HERE AND THERE. Like the Athenians of old, the people : of Sydney are never happy except they are hearing or telling some new thing, i. And, 'happily for them, they are never nt a loss. If they cannot find anything new, they simply manufacture it. Sfc . 3f» ? ? The Dean sensation having cooled , down, we have, had two elections to arouse our curiosity, The one is the Eylstone contest, in which 'Fitzpatrick has again triumphed over Wall, his Protectionist opponent. T. H. Williams wisely with drew after he had been nominated, but, of course, two or three votes were re corded for him. ? * * * A bye-election, coming so soon after a ' general election, is an anti-climax, and it is generally difficult to re-awaken in tense enthusiasm on so short a notice and on so narrow an issue as the elec tion of one member. The numbers ! .. polled at Eylstone shows , however, that feeling was strongly aroused. ' 7 .**.'? The other election has aroused more interest, and has shown more conclusively the trend of political movements. For the Phillip Division, rendered vacant by /tbe! retirement/, of R. D. Meagher, we had ' a; government candidate, Dr. Hodgson, Sir Jlenry Parkes, and Mr. Copeland, in addition to James Wilson, the Labor candidate. , ,? . ? ♦ f . ? ? ? , , ? ' ? ; , ?. What did- it mean ? was the question naturally asked. Sir Henry Parkes and Mr. Copeland both fighting the Govern ; ment candidate ! Had the grand alliance between the Protectionist Party and Parkes been dissolved?. Eager as both were to oust Reid, were they not both . more, eager to secure office for themselves ? Yes, it did mean this, as subsequent events proved. * * :Of course, Sir Henry Parkes had the. , , same old song to sing about Federation and about sinking petty fiscal questions. ' T^iis is the pnly ground he can take now. IJut tfre charm has gone; It has become a, mere sing- spng— what we call cant. Even the big- wigs who supported him at ; $ie general election have now deserted ' jiim.,, JJis .'.only remaining outside sup pliers wereW^ has developed a faculty for the' choicest gutter oratory — ? arid Martin, both of whom were rejected 'candidates at the last election. Of ;, cbuifsej Sir. Henry Parkes retired; He . had not the ghost of a chance of being returned. mi ? i i-- ?? -v -I* *. [l-r MrV, Copeland sinks the Federation \- : issue, and. comes out as a true provincial ' Protectionist. This iB fortunate, because 1 s it throws a light upon the attitude of the. . Labor Party towards the present. Protec 3: .tionist : Party, and also shows why the ' Labor Party cannot side with it. .1-; ,? ? i ' *** ? ., . , / , The Labor Party sinks the fiscal issue. The Protectionists will not. Hence, when the Protectionists put forward pro vincial tariffs as the cure-all, the Labor Party, whether its members are Protec . tionists or Freetraders, are ? compelled to * -da!y :No: Yb'cdr cure is toot the one wis * -4 \ want. We want to strike at monopoly. You are prepared to encourage and strengthen monopoly on the plea that it will give temporary relief to the workers. We cannot accept such a delusion. i ? ? ? * ? i About Protection and Freetrade in the i abstract we care little or nothing. We want to keep to the present issue — monopoly or no monopoly. You are the friend of monopoly. Therefore, you are our enemy. You talk vaguely about a property tax, but you know that is a delusion, and that a property tax would only strengthen monopoly, as shown by the experience of the United States and New Zealand. * * * On the same principle the nomination of the direct Labor candidate is justified. Our fight is against monopoly. We are going with the Government so far be cause they are now fighting against the same foe. But when it comes to select ing a, soldier to fight for us, we prefer to have one pledged to our creed rather than one who is first merely a fiscal Free trader and next only by force of circum stances on the side of Labor. * * * There are two very singular things about the Phillip election. Sir Henry Parkes says if all the Acts he originated were struck out of the statute book, there would be very little left. It may be so, and we are not sure that this would be a loss. * * * Mr. Copeland tells us that he originated nearly all the valuable measures, includ ing even those which hove been passed by the present Government. Well, it may be so. Past legislation has not done much for us, and the really valu able part of the legislation, Mr. Copeland admits, he could not complete ; but it had to be taken in hand by the present Ministry. So, perhaps, with Parkes and Copeland out of the House, we may get on better. Dibbs, of course, was merely a political meteor. He admits he is glad to be out of politics, especially as he is now otherwise provided for. So he counts for nothing, and never did count for much. 