ON THE WAIKATO. ' 4 ' , (copyright.) . by ATHA WESTBURY. ' '.'V- ' , . CHAPTER V. —Continued, The dog stood watching me as' I- tried first the door and then the win dow, to gain admittance. Going fur- ;/ 1 ther round to an angle of the building. where there had recently be, en added , . an additional room, I. discovered that the small window therein yielded to my hand. . It was what is known as a cottage window and, very smail, but, .after much tribulation, I . managed to squeeze my body through it and , found myself in a room as dark as Hades. . I carefully groped about me,- not wishing to give any. needless alarm. 1 could distinctly hear s. irne one snoring soundly, the noise being a-good imita tion of the lower notes of a French horn. Guided by the? sound, 1 laid my hand on, a plump form slumbering . peacefully on a stump beds-'.ead. I shook the slumberer somewhat roughly. In an instant the snoring ceased, giving place to a , girl's voice, that called out u in accents ot alarm, but with an unmis takable not them palios : " What the deci's that?" "Hush, my girl ! It's only — " " Wha are ye?" she cried, sitting bolt upright and sti etching forth her ' arms. " Is it a ghaist that touched me? The Lord save us and bless us ! it's no canny to be haunted," she mut tered, in a lower itey and with trembl ing lips. "1 am not a ghost," I returned, in a reassuring tone. Have you matches and candle handy?' " Matches ? What gars ye speak of matches ? . Tak yersel awa." II my life-had been at stake I could not have held . in the hearty guffaw that escaped me like a rifle. crack at the tone j v of her voice- and words. " Ah, it's a pocrgaiewhen ane-meets auld Cloutie !" she cried, beginning to sob.c " Blessed saints, save me from the unco, warn !" . ' : My laughter rang orut again and the Newfoundland began to bark. , " My good woman, .don't . you hear that I am only a man ? — a being of . : . . flesh and blood, like yourself ?" 1 an swered, giving her another shake. ;/ " A man !'" she ejaculated, in quite 51 another tone of voice: " How dare you come ' in a decent lassie's room at this time of nicht? How dare you 'do it ? " " Listen to me for a minute." " I'll no listen to sic a foul carlie," y she responded quickly. " Shame on ye, man, to come sneaking tae one's room when all the rest o' the house are sleeping." ' "Confound it! Will you listen to me whi'e I explain ?" " Gang awa vwi ye the same way ye , , cam, or I'll rouse the captain," she cried, sharply, raising her" voice to a higher pitch. " Come, march, out ye , go through the window." " Which is Captain - Heywood's room?" "Which? Ah! ye. would be at murder you- villain?" she answered, fumblingHor the candlestick. "My dear madam, believe me I am—" . "Don't,, fash yoursel', mon, with sweet words,'' replied my invisible com panion. " Keep your blarney to cool your porridge. I'm no your dear madam, ye ugly loon ; and not to be bamboozled by fair blather. Do ye think I don't ken ye, Maister Davie Brock? Although ye are trying to change your voice ! I ken ye, my lad ! And what's more, I'll tell the captain what a false carle ye are, if I live to see the morn !" The welcome greeting of a match . \ struck my ear as she concluded andin- ' V stantly the room was illumined. " Why, you are no Davie, after a'! " she cried, gazing at my blood-stained fa#e and torn habiliments in amaze ment. "Certainly not, I replied, gravely. "If you had only condescended to listen to me for a' moment I would have explained my being here at this hour." . "Oh, you would, eh? Well, what do ye want ?" eyeing me suspici ously. . v " I have an important communication to make to Captain Hey wood without " delay." " Gang to the hut or the men yonder < and see the Captain in the morning,,' ' she said. " I mus see him at once." "Ye musts?" "I must!" " Aweel, then, gang and see him ; .and, I say, have the manners to close the window after ye." A brave, brawny wench, this, with a round, fair face, big, honest eyes and arms as strong and muscular as a vil lage blacksmith, fit to go into the wil derness in co-partnership with some young and hardy settler to hew out of the primitive chaos a home and fortune 'for her progeny. I objected to make my exit through the window and begged that she would awaken Captain Hey wood, as my in formation concerned the safety of the station. "I canna go to the maister in. my sark !"she cried, in some confusion. " Gang out at the window for just two \- minutes and then I'll be ready to do your bidding." I was out of the window in a crack, and was shortly afterwards joined by my maid, who without more ado led- me to round to a side door and rang a bell. ! Presently a head was thrust forth with an old-fashined nightcap, thereow, from one of the windows. " Whit's the matter ?" called a voice resembling the sharp grating of a hand- ' law on a nait " Here's a man wants to speak wi ye> sir. Particular business." " Tell the man to go to — Jeri cho !" responded the voice and the head and nightcap disappeared ; but in a moment a tall, thin figure emerged round the corner of the ver andah, clad scantily and bearing in his hand a candle. I suggested that the maid should re tire, as what I had to say was quite confidential, whereupon the captain (for it was he) held the light above his head and took a critical survey of rmy tout ensemble. " I'll take your figure head for your honesty, but, as4 for the rest of you, hang me, you seem to have experi enced rough weather," he said coolly. "I'm an old sea dog and not to be bamboozled by humbug, Now, what d'ye want?" I told my' errand in twenty words, but not before the girl had retired. " Phew !" whistled the mariner ; "is the wind in that quarter ? Well, I'll contrive the dogs a warm reception when they do come. How many did you say there were ?" "About fifty, Captain Hey wood, as near as I could calculate." " Humph ! rather long odds. Never mind, sir, come in." I followed him through a pair of fold ing doors into a well-carpeted and lofty apartment,' furnished most luxuriously. By the soft light of a costly bronze lamp which the captain lit, I saw that no vulgar taste had suggested the fur niture and belongings of this apart ment. From the thick maroon cur tains ;to the soft, delicate-tinted paper on the walls, there was exquisite har mony, blended with artistic design. Nothing loud or showy cheek by jowl with rare bric-a-brac here. , I have known people with more, money than taste make a furniture mart of their homes. Others, again, who had abundant taste and very little money, have managed to make home comfortable and even elegant. In this apartment there was wealth and ele gance combined; and the effect was charming. The captain, who appeared to be a hardy son of. Neptune, verging on fifty- five and with a jolly, good-humored face, bade me be seated and requested me to give him a detailed account of what I had seen and heard; Not satisfied with this, I had to give a per sonal account of myself as to how I became be-nighted in the Manaka hills on the Waikato. The request seemed reasonable and I gratified him, just touching so much of my history as merged into the ques-. tion at issue. " And so your name is Frank Leigh, you say?" " Yes ; here is my card." " Card !" he echoed in surprise;" do you carry cards?" " Certainly, Captain Hey wood." "Of course; no offence, my lad." " Leigh — Letgh ?" he repeated to himself. " Leigh ? I know that name well enough. What part of the old country do you hail from?" " A little township called Tetiey, in Lincolnshire," I replied, smiling. " The devil !" cried the" captain, starting suddenly to his feet. > " No, sir, I said Tetiey," cried I, laughing. - , " So you did,, my lad. Why, hang me, I was born within sthree miles of it," ejaculated the old fellow, with much energy. "I knew a Colonel Leigh who lost an arm at the battle of Waterloo. He lived in an old tumbled- down ruin called , ' The Pillars,' about halfR-mile out of Tetiey." "The colonel was my grandfather, Captain Heywood. I was horn like my father before me— at ' The Pil lars.'" " You don't say so ! Give me your fin, my boy. Hang me, I'm glad to meet you," he cried, with genuine plea sure beaming from his eyes. " Lord love you, I've stolen many a ton of apples out of the old colonel's garden when I was a younker. And what a terror he was to gipsie3 and tramps and the like, with his one arm and his thick cane and his big, rough voice. Why, I remember him as well as if I'd only left the old country yesterday, and I've been oh the Waikato these twenty years." Once started on the topic of his birthplace, the captain went on for over an hour "with rapid questions relative to men and events which had passed into oblivion before I was born. It was useless for me to remind him of the pressing danger which hung over Fern Cliff. Not until grey dawn began to peep in at the window did he desist. Then he kindly led me to a spare bed room, and placing a decent suit of tweed at my disposal, begged me to make his house my home or run away out of the threatened danger, as I pleased. CHAPTER VI. My Bohemian life had almost ob literated the latent ideas of luxury and comfort from my thoughts. The sight of a well- furnished apartment, with all its cosy appendages to soothe the heart and mind and invite sleep were before' my eyes. , . In my boyhood days just such an other room was mine at " The pillars,!' of which the captain had spoken. Here were the soft carpet, in color to match the thick; close curtains that shut out the cold, winds and the black ness of night ; here the easy chair and slippers and the inviting bed, with its coverlet of thick .white satin, its soft cambric sheets and the dainty pillows bordered with costly lace. Even in my fatigued state of body and with my mind full of the danger looming oyer the captain's domicile, my thoughts ran riot in Wanton liberty of range. India, China, the Conitinent of Europe and back, to the old ruin of Colonel Leigh in Lincolnshire. Waking up from my reverie, my gaze encountered a face looking down at me from the opposite wall. It was only»a photograph or crayon, depicting the head and bust of a young girl ; but the picture seemed endowed with liv ing, breathing life. I have seen faces on canvas that words cannot describe. So on the movirfg panorama of walk ing humanity that passes across one's vision have I beheld faces which an artist could not portray. The coun tenance before me was not strictly beautiful. There are certain "beauty women," as there are certain "beauty men," in whose features one detects no fault — who are the show-figures of any party or assembly in which they appear — but who, some how, inspire no sen timent and excite no interest; they lack some expression, whether of mind or of soul or of heart, without which the most beautiful face is but a lovely picture. Yet the picture here reversed this order of things. Take the features singly, and they were by no means perfect, nor were they set off by any brilliancy of coloring. But the face aroused and impressed the imagina tion with a belief in the purity and lov- liness of virgin woman — woman un- tempted and untainted, either by the follies or the vices of that mystery called society. The glossy raven hair, coiled up in a simple, luxuriant knob behind the small ears, together with tne pale olive complexion, were cer tainly not English ; but the dark blue, lustrous eyes, shaded by long lashes, the sweet, expressive mouth, and the smooth white brow, were unmistak able characteristics of the Anglo-Saxon race. The luxury of a bath somewhat com pensated for my'Vant of rest. I felt in vigorated and ready again for any emer gency. It was broad daylight now. I 'drew aside the curtains, opened the win dow and looked forth. A bright, beauti ful morning, with the snn just beginning to gild the topmost peak of Mount Tarrara far away on the distant horizon. Below, the rich valley, prolific with life and beauty. As my gaze wandered over the distant ranges, I became aware of an object slowly moving along between the trees. Waiting and watching,' I saw that it was a body of men — armed men — Maoris, in fact. My first thought suggested Te Huri ; but no, as they approached nearer, I recog nised Rewi aud my companions of the previous day's hunt. The young chief tain marched at the head of hiB men aud near him a Pakeha, whom I had never seen before. Wnilts T stood watcniug their uDproacn, Captain Hey wood entered, armed to the teeth. : " Good morning !" he cried. " Bless me, you look more ship-shape now. I see you have recognised the kingites approaching. It's all right ; there will be ho scrimmage after all. " How did you find means to commu nicate with Rewi V I enquired, in sur prise. "All chance, my lad," he replied, seating himself. " Chance does more for us betimes than the best laid schemes. My overseer, a shrewd fellow, who knows his way "about the Waikato as well as most men about here, volunteered to go to the settlement of the king for aid. He proposed taking a short cut over the range, which has evidently led him into the arms of Rewi and his u hunting party, who, I see, are returning with him." - Then the Te Huri will not show fight ?" < "Not.a bit of'it," he answered, laugh ing. " The Maori banditti are too care ful to hazard a fight with anything like equal numbers. It is only the defence less whom they have the temerity to attack. But, by Jupiter 1 they would, have found Ralph Heywood a match for some of , them." At the captain's suggestion, I went with 'him to meet the warriors. Rewi expressed himself delig'ited to see me safe and well. Mine host, without more ado, marched the whole brigade into a large shed; and, having ordered break fast for them, conducted me round the premises. I began to feel very hungry ere we hkd gone the round of the stables, the grain- ery, orchard, men s huts and' conservatory of plants, &c.; by which the place was fringed. " 1 have a few friends staying with me at present in the house to whom I shall be happy to introduce you, my lad," he said, linking his arm in mine and leading the way to the breakfast parlor. " In my experience." he continued, w I aiways found it bad policy to get up a scare without urgent necessity. Now, I acted on this plan in the present instance ; therefore, there , are seven or eight people you will meet in a few minutes who have not the faintest idea of how near they were to a bullet or a Maori tomahawk." "You acted wisely, sir." "Of course," answered he drily. "Now, to give you some idea of the folks you will meet — first, there is my girl Nfx." " That's the maid " Maid ? No, my daughter. I call her ' Nix ' because when she was a wee toddler she could never pronounce Inez (wnich, by the way, is her name), but only Nix. Next on the list is a neigh bor oi miue, a widow, fair, fat and forty, aud who is sole mistress of one of the finest estates between this and Auckland. You will no doubt find Mrs. Blake a very fascinating woman ; but,, your ear, boy, beware of her, that's all. No. three is the Lev. Josiah Buckle, the finest athlete in New Zealand, but a grand man for a' that. If you are any hand at single stick you may make him your sworn friend in half an hour. The fourth personage is Major Ball, of the Auckland Rifles. The gallant major is a gentleman, or he thinks he is, whicti is all the same. He sports au eyeglass and lisps like my Lord Dun dreary. Then there is Professor Siede- man, travelling in search of the missing link, which he trusts to find amongst the Waikato tribes pf the Maoris, or per chance somewhat nearer home. Seventh, Dainb Trent, iny housekeeper ; and last, but by no means least, old Victor Du- pless, my daughter's preceptor, a French man of the old school and, I may add, an oddity in his way. Quite a yalaxy of talent," I mentally said. — Tore CoNmiujin. w4 