THE MERCURY. BOBAS*: SATURDAY, APRILSI, 1S9S. EPITOME OF HEWS. 8t. Helen's Water Trust election Tuesday. Society to bo formed by Anglican Church' to give religious instruction in State schools. Cambridge mlin-roed tender« close at noon on Monday. Hobart Collegiate School (Sisters of the Church) re-opens oa Monday. Sorell Library members' meeting this afternoon at 3. Appeal in the libel case of J. W. Hudson, solicitor, v. T. Cane was yesterday dismissed. Lad named Charles Smith severely injured at George Town by cartridge explosion. Capital of East Volunteer Company to be increased from £5,000 to £10,000. The p.a. Gem runs to Kew Norfolk to- morrow. First «eesion of thirteenth Synod of Diocese of Tasmania closed last night The s.B. Nubeena runs the last trip but one of the season to Brown's Uiver to- morrow.| | Trotting and Galloway races ot Belle Vue this afternoon commencing at 2.15. Programme for T. B.C. second autumn meet on Saturday next in advertising columns. Louie, «.s,, goes on a fishing excursion to- lley. A. Turnbull gives an address on Domain to-morrow afternoon on case of ltev. S. Topham. Proceedings commeoced to carry New Town Tannery case on appeal to the Privy Council embarrassed by an informality,. Archdeacon Whitington elected by Syno<i Administrator of Diocese of Tasmania vice Dean Dundas. Road Trust elections to-day-Clarence, Austin's Ferry, Cambridge ; Tuesday, Tea Tree. Paris omnibus strike ended. London tin quotation £6315«. to £615s. Bishop Murray, of Maitland, seriously ill. The barque Trawbridge collided with H.M.S. Dart in Sydney harbour yesterday. Anti-Chinese feeling stirring up in New Zealand. Paris omnibus drivers relinquishing their strike. Melbourne Cricket Club votes £250 for charities. An inmate of Adelaide Lunatic Asylum has killed an attendant with a spode. Great decrease in South Australian revenue last month. Another " wonderful find " reported from Coolgardie. Queensland loan of £1,250,000 subscribed, nearly fivefold. Average price, £10112s. Gd. Defence of Ghitral lauded as a second Lucknow. The Victorian racehorses The Indian and Fortunatus co to India. Extended free breakfast table promisod in England. Wednesday half-holiday movement has broken down in Adelaide. Work in Newcastle collieries will be re- sumed on Monday. Queensland loan scrip is at 4J per cent, premium. Times predicts further Australian loan issues to follow the Queensland success. Sunken Spanish War vessel Reina Regente found a hundred fathoms low. New Zealand Government refuses to apply one man one voto system to municipal elections. Nicaragua 'still refusing to pay indemnity. Customs and Railway Department now occupied by British troops. Kjropean press vilifying England for holding aloof from concerted action against Japan. News from Ohltral shows that the be- leaguered garrison was in perilous plight when relieved. Japan declines to make concessions to European Powers, fearing wrath of the populace. New Zealand Treasurer has produced a good impression in England on the financial resources and stability of his colony. New South Wales Premier says he will probably propose repeal of all tho " Dibbs " duties except that on grain. Tho jury in Melbourne had not arrived at a verdict in the Greener v. Abrahams gun case late last night. An application for the discharge of J. B. Davies, a Melbourne bankrupt, has been refused. The proprietors of the Melbourne Herald have won in the libel case brought against them by a contractor. Eveky fresh inspection of the Sanitary Committee reveáis fresh cause for surprise and indignation at the way in which the vital interests of the public have been neglected by the City Council. The last inspection brought to light a number of nuisances enough to poison the health of a large portion of the city, which nuisances have been accumulating for a series of years, whilst the public has been mocked with the name of inspection. The Council spends, we understand, some £400 a year on its sanitary officers, and what they have to show for the money is, a lot of insanitary deposits which almost pass belief, bad as we thought the state of affairs to be before the recent inspections were made. The Council occasionally resolves itself into a Board oí Health, to which so-called reports of so-called inspectors are pre- sented, and received with great gravity, whilst festering filth and abominable nuisances are allowed to accumulate all over the city. Indeed, the evidence of neglect and indifference to the public health which has been adduced during the last few weeks is simply astounding, when we consider that all the machinery of inspection and health-officers exists, and that sanitary work is one of the special duties which fall upon the Council. The so-called Board of Health should be rather called a Board to secure the ill health of the community, for under the cover of its existence the public is lulled into a belief in a state of security that does not exist, and which never can exist unless a thorough change is made. It is idle to attempt to conceal the fact, which recent inspections have revealed, that | there is not only a state of shameful L inefficiency and neglect, but a stolid i opposition to the doing of the work wnich ú required to put the city in- a Wbr T-Mwi ihMld-»lM%st_4)bmratt* !. M^IS5%""%5^ji5i?-__?-__-__ we do not profess to understand, ex-1 eept it be another example of what is j so common in this colony, the putting of incapable men in public positions where capacity and independence are required. Tlie natural supposition is, that officers of all sorts and de- grees as well as aldermen and all other persons ¡¿^authority, wpuld heartily co-operate to place the city in as good a sanitary condition as possible^ .Jib is to the interest of every- body that it should be so, not only because everybody is concerned in the preservation of the public health which includes his own,, but also because the prosperity of the cit^'largely depends on it being made attractive to visitors. From time to time reports of the bad 6tute of the city are spread abroad throughout the , other colonies, which- we have had to contradict, becauso it is hardly possible for man to spoil what Nature ha&jnade; so good. Still, there cannot be a -dojjbt that such foundation as these reports have could be taken away, if only a little energy and freedom from folland prejudice were shown, and yejj0l.the work is not only not done, '/but re- sisted in a way which'-'is as inexplicable as it is absurd." TJ^e City Council now stand» convicted of the fact, thanks to the action of the Queenborough Town Board, that it did not know one main portion of its business. Its health- officers have not kept it informed of the real state of affairs. , Its inspectora have not called attention to nuisances so grave as to astonish even the Committee of In- spection, and no real attempt has been made to carry out even the simplest provisions of the laws relating to the public health. Naturally- the public is waiting to see what the Council means to do about it, but the signs seem to indicate that the public will have to wait in vain. And, here we come upon another curious phase of affairs, and one which may be said to be peculiar also to the colony, and most peculiar to this part of it. Individually the greatest indignation is expressed. Whoever goes where citizens do congregate cannot fail to hear remarks snowing the indignation and disgust that are felt as each fresh revelation is published, and remarks which are neither com- plimentary to the aldermen nor their officers. Indeed, what we have said on this subject is mild by comparison- with what we bear day by day from all sorts and conditions of men. But, what comes of it all ? Where is there any mani- festation of public indignation ? What is said to the aldermen by the ratepayers ? What is said against the health-officer«, who appear to regard this state of affairs with much complacency, and where is .there any uprising.against that mani- fest sham the Central Board of Health ? On every side there are admissions of the inefficiency of tho-whole machinery and the persons by which it is con- trolled, but that does-not trouble them in the least, for they seem to know that a Hobart public does not move, but allows itself to be stunk, to death without so much as making a struggle ,to secure that for which'it pays, and which it might seoure with very little trouble. In any other colony such a state of private opinion would mean .prompt and vigorous action, such action as would send the incompetent and neglectful to the right-about without more ado, but here it fritters itself away in remarks on the in- efficiency of the whole arrangements, as if that was not a state of affairs which is the direct consequence of the negligence of the ratepayers them- selves. Some few persons have got it into their beads that evils cannot be remedied without a scheme of deep drainage, which is one of the ideas that at least one of the health-officers is fond of parading. It is coolly proposed that the nuisances with all their evils shall remain far another ten years or so whilst a scheme of deep drainage, which nobody seems to know how to properly devise, shall be carried out This is the most trans- parent humbug. No one who has the least acquaintance with the present state of sanitary knowledge can have a doubt that nearly all the evils now so evident can be remedied by very simplemeans-bythemereenforcement of the law as it stands, and the doing of their manifest duty by the officials. All that is wanted is public spirit to properly do public work, such as we have seen shown in other places where similar evils had to be grappled with. Almost all the nuisances com- plained of aro the result of neglect and indifference. If inspectors and officials went to work to-morrow and did their duty properly, within a month there would be a most beneficial change in the city, and a manifest improvement in the state of the public health, which might be maintained at a much higher standard than has been kept for many years. In due season, when the funds are available and the necessary ability is secured, we may carry out a system of drainage, but the immediate question is how todo what can be done, and what ought to have been done years ago. Of course, if the ratepayers do not see that they have a serious duty to perform in rogard to this matter, the chances are that nothing will be done, as there is a considerable accumulation of pre- judice, ignorance, and stolid indiffer- ence to be cleared away. The result of the floating of the Queens- land loan must be deemed highly satis- factory, although to »11 appearances the days when the Australian Colonies used to go, hat in hand, to the British money-lender are gone into the limbo of the past, with a good many other things connected with our infancy as a nation. The answer in thin case is very similar to that given to oar own re- quest a few months ago, the change being, not that the loan has been weti received, but in the confidence with which the colonies now await the reply to their announcements. There is no longer the fear and trembling that used to make the moments of suspense so terribly painful. The closeness of the ties between the two extremities of the Empire, and the increasing respect which has come with increase of know- ledge, has led to a feeling of confidence to which the capitalists were previously strangers ; they know what good security tbey have for their money, and io are not in the leant 'degree afraid to lend it .There ara other, mñ-U, of _!^__?i. mÎ"^4^ 5___?il_î íSBhH__-_______H silt witt» if he chooses to do so. There was no' interference, for one thing*, with tho-London advisers of the Govern- ment, and certainly no cavilling at the small' charges which> are made by oer tain people employed for» services ren- dered. The matter was placed in tile hands of responsible people, and then, having, as they thought, fulfilled their duty, Ministers withdrew from the affair altogether. As thny confessed last week, when the news was first flashed through of the date and mini- mum that hud been fixed, tlioy really knew nothing about it themselves. The result lias justified the course taken. The amount asked for has been quad- rupled ; the minimum" has been ex- ceeded by 4 per cent.; so that the terms are very favourable indeed. Of courso the addition of the six months' interest, payable in July next, may Jiave foeon un extra inducement, but that is a mere detail. The general response is evi- dence that Queensland, despite her many borrowings, has not yet exceeded the length of iicr tether, so long as she acts judiciously, and is prepared to pay fairly for the amount of accommodation afforded her.. Tin; increase of population in the Aus- tralasian colonies during the past 3| years is stated by the Victorian Govern- ment Statist as 343,872, being at the rate of 9.03 per cent. r The numerical increases are .given ' thus :-Victoria, 38,099; New South Wales, 119,216 ¡ Queensland, 51.437 ; South Australia ^(including Northern.Territory), 39,971 ; western Australia, :Í2,r290 ; Tasmania, 10,713» : and Now Zealand, 59,470. The total population on 31st December lust is given fe 4,153,767 us compared with 3,809,895 on^öth April, 1891. Although' the numerical increase of population has been smallest in Tasmania, yet in percentage proportion the, colony stands far away on9&he; list abuvo Vic- toria, where the decrease in population, mainly arising in /Melbourne ' and suburbs, has brought itiue percentage increase down to 3'39. West Australia, owing to the goldfields rush, tops the list with 64 86 per cent.: ,tí¿en coined Queensland, 13'00 ; New South!' WalesJ 1053 ; South Australia. 9'U8T' New Zealand, 9'49; Tasmania, 7'36'^'*nd Victoria, 3 39. One noticeable feature in the returns published is the hçajjy falling-oil in the population of MeT^. bourne and suburbs. The census enu-j meration on April 5, 1891, showed a. total of 490,896. The estimate on' December 31,1894, was 438,955, a net decrease of 09,941. In only four out- lying rnunicipalitiesareiucreases shown, while in Melbourne city and surround- ing municipalities the decreases range thus ¡-South Melbourne, 8,694 ¡ Mel- bourne city, 8,101 ; Bichmond, 7,282 ; Fitzroy, 0,143 ; Collingwood, 5,120 ; Prahran, 3,353 ; Brunswick, 3,151 ; Footscray, 2,086 ; Williamstown, 2,020 ; St. Kilda. 1,304 ; Essendon, 1,251 ; Kew, 1,112. What has become of the people who have thus migrated can scarcely be traced with any approximate cer 1 tainty, but New South Wales and West Australia have probably absorbed the greater portion. Our Süfi'LEMkst to-day contains: Australasian Fruitgrower«' Conference, Supreme Court, Anglican Synod, Mining, Fruit as food und medicine, Couutry News, Our Melbourne Letter, and Advertisements. Kddoatioxal.-The following appoint- ments in connection with Elie Education Department havo been mude:-J. K. Macandrew, to charge of Black Brush assisted Behool ; Miss A. M. Freeman, assistant, Bream Creek ; Miss C. H. Stuttord, assistaut, Wynyard ; Miss C. Priestly, paid monitor, Wynyard ; Win. Poole, paid monitor, Waratah ; St, John Bonltbee, ohargo of half-time school at tjoaruttuder and German Town ; Mr. and Mr». Kildea, to charge of new school at Sandhill, Launceston ; Mr. and Mrs. Simm, from Richmond to charge of Franklin ; Mr. and Mrs. Shaw, from Hastings to chargu of Richmond ; Mr, and Mrs, Wood, from Cole* brook lo charge of Hastings ; Mr. and Mrs. Stevenson, from bagdad tu charge of Cole- brook ; Mrs. Hayes, from Apsley to charge of Bagdad ¡ Miss A. B. McPhec, to be chief female assistant, Butte! y Point ; Mis« F, a thor stone, from Handford to charité of infant de- partment. Battery Point ; Mis« Proctor, to charge of Sandford, Mr. and Mrs. Kildea are both trained Tasmanian teachers. Tho former holds a fmt- class certifiante under ' the department, having entered the service in 1868. Til li WlIXIAMSON-STBEET Fire,-An in queat was held at the Tasmanian Ion on Thursday on the recent ¿fire 'in William- son-street before Coroner Riddoch. Superintendent Maher said ho received a cull at 3.15 on Sunday morning, and pro- ceeded to Williamson-street, wberc ho found a partially-built house in flumes. Ho turned I his attention to saving the adjoining build ¡og,whichwassucccBsfulty done. He ooulunot acaountforthe ure. James Harwood, owner of tho destroyed building, said he was in bed when the ure broke out. Could not say how it originated, Tho building in progress was [ insured in the London and Lancashire Co. for £150. The amount of damage done would cost ubout £35 to make good. Beyond the usual building materials there was nothing of an extra inflammable character, und nothing that would burn spontaneously about the place. Knew of no «no bearing ill-will towards him. Tho jury returned a verdict of " Wilfully, tet on fire by some porscn or persona unknown," and added a rider to the effect that the Williamson-street water-main needed immediate uttention. [We bad no intimation of this inquest until yesterday.] CiTV Police Couiir.-Bofore Mr. B. Shaw, Police Magistrate, and Mr. A. Crisp, J.P. Frank Hanson appeared at the instanco of Superintendent Pedder, charged with heat- ing his childe Thon Hanson or Ariunuon, aged 6. Superintendent Pedder stated that Elizabeth AdttOiBOU,the mother of the ohiid, came to him bringiog the boy with her, stating that Hanson had beaten him severely. Mr. Pedder examined tho boy ia the pré- sence of'wibacBses, and found that his body was black, arti blue, and the baok was covered-with wales, while his arm was badly bruised. In consequenoe of what he deemed ¡[[treatment ho proceeded against Hanson, who was the father of the boy. Hanson stated that he bud provocation, as the boy was quite beyond his control, and it was necessary at times to administer corporal punishment. He denied using any mora than- ordinary force. The Bench had the boy stripped, and the marks on his body showed that the punishment had been severe. Hanson wa« fined 10s. Od., and ordered to' pay 12r.. Sd. costs. Mr. Shaw addressing defendant «aid : Ibe murki on the boy'« body indicate that he has bren most unmercifully thrashed. I hope Mr. Pedder will aee if some arrangement oanoot be made for the proper care and treatment of the child in some of the local institution«. Riohard nightingale was fined lOe. Gd. for a breaob of the Codlin Moth Act, W Aura's Exhibit of Fukoïobtks. Messrs. ,T. Walch k Sons «enounce in oar special advertising column that their entire exhibit of pianofortes at the Exhibi- tion is now under offer to par chasers at prices and on terms to be obt lined at Wellington Bridge. The special feature of Mess».. J.. Waloo. & Son* exhibit is the splendid «how of Messrs. | Collard k Collard s pianofortes, which com- prise the superb Boudoir'Grand, in Tas- manian' wood, which has been accorded a place in the ait gallery, and the drawing room uprights in rosewood and walnut. Per those who require an excellent, but some- what cheaper instrument, the " Walde- mar " will Ve lound a very superior and handsome pianoforte. AU these instruments wera speoislly selected by the makers for exhibition purposes, and, therefore, are the «err best in their several classes. % Tub MisSino Max andebsov. - The, T.rritorlal police, with outside assistance, have been prosecuting a rigoroas search in the neighbourhood of the farm 'occupied by the missing «nan Anderson. The Water- works, Summerlea«, and Ridgeway have been ««arched, bat no traes« of Anderson have been discovered. His house was examined, bat there was nothing ia it but a bsg of flour and a ham, aud it was very evident tbat it bad not been inhabited for some days past. EuoAunrro Ointment prepared from tin Green leaves of the Tasmania Blue Ouui is a I The Mails,-The mails per' R.M.S, Alameda, wbiah left Auckland fur London via San Francisco on March 2,'f, arrived a* their destination on Thursday morning, th» 25th imt. Income Tax- on InVkstkbíkw_With regard to the recant decision of' the Chief Justice' in' the* appeal Walker, Tenison, Patterson and others aeaiust the atsesament of tho Income Tax Coinminjioncr on the .ground of dépréciation ou ceitain invest' tuent- stocks hold by them, by which the Chief Justice held tbat thoy were entitled to reduce the taxable amount thereon by the- .' amount of the depreciation on such stock*- ¡ that ooourred during the year for whivb the income wa« taxable, tho Commissioner has considered it to bo his duty to aBsena ae-th* taxable amount all apptecialion of invest ment« in stocks. For i sample, in the Ta« mania) gold-mining property on .Inly 1, 1803, the Btock waa quoted at l8«, per share; whilst on July 1, 1894, the quota- tion was £0 per share. This appreciation of' £5 2s, per sharo would give a taxable amount of a quarter of a million, yicldjasr. about £12,000 income tax for the year. Ib- is, however, considered doubtful whether Parliament anticipated suchu result from it*, legislation, or that; euch a decision as thai given by the Chief Justice would have been < made. Therefore it seems desirable (o defer ' the ultimate «ettlomont bf such a claim as ? might bo made by tbe Commissioner for the - opinion of Parliament. The Commisioners will, howover, to fulfil the law, proceed to» make demands on foi túnate shareholders who have benefited by the appreciation of their stooks. - But assessed poisons will not be put to the annoyance of being compelled to appeal, aa the collection of the amounts asaessible will be deferred ' until ' Partit« . ment has bad an opportunity to-reconsider the issue. Lkoal -Before tho Full Court yesterday Mr. Jno, Allan Langdon Mcintyre, son'of Mr, Jno, Mcintyre, of thofirm-of Butler, Molntyro & Butler, solicitors, took tho usual oath and Wa« admitted to practice on the motion of the lion. Alf rod Dobson, Solicitor General. Mr. J. A. Mcintyre wus articled to bis father's firm. Tint LEObiUAMVH Corociii ElrcTioNSl. Nomination« for the Legislative Council elections in the districts of Derwent, Tamar, and Westmorland cloie thiii afternoon at 4. Where a contest for the seat tr.kca place the polling will be on Tuesday, Me> 7. A Sebiods NCISAÏ.C1--Repeated com- plaints have been made and continue to be made, about the serious nuisance and danger tu health caused by the carrying; of manure to tho Macquarie Plaina «tallon.by rail, and" its subsequent cartas« and exposure on land within a milo and a half, 'Ibis mauure Ii ?aid lo consist of rotting offal,'which taints the air for a longdistance, and coutiuues to do so after being placid on the land. - The New Norfolk Board of Health bas been apT pealed to sod nothing has been done, whilst .an appeal to the Central Board of Healtbr ?has, only resulted in the complainant« being referred back to the New Norfolk Board. Tbe-peoplo aggrieved have « remedy at law, which .they may be compelled to employ, but itrseemt to us that the Railway Depart- ment ehpuld retase to carry the niaoua unless it)is properly deodoristd. South ¿Bru mt.-»-There is some good laad at South Bruny, about whieb not much appears to (lie known. W« were shown yesterday some splendid parsnip» and carrot» grown there,by Mr. H. V. Browneli, whick bear striking testimony to the richness of the «oil. Some,persons think that the Village Settlement should bave been there instead of where it it. St. John titb Baitiht, - The naas» autumn hoi t¡cultural' show is to- be held ia> the schoolroom, Oou BUFn -arrest, on May t and 2.. Lady Dobson'has kindly oonsetted to opeu tbe show at 3 p.m. on the first day* of ripening. Mr, M. Mason, the winner of the gold tiiedal, and the principal chrysan- themum growers have promised to exhibit their splendid specimens of floriculture, which certainly excel any previous attempts. Mr. Probin will also bave bis beautiful bloom« (Lady Gormanston), whieb deservedly obtained first prize at the Hobart Show, also a first certificate at the recent Sydney Show, on view. Many other exhibits a» also promised, which should make thus season's «how one of the bist for many yours This will give an opportunity for thoBO who were unable to attend the Uta show at the Exhibition a further opportunity of seeing the very splendid chrysanthemums on view there. There will also'be stall« for the sale of próduoe, also for needlework, all of which will bo sold at very reasonable prices. Refreshments will be obtainable^ and afternoon tea dispensed.. Contributions of produce, oto., will be gladly received at, the schoolroom on Tuesday everting,, and also during show days. {Entries' and ex- hibits-for competition most be at tho schoolroom noc later than 1 p.m on tlie, day of the show, Vocal and instrumental!a.u.icj will enliven the proceedings. Tbu profils of i the show will be devoted to the acueral repairs fund. Seventh .Day Adventist Convention-.^ The 'members of this,denomination ponin nu-nccd a scries of meetings yesterday.by >a>. prayer meeting in tbe boardroom, Temp r anuc-hall, yesterday morning, under the leadership, of Pautor Corliss from, Sydney. Thero waa a good attendance. In the after- noon a Bible rcadiug was held' at which, thero-waa quite a larg« number of 'adventista, and their friends present. In the evening: Pastor Corliss addressed a fairly wx-'.L attended meeting - in, the Temperauce-ha:l. The subjoot of his discourse -wandoa. Christian liberty. He dwelt "at leitch on the mystery of; Godliness and. iheu mystery of, iniquity, and made fr< quent. references- to Scripture ia tupp/ut. of his views. He held that every individuuL was- accountable to God for his own.^aoul» and no one had a right to diotate to blm'ancU 8ay.he was wrongjn matters oi religion.,Hor- ' has any Goverument any right to interfere with, the spiritual views of any peraon. Men tried to combat evil by making lawn. Ho considered that were the «elf-sacrifice of: ministers of religion commensurate willi. thoir salarier,,tiley would be compelled ( byr the dictates of their own hearts to go in til. the highway« and, hedges and-. " conseil them to come in." To day the usual ad- ventist Sabbath services will be heldiln'-the. ;T-cinperanoe-hall. To-morrow avenida,.- ac '8.30, an address on temperance will be-de 'livcred by Mrs.. E, G. White, the uutliojo»* .of much, So vent h Day Adventist literotucr. Pastor Corliss was supported last evening by Pastors White,'Colcortl, and Baker. '.> Tuk Burn» -Societv.-The energetic labours of Mr. D. Scown, tho, instructor ap- pointed by the Tasmanian .Blind Sooidty, wave borne good fruit, some of whioh io»y be seen displayed in the «hop-window of Mr, Smith, haytor, Liverppol- nttiet.,. The work consist's 'of two larg« mats, taeaeucing 5ft. x 2ft.6in.'and 3ft. x 2ft., madq',for»!ie Launceston Reobubltea'-rooms. ThoioitiaU of the Order are worked in bluck coir, anil go right through the mats, which aro of very superior workman«liip..Tln>niakeiht»ke extra pains with all tltay, do, and>Wheu onie thuy have learned how to mt\ke the mais the work is invariably of the highest ordi-r. Providing they' get sufficient work the Hobart blind ure adila and desirous to main- tain themselves.7~At présent Mr. Scowu ooofines his attention, in, most cases to in- dustrial education but he hopea in time to teach those of hja. fellow subjects who ure not able to do so.how to, read and write" and then many oft the grsat .authors will no. longer be sealed books to. trwosJ ?' The fuel*, of the Society, by the way» aire at a low ebU just now. , ,,.., Meat Hawkin«.-I^rriùg to the cry; raiiod in certain interested quaItera against meat hawking in the city and jgDurt», som» New Zealand visitor« remark that ia trrab, colony the sole of meat from doo» to duor i?» 'and bas been, for years paafc¡rl* régulai ly recoguised institution. "His- catt« -are» specially built and fitted, foíxtlio parpóse». and are, in foot, miniature butiobesa" «hog« on wheel«. They saggeit that an improva meat might be spade in some of tbe vehicle« used for the pup««« in Hobart by; tita 'Im- portation of a New Zealand meat cart as a model. Hasveht TsUNKaotviNO. -. A Harvest Thanksgiving wiU be held at Usa Casspbtl1 »treet Minion to-morrow. Praaehsra . Morning, the Rev. W. Henlngbasi Boot ; evening, Rev J. 8. BablngtM. ,~ Gi,iu(ttBcuT Pouo« Cojtbt.- At this Court on Thursday, before Us. Joseph Cook, J>P., Warden, and Mr« F. *". Butler» twu^ esses ef cattle straying and, ose of drivins: without lights were heird. A fine of Sa. f d i was imposed in eeoh case, cool« remitted Obbap DBEssMAKUta.-Iaisa ?istak* *o suppose-as somo ladies do-»hat Inexpstmiva dresimaklng must be sought oiitsid« the shops« or, of necessity, on* must engage a hand hy- the day. In reality sane of tbe shops m Hobart are qalte moderate in their charge. A notable instance of this is Mr. W. M. Willlab«, of Föderal Booie; from but adver tisemont In our special columns it will be seen that a whole costume can be made (in up to date style), includirg material, lining», and makin«, for 29s. 6d. There are several makes of cloths advertised, and the drei« ia to be known m the favourite costusasmode ia tweed, Serge er Amsxon cloth, and »re advertised as materials that ara without s> rival for style, finish and oppsa.rspe» jm that will iMk wall, drop« wslLand waar «nil. 2" 'Hilf-*!? b*** "**g ^.*->>,t>*B- ** ' Tub Dean of Hobart.-It is now scaroely " , probable that the Rev. O. L. Dundus, Dean ' - of'Hobart, who for some tim« past has been -, In/ England, will return to Hobart, for, as ' announced in Synod yesterday by Bishop Montgomery, he waa at latest advices endeavouring to arrange an exohango with the vicar of a parish in Southampton. The ' consent of the Bishops of Winchester and ¡Tasmania, which aro necosiary to this, are likely to be obtained. SoNPAv-sciroL Anniversary.-The an* niveraery of the Primitivo Methodist Sun- day-school will ba hold to-morrow, when sermon« will bo preached in the Town.hall by the Rev. D. O'Dounoll from Victoria (morning and evening), and the Rev. J, H. Dawe in the afternoon. The musical part r of the «ervlco balbeen specially arrongmi, and is likely to bo veiy effcotive. On Wed- nesday next a tea and public meeting will be . held in the church, whon addresses will be delivered by several ministère. Derwent Legislative Council, Ello hon.-Mr. T. Dillon announces his retire* ment from tho 'candidature in couneution with the Derwent election of a mombcr to the Legislative Council. ,Hobart Horticultural Socirty.-At 9 o'clook last evening the fruit and vegetable t avenues woe packed with people, when ' Mr. H. R. Brent, of Messrs. H. L. Kobetts and ,Co. Limited, started the cale of fruit«, A great many iota were sold at satisfactory prices, tho compétition being keen, The Queensland trophy of frnit was put up in several lots, and fetched, in mmy cates, (. good price?. The thanks of the Horticul- tural Sod. ty comm tico are due to Mr. , Brent for his kindness in conducting the sale ' POUT CVCNET HoRTICUXTGRAL 8U0W. Thia show bus beca fixed to be held on Wednesday next, May 1, at Harvey's-hatl. Among the prizes ottered are specials for fruit-packing, fruit on plateB, dried fruit, etc Mr. Al H, Cockrill and the sccrotary, \- Mr, O. Gilbert, are authorised to receive eutries, , I NfcW NÖM-OLK HORTICULTURAL SlIOW. ~ The autumn exhibition of horticultural and agricultural produce will be held on Wed- nesday nut, and His Excellency tho Governor Is announced to open tho show. ' Cheap trains will run from Hobart. Exhibition Shareholders'Mreting - The fifth ordinary general meetiug of share- holder« in the Tasmanian International Exhibition Association Limited will bo held t on Monday, the 6th prox., to receive the half .yearly report of directors, with accounts and balance-sheet. < Hone Lodoe or FORESTERS.-A special meeting will be held on Monday eveniug to oonaider the advisability at appointing medical officers to attend exclusively to -members of Friendly Sooieties. Derwent Valley Trim.-It is notified that the trips on Saturday«, Sunday«, and Wednesday« up the Derwent Valley Line are to be continued. Launceston ano West Coast Excur- sions-Special trains will leave Hobart for 'Launceston tt-merrow at 10 a'.m, and on, Monday and Tuesday. Tuesday's traiu will < conneot at Evandale Junction for Ulver- stone. W.C.T.Ü.-The monthly meeting was , held on Thursday. April 25, with a good , attendance of members. Une new member was admitted and one proposed. Some general . v,business was done, and it wa« decided to «till 'continueto hold the monthly meeting on the . last Thursday io the month. The member« felt thankful, aod expressed pleasure at the action of the Government with regard to temperance instruction ia State schools ; \- alau for the regulations for tho TJuiou Steam f, ship Co. in reference to sala of drink to their employees. ,Ventbiloquis3i and Ghosts.-Mr. Ernest Hosking and Miss Ada Fitz oy, society ( -' entertainers, announce thut they will appear ' at Huonville early next week with their ventriloquial and ghost entertainment. Marine Hoard.-A special meeting of -the Marine Hoard wa« held yesterday to consider proposed alteration« in the Marine < ^Boards Act. It was decided to adjourn the meeting until the roport of the committee .on the regulation« of the Maritime Conter anee is submitted to the Board at its next meeting. The proaeedings were conducted 'in committee. Zeehan-Corin na Mails.-It is under- stood that the Postmaster-General has, at the suggestion of Mr. Urquhart, M.H.A., accepted an offer for a weekly mail service between Zeehan and Corinna, an arrange .ment that will be a decided advantage to residents of the district. - Unclaimed Telegrams.-Messages ad. dressed Charles S. Paterson, Ship Hotel ; .Mr. H. Edmonds, E.T.O.; and Thomas Rumney, Telegraph OfiiLe, await claimants at Telegraph Office. A.Ñ.A. Bau. Masq.ee.-The bull masque, in aid of the uokfuud of the Hobartbranch of the A.N,A..which is to bo given at the Exhi- bition-building ou May ti, promîtes to be a grand «nice,«. Considerable interest is manifested in the masquerade by followers -of the terpsichorean art, and it appears that there is a great demaud for tickets The '"natives" ate fortunate iu securing the valuablo aetistance of a representative ladies' committee, The bull ia under the patronage of the Premier and members of the Ministry and prominent political men. No doubt the friends of the Association, and «11 who can enjoy a good dance, will not let this opportunity pans where they can help in a good cauie, and at the same time thoroughly enjoy themselves. Tasmanian Blankets and Flannels.-It is satisfactory to note that these goods are still winning widespiead reputation on the Australian Continent. Meters. Johnston ; < Brother« ti Co. yesterday shipped per P.». Oonah, for Sydney, a heavy consignment to leading Sydney firm«, the third lot sent recently, and other oidora await execution, {Tasmanian blankets and flannels aro heid in high repute not only iu Sydney but in many up-country |oontree, und Mesar«. Johnston Brothers te, Co.'s mills are kept in full swing fulfilling orders for these, end the many other varieties of woollen goods they manu- facture. At present they have nearly 70 ''.hands employed, «ni the daily scene of aotivity at their works is decidtdly re " freshing as a relief from tho chruuio talk about trade depression. 1 Complimentary Concert.--It has been decided by a number of the leading citizens of this city to arrange a farewell conoert as / a-compliment to Mr. F. A. Packer, before his departure from Tasmania Die manage- ment has been placed in the bunds of un in- fluential committee, with Messrs. F. P Bowden and Nat Oldham a« secretary and I manager. Welcome Social -Ou Wednesday even ing next a social in connection with the Congregational Church, New Town, will be held in the Templars' hall to welcome the the Rev. W. Perry-Hart, the new minister, upon taking permanent charge as pastor. Flax Culture -Concerning the oulture of flax, which it has been proposed to intro 'dues into Tasmania, Meurs. N. Guthridge and Co, write :-"Flax grows rapidly and is exhausting to the «oil. Labour enter« very largely into the cost of produotiun Indeed we know of no produot that entails so much labour Bussiau flaxgrowers are able to andersell other countries, because labour there is very poorly paid, and in winter, while enow covers the groundfor six months, the only employment the peasants have is that of cleaning flax, and even under these -condition« it hardly pays the oast of labour. An act« of land ia not expected to produce -more oban Goat to 8owt. of flax Your farmers who contemplate growing flax .hould not be too sanguine Many places have tried it, but the inherent difficulties «re very great, and one of your great difficul- ties ia Australia i« the uncertainty of your rain supply. Flax requires a great deal of rain during the first few week« of its growth, ao that irrigation would probably be neces sary. Good water in abundance ia also re* quired for the steeping process Probably ¡rou knew that when flax is grown for seed t Is nse)**e for fibre. Thousands of acres are grown In South America for «eed, but -they osanot u«e the fUx." Frozen Maw Dinners.- At the luncheon ireaeaUy «ivsu at the Cannon-street Hotel, London, by Messrs Waddel k Co, to illus- trate Mr. Tailerwu,'« scheme for extending the use« of froten meat, it was explained that tb« schaue comma of the following proposal« :-Mr. Tallerman suggests the -formation of a meat syndicate-later on to be mad« into a large company-for the pur- pose of baying up the best carcase« of mutton and quarter« of beef and retailing tho best portions of the mutton end beef jost as the butchers do to-day. Bat beyond this, the syndicate are to take the coats r «ad inferior portions, and prepare in the following manner .-la) In the form of dishes ready for cooking, and to be pur- chased by tho housewife and taken horne toady for the or n 1 hese consist of onrrlcs, xnlnoM, forcemeats, rta. (6) Cooked dishes, to be sold hat or cold, and in sixes to salt either singlo person« or whole families These pies and curries and minces are to bo «old from 2d. to 1«, according to «ixe. High clash Drkhhmakino -Noel White mud Co. have much pleasure in notifying to their numerous friends and clients that they hare sscored tho services of Mrs. Albert gala {nee Miss lorbittl.for some years with W, If. William«, Federal House, as their S 