Topics. There was not a little that was satisfactory about the report from the Parramatta District Hospital Committee, presented at the annual meeting held on Friday last. The valuable aid rendered by the institution in the cause of genuine charity during the past year has been more pronounced than ever. As in all other directions, the hard times told their tale in con nection with the District Hospital; the num ber of admissions to it exceeded that recorded in former years. All were benefitted; to how many the institution proved a veritable haven of refuge is known to themselves and; the All seeing one alone. *** We can but judge of outward results, and they are in every respect satisfactory. The percentage of deaths occurring in the institution is, compared with that record in kindred establishments elsewhere, small, the cures and recoveries, notably in cases of typhoid fever (a fact which reflects not a little credit upon the medical and the nursing staff), have been more than up to the average; the work, medical, nursing and managerial, has been carried out without the slightest hitch or dis agreement, and the financial condition of the institution is, if not precisely of a pleasing character, yet a good deal more so than might have been expected in these depressed times. Moveover, certain material improvements have been made. *** But as regards that financial position, all is not beer and.skittles. Had it not been for the extra aid afforded by two or three outside movements, the hospital would have been in a sorry plight at the close of the past year. A sum of £250 was thus added to the funds. The inoome proper for the year was smaller than usual; a circumstance probably again traceable to the hard times. So far, then, there is no need to cry out much. *** But there is need to cry out, loudly and em phatically, in regard to the culpable, the al most criminal negligence shown by the resi dents of the outlying districts in the matter of supporting their and our chief charitable institution. If the figures quoted by one of the speakers at the late meeting are to be relied on (and he was certainly able to speak with authority), it is putting it mildly to say that, our friends and neighboura have not done their duty. Quoth the speaeor in question: 'If they omitted; Mr. Gee's and Mr. Terry's contri butions a £10 note would cover all the sub scriptions outside Parramatta.' Yet only about one third of the admissions came from Parramatta; out of 41 typhoid cases, the borough contributed 12 and the surrounding country, 29 (crack this nut, oh ye detractors of Parraraatta !,) and out of 21 diphtheria cases more than half came from the country. ll that for a £10 note! Quoting that same speaker again, 'He trusted that this would strike the people's conscience, and that they would help beteor in future, ' And so say all of us ! But wouldn't it be just as well, if the managing powers of the institution took some really practical steps to ensure augmented aid from the suburbs? *** That energetic individual, McLelland, who seems of late to have made quite a decent thing out of his raids on railway trucks, smiled serenely, and offered his heartfelt thanks to P. M. Brooks on Monday, when he was let off (in the second case against him) with the lenient sentence of three months' imprisonment. The energetic one had evidently expected more. Unfortunately for himself, but fortunately perhaps for his fellow-citizens, he is not out of the wood yet. There is at present another charge against him, and as the value of the goods involved is £20, McLeIland won't get the chance of being summarily dealt with. *** There is just one feature of these cases, which may be dealt with shortly, and that is, the comparative facility with which this indivi- dual and his companion managed to get rid of their plunder. True, one Granville hotel- keeper declined to deal, but in other cases there was no hesitation. The persons concerned had their reward? It may appear a highly profit- able transaction to purchase Hennessy's Three Star brandy at 3s 4d per bottle, but in the long run it may not turn out quite so advantageous. Verb. sap. *** The Parramatta Police Court officials have just received from the Government Statisti cian an acknowledgment of the receipt of cer tain annual court returns, which have, in accordance with the law, to be furnished. The authorities down below (this is not to be misunderstood) appear to have gone out of their way in signalising their complete ap proval of the manner in which these returns have been compiled. Of course every man holding an official position, has a right to be not only perfectly au fait as to his various duties, but also to carry them out in such a manner as to give entire satisfaction. Therefore the local officials can hardly be said to be entitled to special kudos. On the other hand, how many of these and other official returns are so compiled as not to necessitate a return or reference to the sender? *** Mayor Withers seems to have made a last despairing effort to put the sanitary question in Parramatta upon a satisfactory footing prior to his retirement from office; in one re spect at all events. Two meetings of the Council's Sanitary Committee have been con vened within the past fortnight. At the first a quorum attended: a good deal of talk en sued (of course) and a long-standing offer of the Pinhoe Company, with reference to the dis posal of garbage as well as of nightsoil was on the tapis. Equally of course, nothing came of the talk and the meeting was adjourned. *** The adjourned meeting was to have been held on Tuesday last, but it didn't come off. Mayor Withers was there to time, so was Alderman Saunders; the other members of the Committee were non est. There was in attendance also M. Henri de Mortemas, the representative in this colony of the company named. Whether this gentleman was there by request or invitation, deponent sayeth not: the fact remains, that after waiting outside a full hour, he was told to return whence he came, because "nothing can be done now till the new council meets." Is this kind of thing quite fair? At all events is it businesslike? *** No one can blame Messrs. Withers and Saunders for declining to go on with so im portant a matter, although these two gentlemen formed a quorum. Where however were Messrs. Bladon, Thorpe and Co? Their non-attend ance on this momentous occasion speaks volumes as to the genuineness of their desire to serve Parramatta. *** What we like about Mr. Eddy is this: that he makes it possible to the public to transact business with the railways with a degree of assurance formerly very much lacking that that business will be attended to. We hear a lot about capitalistic tyrants and Czar-like masters. But was there ever anything more irritating to the public than the erstwhile tyranny of the porters and guards on our rail ways, who used to jump on the public as they deemed well pleased under kind, easy-going, affable Mr. Goodchaps? Complaints from the public were treated as quite a joke. *** Now the railway official, from the station master downwards, knows that the retention of his billet depends on the way he performs his duties. We congratulate Premier Reid on his re-engagement of the Chief Commissioner. *** If any one expected any good at all out of a Rookwood alderman, the dis closures made by the Treasury official last week about the manner in which the late Council Clerk has beautifully bungled everything, might have been a little startling. The casual observer needed but one glance at both the aldermen and their clerk at work to imagine the chaos and disorder that must ultimately arise. How a man like Alban Gee could have tolerated the slovenliness and neglect right under his very mayoral nose, goodness only knows. We don't blame the unfortunate clerk so much as the men who have wickedly winked at his shortcomings. They all deserve to be kicked out, neck and crop, except the new Mayor Jay, whose intelligence and public spirit were too strong for the other dunder heads to place him in the position he now occupies, which position at the commencement he has signalised so auspiciously. *** Will Parramatta be satisfied at the Commis sioners awarding Dundas ' No man's land?' For our part, we profess a weakness for the new boundaries of Dundas. They make a capital municipality, and the new area will be in good hands. The Dundas alderman know their business, and do it pro perly. There is not a more substantial muni cipality in the colony. The Commissioners ought to have improved the job by including Ermington and Rydalmere in Dundas. *** The resolution carried at the Granville Council on Wednesday evening to increase the salary of the junior clerk to 30s a week, after 3 years' service, directs attention to the junior clerk at Parramatta, who, after 6 years' service, receives 20s, scarecly enough with which to clothe himself decently. Either the junior clerk at Parramatta is filling a position for show, or he is deserving of screw commen surate with his length of service. *** Any mechanic after six years' service would be entitled to 50s or 60s a week. Then, why should the Parramatta Council, so lavish with screws in other directions, grind their unfor tunate junior like this? It happens, too, that the said junior is worth a decent place in any office. Perhaps the Parramatta Council with peculiar fellow feeling, object to recognise any particular smartness or intelligence. Is that so, Mr. Campbell? *** Six transit gloria mundi ! Here's the end of another glorious enterprise, one, too, which bade fair at and even since its inception to fill avoid which had been felt for years. A.L. Hinton, erstwhile secretary of the practically defunct C.C A. and H. association and now acting on behalf of the holders of the overdraft guarantee, the Commercial Bank of Australia Limited, calls in this issue for tenders for the purchase of the abode, horse stables, and all standing improve ments on the show ground. Of course, no one can find fault with the action which has led up to this announcement; the few liberal minded men who stepped into the breach to keep the society going when it was tottering and on its last legs are not to blame to take care of themselves at the evil time. None the less is it a pity that movement, which, with something in the shape of decent support, must have boomed has gone to the wall. *** Within the last few days the National Hor ticultural and Pomological Society, has taken the first steps in starting a new enterprise which may affect the fruit industry largely, and, let us hope, beneficially. Trial ship ments of apricot pulp have been sent to England and to Germany by the society. Ex periments are about to be entered upon also in regard to other varieties of fruit, Japanese plums for instance. Every thing points at this moment to success, but even if that success is not at once obtained, the matter is in the hands of zealous and intelligent men, who will look on one or two possible failures merely as object lessons, and go on till they produce better results. *** Had something of this spirit ruled the pro ceedings of the now defunct Fruitgrowers' Union, that body would long ago have made an honored name for itself, instead of having become an object of scorn and derision, before it gave up the ghost. This matter of finding new outlets for our surplus fruit was the very object, at the attainment of which the Union's energy and money should have been directed. The former was expended in talk; the latter in furnishing a snug littlo sinecure for one favored individual. The Union's coffers were hermetically closed, when the judicious ex penditure of a few pounds might have opened up a bright vista for our growers. Almost the only man who had the forethought to see that new outlets were, above all else, needed, and the pluck to attempt providing them - Mr. C. B. Cairnes — was blocked constantly by the illiberality and parsimony of his colleagues. —Certainly, the money was wanted elsewhere. 