THE REUNION OF CHRIS TENDOM. CARDINAL MORAN REPLIES TO HIS CRITICS. Cardinal Moran. in blessing tbe founda tion-stone of the additions to St. Mary's Church. North Sydney, yesterday after noon, spoke at length in reply to various criticisms upon his lecture on the re-union of Christendom. Referring to the recent statement by Dr. Goe, the Protestant Bishop of Melbourne, to the effect that he wished "our people In Australia might come to know more of tho 16th century," his Eminence said that be fully concurred in that sentiment. Nothing was nioro de sirable than that tho young Church of Australia should become acquainted with tho genuine history of the Reforma tion period. In England, so far as tlie Catholic Church was concerned, history for three centuries might justly be styled a conspiracy against truth. During the past 00 years, however, the publication of State papers aud other original documents had brought the genuine facts within the reach of the general public, and nothing \vas more to be desired than that tlie authentic history should be known. As to the state ment of the Bishop that, thanks to the Re formation "their forefathers secured those civil and religious liberties which we en joy." ho joined issue with lilm. That statement was the usual travesty of his tory, which Protestant writers had pre sented to the English-speaking world. Far different was the witness of authentic his tory. As a result of the Reformation in England tho liberties of the nation were trampled on and the whole well-being of the community was thrown back for fully 200 years. It remained unquestionable that so far as. the Reformation could reach, it aimed a deadly blow at English free dom and cheeked for two centuries the progress, education, and enlightenment of the people. Historical research during the present century had brought into the clear est light that throughout the middle ages Rome was the bulwark of orthodoxy, the exterminator of error, the cementer of unity, tho advocate of peace, the defender of the weak, and the promoter of the high est civilisation. Dr. Goe's statement that the Catliclic Church was the enemy of the Bible, and that in the sixteenth century it made a bonfire of ail the Bibles she could find, was a mere calumny against the , Church, and it would bo difficult to devise a more vile misrepresentation of her ac tion in regard to the Sacred Scripture. The Church in the sixteenth century, as in the preceding ages, untiringly and persevering- ly directed her efforts to preserve in all Its purity tho genuine text of the Scripture, und to make Its blessings accessible to the faithful in accurate and authentic trans lations. The aim of tbe first Reformers was quite the reverse, for they did not he sitate when an occasion arose to corrupt the text and to falsify tho translations of the Bible, which they put into the hands of their deluded followers. Referring to criti cisms as to the unity of the Church, the Cardinal said that Its unity was so perfect as to win the admiration even of those who were most hostile to her, and it was a feature of the Church most clearly traced for thein in the Sacred Scripture. Tho mystical body of Christ — which was his Church — could no more be divided or cease to ho one than Christ himself. It was that unity that made the Church invincible. It was her aureola of glory. It linked the faithful . of to-day with the Apostles and glorious martyrs and all the great saints of every age. It bound into one the Church that nursued the paths of trial and- pil grimage here below with the Church that exulted triumphant before God's, throne. No matter what enemies assailed her, tho Catholic Church rested calm and . unmoved, conscious of her divine reunion, quickened, as she was, by the divine life, and guided by a divine power. Dr. Sattmarez Smith, the worthy Protestant Primate, in Ms syno- dical address, asked It the Catholic Church would "allow them to have the Holy Scrip tures for arbiter In religious questions, in stead of the Pope?" Now, nowhere in sacred writ would they find that the office of the Supremo Arbiter in religious matters was assigned to the Bible. To assign such an office to the Bible was a mere assumption of Protestantism, put forward as a flimsy pretext to justify In some manner their revolt against the authority of the Holy Church. The Catholic Church could recog nise no Supreme Arbiter, save such as was given by our blessed Lord. They contended that the Church in its divine constitution as it came from tho Redeemer's hands must continue till the end of time. For many a long day after the institution of I-Ioly Church, the Gospels were not writ ten. Two generations of fervent Christians had finished their pilgrimage, and won their eternal crown before St. John wrote his inspired narrative. Without any Scrip tures. tlio teaching of Christ was written on the hearts of many nations. Taking the Scriptures as their guide, they must look to St. Peter as the arbiter should any controversies arise. He received the keys of the kingdom, and thus was invested with the supreme spiritual authority. Hence it was that he. and he alone, was looked to by the Catholic Church as the supreme authoritative tribunal, whose judg ments set all controversy at rest, and whoso voice the faithful were hound to obey. They might well appeal to the wit ness of experience to test what the result would be were the Bible given, In accord ance with the Primate's wishes, as the ar biter in the religious disputes that might arise. Tho Sacred Scripture was set up 300 years ago by the various Protestant sects in Germany as a i supreme tribunal, from which there could be no appeal, and Irom the very first It proved to be a fail ure. The same use ot the Bible led to the same unhappy result in England. They saw continual changes of opinion regarding the doctrines of divine faith and countless sects every day multiplying within the An glican Church, while there were no fewer than 700 sects in England, all appealing to the Scripture and all claiming to be the legitimate offspring of the Reformation. In the ranks of the Anglican Church to-day. as in tho various sects of Protestantism, on tho continent of Europe and in the United States the principles of "high criticism," anil with all an indifference to supernatu ral religion and infidelity, rilled supreme. Alluding next to the statement of the Rev. G. M'Innes, tlie ex-Moderator of the Pres byterian Assembly, that it the infallibility of tho Pope were proved "they would all join the Church of Rome," his Eminence said that that was most fully provod in Catholic works, and a shorter method would he for ltim to invoke the testimony of the Catholic Church. Here was the guarantee from the Divine Redeemer that in the teaching of truth and the fulfilment of the commission given to her, she shall not err nor lead others into error, and that that might he attained she was unceasingly as sisted. protected, and guided by tlie Holy Ghost. What St. Irenaeus taught In the second century held no less true to-day — "through tho Church is the one changeless way of salvation made manifest to the world." It was the teaching oi the Catholic Church that tho Pope was lieir of St. Peter's privilege, and that when ill the exerciso of Ills supreme spiritual authority he ex cathedra defined u doctrine of faith to be believed by all tho faithful, he could not lead them into error. It was the same authoritative voice of the Church which gavo them the Sacred Scripture as divinely Inspired, and which proposed to them the doctrine of the infallibility of the Head of tho Church, and it was illogical on tho part of their Protestant friends to accept oue of those truths and to roject the other. 