Religious. The Great Liberator. By the Late Rev. C.H. SPURGEON. At the Metropolitan Tabernacle, Newing-<*> ton. "If the Son therefore, shall make you. tree, ye shall be free indeed."— John v[?] 8«. Blessed is that word " free," and blessed is he who spends himself to make men so. Political slavery is an intoler able evil. To live, to think, to act, to speak, at the permission of another ! Better have no life at all ! To depend (or my existence upon a despot's will is death itself. But men may have politi cal liberty to the very fullest extent and yet be slaves. He who la not ruled by politician or priest may still be controlled by the devil or by his own lusts. Our carnal desires and inclinations are do mineering lords enough, as those know who follow out their commands. Perhaps there are those present who claim liberty for themselves and say that they are able to control their pas sions and have never given away to im pure desires. Ay, a man may get as far as that in a modified sense, and yet not be free. Perhaps I address those who, knowing the right, have struggled tor it against the wrong. You have re formed yourselves from follies into which you had fallen ; you have by diligence brought the flesh somewhat under, in its outward manifestations of Bin, and now ypur life is moral, your conduct is re spectable, your reputation high ; still for all that it may be that you are conscious that you are not free. Tour old sins haunt you, your former corruptions per plex you ; you have not found peace, for you have not obtained forgiveness. You have buried your sins beneath the earth of years, but conscience has given them a resuiTection, and the ghosts of your past transgressions haunt you. Ye have not yet come to the full liberty of the children of God, as you will do, if you cast yourselves into the hands of Jesus, who looseth the captives. "If the Son therefore shall make you free, ye shall be free indeed." Now, this morning may the Lord give his servant help from on high while I try to talk with you. : I. First, dear friends, our text rings a nwett stiver bell of hope in the ear of those who are imprisoned by their sin. Freedom is possible : the word "if implies it. The Bon of God can make the prisoner free. No matter who you are, nor what yon are, nor how many years you may have remained~th« slaves of Satan, the Son, the Glorious Liberator, can make you free. "He is able also to save them to the uttermost, who come unto God by Him." Perhaps that which weighs upon you most heavily is a sense of your past guilt. " I have offended God ; I have offended often, wilfully, atrociously, with many aggravations. Can so foul a sinner as I am be made clean ? I know that the leopard cannot lose its spots, nor the Ethiopian change his skin by his own efforts. Is there a power divine which can take away my spots and change my nature ?" Sinner, there is. No sin which you have com mitted need shut you out of heaven. You may have gone to the very verge of perdition, but the arm of God's grace i& long enough to reach you. You may sft to-day with your tongue padlocked with blasphemy, your hands fast bound by acts of atrocious violence, your heart fettered with corruption, your feet chain ed fast to the Satanic blocks of unbelief, your whole self locked up in the bondage of corruption, but there is one so mighty tc nave that He can set even you free, "All manner of sin and blasphemy shall be forgiven unto men." " The blood of Jesus Christ His Son cleanseth us from all sin." I think I hear one say, " Ah ! but if I were saved from past sin, yet still I should submit to the power of sin again. I have a wolf within my heart hungering after sin, which will not be satisfied, though it be glutted with evil. The; in satiable horseleech of my lust ever crieth, ' Give, give !' Can I be delivered from it T I have been bound with many resolutions, but sia, like Samson, ' has snapped them as though they were but green withs. Can I, qan Ibe saved from all these propensities, and all this inbred corruption ?" My dear friend, there is a hope for thee, that thou mayst be. If thou believest in the Lord Jestis Christ that same blood by which sin 1b pardoned enables man to overcome sin. They in heaven washed their robes and made them white in His blood, but they have another note in their song—they over came through the blood of the Lamb. Not only wer"e they delivered from, guilt; but from the power of sin. I do not tell ydu that ?n this life Christ Himself will make you perfectly free from indwelling sin : but the neck of sin shall be under your foot, God shall lead captive .. the great Adonib^zek of your lust, and you shall cut off his thumbs, so that he can not .handle weapons of war. He shall never have reigning power over thee— you shall be free from sin, to live no longer therein. Qh ! that blessed word "if !" How it sparkles ! It may seem but a little star ; may It herald the dawning of the Sun of 'Righteousness within you—" If the Son therefore shall make you free." But I think I hear another exclaim, " Sir, I am in bondage through fear of death. Go where I may, enjoying no assurance of acceptance in Christ, I am afraid to die. I know that I must one of these days close these eyes in the slum bers of the grave, but oh ! it is a dread thought to me that I must stand before my God and pass the solemn test. I cannot look into the sepulchre without feeling that it is a cold, damp place, I cannot think of eternity without remem bering the terrors which cluster round It to a sinner, ' where their worm dieth not, and where their fire is not quench ed.' " Ah, but my dear friend, if the Son make you free, He will deliver you from the fear of death. When Bin is pardoned then the law is satisfied, and when the law is satisfied then death becomes a friend. The strength of sin is the law ; the law is . fulfilled, Ugufr strength of sin is broken. The Btlng of death is sin ; sin is pardoned, death has a sting no longer. Come, soul, if thou trustest in Christ, this " if" shall be ho if, but a certainty to-day—the Son shall make you free indeed. . I dq not think I can bring out the full value of this liberty by merely speaking •of the evils whioh we are delivered from; you know, brethren, freedom consists not only in a negative but in a positive—we are not only free from, but we are free to. We hear of persons receiving the freedom of a city. This implies that certain pri vileges are bestowed. Now "if the Bon therefore shall make you free, you shaJJ be free indeed," in the sense of privilege —you shall be free to call yourself God's child, you shall be free to say, " Abba, Father," without rebuke ; you shall be free to come to His knees with all your trials and tell him all your griefs ; you shall be free to plead his promises and to receive the fulfilment of them, too. And when you die, you shall be free to enter into the rest which remaineth for the people of God ; free of the New Jerusa lem which is above ; free to her harps of gold and to her streets of joy ; free to her great banquet which lasteth for ever ; free to the heart of God, to the throne of Christ, and to the blessedness of eter nity. Borne who were grossly guilty* some who had far gone astray have nevertheless enjoyed the fulness of the blessing of the gospel of peace. Look at Paul ! No man enters more into the mys tery of the gospel than he ; he had free dom to do so ; he could comprehend with all saints what are the heights and depths, and know the love of Christ which passeth knowledge, and yet it is he, It is he who once foamed out threat enlngs, who sucked the blood of the saint; It is he who hated Christ, and was a persecutor, and injurious ; and yet Is he free from evil, and he is free to all the privileges of the chosen of God. And why not you ? And why not you ? Woman, tottering and trembling, why should not, why should not the Son make thee free ? Man, tossed about with many doubts, why should not the great Liber ator appear to thee ? This is the testi mony which comes to thee—O that thou wouldst receive it!—" He that believeth on the Lord Jesus Christ hath ever fasting life." IT. Beware of False Liberty. Every good thing is Imitated by Satan, who is the master of counterfeits, and hence, liberty—a word fit to be used in heaven, and almost too good for fallen earth has been used for {he very basest of purposes, and men have misnamed the devil's offspring by this angelic title, We have in spiritual matters things called liberty wJiich are no liberty. There is Antinomian liberty—God deliver us from that! A man saith, "I am not under the law of God, therefore I will live as I like." A most blessed! truth followed by a most atrocious Inference. Paul says of those who argue thus, their damnation is just. We have had the pain of knowing some who have said, " I' am God's elect ; Christ shed His blood for me ; I shall never perish" ; and then they have gone to the ale house, they have sung the drunkard's song, and have even used the drunk? ard's oath. God deliver you from any such freedom as this ! There is another kind of freedom of which we must all be aware, it is a notional professional freedom. " Free ! yes, certainly we are ; we are the people of God," say some ; not that they have ever passed from death unto life ; not that vital godliness Is a matter they understand. No ; "we always went to church, or chapel ; we have never stop ped away in our lives ; we are the most regular of religious people, and we were baptized, and we go to the sacrament, and what is there that we do not do ? Who convinceth us of any sin ? Ah! but, dear friends, a man may think him self free, and be a slave still. Christ must have come to you and shown you your slavery, and broken your heart on account of it, or else you are not free ; and you must have looked to the wounds of Jesus as the only gates of your es cape, and have seen in his hand the only power which could snap yo,ur fetters, or else, though you have professed and re professed, you are as much slaves of Satan as though you were in the pit itself. Beware, I pray you, of heredi tary-religion. A man cannot hand down his godliness as he doth., hia goods ; and I cannot receive grace as I may receive lands, or gold, or silver. "Ye nvust be born again." There are many, too, who have the liberty of natural self-righteousness. They have fanciful, unfounded hopes of heaven. They have never wronged any body ; they have never done any mis chief in the world ; they are amiable.; they are generous to the poor ; they are this, they are that, they are the other ; ttierefore they feel themselves to be. free. They never feel their own inability; they are not emptied from vessel to ves sel ; their confidence never wavers ; they believe themselves all right, and abide in their confidence. They do not stop to examine ; their delusion is too strong, and their comfort is much too precious for them to wish to mar It by looking to its foundation ; so they go on, on, on, sound asleep, till one of these days, fall ing over the awful precipice of ruin, they will wake up where waking will be too late. This is the position of many. They are very good people in their way ; they do their best, but what is their best ? It is the offspring of the flesh" ; and that which Is born of the flesh is flesh, "con sequently their best endeavours only make them slaves in the house, not sons ; only he who is born by faith according to the promise is the free Isaac and abides in the house. The day will come when God will say to every member of the Christian Church, and all who profess religion, " Are ye children by faith in the promise or not ?" For if ye are «mly children according; to the flesh He will send you back again into the wildernosn. There was a custom, observed among the Greeks and Romans, that when a man died, If he left slaves, they went as a heritage to the elder son, and if the elder sonsaid, "Some of these are my own breth ren, although they be slaves, I therefore pronounced them free," they would be free. So, dear friends, If the Son shall make us free, we shall be free indeed. If Jesus Christ, the great Heir according to the promise, the great Mediator whom God hath created heir of all things, by whom also He made the worlds—if He shall say to us who are as Ishmael, " I make you free," then we are free Indeed. God give you to enjoy the glorious liberty of the children of God. Hl.—True freedom comes to us through Him who is, in the highest sense, " the Bon." No man getteth free except as he cometh to Christ and taketh Him to be his all in all. Heal liberty cometh from Him only. Let us think awhile of this real liberty. Remember, it is a liberty righteously bestowed. Christ has a right to make men free. Bethink thee bow dearly this freedom was purchased. Cbrl?t speaks it by His power, but He Btill bought it by Hlb blood. He makes thee free, sinner, but It is by His own bonds. Thou goest clear, because He bare thy burden for thee. See Him bear His agony—" Crushed beneath the mill stone of the law, till all His head, His bair, His garments bloody be." See Him yonder, dragged to Pilate's hall, bound, "whipped like a common felon, scourged like a murderer, fastened by those cruel fetters which went through His flesh to the accursed wood. See Him yielding up His liberty to the dungeon of death ; Ihere the Mighty One sleeps in Joseph of Arimathea's tomb. Dearly did He purchase with His own bondage the liberty which He so freely gives. But, though dearly purchased, let us take up., that key-note—He freely gives it. Jesus asks nothing of us as a preparation for this liberty. He saveth sinners just as they are ; Christ died not for the right eous, lput for the ungodly, and His mes sage is grarce, pure grace, undiluted by a single condition or requisition which God might make of man. Just as you are, trust your soul with Christ, and though there be in thee no speck of aught that is good, He will save thee and give thee perfect liberty. Dearly hath He bought It, but freely doth He give it, even the faith by which we receive is the gift of God. \- It is a liberty which may be instantan eously received. The captive goes first through one door and then another, and perhaps a hundred keys must grate in the wards of the lock before he feels the cool, fresh air gladening his brow. But it is not bo with the man who believeth. .The moment thou believest, thou art free. Thou mayst have been chained at a thou sand points, but the Instant thou be lievest in Christ thou art unfettered as the bird of the air. Not more free is the eagle which mounts to his. rocky eyrie, and afterwards cntsoars the .clouds. You may have come in here a slave, and you may go out free. God's grace can in a moment give you the con dition of freedom and the nature of it. He can make you say, " Abba, Father," with your whole heart, though up to this day you may have been of your father the devil, and his works you have done. We are told in tropical lands that the sun seems to leap up from under the horizon, and the dead of night is suddenly turned into the lustre of day : so on a sudden doth God's grace often dawn upon the darkness of sinful hearts. Tou have seen, mayhap, at times after showers of rain' have fallen upon the earth, how land which seemed all dry and barren was suddenly covered with green grass, with here and there a lily full in bloom ; and «o a heart which has been like a desert, when onoe the shower of Jesus's grace falls on it, blossoms like the garden of the Lord, and yieldeth sweet perfume. You who have given yourselves up in despair, I charge you hear me, when I declare, that my Lord and Master, who has broken my chains and set me free, can break yours too, and that with one Wow. Mark, that if this be done, it is done .for ever. When Christ sets free,- no chains can bind again. Let the Master say to me, " Captive, I have delivered thee," and it is done.. If He be our de fence, who shall be our destruction ? Gather ye, gather ye, gather ye, all your hosts together, ye who are the foes of God and the enemies of man, and come at once with concentrated fury and with hellish might against my spirit, but if God acquitteth, who is he that condemn eth ? Who shall separate us from the love of God which i« in Chri?t Jesus our Lord ? Yon black stream of death shall never wash out the mark of Christian liberty. We will shout victory when we are breast-deep nmidst the last billows, and grapple with the king upon the pale horse : we will throw the rider and win the victory in the last struggle, according as it is written, " Thanks be unto God, which giveth us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ." " Where the Spirit of the Lord is there is liberty." "If the Son therefore shall make you free, ye shall be free indeed." IV.—And now we put round the ques tion, are we free then this morning ? Are we free ? I will not answer it for you, nor need I just now answer for my self, but I would beseech you to make a searching Inquiry into it. If you are free, then remember that you have changed your lodging>-place, for the slave and the son sleep not in the same room of . the house. The things which satisfied you when a slave will not satisfy you now. You w6ar a garment which a slave may never wear, and you feel an . instinct within which the slave can never feel. There is an Abba, Father, cry in you, which was not there once. Is it so ? Is it so ? If you are free, you live not as you used to do. You go not to the slave's work, you have not now to toll and sweat to earn the wages of sin which is death, but now as a son serveth his father, you do a son's work, and you expect to receive a son's reward, for the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. One thing I know, if you are free, then you are think about setting others free ; and if thou hast no zeal for the emancipation of other men, thou art a slave thyself. If thou be free to-day, thy spirit is longing for the time when thou shalt see the great Liberator face to face. I would we were all free; but if we be not, the next best thing I would is that those of us who are not free would fret under the fetter ; for when the fetters are felt, they shall be broken : when the iron enters into the soul, it shall be snapped ; when you long for liberty, you shall have it; when you seek for it as for hid treasure, and pant for it as the «tag for the water brook, God will not deny you. " Seek, and ye shall find ; knock, and it shall be opened ; ask, and it shall be given-yeuv**" ~ God lead you to seek, and knock, and ask now, for Christ's sake. Amen. ■ 