PRIMITIVE METHODIST CONNEXION. ANNUAL ASSEMBLY'. Thc annual assembly of the Primitive Methodist Connexion continued its sittings yesterday. Four additional delegates were present. Tho business of examining reports from the stations was proceeded with. A considerable discussion took place upon thc discontinuance af services in outlying dis- tricts by one of thc circuits, in consequence of thc difficulties of supplying them, and thc meagre financial support received. Thc feel- ing of thc Assembly was that the spirit and genius of Primitive Methodism is to use every means to reach thc scattered popula- tions with the Gospel, and a resolution was carried, on thc motion of the Kev. J. Huckle, continued. A letter was received from thc Brisbane Ministers' Union conveying fraternal greet- ings to thc Assembly.-It was ordered that it be acknowledged and a record made of it. The question of "slutiou decreases" was then considered and thc reasons assigned therefor carefully scrutinized. Most of the decreases were accounted for hy removals. Nine of thc stations report decreases amount- ing in thc aggregate to sixty-one members. Thc next busiuess was thc consideration of the Committees' reports. Thc District Com- mittee's report was received and adopted. Thc Probationers' Examiniug Committee's report showed that three probationers, in theirfaurthycar-namely, Messrs. \V. Shenton, J. E. Everitt, and M. W ebster had gaiucd tho necessary number of marks in their examina- tion, and as they had acquitted themselves creditably during their probation, they were j recommended for reception into the full Ministry. Applications for some relief in thc matter of supporting ministers were made by Bris- bane UL, Ipswich, Kock hump ton 1., and Redland Bay stations. In regard to the application from Brisbauc III,, it was decided "That this meeting cannot see its way to accede to the request of the circuit in relieving them of a married preacher, but pledges itself to do the best it eau for them in the station- ing." The application from Ipswich for relief from a second mau, and also that of Rock- hampton I. with a similar request, were deferred to a later stage of the meeting. The application of Redland Bay to leave the station without a minister was not acceded to. The application of Brisbane I. circuit for thc reappointment of the Rev. J. A. Taylor for mere than a third year was granted, and a similar application from Ipswich was also acceded to. A request from tho Brisbane IV. station for the reappointment of the Rev. J. Addison, who has not been absent for the re- quired term of years, was not granted. Applications from East Brisbane and Mackay stations for the reappointment of the Rev. 1'. Aston and thc Rev. I. Weir respectively for more than a third year were granted. The name of the Veresdale station was, at the request of the station, altered to Logan and Albert. The first reading of thc stations was then proceeded with, and resulted in thc following appointments of the ministers : Brisbane District Circuits :-Brisbane I., J. A. Taylor, J. Buckle (sup.) ; Brisbane H., X. Castlchow : Brisbane III., M. Foggon ; Brisbane IV., J. Williams ; Ipswich, \V. ¡Smith ; Bundaberg, VV. Powell ; Gympie, S. Larkin ; Fassifern, A. Harding ; Laidley, fi. T. Lloyd ; Howard, C. WesToy and J. Moorhouse ; Crow's Nest, J. Currah. Missions :-Maryborough, M. Webster ; Toowoomba, A. H. Stokoe ; Caboolture, W. Little; Logan and Albert, T. Thatcher; Eidsvold, J. E. Everitt ; Tiaro, W. Shenton ; Hedland Bay, J. Addison ; East Brisbane, P. Aston. Rockhampton District Circuits:-Rock- hampton I., W. Faulkner; Rockhampton IL, A. E. For : Charters Towers, T. R. Lawley ; Cooktown, J. Adamson; Herberton, R. Newell ; Mackay, I. Weir ; Mount Morgan, J. Prowse ; Barcaldine, T. Powell ; Long- reach, W. H. Greenwood. Missions :-Cairns, T. Nock ; Emerald, J. Foster ; Croydon, R. T. Snaith. j In the evening an ordination service was held in the Fitzroy-street Church, at which a large congregation assembled to witness the reception of three yoong men into the Ministry. The Rev. P. Aston presided, and in introducing the candidates spoke of bte pleasure fn being able to bear testimony to the value of their work during their term bf probation, which bad extended over a period of four years. He then called in succession apon Messrs. W. Shenton, J. E. Everitt, and M. Webster, each of whom responded by relating their Christian experience and call to the Ministry. The Rev. M. Foggon gave the charge to the candidates, in which he counselled them to remember their high calling and the importance of their work. They were to guard their flock, tending and caring for the people like a true Bhepherd ; to feed them, which sometimes they might have to do with unpalatable truths. They should remember they were not men plcasers. They were also to care for themselves, to discipline the heart, prepare the brain, train themselves in Christian virtues, and guard against many dangers which he indicated as peculiar to the Ministry. They must look to the Holy Ghost for fitness for their work ; if they had been called by Him they were truly in the apos- tolic succession, and would be divinely quali- fied. The Rev. W. Faulkner offered the the ordination prayer, after which Mr. Aston welcomed the three candidates into the Ministry in the name of the Primitive Methodist Church. A number of other ministers also extended a welcome in a similar way. Afterwards the Rev. J. A. Taylor delivered the charge to the church, in which he counselled the laity as to their duties in relation to thc ministers in their work, to sympathise with them, support them by their presence, co- operate with them in their efforts, pray for them, and help to rill the church by invitation to others. He warned them against judging a minister's work by the results of sensationalism, they »mst remember that spiritual work was not to be tabulated. A very interesting meeting was brought to a close shortly before ten o'clock. This morning the first business is the dis- cussion on Methodist Union. 