IN -PARLIAMENT. Whon (lio Homo mot yesterday Kr. Reid pro- mised Mr. Knox Hint ho would postpone the granting of hind for n wharf at Bradltiv's Head till tho public had had an opportunity of judging of tho desirability of the concession. Mr. Millen presented an ironical petition praying for local government or tho exemption of tho municipalities from a land tax. Mr. Griffith ga'vo notice of his intention to movo for tho appointment of » Publio Defender in all capital cases, and Mr. Haynes expressed his in- tention to movo for tho abolition of capital punish- ment. Mr. Slcnth wished to know whether, nu ex-niemlicr was in tho hnbit of travelling on tho trams free on tho strength uf his Parliamentary reputation, but Mr. Heid had not heard of this colossal fraud, lint his faith in human nature, especially in Furlia uieuttiry human nature, was too great to enable I him to credit the rumour. Mr. Gould said that tho man Johnson, whoso naroo has been I prominent in thc Butler conspiracy case, would not bo placed in solitary confinement. Mr. Angus Cameron had the first place on tho business-paper with his notice of motion for tho construction of a railway to the eastern suburbs of Paddington, Woollahra, Waverley, und Knud«ic!;. He dwelt upon tho present necessity for railway communication and tho futuro groat expansion of Sydney. Circular railways, as they had them in tho cities of tho old world, were wanted, for. thoro was no city of equal sizo in tho world so badly ott for rail communication. Mr. M'Elhono was bitterly op- posed to tho schenio altogether. Thc sort of suburban lino that ho wanted to soo started was ono to Walgett or tho Queouslnnd border, but he would have noue of this pandering to tho pcoplo of a few suburbs. Mr. Haynes mourned that tho last speaker should hara insinuated so many unworthy motives to tho author of tho motion. What ho wanted to seo was a general railway construction policy brought forward, for then tho country would got a ohance. That was what was wanted. Thccouutry languished whilst tho eily and suburbs were honeycombed with 'buses, trains, aud rail- way lines. Then Mr. Haynes produecii his reason for opposing tho railway. It was that tho most potent faolors in opposition to u land tax woro tho townspeople. Mr. Storey supported tho motion strongly. Ho referred to tho "free, pure, health-giving air of heaven " which would be obtainable by the masses if tho lino wero built. Mr. Neild supported the motion, being careful to explain that his motives were purely disinterested, as his constituents would not bo affected by a lino-they wero already well provided for. Tho Minister for Works showed tho impracticability of tho lino at present. As a proliminnry of n lino to tho eastern suburbs they must havo a linc to ICing-slreef, and that ho showed had been estimated to cost £1.50,000. Then a Hue to Rand- wick and Waverley would coat £7ll,OOO, and these amounts wero irrespective of tho resump- tions, which had been computed at £350,000, but which ho thought wcaild como to thrco or four times that amount. When tho railway policy of tho Government came under consideration tho linc would not. bo forgotten. Por the present tho motion should bo withdrawn. Tho suggestion was not taken, but 8 o'clock, and the motion was seer, no moro. Tho debate on tho Financial Statement was resumed by Mr. Seo. Tho inevitable justification of tho financial policy of Iiis Government whilst in power occupied a few minutos, and then the Treasurer's system of debit- ing proportions of publio works expendi- ture over a period of 30 years was severely cuudcmiied. Tho sinking fund departure was merely a method of getting rid of an obliga- tion and passiug it on to posterity. By a feat of legerdemain, said Mr. See, uncon- sciously punning, tho deficit had been alto- gether . obscured, anti then Mr. Reid had appropriated tho saving of tho lato Government in regard to tho road vote. Dealing with tho figures for 'Oó-'flO, tho estimated surplus for June of £181,137 was chiefly to como from tho hated Hibbs duties. But tho most important part of tho statement was tho item " special appropriations," whioh it was shown in tho esti- mates would absorb £2,S9G,300. Rut they wero only asked to provide £2,712,002, which meant tho carrying on of ono year's obligations to another year's accounts. That was tho virtue of tho " cash basis " system, said Mr. See scorn- fully, and it was neither fair to tho public nor tho House. There was no saving-only juggling. Then thoro was tho sum set down under the heading of drawbacks, but that would bo : greatly exceeded, becuuso directly tho merchants found tho now duties in forco they would oxport bulk goods, claim tho drawback, and reimport them. Put hero tho Premier broko in to explain that drawback could not bo legally claimed unless tho Customs ofliciala were assured that tho goods were genuinely for export. But Mr. Soe's contention was that once tho goods were exported they could never bo identified. There- fore the sum of £00,000 in excess of tho estimate would ho required for rofund of drawbacks. " Il is all anciout history," said Mr. Reid, as tho ex-Treasurer went to tho ghosts uf dead esti- mates and recnlled misty millions from buried accounts wherewith to confuto tho Premier. If tho true state of tho accounts had boen set forth, there would havo beon a deficiency of £131,000. Finally, tho Post Ottico estimates wero under-estimated, and thon, of course, tho now taxation proposals were nil wrong and could end in nothing but disaster. At this point ¿Mr. Reid, who had avoided tho last hour or so of tho financial casti- gation by tho simple expedient of staying outside, cunio back and cheerfully cried "What, the same old merry-go-round?" as ho found Mr. See in apparently exactly tho samo place as when ho I left. " Don't bo insulting," cried Mr. Lyno, and a few minutes afterwards, amidst whirling figures and tho gloomiest prophecies, Mr. Seo subsided. Mr. Storey] was ready to accept every figuro put forward by tho Treasurer, and he predicted that tho Estimates would be rather under than over tho figures stated. No doubt tho Estimates depended entirely on the policy of tho Government being carried out ; but ho entertained no doubt that it would be. Then, after heartily endorsing tho Government nnd all its works, Mr. Store}* suddenly perorated and ex- plained that " tho sanio power that had piled up thc mountains of this fertilo country" had im- planted indomitable courago and lovo of country in tho breast of every Briton, and would directly bear on tho Premier's poliev, with tho happiest results. Mr. Ewing had been forced to tho con- clusion that he must bo brief. He com- plained that £313,000 lind been taken from current expenditure and charged to loan account ; but worse, much worse than this, was tho policy that was going to transfer tho work of tho country to foreign workmen. Tho timo was coining when tho peoples of F.uropean extraction would insist on their workers securing their heritage, which was to do tho work of the country thoy lived in. Finally, it was "¡dio to discuss a policy that would never bo realised "-a conclusion which, it could be wished, woro realised oftener and earlier. Tho Chamber was very baro os the discussion dragged on. Mr. F. Clarke inveighed against a land tax for an hour or so. Ho didn't care what Mill and Adam Smith and Carlylo had said, his "own practical observation was sufficient for him," and tho hon. member florcely dismissed thoso mildowed authorities. Useless stonewalling appeared to bo tho tac- tics of tho next speakers, and whilst Mr. Prico was addressing tho IIouso a curious little brcezo arose. Every few minutes members left enthusiastically, and there was no quorum. In ono of these pauses Mr. Lyne got up toleavo thoHouso, and thu Chnirman, Mr. Farnell, pointed out Hint this was disrespoctful ta the Chair. Mr. Lyno resented tho tono and tho terms, and romarkod that ho "would do just ns ho liked." " Tho honourable member will resumo his seat " came from tho Chair ; but tho honourable member retorted that ho would do nothing of tho kind, and suited tho action to the word by walking ont of tho Honso, requesting tho Chair- man to iuform him who he (tho Chairman) was to givo him orders. In this dilemma Mr. Farnell appealed to tho Premier for support, but Mr. Reid onlysnid, "Let him escape this time." Mr. Prico concluded at Inst, niter which tho re- solution was agreed to without division and read a second time, and tho House adjourned at 12.30 till to-day. TUE Sydney Rescue Work Society reports that luring thu week ending 31st August it provided shelter nnd food foi women aud children ns fol- lows:-Homo of Hope, Stanley-street, Newtown : Beds to women, 122 ; to cluVlrcn, 297 ; nicnls to women, 1205. Opon All-night Refuge, 103 SUBBOX strcat : Bods to women, 302 ¡ to children, 108 ; meals to women, 009, I 