KATHERINE'S VENGEANCE [BY THE AUTHOR OF " PAULINA LISLE."] PART II. CHAPTER XXIV.—(Continued.) " That night was last night, and the soi-disant Dantree returned. Just before nightfall Davis resumed his post under the fir-trees, to watch and wait. He was close to the house, and kept his eye well on the windows. He saw nothing, but he heard an unearthly and blood-curdling a cry as ever came from maniac lips. If the house were not so utterly isolated and reported to be haunted (from those very cries), the keeping of this imbecile there, unknown, could never have gone on this long. It was a hazy, muggy sort of day, sultry and sunless, and at half-past eight was quite dark. There was neither moon nor stars. Taking advantage of the gloom, my detective actually entered the stone porch and examined the fastenings of the door. He found them as he suspected, old and frail— in ten minutes at any time he could effect an entrance. No doubt the windows were the same ; but before he could test the windows he heard bolts undrawn and voices from within. He had just time to dart behind the porch when Miss Herncastle made her appearance—Miss Herncastle, en garcon, and a very flashing young fellow she makes, Davis tells me ; 'black moustache, black evening suit, slouch hat, and a wig of curly black hair. Davis has the eye of a hawk— he knew her instanter. A tall, hard featured old woman followed ; old Hannah, no doubt, once Katherine Dangerfield's nurse, ''It's a daring game — a dangerous game, my child,'' he heard the old woman say, in an anxious tone. ''You'll play it once too often I greatly fear. Let Sir Peter once suspect, and you're caught like a mouse in a trap. He has the cunning of Satan, I know that of old.'' ''We both know it, don't we, Hannah?'' he heard Miss Herncastle say— (there's no mistaking his description of her soft, slow, sweet tones ; the one thing it appears she cannot change), ''and to our cost. Let us see if my cunning cannot over match his now. It's a long lane that has no turning. I think the turning for the most noble baronet of Scarswood has come and he shall find it out shortly to his cost. Do you know the vow I vowed that last night long ago when he insulted me ? ' Living,' I said, ' I will pursue you to the ends of the earth — dead, I will come from the grave to torment you.'' Hannah, I have kept that vow. I have come from the grave— from the very jaws of death ; to torment him. I have separated him from his wife — I have frightened him with ghost- seeing until his own shadow on the wall makes him tremble and turn pale : and last, but not least— I take his money. Six thousand in one night is a very respectable haul. Hannah, let us see if we cannot make it six more to-night. He doesn't know what a severe apprenticeship I have passed to all grades of skill for his benefit. He is paying me back the three thousand he once refused, with interest, is he not? Good-night, Hannah, don't fear for me. After tonight Sir Peter shall have breathing space. Try and keep our poor patient quiet ; this seems one of his noisy nights. And don't sit up for me — there's a good soul. I won't be home until daylight.'' '' A very remarkable and mysterious speech, is it not, O'Donnell ? It struck Davis in that light, and he recollected every word of it ; but, then, Davis has an uncommonly tenacious memory. What do you suppose she could have meant, now, by coming from the grave, and vowing vows, and all that melodrama? Did Katherine Dangerfield not die after all? Was that death and burial only sham ; and is Miss Herncastle Katherine Dangerfield alive in the flesh?'' His lordship looked keenly across the table at his companion. Still the chasseur sat like the marble Agamemnon behind him, his face locked in as stony a calm. ''Go on,'' was his grim response. '' Davis followed, as in duty bound, and saw the personator of Mr. Dantree safe within the baronet's apartments. He hovered about the passage— airing his eye and ear at the key-hole when opportunity presented. They played the livelong night— the baronet more desperately, more recklessly than ever, more like a madman, indeed, than a sane gambler. He drank brandy at a perfectly furious rate— he doubled and redoubled the stakes, and still he lost — lost. He seemed to go mad at last ; an immense heap of gold and bank-notes changed hands. Davis calculates that he must have lost enormously — thousands. He sprang up at last as day was dawn ing, with a perfect shriek of rage and frenzy, accused Dantree of foul play, of being in league with the devil to rob him. Dantree laughed in his face, and swept the gold and notes into his pockets, filling them all. '' I'll take your cheque for the remainder, Sir Peter Dangerfield,'' he said, coolly ; ''eighteen hund- red pounds exactly.'' ''The words seemed to goad the little baronet to madness ; he sprang upon Dantree and seized him by the throat (I say Dantree, you understand, for convenience). The next instant there was a sharp click, and through the key-hole Davis saw the cold muzzle of a pistol held within an inch of the baro- net's head. '' You coward — you bully — you fool !'' he heard Dantree say between his clenched teeth. ''Stand off, or, by the Lord that made me, I'll shoot you, ''Write out the cheque, or------- '' ''He did not need to say more, The Baronet turned a greenish white, and fell back with a yelp of terror. He wrote the cheque, his hand shaking so that he could hardly hold the pen, and passed it with a white face of abject fear to the other. Dantree pocketed it and the pistol ''I shall cash these cheques at Castleford Bank to- day, '' were his parting words, '' and I shall carry my pistol. Don't let me see you anywhere in the visible horizon. Shall we cry quits this morning, or shall I return to-night and give you a second revenge ?' He laughed insolently in Sir Peter's face. ''Ah, I see. You've had enough. Well, good morning to you, Sir Peter. My advice is like Lady Macbeth's, 'To bed ! to bed !' You really haven't the nerve; you know, for this sort of thing. As I've heard them say out in New York, ' You can't gamble worth a cent.' Once more, most noble Lord of Scarewood, adieu !'' ''Davis followed Mr. Dantree back, and saw him safely housed at Bracken Hollow. Then he returned — to report to me and take his necessary sleep. Off and on I have been on the watch myself to-day, but have discovered nothing. I also called upon Sir Peter this afternoon, and found him in bed — his completion yellower than I ever saw it, his wizen face more wizen — a picture of abject misery and despair. He was only too glad to pour his piteous tale into any sympathetic ear. He had lost in two nights thirteen thousand pounds. Enormous stakes, surely. I got the story of the pistol, of Dantree's threatening language, of his conviction of foul play. Personal fear of that pistol alone pre- vents his giving the case into the hands of the police, and having Dantree arrested for carrying deadly weapons and threatening his life. Of his wife or the separation he declined to speak-'-THAT is a minor matter compared to the loss of his money. Now, my idea is, to find Miss Herncastle, prove my knowledge of her infamous conduct, threaten her with the law, and make her refund all, or part, of her ill-gotten gain. Then I shall make its restoration, and her exposure the price of Sir Peter's peace with his wife. I see no other way at present to patch up matters between him and Ginevra.'' '' And that will fail.'' O'Donnell said, decisively. ''You mistake both Miss Herncaatle and Sir Peter if you fancy you can intimidate the one, or trust the other. She will laugh in your face as she did in, his, and defy you, and he will promise whatever you desire, and break the promise the instant the money is restored. That way is hopeless, believe me.'' ''And what is to be done ? Let this nefarious plot go on — let her escape with her spoils — let this idiot remain shut up there — terrifying all who hear him ? O'Donnell, you know more of this extra- ordinary woman than you choose to tell ; in the face of all this, can you still be silent ? It is the duty of every man to hunt down such a woman as that.'' '' That yet to hunt any woman down seems hardly a creditable or manly thing. And Sir Peter Dangerfield and Gaston Dantree may have rightly earned all that has befallen them. I believe all you have told me of Miss Herncastle, and yet with out being particularly maudlin or soft-hearted, I don't feel disposed to sit in judgment upon her. Wait, my lord ; give me time to think. One's head whirls after all this.'' 'What is that you said about the bona fide Dan tree's picture ? I would like to see it if you can procure it. Who has it ?'' ''I don't know that anyone has it, but I fancy my sister may ?'' ''Your sister !'' ''Yes — Rose. Your lordship will recollect she's from New Orleans, and I am aware she knows this Dantree. She did not speak of it— it was not necessary; and his acquaintance, as he turned out here, was hardly a thing to boast of. It still wants a few minutes of eleven,'' he pulled out his watch. ''She may not have retired. I'll run up to her room, if you like, and ascertain.'' Lord Ruysland signified his wish, and the chasseur ran, three steps at a time, up the broad, low stairs. He tapped at his sister's door. ''It is I, Rose,'' he said. '' If you are up, let me in.'' The door opened immediately ; Rose, in a white dressing-gown, brushing out; her long, dark hair, stood before him. ''What is it ?'' she asked. ''I forgot to ask you, when I promised to hunt up this fellow Dantree, if you had any portrait of him. Of course it is necessary to know what he is like, and no description is equal to a likeness. Have you one ?'' She bent her head and moved away to her writing case. Out of one of the drawers she procured a card picture wrapped in silver paper. She placed it in her brother's hand. ''It is — it was a most excellent likeness. Any one who ever saw him once would recognise it. Redmond, have you heard — is there any news of \------'' Her voice died away. ''I will tell you in a day or two. I have reason to think he is not dead. As yet, of course, I know nothing positively. In any case you are safe from him, Rose.'' He was looking at the picture as he spoke. A photograph softly tinted — finely executed. In all its brilliant beaute du diable, the fatal face that had wrecked the lives of Marie de Lansac and Katherine Dangerfield looked up at him from the card — the pictured eyes alight — the square-cut, perfect mouth half-smiling — faultless almost as the face of the Apollo. As he looked, O'Donnell for the first time could understand and almost forgive his sister's folly. ''A rarely perfect face,'' he thought, ''a face to make a fool of any woman. And to think the end of all his brilliance, all his beauty, should be — Bracken Hollow.' He left his sister, rejoined the earl, now pacing, the library to and fro. In the past twenty years of his life Lord Ruysland had never been fully aroused from his supineness before — never entered heart and soul into anything as he was entering into the hunting down of this young woman. He paused and looked at the vignette, ''It is as I fancied,'' O'Donnell said. ''Rose had his picture. No doubt he favoured all the young ladies of his acquaintance with his handsome face. Here — look and tell me if it is the face you saw.'' Under his outward carelessness his pulses were throbbing with feverish fear. He handed the earl the picture. The next instant he was aroused as the earl uttered a cry of recognition. '' I knew I was right !'' he said, in a voice of suppressed intensity. ''This is the face I saw at the window — the face of Hannah's visitor — younger handsomer, but the same. This picture makes that much clear, at least— Gaston Dantree is the idiot of Bracken Hollow.'' {To be continued.) 