I STORILIGHT; I Tlie MMlist's Boom. I By J- E. MUDDOCK. P.R.G.S. I iutlior of 'From the Bosom of the I Deep,' 'The Dead Man's Secret,' The Story Eighteen Tears Afterwards. CHAPTER XXXI.— (ConiauecL) ? 'Kudolpli Mosse,' -exclaimed the Count, hissing the words out with gava.se passion, 'don't you make life a heil to me, so that it becomes Tinen dumble, for I shall do away with it, but not before I liave scattered your brains. So have a care, and do not exasperate me too far.' Still preserving his cool demeanor, ? and without rising from his seat, H Mosse answered: ''You seem to have B become a very important personage ? all of a sudden, and your language H and manner are commensurate with H your importance. But your bluster H doesn't frighten me, and your threats H I despise. You are too big a coward ? to kill yourself, and if you tali of H killing me I'll make you acquainted H ;ffith the inside of a prison.' H The Count put his hands to his head ? in an agony of distress, and he cluteh ? ed his hair with his fingers as if he I .was going to tear it out by the roots. I 'listen, Mosse.' he said, at last. '1 H have no desire to quarrel with you, H but you must have some pity upon me. ? The 30r000f you shall have to-day, but ? you must leave the house— leave at H once.' H 'No, I am not going to be ordered ? out,' said the other. 'The quarters ? are too comfortable: and, though I H may preach the doctrines of Socialism, H I'll be hanged if I am going to prac ? tice them.' H 'I am not ordeiing you,' died the ? Count, 'I am appealing to you— beg- ? gmg and praying of you — and you must ? heed me. As long as I have got any ? thing you shall share it with me, but ? you must leave me alone — you must ? leave me in peace. You must be a I stranger to me.' ? Mosse rose up now, and as he tossed ? the burnt-up end of his cigarette away ? be saM— ? 'What guarantee have I that you ? urill keep your word?' r ? 'if i fail to keep it you can always ? appear.' I 'True; but I confess I like the quar ? ters, and I feel reluctant to go.' B 'You must go. You know as well B as I do how much depends upon it ? its it is, you have done irreparable ? mischief. T)o not be fool enough to Bj till the goose with- the golden eggs.' BJ 'Well, there's something in what you ? say; but still I don't like to be driven ? out like, a dog. At any rate, I shall ? lot go to-day. I'll sleep upon it. You ? know that if, in the first instance, when ? I came, you had got me this money, ? I should have gone. But you told me ? that it was impossible at present — ? that you had drawn all the money y®u ? could get for the* time being. Well, ? I believed that, ami, being in comfort ? able quarters, I was content to wait. B But yesterday, as you were away, it ? suddenly struck me that I could get ? some money; and, besides, I am ra ? ther smitten with that woman of B jours.' B The Count turned upon his torturer ? like a lion at bay, and, springing at ? him, seized him roughly by the throat ? What the consequences of this en ? counter might have been it is difficuLt ? to say, had not Bertha suddenly ap ? peared on the scene. Two massive ? purple curtains screened the doorway ? that gave access to the salon, and she ? came from behind these* curtains, and ? the reason she was there was this:— ? After leaving her husband she felt ? very unhappy, thinking that she had ? 6poken too harshly to him, and she ? turned hack to salve his wounded feel ? ings with a kiss, but finding he had B gone out on the verandah, she went ? into the salon, intending to call him, ? 'When certain words uttered by him ? to Mosse caused her to pause and lis ? ten, and she heard much *hat had B Passed. And now as she so unexpec ? tedly came on the scene, she was as ? wliite as a ghost, and, under the in B fluence of intense suppressed excite ? ment, she trembled in every limb. ? 'Count, husband,' she exclaimed, ? peremptorily, 'for my sake leave that B man alone.' B Like one who has been whipped, the ? Count shrank back, while Mosse shook ? bimself and straightened his collar. ? Tiiec, addreasHng him, the Countess ? said— B 'Sir, I know not who you are, nor ? 'Vvliat you are, save that you are a ? Vulain. But I wish you to understand ? this distinctly— The Chateau is mine.' ? i am its absolute mistress and owner, Bj an(i therefore I command you, and ?J °Kler you to leave it' ?J Mosse's coolness had left him, and ?J 516 face was scarlet He flourished his ?] ast menacingly at the Count, and ex BJ claimed— B rn'res. madame, I wjll go in due time. ? B«t tie 30,000f I v?a& to receive I ? won't accept now. My price is ? . a00,000f , and I'll budge never an inch I *M I get it' ? Bertha Tittered a. cry, and seemed as | « she was going to faint, so that her ? ansband caught her suddenly in his ? arms ana. carried her into the salon. I But she freed herself from him, aad ? drawing herself up and looking at him I Bternly, she said— ^^ I 'There IS some mystery and some ? rascality here, ana until you have ex ? Plained it all to me I'U be wife to yon ? So longer.' --' I Then she left him standing there as ? K he had suddenly been tramsf armed to ? etone. I GHAP5CE3R XXXII. ? The Count stood for some moments ? perfectly motionless, tmtal aroused by ? a heavy hand being laid on his shoul ? «er. He turned and faced Mosse, wlio ? Was pale now and agitated. . ? 'My worthy Count,' he said, with ? a sneer, 'you have Insulted me, aad I ? Mil make you pay deairly for it' ? .'-kre yon mad?' asked the Count, M aoaraely. ;. '..?'. ... / . 'No; I never was more sane in my life.' : Then why do you act like a mad man? Do you wish to rum me?' ask ed the Count, in an appealing tone. 'I mean to ruin you,' answered Mosse, cold-bloodedly, 'unless you comply with my demands.' 'If your demand for 100,000f is per sisted in,' said the Count, with a des pairing sigh, 'you may rest assured it will not be complied with.' 'Then, on. your side, you may rest assured that I will crush you.' 'What have I done to you to deserve such animosity?' oried the Count 'Done! Why, you tried to throttle me, and a man doesn't generally feel amiaWe towards his would-be as sassin.' 'You stung me into forgetfulness of myself by your reference to the Countess, and I was scarcely respon sible for my act Forgive me. Be generous for once in your life. Accept the 30,000f. Go away, leave me in peace, and believe me, I will not ne glect you in the future.' A saturnine smile spread itself over Mosse's fat face. He had recovered his self- possession and was cool again. He drew his cigarette ease from his breast- pocket and offered the Count a smoke. But liis mind was occupied with more weighty matters ifchan smoke, and .he rejected the offer. So Mosse took one himself and lighted it before jae answered. Then, as he ejected a stream of smoke down his nostrils, 4ie said slowly — 'This matter wants deliberation, and I'll think it over. The thirty thousand is to be paid' to-day, is it not?' 'Yes.' 'Well, I'll cogitate a bit, but mark this, my sweet youth, should it come about that I go from my word and ac cept the thirty tfhousand, and you are sufficiently well acquainted with me to know that when once I have said a ?thing I stick to it you may make up j-our mind I shall stick to you. If you have opened out a gold mine I am going to share it with you. We are partners in this affair, and I swear to God that if you attempt to shake me off the concern shall be dissolved.' The Count sank into a chair, and covering his face witih his hands he uttered a despairing groan. 'Well, upon, my soul, I declare you are an infinitely greater fool than I imagined,' said Mosse contemptuously. 'Did you suppose for a moment that as soon as I came to know of this stroke of luck of yours*! was going to allow you to enjoy it all alone.' 'No; I thought nothing of the kind,' returned the wretched Count, with another groan, 'but I thought you were dead, or, failing that, that you had lost all trace of me.' Mosse laughed coarsely as he ex claimed — 'How loving you are, my Count. You thought me. dead, and hoped so. Eh? Well, you see you have made another mistake. Your whole life has been a mistake, you know. In the present instance your light was not to be hidden under a bushel— at any rate, so far as I was concerned — and, as you have chosen your course, you cannot .be £o unreasonable as to suppose that I should not take advantage of your rascality.' The Count looked up suddenly with an angry flash in ihis eyes. 'Oh, you don't like the word,' said Mosse scornfully. 'Well, I suppose it's in accordance with human nature that rascals don't like to be. told that they are rascals. But, at any rate, you wouldn't like me to call you a saint Because if I did I should be a liar. Your title as a bit of very thin veneer, and it only needs to be slightly scratch ed to show that you are no better than you ought to be.' The Count groaned again. These probes and thrusts evidently (tortured him. He rose at last— sprang up sud denly to his feet— and in a husky, ialf choked voice said— 'Spare me your jibes and jeers. We'll drift to perdition together if you like, but at least you should, have the common sense to see that by making exorbitant and unreasonable demands you are rendering everything impos sible, and you will only end by doing yourself out ot a. good thing, and ruin ing me.' 'Well, there is something in what you say,' Mosse returned, 'iand I'll think the matter over.' 'Will you take the thirty thousand and leave the house to-day?' demanded the Count Mosse 'tapped his forehead with his finger in a thoughtful way and after some reflection answered^ — 'Yes, I wilL' The Count breathed a sigh of relief, and said quickly— 'Good. The money shall be paid to you, and I will try to make some ar rangement that will satisfy you for the future.' As (there was nothing more to say he left him, and went straight to his wife's room. He found her weeping bitterly, and, throwing himself at her feet, he clasped her hands, and ^ex claimed— 'Bertha, forgive me for the misery I have caused you. Have pity upon me, for I am stricken to the heart, and ?tortured beyond the expression, of ?words.'' Site pushed him away angrily, and asked— ^'Wibo is'43iis man Mosse, and 'what is the power lie holds over you? Re member I am your wife, and I have a right to be in, your confidence. Unless *here 5s-some very dreadful secret be tween you arid 5n*m you should not hesitate to tell, me all Deception; can. gain you nothing, while frankness may knit us together again. At any rate, until, you have cleared up this mystery, I ?will keep my word, and /be wife *o you only in aiame.' He seemed overwhelmed witii eon fusion, and bit bis nails in puzzled distraction. Then -he turned to her, and, assuming a somewthat oommman ding tone and the air of one who felt as If he flaad been wronged, Jhe eaid— 'Bertha, yon are pretty iard upon me, and perhaps I deserve it I ought to have told you when Mosse first: came ihere 'what the relations -were be tween us. In nay military days I was A 31*&e; reckless, and perhaps wild. I .used to play cards a good deal, I am sorry to say, and this man lent me money at exorbitant interest. I left Mayence in his debt, and as he lias got ?to know that I have married well, I suppose 216 /thinks to blackmail me by threatening to expose some of the fol lies of my youth. There, are you satisfied?' 'is Hhat all?' she asked, looking1 at him incredulously. 'Yes,' he answered, but betraying guilt of conscience by Ms manner. . The interview was interrupted by the entrance of a servant with a note ad dressed to the Count He opened and read it. 'This is from mamon,' lie said. 'She asks me to go at once to Beau Sejotur^ and receive -the thirty thousand francs, as she has nobody at present she can send with it.' 'But what about Mosse?' the Coun tess asked. 'He has consented 'to accept the amount and leave.' 'Where is he now?' 'I left him on the verandah.' 'Go round to maman at once,' she said, 'and hurry back.' He was only too glad of the excuse to get away, but before leaving the room be wanted to kiss her. She re pelled him, however, saying— 'No, not yet The breach is not quite closed between, us.' He seemed surprised and chagrined, but, shrugging (his shoulders and bow ing, he said — 'Very well, as you will, Bertha. Au revoir.' A few minutes later she went to her window, and saw Slim going down the carriage-drive. She watched him until he had passed out of the gateway, and had proceeded along the high road un til a bend hid him from her view. Then she went to her glass, straighten ed her hair, and wiped her face, and, throwing a lace shawl over her head, she went to the verandah. Mosse ex pressed ?'surprise at seeing her, and his eyes named up as he gazed on her beauty, for beautiful she really was. He rose from ihis seat, and offered her a choir. She did not accept it; did not thank him, but, drawing a. little away, said — 'Herr Mosse, I have come with a definite purpose. My -husband has gone out, and, taking advantage of his absence, I have come to ask you what there is between, you and him?' 'Nothing very serious, my dear,' Mosse answered with a leering smile. 'Address me with respect, sir,' she answered, angrily. 'And if it is no thing very serious, as you say, then you have tried to bully us into subjec tion. If he really owes you thirty thousand francs— and I am charitable enough to suppose that you and he speak the truth on the subject— you shall be paid, and when you have got your money you must leave here in stantly, and I shall hope never to see your face again.' 'Well, you are at least candid,' said Mosse, 'but if you'll permit me I'll make this remark— it's hardly worth your while, to make an enemy of me. I have spoken, lightly of the connection between me and the Count, but, after all, it is not a very light mater. I could if I choose tell you something that would startle you, but you know you cannot expect to get much out of me if you treat me with such an utter want of respect' 'You are a devil!' exclaimed Ber.tha, allowing Iher feelings to overcome her, and scowling at him with disgust and anger. 'Yon are a beautiful witch!' he cried, and with a sudden and agile move ment he caught -her in his arms and kissed her. She uttered a shrill scream, and two of the domestics ran in to see what was the matter. The Countess twisted herself free from Mosse. Her face was brilliantly scarlet with anger, and her eyes were filled with fire. 'You filthy dog!' she exclaimed with passion. Then, turning to the sur prised servants, she said, 'Summon the coachman and gardener here, that this insuffesrable hlackguard ihay be turned out.' 'Stay,' said Mosse sharply. 'If you do that you'll curse the day you were born. I'll- crush and break your pride in a manner -tJhat will astonish you, and you'll never again be able to hold up your head.' The man's words startled her. They seemed to her ominous. She felt frightened of Mm, for the idea forced itself upon her (that he was possessed of some knowledge in connection 'with her husband that it would be more ifiuan. unpleasant to have made public. 'Til leave my husband to deal with, you,' she remarked, 'but I won't con tamina-te myself by remaining 5a yonr presence another moment' She hastily withdrew, making a mo -tion to *he servants to follow her. Mosse seemed tajfcber disconcerted. 'So, so, my pretty fiend,' he mutter ed angrily. 'I am a filthy dog, am I? Well, ni take some of that starchy pride out of you before I have finished with you, just as sure as you ttiave got a !head on, your shoulders.' About three hours later ithe Count re turned. He found his wife greatly agitated and distressed, and witihout any reservation she told Mm all that mad happened, concluding by saying— **If you are a man, if you ihave any respect for your own. honor and for me, you will horsewhip him and tack him out of the house. At any rate, unless you prove to me *hat you are not Ms slave, and mot in. abject fear of bim, I -will cetorn «to_tny' mother's bouse, aaid I will drown myself rather than, live with, you agajn.' * 1S\b Count -was dramfounded by her determination and unusual anger. He tried to reason with her, but she would not listen to him. She taunted* him with being afraid of Mosse; with, hav ing sold himself to Min body -and souL Under -these taunts iie grew desperate and, fiuidt&f;.'.''39iea''2ie wemt to ibis room and seized &is; riding-wMp, and sallied forth, ii search of Ma perseea fcor. He found Mm on bla favorite lounge on the verandah. The Count drew ; froin Ms pocket a roll of motes amoaniLag to thirty $housaxid francs. He tkrew &te; toUto M«aae'« face, &sd; ? '?-.??? . * ? ? ? ? ? ? flourished iflie whip over his head in an excited manner. 'What's the meaning of this?' asked Mosse, displaying some slight alarm. 'It means that I will kill you rather -th&n; be persecuted by yon, or allow tfhe Countess to be subject to your insults.' 'The Countess!' sneered Mosse, witti a scornful laugh, as lie stooped, picked up -the roll of notes, and placed it in his pocket Losing all control of himself, and maddened by the sneer, the Count dealt Mosse a violent blow witli his whip across the face, raising an ob lique livid wiieal. Mosse was startled and staggered, and 'his face assumed the hue of pipe clay, wihile his under lip quivered as if acted upon by electricity. When, he had recovered Suniself a little he hissed fiercely — 'You idiot! This blow shall cost you dearly. By the living God in heaven, I'll utterly ruin you. You have made an enemy of me, and not all the money you can command shall purchase my friendship.' He hurried away. The whip toad fallen from the Count's hand. He seemed dazed and stupified. In a few moments his wife appeared. Her presence seemed to recall ihim to Ihis senses, and with a passionate wail of despair he threw himself prone on the couch, ^nd, burying his face in his arms, wept (To be continued.) Eight-hour Art Union, The art union in connection with, the Eight-hour Demonstration -will be drawn at the Trades Hall, Goalbnrn and Dixon streets, on Saturday afternoon at half-past 2 o'clock. The winning numbers for the principal prizes will be published in the « Evening News.' 