1 5*nssy in the Corner. CiUb nrn Bubj^ct to mout of the diacassa ?whioU ofilict tbii human nico, tind will fro quently ' catch '? n fevuv f mm itti oiok inifl tn-HHor little playmate. When it oat BeohBO dark comor, negltots her toi!ot, nnd han a hot noeo, nho is Bin); and, a trilling roniddy now will prevent somo moro ocrious dinordor. /i ouy oas Buouia uuvu raw hiuil unuu u day, in tho morninf?. At nifiht give her q hearty meal of worm brnad oud millc, or gravy in tho plaoo of milU. Alv/nyfl ro mambor a oat will ont most anything, if it bo warm and wall moistoned. llavo milk or wator whore nho can got it, and iu d oloan dioh, tor Mru. Puaa io dainty, and will ooorn to drink duEt-covored milk or wator aa quiokly aa you would. A oountry oat, who haa plontyofout-dooro, ohould havo moat twioo a dn,v, a picoo bd big an an ogg each time, and cut into mouthtnln. Kidnoy or livor ia thoir favorite, but too muoh of tho latter or o! oysters may o&uoo; diarrhoea. They rnuot havo graoa and plenty of it j it ia aa nocenoary to them an oalt in to us. It' would pay in tho oity to raise grnon and oat nip in a box for tbeso psts. Should a oat bo attaokod with fltB or con vulsions, throw ovor her a shawl or rug to prevent damage to horself or furniture; a whifl of ohloroform, othor, ammonia, or, look ing thouo, an ouion froshly out, will often givo relief. Should abo oontinuo to cry pito ounly,lwith cyos wide.opon and glaring, pro toot the hands with glovoo, graop hov firmly in tho nhawl and with a sharp pair of soiaaora onip tho end of tho oars; n few dropo of blood will bo sufficient ; let hot istny in a cool, dark plaoa, and for several daya feed sparingly with warm bread and milk. One of the moot valuablo remedies tor oatn and small doga is sweet oil. Ouohnll tablo spoonful in their milk in soldom rof used. In oaoen woro poisoning is suspootcd it io .tha boot and oortainly tha caniest remedy. For inflamed oyoa apply a wash of warm milk or weak borax and water. A oat will oaSoh oold, flnoBzo, and hiive all tho Byrnptoms of influenza ; greaao tho upper part of her none and administer ono-half teaspoon 0! castoria or baldam ; if sho haa a Bora throat wrap it with a flannel wot with Arabian Balsam and keep her away from tho children. Cato with kittens should not bo roughly handled or frightoned, or sho will miscarry or Duffor during confinement. Do not kill all hor babies; leave her tit loast ono until buoIi timo an it can cat other food than ita mother's milk. Should hor kittonB die and the mother ouffor from nwolled breasts, rub them with camphorated oil or even warm lard, and give acouito and bolladonna alter nately. Some peoplo and dootors aro ashamed to prescribe for oats, but there oan bo no loss of dignity in auoha humane aot. PuBBy will bo a silent ghost gliding through the house, or ehe will bo an intelligent, af feotionato friend (not a nlave liko a dog), no cording so she is negleoted or loved and oared tor. I oannot close without n protest against tho cruelty of leaving a cat to 'get its own .living ' wbilo tho houoo is dosed during tho BOmmer montha. Givo her shelter, and pay tbo butaher and milkman to feed ber, if there ia no friend or home where the oan be oarriad. 