THE LA'ST INMATES OF BAR. FORD CASTLE. Ax old castle, time-worn, moss-grown, and neglected, but still retaining traeoos of its foriner magnificence. Who has not seen or at any rate road of snob a place, and is not able to picture to him. self its majestio front, its gloomy tar. race, the widoe.spreading trees whose interlacing tope line the broad avenua that leads to it, the echloing hall with its esoutcheons and carvings, and an? tiquated anitse of rusty miil, and the great rambling rooms and passages half lit up by the sunrays that hardly pierco the narrow windoweP Everyone is more or less acquainted with some reminiscence of a bygone age, and often associates with it some wild legend of the past, a vague rumour of haunted chambers, a tale of blood, or a story of ghastly apparitions strolling about at uncanny hours. Barford Oastle belongs to Lady Adderley, relict of the late Sir Hugh, a cold, stern, childless woman, with a strange education, and a child.drilling mania, who for want of a victi~p of her own whereon to exercise her powers, has adopted the orphan child of an African missionary. So there in Lady Adderley's morning.room site the little education victim undergoing drill, its hair cropped and tucked be hind its ears, its feet in stocks to keep them from turning in, and its little demure countenance peeping out quaintly from a face-board fastened into a shoulder . strapped steel backed mahobine. For it is her ladyship's often repeated saying that without all this combination of machines no child could possibly grow up otherwise than round-shouldered, or hold up its head properly. But perhaps, as these instruments belong to the days of our grandmothers, it may be advisable to describe tihe face. board. Strapped behind the shoul doers is a steel rest for the head, some thing like that used by photographers, and closing down in front so noas to take in the nface, is a frame lilke a large battledore with the parchmoent cut out, the hole being just large enough to show the extent from the middle of the chin to that of the foroe head-no more. Maud Hnziewood had sat there over since breakfast, patient and prim, going through tlhe usual routine of history and geography, grammar and arithmetio, in their driest and most unpalatublo forms; and there she will sit to-morrow at the same hour doing the same things, and the next day, and the next, for Lady Adderley lilkes monotony, and calls it system. But poor little victim Maud I No wonder she is an odd child, a cold, self-contained child, some said, an un. grateful child, according to Lady Adderley. But bland had another side fo bher oharacter that Lady Adder ley never sew, and never will see, nor would she understand it if she did see it. SBervaruts are not numerous at Bar ford Castle. Au old butler, a tall footman, and various fomtalo domes ties are perforce kept for the honor of the house of Adderloy; but they have little to do, for her ladysehip is frugal in her habits, and not fond of entertaining company. The servants, however, following thebo manner of their kind, are and shbw themselves, keenly alive to the dependent position of the little penniless orphan, and greatly begradge her the title of "Miss " - " a poor missioenary's daughter, indeed I" Lesons are over for to:day, face board, stocks, and other instruments of educational torture are laid aside till to-morrow. One o'clock dinner, served with all duo pomp and for reality by the pompous butler anud the tall footman, is over, and Lady Adderley, after repeating a long grace in firm, measureod ncceuts, has given the order for relaso after her etereotyped fashion.-" Mmud, you may take your exescise about tihe grounds till four o'clock." Quietly and demurely the little old-fashioned figure with its close cropped hair slips out of tle room, the little facoe direppears into the remote distance of a poko bonnet, and creaking heavily tlhe great oakeu inail-studded door opent to lot thei little victim out. Out, among the trees end flowers and ferns and mossoe?; out, among the singitg birds and humming insects; out, iuto heaven's light anid sunshline, and soft summer breezes; quicker and quicker grow the footsteps; brightoer and brighter grows thie eyo; tte poke bonnet is hung on a low branuch of one of the graund old troos; and the new little Mmmud, not at all like tlhe one we saw in Lady Addorloy's morn ing-room, lieoa half.lhid in the long grass antd ulender wild flowers, flicked all over with thie ohequeored light which the suu throws in its struggles with the leaf shladowo. The birds eing to her, and the inseoots humn to her, and time flowers and forns and long grase bond to her as the soft breeze poses over them, and far away voioon whisper to her things unutterable and but half understood. Little twelvo year- old Mand is not despised or lonely hero I It is evening in the old canstlo, andi Maud is alone in a round, tile-floored room, the tiles painted with Scriptural soonos anud portraits of the twelveo Apostles. Nobody else caores to go into that room. It is very high up almost at tie top of the castle-tower -and tihe wind whenou it Ilows roars nd whirls witlh mournful wail and angry ehriek round tihe tower-chamber, malking it ill the gloaming a place of horror to be sltunlod and gossiped ,nlt. !1!tt only from the tower chambaer ain you eeo the sn set over the western hIills, and no sight is so glorious to little Maud as that sight. Look at her an shll tuools at tile loop hIolo window with tear-filled eyes, parted lips, and oh?p'lsl hands, and talks, sturely not to here?ii, but to her guardian anugls, to the " great clotd of witunotsn " iu whoso eyes perhaps the little lonely one is not without interaect. "Thero's flihat goldeilon cloud I raw il moy idream. I lay on it and sngoel carried ito corners, and it floated vwifth runo into that flood of light; andtl there wre voion6s lilke the song of birds, sweoot and clear, saying plansont things and thalt they loved lie. Oh II wish they'd say it now for I've nothing to love me but the old grey osstle and the great kind treeo that let me lean against Ithemn and spread their arms over me to shelter me and to cover the birds. Oh I I wonder whether the angels in the golden country over there love me. I think they aol I I know tlhey are there I" Hargrave Adderley, her leadyrhip's nephew by marriage, is heir to Bar ford Castle. Sir Hargravo is just thirteen, a delicate lad, with thlt un natural pretty texture of skin about which people are wont to exclaim, "mark my words, that child won't live to grow up ;" not that he is one of your superlatively good boys, who proverbially are amongst those whom the gode love and who therefore die young; but folks are fond of being oracular, especially about boys who are at all unlike other boye. His father died a mouth before his birth, and his mother-weak, indolent, nud full of grievances-hans done her best to spoil him between her petting and her neglect. His tutor is an old bookworm, who lookls as if be might hIave been dug out of the ruins of Ninevebh, or fished up from the inner recesses of the Great Pyramid during a soearhb for ancient curiouitiees, and who maintains and professoes a sub lime contempt for anything and every thing modern. From him the heboy has picked up a smatterinlg of miisecol laneous knowledge. He has read Fox'o Book of MrtyrSr , The Lives of the Early L'erietians, and sundry other bookls of the same stamp, lie is well up in the catacombs, and Ileowes the Orn sades by heart. For tho refst, his range of kInowledge is sparse and superficial. Slight aud fragile of form, narrow of face and broad of forehead, with coal-black hair and eyes of still and shabdowy deplthe, ocasionally kindling with a fierce, swift gleam, he is not altogether a ple?asnt-looking boy, this young Sir Hargraveo. Usually placid and dreamy as he is, once rouse his anger and it bursts out terrific in one so young - for he has never learned self-control--lhits slight frame trembles, his face grows almost livid, his hands olench convalsively, sand his eyes flash with tbhe flash that tells of tho inward volcano. " Leave him alone," says his mother, " and do not provoke him;" and loeve him alone they did right willingly. How it happened -no one loew, but possibly it was from a stern sense eof duty to her dead husband and his heir, that one day Lady Adderley sat down at her snatinwood pigeon-holed bureau and ponued an opistle to the mother of young Sir Hargravo, inviting that young gentleman to Barford Ca6tle, so that he might become acquainted with his fhturo inheritanoc. Rtailways were in their infancy iu thos days, and the good old- fashtioned travelling carriage afforded the general meauns of locomotion. Tlere, tlherefore, tile distance of twenty.tives mil?es having been accomplished iu reasonable time, stands the coacht at the castle door, emoking hloraes, postilion, valet, and all. The butler, extra powdered, and the footmnu, at least an inch taller, stand to receive the young baronet, who enters to meeoot his aut. " How do you do, Aunt 2" he says, in a semi dlefiaut, semi-listless tone, nothing abeshod by thle august female's pro. essOec, stately in swveeping black velvet dress, while gnipare cap, and vol minous black lace shawl. " How do you do ? you are welcome to Barford Curtlo," returns the aunt, with a stately bond and cold shako of the boy's proforod hand. This grootiug over, the oonversation between aunt and nophow is not animated; and, ceromony not being in bis line, the boy soon leavoe the " preseuoo " and takes to examining the suits of armour in the hall, and the etainod glass windows on the stairs, and Boon fiuds his way to Mnud'u tower. Maud has beon drossod in white in honor of the occasion, not iu olear white musliD, but in uome thick white stuff that olings to the figure; nud sho is there, as u11al, watOling her belovod over varying, gloriously tinted floooo on thi sky of departing day. Never did theo sau sut with greater glory, never did theo louds cliuter aroundi him moro lougingly, never did they glow nud melt from briglhtet orimsou to palost pinky lavender, more than on this evening, an1d never did blue eyes sparkling through toars of eostasy watch the wonder of nature with suol unutterable longing. No wonder MIaud did not hear theo p pronobing footntops I The boy was oloso to her, but she know nothing of it, and talked on in nll nnoounoiousb noes. He( otood, rooted to the spot, liteoning, with eyou kindling in answer to her fInoies and outhnsiaem. " Good night, dear Huu and worlds and angols," onded the little girl, turning away with a sigh, as the last palo gleam died molting into twilight groy; and thou as she met the fixed gaze of the boy, a orimson glow that might have been the reflootion of the snneot she had boon watohing, oovered her face and nook. "Don't mind," naid the boy, eagerly oathoing her hand. "I kuow who you are. I've hoard all about it. We'll be friende, for I've felt all that, only a little differont, about the sunset. I somotimeo feiny I see orowds imarolh ing to the Holy City, and those scudding groy oloude are the people and the sun is the oity; and whou they've conquored all sorts of dragous and suouste're-l've eeon them too in the olound, haven't you ?-wiuuing their way bravely towards the sun, brightening alnd brightening as they draw uoarner, anld u last getting into the glory." So they boonme fast friends, those two, and, shared the towor- ohlamlor and the loaly eliadeo and their thoughts together. " Wore you over out on that torrace by moonliglt 2" asked thb boy one evoning. " No, nevor, I dareu't," ianisworod the ntitonished little maid with witlo open oyes. " The windows of the library open on it, and I can undo thom. 'Would you be afraid to o0mo aufter overyone is asloop ? You could go to bod withl ont nndreabilg, nnd I'll k0ook at your door. You jump up and como out witlh m, won't you p" "Oh I" was all that camo from little Maud; and then there was a long silence. Suddenly, with energy aud radiant face, she exclaimed, "I will; mind you como; I shall hIar tho irt knock; I shan't be asleep." At midnight there came a stoalthy light stlep cautiously ascending the stairs, and ta gentle tap at one of the bedroom doors; and in ia muinuto or two a couple of childish figurea hanud in hand crept silently along and were shronded in the black darl:nese of iro library. Another moment, and as the shutters opened and let in a flood of clear cold moonlighlit, they reappleared snharp and ditielnct, and, flitting through the open eindow, rau out, again hanud in hand, upon the terrace. " I'll tell you now," began the boy, " what I wouldn't tell any one else, anid could only tell even you out here. Do you know I think I'm somoetimes possessed with a devil, like that boy thire Bible speaka about. I getinto such rages I could tear tihe people that provoke me to pieces. I feeool somnic thing rising-rising within me. That's the devil. Mind you never tell any one. Promise I" " Never, dear Hargave." " Well, one day I stayed out till very late, anid came home alone by moonlight. I'd boon in a rageo with my old tutor, and had run away over the hills to get calm and cool. Our avenue is not a bit like thie. There are no tall shady trees--nothing but close clipped walla of evergroeen with lower borders, all light anrd naked, and thickly gravelled with loose, noisy grarvel. \oWell,just as I got into the avenue, I saw a tall man dressed in black a few yards in front of me at leaet I saw his back. I walked quicker to try and cetch him and see who it could he, but whether I wanlked fast or slorly it umado no difference. He waos always exactly the came dis. lance ahead of me. Suiddenly it etrrok me that he made no noise walking on the grarvel, and nothing was to be heard but my own footstep. My heart began to flutter and I called out, ' who's there ? atop I' Tihere was no answeor--not a sound to be heard in the still modulight. With my heart thumping I ran as quickly as I could till I reached the flight of stone ntops leading up to our hall-door; but there it wan still, at the nsame distance from me, with the face, or rather a something ghastly rwhite and indis titat whelire the face should hIave been, turned towards me. 'It is the devil I wars possessed with to-day,' I said to myself, and rneoling on the doorstep in mortil terror I prayed to be for given, and that it might go away, and never come near me again. Before I had risen from my Inees it was gone. Maund do you think it hae gone alto gother " Thle childroen had paused in the black shadow of a laurestina that boent over the ledgo of the terrace, and sit. tinc: down on h10 parapct the boy dro v his arm proteootingly round the girl's) r Cohou d rs, oul he have seen the wild terror in the blue syos booeside him he would have repenouted his foolsh and ill-timed ooonfidonue. Her favorite ejsculation " 01h I " was all she could utter in ansuwer to the last question; but every qnivoring loeaf, and every deep shadow, filled her with an undo lined dread. Foolish children I Why does not somebody, ollor and wiser, hunt them in with plenty of good wholesale scolding-the more voluble the hbetter ? But the older and wiser people are fast aeleop. Lady Addorley ne!ver felt the slightest inolinstion for Aolsc vagaries when she was a ohild, neither did the old butler, nor the tall footman, nor any of the femalo domes. ties; so how could they be expected to guard the children from the dangers, mental and bodily, attending them ? And thus they slept on unconsoious, while in out of the moonlight, onoc again swallowed up in black darkness on the stairs, and into their respective rooms, crept the two children of Bar. fordl Castlo. With hands tightly olasoped and open eyes and faao pitiful to think of in its uunohildlike expression of patient trror lay little Maud after the mid. night walk, waiting for the morning. But as ahsI lies and thinks and says her prayers to try to drive away what seemsi to her distorted imagination like some hideous dream a still small voice seUms to whlisper to her words that recall faIith and trust, a soft son tiding emile steals gently over her frec, and calmly she drops off to sloep. The moriow finds the same little face peering through the same old fIsoo- hosrd, but more patient and goeutlo than over. Lady Adderloey, you are not an unkind woman--rather you are an immoculate woman in your way, doing all you know how to do for the poor little orphan, You have n senose of justios too, for you have not loft her witbout provision in ease of your death, and the legacy she will receive is ample to eaop her above want, nay, even to maslt her aooeptablo to those lhard- hearteod uusles of here. But you are an sduoation-routins maohine, a child. drilling mnachino, a Barford OCastlo managing mnaohlino, regular as clook work; and you are not fit to be trusted with the solo oharge of soul and spirit mysteriously allied to flesh and ilood. You know little and thinklt loss about those things and their eo- rolation. So patience oonquers wearinoess, the routine is gone through, and night comes. oluoonlight comes again, irnd again there is a light footstep on the stairs, a low tap at tho door, doubled footsteps descending, and child figures hanrd in hand on thbo gloomy terrace. lBut not always of ghosts is the conversation. Little Mand is talkiing low and softly and the boy is listesning, "I'll toll you," lse sayn, "what I lknow ,bout my father. I think he was something lilke your rusaldorn, for hle wrent out inlto a far country to conuer infidelity. My mcamma was the daughter of a colonel. Tlhat'a somssthin:g grand, I bhelieve. It must have brer, for thlit grandpapa was very proud, Well, alho wanted to leavee trandl)hIh and go away with paps to help to teash tc heathoen black ipeople, anid lend them to the goldsn land over there that we ore from thei toweor wiidow, you lknow; but graudpapa wouldn't lot her, no sohe ran away with papa iu the middle of the nighl, and grandprpa unever caught her ageain; aind then 1 wes born, :el five 'yeer after my .:rurma dir.l. Papr eaul me to Eaghind, but neither of my two uncles wauted me, w o Lildy Adlderley tookli me, and papa dietd, hilled by the blaecl:s wrhile preaching to them, just like one of thei martyre you read about. Ie died in a place they called a jungle. Tirat' a wilder neEs, I a?ppoEo. I don't r IMoW any thing more about papa and mramma." " I'll tell you whiat," answers the boy with finhing eye:, " all that about your frther makes me think of our double creet in the stained glass win dowr on the etair. IHaveo yiou noticed it ?" "Oh, yeal 1. know-the twisting dragon withi tho epear through him and flames coming out of hie eyes, and thie cross with the laurel crown on top of It, anud that Latin motto undlerneath that means 'I've fought and I've won,. " Ys, that's it, and I meani to fight something eomehow." " And then you'll have a right to tihe laurel crown, for that means victory, doesn't it ? But I amr a girl. and can win no victories." "Yes, Maud, you can," says the boy, " eomething like tihe victories tihe early Christians won when they were driven into terrible desert plains and caves and holee in the earth. Satan used to come to them in all sorts of shapeo and tempt tbem, and try to frighten them." The little hand in hris trembled, and holding it tight the boy went on-" But I dare say be won't come near you, for your guardian angels won't let him." Another night of sleepless terror wae again bravely fought against and cronquered, but a still more weary little face peered through the face board next day. One more night on the moonlit terr:ce. Blacki clouds are seudding over the facs of the moon, making eudden darkaness and sudden light, low moanings amongst the trees as the wind gathers struength, then a fieorce blaset swooping along the terraco, and threatoening to blow away the ahild figures and whirl them high over the parapet and down on the wall thickly strewn with autumn leaves. For summer has gone, and still young Sir Hairgrave lingers at Barford Castle. " Come up to the tower- hobamber. It will be grand there," says the boy, as both children crouch down to lot theo blast owoep over them. Hand in' hand they go, toiling up the tower staircase, till they reacnb the chamber. The storm is now a.t its height, roaring and whirling in mad fury round tihe tower, The moon has disanppeared, and black darukness cover everything, till there darts suddenly a vivid flash of lightning revealing for a moment a little trerubling, shrirnking girl, cling. ing in wild terror to a pale slight boy, eandrl a timid quavering voice, only audible during the thunder pauses, crying out " Oh, Lord Jesus, talke care of us, and don't let the devil come near I" Poor little Maud, it is only an autumn storm. It is over now. See, the moon in shining out again, and the night is calm and elear. Buit the trembling wron't go away, and thie little heart won't stop thump ing. So Hargrave says, " Got into your bed, dear, and I'll sit beside you till you are asleep." But it takes a long time to go to sleep after that tower business; so he site beside the little white- eurtained bed till his head drops on Malud's shoulder, and her arm winds round bi neck; and so the morning sun streaming into the room found the two little children. Toen years have gone by with all their obanges, Little Maud lies in the churchyard, and over heor sleeping body is reared a small temple-litke bliilding which enoushrines and protooets from wind and weather a beautifully executed monument of an angel child lIaning against a crose, with one arm thrown lovingly round. The other arm is raised and ii tbo fingers is clasped a laurel crown hanging on the erose. The smiling face, full of triumph, is raised towards heaven, whilst under her feet and under the cross lies a speared .dragon writhing in death agonies, and in goldenr letters on the podestal is writton, " Mnaud Haclowood, age 14. ie thour faithfiul unto death, and I will give theo a crown of life. Rov. ii, 10." Away out of thie visible into the in viable I Gone, the little figure with all its faults ind all its virtues I Gone, the stately dame, the black velvet dress, the gunipure cap, and the flow Uing laoo shall, never to be oseen again in combination by mortal eye I Passed into the grant unseen, into the land of shados, or of substance whereof this is the shade I Oat of tho romantio high-flown visions of glory never to be roealiod, roase a fixed determination in tho mind of the young baronet for an army lifo. Some glory might porchaneoo be won there--it was worth trying for at nall events. Many would say the glory wans dearly purohased,for he fellin the pride of his first manhood on the heights of Alma, chooring on his mon with an exultant smile on his faoe and the old gloam in his eyn. They, carried him off the battle-field with the triumphant smuilo on his dead faece, softened and oxalted by the solemn calm of death; and, eoarching his pooket-book for papers, they found nothing there but a stiff, straight huncuoh of fair hair wrapped up in a piece of parohmont, and written on the parchmont those worde: "Maud Hanzlowood'e hair-to be huried with meo if I fall in battle." lMore desolato, more moss-grown, more niegleuted is tihe old cantle now, for the now owners (a distant branoh of the Adderloy family) have a oheery, pleasant country' oat that has be. longed to them for generations, and oaro nothing for the dismal, weird old aootle that has fallen to them. Thim heavy oanken nail- studded door never opens now; no child in polhebonnot or othlurwise clad lieo in tho ehequored shado that now falls uninterrupted on tall grasn and elondor wild-flowers; birds sing and inseot hum unteoonded and uncared for; nd on the ghostly, m~oldoring old torraoo no child fiurcle flit hand in hand b. the light of the cluear onhll moon, or if they do, the fignres are not nsubstantial and tihe moon's rays pane thlrough them. Laid anoido in tile old lumber-room are the face-board, stooks, and o·oher iotiti inirtut of rdcd o~niiln torture- tote n~roierntcml of tte poetel nd OOrtv, to; r ooey, tc~yriidd tottling eon end~ tIC'~tieg golden eeod C11~- vie 1uoowe 2-po:rtmopo the boy nod girl of J3or~ferd CerLtIC Pave toot e1Gein C3 Look u t:cn for rowl c~Frriel on Futdny frlou outittod to 11w Nirk fcu Thor.' 