THE NATIONAL SYNOD, SECOND PUBLIC SESSION AT ,ST, MARY'S. DISCOURSE BY ARCHBISHOP o'REILY. The second Public Session of the National Synod of Australia at St. Mary's Cathedral was on almost precisely the same imposing lines as the opening one on the previous Sunday. On this occasion the procession of the prelates at the beginning of the ceremonies entered the seldom-used southern door. The two administrators of dioceses present were : — The Very liev. Anthony otrele, b.J. (.fort victoria;, ana the Very Rev. James Maher (Port Augusta). Occupying seats within the sanctuary were the Hon. Thomas Dalton and Mr. Thomas Slattery (each wearing the insignia of a Knight Commander of the Order of St. Gregory). The Cardinal- Archbishop presided at the Throne. The assistant priest at the Throne was the Very Rev. Dean O'Donovan (of Mudgee), and the assistant deacons the Very Rev. Dr. Bourke, V.G. (of Perth), and the Very Rev. Father Shanahan (of Bal larat). Of the Mass, which was Pontifical High Mass, the celebrant was his Lordship the Right Rev. Dr. Cani (Bishop of Rockhampton). The as sistant priest at the Mass was the Very Rev. Father Walshe (of Townsville). The deacon and sub deacon -were the Rev- Fathers P. J. Walsh and Phelan (of St. Mary's Cathedral). The Very Rev. Dr. O'Haran acted as master of ceremonies, and was assisted by the Very Rev. Vincent P. Dwyer, the Rev. H. M'Dermott,. and the Rev. Reginald Bridge, As it was Memorial Day, in commemoration of ' our deceased prelates, the music was per fectly in keeping with the occasion. With Mr. J. A. Delany at the organ, the Cathedral choir sang excellently Gounod's solemn and beautiful 'Easter Mass.' The principal posts in the choir were occu pied by Mrs. Tierney, Miss Devitt, Miss Stafford, Mr. J. Hiuchy, Mr. D. Clancy, and Mr. W. O. G. Hughes. At the Offertory Mr. Hinchy sang a melodious ' O Salutaris,' of his own composition. ARCHBISHOP O'REILY's DISCOURSE. My Lord Cardinal, Venerable Fathers, beloved Brethren of the Clergy and Laity,— Though our work is with the present and the future, though the business of our Synod is legisla tion, that may benefit the living and — as we hope — may prove profitable to those who are yet to live, still we may venture to turn our thoughts back ward for a moment and interrupt our deliberations in passing deference to the memory of the dead. The scythe of the grim reaper whose mowing is of mortality is always busy. The blade strikes at random, it is true ; but strikes vigorously ; and the havoc made is much. Ten short years have run their course since the first Plenary Council of Aus tralasia met. Ten short years — the gathering seems as but of yesterday — and yet we have to mourn sad and serious gaps in our ranks. To the roll-call of the Bishops three new voices answer where three others, now hushed for ever to the world, either directly or by proxy, spoke out before. Melbourne, Perth, Adelaide profess allegiance to fresh rulers. The Most Rev. James Alipius Goold, the Most R,ev. Christopher Augustine Reynolds, the Right Rev. Martin Griver have gone the way of all flesh. A fourth there was, sage in counsel and as intrepid as he was sage, who keeps them company. Dunedinis no longer represented in the Synods of Australia, but by those, who were privileged to know Dunedin's first Bishop, the memoiy of the Right Rev. Patrick Moran will ever be revered. Are the departed ones lost to us for ever, because no longer here to share our toil and share our cares ? -Forbid the thought. The faith they held, we hold. The hope they cherished, we cherish. The charity, that was as the life-pulse of their hearts, quickens, we trust, our souls. Whither they have gone, we in God's own time are also doomed to go. One with them in work in the Master's wheat-field, one we hope at length to be with them in rest in the Master's home. The merit oi tnose we commemorate lay in tnis. Jttaisoa to eminence within the sanctuary, they bore them selves in all things worthy of their high calling. Charged with responsibilities of the weightiest and gravest sort, thejr supported with unflinching patience their burden to the weary end. ' Eoce sacor dos mat/mis, qui in diebus suis placuit Deo ct inventus cst iustus.' ' JLo ! a high priest who in his days pleased God and was found just.' They were ministers of the Eternal and, with the strain of the fulness of the sacerdotal office upon them, tried so to rule their lives that they might win Heaven's favour, and through the mercy of Heaven's judgments in the great day of trial be approved of as just. The royal road to the divine approval is perfect confor mity to the divine will. We are pledged to our Redeemer's love, if in all thing we do as that Redeemer hath enjoined U3. They are found just who are found walking with unfaltering and un swerving fidelity in the path of the Lord. And of each of those who have gone before, we may say with truth, ' Won cst inventus similis Mi qui conservaret legem JExcelsi.'' ' He was singular in his justice, because he was singular in his observance of the law.' Of that chief command first spoken to Peter were the departed specially mindful — As thou lovest me, ' feed my lambs, feed my sheep.' They knew themselves to be pastors of a' portion of that flock for which Christ died, and understood that the highest proof of devotion to their Master was in a loving and assiduous care of the souls that were His. Their labour had its reward. ' Ideo jurejurando fecit ilium Dominus crescere in plebem suam.' ' There fore, with an oath, did the Lord grant unto them an increase in their people.' By a fixed law, to the pastor's watchfulness and energy corresponds the flock's well- being. Upon his exertions de pends its increase. Safety, it is true, is from the Lord; and if things prosper, the happy issue is to be traced to the favouring protection of His right hand. Equally true, however, is it that He who is almighty of t works through human agencies, and that with a power that knows no limits, He chooses to make its exercise depend upon the free human will. Id these new lands it iB no etrange thing for the flock through the inrush of population and* without effort, therefore, on the pastor's part, to have an abnormal growth. Within the limits even of a single episcopate the faithful will multiply mani fold. The rapid accession of numbers involved in such multiplication will tax the pastor's strength to the utmost ; and in providing promptly for the spiritual needs of the new-comers he will have abundant scope for the display of his zeal. In vari ous measures, it was the lot of the prelates whose memory we recall to be confronted by difficulties of the kind alluded to. If they^met those difficulties as they did, in the spirit of self-sacrifice and. gene rosity; if they saved that faith and piety -which stood in no small peril, and which, but for their efforts, might have been lost, they had much to do with the growth that was granted to religion, and their merit too was much. A life, already existing, saved from the jaws of death, is as a new life given. In Christ's Kingdom, we must remember, it is not heads that count but hearts. A reckoning made by numbers only has in it the elements of deception. In the spiritual sphere bare census returns are by themselves not to be trusted much. Thanks be to God, the hearts of our people are sound to the core. Their ' Credos,' their from the emptiness of lifeless lip-service. All three cries in well nigh a million mouths are the utterances of erring, it may be, but withal humble and earnest and believing souls. Our churches are filled to overflowing with devout congregations ; our schools can scarce find room for the children who flock to within their walls. In our sanctuaries cohorts of experienced and zealous levites break the bread of truth and dispense faithfully the sacraments — those mysteries of God ; while out side, pursuing their way in every walk of life, throngs of faithful laity strive to spend their days as Christ' 8 children should. If the spectacle presented by Australian Catholicity is a gladsome one and gives encouragement, let us not forget those to whom the f elicitousness of the times on which we have fallen is due. ' Let us praise men of renown.' Let us praise 'our fathers in their generation.' 'Their children for their sakes remain for ever ; their seed and their glory shall not be forsaken. Their bodies are buried in peace, and their name liveth.' ' Let the people show forth their wisdom and the Church declare their praise.' To praise the dead where praise is due is seemly. To praise those who, being dead, were in life worthy princes of the house oi Israel, hath the commendation of the Holy Ghost. What is in itself good, however, may not have all the goodness called for ; and our thoughts were surely faultful, did they at this hour stop short at praise. ' Qui ad mortem, ad mortem,' says the prophet. ' Such as are for death to death' do go, Man born of woman, however else his lot may vary, has, without exception, but a brief existence. Raise him to what dignity you will, he is still the child of Eve, and as child of Eve the foredoomed victi1^' of that stern law which makes its dole 1 part in the primeval curse. Those we com emorate are dead, What need say more .? To deat there is linked a scrutiny terrific in its thor jghness ; there is linked a judgment which ine- lably metes out its full punishment to every, blina us to those sacred offices to which Christian compassion would invite. Dust is but dust, though set with jewels or robed in purple. To the high places within the sanctuary it is not angels but men who are called by God. Human frailty remains ever human frailty while life continues ; and the most sure-footed of earthly pilgrims, journeying heavenwards, had on their own confession their daily stumblings to deplore. We hope for our de parted brethren — hope unstintedly and without mis giving ; for is it not written that ' the grace of God and His mercy is with his saints and that He hath . respect to His chosen ones,' and are we not told that ' the just man if he be waylaid by death shall be at test'' ? We hope, indeed, but our hope is tempered ; for no living soul with, the smallest speck oi sin defiled, we know, shall see the face of God. There is a lire that burns fiercely ; there are prison gates which are strong. From within comes no refresh ment, no relief, no shortening of the term of deten tion. The sentence can be modified but by influences from without. Is not the tending of the sick and suffering a work of mercy ? To comfort the afflicted, to open the way for weary, heartsick exiles to their home ; are not these deeds meritori ous and worthy of every praise? Distress calls to the Christian heart for succour, and it is a divine injunc tion that that call should be obeyed. Our departed brethren need, it may be, our assistance oorely. Shall that assistance be denied r Holy and whole some is the thought of him who offers his suffrages for the dead. Such suffrages, we have a revealed assurance, possess the power of loosing the captives from their sins. Eternal rest grant, O Lord, to our brethren who have gone before us. Upon them may the joyousnesB of perpetual light speedily and surely in all its effulgence shine. Theirs was the merit of Christian faith ; of Christian faith theirs, too, be the guerdon. In their Redeemer they hoped ; into the beatitude bought by that Redeemer's blood may they without delay be admitted. With the charity which covereth a multitude of sins were their souls possessed; let that charity attain to its fruition. By special signs of thy predilection, O Lord, were they distinguished in life ; theirs was the dignity, theirs the plenitude of the priesthood ; be thy special mercy extended to them still, be the blessedness and peace of thy saints in glory theirs in amplest measure. Thou art the Master of life and of death. From the thraldom of the pit, in thy mercy and in thy power, deliver, O Lord, the souls of tliy servants who, their day of work completed, laid themselves down to rest in Thee. THE POPE'S BLESSING. Monsignor O'Brien read the special Apostolic Benediction communicated by tne Supreme Pontiff. On the Saturday preceding the opening of the Synod, Cardinal Moran had sent his Holiness a; cable message, of which the following is the English translation. ' The Cardinal- Archbishop of Sydney and the other Bishops of the Australian Church, in the second Plenary Council of Australia assembled, earnestly beg the Apostolic Benediction of the Supreme Pontiff Leo XIII,, for themselves and for their flocks, for all the members of the Synod, and for the whole Australian Church, and as an augury of Divine favour and of all heavenly blessing.' . A cable, signed by Cardinal Rampolla, and of: which the following is the English translation, was. received in reply : — 'I The Supreme Pontiff, hoping through the' assistance of the Holy Spirit, for abundant fruits for the Australian Church from the second Plenary Council of Australia, cordially grants the blessing,' asked for.'' ; . CLOSE OF THE SYNOD. ' ; The last public session of the Synod -\v$M-e s£ the Cathedral to-morrow (Sunday) morning. The Archbishop of Melbourne is to preach* aacl af ter - Mass the Decrees of the Synod will hi» yead. The ceremonies commence at 11 o'clock* Haydn's Im perial Mass will be sung. , The Hon. Thomas Dalton, K.C.S.Gl, who was' unable to attend the opening of the Vincentiam Fathers' new church at AshjjLeld. on, Sunday, saafrai donation of £10, 