AMONGST THE VICTORIAN BREEDERS. By The Kkxnelman*. Next to the collie, the St Bernards have mode the greatest advance during the last few years. Seven years ago the whole classes at the V. P. and D. Society's shows did not amount to 20 in number, whereas now they go far into three figures. It is not in numbers, however, so much as quality that the improvement is noticeable. In 1887 there was not a single speci men that would have stood a ghost of a chance in good company, whilst now we count amongst our stock n num ber of high-class winners on the English benches, and, in addition, we have a number of colonial-bred dogs that would be no dis grace to the classical shows-at home. A great deal of the credit of this immense im provement is,due to the energy and pluck displayed by Captain J. 11. Clark aud Mr. C. Ridley, who have spared neither time nor expense in procuring the very best blood obtainable, and there is little doubt St. Bernard fanciers owe a deep debt of gratitude to these plucky im porters. 1 bad the pleasure this week of visiting both these gentlemen's kennels. Captain Clark at present has comparatively a small stock on hand, but they are all gems of the first water. The grand imported dog, Capstan, looking in the pink of health, is the first to attract our attention ; with & little more bone and another inch iu height this dog would simply be perfection; his head is perfect, and we notice that he has the apti tude of transmitting this good point to his progeny. Baroness of Melbourne is the next we come across. She is by the defunct imported dog Baron of Greystoke from the imported Baroness Plevna, and is decidedly the best headed bitch in Australasia. She also possesses good bone with grand body and excellent coat Unfortunately, she has a great drawback in being cow-hocked, and on this account the captain keeps her from the show benches. It is pleasing to find that ahe does not transmit this defect to her progeny, and we had the pleasure of looking at a daughter of hers by Capstan— by name Atanga Kuini (beautiful queen)—a beautiful bitch which cannot fail to make her mark next season. Hie grand old Lady Una, commonly known as the "beggar," still maintains her place in the captain's kennels. She is well known to every dog show fre quenter, and possibly has' collected more money for charitable purposes than any dog living, her kind and appealing countenance never failing to attract the spare cash of visitors into the little barrel sue usually comes at shows. Mr. C. Ridley's kennels outnumber those of Captain Clark, and he also possesses some excellent specimens. No one possibly has been so unlucky as Mr. (Ridley since he started in the fancy, as be has lost by death many hundred Tjounds worth of St. Bernards, including Roderick DHu, St. Leonard, Maple croft Belle (the best bitch ever seen Booth of the line), bemdesjaumerous valuable puppies. It is pleasing, however, to note that instead of being disheartened every loss seems to have spurred Mr. Ridley to further energy, and it is evident he is made of the grit that constitutes a true fancier. On entering the kennels we meet the im ported dog Lord Hawke.. imported from England at great cost. This dog has been so often described that we need not dwell upon his merits as a show dog, .but he hgs proved himself both in England and Australia a most successful sire, which is of more im e to the Australian fancy than the list of high-class prizes. e smooth imported bitch Norelia is out next acquaintance; she is looking wonderfully well, and would be hard to beat in her class in Australia. We saw also three of Norelia's puppies by Lord Hawka one of them, a smooth dog; being specially noticeable, and we shall expect to hear Of hip again. -The imported Lady Richmond is In the next com partment In the pink of health, and adjoin ing are eight of her puppies Lord Hawke, 'ally marked and without a waster them. Taken altogether, Mr. it be congratulated upon the til an excellent kennel of St. , which cannot fail to make'their mark next wmm. with acdinairhwk. ' - VSiA;•/. 