'K-.WT TOWN. (By ** A GnbsT.')^ ' ^ But th-^t IMi forbid I coiild a tale unfold w^ose lightest word would ^arro# up thy bouI,' — bhakespeare. ^ ^ :r-. - Its over 1 The speotacle of Meeson, Haines and Co. defyiog Bacchus has been dissolved, and once more by George they are themselves. The suspension ana tension while it lasted was certainly severe, bat surely the end justified the means. Such a' result could scarcely have been obtained without the course of rigorous self-denial and consistent piety which had been main tained for the last two months by our twin Gcorgies. And for the five hundredth time it may be asked. How did they do 'it?' ' Camper and Turner of course. Their fame consists in having proved themselves good euoughtosit iu tbe same boat with our Georgies, and that's no small order. J ' *' * ? . - . How. upon the .1) ridge. we- jbraved the cold .blust which whistled through our storm bljeach^d'bone^straini^g for the first glimpse ofithe horse\naii who eventually shot from the green .foliage,' and our teeth forgot to chatter as Sve made obt the red flag he held on high. Round the point flew our men and :inSt»utly; wejrecogtiised their pretty bine-; -w jackets poised in tne centre of- their flashing - oars like' the wings .of a gaudy*' fleeting butterfly! After them came Echu6a, .their \ dark colors making them look like an Eagle chasing its prey.. On, on, they came, and you could. haye ° shook ^ur shirt' so, fixed and absorbed wprA top in hnr infcenflin ' eirMili*. - 1 ment. On, onto the winning pOBt,' and* a single shot rang out to tell the prey was : safe, the victory was ours. ' Make Anything? Oh yes, we had a ' case ' on at fives to four *** The roll,was 'called abont 6.30,p.-ra.- and showed a fair muster. Operations .were at once started, with Eli Elwah Russell as head of the board, and Land Board Trollope as 'offeider.' Our shear blades, clanked merrily, the corks were popping, and our eyes sparkled as we saw the grateful liquid daucing ia the glass. Bully for Russell. Again and again it seemed to fill itself as if by magic. Holding one eye close down tot bis plate, our champion diner slowly winked' the other, as bis lips closed o'er the second I duck, and then raising fondly the ' glorious I vintage ' with one glance heavenward,* : it disappeared quite 'a hundred fathoms., j deep. Then we stacked our pannicansand the yarn started. - - . ; * * * The ' boss ' had secured a local medico to ' ' support him on either side, lest- the eloquence of our speechifiers should overcome him, but our talkiug ' Jimmy ' was not there, and so the Chairman was spared. Stroke did not catch enough water, but continued to make headway until he was all head, and didn't know which way. All the rowing men said nice things about each other. Dr. Kenuedy slung off at the 'empty bottle club.' The 'Count 'countered nicely, and as sailors say — Tbe smoke concert came alongside. Alderman Fewings proposed ' The Press,' and in response to some calls referred in conciliatory terms to the Ghost. This reference clearly proves that we have become an appreciable atom in the conglomeration which goes to make a country town. *#* Whether it s the result of the prayers for rain recently, or the talking capacity of our. member, or the seductive harmony of tbe Temperance Band, or the division of the town into wards, is not quite clear, but there are now unmistakable prospects of there beiug water on the irrigation blocks before the new ccninry is ushered in. * * * It's appa'ling when one comes to consider the amount of latent talent of which speci mens sometimes come to hand which can be found even in Hay. Look at the crop of correspondents to the press lately under various 'nom deplumes.' Each one so easily recognised is going about nearly bust ing with his secret, and bugging himself with the idea that the town is dying to locate him. If their silly effusions are en couraged it is not pleasant to contemplate the consequences, A for spite will para graph B, while B being jealous of C wili do tbe same &c.; * * The^moke concert boomed ahead with a good crowd of talkers and singers. If £ may be allowed a rnmark, it was no place for ' small boys,' Old sinners could not come to much harm ; but the small boys should have been in bed. I noticed three stripplings^who made more noise iu beating, the table than anyone else, and wer^ very mferry at the fiqish.''- Two of these boys on - orie occasion struck' because1 they were re quired to .wear^-uuifornif and they don't like it$ven now, and believethey are men. ? Well, they will soon be somethihg'else if they are .not pnfc to -'be/i 1'nstead of.-being; allowed out_after eight o'clock, and attend-; ing smoke - * concerts''' * and - ?smoking ( cigarettes. A word to the wise, &o;» * * . r *4 What a time we had of it at the Half-; Holiday social,' was the theme of conversa-* tioi on Thursday last. 'How nice it was, you know,- as. there was ni- fear of con tagion. Qne gilded yonth who was not not there, naively asked, ' Wa? it ay enjoy able as the Athenssum ball ?' The reply to the inquiry was — *L Yes, it was or.twdeil, by Jove, and no freeze about it, my b.iy — all second class, .but really jolly sociable people.' The gilded youth — 'Ah, well,' I don t iikeia crowd (he hadn't a chanoe) as one's toes gets trod on, and one's ; shirt front rampled'; *iud besides, itsbad form to ^ty^mrpdiatioe.', : fqrni,4a- , listen, so T^lidfcd away, convinced that .the . social would/not liave been a success if thp tickets had been half a quid^-I iriean;half a .guinea -and the gilded youth had been there'. r-X'' ' ' r '-\ s- ' ;? \ ?? '? ?**'; , Tho limbs of the law have 1 been striving to break things, and the 'dull monotony of tho poUoe court has been relieved by some breezy scenes pf late, and bench aud bar has crossed is words; but no bipod was shed, tho ugh jt was very close: to the surface at times. The first trouble was over a China man ; but that was mild in oomparisnu to the occasion when Albnsb the . brave defied the. 'beaks,' and told them, they ebuld not put-him oat.-.' It is hot.oloar . whether they could have .done it or. not, bat they didn't try; It's a pity they did nob, for --theu.. the , question would have been Settled, as t requires to^e, though I should be . -sorry in a ghostly way to have seen lAlenso -sprawling in tho front of the court house, and the brey beaks with their beatle 'crushers on bis manly shirt front. ? 