CHINA AND THE FOREIGNER. Recent events prove that an edict cf degradation directed by the Emp9ror of China against one of his so-called Viceroys can be extorted by any of tho Great Powers with surpassing ease. All that has to bf. done is to demand that, ouch an edict shall bo issued and to back up the demand by the dispatch to Chinese watore of one or more gunboats with instructions to proceed to extremities if occasion necessitates that course. This method of treatment has within the past feir days been effective in no less than three in stances — England, Germany, and France in succession having by a more or leu* formidable display of force 'brought the ruler of the Celestial Empire to his kneet. Unfortunately thore is more than a doubt as to the vaiuo of these edict*. Some ot them would seem to resemble 'he anathema referred to ia' Tho Jack daw of Rheims' — Never was heard eurh a terrible onrf e. liuc wha: gave rise to no httlu lurpruc. Nobody tetmoci one penny tbe worse. Towardu the end of Seutember an ulti matum was addressed by the British Ambassador at lVkin to the Chinese authorities to the effect that uclees the Viceroy of Szechuen was degraded and sent into banishment British war vessels were to take action, and to exact (satis faction tor the outrages committed upon tho missionary stations in that far-on' western provinco. The threat served lie purpose, for not many hours after it had been uttered an unqualified promise was given that the Viceroy should be sum marily dismissed. It is un onurouB fact, however, that this oilicial, &u; l'to' fessor It. K. Douglas has recently pointed out, is the identical Liouping chang who was not long since degraded by an Imperial edict in consequence of having fomentod similar riots to those which are now complained of. Of what real value then in this latest concession to British demands I Specimen is a distant inland station, many hundreds of miles from Fuh-kien, where- the deplorable massacre of two or taws mouths ago took placj. More than that, it is -elb that the riots and the destruc tion of property which have occurred in the former locality are but the fore runners of an anti-foreign war of extermination, which 'ill be entered upon uulesB tho Powers can protect their own subjects. Had Consul Mans field been ordered to go inland with a couple of hundred marines a few days prior to the onslaugit at Kucheng he n-ould probably have been able to cave the lives of tha men, women, and ch'ldren who then fell victims to the fanatical fury of tho Chiueso mob. The power exercised by the Eraperor of China, especially away on the bor ders of Thibet, has for many years been l-ttie more than nominal. What ever shreds of authority were left to him depended rather upwi vague prestigo t lau upon the fear of the oonsequoncea of disobedience. The easy victory of Japau over the august Celestial Emperor, by destroying Bven that remnant of power, has rendered the Vicetoys and the p--j-ul»ce so contemptuous th;it tiiey erode tha duty of carrying out decreus frusn Pckiu. not merely by Hubterfjge as formerly, but openly and defiantly. Mr. Msimfjeld at Fuh-kieriha-3 been trying to dis ov«r and bring to punishment the re»l pornetn* tors of the m-issacros at thut place, and the Emperor Iihb ordered that every facility shall be afforded to him. Ye* the Consul complains that the Chinese soldiery insult him to his faee, and, although it has bscn reported that ? ;ertain number of heads have fallen in retribution for the murders of tls M* nonaries, no one would be st«cl*«r priBed'to fiud tbaY tbe executioners had played the same triclc as did Ko-ko in the opera of the ' Mikido,' or even that the officia vengeance had fallen, as it did on one occasion a couple of years »go, not upon the murderers but upon some of the few courageous Chinese who ventured to protest and t-j succour the wives and familied of the missionaries. Th-f-cry has been raised in England that it is proposed to use British gunboats or the purpose of forcing the Cnristian religion upon an unwilling people, and some stinging things are being said about John Bull's hypocrisy in carrying opium and the Bible in one hind and the sword in the other. In opposition to the views of those who are taking this line of argument, the Spectator goes so far as to -assert that any Christian Power would not be doing its duty unless it effec tually protected the lives of its mission* aries all over the *orld. It would indeed be difficult to maintain the position that England's duty is t - go to war with every nation which ventures to exclude theagenta of the Chris ian faith, but in the case of the outrages in China there is really no need to entar upon the religious aspects ot tbe question. The riots and murders are, as we pointed out some weeks ago, tbe result of an anti-foreign agitation, partly due to the hatred of the victorious Japanese. The Mandarin*, who possess all the local power, and who use it for the purpose of extorting tolls and taxe* of every conceivable kind irom the hapless people, know perfectly well that the introduction of foreign trade, and more particularly ihe const- uction of railways, would mean an end to their lucrative monopolies. The idea of governing the people in their own interests may exercise some sway at Pekin, but it has but little effect in the provinces. Yet, as Baron Hesse- Warteg remarks in » recently published article— ?' Only with the aid of railways can the country be governed, revolts be quiskly nipped in the bud, and the central power of the Emperor strengthened.' : In the ' superstitions of the moat ignorant of the Chinese the Mandarins possess a most powerful Ievor, which they uso without scruple as occasion offers. One of these is that which is known as Feng-Shui, meaning literally ' wind and water.' Sails are used for propelling boats, and canals are oxcavated for the conveyance of goods in barges, but the spirits of the wind and of the water wil^ be offended if steam be utilized in any shape or form. 'Feng-Shui,' says Mr. E. D. Jones, ''is th» arch-enemy of nil ways, telegraphs, mining operations con ducted upon scientific principles, and of all European reforms ind improvements in general. Feng. Shui objects as impartially to tbe church steeple and the cathedral sower as to the telegraph pott ; in fact until its ghost is laid for ever we f«ar that China will not make much real progre&B; in the paths of medern civilisa* tion.' . This superstition is cl-oely allied to that of which Mr. Villiers, the war artist, epoke in his recent lectures in Adelaide under the name of u Bad Joss, '* or eril lack. EJndneu to a stranger ia popularly regarded as being Bad Joss, and so deeply is -this idea ingrained in the minds of the populace that many of them absolutely refuse to believe that Christian missionaries and those who support them by their contributions are actuated by motives of pure religious zeal and philanthropy. They imagine that some commercial design must neces sarily lie at the root of all missionary effort, and accordingly they readily give credence tosuch hideous falsehoodsas tha6 whichrepresentstheinmates of the minion stations as busying themselves in steal ing children and melting down their bodies for fat. It must not be supposed, however, that the raoro intelligent among tho Chinote believe in such mosstrous tales or in the supersti tions in which they originate. The Mandarins ntilizo them becauso it suits their purposes to do so, aud because at pjresent thero is no * restraining powerV of which they stand in awe. The fear of the Emperor has almost vanished from their hearts, and the fear of the foroignor has not encerod to take its place. The Emperor may apologize in turn to tho representatives of England, France, Germany, »nd Ame rica for outrages which tbeso Mandarins have fomented, and promptly issue edicts in obedience to their behests, but as a matter of fact he keops tho word of* protniso to tho ear, and as far as it is possible to do so deliberately breaks it to tho bops. When, how erer, the Chinese soldiery, with their ridiculous bows ~ and arrows and flint matchlocks, find themselres face to face with raodorn European weapons of warfare, they must realize that thareiguof their marauding masters is a pitiful sham. Not until this revelation takes place— and the enlightened Dowager Empress, if she has her way, will speedily bring it about — will a new and prosperous era be opened for the te-ming millions of China, who have so long been the prey oi th« rngabond soldiery and of extor tionate, corrupt, and incompeteut State ofiiciaU. ? 'Evening Jocrkal' Pobiiuits. — In to-day'* double-number of tbe Journal por trait* will appear of Councillor Malcolm Reid. Mr. C. H Owen Smytb, Superintendent of Publio Cuildings, and tbo late Dr. Pasteur. 