Wild Plants about Cqraki. [By J. K. Imknbk.] 1 wo other common gwauip plants 'are Philhy drum iamjiitHottim und Typha ; atujHrtifolia. Tlie former grow a to u'liei|{lit of two w- tlirco tet't. witl-i lanoe-Bnajwd leaves covered ;with dense .wofilly hairs. ' Tile flower*, Vlijch jjrow on a Jlong stalk, are yellouy woolly, six to ?viguv iiuco'iuugt ueuriy ? wi mi^itui, 'mm j protec ted : with sheAthing. bracts. ; The name .is derived from two Gieok words/which menu 'lover of- ?water.' Typha is commonly known under the mimes of either ' Hnlriiali' or 'Oiit«t«il.' Thin awamp plant him long grass-like leaves, sometimes Oft high. H glows in Inrge ])i»t olios on the edges of Hwmnps, fre quently also in running water und in largo drains and creeks. ' Another pluut which loves to grow near wuter is. Cnnvm pedunmlatum. This is also called a water-lily, mid may be known by its bright green radical leaves, springing from u large hull), and its luiifch of fine white flowers, sometimes four inches lung, sweetly fragrant, growing on a long leafless stalk. This plant can tie cultivated, nnd is most worthy oF such. A damp, cool, sheltered spot is required. I have seen it flowering splendidly under cnlti 'vation. ' Another plant often noticed on the banks of the river, especially where n helt of scr'nh has hecn left Ktanding, is the ' Cnnjevoi ' (Colona Kia microrrhiza). This plant, liy its alittn fianre, proves the adage— ' Faniiliarity lueeds c.niteinpt,' for it is consiilered liy the many a useless ween. I, among the few, think it one of the handsomest plants we have, especially when seen in its full luxuriance, which is at tained only iu denitu dump scrulia. Intliu highest, singe of itnimiil life there exists a con scious and controllable power that allows one ralioiml being to love or to hate another m tionul lMsinjt, according t-- pleasure. That is to say, mini may according to will love or hate, fellow man. The love may be gretilly deve loped, nnd becomes love pure ami simple ; or it may lie only slightly developed, when it be comes mere friendship or esteem. The hatred may be intense or may lie modified into mere dislike. In the lower stages of animal life thu love or hatred is neither conscious or control lable— it is instinctive. A bird does not know that it hates its enemy, the snake ; yet in the vicinity of the reptile instinctively feels it re pulsion to it. On the other hand, the pilot fish does not know lhat the shark is his friend, yet instinctively he flies to his protection in time of danger. We may comprehend the feeling thut one auimal has towards another, but how can we comprehend the feeling or sympathy lhat one unconscious thing evinces for another — as plant for plant? That such a sympathy does exist is apparent to the keen observer of vegetable life. One notable in stance of ''plant friendship' is thai of the 'Stinging 'tree' (Laporten uit/ax), und the Cunjevoi. Did ever one sec in an undisturbed natural stale a Stinging Tree that did not have somewhere near at hand its attendant Cunjevoi, or vice vena. Yet how diametrically . opposed are they iu principles— .-me the bane, the other the antidote. The Stinging Tree , contains an irritant poisonous fluid that by penetration causes painful swellings on tlie skins of animals ; the Cunjevoi contains an acrid fluid that completely neutralises the poisonous fluid. Surely one would think the two such apparently unsympathetic objects would not form a frieudslup for each other. But such they do, and not only that but if one be destroyed either by intent or accident, the other, unless in association with its con geners, pines away aud liecotnes, figuratively speaking, a mere ghost of its former self. The acrid juice of the Cunjevoi if taken into the system is highly poiBonoux, but it is a sove reign remedy for fistula or sore hacks of horses. I believe an extract of it would cure mange. For fistula or sore backs the parts must bu I bathed with either a warm decoction or in- I fusion, presumably the former. The juice I also possesses antiseptic properties. The I plant is reputedly poisonous to stock, but, to I tell the truth, I havtt never known them to I touch it. The root stocks contain a certain I amount of starchy matter, which the ahorigi- I nals obtain by soaking in water, macerating, I and drying. Cqlocasia belongs to the same I order as the handsome Arum Lily. I The Richmond is particularly 'favored with a variety of ornamental plants. The Big Scrub, with its wonderful extent nf country, is a natural garden of lieautiful and hand some as well as useful specimens of plant life. The trees tower heavenward to a great height, and are covered with nrndmental climbers, which hang in festoons or garlands from tree to tree, or are adorned with splendid speci mens of bird's-uest ferns, staghortis, and elk horns, which reach a development rarely met with in other parts of the colony. : Iu season, when the trees anil shrubs burst into bloom, the air is filled with a fragrance at once agree able to man's innate love of sweetness. 'Tis then a pleasure to walk in the woods, inhaling without restraint Nature's sweet incense. But what pleasure has not its attendant sor row ? ! The drawback there consists of ticks and leeches. The detestable ticks are most insinuating in manner, and withal so disagree able, aye, actually poisonous. The variety seems infinite. There are blue ticks, red ticks, brown ticks, grey ticks, striped ticks, ticks ail iiifinitum. The leeches are the most bloodthirsty things imaginable, performing their sanguinary operations with such subtlety that, their presence is not suspected till a cold, dummy feeling is experienced, and a well developed gluttou of a leech by mere dead weight falls from the scene of bloodshed, leaving behind a wound that if not taken care of may inflame and cause serious trouble. It is a most remarkable fact that during months of dry weather notu lce.;li is to he seen, yet after the first, shower of rain they .appear in hundreds. What becomes of them during the dry weather is a query. Probably they lie iu a state ot suspended animation, lequiriug but a fall of rain to revive. Of the ticks and leeches more anon. One of the handsomest aud at the same time one of the most useful trees on the Richmond is the Bean Tree (GiiHtauoxpermiim Awtvale). This tree grows from 00ft to 70ft high, and has an average diameter of 2ft to 3ft, some attaining a diameter of oft or Oft. The tree is interesting from its curious method of flowering. The flowers appear before the leaves, probably to allow of Huinterruptad fertilisation, and when in spring the tree is Mensely covered with its racemes of large -orange colored flowers, tinged with red, it presents a most beautiful appearance, stand ing out boldly iu enchanting contrast, with the surrounding foliage. And when later on appear the large pinnate leaves, divided into 11 to 15 leaflets, and pendant hang the large green pods Oin to flin long, eaoh containing 1 to 4 beans, the bI/.o of a walnut, the tree ;s as handsome a specimen of arborial magni ficence as one would wish to sec. The beans years ago were eaten by the aboriginals, first having been prepared by soaking in water, drying, and pounding into a coarse kind of flour, which with a slight addition of water was roasted. The flout- or starch produced from the beans is very inferior. In a raw ' state e'en the smallest piece of bean, from my experience, causes a most unpleasant griping, and when roiutod they am neither palatablo or digestible. Many of the stock owners to whom I have spoken upon tho matter dis tinctly assert that the beans arc poisonous to cattle. Cattle that eat them first get into a lethargic state, their heads hang down, and - ' should they lie down they are unable to rise . owing to paralysis of the hindquarters, nud death follows. In some cases cattle have boon known to eat the beans without showing any ill effect a. Iu such instances they seem to become beau-proof. I hardly know whether I tho deleterious effects produced are the result 'of. any poisonous principle in the beans, or from their hard indigestible .nature. Pout mortem examination of the stomach shows the beans in hard masses. . The Bean Tree is of most value on account of its beautifully marked timber, which for indoor ami cabinet work stands unrivalled. It polishes readily, but should be thoroughly seasoned liefore being used, as it is much inclined to shrink. ..; ? ??????- ; '.-. .. Tv ??.. 