CIVIL SITTINGS. (Before the Chief Justice and a special jury ) TUESDAY, MAY 21ST. The Court sat at half-past 10 a m. ELLIOTT V. " VICTORIAN EXPRESS." Thia was aa action brought by Charles Bolton Elliott, the Resident Medical Officer at Geraldton, against the Victorian Expreet Newspaper Company, Limited, carrying on business in Geraldton, claiming £2,000 damages for alleged libel. The Attorney General, Mr. S. Bart, QC, with Mr. G. Leake (solicitors, Messrs. Stone and Bart) was for the plaintiff, and Mr. B. 8. Haynes, with Mr, W. H. James (solioitor, Mr. B. S. Haynes), for the defendant company. The following constituted the jury-.-Messrs. H.S. Trigg (foreman), J. A. Liddelow, D. Symon, John Green, Henry Baker, J.K. Churchyard. Mr. Leake, in opening the oase, said the plaintiff was Dr. Charles Bolton Elliott, who occupied the position of Government resi- dent medical officer in Geraldton. He sued the defendant oompany for having on the 10th of October last published a very gross libel upon bim in his capacity as a doctor. Not only did it cast reflections upon him as an ordinary general practitioner, but also as the Government medical officer in Geraldton. The libel was in the form of tbs letter signed by the name of " T'othersider," and was as follows : The Hospitals Bill-To the Editor. Sir, — The Hospitals Bill, after all, is only to apply to the hospitals of Perth. It is near time that the Forrest gang were taught that the principle of giving with one hand and taking took with the other is hardly good enough for the too-patient people of West Australia. What excuse can the "curried elaves" offer for the unfulfilled promises of the Premier, that provisions wonld be made in this Bill to hand over the hospital of the colony to the control of the general public ? But, perhaps the artless Sir John only intended it as an .lecion cry to enable bim to crawl back «gain to office. It may be necessary, under a f irm ot Government where the will of a few governs the voioes of the many to centralise everything oonneotel with .public affairs, so that the excoutive by extending the hand of patronage oan strengthen its position by seouriog a return of its f ollowing, but under a free constitution r-ttoh BB that we live under, local insitutions like hospitals ought to ba nuder the co ott ol of the people who support them. When an elector in Geraldton spoke «boat our hospital here, and asked the mern« ?,ber for the disttiot hid he any idea of the way it was oondttoted, be was asked where jfsrtft thé proofs of inoompetenoy, as though everybody could not BBB thom every daj Gerald;on can show moro cripples discharge from its hospital than any plaoe I've been ic Sorely they mast be regard d as living mono ments of the skill of the Government Medioi Th« member for the district replied to th before mentioned eleator that he would as for a commission to enquire into any charge made against the way the hospital was con ducted. Such answers as those are very goo to " bluff " p9ople who don't know any bettei bnt fortunately the schoolmaster has bee abroad lately in taiB slow-going plaoe, an the pnblio know, or can form a good idea c the Bort of people who would sit on snob commission. NJ doubt they would be highl important persons, and therefore impartia'. I remaia, A T'othersider. Geraldton, Ootob; 7th, 1894. Continuing, the learned oounsel said tba the innuendo tha plaintiff put upon th allegations in the letter wa« that the plaint il was unskilful and incompetent ia hie profee 8ioaal business and in the management of th hospital. Farther, that he bad been guilty o misconduct and negligence io bis professions business and in the hospital management and that owing to this there was a larg number #f cripples in Geraldton. In answe to this the defendants pleaded the formal plei of denying the innuendo, and also that th observations were fair comment upon a matte of public interest, and that they were midi without malice towards the plaintiff, and th^ alfo pnt in the p'e* of justification. H< thought before the case concluded they woulc sea the defence of fair oommeut would prac tically be abandoned, and that th» pita ol justification would be relied on. Tho jarj had, therefore, a mont important task befon them. Tho plaintiff had be sn attacked in bl most sensi ire part, in his profesional oapeo ity, and that attack, if sncoessfu1, must gc ve y near to ruin a man -Bitoated aß D? Elliott «at in Geraldton, beeausp, if they said of the dootor that he was unskilf al, that he nepi ct'd hs pa'i-mts, and tba*;, instead ol onring people, ho crippled them, what mire damaging statement could be made ? It wa« not fer him to prove express malice ; it wat sufficient for bim to plaoe the alleged libel before them and ack them to draw theil own inferences. It was no doubt libel'ouc perse. It was calculated to do Dr. Elliott grave injury, and really the only defence they could have in a oase of this bind was the pie* of justification. The gravamen of a charge ol libel was in the publication of the words. In this oars it we published in a newspaper whioh they had reason to suppose bad a wide circulation in the distriot, and in that part of the district where Dr. Elliott wac known. Whilst they all recognised thé tight of a newspaper or of any contributor to a newspaper to critioisa the acts of pnb'ic men, the newspaper or the contributor must be veryciraful they dil not step outside the bounds th s law bad laid down. It was not a fact that a newspaper had a greater privilege in the matter of criticism than anyone else, though be was bound to edniti". was generally accepte I (bat a newspaper bad a little mora latitude than an ordinary individual. Butin oases of this kind, no mater whether the mitter was o mtribnt d or not, tho editor and prepriet r of a nowsoaoer io default was litb'e. and the pnb'ic dnty was cast upon that editor, in the mat-er of o >tit ibu iocs, to see nothing iijoiions or libellons is pub- lished, and thfct he must have as great regard to that which was contributed to h's newspaper as to that which he wrot? himself, and if, as in thia ^re, he declined, as it would be proved he hai, to give up the name of tho writer, then be accepted tfce reaponfibiHty for what was written. H» asked the jury ne*, to be mis'ed by the plati- tudes that tiny might heir with regard to the da ties of edi'ors and the indeoendenc9 of the press and all thxt sort of thing-tl-at the press was the gr«at charterer of liberty, and so forth. Although everybody regarded the preps as an important faotor ia society, yet, j as it had important priv leges so it had im- portant duties and rrsoonsibilities, and one of the latter was to s e that no person waa damaged iu his reputation or vilified or held up to contempt and abused unhaa the oiroamftincee of th« case justified it. With regard to the pie* of fair comment, if th*y read tin libel tiny wonld soe it op ned with an attack upon the Government, then with a reference to tbe member for the district, Mr. Simpson, then it ficiisbod with this cross libel upon Dr. Elliott. If it were fair comment [ it could only be npon the action i of the Government or the member, becanre that : which, according to their plea, gave riso to the letter was that Mr. Simp-on wu s address- ing his electora in Geraldton, just before the election. Now what on earth hid Dr. Elliott I to do with the aotions of tin Ministry or of Mr. Simpson, and if it was ad- mitted they bad a right to say harsh things about the Government or ab -ut Mr. Simpson, it wonld not justify harsh things being Bail abont Dr. Elliott. So that they conld not come into Court and say this wai fair com- ment upon a matter of pnblio interest. This rabid writer was evidently intent upon ad- versely criticising the Government nf the day and the member for the di trio*-. Thev oou'd afford to laugh at the ontinism-he daresay most pnb'ic men could-but it was t nothnr matter when yon turne 1 round and a'taokad a man in his private casaúty. and when the result of the attack, if thrr \ vas anything at all in the statement, was to d»prive him of bis me ins of livelihood, bro ruse Dr. Elliot*; reb'ed not upon h:s Government salary but upon the extent of his private praotioe, and it was damaging to have anything said about him whioh was likely to have the effeot of driving persons away from him. This plea of justification was undoubtedly what might be oat'ed an hwofo defence-it was neok or nothing for the defenoe. The law was «lear. They we bound, If they resorted to tko pisa of justification, to prove it up to tho hilt, an io support of thia view the learned oonne< qnoted from Odgers on Libel, p. 178. Plaintil imving proved his oase, upon the defendant waa c⁢ the onus of proving what they Bai was trae, and if they proved their oa»e, e oonrae it must be damaging to Dr. Elliotl If on the other hand it was no proved, then what could they think c a person who pub'ished such a groe and unfounded libel P They would se« when he read the correspondence, tba the defendants had been defiant throughou' Dr. Elliott's reputation was at Btake, and i the abBenos of an apology what other cours was open to him except to ask them for verdict F He was not there to ask them fo damages that would set Dr. Elliott np ii comfort for the rest of his life. There wa no doubt the loamed judge would tell then the plaintiff was entitlad to damages if tb plea of justification was not proved, bat ther bad been no apology, no attempt whateve to soften the asperities of the terribly sever charge that had been made. He desired t point ont to them the attitude of the defen dants for the last two or three years. Hi oase was that not only was Dr. Elliott i skilful person, aa surgeons ordinarily wars but that he was particularly kind to bi patients, and be should only like to ees thosi parsons who «aid otherwise submitted to tbi test of cross-examination when they appearei to disparage the dootor's skill or injure hi reputa' ion as a man. The learned counsel thei read extracts in oertain issues of the defen dante' paper to ehow in what estimation h< had been held bv them prior to the appear ance of the lib'l. The first, dated 7tb. Octo ber, 1891, contained complimentary referouoef to the doctor's attention in the oase of ai cutbr.-ak of soarlet fever. The nest, it October. 1892, commente 1 on the goo: manag°m nt of the ho »pital daring that year The third was dated in Ootob?r 1893, anc spoke in complimentary t^rms of the pro fessional a sais Un ce the plaintiff hod obtainer >.nd also of hims'If. In March, 1894, tW< appeared a further reference to Dr. Elliott anc the hospital, and the learned counsel askec their particular attention to this, beoause il appeared shortly after Mr. Kenny, who wat part proprietor of the defendant newspaper and was also ita manager, was discharged from the hospital. He had been ill and wat discharged from the hospital cured, anti no doubt at that time was over- flowing with gratitude to the doctor for hie kindness to bim. Dr. Elliott will tell thon rhat on many occasions Kenny had b len an inmate of th* hospital. Mr. Loake then rea I the rxfraot from the paoer in whoh thc plaintiff was sty'ed " that friend of so many in the distriot, Dr. C. B. Elliott," and spoke of the need of still farther improving the hospital in order to fit it for the demands of the and times, of tbe comforts the hospital as then established gave to the patients. Tat, after all these editorial remarks, made op to sollte a date, they found the defendants coming into Court and pleading justification. There w is an inconsistency somewhere and how they were going to pet out of it he did n it know. He contended that the letter of " T'otbersidar " was no other than a plan*, and tbat so far from bnng a stranger to Geraldton, as the nam« would imply, it wa=< written iu the Express office or inspired by it. At any rat', they challenged the do- ffndants to d*ny it. Tney challenged them to put Mr. H. E. Kenny in the box to deny the charge. Ho hoped he wonld b* there. Tf ho did get into the box they would heir his statement and wonld hear hia oross examination, and they would sea wl-eth^r he won'd deny all knowledge of the letter, whether ho would deny that he received fair treatment in the hospital, and tbey should have the advantage of heiring his explanation of the inconsistency. The learned oounsel next referred to the publication of the pleadings and correspond ence in the defendants' paper, setting out the libel, and tbui giving, he said, greater pub- licity to it. In cor.c'usion, what be had pointed out to them was surely a ornel and unmanly attack unless it oonld be justified in the terms of tho p'ea. They knew that as Englishmen they ware proverbial for their pugnaoitv. They gloried in a fight at times, but thongi they gWi'd in a fight they said, " Let the fight be f-dr-let the man have fair piar, and don't stab bim in the baok; don't bit from behind, but attack him faoa to face " Unless the defendants cou'd prove their plea, th-y had mada one of the cruellest and mott unmanly attaoks they oonld. Let them prove it. They found this vilification oame from fie bands of the man Kenny, who had received th» greatest kindness at the hands of the rfootor Could there be so sr re it a revuls'on of fee'ing in nine months ai to justify tbe remarks maje in the letter eigned " Tothersider ? " Th* plaintiff faoftd this enquiry and would not flinoh from it. Failure of the plea wss proof of an unmanly and ornel attack, and it ba*? been undertaken by methods that would disgrao1 the name of respectable j mtnalists. He would not dilate on the extent o' the dam ag?s. Tbat question wonld be Bubmi't*d to them by the learned Judge. What he asked waa that if they did give Dr. El'iott damage?, they wonld not so much regard the aggran- disement of the plaintiff, b'oanBO after all the clearing of hii pood namo was of paramount importance to bim-but that they would give snob damages as wonld eb»w it was not oppn to tbe defendants to vilify a man in tho plaintiff's position, and after that go soot free. Cbar'ei Bolton Elliott, resident medica1 offioer, Champion Bav distriot, examined by tbe Attorney General, deposed that he W>B appointed locum tenens at Geraldton about August, 1874. He remained there for about two months, and wa« in Deoember of the eame year permanently appointed to the position. He had remained thees ever lino» in charge of the hospital. He was an M.S.O.S. ET L.B.C.P., Edin., and L.M. Io 1874, toi Greenough Distriot was also unddr his charge and there was no other medio il man north ol him nearer than Roebourne, and south near-îi than Perth. Some years after, a man wa! appointed to Greenougo. At neat, th« hospital was very small, containing two wardi of six beds each. It bad gradually grown and there was nov a now building, ia ve hid thirty beds oonld be put np. BjtHes attend, ing to the hospital, his official duties wera U attend to the gaol, the Government patients and the Government offi ¡¡ala. The term* o bis agreement al!o*ei private praotiae There hid been a fair amount of practice Within the last twenty years he har had, exolusive of his private practice about 3 OOO iusids and outside cases. Ol these 706 «rere surgical oases treated insidi the hospital. During this perioi and unti the appearance of this libol it had never corni to hts knowledge that he had beea aooused o: unskilful treatment or misconduct. He re membered tbe casa of soarlet fever in thi town in October, 18!) I. The patient was i child named Fcipp. Ic WAS alluded to by th< defendant newspape*. The Attorney.General proposed to put in t oopy of the issuo of October 2nd, 1891. Mr. Haynes said the irapr nt sail it wai published hy Alfred Carson. The Attornsy-Gineral : Tes, for the Vic terian Express Comp .ny ; it has that also We are suing th4 Company, not an individu»! Witness, continuing, said that the publica tion referred to the soarlet fever case in t paragraph in complimentary terms. Ht notiaed in the Geraldton Advertiser ol Ootober 2nd, 1893, a bi-weekly edition of thc Express pub ishi d by the defendant oompany t reference to tbe statistios of the hospital ii t manner oomp'imonlary to the management {P-iptr pat in.) lu 1893 be obtained a quilt, fie! a*Bit>tant, D-. Spencer, from England dis action was very favoorably oommented upon in the Geraldton Advertiser of the 23rc >f Ootober, 1893. Witness himself supplied Mr. J. M. Drew, thi editor, with Dr Spencer's qaal fioations. (Paper put in.] Vvitn<*'B knew H. E. Kenny, the manager ol the duenda t oompany, and who had been "connected with the pap?r prior to 1891. Kinny had frequently been in the hospital, and on thi list ocoasion wai discharged from it on the 3rd of March, 1894. Shortly after vardi wit no- in th« issaa of the Express of the 9th of March. Kenny discussed the m .tier with witness, and afterwards told bim he had written it (Papâr put in.) It was a very g >od article and well writt»n. It recommended witnesB ac one of tbe ex officio members of the Board ol management of the hospital under the ne« irrangements it suggested. WitneBB' atten- tion wis subsequently drawn to the letter in the Geraldton Advertiser of Ootober 10,1894, vh-'ob formed the cause of the present action. It c mmenoed with an untrue allegation as to the operation of the Hospitals Bill. Wbat do they mean by the words " ourried daves " f-I don't know. Ia that tbe n ail lmguage of the paper ? Yes. Witness was very indignant when he -ead the letter, which made most unjust ohargea agaioethim. The letter had prejudici- ally effected bim in hie private praotioe, and also the hospital. Tho statement of claim in (his action which s't oat the alleged libel tn extenso, appsarfd on the front page amongst he advertisement^, for sevea or eight weeks in tuooasesion in the Geraldton Express. T e Geraldton Express was the same as the Victorian Express, the defendants having altered ita name shortly after the libel action. (Is*U4 of February 8tb, containing the state- ment of claim put in.) He hid never seen inv rea-on assigned f-r.this change. M». Haynes sail.they admitted the corn pan v wa* the same. The Attorney-General ea:d it« name was very modest considering the character of what hal been read. The Geraldton Scourge or Geraldton Terror would be a fitier name. The statement of claim was also published, ono a in the bi-week'y edition, and afterwards it anpeared weekly in the Express, in the front page for seven or right weeks, as he had said. In the Advertiser ot Dsoember 12th, 1894, an p-rtiole was published under the heading, "The Press to be sued for Libel," referring to the issue of the wr t, and publishing the correspondance. It was copied in'o the Express of Daocmbir 14th. Cross examined : Piior to going to Gerald- ton, he was in charge of the Colonial Hos- pital, as house surgeon, under Dr. Waylen, for abont eeven months. Dr. Thi «tieton was at Northampton when witness went, bot he was rot practising, and bft soon after. He was too deorepid to praotiee. The 3,000 oises were an estimate. He had only a reoord of the indoor patients. la 'hore any o o arge of mi-o nduot in that lib 1P Is it not mismanavement ? His Honour : What is the difference P Witness oenthmiog, said he knew tbe caBe of au indoor patient named Jam SB MO moy, admitted to hospital Jano 2nd, 1893, and d's oharg'd on the 13th (ll days after) suffering from paralysis. He was taken ont by his friends and placed under Dr. Laffan pending the arrival of the learned counsel's b'other, Dr. H«ynes, who raid he was coming to look after M ronny, who was Dr. Haynes' brother in law. At the time of leaving the hospital Mooney gave witness the oeriifioate in hiB (Mooney's) handwriting. (The certificate was read and spoke well of tbe tri a'ment tbe patient had received, and denied certain etatementeimplying ill-treatment and negleot.) ! Witness, got this, because Dr. Laffan, who bad been turned out of the Geraldton CluH, wanted to meet witness in consultation and witness deoltoed, and Dr.'Laffan then oom ratnaed to soandallse the hospital, and it was reported had said he would never osase till he had «Dined the Government Btsldent and Dr. E-'iotfc, and witness wanted to protect ljims?lf. It wai rumoured about the town that the mau waa lying in bed rotten with bed cores. WitneiB believed that Mooney did, on the day he left, acouse witness of leaving h'm three days without visiting him. Th-» certificate had not then been given. Mooney was in the private wird, attended to day and night by a nurse. The payments for the use of the private ward always went to the Government. There was no difference in witness' treatment of patients in the private ward and those in the pnb'io ward. Witness modo no personal charge for any hospital patient, private or general. He mada no oharge to H. E. Kenny. The aooount Kenny paid was for services rendered by witness outside the hospital to Kenny and his family. Kenny was in the hospital from the 14th of Februiry to the 4th of March, 1894. If Kenny paid him anything in respeot of that he got a receipt and the money was paid into the Treasury. Witness attended the hospital every day he was in Geraldton. He did not visit every patient. He received Charles Connell into the hospital on December 22nd. 1880. Mr. Leake : 1880. Witness: Fifteen years ago. He was suffering from a compound oomminnted fracture of the leg, the result of a railway aooident. Witness amputated the leg. At Connel i's request witness did all that could be done to save the leg, but it was of no avail, and in order to save the man's life his leg bad to be ampntatsd. Witness told bim so, and performed the operat;on unassisted. His Honour : Did ha survive P-He did. Mr. Haynes: He did. He is ono of tba witnesses. His Honour: Oh! heoertainly did B orri re, unless you are going to calt ghosts. Mr. Haynes : Oh, no ; they will all be in the flesh, what there is of them. Witness, continuing, said he did not neg!e> t the man in any way, and denied that it was in consequence of the stile into which the flesh had fallen that the leg had to be amp«, tated. It was not true that a piece of rope was used in the operat;on, and a couple of months later a piece of the rope over whioh the flesh had grown, forming a lump, was ont out. He was discharged on July 21st, 1881. Witness wrote to the Government and asked them to get Connell a cork leg and give bim employment, and they gave bim work, at whioh he had been engaged ever since. In 1881, Sievewrighfc, 12 years of age, was taken out of hospital with his hip lam». He came into the hospital with l ia hip injurad and neglected. He was tiken out by bis mother, who insisted upon his removal against bia advice, as he was a o ir ter, and witness pro dioted to the mother he would be a oripple as the consequence of the remova1. He was not surprised to hear that Sie ve wright waa R. oripple. Pitobforth's leg was smashed by'a constable's baton while under arrest. It iva* a simple fracture of the knee, and witness took him in from the look-up the morning after the fracture. Witness set the fraotnn. It was not a fact that the second time wit- ness examined it was four or five weeks after the admission. Pitchforth, who was »H. mitted on the 16th of February, remained in hospital sixteen days, and was then discharged at his own request with his leg in splint?. Daring three sixteen days witness paid bim proper attention. Pitobforth was re-ad nitted on the 15th of May with an unnnifed frac- ture. He bad bean re admitted on th 118th of March and discharged on May the 4.b, and then re-admitted on the 15th of May end discharged en the 8th of November, 1880. His leg was a bit crook-d. Wi'ntss had great trouble in breaking down thi fi irons union where the joint wis ab nt to nu te improperly. Witness did not remember re. sitting the leg after Pi'chforth left, the leg; then having got boov union. B ib^rt C ockett was admitted on 8 h November, 1880 saff r ing from fracture of the leg, and dieonarged on January 11th, 1881. Witness believed tho man walked out unsupported. Patsy Shea was admitted with a simple fractura of the leg. and wai di charged perfectly cured. W. Clifford, a ticketof-1 «ve holder Mr. Haynes : That is not a complaint. (Laughter.) WitnasB : Nb. The man was admitted with a united fracture t vo y jars old, d n» in the bueh, without aurg'cal advice. The foot was almost at right ansies with the out ide of the leg. Witness refraotu'ed io and re s a it, ai d discharged bim perfectly cored while C^nn^Il was there. John Dunn, whom wit ie-s went to visit in one of th-» bearding bonita, was Buffering from pa- alysis, tl>e re-n't cf exons, sive drinking. He w«s admitted t < the hospital the 22nd of Jnlr, 1892. K» w*-s discharged on tho 17th ot Oat >her, 1892, and re-admitted on D comber 8 h. Ir. was not true that witness did not examine him once, and that Dr. Spencer examined him only on one occasion. Galvanism was applied every diy for some t;me Witness emt kim to the Mount Elisa Depot. Mr. Haynes : Is he a oripple ?-It all de- penda upon wbat you oall a cripple. He is a paralytic. His Honour said if the man was a para- lytic, the learned counsel mast see he was a cripple. Mr. Haynes : Was he disaharged ourrd t His Honour: He sent him to t ie depot. Witness, continuing, paid John Jackson was admitted with a swollen si le and arm. Mr. Haynes: Did you apply a linseed poultioeP . His Honour : Are yon goirg to ask a jury about this ? A linseed pounce, fifteen years ago. Mr. Haynes : I have given them particulars. His Honour : I am protesting against the wasts of tims of th» 8upreme Gout. Witness, continuing, «aid it was not tm« that he did not visit him if he was in OsraM* ton at the time. George Mitohell, Buffering from lead paralysie. Mr. Haynes : Wae he saffdring from the tffeots of a fall on his hack ? His Honour: Was that his fanlt? Sorely, yonr sense of humour is deserting you ! Mr. Haynes : I really fail to «ea the oooasjon for these remarks. Surely, I am conducting my case with all propriety. (To witness) Did he ask for opening medicine P (Laughter.) His Honour : This is really gatting a farce. Witness, continuing, sai . it was not trne that the patient had to borrow mon»y to buy pills with, end it waB not true that was the only medicine be received. His Honour: It really seems incredible that a dootor would refuse a p'll to a man if he wanted it. Witness, continuing, sud Gaorge Atkinson was admitted suffering from fraoture of the femur cf the left leg. He waa 64 years of age, and the leg might have needed to be broken again after it bad been re-set. His Honour said he was not going to take all these, and asked the learned oounael to gire him a list of all fae intended to call, and he would oheok them off as they vere named. Mr. Haynes said he would put it shortly. Witness said Atkinson wae again admitted at the age of 78 years, and left benanee wit- ness wanted to send him to Mount Eliza Depot. Jc hn Hodgson, 64 years of age, came in very drank and troublesome, with his leg broken. He remained in 170 days. He was a oripple from witneBB's earliest reooUeotions bf him in the district. Bobette eame into the hospital, his leg suffering from the effects of a railway smash. He left the hospital before his hg was oared, at his own request, on aooount of his young woman. He consulted another dootor. He was now perfectly cured, and was a railway guard. Mr. Haynes : Abont Maudeley Witness: Maudsley refused to come to Court. He was brought to the hospital in almost a dying state owing to the shook of a railway accident whioh nearly cut off his leg. When he was ia a fit condition for amputation be (Maudsley) refused to allcw it. He was attended with every care and was now well. John Leary, aged 60, was admitted suffering from scurvy. Witness thought be was the man ba had to discharge for drunkenness Ada Nellay, a private patient, was thrown off her horse, treated by Dr. Spencer for frac- tured collar bone, and dislocated shoulder. She WBB taken to her own house, and sub- sequently she was treated by Dr. Greville. Har shoulder was et ff, but that was because she would not use it. She made no complaint about her treatment. James Toohill was thrown out of a trap and burt bis chest, in 1893, and was discharged nine days later cured. Previous to that he had his shoulder dislocated and witness said he would have it pnt right if he cama in, bat he had not put in an appearance. John Dignon broke both bia legs, falling off the Greenough bridge. Wit- ness attended him and he was cured. Thomas Tetberington broke his leg, and was oured. His Honour: How many more of these gentlemen are there P Hr. L°BB:e: We have notioe of about eighty, His Honour: Oh! . The ailments and injuries of others tren inquired into, these being Thomas Hopwood and Osborne Eitohie-when it waa decided not to ask about the remainder, but to leav« the witnesses to come in and give evidenoe and then if necessary to recall the plaintiff. Mr. Haynes asked the witness whether hi had seen the names on the amended list, and if a y of the pereons had complained to hist of want of treatment or neglect on his part WitnesB replied that they had not. ' CroBB-examioatioa continued : Witness wai director of a paper called the Geraldtor Telegraph. He saw a letter published ia th« issue of Marah 5th last signed by Whitney and Allen. |Letter read. It psrporled tc oombat the statements of " T'othersider."] We had nothing to do with the production ol that latter, and knew » othing abont it before it was published. The editor reoeived dis' tinot instructions sot to refer to the hospital in any way while the trial was pending, Witness was present at the election meeting referred to in " T'othersider'a " letter. He did hear the candidate, Mr. Simpson, asked il hp wonld support a commission of inquiry into hospital affairs. Mr. Simpson replied il any charges of mismanagement were brough! ' to hts notioe, he would have an investigation, Did yon call oat in.an iroaioal manner, « hear, bear " P-Not in an ironical manner, bnt perfectly sincerely. Miobael Barrett wat the questioner, and there were a few around him who applauded. Witness went to Barrett afterwards and asked for the names of the persons who went to the hospital previously trying to breed dissension amongst the patients. WitnesB did, the same evening ol the meeting, when they went np to the dob room, express hie surprise that Mr, Alexander should employ such a "black, gnerd" as Barrett; but he did not ask Alexander to difoharge him. The reason he oalled Barrett a blackguard waa that a few weeks before Barrett and two others bad been detected by witness going round tbe hospital endeavouring to breed ditseneiou amongst the patients. As soon as they saw him they made off. Th« orderly and one of tbe patients complained to him about Barrett and the two other*. Witness asked the \- Government Beaident if he oould rot summon them for trespass, and Mr. Brown said he oould, but advised him not to do BO. Within the'laat twelve months Or. Greville had opened praotioe at Geraldton. A man named Lee, suffering from enteric fever, had refused to go to witness since the letter appeared. Since the letter appeared Mr. Charles Mitohell and family, old patients of his, bad not consulted him. At thia stage the Court adjourned titi half. |Jast 10 a.m. the following day» WEDNESDAY, MAY 22np. (Second Day.) The cross-examination of the plaintiff wai optioned from the previous day. The plain tiff said he knew Mc. Drew, the editor of th« Expresa, wbpn he was a runner, and thc manager Mr. Kenny, when he was a warder. Daring the time he had known Kenny, the latter had been an aoqoaintano*, not afrieod. He had been the medical adviser of Kenny and his family. Prior to the publication of this letter Kenny had never exhibited any hostility towards him. As far ss witness knew, he had always shown himself grateful for the malteal treatment hs received at witness's hands. Kenny had never complained to witness of the treatment received by patients in the pnblio ward. If anything bad buen said it bad been abont the insuffi- ciency of tbe accommodation for the pnblio, but certainly not abont the treatment. Witness might have read the letter and article in the Express cf July 28th, 1893, on the subject of the hospitals, bnt he did not pay much attention to them as they did not refer to bis treatment of patients. It was in con- séquence of a letter or paragraph in ' the Express that he refused to take it in. Witness thanked the editor, Mr. Drew, for inserting the complimentary paragraph referring; to the statistics of the hospital in the Express. He always did make it a practice to thank any one who did so. Be-examinad : Kenny was io the hospital from delirium tremens. He was vary bad, in a dying state, brought on by exoessive drink- ing. Upon every oooasion Kenny came in, some five or six times, he was treated for alcoholism, or delirium tremens. WitneBB constantly received thanks from patients for the treatment they received. The certificate produced was that given by James Mooney. A telegram came from Dr. Haynes to Mooney's friend to have bim removed from the hospital to private quarters. Mooney told witness he did not wish to leave the hospital, that he was well treated, bnt that he had to obey the order of his brother-in-law, Dr. Haynes. Witness a°ked him if he wonld mind putting this on paper, and he did so on the oertifioats produced. When Mooney was admitted to the hospital he bad been strioken down with paralysie, abont SOO miles away. He had no control over the lower ptrte, and was tied to his horse, and oame down in a terrible condition. The day after the eleotion meeting witness a*ked Mr. Simp Bon to see Miohael Barratt and inquire what complaints he had against the hospital. Mr. Simpson told witness he had ¿one so and that Barrett "aid he bad no comp'aints to make. No investigation bad ever been held as a conseaneaoe of that meeting. By Mr. B. S. Haynes : The letter in the issne of June 30th, 1893, «rae one of a series wbioh causad witness to discontinue taking the Exprese. Edward Brereton, priest of the Beman Catholic Cburoh in Geraldton, examined by Mr. Leake, said fae had lived in Geraldton for over seven years, and bad visited the hospital on an avers ge onoe a week. The opinion hs bad formed of the management of the hospital waa, on the whole, a favourable one. Of oonrss complaints had been made to him occasionally. Mr. James : Frequently. Mr. Leake : Occasionally. His Honour : What did you say, Father Brereton ? Witness : W ll, occasionally. His Honour : Mr. James, yon are mis- taken. Mr. James : Pardon rn?, your Honour. His Honour : Mr. James yon are mistaken. I did not say a word, but I did not hear the word "frequently." Mr. L°ake : I oin bear Your Honour oat. Witness, continuing, said the complaints were chiefly that they did not get enough medioine, but it was a long tim9 sinoe such a complaint was made. His Honour: Father Brereton, surely you know it is one of the commonest complaints of ignorant and uneducated persons. Witness, continuing, said from what he had seen he should not object to go into hospital. He had declined to take in the Express because be disapproved of Cfrtain criticisms they bad used concerning his conduct at the election. | Cross-examined by Mr. James : I believe your oonduot was widely criti- cised ?-You ware one of them. Perhaps you will learn I am very proud of it P-Perhaps you are. Your conduct was widely criticised t Witness : Am I obliged to answer the ques- tion P His Honotír : I think so. Now, Mr. JameB I mnBt understand what oonduot it waa whether it was a munioipal or Parliamentary election. Mr. James : It was oonduot relating to a Parliamentary eleotion. (To witness) Your oondnot was severely oritioised by the defen- dant newspaper ?-And by other?. I think you w ra the gentleman who stood at the altar of your cburoh and gave direc- tions to your congregation, to vote against Mr Simpson P-Certainly, I oonsidered I did His Honour : Never mind what yon oon- sidered. Just answer the question. WitnesB: Very well, your lordship. ; The Attorney General : I think this is gett n? rather wide. His Honour : I think so, too, only you have net interfered. Mr. Leake : I don't know what it has to do j with the doctor's BkilL j His Honour : No, nor do I. Mr. James (to 'witness) : That was the con- j duot that was oritioised by the paper P-Yes. I In reply to His Honour, Mr. James Baii he wanted to get before the jury that the witness entertained strong feelings against the paper. , Hie Honour said at present he oould see no reason for the oroia.eramlnation. Mr. James (to witness) : Did yon not raise objeotions to the manner in which the defend anti* paper oritioised yonr action ?-Of conree, I objected. I believed I was unjustly criti- cised. I thought tout as a clergyman I oonld I give directions to my people bow to vot<». A olergyman here did tbe same thing and nothing was said of it, bnt with we it was different. Did you discontinue taking the paper in consequence of the lotter signed " Pro Bono Publioo ?-I may say at onoe it was ia con- sequence of a leading article in the paper oritioising my action with regard to tbe eleo'ion. It had nothing to do with the hospital. Did yon write to the editor about ths way he oonduoted his paper-that is aB to th« way oertain aooidents were reported P - What hnñneBS is that of yours P (Laughter.) Did you write to the editor about the way be conducted his papar P-I think it shows annoyanoe on yonr part to put such a question. After Mr. James had twioe repeated the qnestion, and the witness had refused, His Honour told the latter be must answer it. Mr. James : Did yon write to the editor abont the way he conducted his paper P-I told the editor I thought the oonduot of the paper was anti-Catbolio. Anti-Cath»lio P- Yes. You thought it was anti-Catbolio. Well, go on.-That was one reason I gave him. I also found fault with him for putting in two or three paragraphs trying to build up the reputation of Dr. Laffan. Oh, I see. Dr. Laffin, whom you called ; *' an Irish apostate."-Yes, and " a would-be assassin." (Laughter ) Dr. Laffan and Dr. Elliott are in profes- sional rivalry ?-I preeume so. I suppose you knew that when you wrote the letter P-In writing it, I had no thought of Dr. Elliott. At that time, were there any other medical men in Geraldton except those two P- I don't think so. It ÍB a good long time ago. 1893; that is not long.-I don't think there were, but I am not certain of it. The paragraph yon complained of was oom plimentary to Dr. Laffan P-I believe so. And you objected to it P-I objected, as I said, to the tons of the piper as being anti Catholic Anti-Catholio?-Yes, and that when Father Delaney Who was he f - My predecessor. When he I died they hardly noticed it. Then I said, " there are two or three paragraphs in yap- j terday's paper, the object of which ÍB ts build up the reputation of Dr. Laffan." I Are you not a strong personal friend of Dr. Elliott ?-I don't koo v that. I consider he ÍB a friend of mine. I don't know about ¿ny strong personal friendship. I think the Victorian Exprese people ref QB d to follow your Wiehes P-In what r'speot. They refuted to alt*r the tone of the pat er and make it a Catholic paper, and to koop oat Dr. Laffan. Hie Honour : Did yon got any answer to the letter P-No. The oonduot went en in the same way P Tea. Mr. James : They went on in an ind<?p»n dent way P-I did not objeot to their inde- pendence, so long as they wera not anti Catholic Mr. Janna : So long as they were not an'i Catholic For some time you would not speak to Mr. Drew t-It may be so. Did you not endeavour ta harm his paper among your congregation P-I did not. Did you not oondemn lt in the preaenoe of the congregation ?-I don't remember ever having done that. His Honour: By that, do you mean in church P Mr. James: Oh, no; outside. (To wit- ness) : But you might have expansed your opinion openly to various members of the church as to the oharaoter of the paper ? Tes. His Honour : Well, allow him the same independence as yon want yourself. Have you not spoken unkindly of Mr. Drew P-No ; I oonsidered him an excellent young man. Have yon not abused him amongst your con- gregation P-I cannot remember any abusive terms. You remember when this action eame on t-Yes. It caused some stir P-Yes. Did you sty to Dr. ElliotWor anyone else abont that time, "It is time the paper WSB crushed f "-I don't think I ever did so. Did yon, or did you not P-So far as I ow say, before God, I never did. Be-examined : He volunteered bis evtdenoo beoauee he oonsidered some injustice was ' done to Dr. Elliott. Witness did not know who wrote the letter signed (< T'otheriider." Mr. Drew was a member of witness' congre- gation. William Moore, storekeeper for M°ssrs H. Gray & Co., examined by the Attorney General, deposed that he had lived in the Champion Bay District, and that during the last four years it had been bis habit to visit the hospital as a eeoretary to the Guild of the Ascension in Garald ton. He visited it nearly every Sunday. He had never heard any complaint from anyone in the hospital, that ie among the patients. From what he bad soen, it seemed to him they were wall treated by the dootor and his Btaff. Patients had spoken to him saying they were very well treated by the dootor and M'sa MeKenz'e, the head nurse. Dr. Elliott, BB surgeon to the BeohabiteB-to whioh witness belongil -had attended witneBS and other mimb^r?, and he had heard no complaints arising from his order. Mr. Haynes objected to the evidence on the ground that the innuendo was borne ont by the letter. It was not put forward by the defendants that the letter rcferr-id to the dootor in his private professional capacity, bat that it applied only to hie hospital practice. His Honour said the Attorney-General con- tended otherwise. He held that the innuendo was o ivered by the letter. Witness, continuing, ea:d he was the secre- tary to the R-'ohabres. Br. Elliott always gave satif-f ;etion to them. Cross exe mined by Mr. Haynes: Witness did not remember speaking to Mr. Drew ab mt; the aot'on bein? commenced, and say. ing t'iere had breo, a lot of cripples turned ont of the hospital. Witness had never said anything like it. Witness remembered Drew taking Ktobforth into Mr. Gray's room to make a declaration. Witness, of his own knowledge, die not know of a large number of perrons leaving the hospital oripples. Dr. Elliott never accompanied him on his visits. He never heard complaints from patients, either inside or outside. Franois Jerome Ernest Hart, examined by Mr. Leake, deposed that he was a journalist, and lived in Perth. At one time he lived in Geraldton and was the editor of a local paper Gilled tho Victorian Express. He heard it was subsequently taken over by the present Company. He edited it for between five and pix years, and he ljft it about Maroh, 1889. He knew Dr. Elliott during that period. Ho frequently visited the hospital during that period. From his observation he ahould say the hospital was a very welt and properly conducted institution. The only objec- tion he ever had to it, as a private parson, waa that the orderlies were prisoners. Witness spoke from experience of hospital management. For a great portion of his life he was intimately oonneoted with medicine and surgery. He was the son of a surgeon, the pnpil of a surgeon, and for nearly three years was in a leading London hospital-Guy's. He had witnessed three surgical operations by Dr. Elliott, and had assisted in one of them. It was au important I case, and as no one else was available witness I assisted. Two oases were particularly euo I oesafcl-William Taylor's, and the case of I an attempted Buioide by cntting the throat. Witness gave expression to bis opinion con I oerning the e OBBSS in tha newspaper, in [ complimentary terms to Dr. Elliott. He oonld not remember once receiving a com ! plaint, while he waa editor, from any hospital ! patient as to the hospital management.. He j had frequently heard references to Dr. j Elliott's kindness and the good^treatment he give bis patients. I Cross-examined by Mr. James : Yon seem ' to have filled many positions in your life, Mr. ( Hart P-A few. I You have bern a pupil of a Bargoon, and were three years in a hospital. Wby did you not finish your (ta Hes P-That is my business, no*; yours. Yon see it wan a waste of time, and of no use to yonP-Pardon me; it has been of great ure to me. Yov have been a Civil servant. ?-Yes. A jonrnalist P-Yes, and am sall. You have been a musical and dramatic writer P-That is a journalis*'. Also an anther and amateur actor t-An author and j urnalist. You have a press agency P-I am a journa- list. And you h jive a press agency P-I bare. Witness, continuing, 6aid it was some six- teen years Binon ho left the hospital. The operation in whioh witness assisted was that in Taylor's ca e. Witness did not recognise any strong social cleavage when h.» was at Geraldton, and fae kaew of none now. There was a strong political cleavage. Be examined : The paragraphs produoed were what witness wrote about Taylor's oise. (Upon Veing read tba paragraphs referred to the accident, its treatment, and the resnlt, but ma¿e no mention of any assistance given to the dootor.) Witness did not notioe some sixty or eighty x-ripp'ei in Geraldton. Had ther« been any nnmber of them be mast have noticed them. The only cripples be saw were that s'ortly before he left a good many , were crippled in their means. That waa the plaintiff's case. Mr. Haynes, in opening tbe case for tbe de fonop, explained tbe meaning of the word libel, and then proceeded to reed the letter of " T'otbersider." Referring to that portion whioh referred to the promises of the Govern- ment and their alleged non fulfilment, whioh, I he said, Dr. Elliott had denied, he wonld put I Mr. Drew ia the box and prove it was tru9. His Honour said he was ture Mr. Haynes wonld not prolong the case more than was I necessary. This might be very interesting on the political platform, but iras out of plaoe in j a cn so like this. Mr. Havnes riad what he said wera the material portions of the letter. Tbe innuendo was to some extent exaggerated. Th« defend I dantB did not attack the skill and oompeteucy j of the plamtiff. but the gravamen of the obarge I was that he waa neglectful in his treatment of his patients. He wou'd prove every part of the plea of the défendants light np to the hilt-that is everything (ha*; was alleged as a fao\ such aa " Geraldton can boast of more cripples than any town I have been in," would be proved to he tru\ wini* such pas- sages as that whioh spoke of the hospital being a monument of the (-kill and capacity of the " Government Medico," were merely com- ment, and did not r.-quire proof. He con- tended that in bia offioial oapacitr the conduct of the plaintiff was open to public critiii?m, and that if there were cause for it, there was a duty cast npon the paper to comment upon it. It was said that a newspaper hud no more right than an ordinary individual, That theory had been exploded for a long time; His Honour: Mr Haynes; I cin't ag-ce with that for one moment. Mr. Haynes said he wou'd explain it. There was a fluty ca*t upon a paper, and whether by law or the custom of society did not matter, bnt grtater latitude WAS given to a newspaper than to an individual in criticising the acts of public men. His Honour could not agree with that. Mr. Haynes quoted from Odgers on Libel, p. 35, to shew that though in striot law news- paper writers were in no better position than otbor persons they wore generally allowed greaser latitude by jurie?. His Honour : That is a different thing. Mr. Haynes said stress bad been laid upon the publication of complimentary notices of Dr. Elliott in the Express, bus this went to shew that neither Drew nor Kenny harboured the least malice nor ill-feeliag towards the plaintiff. Bagarding the artiol* whioh spoke of Dr. Elliott as the " friend of the district," Mr. Kenny would tell them is was written with the ob ject of having the hospital placed under aboard, of whioh Dr. Elliott would have been medical superintendent. The learned oonnsel had opened with a great flourish cf trumpets and called this a cruel and unmanly attaok, and said that Kenny, who had been well treated by the dootor, had stabbed him in the baok, and the defendants were dared te put Kenny in the box. Well, Kenny had not then come down from Garald* ton, but he waa down now, and would be the first witness in the box. He would tell Ulam he did not know up to this day who wrote the letter. He would also tell them that he bad no complaint against th» doctor for his treat- ment, that he paid the Government oharge and that he also paid Dr. Eliott his own charges for attending him ; and also paid Conway's bill for the physio. He would produce that bill for the physio. The learned counsel commented severely on the attempt whioh had been made to discredit Kenny by obtain- ing evidence that he was suffering from delirium tremens brought on by exoessive drinking. The Attorney General said the reaBon this evidenoe had been elioited was that Kenny appeared on the list of cripples. His Honour eaid if th it was so, the learned oounsel was justified in asking what was the matter with Kenny. Mr. Haynes commente! at some length upon what, he said, were the venomous re- marks the plaintiff had uttered concerning certain mon whose names had been men- tioned to him during his cross-examination. One man he called " ai expirée," another a "convict," another "a ticket-o'-leave holder." What had that to do with the oase P What was th) obj ?ct if it was not to show the jury that the men were no good, beoanae he knew the men were coming down. If they had been wealthy men they would not have been treated that way, but it was be canee they were convicts or paupers that they were treated like that. He asked the jury to remember that it was because they were convicts or paupers they were cripples. With regard to the witnesi Connell, who would go into the box and toll the story how he was neglected, Dr. Ellioot wonld lead them to believe he obtained a cork lae; for the man. Well, thia leg was a second-hand one. (Laughter.) It was the leg of a mau who had died. The only thing was that ConneU'a leg was out off below the kee?, and the seooad-hand leg was for a man whose leg had been cut off at the thigh. (Laughter ) Con- sequently it would not fit. (Laughter.) Con- nell would tell them that he bought his own leg; and as to the doctor getting him em- ployment from the Government, ha would deny that also. As to Michaol Barratt, the learned oounsel defended him as having aoted solely in the interests of the patients at the hospital, and he ridiculed the idea of there being any possibility of prosecuting for trespass a man who visited the patients from motives such as had, he eaid,actuated Barrett, Dr. Elliott went to Mr. Alexander, and spoke in such a way as he hoped would lead to his being dismissed. Dr. Elliott, no doubt, could give large orders for stores, and thought he wonld have some influence with Mr. Alexander, but failed. He (Mr. Haynes) asked the jury if they ever saw snob a sorry exhibition in their lives, as that made by Father Brereton in the box P What a nice, comfortable place to live in Geraldton must beP Dr. Elliott eaid Dr. Laffan bad be°n dismissed from the Club. What was the ob- ject rf thatP Had that anything to do with itp If he had, the learned counsel supposed there were two aides to the ques- tion. Perhaps it was Dr. Elliott who did it. He did not know. Why did not Dr. Elliott bring his own clergyman, Canon Loach P He âid not know why. Perhaps when Dr. El'iott went into the box again, he could give an answer. I Mr. Leake : Canon Lonoh ia in Victoria. Mr. Haynes: Very well, they could give evidence of it. He wontd ask the plaintiff when he went into the box whether he wonld put Canon Lonoh in the box if he was here. (Laughter.) Instead of putting in bis own o'ergyman he put in Father Brereton, who called Dr. Laffan, " an Irish apostate " and " a would-be assassin." These ware ohris lim words, and beoame a ohristian nrnister of tho religion to whioh ho belonged. This waB the friend of Dr. Elliott, and it was a beautiful alliarco. (Laughter.) The learned o.unsel then Tidiouled the evidenoe given by Mr. Hart, which be described as the amusing part, of the care, and, laughing frequently, he eaid if th:s was the expert evidenoe upon whioh Dr. Elliott sought to establish hil skill, ha (Mr. Haynes) would make him a present rf it. He described the evidenoe be proposed to oall, and said that among the witnos-es wonld be inoluled those who would furnish visible proofs of the effect of the plaintiff's treatment, and would give harrow- ing details of what bad taken plaoe. In oon* clnsinn, he said it was stated it wou'd ruin Dr. Elliott if the plea and justification was proved. He had nothing to do with this, whioh was a statement introduced fer the purpose of influencing thîir verdict. He did sot bring the action. It was the plain'Iff, who chose his own conrse. Were they goif g ta prostitute their own oaths P Were they going against the evidence beoanse of Dr. Elliott P Let them deoide it npon the evidence, without tear or favour, and he asked them not to make up their minds then, but to bear both aides, and then if they believed hia witnesses to bring in a verdiot f< r hie olients. Denis MoGrath, examined by Mr. Jamas, deposed that he was sandal.wooding with his brother at Sharks Bay. In 1893 he was an orderly at the Yioloria Hospital for nine months. There were two wards on the base- ment, and three wards upstairs. One on the basement was u«ed for a snrgioal ward, and the ether for a medical ward. Those down- stairs were for the male patients. Of the two upstairs one was a private ward for paying patienta, and the two others were for female patients. Every patient when enter- ing was supposed to be bathed. There were four baths, one to each ward, exoept the private one. There were different oaseB kept ia the medical ward, and different oases in the surgical ward. All the cassa in each ward bathed in the ene bath irrespective of what they suffered from. Simon was in the hos- pital, äe was a very old man, and usad to Lave fit«. He had a bad leg. Witness had seen him dress it in the batb room, but never saw him have a bath. A man from Don- garra carno in to be treated for a disease. He was not put into the bath. Had be need one be would have to go into one oe the ether of them. Witness n?ed to dress the man in the bathroom, be- cause there was no other room. This mau slept in the o'd hospital with two or three others. Witness used to drasB all tho cases of sere legs, etc. In ths absence cf tbe matron h) use i to dress some of the other oases. A man named Sloper, anffering with his eves, complained to witness about dressing bis eyes after dealing with the Doogar.-a cue. Anotber mau named Bell, often objected. The Attorney-Genexal objected to this lins of examination, as it did not touch the point they had to try. General evidence on the question of hospital management, such as this was, he submitted was not admissible. After some argument, ths objeetion was Upheld. The Attorney-General also objected that certain names mentioned were not on the list BuppHed. Mr. James said they were supplied on the amended list, Sloper's for instance. >The Attorney-General said that the list was furnished on Saturday, upon whioh Sloper appeared as "Sloper, labourer." Who was Sloper P Ally Sloper, er whem P (Laughter). How oonld inquiries be made at so late a time? Mr. James said the particulars were given at the earliest possible moment, and all the names appeared in the hospital books, which rendered inquiry easy. His Honour said he must shut out all these mmes of which reasonable notice had not been given, and the end of the trial was cot a reasonable time. At this stage the Conrt adjourned till half past 10 a,m. the following day. 