GRAND ENTERTAINMENT. B Y SOUTH YABRA TRADES, The arrangements for the ooncert, by the South Yarra Trades, in tbe New Town Hall, Prahran, ou Monday evening next, in aid of the Melbourne Orphanage, are now complete, and everything promises a big success. One of the best programme! submitted to a Prahran audience for a long time lias been prepared, and amongit the artists are Misses Ida Osborne, Amelia Banks, Maggie Sterling, Florrie Knox. Viotti Pearce, Mrs. Carter, Messrs. Barker. Jeffreson and Bray, and Masters Herbert Simmons and Bruce Chamberlin. Mr. A. Drakard will give a short lecturette (specially abbreviated on account of the length of the programme) on the ' Humorous Side of Life,' and also a lecturette on 'The Melbourne Orphauaga,' both will be illustrated with limelight ? ??— ^— ?— . V*..— -- ..... u-**.w t*, i- *..*. **.u~*wu-- «im,i,ui, iiuu i icaiutut £Uli-imuUB nUQ Din energetic committee have spared uo painB— although the time has been very short— to make the affair a big success. His Excellency tbe Acting Governor (Sir John Madden Kt.) will be received by President Simmons and Mayor Luxton' at '8 o'clock. Ladies' and gentlemen wishing for special reserved seats (evening d*es*)'csm have same upon application to Mr. W. Fliutoft.rToorak-i-oad. Heiow we give illustrations of some of the artists. MISS A M E L I A B A N K S. MISS IDA OSBORNE. MASTEE HERBERT SIMMONS. Cambridge Ceicket Club.— A large audience assembled at the Centennial Hall on Thursday evening last, the occasion being the annual concert of the above club, and an excellent programme was presented. The first part consisted of minstrel and variety selections by the Brooklyn entertainers, and ths witti cisms of Messrs Johnson, White, Withcomb and Axton created much amusement. Mr. Will Manton, as interlocutor, kept things going merrily. Misses L. Thomas and Dot Axton con tributed songs in good style, and Miss Violet Williamson -was heartily ap plauded for her bell dance. Messrs Con Baker, Will Manton, Will Hnlnie, and B. Boyd also snug, ihe first part concluding with aa amusing finale, in which Jack Johnson was seen at his best. The second part opened wi h an overture by Mr Geo. C. Mclntosh, after which Professor Sangston, and liis fighting kangaro contributed a novel entertainment, but was gieatly handi capped by want of space. Mr Fred Cochrau was encored for his medley, ' Naggets,'and Miss Hilda Tronson, the clever juvenile elocutionist, recited 'Only » Tear' with much feeling. Messrs Rosevere and White were very good in their specialties, and Misss Thomas s«ng 'Say Am Bevoir' very eweetly. Miss Will Manton was encored for his rendering of ' Saltwater River,' and Mr Chas. Launders contributed 'How they Apologise' in his well kown excellent style. A comedietta by members of the Brooklyn .entertainers concluded the entertainment, the antics of Jack Johnson, as the 'Ghost,' causing roars of laughter. Miss Lizzie Thomas, and Messrs Mauton, Hulme, Williams and Baker also played their parts -well. Mr Geo. C. Mclntosh, as accompanist, was all that could be desired. A Painful Accident. — A very painful accident happened on Saturday last, to the son of Mr. S. Greenwood, of South Yarr*. The little boy. aged six years, on his way home was attracted by the merrygo round in Chapel -street. The cable of the machine passes from the engine underneath the merry-go-round, and a loose strand whicli was protruding from the rope caught the boy by the knickerbockers and drew him almost under tbe machine, The child was rescued by a gentleman and taken to the Alfred Hospital, when a piece of wire was extracted from his leg. ? 