HOCUS pocus in art; | HOW SOME PERSONS WHO THINK THEY KNOW ARE SWINDLED. I Queer TrIcJ:s Practiced by Men YV'Iio Malta a Living With Pencil and Brush—Car : toonistsTVith More Than Ono Name—One j ; v.7!io Made His Ghost Famous. h ■ Artists who sign tlieir names to pic- p tnres that other men paint aro quite plentiful in this town. In a little store 1 on Fourth avenue, just around the cor- 'l ner from the American Academy of De- _ sign, there are some very pretty exam ples of water coloring for sale. The j signature in the corner of each canvas is that of a woman. The dealer was in a communicative mood the other day, and as he was talking with a reporter ho picked up one of the paintings and hold it to the light for observation and discussion. “That woman brings some very good work in here for me to sell,” said he. “There is one peculiarity about her, though. She always writes her signa- | ture in my shop.” The dealer paused as though to be questioned. . “Why does she do that?” was asked. ; “Well, I suppose she doesn’t like to put it on at the studios where the pic tures are painted.” “Sho doesn’t paint her own pictures, then?” “Not all of them. It’s easier to pick them up here and there and bring them^ to me to sell 1 don’t know how much sho pays the artists who paint them, and I don’t caro. It’s none of my business. All I know is that the work is very .good and that I can get good prices for it.. 1 suppose sho is building up a reputation on thostrength of these canvases. Well, why shouldn’t she? Sho gives work to a lot of people who would probably starve otherwise. Yon see, scores of persons can paint pictures and very few have the knack of getting them sold.” Sometimes an artist signs more than ono name to his own work. This hap pens every day on some of the illustrat ed weeklies published for Broadway circulation. The publisher doesn't like to see ono man’s name signed to every cartoon or foil page picture. He does not want it known that his staff of art ists is so small. Not long ago one of the cleverest of the illustrators used to sign his own name to the big two page picture in tlio middle of the periodical and a nom de plume to the first page drawing every week. In a little while he began to receive letters addressed to the assumed name, giving orders for work and full of compliments. He had built up a reputation for the mythical artist which he could not get for him self. His pride was hurt, but he swal lowed the humiliation and proceeded to increaso the fame and the revenue of his ghost. \- A New York artist who draws for the pictorial weeklies tells a story of his experience in England at a time when all the publishers were,-demanding French illustrators and had no use for native talent. This particular artist knew that ho could cut corsages as low and skirts as high as any Frenchman that ever lived. He had spent several vacations and lots of hard earned mon . ey in seeing the particular sido of Pa • risian life that the publishers were howl ing for at that particular time. He assumed a vc-ry Freuchy name, wrote in that language altogether and submitted his sketches, which already out-Frenched tlio Frenchmen in their naughtiness. Ho made a big bit, bis mail orders were numerous, and for many months he enjoyed a lucrative in come under his title of He Boulanger or whatever it was, while all the other English illustrators were drawing for the religious weeklies, which cannot afford to pay half as big prices to their artists as their more wicked and per haps more iutef?^.^^ '7ct^^rstore in' ’ .Harlem there were exposed for sale not long ago two small canvases with the magic namo of Corot in the corner. The price of each was §250. Now, a genu ine Corot 13 worth anywhere from $1, 000 up. Was it a mistake or an at tempt at swindling? The pictures were in Corot’s style, and only an expert could tell whether they were genuine or not. Tho dealer would give no written guarantee. He said he believed the two canvases were genuine, and he explain ed the lew price by saying that he bought the pictures from a man in hard luck who was ignorant of their value. The purchaser took all the risk. If ths pictures were not genuine Corots, their | real value was anywhere from $5 to §50. That is one of the queer things in the art business. There are pawnbrokers in this town who have been known to go into a pic ture swindling scheme, as more than one credulous buyer has learned to his cost. It i3 not an infrequent occur rence for an amateur in art to be ap proached with a inquest to buy a pawn ticket calling for a lot of pictures pledg ed for, say, §100. The pictures, the stranger says, are worth at least §250. He will sell tho ticket for §25. If the amateur buys it, he pays not only the §25 for tho ticket, but the §100 aud in terest to tho pawnbroker. it is a perfectly safe and easy meth od of swindling. Neither tho pawn broker nor the ticket seller is likely to be eangbt. Tho pictures may only be worth §10. It cannot be proved that tho pawnbroker knew this or that tho other man knew it, for that matter. The victim has scarcely any mode of redress. Swindles) like this would not be possible but for the fact that very many men believe they know all there is to be known about art, when, as a matter of fact, they know nothing at all. Or, in oilier words, “tho crop of suckers never fails," to quote the old maxim of the green goods dealer.—New York World. I Beg Pardon, Solemn Stranger—All flesh is grasa. Deaf Man—Hoy? Solemn Stranger—No, grass.—New York Press. Certainly the best m-di'-i'ie known is S un!, i Suns’ Eucalypti Extract Test ns eminently powerful effects in coughs, colds, i: fliiciwA- the r*-!ipf is instant ne, ons. Tn si vinos esses, n.' d accidents of all kb ds, lie the.v wounds, horns, sca'dings briuses, sprains, is the safest remedy—no swelling, no ir.n.am ition. Likesumming efforts nr-'diic-d in cronn, diphtheria, bronchi-'is, infl mie-itimi of the lungs, su’e'ling, etc..; ilian-hos-i dvsonfc- v, diseases of tin-- ki-'i> vs and orb arv organs. In hsi; at hospital and 'inr'iis-l c'in'csn'l ovpr .he gh'-bw : n tronired bv His Majesty the King of Italy, a'd crowned with medals and diploma at International Exhibition, Amsterdam. Trust in this anproved article and reject all others.—fAnv» 1 According to Stewart, Onli", the curator of iho Mnsi-nni • f Aicbieplngy of the i rnivers-'tv of P-unsvlva'ioia, football o i-tim.fc.d with those beginners of every thing, tlio ChiiK'se. Mr Oniin has a curious and ancient dnring showing a per sonage in the dress of a prime minister p’nving football with a ktige, or noble, and two iif their chamberlains. Tho time is somewhere in the tenth or eleventh century, but long before the game was cultivated as an exercise suitable for soldiprs. About Fm eight century it was introduced into Japan, when it became very popular. From the'e two countries it spread over the entire world. The rainfall, as-recorded at Tungaraah for tile past week, is as follows May lltb, *02; loth, 09. Total-11; points, m-iking siuce 1st January, 7 inohea 24 yoiufcr, I . 