THE MELBOURNE GHOST SCARE. WIDESPREAD TERROR. [From th.0 Melbourne Age of July 31.] Of course no one believes in ghosts. In Australian surroundings the suggestion, of such phenomena seems absurd, because with out the assistance of old graveyards or romantic ruins with associations of mysterious crime, a disembodied spirit finds itself too much "alone in the world to impress the public with a due sense of awe. Yet, in spite of-uncon genial circumstances, there is no gainsaying the fact that the existence of ghosts is nightly being asserted by phantom manifestations suddenly revealed to unsuspecting wayfarers in dark quarters of the n|#tropolis, and as rapidly withdrawn. The intangibility of these apparitions alone assists the notion that they might be supernatural. If they loitered for a moment they could be tested at the throat, on the nose, in the eye, at the point of the jaw, below the belt, or a, posteriori, "and their mortality instantly determined upon beyond a doubt. As they pursue the Fabian policy of judicious retreat, however, their victims "shy," and .failing to find anything to investigate on recovery are quite nonplussed. Talk even tuates. The (tale of the three black crows applies to ghost stories, and then any suburb without a wraith is held to be behind the times. Very soon after the South Melbourne spook"—a commonplace electric light illu sion—had been exploded there were rumors of the appearance at South Yarra of an uncanny looking goblin man dressed in a soft black hat and a huge overcoat of the same color, who hung about sombre parts ,of unfrequented - streets, - and had the Christian-like habit of following young ladies" home. One of the victims • said after leaving some friends one evening she noticed this figure on the other side of the street, but could not see its face. It walked if she walked. If she stopped it stopped. Having occasion I to use her handkerchief, it did likewise. Finally it ran in front of her, threw open the [ great coat it wore, and exhibited the words, i "Prepare to Meet Thy Doom"in luminous paint.. She screamed, and it disappeared. 1 A week or so later, about half-past 1 on a bleak, dark morning, Constable 3594, .on duty near the Sarah Sands Hotel, Bruns wick, met the town lamplighter careering to wards him in a breathless condition, pale and perspiring. This man, a tall, strong young ! fellow,- about 25 years of age, named Bate, [ explained that be had " seen a ghost." Bate lives at "West Brunswick, where the settlement j is merging into the open country, His story is that on his way along Fleming-street, which practically runs between two fenced paddocks, pursuing liis nocturnal duty of turning, out the lights, when nearing the corner of Park-street, "a black cloud suddenly presented itself in front of him, and whisked past his side with a swish." He turned to look behind, feeling a littlp_ startled, and saw it rapidly receding in his wake. Although it seemed shapeless, he concluded it must be a bicyclist without a lights and yelled after him, " All right, Spider, good night." Then he tramped on with his lamp stick, thinking idly of good ness knows what—the love or the ambition of a lamplighter—and keeping close to a fence. Whisk! A black cloud passed like a cold wind with astounding celerity between him and the post and rails forward into the darkness, to a distance of 20 yards ahead, turned in a semi circle, came towards him and passed him again on the other side. It was no bicyclist this_ time, he thought, for his ear had been strained to catch the rattle of a machine, and , he had not heard it. Moreover, the manifesta tion had cleared a gutter which would almost smash any bicycle, and certainly set his bell going Bate shouldered his lampstick and ran for the nearest house at top speed. He says few men can give him him 10 yards' start in 100, but although fright impelled him to Tam .o' Shanter alertness the black cloud again over took_him,_ making him trip with fright and sending his heart into his boots. When it had again got well ahead it seemed to open out into a blase of phosphorescent light. Again it passed him, and finally disappeared. A newsboy the other night, trying almost hopelessly to sell papers amongst the half deserted land boom settlements of East Bruns wick, saw a tall, dark figure of a man standing erect near an empty house._ Approaching him the lad bawled, "Paper, sir?" whereupon the cloak was thrown back, and the man's body was revealed in'an apparently incandescent condition. "I'll never he short in my money any more," blubbered the boy, and bolted like the wind. A poor old lady, about the same time, having occa sion to go into her back yard saw a similar apparition there, and was so shocked that she became nearly insensible, and has not yet recovered. To a policeman she said she!;had seen one of Shakspeare's plays at the theatre some time ago, and it looked like a horrible character called "Hamlet's father's ghost." It appeared to her that the thing vanished through her house instead of out by the back gate. The Brunswick police stato that some_ years ago a resident there was guilty of playing the ghost. He went away for a time, but has . since returned. Having carefully watched him, however, they do not think he'is the culprit. A son of one* of the local coun cillors, who has a Mephistopheles fancy dress, horns, tail, and bats' wings complete, "is also, after surveillance, pronunced to be above suspicion, but that some inconsiderate mounte bank is playing upon people's nerves is evident. " Spring-heeled Jack," as he is called after a celebrated English criminal, has been reported as seen recently on different nights in Gladstone-street, South Melbourne; in the reserve at the corner of Dandenong-road and Chapel-street, Windsor; at Elsternwielc, Fitzroy, Norfchcote, and Col lingwood. The description given of him in most cases includes the limelight effect under his overcoat. At Nortlicote a woman who saw him says he exhibited a coffin on his stomach with the cheering inscription around it, "This is ior j'ou," whereat she was much. alarmed. At Elsternwiek last Wednesday evening the supposed ghost was followed by a local con stable and some young men through the pad docks _ to Allison-road, where he was observed to_go into a house. _ A search of the premises failed to discover him, hut later in the evening, when the place was temporarily left in charge of three children, a man in dark clothes with his facehlaekeuedappearedatthedining-roomdoor. The youngest child screamed in fright, but the eldest, a boy of 11 years, although also much upset, seized a red hot poker and "went for" the intruder, who: thereupon noiselessly got away out of the front door and over a fence into oblivion. Marks of the skates or springs he wore were noticed on the linoleum in the passage. - . By far the most serious report in connection with these manifestations has been one which, for three days past, has been current all over the metropolis, that a boy named Brown, living in Mater-street, Collingwood, who had been frightened by the man m the overcoat lined with brimstone, had since died. A representa tive of the Age enquiring into this matter last night was informed that happily this state ment is quite incorrect, young Brown being as well as ever and attending night school. As previously reported, he was returning home on Monday night week, when he was con fronted with the spectre, who exhibited the. words on his . body, "Prepare to meet thy doom." The poor boy shrieked with fear,_ and Constable Nolan, who was re turning off duty, ran to his assistance, just in time to see the dark figure . disappear around the corner of the street. Nolan, being too far behind to give chase effectively, took young Brown home in a palpitating con dition. The same ghost has been "playing it rather low down," as they say in the locality, on young couples spooning under the trees in the neighboringreserve, giving them tremendous frights at critical moments. Three girls crossing a vacant allotment were frightened by it a night or two ago.' Their screams brought a man and his wife to the door of a neighboring house, and the latter, seeing the rampageous goblin, fainted into her husband's arms. In Keele-street, Colling wood, the other evening, it was seen disappear ing into a half-built house. Several men gave chase,- and one fired a pistol shot-after the retreating figure. No harm was done, but the report of the firearms aroused the whole' street, and a great commotion followed. Our representative yesterday called on a lady living; at South Melbourne, who stated that on Saturday night last, when returning home with her daughter, a girl about 10 years of age, along Ferrar3-street, just as she was about to cross Gladstone-street she saw the profile figure of a man in the centre of that thoroughfare, standing about S ft. high ! "It" had on a soft felt hat over its eyes, and an immense overcoat with a cape. Under the cape was a sort of short skirt-like appendage of white material. Being too frightened to pass the apparition, she and her daughter fled into' a neighboring hotel for assistance. . When they came out of the. bar immediately after wards the thing was gone. This lady is a woman of good character, and both she and her daughter were so much affected by what they saw that they had evidently not recovered from the effects of their fright yesterday. . These numerous reports are naturally causing a widespread feeling of uneasiness amongst the female and juvenile population after nightfall and during the dark hours of the morning. It is simply disgraceful that mischievous practical jokers have exercised such terrorism so long undetected. Last night news came to hand from South Yarra that the masquerading scoundrel had been captured, but it turns out the prisoner was only a "weak imitation. Sydney Errington, a lad aged 17, who resides with his parents in Great Davies- street, left home shortly after 8 o'clock decorated with flaming red whiskers, a pair of spectacles, and a grotesque adornment of sticking-plaster arranged upon his cheeks. On his head he had placed a red Tarn o' Shanter cap pulled up high, and he was also attired in an over coat and a colored silk necktie. After frightening some girls' in a dark part of the Toorak-road he caused two other females to scream and run away by glaring at them from under a lamp-post near the railway station. On his way home by way of Powell street into Great Davis- street he was arrested. Whilst it is to be hoped that this young gentle man will receive a caution commensurate with the folly of which he has been guilty, it is to be hoped the police will not rest content until they have secured the principal offender and had him treated in an exemplary fashion. If the force takes this hint and, bestirs itself the wearers of great coats on dark nights would do well to advise their best girls not to keep them loitering about too long at street comers, in case it should lead to a misapprehension. 