BALLOONING SPIDERS. < Xhad climbed tip the side of a canon in the .'Sierra-Nevada, ■ and sat looking up the green river .that wound its: way into rthe range, when my oyo caught what ap peared to .be'a dainty- bit of lace floating along1.1- On' it came, so steadily that it seemed: possessed with a certain intelli gence* neither rising nor falling, as stray bits of-chaff or down are wont to do, but moving in a direct line. No sooner had it'passed than another came^into view, then I another, and then all at once the space", bet ween: the two banks seemed filled. with; the floating objects which might-have been the ghosts of fairies, so delicate were they. As one floated quite, near hie: I put out my hand to catch it. Then-I-found that I had arrested a Veritable" "balloon in its progress—an. animal balloon, made by a delicate little ierbnauN I reached out and caught another. It, too, was a balloon, and it dawned upon me that I was watching the passage of myriads of ieronauts that were being drawn tip. the narrow canon by the current of air .that flowed along so silently. Bnt who were the ieronauts ? None other than spiders, each balloen being occupied by one, and I realised that it was'a most remarkable race, in which thousands of" balloonists were taking part. As one of the delicate structures drifted against my arms the aeronaut stepped deftly from the car, and for a moment stood still, so that I had a rare chance to examine the dainty craft and navigator of the air. The balloon was a ball, or rather platform, of fluffy web or silk that resembled spun glass, and quite large enough to afford the spider ample room to rest upon. This platform corresponded to the car or basket of a balloon. Ab another ball came floating by I discovered attached to it a slender thread of silk that seemed to be the supporting medium. It exteuded directly upwards, and bent in the breeze, forming u delicate perpen dicular column or sail. The little insect crawled up to the highest point of my ooat sleeve, then, raising its spinnarets aloft, ejected a delicate thread. Every second it grew longer, and as it grew it rose directly upwards as if it was vastly lighter than the air. Up it went, higher and higher every moment, until. I judged it to be three feet long, and then a very curious thing occurred. The spider was almost lifted from bis legs. Another second passed, and then he appeared to be lifted again; then he turned and ran a few steps directly info the air theu turned again, and, bead downwards, sailed away. So the thread of silk was, in reality, the balloon. The spider spins the thread out uutil the wind takes it and wafts'it away. The fluffy platform is formed later during the flight, and when complete the icronaut rests upon it as securely as the human teronaut in his basket. That the spider, a slow traveller can make itself a balloon and journey across deep canons and raging torrents is certaiuly an evidence, not only of its in genuity, but of its intelligence. 