SONS OF FIRE. BY MISS BRADDON. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. CHAPTER XXII.— (Continued.) Those meteoric appearances of Geoffrey's had made life much harder for Suzette. She might have fought against her love for him more successfully, perhaps, had he been al- ways near; had she seen him almost daily, and become accustomed to his presence us a common Incident in the daily routine; but to be told that he was in the far north of Scotland, yachting with a friend; and then to be startled by his voice at her shoulder, murmuring her name In Discombe Wood; and to turn round with nervous quickness to see hiui looking at her with his palo smile, like a ghost — or to be assured that ho was salmon-fishing in Connetnara, and to seo him suddenly sauntering across the lawn in the July dusk, more ghost- like even than in the woods, as If face and form were the mere materialisation which her own sad thoughts had conjured out of the twilight. He would take very little trouble to ex plain his unlooked-for return. Scotland was too hot; the North Sea was like a vast sheet of red-hot iron, blown over by a south wind that was like tho breath of a blast-furnace. Ireland was a plane of bad inns and inex orable) rain, and there were no fish, or none that ho could catch. He had corae home because life was weariness away from home. He feared that life meant weariness every where. Tho days wore hurrying by, and now Mrs. Mornington talked everlastingly of tho wed ding, or bo it seemed to Suzette, who In these latter days tried to avoid her aunt as much as was consistent with civility, and flod from the Grove to Discombe, as to a haven of peace. Mrs. Mornington loved to expatiate upon the coming event, to bewail her niece's indlfferentlsm, to regret that there was to be no festivity worth speaking of, and to enlarge upon the advantages of Allan's position and surroundings, and Su- zette's gow fortune In having come to Matcham. "Your father might have spent a thou sand pounds on a London seasou, and not have done half so well for you," she said, conclusively. The General nodded assent. Certainly, between them they had dono wondorfully well for Suzette. From this worldly wisdom the harassed girl lied to the quiet of Discombe, where the peaceful silence was only broken by the deep broad stream of sound from the organ, touched with over-growing power by Mrs. Wornock. Suzette would steal softly into the uiusicroom unannounced, an<J take her accustomed seat in the recess by the organ, and sit silently listening as long as Mrs. Wornock cared to play. Only when the last chord had died away did the two women touch hands, and look at each other. It was about a week after that wearying day in Salisbury wheu Suzette seated her self by the player in this silent way, and sat iisteuing to a funeral march by Beeth oven, with her head leaning ou her hand, and not so much as a murmur of praise for music or performer stirring the thoughtful quiet of her Hps. When the last melancholy notes, low down In the bass, had dwindled Into silence, Mrs. Wornock looked up, and saw Suzette's face bathed hi tears — tears that streamed over the pallid cheeks unchecked. Geoffrey's mother started up from the organ, and clasped the weeping girl to her breast. "Poor child! poor child! He was right, then? You are not happy." "Happy! I am miserable! I don't know what to do. I don't know what would be worst or wickedest. To disappoint him, or to marry him, not loving him!" "No. no, no, you must not marry, not If you canuot love him. But aro you sure of that Susie? Are you suro you don't love him? He is so good, so worthy to be loved, as his father was — years ago. Why should you not love him?" "Ah, who can tell?" sighed Suzette. "Who knows why love begins, or how love gets the mustery? I lot myBelf be talked Into thinking I loved him, I always liked him— liked hia company— was grateful for his attentions, respected him for his fine nature, and then I let him persuade me that this was love. Friendship and liking are not love; and now that the fatal day draws near I know how wide a difference there is between love and liking." "You must not marry him, Suzette. You know I would not willingly say one word I that would tell against Allan Carew's hap piness. I love him almost as dearly as I I love my own son; but when I see you rais- i erable — when I see Geoffrey utterly wretch ed, 1 can no longer keep silence. This marriage must be broken off." I "He will hate me; he will despise me. | What can he think me?— false, fickle, un- t worthy of a good man's love." ! "You must tell him the truth. It will ; be cruel, but not so cruel as to let him go on believing in you, thinking himself hap py. living in a fool's paradise. Will you let me speak for you, Suzette?— let me do what your mother might have done had she been here to help you in your need?" Suzette was speechless with tears, her face hidden on Mrs. Wornook's shoulder. The door was opened at this moment, and a servant announced Mr. Carew. Allan had approached the group by the organ before either Mrs. Warnock or Su zette could hide her agitation. Their tears, the way in which they clung to each other, told of some over- mastering grief. "Good God! what is the matter. What has happened?" he exclaimed. "Nothing lias happened, Allan, yet there is sorrow for all of us— sorrow that has been coming upon us, though some of us did not know it. Suzette, may I tell him — now, this moment?" "May you tell me? Tell me what?" questioned Allan. "Suzette, speak to me— you — you, no one else!" Fear, indignation, despair were In his tone. He caught hold of Suzette's arms, and drew her towards him, looking search- inglj at the palo, tear-stained face; but Bhe shrank from his grasp, and sank on her knees at his feet. "It is my miserable secret— that must he told at last. I have tried — I have hoped — I honor— I respect you— Allan. But our hearts are not our own; we cannot guide oi govern their impulses. My heart is weigh ed down with shame and misery, hut it is empty of love. I cannot love you as vour wife should. If I keep my word, I shall bo a miserable woman." "You shall not be that," ho said, sternlv —"not to make me the happiest man iii creation. But don't you think," with chill ing deliberation, "this tragedy might have been acted a little earlier. It seems to mo that you have kept your secret over care fully." "I have been weak, Allan, hopelessly miserably weak-minded. I tried to do what was best. I did not want to disappoint you " "Disappoint me? Why, you have fooled me from the first! Disappoint me? Why, 1 have built the whole fabric of my future life upon this rotten foundation! 1 was to be happy because of your love; my days and years were to flow sweetly by in a paradise of domestic peace, blest by your love. And all the time there was no such thing. You did nut love mo; and the hopelessness of the endeavor is brought home to you to-day— three weeks before our wedding-day. Suzette, Suzette, never was woman's cruelty cruellor than this of yours." She was in floods of tears at his feet her head drooping till her face almost touched the ground. He left her kneeling there and rushed away to the garden to hide his own tears— the tears of which his man hood was ashamed, the passionate sobs, the wild hysterical weeping of the sex that seldom weeps. He found a shelter and a hiding-place In an angle of the garden, where there was a side-walk shut in by close-cropped cypress walls, and here Mrs. Wornock found him presently, sitting on a marble bench, with his elbows on hia knees, his face hidden in his hands. She seated herself at his side, and laid her hand gently on his. "Allan, dear Allan, I am so sorry for you," she said softly. "I am very sorry for myself. I don't seem to need anybody's pity. I think I can do all the grieving." "Ah, that Is the worst of it. Nobody's sympathy can help you." "Not yours," he answered, almost sav agely; "for at heart you must bo glad. My dismissal makes room for some one else— ; some ouo whose Interests are dearer to you ! j than mine could ever be." I "There is no otm nearer or dearer to iqo thau you, Allan — no one— not even my own son. You have been to mo as a sun the son of the man 1 fondly loved, whose faco 1 was to look upon only une(»— once after those long year:; in which we were parted, 1 have loved you as u part of mv youth the living memory of my lust lnvo. Ah' my dear. I had to learn the lesson of seifl surrender when l was younger than you. I loved hiui with all my heart and mind' and I gave him up." ' "You did wrong to give him up. Ho himself said so. But there is no parallel between the two cases. This girl has let me believe in her. I have lived for a year in this sweet delusion — a bliss no more real than the happiness of a dream. She would have loved me; she would havo married me; all would have been well for us but for your son. When he came my chance was blighted. He lias charms of mind and manner which I have not — like me, they, say, but ten times handsomer. He can speak to her with a language which 1 havo not. Oh, those singing notes on the violin — that long-drawn sweep of the bow, like the cry of a spirit In paradise — an angelic voice telling of love ethereal — love released from clay — those tears which seemed to tremble on the strings — that loud, suddoa sob of passionate pain, which came like a. short, sharp amen to the prayer of love. ! I could understand that language better j than he thought. He stole her lovo from me — set himself deliberately to rob me of my life's happiness." j "It la cruel to say that, Allan. Ho is incapable of treachery of deliberate wrong doing. He is a creature of impulse." "Meaning a creature with whom self is the only god. And in one of his impulses he told Suzette of his love, even in plainer words than his Stradivarius could tell tho story; and from that hour her heart was false to me. I saw the change in her when I came back— after my father's death." "You are unjnst to him, Allan, In your, grief and anger. Whatever his feeling may have been, ho has fought against them. He has made himself almost as exile from this house." "He has been biding his time no doubt; i and now that I have had the 'coop do 1 grace he will como back." ! CHAPTER XXIII.— "THAT WAY MAE)- J NESS LIES." It would have taken a very respectable earthquake to have mado as much sensa tion in a rural neighborhood as was mads in tho village and neighborhood of Mat cham by the cancelment of Allan Carew's engagement to General Vincent's daughter. The fact that no visitor had been bidden to the wedding seemed to make no differ ence in tlie rapid dissemination of tho news. People from twenty miles round had been interested, people from twenty miles round had come up to be taxed, and bad sent pepper-pots and hair-brushes, paper- knives and scent bottles, fans and candle sticks—all of which were now returned to the givers in the very tissue paper and cardboard boxes in which they had been sent from tbe shops or stores, accom panied by a formal little note of apology.The marriage had been deferred indefinitely; and, at his daughter's request. General Vincent begged to return the gifts, with sincere thanks for the kindly feeling which had prompted, etc. "It will do for someone else!" That was the almost inevitable excla mation wheu the tissue paper was unfolded and the gift appeared, untarnished and un damaged by the double transit. Then fol lowed speculations as to the meaning of the words, "deferred indefinitely." "Indefinitely means never," pronounced Mr. Roebuck; "there's no doubt upon that point. He has jilted her. 1 thought ho would begin to look about him after bis father's death. I dare say he will have a house In town next season— a 'pied a terre' near Park Lane — and go into society, In stead of vegetating among these Boeotians. He must feel himself thrown away in such a hole." "I thought he was devoted to Miss Vin cent." "Nonsansc! How could any man be devoted to an insignificant Frenchified chit without style or 'savoir faire?" "She has a pretty, niquant little face," murmured Mr. Roebuck, meekly, not liking to be enthusiastic about beauty which was the very opposite of his wife's Roman-nosed and flaxen-haired style. Upon Mrs. Mornington the blow fell far more heavily than on Suzette's father, who was very glad to keep his daughter at home, albeit regretful that she should have treated a faithful lover so scurvily. "If the poor child did not know her own mind at the beginning, it's a blessed thing she found out her mistake before it was too late," pleaded the General to his irato sister. "It is too late— too late for respectabi lity — too late for common humanity. To lead a young man for over a year, almost to the szeps of the altar, and then to throw him off. It is simply shameful! To make a l'ool of him and herself before the lias belittled him. No doubt all the women will say that he has jilted her." "Lot. them. That cannot hurt her." "But -it can hurt me, her aunt. I feel inMinn/i in slnn mv must intiniaie friends when they ask me leading questions, evi dently longing to hoar that Allan has acted badly. And when i assure them that my nieeo is alone to blame, 1 can S'?n in their faces that they don't, or won't, bellevo me. Aud why should they believe me? Could any girl, not an idiot, throw over such a match as Allan, has become sines his father's death?" "I hope that vou don't menu to say that my girl is an idiot?" "I say that she has acted like au idiot in tins aite'iv "And I mv that she has acted like att honest woman." "1 shall never ho able to look Lady Emily Carew in the face agaiu." "Don't be alarmed about Lady Emily. She will be no more sorry to keep her sou to herself than i am to keep my daugh ter." "She won't have him long. He'll be going off and marrying some horrid eud- of-tlie-ceiuury girl iu a fit of pique." "1 don't believe he is such a fool." Matcham might talk its loudest, and dispute almost to blows, as to which was the jilt.er aud which the jilted. The principal performers in the tragedy were well out of ear-shot — Allan at Fendyka with Lady Emllv, Suzette at Bournemouth with an old convent friend and her invalid mother, people who had no connection with Matciiam, and in whose society the j-rirl( could not be reminded of her own wrong doing. Tho, Invitation to the villa at lBranksomo had been repeated very often: and on a renowal of it arriving just after that painful scene at Discombe. Suzette had writteu promptly to accept. "If you don't mind my coming to you out of spirits and altogether troubled In mind, cherle," she wrote; and the girl, who was a very quiet piece of amiability, and who had v/orshipped her livelier school fellow, replied delightedly, "Your lojr spirits must be brighter than other people's gaiety. Come, and let the sea and tho doY.ms console you. Bournemouth is lovely in September. Mother has given me the charmingest pony, and I have been care fully taught by our old coachman, who ii a whip in a thousand, so you need not ho afraid to trust yourself beside mo." "Except for father's sake, it might be a good thing if she were to throw me out of her cart and kill me on the spot," mued Suzette, as she sat listlessly watching her maid packing her trunk. Among the frocks there was one of the Salisbury tailor's confections, a frock which was to have been worn by Mrs. Allan Carow, and Suzette felt that she would alolt with, shame when she put i ou, "i ought to be prosecuted for obtaining goods on false pretences," she thought. Geoffrey Wornock found a telegram wait ing for hint at tbe little post office at !bin> burg, and the mere outward casing of th'd message set liis heart beating furiously. There must be news of his love in >L news good or bad. "i will not. live through her \vcd(ling-ua>"» If she marries him," he told himself. The telegram was from bis mother. "Tho marriage is broken off with much sorrow ou both sides." "That's uousense. On her part there can bo no sorrow — ouly relief of mind, onj. joy, tho prospect of a blissful union. a ;l,e without a cloud. Thank God. thank God. thank God! I never felt there was a GO' till now. Now 1 believe in Hlm-now will lift up my heart to Mini in nightly am daily prayer, as Adam did by the slue Eve. Oh, thank God, the bander is i«- moved, and she can be mine! My 0 dear lovo— heart of iny heart— life of my Hfo." lie carried a fiddle among his senntj hL gage; not tho treasured inimitable ra' - varius. but a much-cherished little . ' and by-aml-by, having eaten some bun i ' scraps by way of dinner, he too. tm out of its case, and wenl out to a 1 garden at the back of the inn. «»' vine-clad boreeau gave himself up 10 passioned utterance of the love that <. flowed his heart. Music, and musa < could speak for luiii — music was the - pveter of all his highest thought. ' stolid beer-drinkers came out oi ib ' smoke-darkened parlor to hear nun. 1 sat silent and unseen behind an Int ei r ing scroou of greenery, and listened approved. (To ho continued,) 