KATHERINE'S VENGEANCE [BY THE AUTHOR OF " PAULINA LISLE."] PART II. CHAPTER XIV.—(Continued.) On the night, then, following Miss Herncastle's adventure, Sir Peter rode gaily homeward at a much earlier hour than usual, the richer by six hundred pounds. He was in high spirits—for him ; the night was lovely—bright as day and twice as beautiful. In his elation all his constitutional dread of ghosts, of " black spirits and white, blue spirits and gray," vanished, and he was actually trying to whistle a shrill little tune as he scrambled along; The clocks of Castleford, plainly heard in the stillness, were striking twelve as the baronet entered his own domain and rode up the avenue. What was that ? His horse had shied so suddenly as nearly to throw him off. They were near a huge oak, called the King's Oak, from the legend that the young Pretender had once taken refuge there from his pursuers. Its great branches cast shadows for yards around. And slowly out of those gloomy shadows—a figure came—a white figure, with streaming hair, and face upturned to the starry sky. All in white—true ghostly garments—noise- less, slow, it glided out and stood full in his path- way. The bright, cold light of the moon shone full upon it, and he saw—the dead face of Katherine Dangerfield ! Katherine Dangerfield ! Not a doubt of it. Who should know the face better than he ? as he used to see her long ago in her white dress and flowing hair. Katherine Dangerfield, with a face of stone upturned to the midnight sky. He sat frozen for a moment—frozen with a horror too intense for words or cry. Then the startled horse shied again, aud a shriek rang out in the mid- night stillness, those who heard might never forget. The horse plunged madly forward, and there was the sound of a heavy fall. The groom, half asleep at his post, rushed out ; two or three dogs barked loudly in their kennels. The groom rushed forward aud seized the horse, quivering with affright. He was riderless. At a little distance lay Sir Peter, face downward, on the dewy grass, like a dead man. And nothing else, earthly or unearthly, was anywhere to be seen. CHAPTER XV. " AS IN A GLASS, DARKLY." The groom echoed his master's cry as he stooped and lifted him up. He was senseless ; he had struck his forehead on a stone, and was bleeding freely. It was an awfully ghastly face upon which the moonlight shone. The double alarm had been heard. In five minutes another of the grooms, sleeping over the stable, came running to the spot. ''Th' maister hurt,'' groom number one explained ; been flung off his horse. Gi' us a hand here, my lad, and help us lift him oop and carry him into house.'' They bore the stark and bleeding form between them, found his night-key in his pocket, opened the door, and carried him up to his own room. One or two of the servants appeared ; the alarm was speed- ing through the household. ''Best tell my lady,'' someone said ; ''and, Davis, hadn't thee better go to Castleford for a surgeon ?" Both suggestions were acted on; my lady was summoned, very much startled, and very peevish at being disturbed in her '' beauty sleep.'' ''And what could she do ?'' she fretfully asked. ''Of what use was it summoning her ?'' All was confusion ; servants standing nonplussed, my lady's only emotion, as she stood in her flowing white wrapper, gazing with much disfavour at the bleeding face and motionless figure, one of anger at being routed out. The groom had gone for the surgeon ; pending the surgeon's arrival, nothing seemed likely to be done. In the midst of the '' confusion worse confounded'' appeared upon the scene Miss Hefncastle, also in a wrapper, alarmed by the noise, and carrying a night-lamp in her land. ''Oh, Miss Herncastle !'' my lady exclaimed, ''perhaps you may know what to do. I am sure I don't, and it was most inconsiderate awakening me in this manner, when my nights are so broken, and with my shattered nerves, and all. And then the sight of blood always makes me sick. Perhaps you can do something for Sir Peter ; he has had a fall off his horse, and seems to be stunned. I don't believe he is killed. I wish you would see, and if it's not dangerous, I'll go back to bed.'' My lady shivered in the chill night air ; the great rooms and long corridors of Scarswood were draughty. ''I would stay with pleasure, of course, or if there was any real danger, or if Sir Peter were dying, or that kind of thing, but I know he is not.'' '' I dare say you would,''' more than one of the servants present thought, as they listened to this wifely speech, and smiled furtively. ''If Sir Peter were dying, my lady, you would stay with pleasure.'' Miss Herncastle's calm, pale face, looking more marble-like than ever in the fitful lamplight, bent over the rigid little baronet. She felt his pulse, she wiped away the blood with a wet sponge, and discovered the trifling nature of the cut, and turned to my lady. ''Sir Peter is in a fainting fit, I think; my lady ; probably, too, stunned by the shock of his fall. The wound is nothing — a mere scratch. There is not the slightest danger, I am sure, and not, the slightest necessity for you remaining here. In your delicate state of health you may get your death of cold.'' My lady had never been sick two hours in her whole life. ''Permit me to urge you to retire, Lady Danger- field. I will remain and do all that is necessary.'' ''Very well, Miss Herncastle, I believe I must. I fear I shall be ill, as it is, after the shock; my nervous system feels completely unstrung. If there should be any danger, I beg you will send me word the very first thing in the morning.'' And then my lady, with a wretched expression of countenance, wended her way back to bed, and Miss Herncastle, had charge of the lord of Scarswood. She dismissed all the gaping servants, with one or two exceptions— the housekeeper and a man— and set to work with the air of one who understood her business. She bathed his face and temples with icewater ; she slapped his palms ; she applied -salvolatile and burnt feathers to his nostrils ; and presently there was a flutter of the colourless eyelashes, a tremor all over the body, and Sir Peter's small, near-sighted, pale blue eyes opened and fixed themselves on Miss Herncastle. ''My dear Sir Peter, how do you feel now ?'' the soft, sweet tones of that most soft, sweet voice asked, '' Better, I sincerely trust.'' He had not known her at first; he blinked and stared helplessly in the lamplight; but at the second look, the sound of her voice, an awful ex- pression of horror swept over his countenance ; he gave another wild cry of affright, half-started up, and fell back senseless once again. It was really a tragic scene. All the exertions of the governess failed to restore him this second time. The momenta dragged on ; the housekeeper (not Mrs. Harrison, of Sir John's reign, en passant ; she had left upon her master's death) and the butler sat dumb and awe-stricken. Miss Hern- castle, never wearied in well- doing, applied her restoratives incessantly, until at last, as all the clocks in Scarswood were chiming the half hour after three, the groom and the surgeon came. The surgeon was a young man, a new practitioner, and considered very skilful. He brought Sir Peter round for the second time, presently, and once more the baronet's eyes opened to the light of the lamps, and the moon streaming in through the bars of the Venetians. He stared around, bewildered, his face still keep- ing its expression of horror, his eyes fixed on the faces of the physician, the housekeeper and the butler. Then he spoke, in an awe- stricken whisper : '' Where is she?'' '' Who ?'' It was the surgeon who asked. '' Whom do you mean, my dear Sir Peter — Lady Dangerfield ?'' ''I mean Katherine Dangerfield.'' The young doctor had heard that story, stranger though he was — had heard of Sir Peter's delusive and ghostly belief, and shook his head. There is no such person here, my dear Sir Peter ! Your mind is still -----" Sir Peter raised himself up on his elbow, with a sort of scorn. ''I tell you I saw her — saw her twice! Don't talk to me of my mind, you fool ! I saw her ! She came— oh, Heaven ! — she came and stood before me out there under the trees, all in white, her hair flowing, and her dead eyes turned up to the stars ! I saw her! I saw her! and live to tell it! And five minutes ago I opened my eyes and saw her again, her dead eyes, her stern face looking over the bed !'' The young doctor recoiled. Had Sir Peter gone entirely mad ? Mrs. Butler, the housekeeper, came forward— a genteel creature, and the widow of a curate. ''My dear Sir Peter, you alarm yourself unneces sarily. I assure you'' — Mrs. Butler revelled in I words of several syllables — '' it was the governess, Miss Herncastle, whom you beheld a few minutes ago when consciousness returned. My dear Miss Herncastle, pray come forward and corroborate my assurance. Miss Herncastle, hovering aloof in the moonlight and the shadows, came slowly forward, speaking as she came. (To be continued.) 