RACK FROM HOBART. INCIDENTS OF THE OUTING- WERE DELEGATES SERIOUS? THE CONFERENCE AND ITS FRUITS.: MEN WHO MADE THEIR MARK. AN AUSTRALIAN SENATE Br "Tub Heoalu" Si'Eciil. While the public have heard all about the business nipoet. of the federation ' conferences at Hobart, there are one or twQ aspects of tbe gathoring in tho Tas- rn.inUn capital which remain to be told.1 Some ef tbe sidelights of tho oating- bave an interest of their own as being of a more or less personal cha racter, for of many of the men who took part in the procvedings iu tho Tasmaniin capital little or nothing is known outside the limits of their own respective colonies. Whatever may be thu outcome of these federation gatherings and demonstra tions, on thing is certain — Hobart will never be tho federal capital. Delegates made a firm reiolve on this subject when passing through the Port Pnillip Heads in the face of a galo on Friday cvoniagin the Patcena. Thero was scarcely anybody on board who woe uot sick in some degree. Had the chief steward in his round of sympathy on Friday night taken tbo opinions of the five Premiers as they lay prostrate in their berths, Micawbcr-fiko, waiting for something to "tarn up," he would h&vo; received an emphatic verdict frernat least four of them thai tho Federal capital must not be outside Australia. , Sir James Patterson was advised that lying on one's back ia an infallible means of preventing sea sickness, and for about an heur boforo the Ilrad were roachcd he busied himself in lecturing tho delegates, their wives and daughters, on tho advantages of tlie recumbeut posturo. Iu hia own case, howover, it did oot saeui to bo attended with satisfactory results, as for two days after rcaobingTasinmiLibo was still suffer ing Mr Federation Dcakin (to quote the Chiof Justice) was "laid out", aud Air itoid, lof Now South Wales, hugged to his breast bottle of antidote apojially prepared for his use by a Melbourne chemist, which, I nm afraid, bad not tho elfcot expected of it. Tho cabin literally groanod with invalids, and if no one " gavo up tho ghost " amidst all tho woo and suffering of tho night, u great many gave up a heap of other things which troubled thorn quite at much. The Tasmaniao Government differs in many respects from all other govern ments. It duos not spend money un necessarily on anything or anybody. It is thorough in nothiog ntore than in econoxn). In Victoria or New South Walos or South Australia a special train is trottod out ou very small provocation. But five Austra lian Premiers and twenty-four Federal doleeatM, representing a whole continont, a Canadian embassy , aud the special representatives of the leading news papers nf Australasia, did not disturb tho wonted calm iff the island Govern ment. Tho Customs officers trad instruc tions not to be too particular about the luggage of the visitors, and so by a gracious effort their dirty linen wa not turned out for inspcctinu on tho wharf. A spocial car was put ou the Hobart train for the use of the .com pany. aud to ensure that oo ouo would reach Hobart in an unseemly con dikion, nothing more harmful than a water filter was put on board iu the shape of crcnturo comforts. A rigid inspection of tickets was mudo at the barrier, and once more from car riage to ca. ,'iags bofore the tram was per mitted to leava tbe platform, an impres- aion having got abroad that Australian politicians are not to be trustod aa to the number of wives and families that are liko y to accompany rack dele gate when thore are free pa«sss about. Tbe newspaper roprasouta- tivvs accomnanying tho expedition paid rhslr full fares, and Mr Fyh, the Treasurer, who wrn evidently present to 00 that the colony's revenue was uot cheated of a ainglo copper, looked cheered at tho prospect of full harvest. When thw train reaohed I'sratah in the evening there urns aacrntnhle for the tables at the public refreshment ronms, in which tho delegates aud the ladios accompanying them had certainly not the bust of it. S»iue had to go without, and alitor paid for what they did nut gut, while a little thoughtful cnnt>id«ration on tbe part of tho Govonimvnt would Uavs averted all diicomfort. A a matter of fact, tho Gov»-ratnnt (lid not sotftn to bs awaro of the fact that any hospital ty wa expectocl of it whatever, snu actou uccorniiigiy. Hobart hai g«oat pretensions in the matter of public convoyitucoi. It cabs are all camitguH uud uro drawn by two horses, commonly of u type that attracts the notice of tho polico or humane society in any other country. A p-irty of four wuon driving tw their hotel, on arrival in the rasiiiuiiian capital, irad barely got soatod when tho hor«rs triod to g. t their In oU into the inside of tho conveyance, smashed thu polo and pliyed up generally. Fortunately no one was hurt but the driver, who lost hi f«re and other wise sustained material Ions. Another party touk ono of these public currisgo for an outing. ou Sunday niteriiuon. Tim drive woe interrupted right distinct times ill a journey of five miles through n succouion of breakdowns. First it was the barneao that collapsed, then the bralco, noxt the vehicle, then the horses, aud lastly the drivur. The return to town was niodo oil foot, and a'trr this the driver had the impudouce to demand Irs f«ro t The question ha often been asked in tbo course of the conferences— Ara these men serioue in the causo »f Federation ? On this point tho futuro alone will supply the answer. It may bo said, how- over, that there is a certain degree of inietruab among the delegates thmn. elves. Sir John Forreat bax not taken any troublo to disguiio his mistrust of Mr Raid. Tho Frotmor of Wunt Australia may be- doing the Premier of New South. -Wulee an iujustioe, but he . almost openly accuses him of playing the game gf federation for , purely personal motives without having any serious iutontiou to advauco 'the ctiu'se 'one tinglo atop. Mr Douglas (Tasmania) ridicules tho very suggestion of Mr Raid's ssriuqsnre. TheQuuonahind delegates, on . tbe oihor hand, twit Tas mania with " playing tbe game," fraying that ' the hna no intention of giving up the boavy.susav duties which she levies againat Qurensiand, nnd this, too, in pita of Vilr. Fyeh'e protestations to the contrary. Then it is felt that West Australia is only " bluffing" the other colonies, for the delegates from thero do not hAsitato to say that federation with intercolonial freetrade would ruin them. They ire only starting in life, and cannot afford to givo up the revenuo they are now enjoying through taxing the imports of the ether colonies. Thoy want it all, and if thoy are to give it up iu its present form a substitute inunt be fcuud. Tho only delegates who seeiucd true to their public utterances ou the subject were tho Victorians. Mr Turner, Sir Jatncs Patterson, Mr Deakia, and the others all spoko nnd voted on the principle that individual sacrifioo must be made beforo federation can bo accomplished. They do uot propose falling out with their neighbors on the details so long as tho general principle can be established. Queensland is also doubtful of Mr Reid's bona fides, aud Mr Nelson gave Victoria to under stand that, whatever happened, tho northern colony wootd be the friend of Now Sonth Wales, to which Us thought great concessions ehoold bo made by all the other colonies, eo aa to induce her to join in -With the exception of the West Aus tralian delegates, who really do not want federation at prevent, there is a general feeling among thoso who attended tho conference at Hobart that the present demonstration, notwithstanding individual differences, will be attended with good results. ' It is believed that apart from politicians the people aro aroused to tho importance of the question, and will act for them selves if their lenders show apathy. The Premier's schome was really desind with the express intention r.f intimidating the respective colonial Parliaments into moving towards a practical solution of tho federation question, it not being seriomity intended > to consult the people directly as has heeu tnodo to Appear. It was felt that tho rsriiaxnonta would never allow the matter to bo talcen out of tbeir control, and that it was only nccossary to force their hands by a threatened appeal to the people. Ae Sir James Patterson pointed out, the Federal Council, as it nuw stands, may be taken as a fair sample copy iff what an Australian senate ie likely to be. - in tho general type aud ability of its members. Tho debatos at tbo conference were on the whole of a very able order. West Australia may be said to lake tho honors with MrHackctt, whoso spoech on thu federation topio wa undoubtedly the best deliverod last week, at Hobart. This rising jwlitican was formerly a resident of this colony, boing a graduate ol Melbourna Univer sity. Ho tried to cot into Par liament here, but failed, and iu lesiug hie larvlces to tho coun try wo lost a good man. - He is a magnificent speaker, Hueut and earnest, and ie certaiuly u credit to tbo colony which has been fortunato enough to bo represented by him. He completely overshadows his Pre mier, whose force of character seems to be bis only rudeeiuiug feature as a public man. Anether man, who has bcon brought to tbe front by tlm confer ence ie Mr Byi-nss, the Queensland Attor ney-General. Like Mr Hnckett, he will be hpitrd of in thu great federal futuro, being not only Kelinlarly and eloquent, but thoroughly practical in his views, He speaks seldom, but always to tho point, _ The Viotorian delegato-t wore rather disappointing from the poiut of viow of their speeches, even Mr Deakin failing to coino up to hi usual level. In Mr Ilackeit, Mr Deakin Iran got a furinidxhlu rival, and nu doubt whoti federation is aa accomplished fact thoy will have many a pauega-at-aruis ou thu fioor of the Aus tralian senate. The Tosmaniau delegates spoke (with fow exceptions) with great ability, Mr Fyeh'e financial speech helng cau of the beet delivered during the week. Sir Jamee Patterson wax mildly argu mentative, without any of his customary fire. Mr Turner did not'feol called upon to be anything moro than placiJly omtodU- tory. 