ONE LAW FOR ALL. BT LADY COOK, nee TKNNKSSF.K C. CLAPXTN. Ouït glorious cause is like, that grain of mustard seed which, once sown, grew into a noble tree, whose pro- tecting . branches overshadowed the whole earth. We have had too many instances during the past year of the unequal conditions which customs and laws apportion to women. Cases have occurred, and very recently, in which husbands have slain the seducers of their wives. ; In each, apart from its merits, the slayer was generally applauded. In the last recorded, he was acquitted by a jury, and left the court exulting in his act. But, let a woman kill the female seducer of her husband, let her shoot, poison or stab his mistress, and she becomes a common malefactor for whom judge, jury, and society have neither admiration nor .pity. Plaudits for the man, the scaffold or penal servi- tude for the woman. Now, we do not advócate that women ; should be , permitted , to murder. We simply; point out the different meed'of "justice" awarded to each for a precisely similar offence. Again, everyone knows, or ought to know, that it is a common thing for a man to have .one or more mistresses on .whom he bestows his attentions and his. ' wealth. Some people talk as if this'were only a continental practice. Would to God it were. But the chief/difference is that here men haye .their mistresses secretly, and ! on., the continent openly. .In both places they keep a wife tor profit pr reputation, and a mistress, tor' pleasure, " '.The wife is encouraged . to , economise, the mis- tress. toHbe extravagant. . And.often the mistress ¡ can only, be ¡ afforded thrpughi the careful expenditure of the .wife. Nor is this confined to j worldlings. ; ? How 1 many a : canting hypocrite ;. goes through the-little farce. of, * religious observance and home decorum' during one part ¡of [ the day, and is locked m the arms of a. lewd ¡ woman: for the remainder ? If Asmodeus would lift the' house roofs for us ^during ? any twenty-four hours of the year, and permit us to look down on áll' gomg 'ori'm ' this great city; what do my readers think they would see ? VÚ-- :. ^'¡¡ ? But if presumably . reputable women-'took ' to polyandry what would be said of them ? Or even if one depraved arid aberrant creature ao; sinned,' would not society through- out' the length arid breadth of this ; Christian ' country stone her till she died?" Wprrion make allowances for the; failing pf ^ men. How are these kindnesses reciprocated ? Wives are of teri seen to cling to their husbands ¡ iii 'all misfortunes that may. befall them."',Their la'rgb-heartednoss arid loyalty \ impel them to follow with true, sympathy even to tho foot of tho gallows. , This is all as it should be. ' But let a husband,stand by his wife iii' her^érrprs or crimes, let him sit near to, watch over her say in, a court bf, justice ..when she. stands a grispner, arid tho world will wonder 0,w¡ aiiy ,.modern man could be, so foolish; ¡or ;so chivalrous.; .¡What-ia expected; from a i woman surprises' us in a. man. ,'"¡ i M, <¡¡:Í .*«' ... :.<.?> ??>:.>:>. :?.'<-.: ,. ,The,/mani,who is unfaithful to his wifei;iopks , to , her for forgiveness. Her,,charity covereth a multitude of ainsi ¡Barely does she remain obdur- ate to., his «expressions of pénitence and amendment, and her generosity is. livery;.frequently tested. But' the sinning:) woman expects- -no- pity, because it is so seldom accorded. . For her to ;fall ¡is tobe condemned, and to be condemned is to be expelled from home,, husband, children, and caste; What shall we say then to these things?,1 Is it from her inferiority or from man's' injustice, and the far more cruel' injustice of woman to woman, 'that'what is venial in the one is' ás the sin against' the Holy' Ghost ' in tho other ; that what ia loyalty-in the'woman is meanness in the man]; and that he may with impunity do'that daily which would be niora! and social death for her to do once' iii a lifetime. We protest against the assertion of her inferior- ity! At; .'each; point,,.her conduct proves, the -co^htrary,, and other cir cúms^ncésl give, force to our argu- ment, .',:'., 7 . Wo, would .by no means excuse immorality ? in a., woman any more than in a man. But we plead for equality . of judgment. And we protest against the loathsome hypo- crisy .that : publicly requires women to be chaste and privately debauches them when the opportunity occurs. We protest against the law which divorces a wife for adultery, but refuses to divorce the husband for the like offence. We protest against all systems of morality whicn are modified by sex, and against all legislation which refuses a complete separation to those who aro divided in heart, and whose legal union is rendered intolerable through mutual weariness, opposing sympathies, dis- gusting habits, or general incom- patibility. Such couples are already divorced by the eternal law of nature, a law superior to any formu- lated by priest or layman. The primogeniture, bastardy and inheri- tance, are so framed that, instead of being moral safeguards, they offer the greatest incentives to immor- ality. Wo are wise in many sciences, strong, in invention, and rich in discovery." But the one of most importance - Social Science -has comparatively few students, and is little understood or regarded, Wo existing law, the laws of require searching and thorough examinations of candidates for any office in our public departments, from a rural postman to an attache, but from those who make the laws and rule the Empire we demand no proof of knowledge necessary to their functions. A prosperous butter man from Cork, an inexperienced scion of a wealthy house, or a youth- ful cadet of a great one, a butcher, baker, grocer, tailor, ploughman or raw mechanic, is as eligible for the suffrages of parliamentary constitu- encies as the most devoted student of social science, as a Caires, a Mill, or a Spencer, and perhaps would stand a fairer chance of election. Thus the vote of an ignor- amus may nullify that of a philoso- pher ; the shallow-who are always too numerous-may swamp the pro- found; the superficial men of narrow vestry ideas outvote those whose penetration is deepest, and their views wider than the wants of a class. It is no wonder, then, when worm Tiimself into the House of Commons, becomes at once a full- blown legislator, that our laws are often conflicting, unreasonable, and unjust; that our foreign policy is a game at shilly-shally, and our home policy a constant wobbling from reason to unreason. Good Govern- ment requires clear and undeviating views of equity and social needs. In this way alone can we be strong abroad and happy at home. If those who legislate for the education of the massess would also apply a necessary educational test for them- selves, the House might become a most powerful lever for the elevation of society. We want men of cultured faddist or tyro, who can mind and. noble independence in our Houses of Parliament, and especially: in ,the Lower House, and not mere owners of; wide acres or big bank balances,''nor greedy brewers arid lawyers making "M.P." a stepping stone to personal ambition and sacrificing the country to party exigencies. The woman voters bf New Zealand haye just given us ari object , lesson, and shewn how men ought to vote. When it shall have been' leárrit hore, our cause will bo full of fruition, and our moral preçëp tiöns will be cleansed of the errors that now cloud them.' Immorality and' injustice' will no ' longer ' 'flourish under specious names,, nor that,.bo thought good iii a man which would be evil in a-woman.' ? There must :be one law for all, one rule; of right, one measure of capacity, and privileges to sex<and sex alike; .. . ??.nh-.iy MÍ 