LADIES' GOSSIP. A Japanese bride's playthings are burned on her wedding day, typifying the end of her childhood. Enthusiasts are always vexed at the .slow ness with which a cause or a movement pro gresses. ' There are so few women editors in London,' said a lady the other day, who is anxious to see women employed on equal terms with men in iournali-sm as well as in other professions. (She was light if she meant editors-in-chief, but the number employed in editorial functions is not inconsiderable. Even the Times lias had to give way to^ the new movement and has appointed Miss Shaw, the ?writer of the brilliant letters from Africa that appeared in its columns, to a permanent post as ' colonial editor.1' A person's character can often be best told by the color and depth of his eyes, writes a contemporary. People do not usually apply more than four or five colors to eyes ; so that any that are not blue, or black, or brown, or hazel are called grey. Yet there are a hun dred different kinds of grey eyes. You seldom see a stupid person with grey eyes; but the genuine grey is always found among highly intellectual people. Steel-grey eyes with large pupils denote intense feeling : blue-grey eyes are generally possessed by people with kindly hearts. You never find a inean spirit behind a pair of blue-grey eyes. Blue eyes denote quickness of thought and generally fino physical development when they are large and bright. About nine-tenths of our eugineers, lighthouse-keepers, policemen, army and navy officeis, and many others selected for physical perfection have blue eyes. Very fx-\y blue eyod people are color-blind or near sighted. Hazel eyes denote musical ability and grace of person ; they are very pretty eyes, too. The cleverest woman in the matter of dress is the plain woman who contrives never to let you know she is plain. To be successful in this' respect one must have natural good taste. It's no use to put oneself entirety in the hands of a good dressmaker. Dressmakers need directing. They cannot be expected to know a customer's weak or strong points as well as she should know them herself. All women, except those with hopelessly bad figures and no throats, pay for dressing. A gown is usually becoming if it is of the .same color as the wearer's eyes. A bright bandeau under the brim of a hat is apt to have an ivnpro\ing effect. Good taste is a thing for which to be thankful. Those who posbess it are inclined to value it too lightly. A late conversation between a number of women chanced to fall upon the common occur Tence of women marrying their juniors. It was remarked (says the New York Times) that these marriages were almost invariably happy ones. . One of the group ventured the opinion that the reason for this lay in the wisdom gained with years by the wife, and in the knowledge thus attained as to how to manage her husband. .Another thought that ft man always wanted his wife to 'mother' him and was best satisfied when she did, while she was naturally satisfied by his satisfaction. A third was sure that to take care of others was a^ woman's true . ' vocation and the Eecret desire of her heart, and that this calling was most entirely entered upon when the selfishness of extreme youth was past and. when the husband was younger than her self. One of the talkers contributed her quota N to the stories of remarkable differences in years between man and wife. A one- time bishop of Maryland, she said, married a woman who had ; been one of his mother's bridesmaids and who had made his own christening robe, lie was eo devotedly attached to her that, when she died from extreme old age, he mourned her memory, with no thought of filling htr place ai' the rest of his life. There is one great reason for the lack of con versational power ; in too many cases the art 5b never practised inside the home circle, writes Louise Eoyle in the Ladies' Ilor/ic Journal. No attempt at pleasant converse is ever made save when visitors are present ;_ the various members of the family may gossip a little or discuss purely personal affairs, but they make no attempt at entertaining talk. In point of fact, the art of conversation is like a game of battledore and shuttlecock — one needs the quickness and dexterity of constant practice. In many busy households the only general gathering of the family is at meal time— a time above all others when worry should be banished, if only for the sake of physical comfort. Yet this is the very time when the mother will complain of domestic worrv, the father of business cares, and the daughters of shabby frocks. All this should be changed ; it ought to be a rule in all households that disagreeables are to be banished at meal time. If complaints must be made let them come at a proper time, but do not im peril your digestion by eating while you are in an irritated and discontented frame of mind. Pleasant talk, relieved by an occasional laugh, will be more beneficial than pounds of pills. In the household there should not only be an avoidance of unpleasant topics, but an attempt to find agreeable ones. Each member of the family sliould come to the table prepared to say something pleasant. Any bright little story or merry joke or any bit of world's news that will loosen the tongues and cause animated talk— how it 'will 'increase the brightness of the working day. There need be no profound discussion— it should be just lively touchand go talk. 'It is wonderful,' says the Ladies? Gazette, 'how many unexpected uses thrifty people can find for worn-out and apparently utterly worthless articles. Take, for example, an old, battered, and dilapidated high silk hat which is not worth doing up again and is in too dis reputable a condition for anybody to wear. The idea occurred to one of those notable women who love to turn everything to account that by stripping the silk olf her husband's dis carded ' gossamer' she would have a de lightful piece of material with which to make one of the useful and smart-looking little handbags that are so much in use at present, and which prove such a conveni ence when one goes to the theatre. All appearance of being rubbed and woru entirely disappeared when the silk was re moved from its stiff foundation and a lining of bright gold-colored satin seemed the most appropriate contrast to the soft black material of the little bag, a drawing ribbon of the same shade being provided by which to hang it on the arm. ~ ' What a lovely plush your bag is made of,' all her friends remarked, and she is too proud of her ingenuity to conceal from them that she defrauded the garden scarecrow in order to provide herself with this pretty and original little handkerchief bag. Supposing anyone to be lucky enough to have, among her possessions an old white silk hat, such as some of us may perhaps remember having seen on the heads of elderly beaux several years ago, would not this look pretty lined with a delicate shade of pink or blue?'1 Among nursery hints given in a contempo rary are the following :— Gas should never be used in the nursery — the best light is that of oil lamps. These should be hung well out of reach of the child, .so that there is no danger of their being upset. In the night nursery use candle!, and night lights. If your nursery walls are hung with paintings or engravings bo cure lul they are of good quality, for bad paintings ruin a child's taste and make him take a dislike to drawing. We all know that first impres sions are the most vivid and the most lasting. A child should never be allowed to be frightened, for it may lead to fits or the child may grow up timid and wavering. Nurses should never tell him a tale of goblins or ghost's' or the lif,t)e fellow will wake in the nights, having dreamt he has seen a ghost or some object that the silly nurse lj.%3 been describing to him the day previous!}'. Should a eliild have such dreams lie must have some kind person in the room who will soothe him, fondle him, and take him into her arms, and let him feel that he has someone to rest upon and to protect him. lie should never be bcolded for being frightened. From the letter of 'Rita' in the Mel bourne Lender the following, .dealing with the prevailing popularity of the bicycle, is taken : — One thing which interests me in this part of the world is the bicycle craze, just now at its height. Riders of both sexes spin past our present abode on Saturdays and Sundays, and i have ample opportunity of studying the various styles. A well- known doctor and a learned judge, with their respective wives, are among the most regular cyclists, but I must say that I have not yet seen the woman who looks by any means graceful on her machine. However, it must 1)0 an inexpressible consola tion to the 'new woman' to know that she has abolished man's monopoly of the bicycle. Monopoly is very much like a baby ; the average man objects to it on principle until he has oue of his own. The same cannot be said of the 'new woman,' for 1 fancy her objection to babies is too deeply rooted to make any ex ceptiou. To return to our ?noutons— otherwise our bicycles — every English and colonial paper that oue takes up has something: to c-ay on the subject. In Paris a heated controversy has been raging as to whether the wealing of knickerbockers by women cyclists is, or is not, desirable, and the verdict seems to be generally contained in Sir Roger de Coverley's discreet utterance that 'there is much to be said on both sides.' The fact remains that Euglisli women with few exceptions cling to skirts, while in Paris 09 out of every 100 have adopted the so-called rational costume, the favorite style being very full knickers arranged in any number of pleats. Madame Sarah Bernhardt has given her opinion on the subject of cycling costume and has pronounced in favor of the skirt for all but exceptional circumstances, all her feelings being for the retention of 'decora- tive' as opposed to what she considers mascu line dress for women. In this she seems to be supported by other prominent Parisian women whoso views have been sought by the (Jaulois, and have been epitomised by the Standard correspondent. Madame Bernhardt also ex presses afearthat 'theoutdoor life encouraged by the bieyelette may have dangerous and very grave consequences, ' more especially in the, direction of drawing women away from the duties of their home life. That this was the the tendency of the skating rink mania which prevailed in the colonies some years back we know by experience. Madame Melba says :— 'I abhor masculine costume for women. It is ugly, and I have even on the stage never con sented to wear it. . . . The bieyelette, for which I confess I have no prreat liking, is eimply a pretext. It is much less for motives of convenience than for more, mysterious reasons that the skirt is sacrificed to the ample breeches.' A very convenient style of dress adopted by some lady cyclists consists of knickerbockers covered by a skirt, both being sown into the one band. A few weeks ago I saw a partyof both sexes spinning along the Brighton-road. All seemed to be clad in the same style, and had it not been that the nether garments of the ladies were somewhat more voluminous than those of their male escorts it would have been a matter of difficulty to dis criminate between them. 