: OLD-TIME MEMORIES. : SOME ABORIGINALS I HAVE KNOWN. No. II. BY SIMPSON NEWLA.NL>, ■ Author of "PavinK the Way," &c..; Big Tom ww a tall, wiry man of a deoidedly ' pnoitio disposition, though he,could fight-like a demon when the ooowion arose, ' fie used to perambulate, the district with his two wives, invariably turning iip at harvest time r.to reap atdeast one field of my father's wheat, whioh he always took by,sontraot. Hethus ,. utilized the labours of the partners of his joye add edrrows in a moreeffeotual way than was . ■ possible-under the despised daily wage .system. Tom'a attachment to his old master was deep ' and laating/apd ho looked.upon himself as ■ bound by honour to him in all emergenoies. t He would shepherd to. fill a gap, or do anything else if' desired; but harvest work was his specialty.. No more faithful, honest, reliable soul ever animated a blaok r form, or .a' white one either'. Without the ' smallest attempt at force or intimidation this j servioe continued for years, until poor old Tom ' went to the happy hunting grounds. He, ■ however, survived both Big Solomon and One> armed Charley, and indeed the greater num> ' berof his people. Let us hope that his life _ was happy and his end peaceful; he oertainly ' deserved both, for biB virtues were all bis own,. ' though be was only an ignorant, generally ' despised savage. When some valued friend ' has died w6 lalid his virtues in Buch words bb these, and sosrcely feel that we can say more . —" He was a good husband, a kind father, and a true friend." Well, Big Tom was all these. . From him I learned much of the customs. and opinions of his people, and I have often heard him lament the deoaden'oe of his race.. He gnd all his family figure in "Paving the Way" kt considerable length. Shaking Jack, bo called from being affected by the pslsy, was another noted oharaoter. Hib appearance was repulsively ferooioue, and struck terror into - the women and young people of the distriot. He generally stalked about stark naked, except for a lavish, ' gorgeous coating of grease and red ochre. No doubt the unfortunate wretch was deranged at times. It is a generally aooepted faot that savage tribes greatly respect the insane. This is not characteristic of the aborigines of Aus tralia so far as I know them. They are certainly kind to them, as to others of their sick, but they rather laugh at their vagaries than reverenoe them. To the oust of my re oolleotion Shaking Jack did not excite a muoh higher estimation among his own than among ■ our people. We now oome to the Darling aborigines, in many respeotB a more interesting people. Of the Parkingee tribe Bnrpoo, the reoognised chief when the whites stocked the Upper Darling with sheep and cattle, was perhaps the most remarkable. In person tall, spare, stately, in manner quiet, reserved and digni- ] ■ bed so far as any whitemau could judge, for he never unbent to them: Indeed, from tirst ' to last he refused to hold any intercourse with thehatedBorsemuohlesswork for him, wearhie clothes, or even eat hie food. He was rarely seen by me;iiibt more than half a dozen "times' during the ten yoars that he lived after niy arrival in the dietrictyand never at the head station. On the fow occasions we met the proud savage took not the slightest notice of the stranger other than by the aboriginal's .jileiiS sign of aversion, spitting on the ground ■" as be passed him. ■ More be dared not do— \- eoaroely that ipuoh as time went on, and the whip might find even his eaored shoulders. Less than that action of contempt, probably never holloed by the casual observer, he ■ would not bring himself to show. Having \- onoe recognised that further resistance was . utterly hopeless, he acquiesced in the submis sion of his tribe, aud though never submitting . himselPhe openly, took no aggressive steps \- against the conquerors, but no doubt many a poor nameless tramp met his fate at the bands of the untamable black chief in revenge for the wrongs of bis people. About s'uoh'matters all the members of his tribe for long kept an impenetrable silence, even the loquaoiouB \Vatulganyn(of whom we shall Bee • something presently), but as years passed on I heard from that gradually inoie oonliding ' youth of several suspected murders, though particulars are withheld. One iustance may be worth narrating. A drover brought his mub \- of oattle from a long (dry etago into the Dar ling to water. Parched himself, ho ran down the bank aud bent over a log to drink. As bio lipB almost, touqhed the stream a dead face, just beneath the surface, met his gaze. He was very dry, but bo bought another spot to alake hie thirst. Who the dead was I never knew, or any one else. My drover friend and informant peremptorily refused to show me the body or describe the plaoe, alleging that there mightbean enquiry delaying him on his , journey. Long afterwards I had reason to . believe that Barpoo's waddy was not innooent in the matter. Tbe squatters denounoed tbe Parkingee leader aa an old scoundrel, and judged by our code of. ethics he probably was. With this oonolusion I cnoe ooiooided, but with grey hairs has oome a mod died judgment. It is not to be expeoted that Australia's pioneers, when theit dangors and difficulties were around tbem, could form unprejudiced opinions of their aborig'HHl foes. When Barpoo was hungry he doubtless killed a sheep or robbed a hut of rations. As already intimated,-1 have little doubt he knock d lonely travellers on the head as oppor tunity oflered. But have not many of the beroio patriots of history done all these things against the eneuiieB and despoilers of their oouutry. Oool reflection shows something of what the fierce untamable spirit rnustbave felt when he saw tbe detested interloper. take possession of all his country after slaughtering many of bis people in their Tain attempts at resistance, and bend the survivors to aia service, making shepherds and stockmen of the free hunters, then later to see them wither and die. There was clearly nothing left for him but to die too, and die cursing the Boree. Barpoo's influence with the tribe was para mount. A noted medioine man and chief, they implioitly believed in his power to put all straight in a future wor.d, while he consoled himself with making death dealing bones and much cursing of his white foes. Do we not read in the best of all books that when all else failed the same expedient was reBorted to on at least one oooasion. One night by the camp Are, out alone with Vfatulgunya, I obtained nn insight into the feelings of the insorutable black chief. I asked my sable companion what Barpoo taught them respecting tboir future state. The circumstances were most favourable for a confidential communication—Watulgunya was in a mortal funk. We were camped on haunted ground, in the very undst of the rooksattd oaves' where the ghosts of the deed Mullas held high carnival, and he olung to me ae a very protecting angel.' .Apostle BarpooV gospel proved preoisely what might toe erpeobed—all the wrongs abd sorrow* of this world set right in the next; satiny skies totoask under, flowing streams'and luxuriant plains abounding in fish and name to disport m and hunt over, with the trifling addition of an unlimited number of perpetually young and beautiful' houris th ' wn in. ' '" Yes, Barpoo had seen all this; so it must be true.'" ■ " What of the poor whitefellowf" I asked. But, though Watulgunyabelieved every word he had been told, yet he did nob think it wise, just then, to risk being sent to ao much happi ness by Celling the Boree his ultimate fate. Subsequently I gathered that flame and fury at the will of the saved aborigine would be the whiteman's portion. . . . Toby, a tall, well-made figure, bearing the stamp of" antiquity upon" its" every'line, flits across the stage. A fade mildly benignant, oovered with grey hair, low-voided, gentle, aud as innobent as any child.' Essentially a most "mildly • mannered man, had bis oolonr been white he would have been a really lov able ohtrabter. - A genuine' Parkingee, be also olyug to. the oustoma of his forefathers, ' he tdight don tjie white man's shirt, or a pettiooat worn sit a shirt did just as well; but he refused to donfine hia nethei limbs in a pair of trousers as beneath the dignity of an abori ginal. The European's, food be.aooepted as the best available substitute for the superior artiole it had supplanted,- bub ihtoxioatibg liquor he: pronounced "no good," and exem plified why by staggering and rolling his head about, asserting that it so made "Oobora walk about." Iastinotively and by oonviotion he was a teetotaller,, though perhaps he considered sngar-a more necessary portion of bis beverage. I have always looked upon Toby as a perfeotgehtlemun, bearing a marked resemblance to Bon Quixote. H i simplicity was wonderful. He onoe, being in oharge of a flook of 'eheep, was annoyed by wild doge and came in for "physic." A number of baits duly oharged with strychnine were given him with strict injunctions what to do with them, for he was just as likely to take them himself as give them to the dingoes. A pieoe of tainted meat tied to a oord was hung over his shoulder to bo oarry to a certain point from which he was to drag it as a trail to attract the dogs; on this he was to drop the baits. In due course be returned trium phantly, having oonsoientiouely tramped the full distance, but atill bearing baits and trail on bis back as when ha started. The young blaoks could not BDeak of this exploit of tile old man without ahoutg of laughter, but he never appeared to compre hend that he had given oauae for amueeinent. Toby considered himself an infallible rain maker, for whioh purpose he chiefly valued his venerable beard, and when required for the important ceremonies neoeeeary to oompel the reluotant element to fall, he out it off with a liberal, unsparing hand. On such oocasiona he would come tome, and after carefully ex amining mine would enoouragingly say that when it was a little more "flourbag"it also could be utilized; all this with much the air of an indulgent patent telling aobild that "if it is good it shall have a treat." Poor old Toby, he lived to see all bis kindred die. ilia son, Jollyboy, the bright, merry boy that figures in "Paving the Way," lingered the last. His loss nearly-killed the doating sire, following as it did the death of his lubra, though if ever there was a hafpy release hers must have been. She bad long been ill, but I ' never knew.the oause until one day on going down to the oainp Unobserved I saw the blanket thrown book from her body, reveal ing a dreadful oancer full of loathsome ineeot life. .Picking the insects away with a stiok was kind, gentle old Toby. He looked up, .saw me and burst into a wail of grief, appeal ing for ausistanoe where none could be given. A few days later she died ; Burely it would have been a uisroy to have ended her suffer ings with laudanum. Jollyboy, so called from bis merry intel ligent disposition and boundless good temper, was a universal favourite; As he is sketohed at length in other pages it is unnecessary to dwell upon bim here. Though inferior to many of his fellows in horsemanship, track ing, or athletio exercises, hie qualities wero sterling, and in the difficulties and dangers of the busb life of those days man could not wish for a truer, stancher companion than the sub ject of this memoir. Jollyboy onoe had a quarrel with a noted medioine man, of whom all were in terror, named Jacob. Jollyboy asserted that Jaoob had made "a bone" to kill him, which the doctor, or juggler, denied. A oounoil was held, and Jollyboy wae oon demued to reoeive a blow on the head from a heavy olub wielded by the acoused. The young fellow bent to the stroke, delivered with right good will over the orown, and was sunt sprawling. That settled the matter. No ill blood apparently followed. fhe owner of the broken orown expressed himself as satis fied ; perhaps he was glad it was no worse. Jacob grinned sardonically, but was not supposed to'-diBoontinuB his nefnriouB prac tices. Scaroely beyond boyhood Jollyboy Biokenedaod wasted away, of what complaint I knew not, but it often affected his mind. Long before the-diseaee appeared fatal he told me he was dying. Poor boy, in his oase, as in many others, I felt so Badly unable to be of any use. Probably the medioinea given were frequently wrong, particularly chlorodvne, whioh, having onoe taken, they always craved for. On the death of Barpoo Warlo Jemmy became the most influential man of the tribe, and aftor so be years (being instigated thereto by eome of the white jokers) he was duly orcwned King by having a brass plate bearing his name and title hung round his neck, a dignity I believe be still bears, though his subjects are but a remnant indeed. When I knew His Majesty he was in the prime of life, abig, strong, heavily built fellow, quite a marked oontrast to bis prednoesBOr. He dip- j loinatioally truokled to the opinions of the strongest. Great, very great, at big palavers and corrobborees be loved to deck bis huge person in the trappings of war, but though his courage was never questioned—indeed, his broken knuckles fraotured in hand to hand combat attested his martial prowess—be then seldonrfougbt. - A hunter to the pore he under stood the habits of eaah animal, reptile, bird, fieh, and, I may almost add, insect of his country. He also possessed a profound knowledge and had a deep a wo of the Mullas, those malignant spirits that haunted and destroyed the trembling Parkingees. " 1 hear'em," the King would say, " bale white man only me, that one come up last night plenty sing out. Mine think it black fellow by and by tumble down." J King James was the husband of Folly, who, sharing the vioissitudesof bis life, was natu rally never satisfied until Bhe likewise was proclaimed bis fellow sovereign and wore a brass plate, At first be treated ber pretensions with complote and profound contempt, but his better half had all tie persistency of ber charming sex and eventually won her ends and the royal title, which she wore with becoming grace. Within liberal limitB His Majesty appreciated the fascinations of tlie bottle, and bereagain Her Majesty claimed full rights and «aok for snok.' He wasfpnd of warm j appalel bind good' living.andwas v'erylazy. j but he fully recognised the importanoe and neoetiity of the'lighter work of the' station -being faithfully carried on—by hia subjects. The real hard laborious work he considered ought to be done by' "stupid walk-about whitefellow," He would see that some " boy" was off at early dawn tor the horses,- and if in structions were imperative, and no one else available, he himself would bring up the dairy Ouwa—when the sun had properly warmed the atmosphere. Still he was a valued institu tion, and the Manager oould have better spared a better man. Jemmy, like many better heads, was hazy on the currency question. Of gold and silver there was notmuoh on the upper Darling, but he oould not see why there should be any difficulty to a man possessed of a oheque-boqk. Are there not those in civilized life who also look upon that artiole aaa bound less souroe of wealth! To him it was simply sitting down and scribbling a few lines; and why any reasonable man should demur to that small trouble was incomprehensible. Toevery objection to meet his demands he invariably replied,' " What for ' nol' ' that one only makutn paper.'.' After a number of young men had been down" with etook to Adelaide or Melbourne, Jemmy conceived it neoessary to bis dignity that ha should go. Opportunity offering he went; but the mob of cattle was sold at Swan Hill, "and he returned with the drover from tjiat place. He waa quite eatis fied, and ever after he considered he had been to the Queen of the douth city. When any doubt was expressed. he retorted, " 'Wan Hill close up Melbourne. The relation of ashort incident that ooourred will give some insight into hie character. Sit ting, writing one day I heard Miola oall "BockaBoreo," "dead whitefellow." And through the open door.oould -be. eeen floating down the river, the body of eome unfortunate wretob. Only Jemmy and a strange," walk about" were available. With them I followed in a boat and drew the oorpse to land. It wan not a pleasant offioe. Almost naked, the olothes were fastened by a belt round his waist, in the troueer pocket were a few shil lings and a knife, on his feet a pair of tolerably good boots. We dug a grave (a very shallo w one), and hid him away. Before doing so the white man proposed taking possession of his boots, while the black man turned disdainfully away. ' He, at least, would touoh nothing that belonged tot ho dead stranger. \- Aoeording to the oustoms of the Parlcingees plurality of wires was a'lowed, and James, like many another monarch, had an amiable weakness for the adorable sex. There was a tawny charmer, of whom he baoamo ena moured and desired to make No. 2, which No. 1 as strenuously resisted. In the crisis I was appealed to. The striot letter of the law was undoubtedly with the monarob, to say nothing of the suggestive waddy he bore. But what wife in such ciroumstances regarded the one or the other. Queon Polly defied both, and the King submitted. Icannot dismiss such au exalted character without a brief summing up of his virtueB. As a wise ruler should, be understood the signs of the times and adapted himself to them. He was a good husband and an indulgent father, a fair catalogue for any man ; but there is something more. The aot for whioh he must deserves to be remembered was begetting Miola, the flower of aboriginal maidens'; 