ALL MEN ARE LIARS. (BY JOSEPH HOCKING.) PART II— ORDEAL. CHAPTER VI.— (Continued.) Thero was a sneering taunt in the cynic's voice, as well as in his words; but I do not think he would have spoken in such a way If he had known the effect he was having on Stephen. "Do you mean," cried my friend, "that you oeneve isuueua cupauiu ui — I'l iuai . "Capable! Why, yes, all women are." "Word," said Stephen, in a supressed voice, "never speak in that way again to me. Do you hear? — never! If I believed that — I should — but never mind — never speak like that again— never!" He had started to his feet, his face as . pale as ashes, while his whole body trembled. Even Ilford changed color; he saw he had gone too far. An awkward si lence ensued, and I tried to think how I could turn the conversation, when my t , landlady entered again. "Another gentleman to see Mr. Edg cumbe,' she said, handing him a card. Stephen took the card, his hand still trembling. "Colonel Tempest," he read aloud. "Show him up." "Shall I get out of the way, Stephen?" I said. "And I?" added Ilford. "No, stay," he said — "at least for a time." A few seconds later Colonel Tempest en tered the room, panting and blowing his nose very loudly. He seemed surprised at seeing Luke Edgcumbe, and looked haugh tily on Ilford, who regarded him very cool ly. I noticed, however, that he eagerly went to the part of the room where Luke Was,, and shook his hand heartily. "Ah, Edgcumbe," he said pompously, "on your feet again! By Gad, you are a man to admire! I was having an early dinner at the Constitutional with some friends of mine, and they were talking about you. They said that you had got out of that affair magnificently, and that now you were on your way towards making a tre mendous pile. Old Nathan Rothschild was a child to you, Edgcumbe. But I'm glad, my friend. I was a bit cut up at the time; but I knew you were not the man to sink under such a difficulty. Why, you'll soon be richer than ever." The speech was dolivercd very pompously, accompanied by much panting and many theatrical gestures. Evidently the Colonel had some purpose in seeking to be friendly. Before Luke could reply, however, Stephen caught the Colonel by the arm. , "I want you to tell mo about my wife," he said slowly, in a low voice. CHAPTER VII. CURRENT MORALITY. "Be not righteous overmuch: ... Be not overmuch wicked, neither be thou foolish. — Solomon. : The Colonel looked at his son- in-law for a few seconds, as though ho were In doubt how to proceed; then ho said, loudly — "Ah, Stephen Temple, my boy; I came to i toll you — came to settle things. This Is a very sad state of affairs; I don't liko it, I have said so to Isabella dozens of times. I should like to be alone for a few minutes .with you." "Gentlomen," I said, "tliore Is another room at our disposal, if you will be good , enough to follow mo." ."Thanlc you, thank you, young Daniel, I that Is Dr. Roberts, and Mr.— Mr. Ilford: i so sorry to trouble you. I hope to see you | again In a few minutes; especially do I .Want to have a chat with Edgcuinbo." As it happened, however, neither of us saw tho Colonel any more that night, but Stephen told me what had taken place. "I — I came with my daughter's — that Is— Consent," began the Colonel. "Yes," said Stephen; "why has she not answered my letters?" "Oh, young people will he young people. Why, even old fellows like I am get a bit buffy now and then, when we don't get our own way — ha, ha!" and the Colonel laughed Uneasily. Stephen did not reply, but waited. "Isabella is a Tempest," went on tho Colonel, "and she has a temper; all tho Tempests have, I'm glad of it. Well, Ste phen Temple, she didn't like your— non sense, neither did I. And although my girl Is breaking her beart for you, sho thinks you haven't treated her well, and her Tempest prido says you must malto some — some — that Is — concessions." "What concessions?" "Just Illte a lawyer. Stephen Temple, you nail me right down to ono point. Well, she only wants you to be reasonable, and— and — you can bo now — easily." "Yes; how?" "Well, my friend Edgcumbe has wea thered tho storm, and has brought his ship Bafely Into harbor. Isn't that poetical — eh? Well, he's a rich man again, to all intents and purposes, and no doubt will give you a good allowance. After all, I'm almost glad you acted as you did, and I've said since, "Stephen Temple was wise, after all;' It wouldn't have been safe to take an allow ance then, with all those — those — pesky bankruptcy proceedings pending. But now It's all over. You can liavo n good allow ance again, and when that is arranged, you —you can take your wife to your heart onco more, and — and be — be happy. Come now, what do you say?" At first Stephen was staggered by the barefaced audacity of the man; he could hardly understand how lie could talk so. "Am I to understand, then, that if my uncle will give 1110 a good allowance, Isa bella will consent lo come hack to me?" "Yes, dear boy. We want to see you happy, both Edgcumbe and I. Edgcumbe promised an allowance — when we parted some months ago, and I know ho is willing to renew his offer now everything is set tled. Come now, say yes, and I'll order a bowl of punch on tho strength of it." "And is this the only condition on which Isabella will come back to mo?" "Why, of course. You couldn't expect Isabella, a Tempest, and the wile of a Temple"— here tho Colonel expanded his chest — "to go into lodgings and slave like tho daughter of any Dick, Tom, or Harry. No, Stephen Temple; family is family, and blood is blood. Isabella Tempest Temple Edgcumbe must do nothing unworthy Iter name; she must live like a lady wherever sho goes. I am a poor man; but, thank God, I've taught her the rights of a lady." "Which is most worthy the rank of a lady," asked Stephen, "to live in compara tive luxury on money to which she has no right, or to live In comparative poverty oil money honestly earned?" "What do you mean?" asked the Colonel. "What right liavo I to an allowance from my uncle?" asked Stephen. "He has not paid his creditors more than a third of what ho owed them." "Tho whole matter has been settled at a court of law; tho law has passed judg ment," replied the Colonel, "and thus Edg cumbe is free." "Tho law has nothing to do with it. Whatever the law says, he owes this » money; it does not belong to him, but his creditors." "I respect tho majesty of the law," re plied the Colonel. "True, I don't liko theso bankruptcy proceedings; they arc — are — well. Infra dig.; but the affair Is over, and what your unclo has now is his own. Come now, Stephen Temple, you want your wife, and your wife wants you. Let us settle things amicably." "I do want ray wife," said Stephen; "but if she will come under no other conditions than theso, I must remain as I am." "Do you mean to say you will not take this monoy?' "Certainly not." The Colonel turned purple. "Refuse a thousand a year?" he gasped. "Certainly, if It Is not my own, and does not'eomo to me fairly." "You — you blackguard!" he cried. "You marry my daughter, you take her away from homo, you low-lived scoundrel, then you discard her." "I don't," replied Stephen; "I will only too gladly welcome her back, if she will como as a wife should." "A Tempest come back to lodgings such as you can give her!" shouted the Colonel. "Never! A pretty sense of honor you'vo got, to marry a wlfo and then expect her father to keep her." "You know It is a lie," said Stephen. "Ever since she loft I have sent her, as you know, every farthing I could scrape to- E "A paltry trifle!" "It was all I had," said Stephen; "and certainly not too small a sum for you to accept. Come, Colonel, don't make mo think worse of you than I think already. Have some sonse of honor!" "You say this to mo!" gasped the Colonel; "but you shall suffer for it. But I'll no longer breathe such polluted air." A little later Stephen called us back again, and I know from his pale, blanched face how keenly ho had been suffering. Ho never said anything that night, how- over, and shortly after both his uncle and Ilford took tholr leave. "Look hero, Stephen," said Ilford, before they left; "don't mako your Ilfo more mis erable than you can holp. Mako tho best of this dirty world, my lad. Go into so ciety, and drink what pleasures It has. Give up these foolish ldoals of yours; ac cept facts, and mako tho best of them." "Thank you," said Stephen; and then he held out his hand to his uncle. "I shall give you no advice," said Luke; "you know what I think, and what I will gladly do for you." And I couldn't help seeing a look of real affection shining out of the cynic's eyes. For some time after this I thought I saw a slight change for tho better in my frieud. That Is, ho looked happier. He seemed to forget his dark, gloomy forebodings, and was more like his old self. During tho time I lived In Battersea I had become acquainted with several well- to-do families living at Wandsworth Com mon. and I was often Invited to houses at Clapham Common. I had spoken about Stephen to people I know, and had so interested them in him that on one or two occasions when they had invited me to their houses, an invitation had also como for my friend. Up to this time ho had refused them; but when one day — about a fortnight after his uncle's visit — I showed him a letter, con taining an invitation to a gathering at a house at Clapham Common both for myself and him, he told me he would bo very glad to accompany me. Accordingly, on tlio evening In question, we started for Clapham Common. On our way we called to see a patient who lived in ono of the streets at tho back of Queen's road. Shi: was an old woman nearly 70 years of age. and was troubled a great deal with bronchitis. Although the spring was now advancing, It was very cold, and I liad told her that, if she expected to get better .good fires were essential. When we entered tho room which she occupied — for Stephen went with me — we found her sitting beside tho ghost of a fire, having sold, as sho told me, un article of furniture to liny coals. "I was' bilged to do it," sho explained, 'and 'twas 'aid; you see. 'twas bought by my "nsband aforo ee died. Poor Bill, oe dhln' think t'would come to this! But I'm u-goln' to start to- morrow, I am. Two of my old customers liev kept some things for mo; so now, pleaso God, I'll rub on all right till next winter." "What do you do for a living?" asked Stephen. (To be continued.) 