LOCAL AND GEffE&AL; ITEMS. . A Rival ' Sroon.' — A week or two ago, we were startled (?) by the strange tales regarding the conduct of a certain ' spook' in the Singleton district. Not to be behind in the hunt, Morpeth has now raised one of the shadowy gentleman. It appears that two persons, whose words can certainly bu depended on, were proceeding to their homes after having come from Maitland by the train which arrives at Morpeth at about 7.20 in the evening, iheir way led them down the road towards the Hinton punt, which they have had to (and do) travel at all times, and especially about the time mentioned above. There are no houses on either side of the road icom the comer to the punt, and atter going about 100 yards past the former place,— strange freak of fate ! — the talk turned to the subject of ghosts. One asked the other if he believed in suuh phenomena, and after a few general remarks on the subject, expressed a wish to make the acquaintance of one. No sooner had the wordB gone past the Iip3 than an indescribable □ rinnQ rnco ao -if: wom -Pivim frVia r»nfffti« on/1 n-lii^iMr» across the road just in front of them with noiseless movements, disappeared in the darkness on the other side. The friends did not run — they were incapable of it, for reasons better imagined than explained. They managed to get away from the spot, however, and one of the participants in the adventure declared that the shape was about three feet high, and white, with black rings on it. He also declares uhat he made a kick at it, but his foot went past it into empty space. Be that as it mny, when he reached the ferry, bo rumour (and the puntman) say, he was very white and could scarcely speak, and now is very cautiouB when he has occasion to pass the spot. ' Strange as this may appear, there ivas an old man injured at this very spot some four or five years ago. He was riding a horse, and a mail coach coming behind him either struck or frightened his horse, eo that the amunal jumped against a tele graph post, and threw or fell upon him, breaking his thigh. He was taken to the Maitland Hos pital, and after being in the institution some seven or eight weeks, was just beginning to knock about again, when he fell and broke his thigh the second time. Some few months before that accident, a man named Asmussen was ridim? along (the victim of tho above accident, strange to Bay, was his companion) when his horse went orer the bridge, and he received such injuries that he died about forty-eight hours later at the Hunter Biver Steam Packet Inn, whither he was removed. It will thereforebe seen that there is some slight grounds for the feelings of those, superstitiously inclined, to wort upon. Children love them and prefer them to all others— ARNOTT'S MILK ARROWROOT BIS CUITS. 538 West Maitland Police Court. — Messrs. J. N. on the West Maitland Police Court this morning. The only case set down for hearing was one in which Patrick Withers and William Richards, two lads, were charged that they did on 31st May, at Bolwarra, throw stones to endanger the safety of Charles Davis. Mr. R. W. Thompaon appeared for the defence, and made an appeal on behalf of the lads. The prosecutor agreed to withdraw the charge on condition that the boys apologised, and paid the costs into court, which was accordingly done, and the case was struck out. The Dean Commission.— The Royal Commission on the Dean case will reopen the inquiry to-morrow afternoon, when it is understood that Mr. Butchart will be asked to give evidence, and probably other witnesses will be either examined or re-examined. This evidence is being called at the instance of the members of the commission. Morpeth Borough Council. — A meeting of the Morpeth Borough Council was called for last even ing, but lapsed for want of a quorum. At the appointed time there were present:— Aldermen Hanshaw, Burg, and White. Alderman Campbell arrived just as the clock was on the point of eight, while Alderman Kebblewhite put in an appearanco th lew iiiiuuuco inucii jl ajvj gcutui iunj v/t. ^tu.*. * vy , -»- ? Wokely), we regret to bear, is rather seriously ill from pleurisy and bronchitis. He is not exactly confined to his bed, but is able to sit up and talk, although he has to keep in a warm room. Dr. Bennett, we believe, is in attendance. Alderman Portus also is rather unwell, and did not put in an appearance. This is the second meeting in suc cession of this Council which has fallen through for want of a quorum, the cause on the previous occa sion being attributed to the legal decision given in Sydney and the delay in the passing of the Muni cipalities Amendment Bill. Lai Representation of St. Peter's Parisii in the Newcastle Synod. — It will be remem bered that the representatives elect of St. Peter's, East Maitland, were unseated at the meeting of Synod in May- June, in consequence of an informality in the proceedings at their election. Last evening, under the presidency of Archdeacon Tyrrell, a meeting of adult members of the church was held in pursuance of the Bishop's mandate. About fnrfcr riBrHnns wprp nreflomfc. and Messrs. Samuel Cliffc and E. Spafke, the representatives who had been unseated, were again chosen. The Morpei'h Park Grant. — Some few days ago we made some remurks regarding the paying of a cheque drawn by the Morpeth Borough Council upon the Bank of New South Wales, Sydney, in absorption of a grant of JB25. for expenditure on the Morpeth Park. On previous occasions only smaller cheques were drawn, which did not come up to tho total amount of the grant. But in this instance a large number of men were employed, and their wages for the fortnight totalled about .£31. Their wages were paid from the general fund of the Coun cil M,n omrmnfc attoi, oTlfl n.hriirp flip P9S frvfinh Vipincr paid from the municipal revenue. Then a cheque was drawn on the Bank of New South Wales, Sy dney, tor the .£25 as a refund, but Btrango to say it was returned. Again it was sent in and again it was returned ; the second time with the statement that the Treasury instructions did not allow the bank authorities to pay'cheques for the full amount. In the meantime the Council, who had a large number of men at work in the borough, were hovering close to their bank overdraft; limit, and it appeared as if they would hav6 to discharge some of the man. The Council Clerk stated the case to the Hon. J. N. Brunker, and solicited his help in the matter, and that gentleman, with his usual courtesy, at once saw the Treasury authorities, with the result that the bank wore at once instructed to pay the money, which the Council shortly received. The New Courthouse at West Maitland. — Mr. Charles Taylor, one oj the partners of the firm of William and Charles Taylor, who have secured the contract for tho erection of the new courthouse at West Maitland, is now in Sydney in connection with the preliminaries to the signing of the con tract. We understand the arrangements aro very forward, and that it is expected a start at the work will be made about Monday next. This will em ploy a number of men, and will therefore tend to relieve some of the distress at present existing ia the district. Eabt Maitland Police Court.— This moraine! ' Michael Fitzpatrick, who had been arreBted the **& previous evening on a charge of making use og tSi obscene language, was brought up before Mr. JoBepk f^ WindrosB,J.P. Accused was convicted and ordered 1 \ to poy a fine of £\ or to be imprisoned for seven days. Water Titotrans at Morpeth,— Last year Alder man Burg brought a motion forward in the Mor- ! peth Borough Council to have three water-troughs erected in different positions in the town, but for several reasons it was negatived. Later he brought ? forward a motion to have two erected, but as three months— tbe required time between two such motions — had not elapsed, a point of order was raised, and the Mayor decided that the motion could not be put, even though, as the alderman argued, it was different from the previous one by \ meaning two troughs instead of three. ? ( . , Alderman Burg again gave notice of his ' motion, and it was down on the busi ness paper for the meeting last evening, ?. one trough to be erected in Swun-street and the -; other in High- street. Owing to the Council's meeting lapsing, tho motion could not come on, ' ; and the troughs seem to have the hand of fate ?'?! directed against them after so many reverses. The troughs would certainly be a great convenience if ; the funds Jit tlll- flifinncnl nf f lift P/MiMnJI twnnl/1 .ilinTn ? '— — ~ ~ »-u^,v^hi ut i,u^ \J\J VLUV.LL WUUL^i AllUll » of their erection. ? We heartily recommend ARNOTT'S MILK ARROWROOT BISCUITS for Children. 5S3 A Concession to Farmers. — Recognisiug the importance of low. freights to farmers and othera Bending produce to Sydney for disposal, Messrs. M. i ? Benjamin and Sons, of West Maitland, some time ago placed themselves in communication with the management of the Hunter River Steamship Company, and in reply have received the following v uate: — uear oirs, — wun. reterence to your air. U.. i Benjamin's interview here with the writer on the ' 20Lh inst., I am now instructed by the manager to inform you that he has decided to increase the limit for small bales of hay to 36 feet measure ment (that is, a bale of 4 ft. by 3 ft. by 3 ft , or equivalent sizes). These will be charged Jd per foot or portion of a foot, and 4d per bale droghage -T so that a 30 ft. bale will be charged la lOd freight ' in future, and smaller bales proportionately less ; and all bales that exceed 36 ft. will be charged the full schedule rate of 3s per bale, and 6d extra if droghed. Yours faithfully, (signed) H. D. Portus, Traffic Manager. — Note: The following measure ments are under 36 feet — 2 ft. 10 in. x 2 ft. 11 in.x 4 ft. 4 in. and 2 ft. 9 in..x 2 ft. 9 in. x 4 ft. 6 in. East Maitland Borough Council. — The usual meeting of the above council lapsed last evening from want of a quorum. A special meeting will be held on Friday evening. At the appointed hour there were in attendance — the Mayor (Mr. G. T. C^\\\ o rviT- lQ^C'^ Ai/Inoman 'Pal-llP^K^i/1/vn Cnnylra T?rto4'a», VUaiiiUClOJ, ILIUCL U1CU JL ObUCl UllUgC, O^JQL IVC, X'UOUCL, and Bourke ; but Messrs. Sparke and Foster went away for a short while, and did not return until the half-hour's grace allowed had expired. Alder^ men Cunningham and Watson, it was stated, were confined to their homes through illness, and Alder man Waller put in an appearance for a few moments to say he had a pressing engagement in West Mait land. Alderman Alcorn arrived a bit late, and presently the two aldermen who left earlier in the evening returned, only to find*that the business could not be proceeded with. A deputation from Raworth was in waiting by appointment to inter view the council, and rather than put them to the , inconvenience of coming up again, the Mayor suggested that the aldermen present should hear - what the deputation had to say, and deal with the ) matter when the council again met. This course Jit was adopted, and at the conclusion of the interview, which is reported in another column, the chamber was closed. The Condition op Mr. W. W. Birkmyrb. — We regret to hear thac there is no difference in the condition of Mr. W. W. Birkmyre, manager of the Bank of Australasia, who yesterday morning had a fit of apoplexy and was rendered unconscious. He euowa lio mgutj ui any luipiuvuumuo, uuu a iituii? nourishment was giving to him this morning. Drs. R. G. Alcorn and W. J. Russell are in attendance, and together with the family are having an anxious time. The blow has been a terrible one to the family, whose feelings can better be imagined than described. Bark has been placed in the street in front of the residence so as to deader the sound of ' passing vehicles. The bank has been viaited by large numbers of persons throughout the day, all anxioiiB for news of the condition of the unfortunate gentleman. A change one way or the other is expected to- morrow. Late this afternoon one o£' the medical gentlemen in attendance believed there was in the patient a slight return to consciousness. We may say that Mr. McEwan, one of the inspec tors of the Bank of Australasia, was in Maitland afc the time of Mr. Birkmyre's seizure, and is remain ing pending the result of that gentleman's lament- ( able illness. The Trees on the Streets at Mokpeth:. — A number of the aldermen of the Morpeth Borough Council are understood to be in favour of the removal of the protectors round tho trees in several portions of the town. Those in High-street — iron ones — were removed some little time ago, when it was considered the trees were large enough for the purpose, and it is the intention ot some ot.cne aldermen to have the wooden ones round the trees in Swan-street removed a9 the trees become large en-ugh, which a number are at present. Owing to some of the trees dying when they were first plinted, some of those which were put in their places have not yet advanced sufficiently for this to be done. The Licensed Victuallers Association. — Mr. * A. J. Heap, one of the vice-presidents of the Licen sed Victuallers Association, who is at present acting as its travelling representative in tbe Northern district, arrived in Maitland on Tuesday afternoon * on buiiness connected with the association, Mr. Heap leaves for Singleton to-morrow evening, and will visit all the principal towns in the Northern district before his return to Sydney. The associa tion, Mr. Heap informs us, is progressing satisfac torily both in membership and financially. The Government and the Upper House. — As the result of the proceedings of tho Upper House last night, the general impression among members at Parliament House was that Dr. MacLaurin's hostile amendment in connection with the Land and Income Tax Assessment Bill will be carried by a large majority. It is hardly probable that the debute in the Council will close this week. Several Ministers, when spoken to last night, repeated what was said by one of their number some nights ago, namely, that the Government was watching the proceedings of the Council, and that whatever hap pened ' We're ready for them.' One Minister members of the Council did not seem to realise the position, and thnt it would be well for them to pro ceed circumspectly. If the Assessment_ Bill is rejected— and this seems now pretty certain — then the Government will carry out the arrangements already sketched, namely, an early prorogation, a short recess o£ a month or two, some accessions to .. , M. _ O 1-1 ? /~1 A_nuv. m A n U r,* I «»^rt*»^*nfQ Itl ¥. M ft tne strengun oi mie uuvciuuiu-ul c-i.ipywi-Y^*o *»* *'-»« Upper House, and a new session. Nothing more perfect for Growing Children than AKNOTT'S MILK ARROWROOT BIS CUITS. 583 The Morpeth Band.— A few months ago, owing to the efforts of several gentlemen in Morpeth, a number of persons clubbed themselves together and started a band. Instruments were procured, and the band, under the conductorship of Mr. O. Maynard, has been practising assiduously ever since. They have now reached such a degree of . proficiency that they intend very shortly to give the inhabitants of the riverside township a musical treat by playing in the Btreets some evening. St. John's Literary and Debating Societt.— The UBual weekly meeting of this Society waa held in St. John's schoolroom lasts evening. Mr. J. R. Carlton, Vice- President, occupied the chair. The business of the evening was that of 'Sharp Practice.' Several very interesting subjects were drawn and discussed in a lively manner by MessrB. John bright, J.P., W. T. Moore, H. J. Monaghan, J. McNamara, W. A. Terry, Joseph Enrignt, and , ? J. Post. Tho subjects which received the greatesc \ amount of discussion were— 'The policy of the New South Wales Government,' and the ' Chinese Restriction Bill.' An interesting debate was announced for next night, and tho meeting adjourned. Horse Rugs (extn. quality canvas), just arrived Have marked very low rather than keep them for 1 the uexfc winter.— Oapfbr & Sons, Maitland. 194* i TBli Newbury-Spada CoMPANT.-Ifc is the first 1 time in the history of West Maxtland that a great MidAmerican Boprano and a famous English tenor has IS^ppeared. The Company open to-night, as we have l£/5By announced, in the Town Hall when Madame H &a; will sing 'Sing sweet bird' and 'Angels m over bright and fair.' Mr. Newbury wi 1 sing I 'The holy city' and » The death of Nelson.' The i Australian Press are unanimous that Mr. New 1 hury's singing is a revelation in the art of voice i production. Miss Kitty Grindley, the favourite H Melbourne contralto, Madame Herbert, the i accompanist, and Mr. Fredrick Hobbes, the m successful New Zealand baritone, will render M popular items. | The Unemployed at Mobpeth and Relief | WoRKS.—In view of the works forthe relief of the 1 unemployed which are being commenced m Mait j land, the following petition, signed by a large number of Morpeth men, who are out of work, has been presented to the Morpeth Borough Council :— 'The M*yor and Aldermen. We have observed ?; that the Government has Bet apart a sum of money. \ for the purpose of relieving the unemployed of the ? district, and that relief works are being proceeded with in or near Maitland. In view of the scarcity » of employment in the Morpeth district we respect l fully request that you will take such steps as you may deem best to secwe a portion of such relief .' for the unemployed of Morpeth.' The petition f was to have been dealt with at the meeting of the 5 Council last evening, but owing to the want of a i quorum it had to stand over. f-' An Enthusiastic Judge. — The rather unusual f '? sight of a party, including a District Court Judge, r\ was observable on the river bank to-day, some of them being busily engaged excavating the bank and the others ansiously looking on speculating as to what would be unearthed. The explanation '* is a very simple one, however. One of the cases ' heard in the District Court yesterday partly hinged upon whether a certain portion of the backyard of some High-street premises had been raised with street sweepings and rubbish of all sorts, or was j the original bank of the river. Of course the evi dence was as diverse asitcouldbeonthe point. One party's witnesses asserted one thing and the others '? fust the opposite. His Honor Judge Blackhouse determined to make a personal inspection, and ' suggested that a portion of the bank should be opened out for that purpose. That was done this forenoon, and the Court is to assemble at eleven to morrow for his Honor's verdict. Sale op Vehicles, Habness, Etc. — At the Municipal sale yards, Campbell's Hill, to-day, Mr. E. W. Sparke held a sale of vehicles, harness, ^ saddles, etc.. and cleared out a large consignment D; at very satisfactory prices. § Ttphoid Fever at Hinton.— Evidently this I dreaded disease has not yet been overcome at ffl Hinton, for a few days ago a little lad was seized 1 and now lias in the Maitland Hospital in a rather I serious condition. A couple of other children, it is 1 stated, have also been seized. When this terrible 1 epidemic cannot be overcome in the winter time it § is horrible to contemplate what it must be when I the warm weather a?ain comes on. I Morpeth Gospel Temperance. — The members F of the West Maitland Band of Hope last evening s paid a visit to Morpeth to supply a programme for V- an entertainment, under the auspices of the Mor !r peth Gospel Temperance. The evening was .spent i.' at the School of Arts, where the attendance was F? only moderate. Mr. Mannall occupied the chair. V' The following programme waB rendered and much appreciated : Pianoforte duet, Mi S3' A. Oxley and M S. Coleman ; solo, Mr. W. Why ; quartette, yy ^ U ' ^eBt tnee my baby j' vocal duet ' Very sus jSf*-* picious,' Miss Ruth Barden and Mr. W. Johnson ; |fj i* yfeolo.Mr. EL Short ; chorus, ' Stealaway ;' pianoforte s||' solo, Mr. E. Chamberlain ; chorus, ' Reign, Massa P| Jesus, reign ;' violin solo, Mr. A. Ribee; dialogue, II ' Mrs. Bouncer's tea party ;' solo, Misa Tipper ; m solo, ' Island of dreams,' and as an encore ' Sweet H Marie,' Mr. W. Why ; chorus, ' Kodo.' . Messrs. H Mannall and House delivered a short address, H illustrating the benefit to be derived- from total H abstinence. At the conclusion of the programme' H the visitors were entertained with, light refresh M ments. m More Land Bills. — The Government purposes ffl to amend the Newcastle Pasturage Reserves Acts, M and also to introduce the bill referred to in the H Budget Speech, to reduce the payments due by free H selectors, and otherwise to lessen their obligations H to the State. |j If you cannot obtain ' Myfa Tea' in your district If write to D. Mitchell and Co., Clarence-street, m Svdnev, who will arrange for a supply at once g through the local storekeeper. U Water Rates — In a case which came before Mr. |j District Court Judge Backhouse, at the District I Court to-day, in which the Water and I Sewerage Board sued for some yearB* rates, his B Honor gave a verdict, but without costs, as he thought everybody should be made to pay up half yearly. This is a common sense conclusion that it ?would be a benefit not otly for the Board in ques tion, but for all Municipal Councils to adopt. It would, in the end, be also more favourable to the ratepayers themselves. If the rates are allowed to run on for years, it is mistaken leniency, for the ratepayers plnced in the position of being liable find themselves utterly unable to meet a large a amount, while a very little effort would enable them to pay tne sm&u; amouuocimmeu iitm-yeany. Eoad Grants. — The Secretary of Public Works has authorised the issue to the Morpelh Borough Council of a grant of £20 103 for the period ending 30th June for expenditure on the Raymond Ter race to Morpeth, Morpeth to Four-mile Creek, and Morpeth to Largs roads. The Morpeth Pound. — Some time ago the Morpeth Borough Council secured a piece of ground close to the Morpeth public pound, and fenced it in as a place in which to confine animals seized for impoundment at Dighfc until morning, when they could be put in the public pound The pound keeper finds it a great deal of trouble in the case of fractious animals to remove them from one yard to another. He is now applying to the Council to have a gate leading from one to the other provided, so that there might be no need to drive the animals out into the street. The Hospital Ball. — A meeting of the com mittee of ladies who are interesting themselves in the ball in aid of the Maifcland Hospital, to be held on Wednesday, July 3, was held this afternoon in the Council Chambers, Town Hall ; but as there was a rather Bmall attendance, several matters were 'not dealt with. The ladies are exceedingly , pleased with the way in which matters are pro- I pressing, and the satisfactory manner in which the townspeople are supporting the project. Judging by present appearances, the ball promises to be a huge success, and justifiably bo. A Case op Lock-jaw.— The young man John Kowley who was admitted to the Maitland Hos pital about a fortnight ago suffering from severe burns about the arms and hands, received through falling into a fire while in a fit, is suffering from ioctt-jaw, and is in a very low condition. Dr. Pentland, Visiting surgeon of the Hospital, is attending him. Death in the Maitland Hospital. — To-day the wife ef Mr. James Lahiff, of West Maitland, died in the above institution. MrB. Lahiff had been an inmate of the Hospital for about a week, and death was due to old age and bronchitis. She was sixty years of age. If you cannot obtain ' Myfa Tea'Mn your district write to D. Mitchell and Co., Clarence- street, Sydney, who will arrange for a supply at once 'through the local storekeeper. . . Lucerne Hat in Sydney. — Mr. John Enright, auctioneer, .WeBt Maitland, reports having obtained for a consignment of lucerne hay the highest price realised in the Sydney market for prime lucerne hay for the past four years. The consignment, which ?consisted of a truck load, was sold by Mr. John Bridge at Redfern, and brought 4s lid per cwt., or £4 18s 4d per ton. The evidence to date in the Dean Case is in print, including Dean's examination. There are about 12,500 questions and answers recorded in 300 pages of evidence, which was taken in 18 sittings. The shilling subscription list opened by the London Daily Telegraph, for a national memorial to Dr. W. Gf. Grace, now amounts to 29,000 shillings -j (£1450). ^ The information bureau at the Lands Office is ^ -now established in its full efficiency, and it is per , iectly equipped with maps, plans, and statistics. Gibson and his wife, the parties concerned in the I tragedy at Kangaroo Point, Brisbane, are doing well in the hospital, and are expected to recover. At Sydney yesterday 107 bales of wool arrived 'by rail and coastwise. 