The Storyteller. The Sowers. CHAPTER I.—A WAIF ON THE STEPPE. BY HENRY SETON MERRIMAN. Author of "With Edged Tools," &c.; "In this country charity covers no sins!" The speaker finished his remark with a short laugh. He was a big, stout man. His name was Karl Steinmetz, and it is a name well known in the Government of Tver to this day. He spoke jerkily, as stoat men do when they ride, and when he had laughed hit good natured, half-cynical laugh he closed hit lipg beneath a huge gray moustache. So far aa on* could judge from the action of a square and deeply indented chin, his month was expressive at that time—and possibly at all times—of a hamorons resignation. Mo reply was roach* sated to him, and Karl Steinmets bumped along on his little Oossaok horse, which was stretched out at a gallop. Evening was drawing on. It was late in October, and a ?old wind was driving from the north-west across a plain whioh for sheer dis malness of aspect may give points to Sahara and beat that abode of mental depression without an effort. So far as the eye could reach there was no habitation to break the line of horiion. A few stunted fir trees, standing In a position of permanent deprecation, with their backs turned, as it were, to the north, stood sparsely on the plain. The grass did not look good to eat, though the Oossaok horses would no doubt have liked to try it. The road seemed to have been drawn by some THan engineer with a ruler from horizon to horiion. Away to the south there was a forest of the same stunted pines, where a few oharooal burners and resin tappers eked out a forlorn and obscure existence. There are a score of such settlements, suoh gloomy forests, dotted over this plain of Tver, whioh covers an area of nearly two hundred square miles. The re mainder of it is pasture, where miserable cattle and a few horses, many sheep and countless pigs, seek their food pessimistically from God. Bteinmeta looked round over this oheerless prospect with a twinkle of amused resignation in his blue eyes, as if this creation were a little practical joke whioh he, Karl Steinmets, appre ciated at its proper worth. The whole scene was suggestive of immense distance, o( count- miles in all directions—a suggestion not conveyed by any scene in England, by few in Europe. In our crowded Island we have no conception of a thousand p4)es. How can we j Few of us have travelled five hundred at a Stretch. The land through whioh these men were riding is the home of great distances— Russia. They rode, moreover, as if they knew jjt—as if they had ridden for days and. were aware of more days in front of tb^em* The companion of Karl Steinmetz looked like an Englishman. He was young and fair and quiet. He looked like a youthful athlete from Oxford or Cambridge—a Bimple-minded person who had jumped higher or run quicker than anybody else without conceit, taking himself, like St. Paul, as he found himself and civing the credit elsewhere. And one finds that, after all, in this world of deceit, we are most of us that which we look like. You, madam, look 85 to a day, although your figure is still youthful, your hair untouohed by gray, your face unseamed by care. You may look in your mirror and note these aooident* with satisfaction; you may feel young and indulge In the pastime* of youth without effort. But you are 85. We know it. We who look at you oan see it for ourselves, and, if you could only be brought to believe it, we think no worse of you on that aoeount. The man who rode beside Earl Steinmetz with gloomy eyes and a Tague suggestion of flight in his whole demeanour was, like reader and writer, exactly what he seemed. He was the produot of an English public school and university. He was, moreover, a modern product of those seats of athletic exeroise. He had little education and highly developed muscles—that is to say, he was no scholar but essentially a gentleman—a good enough eduoa tion in its way, and long may Britons seek it 1 This young man's name was Paul Howard Alexis, and Fortune bad made him a Russian prince. If, however,.any one, even Steinmetz, called him Prince, he blushed and became con fused; This terrible title had brooded over him while at Eton and Cambridge. Bat no one«had found him out; he remained Paul Howard Alexis so far as England and his friends were concerned. In Russia, however, he was known (by name only, for he avoided Slavonic society) as Prince Pavlo Alexis. This plain was bis; half the government of Tver was his; the great Volga rolled through bis possessions; sixty miles behind him a grim stone castle bore his name, and a tract of land as vast as Yorkshire was peopled by humble-minded persons who cringed at the mention of hit Excellency. All this because thirty yean earlier a certain Princess Natasha Alexis had fallen in love with plain Mr. Howard of the British Embassy in Bt. Petersburg. With Slavonic enthusiasm (for the Russian is the most romantic race on earth) the informed Mr. Howard of the fact, and duly married him. Both these persom were now dead, and Paul Howard Alexis owed it to his mother's influence in high regions that the re sponsibilities of princedom were his. At tho time when this title was aoeorded to him be bad no My in the matter. Indeed, he had little say in any matters except meals, which he still took in liquid form. Certain is is, however, that he failed to appreciate bis honours as soon as he grew op to a proper comprehension of them. Equally certain is it that he entirely failed to recognise the enviability of his position as be rode across the plains of Tver towards the yellow Volga by the side of Karl Steinmeis. 41 This is great nonsense," he said suddenly. " I feel like a Nihilist or some theatrical person of that sort. I do not think it can be neoessary, Btoinmetz."< "Not necessary," answered Steinmetz in thiok guttural tones, "but prudent." This man spoke with the soft consonants of a German. " Prudent, my dear prinoe." "Oh, drop that!" " When we sight the Volga I will drop it with pleasure. Good heavens! I wish I were a prince. I should have it marked on my linen, and sit op in bed to read it on my nightshirt." "No, yon wouldn't, Steinmets," answered Alexis with a vexed laugh. " You would hate it just as much as I do, especially if it meant running away from the beat bear shooting in Europe." Steinmets shrugged his shoulders. " Then you should not have been charitable charity, I tell you, Alexis, covers no sins in this country." "Who made me charitable? Besides, no decent-minded fellow could be anything else here. Who told me of the League of Charity, I should like to know? Who put me into it? Who aroused ray pity for these poor beggars? Who but a stoat German cynic called Stein* mets?" "Stoat, yet—cynic if yon will—German, not" The words were jerked oat of him by the galloping horse. " Then what are you?" Steinmets looked straight in front of him, with a meditation in his quiet eyes which made a dreamy man of him. "Thai depends." Alexis laughed. "Yes, I know. In Germany yon are a German, in Russia a Slav, in Poland a Pole, and in England anything the moment suggests." "Exactly so. Bat to return to you. Yoa mast toast to me in this matter. I know this country. I know what this League of Charity was. It was a bigger thing than any dream of. It was a power in Russia—the greatest of all above Nihilism —above the Emperor himself. Aeh Gottt It was a wonderful organisation, spreading over this country like sunlight over a field. It would have made men of oar poor peasants. It was God's work. If there is a God—Wen tntendu— which some young men deny, because God fails to recognise their im portance, I imagine. And now it is all done. It is crumbled up by the scurrilous treachery of some miscreant. Ach I I should like to have him out here on the plain. I would choke him. for money too! The devil—it must have been the devil—to sell that secret td the Government." " I can't see what the Government wanted it for," growled Alexis moodily. "No, but I oan. It is not the Emperor* ho is a gentleman, although he has the misfortune to wear the purple. No; it is those about him. They want to stop education; they want to crush the peasant. They are afraid of being found out; they live in their grand houses, and support their grand names on the money they crush out of the starving peasant." * " Bo do I, so far as that goes." mof coarse yoa do! An4l am your steward —your oru?her. Wo do not deny it, we boast of ity, bat we exohaoge a wink with (he angels— Alexis rode on in silenoe for a few moments. He sat his horse as Englieh foxhuntersdo—not prettily—and the little animal with erect head and scraggy neck was evidently worried by the unusual grip on his ribs. For Russians sit back, with a short stirrup and a loose seat, when they are travelling. One must not form one's idea of Russian horsemanship from the ereot carriage affected in the Newskl Prospect. " I wish," he said abruptly, " that I had never attempted to do any good; doing good to man kind doesn't pay. Here lam tunning away from my own home as if I were afraid of the polioe! The position is impossible." ' Steinmetz shook his shaggy head. "No. No position is impossible in this country—except the Czar's—if one only keeps cool. For men such as you and I any position is quite easy. But these Russians are too romantic—too exaltts —they give way to a morbid love of martyrdom ; they think they can do no good to mankind unless they are uncom fortable." Alexis turned in his saddle and looked keenly into bis companion's faoe. "Do you know," he said, "I believe you founded the Charity League?" Steinmetz laughed in his easy stout way. "It founded itself," he said; "the angels founded it in heaven. I hope a committee of them will attend to the eternal misery of the dog who betrayed it." . "I trust, they will, but in the meantime I atiek to my opinion that it is unnecessary for me to leave the country. What have. I done ? Ido not belong to the League; it is composed entirely of Russian nobles; I don't admit that I am a Russian noble." "Bat," persisted Steinmetz quietly, "you subscribe to the League. Four hundred thousand roubles—they do not grow at the roadside." "But the roubles have not my name on them." "That maybe, but we all— they all—know where they are likely to come from. My dear Paul, you cannot keep up the farce any longer. You are not an English gentleman who comes across here for sporting purposes; you do not live in the old Castle of Osterno three months in the year because you have a taste for medieval fortresses. You are a Russian prince, and your estates are the happiest, the most enlightened, in the empire. That alone it sus picious. You vHect your rents yourself. You nave no German agents—no German vampires about you. There are a thousand things sus picious about Prince Pavlo Alexis if those that be in high plaoas only oome to think about it. They have not oome to think about it—thanks to our care and to your English independence. Bat that is only another reacon why we should redouble our oare. Yon must not be in Russia when the Charity League is picked to pieoes. There will be trouble—half the nobility in Russia will be in it. There will be confiscations and degradations; there will be imprisonment and Siberia for some. You are better out of it, for you are not an Englishman; you have not even a Foreign Office passport. Your passport is your patent of nobility, and that is Russian. No, you are better out of it." "And you—what about you?" asked Paul witb a little laugb, the laugh that one brave man gives when he sees another do a plucky thing. "It-ob, lam all right. lam nobody; I am hated of all the peasants beoause I am your steward and so hard—so cruel. That is my certificate of harmlessness with those that are about the Emperor." Paul made no answer. He was not of an argumentative mind, being a large man, and consequently inclined to the sins of omission rather than to the aotive form of doing wrong. He had an enormous faith in Karl Steinmets, and, indeed, no man knew Russia better than this cosmopolitan adventurer. Steinmets it was who pricked forward with all speed, wearing his hardy little horse to a drooping semblance of its former self. Steinmits it was who had recommended quitting the travelling carriage and taking to the saddle, although his own bulk led him to prefer the slower and more com fortable method of covering space. It would almost seem that he doubted his own ascen dency over his companion and master, which semblance was further increased by a subtle ring of anxiety in bis voice while he argued. It is possible that Karl Steinmets suspected the Hate Princess Natasha of having transmitted to her son a small hereditary portion of that Sla vonic exaltation and reeklessneas of consequence which he deplored. "Then you turn back at Tver?" inquired Paul, at length breaking a long silence. "Yes; I must not leave Osterno just now. Perhaps later, when the winter has come, I will follow. Russia is quiet during the winter, very quiet Ha, hat" He shrugged his shoulders and shivered. But the shiver was interrupted. He raised himself in bis saddle and peered forward into the gathering darkness. " What is that," he asked sharply, "on the road in front?" Paul bad already seen it. "It looks like a horse," he answered—"a strayed horse, for it has no rider." They were going west, and what little daylight there was lived on the western horison. The form of the horse, cut out in black relief against the sky, was weird and ghost-like. It was Standing by the side of the road, apparently grazing. As they approached it its outline became more defined. •• It has a saddle," said Steinmets at length. "What have we here?" The beast was evidently famishing, for as they came near it never ceased its occupation of dragging the wizened tufts of grass up, root andalir • ??What have we here ?" repeated Steinmeta. And the two men dapped spurs to their tired horses. The solitary watt bad a rider, but he was not in the saddle. One foot was caught in the stirrup, and as the horse moved on from tuft to toft it dragged its dead master along the ground. IXO BB CONTINUED.} 