The Storyteller. ST. JOSEPH'S LILY. By Uha Roe, Authok of the "Mysterious Whisper." Chapter II. THE SKELETON IN THE COAL SCUTTLE. : You were a haughty beauty, Polly, That was in the play. I was the lover melancholy That was. in the play." The evening shadows grew deeper and cast, a gloom.ground the solitary dwelling of the schoolmates.; Lawrence sat alone. He could hear the splafah of the river from where he eat and see the silvery gleam'of the evening star frdm his window. The streets were deserted. The twitter of birds settling themselves to roost sounded near, while a church bell ringing a few streets off chimed in with the choruB. Now the shadows faded into night. Lawrence closed' the window,' lighted a candle, and began to , read. IjTot for long—he tossed the book aside, took up his pencil and drew a 'picture. There was no doubt that Mr. O'Connor possessed the genius of an artist, and there cbuldhe no mistake what ever that the face he now portrayed no carefully exactly represented the features of the; beautiful/Mrs. Hesketh, Then he sketched another face. This represented a face he had only seen once, the " Lily of the Valley," as he had called her to him self. _ He wrote - this name under the picture, after which he attempted another portrait but : could' hot succeed to liis satisfaction. . "Well I only saw. her; for a moment. : I shall see her again and will draw, her ;picture, then. She is a little beauty." He threw down thepencil, leaned back in his chair. and gazed right before bitnl Now there' was h inirrpr on the oppo site.. well. an,<j[ /he; locked; straight into r it h^uiept fgj A'step sounded on the gxayel pathleading tb^s'rooiii'"9 He hastily seized the/' of tHb' iVallefc*"thfrutt' it^'ih .lus hreast mused 'LhWrChoey endJ putting iushkhd behind >hi»' head* shot mSeyesahd WmtAdi Fire minutes passed and Lawrence opened hip eyes; and sforted. There was another fooe in the glass beside.bit ojwn,.a handsome - faeewith aismU^batf .merry. half mocking; on-thelipB, aud.Iiftwpeiice/iyoaoonsciotts of : a foil form standingbeside,him , an d a hand laid op;bisshoulder. f'jUpon my, word* ijal/':4?egan'th® new comer,"! am delighted' to have caught you in the; act; ;It isa,relief to-my.modesty to discover that you. have the lpasttaint of vanity* .-NodQllbt yon fancy yourself un commonly handsome,-old fellow; andeo you are. Tou were so for gone in the contem plation of yourbeauty, Lord JNarciBeus, that von faded; to hear my knock, whereupon I took French—no, I mean Australian—leave, and.-behold enter, the ■ 'Eight Honorable' Martin Malachy Meagher Hesketh, Esq. Where can 1 pnt this box, it contains a delicate, article, and must be bandied with Bpecial care't" " Here, give it to me," said Lawrence, springing up and putting the parcel on a side shelf. " And now let me look at you Martin, and hear of yourself. I have missed yon terribly* Are you well ? Where have you been roving ? I have been looking out for your return every day for the past week. Hare, sit down and tell me the news." "When you give me a chance, young Fire-away," said Martin, taking the proffered ohair, and pulling his friend down into another beside bim. " Where have I been ? Well, spending the best part of my time wandering about the ' city of churches,' giving one day to business and three days to pleasure, meeting a few old cronies, and one interesting adventure. Guess whom I met in the fair city of Adelaide ?" " A policeman looking suspicious. " Dozens! Guess again." "Some notorious curiosity, I'll engage. A murderer." " Possibly hn.1f a hundred without being aware of the honor. You are very for from the truth, though. Will you give in. I am dying to unburden my soul." "I'll give in. You excite my curiosity. Who was it ?" "I met my first love. Just imagine, Lai. After parting from her with boiling indignation and a broken heart thirteen years ago, to met her buying dolls in a toy shopI Stop Lai, you are going to say that you. suppose she is married and nothing more natural (than to buy dolls for Jacky, Billy and Jane. . No, she is still Miss O'Neil,—' Sweet ■ Mignonette' — whom I worshipped to the loss of. sleep and mutton chops wnen 'I was one and twenty and she was seventeen.' Time has altered Minnie. She looks old and careworn, while I am still young and handsome^ am I not, Lai ?" "That point admits of no doubt. Go on." " Scoffer, I will go on., I.intendtogo on. 'We met, 'twas in a crowd.' True, Lai, yon. needn't sneer. The shop was crowded, full of people, wax, wooden, and human, a large assortment. She dropped a' sixpence. I picked it up, we recognised each other in the gaslight, she looked calm as a moonbeam. 1 was not so cool, stam mered and blushed like auy hobble-de-hoy. However, we managed a quiet walk and talk, and arranged for subsequent meetings. Now you are looking ; horrified, Lai—no occasion. Minnie O'Neil; is - a harmless specimen of her sex. Years ago when my heart was in a cracked tearpot condition she would not sacrifice her conscientious scruples for my sake, or listen to my en treaties or my threats, and she has not changed one wit since. Minnie is a Catholic; she refused to marry me be cause I was not. There was no other obstacle, I know she loved me. I believe she loves me still with all her quiet ways and sensible speeches. Well, there was nothing else in the way but this dead walL of religion. I would not give in. I am no Christian, neither am I a. hypo crite. I would go my way, she might go hers, I would never have interfered with her religion. All to no purpose; there was a war of words on my Bide only, Bhe, gentle creature, only wept and gave me up. I vowed that I would never cross her path again, that I would marry someone else just for spite. She answered nothing. I turned and left her,: but I had. not gone ten yards before I went back to where she was standing in the moonlight like a statue of stone—1 had almost said like a pillar of salt, for she- was gazing- after me. I took her in my arms' 'and kissed her, swearing that I would never love another, and that if I died of grief she would know that she had driven me to despair. She said once, ' God bless yon, Martin.' ' Thus we parted, and met after thirteen' years in a toy shop—she grown old, and I married! Now, Lai, before I proceed further, tell me what you-think Of the. incident. Is it lucky, or isitnoti1" " I cannot answer that question. I hope it may prove a fortunate meeting for boih of you* Tell me Martin, is this lady a rela tion of the family who live down your lane? They are O'Neils." •*<Yes, she < belongs to'the pe&plebver; the wiy. " They Mre- hrfy ootoi6':<ioilive there lately: ' Lhavejustbeen1 thereto introdnoe "myself.' s 1 Af '"worthy "ftinily— MinweisMr .O'NeSTssi&ter.; HisWife is dead, and there are three1 girts--- Eileeh> Bridget; iandXetieJ Yousee Minnie and I tmveUed'together,: beingbound lor 'the samedestinatioti. From her I learnt the ' history of thiB family, and through her I gained1 an1 introduction: ■ Oh, you: must bfr1 come a friend of these peopletoo. . I meet introduce ybupsiivi-^'f^ ■■■ 11 / • Lawrence then Telated his adventure of the" afternoon, and' Martin nodded/' his head; ■'''■■• '■■■ i '■ •! e: Very gOod--thfen the way is ' payed. But allow me to' give one word of adviee.mydear Lai. Keep heart-whole in your interconree with the O'Neils, you can not win one of the four, and these arC the reasons' why-Minnie is devoted to my memory; Bridget, a lovely girl, is blind; Elate is only twelve years old, and Eileen intends to enter a oonvent." Lawrence suddenly pressed his hand to his breast pocket where the " Lily" lay hid, but spoke no word; > The silence was so1 prolonged that Mr. Martin Hesketh became fidgety, and at length remarked. " I have been waiting for a lecture from you, Lai, and nerving myself to an heroic pitch of resignation. But now I begin to think that you ' have adopted the practice of opium eating and have gone to sleep from the effects. What did I say a while ago before you went to sleep ?" " You were speaking of the O'Neils." " Oh, yes. Eileen is to be a nun. It is a pity. A religious mania runs in that family. Minnie told me that her niece did enter the convent here for a few months— only a few months. Had to leave on account of ill health. The girl waB broken hearted, and hopes to be more successful later on in some other convent, perhaps." "I know now," thought Lawrence to himself, " why she looked so pained when I spoke of the convent; the disappointment was a fresh and bleeding wound." Law rence was conscious that he himself had received in the last few minutes a wound resulting from another kind of disap pointment. " Well, his life had been well seasoned with disappointments. Why should this one, So short and sudden, be the bitterest of all? He would'.conceal the wound however, no one need know." " To return to myself," resumed Mr. Hesketh, " I have; related that episode of my life concerning Minnie to relieve my mind of a burden. Now it is told, and I am not a feather weight lighter. The ghost of old times is with me to-night, and truth to say hat'been with me many nights and 'You never spoke of that episode before, Martiii,*' " No, Lai, it Pas a sore point. Besides I locked up the skeleton long ago. I'll wager that you have your own private 'gentleman in bones,' Lai. That is a suspicious look ing cupboard over there. What or whom have you inside it P" "Claret. Will you have a glass?" "No, thank you, I've had too much al ready. I dined an hour ago, and drank Minnie's health; 1 The meeting with the CNeil's has put me in good humor. It is well she lives ' Iso near our house, I shall profit by that circumstance to see her often." " Is that wise, Martin P" "Best of mentors, it is wisdom un equalled. I am apt to be bored, she will enliven me; I am gloomy, she will cheer me; I am sometimes on the verge of com mitting suicide, she will save me. Fur ther, I purpose engaging her as a governess for my little girli Edith requires someone to look after her, to take an interest in her, and bring her up properly. She Is only six years old, but she is wiBe for her age, it is time that she had regular lessons, and so forth." "I would advise you to think twice, Mar tin, before you engage Miss O'Neil in that capacity." "Yon seem to forget, Lai, that Miss O'Neil is at liberty to refuse the offer. I shall only make the attempt. Should she refuse I own that 1 shall be mortally disappointed, for I have set1 my heart on this project." Another silence, Martin took up the book that: Lawrence had laid over his sketch. Seeing the: drawing of Mrs; Hesketh he examined. it and. made >a wry face.■> " Do you know, you: are aclever artist, school master ? This is capitally executed. You have caught my lad^s look of disdain to perfection, and. the eyes seem: to -speak. You ought to go to Borne and make your fortune." .-....-i i i ■; i " I. hadr serious thoughts of going, to, Ireland to-day. Before you came in I had changed my mind." - . i " For: heaven's sake, don't go anywhere, Lai;; £tay. near me. and be my guardian angel, I want you." ■ . "I am not going. Martin. what is the matter ?" "•-For'MaTfcm^had'mddeniy -assnmeda gloomy look, and had poshed the paper 'Nothing/' rerii^Maijtin. "Haveyou seen her lately^ I' am speaking of my wife^ rp^ « pp r* o more vyon,.^^.me^b.^er in Fremont'** 'J Let that pass. Have the kindness to hand me that fbok if f jyon l |j>l«&fe.; ^Thicikjfcfci, now untie the string and talcs oft the wrapper. i, I ,;wiph. jbo ascwtpi*;t^t thft/&pn; tente axe uninjured, it is a present fcffipy, "Nob' having the digestion of' a? boa-con- • stricter,' ®oi I fear, my dear fellow; that your ukdleton: isa troublesome companion. Can • yon< nob exorcise theiewilupint once, fotiWrpr,?"! j : , . "Would, if I could,sir, Xbelieyethpt myi;jspojy?ied,,ftncesfcor, Malachy ofthe, Golden,Haltephasbequeathed a legacy of gilded necklaces to his humble descendants. I am. one.ps perhaps, you did pot' Know before,' My grandmother was.aTippe-' rary' Meagher,' that is hiow'X come by the namb;' also Malachy, the old lady tfould have me burdened withtbat illustrious title,'forsfeeing, no doubt, what a credit I should be to it." ^Martitt, you are an Irishman after all. Shake hands." " I fear I cannot claim the honor of being a . true. Irishman, Lai; - a solitary grand mother - affords a fellow a ppor hold to the. land of shamrocks, and beside whatever was Irish in the family is almost washed out by this time. Nevertheless, I dread the banshee, and this collar I inherit from Malachy More galls me. I chafe and fret under it, I rave like a chained lion at times, and all to no purpose. . Oh this is a precious land—Australia—where a man htirries on from, one ambition to another, and never stops to breathe till he finds his head in a tangled lasso. As for my skele tons, their name is legion, they inhabit every corner of my house ; they come out at night and dance round me in circles, such antics as you never dreamt of, Law rence." (To be continued). 