Across tho Pacific. I ■ (By John Ploughman.) i : Part 1st, i On the 18th of Inst March I wont on board the good s. a. Alameda, which TVns to take mo away froni deaf old Australia and my kith nhd kih.' -"tiib a. s. AtAitubA.' . , : This vessel, bolonging to tho Oceania Steamship Co., is a fine, well ordered vessel of '3158 tons.' She haB the reputation of being a flyer and has'made 368 knots in the recorded run of 24 hours. She ctn accommodate 142 saloon passengers and 110 steerage. Her crow numbers, all.told, 79. Her. commander, H. G. Morse, is a fine Beaman and through his genial and most friendly disposition ia immensely popular with all who sail with/him. The. ohief steward, Mr Q. N. Clark ; the chief officer, Mr J. Ronnie j tho chief engineer, Mr A, D; Little, and tho purser, Mr J. B. Sutton, are all first class men in their respective departments, and in courtesy and ability, leave nothing to be desired, on the part of the passengers. A MST. Tho trip, on this occasion, was cortainly a most trying one to all belonging to tlie ship, l&ight; up to the ship's arrival in San Francisco, at every oalling place, passengers came pouring on board. Down in the saloon, down in the Bteerago, the poor stewards got little rest. The men who fill these positions, divided into berlh stewards and waiters, though the former got their sharo of waiting [ to do, require to be ati unusually smart and intelligent body of men. And they are. Up ih the morning at 5 p;m., scrubbing, cleaning berths, laying tables, waiting, all dona under very disadvantageous surroundings,; with Beven or eight score of seasiok or irritable land lubbers to wait on and please. From 5 a.m. to 8 p.m. they are at it,-, with barely enough time to snatch a meal, and yet' their patience and fortitude is deserving. of much admiration. Taking, them' right through' these men are remarkably discreet and display great self-control even under a continual oross fire kept up by'fastidious and irritablo passengers, THE COOKS. By all that is wonderful in Australia,' who would not like to bo a cook on a mail boat; Any sane landsman who. thinks it strange that cooks are supposed to- have the devil of' a temper, will cease to wonder at it if he just takes a glimpse into the fiery regions of ship's cooks. Just look in this galley. , Here they stand, four of them, with the no light task of providing meals for about 320 persons chrse. or four times a day. The weather ia bad. Sho ia rolling heavily, first to one side, then to the other. Roll, roll, rollpots and pans, chops and steaks, stews, and soups and pies mixed up like the pieces in a Chinese puzzle. Meal time, bang goes tho gong. Meals for sailorB, meals for steerage passengers, meals for saloon passengers. And the meals for the last named, what a task it means for. poor cooky; ' About ten different courses, some with names that appal you, others with a christening that would excite the visible faculties of a sphinx. Truly these cooks must have hearts and nerves like Egyptian mummies. THE START. . We left Sydney, abftut half past four, oil the 18th of March, amidst the farewell cheers of many friends and spectators congregated together on tho Market (or Marguerite) wharf. Soon land was left behind and the nervous passenger who trod a vessol's deck for tho first time, was left to meditate on the ohances of seeing it again. The first night at sea proved to be a particularly moving ono to passengers who are not in tho-rash habit of leaving terra firma and going down to the deep sea in ships.. A very heavy swell being on she literally rooked us in the cradle of the deep, did thiB good ship Alameda. Rationally speaking now, I can almost :excuae tho little swell passenger with tho goggles who, afterwards, when he went ashore at Auckland, told a lady,-1'.who..guvo.-rao _the. story back with many expressions of joy that we wore still above water," that he, meaning we, had had a terrifio passage and that he expected ovory moment and roll to bo his last. Without joking he expected every roll to bo his last roll call. During the rolling business of the first night a little incident occurred which tended greatly to mako soino of the passengers more reflective on tho wonders and dangers of tho great deep. _ A Bteam pipe burst in tho still hours of the night. Immediately there was a stampede from the bunks below .up to the deok,- old and young displaying equal energy and devotion to self, disappearing in.tho twinkling of an eye up tho ladder, girded in life belts, flow they behaved in the saloon I know not, but presume with well affe'oted indifference, as should first cluss people. Tho inoident was both exciting and amusing. Exciting because we all realised that, lifebolt or none, there was little chance of our being ablo to swim back to Sydnoy in the face of the heavy sea prevailing, amusing because it clearly demonstrated that sea sickness in some cases is only a thing of imagination and tho hour of indolence. All that was needed to crown the moment was tho presence of the individual who, in a time of similar danger,, oame rushing up on deok, clothed in an indiarubber air suit which tho wearer has to expand by broathing into it & Id football bladder. Being too nervous on this occasion the owner Btoou first one moment vainly trying tn blow himself out, or rather tho apparatus, tho next frantically bellowing to some equally frightened paBaengor, •; blow me up, blo w mo up." It is not on record whether ho was blown up or not, but I believe ho reached the shore all right, Prom this night our run of 1285 miles to Auckland was just a wee bit rough you ken. This run is accomplished in about three days and 20 hours. VVe left Sydney, as stated, on Mon?"y18th March at 4.30 p.m., and arHved in Auckland tin, £ollnwjng Friijny about 7 p.m. AUCKLAND. The city of Auckland, which is a fino one, cqritaining some good buildings was quite gay and it was very pleasant to tread its streets after tho sea tumbling. One thing which will inte'rentjinany of your Australian, is tho fact that Friday night here is tho Saturday'night. The shops keep 'open till late. On Saturday they close atlpm. I had tho pleasure of inspcoting tho officers ;of tho Auckland Herald, a magnificent building which speaks volumes for tho paper, its progress and enterprise, as also for tho spirit in wfiich tho good people of Now Zealand support their press, which press is tho main spring of civilisation and is fast drawing tl is world into a vory narrow circle. DISTINGUISHED PASSENGERS ON BOABD. : I may hero enter upon a description of a fow of our passengers which will prove items of interest to your readers. From Auckland wo had tho honour of the company of Prince Francis Joseph Battenburg, a younger brothor of Prince Henry, married to Princess Beatrice. Tho Prinoe who was accompanied by only a valot, is tall, has a stoop, and is I about 32 years of nge. Ho is of ft vory | roliring disposition, hates fuss, and is travel| ling round this world of ours in a vory quiet ' way. Bo was in India, Melbourno, Sydney, i then at Auckland. Ho left tho Alameda at Honolulu, where he stayed a fow days, going on to San Francisco, from which city | ho went overland to New Sbrk, thence on;to London to soe his brother. He is said to be a good linguist, certainly speaks English and French very well, and is undoubtedly an intelligent, amiable, and retiring man, with good porceptives, and little approbativenoss. In the saloon from Honolulu wo had Mr. Ferris, tho now celebrated Amoricsn engineer, wiio made a name at tho World's Fair by tho production of a gigantic wheel, which at short spaous around it had littlo enclosed in house boxes in which people sat and went round and round, tho boxes: of course remaining in a position, whioh though of peouliar motion did not stand, tho travellers' on their h«ads. This amusement proved practical and it if said that overn half million of dollars woro coined and fune's s.amp sot upon tho ongineer, In the saloon trom Sydney wore two young successful graduates from Oxford having a tour. Ab Apia, Samoa, another distinguished traveller crime onboard, This gentleman in Mr Charles Baxter, the intimate friend of, publishet for. andleisoiitor for tho late talented author,. Robert Louis Stevenson, who died at Apia, and was buried oloseto hisSamoan residence on tho summit of one of the mountains immediately in the roar of Apia township, ur this author I will huvo ■ a little interest-' ing tnews to give later on. ■ At Apia tvo' also took on boards somo passengers, who though' Bteerage ones deserve notice. ...There wore two Latter Day Saints, returning to Salt Jbafco with .their families after.a three years' mission among the islands. Mr T. H. Hilton, , of Salt Lako wity, I found j- most interesting and intelligent person, and the/following brief description whioh he gave me: of the famous oity in a wilderness where there is said, to be no destitution, will be found interesting, ooming as it does from a native, of the state ?'Utah. Salt Juike city has about 127,000 inhabitants and is divided into 22 wards eaoh ward having a bishop find tfto Bounoil-. iors to watph over its welfare. Each ward has a mbeting house and teacher, part of whoso duty it is to watch over the poor. All Morraan missionaries work free* that is at their own expenso, or aro helped tb do so by a generaL subscription, if poor, fcut suitable for the work, -They believe that Baptism is essential to salvation, in universal salvation, that solvation to be only attained W laying on of hands made snored by the Holy Ghost. They have several factories established on a co-operative system, each one giving what he can afford, ana they are found to work well and give a good deal of pnncipaV holl can seat 10,000 and has.a choir of 400 persons. This choir took 2nd prize at the; World's fair. They have exoluded from their platform ' preaching on polygamy, and Mr Hilton informed me that when they did permit particular care was taken: to see that the individual taking to himself more than one wife.was a fit one in oharaoter and wealth for the increased responsibilities!' APIA, : . -Apia, Samoa,: is in Lafc. 13'49 S., Long., u be remembered as the scene of the awful storm followed by the complete shipwreck of 4 men of war, in ^hich over 300 [men-lost theirtlires within 5707 yards of the shore. The Calliope unhindered by the immediate presence of other ships, as were the German and American ships, was enabled to navigato and rode fchroufiht the mountainous aurf, yard by yard, till after a long protracted struggle ah© was enabled to pass the narrow passage,. the dangerous reefs, and onoe out at sea free from the treacherous shallow water • within the roofs was free to pitch and toss and defy the gale. To good fortune, combined with good seamanship andpluob, did the Calliope and her several score of brave seamen owe their safety. The water within the reefs being very shallow the Alameda lay off about 100 yards from the shore, there being through this shallowness of water no wharf accommodation. Apia is considered fairly healthy, except during the rain aoason. The principal products here are copra, .sugar, maize and fruit. A number of natives are brought from the Solomon Islands and the Hebrides to work nnder the contract system and from all accounts tho friendship betweein them and the natives is not very strong aud severe headaches often ensue from .their occasional meetings. The natives proper, are of a copper colour, some being light others very "dark. They are remarkably well formed, the men being of very strong build all possessing fine deep clear magnetic eyes, mild • intelligent countenances, and weli formed heads, whioh bespeaks them to have been at all times inferior to no coloured islander, andjthough they have been add ict.d even up to the laBt war, to the simple amusement of cutting off their enemies head and drinking their blood they were never known ta hn addicted tp;cannibalism During the last war tho King's~men"were- --■■■■ requested, and I believe obeyed the ore"!it, to refrain from indulging in the luxury of cutting off heads, permission being granted, which was availed of, to cut off the «ius instead. Such is the advance of civilisation, not a bad ons certainly for-a man without ears would be more presentable than a man without a head. Through the courtesy of Mr Hilton I was enabled to gather a few interesting items of the islands on which he had laboured as a missionary, for three years. Mr Hilton explained to me that the natives were all X supposed them to be from observation, generally healthy, well formed intelligent and peaceful, but added that iliey were immoral and indolent; though, added he, it is a rare thing to find one over .14 who cannot read and write and is. without knowledge of God. Back from the town of Apia where the natives aro still in their primitive state they live in their pole huts roofed and lined with intertwined cocoa nut leaves which tliey do in suoh an expert manner as to defy wind and rain. The bedding and bod tho owner can take up and walk away with at any time and is also u cocoa nut leaf mat. A peculiar custom of the natives whioh somewhat amusingly shows their distrust of the stability of their fair one's oharaoter is the rearing of villago virgins. In each village there lives a girl, the prettiest to be found, who is night and day under the watchful eye of guardians whose duty it is to see that no evil ejmes about. When of sufficient maturity this girl is sold to the chief for' mats, and the raising of a fresh virgin begius. In opposition to this female custom is the male custom of having in each village what is called a mania. This is a young gentleman who holds tho position of villago gallant. He is the best looking and is privileged. The natives of Samoa are as yet disturbed by the lato war and it is pretty freely asserted hore that King Malieota is unfit to reign, though not unpopular as a man. The defeated chief Mataafa is an exile Oil one of tho other islands. Tho sequel to ' tho disturbance came in tho shape of a vory serious accusation against tile lato Kobeit liouis Stevenson, who died and was buried here near his estate on one of the lofty hoights visible from the sea. It would appear that a party of the name of Taylor anonymously.accused tho deceased author of • having- imported urms for the rebellious natives. Tho acouser was traced, brought to the bar of justice, and he very deservedly got three months for his lying cruel libel on a memory whioh is hold in high esteem. ■Robert Jjouis Stevenson, from all accounts, would appear to have been a man, who while hi.ad With romance, yet found timo to love even the poor natives around him and ever in a practical way showed his intorest in their welfare. Several members ot his family still remain in Apia and are also held in high ostoem. They inoludo Mrs Stevenson who made a bravo and successful defence of her deceased talented husband during tho trial of Taylor. There aro two papers in Apia and I hud the plousuro cif a little conversation with tho . courteous proprietor of one, the Samoa Weekly Herald, Mr J. Denvers, who informed me thai tho times wero bad around Samoa. His paper, a very well conducted one, is issued overy Saturday, costs Od and has a oiroulation of 300 or 400, which takes in Tonga, Figi, Hawaii and even New Zealand, as woUas tho Samoan islands—Tho. principal trouble hero next to the lato war and its effects is the unsatis* factory state of Municipal ■ Legislation on tho-liquor questions and the dilotijrinora of the same oounoil in providing a proper system of assessment of property. 1'lie Germans horo aro in tho lead in business and numbers, tho only important importing ™ being that of Messrs Fringa and Co. lhia being tho caso we can readily understand tho Gormaii's'eagerness to look after and conserve cheir interests' in theseislands. Tho hotel accommodation horo is out of ali proportion to tho size and business of tho town and island-Thero are no less than six houses, which will shortly bo increased to oight, wlieroas two or nt mosb throe would bo ample, for oa Mr Delivers says, where is the necessity for these when the whole oliontele of the tight liousos .cannot exceed 200 poraous. There is a nice little library hori) whioh contains 1800 books, also fhja reading room. An interesting oiporionco jieteon the arrival of a mail boat is the general stir that takes, place. The teasel is soon surrounded by a fleet of boats from the light native tree trunk canoe laden with fruit to the ordinary European boat in oharge of licensed native boatmen eager to secure a faros whioh is 2a to the shore and taok to the vessel. Fruit and native ourios are energetically thrust before you by natives who are themselves very interesting objects of curiosity to all who sea them for the [ first time. Strange cries arising from the waiter you look over the ship's Bide and find it surrounded with young and remarkably expert swimraors of both sexes eagerly looking up for a coin whioh when thrown away . a little distance from the swimmers causes much amusement as well as producing a splendid exhibition of quick swimming and diving. Through the water quiok as any sea fish go a dozoti forms in tho direction of the coveted.coin, down go a dozen heads, up go a dozen pair offeeo funnily interlocked till you oan no longer tell to whom they belong, then'up oome a dozen heads and the securer of the Coin, after triumphantly displaying it to the spectators on the deck, puts it in his ihotith and waits for another, chanoo. (Oorioluded in our next. I 