TOPICS OF THE DAY. The- Hallway Commissioners say. In reference to the various schemes which have lately been brought forward for a central station, that the mnttcr en gaged their attenlon long ago. They referred it to a departmental board to report upon a scheme for centraUslriK all the suburban traffic, leaving the country traffic to bo conducted at Hponeer ntreot as at present. The board lias nearly completed Its investiga tions, and the Commissioners hopo to receive It within a few weeks. Mr Fydcr states that the knowledge that this report was forthcoming deterred tlieCommfssIoncrs from wasting money upon Improvements lo the existing sta tions. Some time ago n statement was made In the columns of a morning contem porary to the effect that unions tho rates for the carriage of fish from Port Fairy were reduced, the traffic would be dlvertod to steamers trading from that port. The Hallway Commis sioners state that they have watched the traffic since the assertion wah made, und Ilnd that It has suffered very slight diminution. They huvc no fear of stcuiner competition, as fishermen are prepared to pay n little more for tho conveyance of their fich by rail In crder to reach the market early, "aivad" desires to convey, through our columns, a serious warning to tho so-called ghost of the suburbs against paying a visit to Malvern. "Several of the residents," hu writes, "havot pro vided Lhenu'olvoH with six-shooters for this madman's first appearance, and linvc sworn to flra point blank at one of tho inhuman monster's fata) spots. Would It not he well for tho police to do a Httlo towards capturing the 'ghost' before blood Is spilled?" At tho Fltzroy Court this morning Janu's H. Bradford, licensee of tho Dillon X'lub Hotel, Webb street, was charged with having permitted a drun ken iterson to renal hi on his premises ou Sunday, 21st Inst. In consequenco 1 of a complaint made about nuother 1 matter, Senior-constable Ileberlo mid Cmistnblo Hutchison went to the hotel at 2 p.m. on the. day in queutlon, uml ! saw a drunken man there, whom de fendant said had been lu the place since P o'clock that morning) The ' constables arrested the man, ami he ' was lined next morning for drunken ness. The defence ..was that the uiuu was u lioarder, us he called uml or dered a meal. The dnfeudaul was lined J.2, A miner named Benjamin Costlll, against whom au order was made by the Hlehmond Court last week for the payment of 12s n week towards, the support of his three children, appealed ' this uiorulug to tho same Bench to alter tho order, lie did not appear whim summoned Inst week, iho order being made In his absence. Toduv he informed the Bench that he had uHvays «out his wife and family us much money as possible while be was work- ing as a miner In fllppstand. 'and that It would bo quite Impossible for him to comply with tho terms of the order, t_?vn8 1101 likely ho would receive anything until the crushing, which woujd not be for sorno llttlo time. The Bench declined to vary tho order. Great preparations are being made i by tho Fltzroy and Colllngwood Coin- ! lulttees, which have been appointed to superintend Ihe fancy dress procession and carnival and Jmtl, which takes place nu Wednesday next on behalf of ; the local charities. The procession will j start from the Colllngwood Town Hall at one o'clock. The sports will com- I mence at three o'clock, and, with the side shows, will occupy attention for the rest of the nftcmoon, ami In the evening the ball will take place. At a special meeting of subscribers to the Kichmotid Free Dispensary, a bye-law passed at a previous meetlug was confirmed, to the effect that any public or corporate body contributing 1.20 or more in ono sum to the funds of tho Institution, should havu the prl- , vllogo of nominating a life governor, provided that the same society, public or corporate body should not uoinhmte more than one person In any one year. At the close of the special meet ing the itHunl minim! meeting of the Dispensary was held, when the rei>ort of the Committee of Management was submitted. It stated that the number of medical attendances during the year ended fiUlh June last bad been filkkTi, Including patients visited at their homes, the number of distinct patients being 1)75, of whom liTil were visited ut their homes. Special consideration had been given by the coumilltee lo fissure Ihetnsehcs that the relief given was efficient, while ut the satne time mea sures were taken to prevent the mis use of the charity by persons able to pay for professional advice and medi cine. The halanee-shcet showed that the receipts fur the year had been L1T7 lHs 7(1, and that there was a bal ance of LlUo 15s Sd In the bank. The report and balance-shoot wore adopt ed, uud Messrs Fisher. Nathan, utid Fluchum were re-elected on ihe com mittee. Messrs Croliui' nud Coles were re-elceled auditors. The unusual spectacle of u constable coiiveylug it drunken woman to the , lock-up In u hand truck, drawn by a hired man, might have been witnessed. In Colllngwood yesterday. Constable Buurke found thu woman lying help less In the mud, nud as he coud not procure u cab, hu borrowed the vehicle mentioned from an ndjaccnt marine store. It answered the purpose, but the constublc hud to occupy a seat by lior side. Jacob Goldstein. 37 years of age, re siding at Preston, was admitted to the Melbourne Hospital to-day, suffering from inlerual injuries and collapse. lie was thrown from a milk cart fit the cornet' of Victoria Parade and Gore street, Fltzroy, and was brought to the hospital by a constable. The public are reminded that the fancy dress carnival lu aid of the Col llngwood and Fltzroy charities will take place In tbo Exhibition Building on Wednesday next. The Mayors of the cities Interested are joint chairmen of a strong and Influential committee, mill no effort will be spared to unsure success. The fancy dress procession will leave the Colllngwood Town Hall at 1 p.m., and proceed via tho princi pal streets to the Exhibition, where a programme of sports will be carried win itichidn it two mile bi- cycle race, other athletic spurts, and a novelty In the shape of a buck- Jumping contest. In the evening a fancy dresa ball will be held, and no doubt will be largely patronised. It Is hoped thnt, as usual, lite annual fete will Jesuit In a substantial sum being realised for dis tribution amongst the deserving poor. In tho shape of food, clothing nud fuel, during, the winter mouths. Ou Woiiiieiihiy tiro Salvation Army are holding their Annual Koscuo Domonstru- lion in tho Melbourne Town Hall, '.lie Acting GoNoruor, Sir John Madden, Hiking the olieir. Mr Justice Hodges, Iho hot), R. W. Bi'fll, M.L.A., and otlnr prauiinout g»ntliuncn will add tons the mooting. Particulars will ho given by lending officers of tho work that has been bono amongst the fulloii nnil uutcust dar ing thu past twelve mouths, and a den- oription given of tho vnrioun Homes thnt hnvubosn ostablislicl in the colour. A proceisiou of a novel cluiraotor wtil fltsrt Iroin tin Model Schools uu routu for thu Town Hull at 7.10 p.m. Detective Sexton, while walking along Collins street to-Uuy, noticed h mau named Joseph Daniels alius Atkin son. For tho man's arrest it warrant had been Issued as far buck as the 1711; of August, 1890, on u charge of forging and uttering a cheque for LI 8» upon Frederick Lennon, licensee of the Slur Hotel, I (indigo. Bex ton promptly ar rested Daniels, who will he brought before the City Court to-morrow. During the recent inclement weather the committee of the Prnhrun. South Yarm, and TouraU Ladles' Benevolent Society did soino excellent work among the distressed of thoso districts, In oil, 318 eases were relieved during ihe fortnight ending £Gth July, the ma jority of these being adults. There were among the number 90 widows In very straitened clrciimstunces, and 22 wlvea whose husbands are known to exist, but who do nothing to support those dependent on them. Sixteen mar ried couples and 27 aged and single individuals are also on the list of those relieved during the fortnight. The meagre wants of all those mentioned .were provided for out of a sum of L34 11s <5d available for disbursement. Assistance In clothing may be sent lo "Anerly," Jackson street, Toorak, ami In money to the lion, treasurer, "Hn- vensburg," Dandenong rond, Armadale, or the hon. secretary, 20 Ilawksburn Tho number of cases relieved weekly by the committee of the Melbourne Lndlos' Benevolent Society for the fort night ending 23rd July, amounted to 939 (Including 2-1C9 Individuals). Among these were : — widows, 4G7; sick end In firm, 107; deserted wives, 04; wives whose husbands nro In prison, 10; wives whose husbands are absent, 31; wives whose hunbande nro partially employed, 29; do. unemployed. 111; ami aged couples, 03. The outlay during the fort night In relief of cases was C173 18» 3d. Contributions will be thankfully re- i eeived and Information given by the hon. treasurer, Mrs Jnmleoon, GG Collins street; by the secretary, 201 George street, Mast Melbourne; or by the col lector, Mr John M'Cnllum, &7 Itosenenth street, Clifton Hill. The committee thankfully acknowledge a parcel of quilts from the Time and Talents Asso ciation. Some time ago several hairdressers of Prnhrnn petitioned tho local council to pass a byc-luw declaring a weekly half- holiday for their trade, but it was re jected lu consequence of thu number c-f names attached to the petition not being deemed sufficiently numerous. Another petition having the same object In view lias now been prepared, and Is being numerously signed. I t Is anticipated that at least nine-tenths of tho persons engaged In this business wilt be found to bu In favor of the movement. Wo have received u copy of the second edition of the 'Austratusi.ui bed era 1 Pastoral Directory," Isoticd in connec tion with thc"Australa»p.n Pastoral Re view." Tho first Issue of this direc tory was published early In 1893, being the stock returns up to 1S92, uud thf> publication has been found to be so valuable for cirevdutislng uud other pur poses that the proi rlotors huvc been re quested by govern! c.i the large financial , Institutions to lance a second edition, giving, tho latest uvullablc returns. Tho new edition is much moro complete than tho last, and o.mtalns nearly ;25,00U nHines. whereas ihe lust only contalnr-d ubout 12,000 names. It Includes a Vie torluu lint of all Fastoiallfits, and, for the first tlms, there of Western Aus tralia. William John Theodore Larsen Is re ported as missing from his lodgings, 150 Elizabeth stroet, Richmond, since tho 22nd InstonL Fears are entertained for his safety, as he never stayed away be- ! fore and he left his clothes behind htm. I The missing man is 38 years of age, 3ft | 7ln In height, medium build, fair com plexion, small fair moustache only. Wore brown striped tweed trousers, black sac coat and vest, colored cotton shirt, light soft felt hat 'tfhd elastic-Hide Members of the. Old acotch Uollc-gl- nns' Club, and Obi Boys generally, will j doubtless be pleased to hear that the j committee have Just completed ar rangements for a lease, dating from 1st August next, of the premises situated In Collins street east, opposite the Mel bourne Athenieum. It will be seen on reference to an advertisement In an other column that a special general meeting will be held nt Messrs Young ami Jackson's to-morrow (Tuesday) evening at eight , o'clock sharp, when the president, Sir George Balllle, Bart., will take the chair. As a great doal will depend upon the success of thlo meeting, the commjttoc trust that mem bers will not only be present themselves but induco ns many Old Collegians as possible, whether members or not, to attend also. The secretaries find It ut terly impossible to reach all the "Old Boys" who would probably like to Join tho club, and therefore, trust that nil those who have not yet received a cir cular will accept this general Invitation, In uld of the unfortunate Bark family at Buulh Melbourne, the following do nations have been sent to us from the Westernport Hotel:— J.P.D., Js; Gen. H„ La; D. Dep., Cd; Sympathy, Is: Mr J. Is; T.a. Is; WAV.. Cd; total, 7s. Three oppositions te the allowance of amendment of the cyanide patent ha'e been lodged, one by W. H. King, of Crcswlck; another by John C. Mont- gomerle, of Dalnvue, Stair, Scotland, a distinguished Inventor of g.dd saving processes, and tin other by George O Turrl, patent agent, Melbourne, en his own account Mi. Turrl has been re tained lo conduct tho other two oppo sltions. One of the above parlies is also opposing the rmendment in Tasmanl . This cyunlde Invention, which has heei rendered fainour, by the results p.t- talned by It In South Afrk a, and by two recent -lecLlons of tho hlghe.lt courts of Great Britain against the va lidity of the pa'cut (and also by the action tnkon bj- the Government of New Zealand for «he revocac.on of tho patent), Is one which affects the mining Interests of Australia to a trcmendo.i.i extent. In our advertising columns, Mr J, Nicholson announces himself as a can didate for re-election ns a member of the committee of management of the Melbourne Hospital. Mr O. O. Crcspln will sell, ut Ids rooms, Queen street, lo-morrow. at hall- past two o'clock, by order of the cxecu- lors of the Jute Mr Duncan Logan, iluuierglen, a catalogue of choice old \ ctorian wines. Messrs Dalgoty and Co. Limited will hold a grain sale at their rooms to-mor row at a quarter to 12. In our advertisement columns Mr F, H. Pollock announces himself as a can didate for election na member of tho oornmlttceo of management of the Mel bourne Hospital. The election takes place on Wednesday next. 