Mysterious Affair at Braidwood. CLOD THROWING EXTRAORDINARY. SAID TO BE THE WORK OF A GHOST. For some few weeks past considerable ex citement lias prevailed amongst residents pf Sis-mile Flat, Warri-Bombay and Colombo (writes the Braidwood Difpalch) by a series of extraordinary occurrences, the origin of which is still as deep and impenetrable as ever, not withstanding the most careful and rigid in quiry, although there are people who refuse to believe anything else than that they are the result of supernatural agency. It appears that a miner named Cunningham and a male lived in a hut belonging to Mr. Terence M'Gtrath, of Colombo, which is situated cloje to the Shoalhaven River. They had occupied the place for some time, when all of a Budden one night the building was bombarded with clods from nn ant bed which had been picked up by Cunningham, and which is situated about 100 yards from the hut. The pieces of hard mud penetrated tbe cracks between the slabs, al though how some of them could get through it puzzled them, since tbey were larger than the opening. They natu rally ' looked about to find tbe author of the throwing, but without any success. When they went outside, they aver - and their testimony is since corroborated by a number of other witnesses-the clods hit the inside of the building. On the following night a repetition of the business occurred, and the men bocame somewhat alarmed. The told some others of it, at the same time expressing tbeir belief that the throwing was the work of a ghost. These persons visited the scene, and found the factB exactly bb stated by Cuoning ham and his mate. The story spread, and others, viewing the matter as a joke, likewise visited the place with the assurance that tbey at least would discover tbe origin of these pe culiar occurrences. Tbey left in the same happy condition of mystification as those who bad preceded them, although they went with guns, which they fired in the direction from where the throwing proceeded. And here we may remark that tbe clods thrown strike the liut in almost exactly tbe same place every time between two slabs near the window. On several occasions no leSB than eighteen people have been on the lookout at tbe same time, forming a sort of semi-circle round tbe side of the hut where the throning ocours. Tbey fired their guns, loaded with shot, into the busheB of the trees surrounding tbe place, with such good effect that there is not a tree or log within a couple of hundred yards of the hut that is not riddled with shot. To make sure that the clods cattle from the ant bed, a number of them were marked with char coal, and these have been subsequently found inside the hut, perfectly unbroken. Although the spot is plainly within view of the watchers, and any one visiting it could easily be detected, and to make assurance doubly sure the watebers have actually placed cotton thread on small stakes rigbt round the bed, but this line was not broken or touched, showing that there is no possibility of anyone sneaking np to the bed, throning the clods, and running away. Although the proceedings are most mysterious, and rival the recont stone-throwing case near - Sydney, vrhioh create] such excitement some Bhort time ago that the metropolitan papers even devoted considerable space to tbe extra* ordinary proceedings enacted there. Tbe. most peculiar thing about the matter is that tbe clod-throwing started simultaneously with the disturbing of the ant bed by Cunningham. And what is Btill more peculiar, tho presenoe of this man in the hut is absolutely neoesBary to produce the " manifestations." Without him there is no clod-tbrowing. Many sensible, level-beaded men have visited the spot, and although loth to believe that the throwing is done by any supernatural agency, tbey are absolutely unable to account for the pro ceedings. The throwing usually commences at about half-past 10 o'clock at night, and con tinues sometimes till daybreak, although as a rule it only lasts for a couple or three hours. 