SIR GILES'S COFFIN. Maintained with confidence was a belief in the existence of the ghost of the " Bad Sir Giles," whose alleged characteristics were well calculated to excite the terror which they actually produced in the neighborhood of Pen Owen. In the malignity of his supposed qaalitiesand habits the ghost in question surpassed all other membsra of his race. It was averred that he usually made his apgaaranoe in the farm of a quadraped, or, at any rate, that his normal position was on all fours. This much was establiihad as a fact—that Sir Giles's body had been found hanging in an old summerhouse, still visible when I was a child, with every appearance of death by suicide, and that his coffin, still shrouded in the pall originally covering it, lay alone on the ground in the centre el the extensive vault where members of the Pen Owen family had been deposited for generations. The old clock which stood in the $tchen at the Pen Owen Arms announced to the villagers asssmbled there one OhriBtmas Eve that it was 10 o'clock, enforcing the statement with an emphasis and deliberation that admitted of no contention. Of the further fact that the night was wet JUd dark and windy the guests could satisfy themselves by a glance at the latticed window. There was sbvioaaly no desire on the part of the inmates to substitute the darkness and cold of the outer world for the warmth and brightness of the comfortable inn. Sooner or later, however, the change must be effected, and David Thomas, the merry, ruddy-faced groom from the rectory, took the initiative. "Well, gentleman," he exclaimed, "I must be eff. So good-night, and, Jem Atkins, take care Sir Giles's ghost doesn't get hold of you at hut. He's safe to bs about on a night like this." "Sir Giles be blowed!" returned Jem Atkins, the village smith, cltncbing his massive fist; "I should like ic see him come within reach of my arm." Jem prided himself on being a profound sceptic in all matters temporal and spiritual. " Why, J«m, you know you always go the long way home instead of cutting across the churchyard and past the door of the vault." Another laugh greeted this renewed attack on Jem Atkins, who 'was anything but a general favorite. 1 1 Whoever told you that, young man, told you a lie.' Do Hook like being afraid of a ghost 1" An irritating laugh was the only reply. "Well, I'll tell you what Til do," exclaimed the blacksmith, angrily. " I'll bet you half-a-crown I go into the vault by myself to-night, and, what's more, III sit a bit on the eld gentleman^ coffin and smoke a pipe, if you like, there; that is, if Morgan here will let me go in." The antwerto thia challenge was the immediate offer by eld Morgan, the sexton, of the massive key which opened the door of i the vault." "Wait a minute," objected Jem's tormentor. ''If you go alone, who's to know what game you mayn't be up to t Why, you < might just go out into the road, coma back In ten minutes, and 'never go near the churchyard at ali." The justice of Thomas's suggestion was generally leaognised* It was finally arranged that the proposer of the bet should establish his claim to the stake by hammering two or three nails into the baronefs ooffin, a feat which would servs as a proof on the following morning that he had accamplished his proposed performance. 3n a inert "time the blacksmith had tarned his backon the cheerful-light which shone from the window of the alehouse, and was proceeding on Us hazardous erraxd. It was less than ten minutes' walk from the Pan Owen Arms to the charch, bat before the expiration of this brief interval Jem Atkins had repented his engagement, which, but for very shame, he would now willingly have abandoned, even at the sacrifice of his half-crown. No wonder, then, that he started with terror, and that tig heart beat loud and fast, when seme large animal brushed against him at the very gate of the churchyards It was o&'y the retriever whioh habitually accompamsd our gamsfeee^ir, Jack JBawlings, on hie nightly rounds] but ibi contact succeeded in completely shattering the nerves of the blacksmith. The wind now howled and shrinked among the branches of the churchyard elms, and heavy rain drops pattered loudly against the lanterns, which scarcely served to guide Jem Atkins's steps along the winding path to the door of the vault. The ancient key appeared to utter a note of warning when he turned it in the nwiy lock, and the gut of wind admitted by the opening door seemed, as it swept around the silent chain ber, to cany to its occupants an announcement of the rash visitor's presence. But, even in this supreme moment, Jem Atkins bethought him of . the dangers other than those connected with the unseen world. He was awfcre that the vault door, which closed inward, shut with a spring. Odnwquently, if he left the key outside, one touch of an unfriendly hand, or even one gut of wind, might consign him to a night-long imprison ment. The intruder's hand shook as he placed the key in the inside keyhole of the aeor, and proceeded to hang up the lantern on its projecting handle. Either Jem's eye was deceived by the uncertain light or his trembling hand was unequal to the attempt —for, a few moments after he had quitted his hold.of the lantern, it slipped from its , support and lay with broken framework and extinguished light oa the floor of the charnel-house! In vivid contrast to the gloom and sllesee of the vault were the bright light and merry conversation at the Pea Owan Arms. Jem's mission—to Mm tfee casse of BO mach apprehension and terror—¥c;5K<i a sabjcct of the utmott hilarity for t=se companions whom he had left behind. As its time of his expected return appro^cacd the Eisrrimeut abated, and it was al&t; ss Rsoidet tilence in the ina parlor that a heavy tread was heaid approachisg. In another moment Jem deshed into the room, slammed the door behind him, and, with a look of agonised Urror in its direction, stood with his back to th« wa?i feetnbling & every limb ; his eyes glared wildly, and the sweat broke on his forehead. Nothing was audible osUi^e, except the faint mtimar of the now r.s; artisg storm, and Jem IcokcGurage I> vs? £v*n with some . ademption of his u?ua! maoeer lh-.t he an- KOECC d that he had v,..a the wrger. and demanded the moncj. But it was ylam' ihat Jem was suffering f em ihe «£Ecct cf some !-serious alarm, and when he moved forward from ths wall it was obvious that he had j been the Tictim of a violent asEault from the rear. The ample skirts of his coat were discovered to be torn and tattend as if by the ' claws or fangs of some savage beart. In fact, they offered to view such scores and xnarkt as might represent the results of an onslwsght by lie spectral Sir Giles. By degrees ha gave the result of his experiences to tiat toUowUg effect, Tba sadden tx .iscl.'ca of lantern, he sai£, had resulted in a con*.. ..a ef absolute darkness. Under the impulse of the terror occasion by his alarming situation, Jem had made several vain, frantic efforts to escape from these dismal surroundings. At last the doughty blackamitn staggered and fell heavily upon Sir Giles's coffin. Recovering his presence of mind by a supreme effert, he, with trembling hands, hammered the requisite number of nails into the coffin on which he was laid. On rising after the completion of his task, he had found himself dragged backward by some invisible assailant, who had attacked him from the point of vantage which the wicked baronet was alleged to affect. By a frantic effort he had shaken himself free from the assailant, who clung with pertinacity to his skirts, had reached the exit from his ghastly prison house, had slammed the massive door in the face ef his fancied pursuer, and had presented himself at the Pen Owen Anns in the state of abject panic already deecribed. A carefd examination, however, of the scsne of Jem Atkins's terror corroborated the trath of his narrative, and at the same time demonstrated the nature of his myete-* rious assailant: It was plain that, in his confasion and terror, the one begotten by his love, the other by his dread of spirits, the blacksmith had nailed his own coat-tails to Sir Giles's ooffih. 