THE EMOTIONAL IN RELIGION. It is not uncommon in these days to hear people sneer at the emotional in religion, as though it were a low and un worthy thing. We are told that culture and education repress the emotional, and that religion is a matter of judgment rather than of feeling. If, however, in the early days of Methodism there was some times more beat than light, more heart power than intellectual development, has not the pendulum swung too far in the opposite direction ? If, in the heroic days of the fathers, they had no theological seminaries, fine churches, operatic singing, or essay sermons, they had the rapturous shout, tbe hearty amen, the streaming tears of penitence, and the triumphant shout of the , soul new born into God's kingdom of grace. That in our time there is a very marked decay of the emotional none will deny. It is manifest everywhere. It is observed in the present type of oon viotion ond conversion. Seldom do we any more Bee the mental anguish, the pro* longed and desperate struggle, with the corresponding exultation and ecstacy, that marked the conversions of the olden time. Men are convicted without anguish and converted without xapture. The kingdom of heaven is no longer stormed with tears, and strong crieB, as though to be taken by very force. We read the wonderful stories told in the biographies and narratives of the fathers, of people torn by the agonies of conviction, and making the isles or woods ring with the glad shout of trinmph in the moment when God spoke peace to their souls and congratulate ourselves that we live in a more refined and cultured age. All this is strange when we consider that in other matters people are as emotional as ever. The whole country goes wild over a yacht race, and multitudes lose all self control in watching a game of football. In politios, business, and the pursuit of pleasure, mankind were never more sus ceptible to emotion than they are at the present time. Men that have passed middle age shout themselves hoarse for a favourite candidate, lose their senses over a winning horse or a popular prima donna, and those who otherwise are staid and sober citizens act like lunatics upon the Stock Exchange. So it will not do to attribute the decline of the emotional in religion to an increased education and culture. We must look in another direction for the real reason. Why, then, is the emotional so largely ignored in the religious life of to-day ? The answer is not far to find. Worldly con formity has chilled the warm current of devotion, and substituted a formal respect ability for old time fervour. The subtle spirit of doubt with which the very air seems oharged, and which so largely permeates modern literature, haB weakened the faith of many. A return to the old paths is the only course that will awaken the cold heartB and the hardened conscience. There must be clear conviction, or there can be no clear conversion. A mighty baptism of the Holy Ghost will rekindle the fire upon the altars of the Church, turn timid Elis into faithful Elijahs, and many a doubling Thomas into a courageous Peter. What we have felt and seen With confidence we tell ; And publish to the sons of men The siguB infallible. , — Michigan Advertiser. 