THE TRAGEDY OF CATHERON ROYALS. [By the Author of 'Paulina Lisle,' ' Katherine's Vengeance,' &c.;] PART III. CHAPTER IX. SAYING OOOD-BT. No coldness aboat tlio welcome hero, 110 ttngracious, remembrances of the past, no need ever to doubfc Trixy's warm heart and generous forgiving impulsive nature. All Edith's (shortcomings were long ago forgotten and forgiven — it is in Edith's way to inspire araent love, xrixy loves ner as dearly, as warmly as she had ever done — she tugs, she kisses, she exclaims at sight of her, in a perfect rapture of joy, ' Oh, darling !' she cries, ' how good it is to see you again ! What a surprise, is this ! Charley, where are yon ? Look here! Don't you know Edith ?', ' Most undoubtedly I know Edith,' Charley answers advancing. ' Old age may have impaired my tacuities, but tstiii JL recognise a familiar face when I see it. I told her I thought you would be glad to see her, but I did'nt tell her you intended to eat her alive.' ' You told her ! Where ? when ?' ' In the store — this '.ifternoon. She came in 6 promiscuons' — for black Lyons velvet wasn't it, Lady Catheron ? Yoa didn't get it by the way. Permit me to inform you, in my professional capacity, that we have a very chaste and elegant assortment of the article always in stock. Trixy, where's your manners ? Here's Nellie hovering aloof in the back ground, waiting to be introduced. Allow me to be master of ceremonies. Lady Catheron, Miss Nellie Seton.' Both young ladies bowed — both looked nach other full in the face — genuine admiration in Miss Scton's — rkeen, jealous scrutiny in Lady Catlieron's. She saw a girl of two or three and twenty, under-sized and rather plump, with a face which in point of beauty would not for ono instant compare with her «wn or Trixy's either. But it was such a thoroughly gnodf-0.ee. And the blue beaming eyes, the soft- cut smiling mouth, gentlo and strong, and sweet, were surely made to win all learts at sight. Not a beauty — something infinitely better, and as a rival, something infinitely more dangerous. ' Lady Calieron's name is familiar to me as a household word,' Miss Seton Baid with a frank little laugh, that subdued Edith at once. ' Trixy wakes with your name on her lips, I believe, and goes to sleep murmuring it at night. Lndy Catheron doesn't know how madly jealous I have been of her before low.' Edith turns once more to Trixy — faithful friendly, loyal Trixy — and stretched forth both hands, with a swift, graceful impulse tears standing large and bright in her eyes. 'My own dear Trixy !' is what she says. ' And now I'll run away,' Miss Seton cxclaims, brightly : ' auntie will expect me and I know Trixy has ten thousand things to tell and to hear. No Trixy, not a word. Charley, what are you doing with your hat ? Put it down instantly- — I don't want you. I would very, much rather go home alone.' ' Yes it's so likely I'll let you. There's no earthly reason why you shouldn't stay ; but if, with your usual obstinacy and strong BlUlUUUUBhS JUU lUSIBb Ujjim gumg ? ' I do insist upon going, and without an escort. You know you are rather a nuisance — in the way than otherwise — oh I meant it. I get home twice as fast when I go by myself.' He looks at her ; Edith turns sick — sick as uliesees tho look. He says something in too low a tone for the rest to hear. Miss Seton laughs but her color rises and she objccts no more. Edith sees it all. A gray-kidded hand is extended to her. \- woou-mgnc, jjaay oarneron, miss seton s bright, pleasant voice says ; and Lady Cathe ron takes the hand, feeling in her heart that for once she cannot dislike a rival. This girl who will be Charley's wife — oh, blissful fate ! is worthy of him. They go out together, laughing as they go. 'Isn't she just the dearest darling !' cries Trixy, in her gushing way ; 'and oh, Edith, whatever would have become of us all without lier, I shudder to think. In tho dark days of our life, when friends were few and far between, she was our friend — our saviour. Slio nursed mamma from the very jaws of death, sho got mo my place in tho fancy-store, and I believe — she won't own it — but I do believe she saved Charley's life.' ' Saved his life,' Edith falters. ' It was such an awful time,' Trixy says, in sombvo tones. ''We were starving, Edith — literally starving. All our old frionds had forsaken us ; work wo could not got — to beg wo wero ashamec!. If you had seen Charloy in those days — ga,unt, hollow-eved. liaortrard. wretched. He looks and feels all right now,' goes on Trixy, brightening up a bit ; ' but then — it used to break my heart to look at him. Ho hunted for work from morning until night, and day aftor day he came home foot aoro, weary, despairing. Ho could not leave mother and me, and go elsewhere — she was sick, father was dead, — poor pa ! — and I was just crazy, or near it. And one dark dreadful night he went out, and down to the river, and — Nellie followed, nnd ?found him there. Ah, Edith, ho wasn't so much, to blame ! I Mipp.'ise he was mad that night. Sho came up to him, and put her arms around him, as he stood in the darkness^ and the rain, and — I don't know what she said or did — but sho brought him back to us. And Providence sent him work next day — the ^ situation in tho store ho has now. I dont. know about his merits as a salesman,' said Trixy, laughing, with her eyes full of tears, ' but ho is immensely popular with the ladies. Nellie says it isn't his eloquence — where tho other clerks expatiate fluently on the merits of ribbons, and gloves, and laces, shades, and textures, Charloy stands silent and lets them \ talk, and smiles and looks handsome. I sup- ' poso it answers, for they seem to like him. So now you see we get on splendidly, and I've j almost forgotten that we wero over rich, and ? worc'purple and line linen, and feasted sump tnously every day.' ' You are happy ?' Edith asks, with won der and envy in her eyes. T^rfnnfcltr lin.-nmT ' 'Pimvit TwnlinH. elieenlv. ' I haven't a wish unsatisfied ? Oh, well — now that you've come — I did want you, Dithy. It seems such ages and ages since we met, and I was troubled about you. I heard of 1dm, you know — poor fellow !' ' Sho touches timidly Edith's window's weeds. There is' no answer. Edith's tears arc falling. She is contrasting hor own cowardice with Trixy's courage ; her own hardness with Trixy's generosity. ' How do you .know ?' she asks at length. ' Captain Hammond. You remember Angus Hammond, I suppose ?' Trixy says, blushing and hesitating ; ' ho wrote us about it, and ? ' A pause. ' Go on. What else did he wi'ite ?' ' That there was trouble of some sort — a separation, I think ; that you had parted on your very wedding-day. Of course we couldn't believe that.' ' It is quite true,' was tho low reply. Trixy's eyes opened. ' True ! Oh, Dithy ! On your wedding day ?' ' On our wedding-day,' Edith answered, steadily ; ' to meet no more until we meet at his death-bed. Some day, Trixy, dear, I will tell you how it was — not now. Two years nave passed, but even yet; l don t care to uhiik of it. Only this — he was not to blame ; ho was the bravest, the noblest, the best of men — ten thousand times too good for me. I was a mercenary, ambitious wretch, and I received my just reward. We parted at the last friends, thank God ! but I can never forgive myself — never !' There was a pause, an uncomfortable one for Trixy. _ _ 'How long since you came to New York?' she asked at length. Edith told her — told her how she had been wandering over the world since her husband's death — how she had come to America to see her father — how she had tried to find them here in New York — how signally she had failed — and how to-day-, by purest accident, she had come upon Charley in the Broadway store. . ' How astonished he must have been,' his sister said : ' I think I sec him, lifting his eyebrows to the middle of his forehead. Did he take you for a ghost?' ' By no means, and he was not in the least surprised. He knew T. was here, from tho first.' 'Edith!' ' Ho told me so- He saw my arrival in the paper when I first landed.' ' And he never told me, and he never went to see you ! The wretch !' cried Trixy. ' I don't know that he is to blame,' Edith responded quietly. ' I deserve no better ; and ah ! Trixy, not many ia this world are as generous as you. So you are perfectly happy, darling ? I wonder if Captain Hammond, now, has anything to do with it ?' ' Well yes, Trixy admits blushmgly again ; ' I may as well tell you. We are to be mar ried at Christmas.' ' Trixy ! Married ?' ' Married at last. We were engaged before I left England, three years ago. He wanted to marry me then, foolish, fellow?' says Trixy, with shining eyes ; ' but, of course, wo none of us would listen to so preproste rous a thing. He had only his pay, and his debts, and his expectations from a fairy god mother and grandmother, who wouldn't die. but she died last mail — I mean last mail brought a black bordered letter, saying she had gone to glory, and had loft Angus every thing. He is going to sell . out of tho army, and will be here by Christmas, and — and the wodding is to take place the very week lie arrives. And, oh ! Edith, he's just the dea rest fellow, the best fellow, and I'm the hap piest girl in all New York !' Edith says nothing. She takes Trixy, who, is crying, snddenly in her arm, and kisses her. Angus Hammond has been faith ful in the hour wlion she deserted them — that is her thought. Her solf-roproacli never ceases — never for one hour. ' We go to Scotland, of course,' said Trixy wiping his eyes; 'and ma — also, of course — stays with Charley. Nellie will be here to fill my place — don't you think she will make a charming sister ?' Sho laughs as she asks tho question — it is the one little revenge she takes. Before Edith can reply she runs on : ' Nellie's rich — rich, I mean, as compared with us, and she has mado it all herself. She's awfully clever, and writes for magazines, and papers, and things, and earns oceans of money. Occaiis,' says Trixy, opening her eyes to the size of saucers ; ' and I don't know, really, which ono of us ma likes best, Nellie or mo. That's my one comfort in going. Here comes Charley now — let's have tea at once. I forgot ^,11 about it, but nobody has tho faintest idea of tho pangs of hunger I am enduring.' Charley sauntered in, looking fresh and handsome, from the night air. I It was quite dark now. Trixy lighted tho lamp, and bustled about helping to get supper. 'You told Nellio?' she asked her brother iu a iow tone, out jjjQitti caugnt tne words. ' Yes,' Charley answered gravely, ' I told her.' ' What did she say ?' 'Everything that was like Nollie — every- thing that was bright, and brave, and good. She will be- here in the morning to say good by. Now, Mrs. Stuart, if you havo any com passion on a famished only son, hurry up, and let's have supper,' They sat down around tho little table whoro the light shone brightly — Edith feeling cold and strange and out of place. Trixy and Aunt Chatty might, and did, forgive the past, but she herself could not, and between hor aud Charley lay a gulf, to bo spanned over on earth no more. And yet — how beautiful and statoly sho looked in her littlo white widow's cap, hor sombre dress, and tho frill of eliccr white crape at her throat. 'Edith!' Trixy said, involuntarily, 'how handsome you haro grown ! You were always pretty, but now — I don't mean to flat ter — now you are splendid ! It can't bo that black becomes you, and yet — Charley, ^don t you seo it ! — hasn't Edith grown lovely ?' ' Trixy !' Edith cried, and over her pale checks there rose a flush, and into her dark brilliant eyes there came a light that made her for a moment all Trixy said. Charley looked at her across the table — tho cool, clear grey eyes porfectly undazzled. ' I used to think it impossible for Edith to improve ; I find out my mistako to-day, as I find out many others. As it is not permitted one to say what ono thinks on these subjects, ono had better say nothing at all.' The flush that has risen to Edith's checks remains there, and deepens. After tea, at Trixy's urgent request, she sits down at the little hired piano, and sings some of the old songs. 'Your very voice has improved,' Trixy says admiringly. ' Edith, sing, ' Charley He's my Darling,' for Charloy. It used to be a favourite of his.' Sho gives him a malicious sidelong glance. Charley, lying back on his mother's comfort able, cushioned rocking-chair, takes it calmly. ' It used to be, but it has ceased to bo,' he answers, coolly. ' Trixy, go out, like a good child, and get me the evening paper. Among my other staid, middle-aged habits, Lady Catheron, is that of reading the Post every evening religiously, after tea.' Never Edith any more — always Lady Catheron — never the girl he loved threeyears ago — whom he had said he would love all his life, but the richly dowered widow of Sir Victor Catheron. He will not generously for get, even for an instant, that ho is an impecu nious dry-goods clerk, she a lady of rank and riches. Edith rises to go — it is growing almost more than she can bear. Trixy presses her to stay longer, but in vain ; Jie never utters a word. ' Shall Charley call a carriage, or will you prefer to walk ?' Trixy asks, doubtfully. ' She will walk,' says Charley, suddenly looking up and interfering ; ' the night is fine, and I will see her home.' Eor one instant, at tlio tone of h'is voice, at the look of his eyes, her heart bounds. , .. Her bonnet and mantle are brought — she kisses Trixy and Aunt Chatty good- night — they promise to dine with her to-morrow — and goes forth into the soft October night, with Charloy. Charley draws her hand within his arm — the night is starlit, lovely. The old time comes back, the old feeling of rest and content, the old comfortable feeling that it is Charley's arm upon which she leans, and that she asks no more of fate. To-morrow he may be Nellie Seton's — just now he belongs toiler. ' Oh !' she exclaims, with a long-drawn breath, ' how familiar it all is ! these gas lit New York streets, the home-like look of the men and women, and — you. It seems as though I had left Sandypoint only yesterday, and you were showing me again the wonders of New York for the first time.' He looks down at the dusk, warm, lovely face, so near his own. ' Sandy point,' he repeats ; ' Edith, do Trnn rf-n.n!l wTin/fc T snirl fn trnn f.Tin- nn P *PTo^rr- you ever wished onco, in those three years that are gone, that I had never come .'- to Sandypoirit to take you away?' ' I ' have never wished it,', she answers truly ; ' never once. I have never blamed you, never blamed anyone but myself — how could I ? The evil of my life I wrought with my own hand, and — if it were all to come over again — I would still go ! I have suffered, but, at least — I have lived.' ' I am glad to hear that,' he says, after a little pause : ' it has troubled me again and again. You see Hammond wrote us all he ever knew about you, and though it was rather incomprehensible in part, it was clear tt/mit* lifo Ttrno ri-n 4-th a nf roses. A'l that, I hope, is over and done with — there can be no reason why all the rest of your life should not be entirely happy. This is partly why I wished to walk with you to night, that I might know from your own lips whether you held me blameless or not. And partly, also' — a second brief pause — ' to bid you good-by.' 'Good-by?' In the starlight she turns deadly white. ' Yes,' he responded cheerily, ' good-by ; and as our lives lie so widely apart, in all probability, this time forever. I shall certainly return here at Christmas, but you may have gone before that. To-morrow morning I start for St. Louis, where a branch of our house is established, and where I am permanently to remain. It is an excellent oneniner for me — my salary has been largely advanced, and I am happy to say the firm thinks me compe tent and trustworthy, I return, as I said, at Christmas ; after that it becomes my per manent home. You know of course he says with a laugh, ' why I return — Trixy has told you?' . So completely has sho forgotten Trixy, so wholly have her thoughts been of him, that she does not absolutely remember to what he alludes. ' Trixy has told mo nothing,' she manages to answer, and sho wonders at herself how steady is her own voice. 'No?' Charloy says, elevating his eye brows; 'and'tliey say the ago of wonders is ovor! Trixy in tlio now role of keeping her own secrots! Well, I very naturally return for the wedding — our wedding. It's extraor dinary that Trixy hasn't told you, but she will. Then — my Western home will be ready by that time, and wo go back immediately. My mother goes with me, I need hardly say.' Still so absolutely wrapped up in her thoughts of him, so utterly forgetful of Trixy, that she does not understand. Our wed din' — ho means his own and Nellie Seion's, of courso. His Western homo, tho homo where sho will reign as his wife. In tho days that have^ gono, Edith thinks sho has suffered — slie feols to-night that she has never suffered until now! She deserves it: but if 1m i,o,i only spared her, only left it for someone else to tell. It is a minuto before she can reply ? then, despite every effort, her voico is husky : 'I wish you joy, Charley— with all my heart.' She cannot say ono word more. Some'thinr* in tho words, in hor manner of sayinn- them makes him look at hor iu surpriso. ° , ' ' Well, yes,' he answers coolly ; ' a wedding in a family is, I beliovo, a general subject of congratulation. And I must say she has shown herself a trump— tho bravest, best girl alivo. And you' — they aro drawing near a hotel— 'may I vonturo to ask your plans, Lady Catheron ? how long do you think of remain ing in New York?' i 'I shall leave at once— at oneo,' slic re plied, in the same husky tone. To stay and meet Nellie Seton after to-night is more than sho is able to do. They are close to the hotel now. Involuntarily — unconsci- ously, she clings to his arm, as the drowning may cling to a straw. She feels in a dull, agonised sort of way, that in five minutes the waters will have closcd over her head, and the story of her life havo como to an end. 'Hero wo are,' his frank, cherry voicc says — his voice, that has yet a deeper, moro earnest tone than of old, 'You don't know Edith, how glad I am of this meeting — how glad to hear you never in any way blamed me.' 'I blame you? Oh, Charley!' she says, with a passionate little cry. ' I rejoice to hear that, with all its draw backs, you don't regret the past. I rejoico in tho knowledge that yon are rich and happy, and that a long, bright life lies before you. Edith,' he takes both her hands in his strong cordial clasp, ' if wo never met again, God bless you, and good-by.' She lifts her eyes to his, full of dumb, speech ess agony. In that instant ho knows the truth — knows that Edith loves him — that tho heart ho would onco lay down his life al most to win, in his wholly at last ! The revelation comes upon him like a flash — like a blow. He stands holding hor hands looking at her, at the mute, infinite misery in hor eyes. Some one jostles them in passing, and turns and stares. It dawns upon him that they are in the public street, and making a scene. ' Good-by,' he says, hastily, once more, and drops the hands, and turns, and goes. She stands like a statue where he has left her — he turns the corner, tho last sound of his footstep's dies away, and Edith feels that ho has gone out of her life — out of the whole world. CHAPTER X. THE SECOND BKIDAL. Miss Nellie Seton caime early next morning to seo her friend, Mr. Charley Stuart, off. He is looking rather pale and he bids them good by — the vision of Edith's eyes upturned to his, full of muto, impassionate appeal, have haunted him all night. They haunt him now long after the last good-by has been said, and the train is sweeping away Westward. Edith loves him at last. At last ? There has never been a time when lie doubted it, but to say the word, and she will lay her hand in his, and toil, and parting, and separation will end b ;tween them forever. But he will never say that word— what Edith Darrell in her ambition once refused, all Lady Catheron's wealth and beauty cannot win. He feels ho could as easily leap from the car window and end it all, as ask Sir Victor Catheron's richly dowered widow to be his wife. She made her choice three years ago — she must abide by that choice her life-long. 'And then,' he thinks, rather doggedly, ' this fancy of mine may be only fancy. The leopard cannot change his spots, and an ambitious, mercenary woman cannot, change her nature. And, as a rule, ladies of wealth and title don't throw themselves away on impecunious dry-goods clerks. No ! I made an eggregious ass of myself once, and once iB quite enough. We have turned over a new leaf, and are not going back at this late day to the old ones. With her youth, her for t»uuo) Utn2'~~lier beaniy, T3ditli can return, to England and make a brilliant second mar riage.' And then Mj.\ Stuart sets his lips behind his brown moustache, and unfolds the morning paper, smelliDg damp and nasty of printer's ink, and immerses himself, fathoms deep, in mercantile news and the doings of the Stock Exchange. He reaches St. Louis in safety, and resumes tho labour of his life. He has no time to think — no time to be sentimental, if he wished to be, which he doesn't. 'Love is of man's life athinr* smart.' ri'tio-h a poet, who knew what he was talking about. Charley's heart is not in the least broken, nor likely to be ; there is no time in his busy mer cantile life for that sort of thing, I repeat' If he thinks of Edith at all, amid liis dryas dust ledgers and blotters, his buying and selling, it is that she is. probably on the ocean by this time — having bidden her native land, like Childe Harold, ' One long, one last good night.' And then, in the midst of it all, Trixy's first letter arrives. It is all Edith from beginning to end. Edith has not gone, she is still in New York, but her passage is taken, and she will leave next week. ' And, Charley,' says Trixy, ' don't be angry now, but do you know, though Edith Darrell always liked you, I fancy Lady Cathe ron likes you even better. Not that she ever says anything ; bless you ! she is as proud as ever ; but we women can toll. And last night she told ma and me the story of her past, of her married life — or rather her ww-married life — of her separation from Sir Victor on their wedding-day — think of it Charley ! on their wedding-day ! If over any ono in this world was to be pitied, it was he — poor fellow ! And she was not to blame — neither could have acted other than they did, that I can see. Poor Edith ! poor Sir Victor ! I will' tell you all when we moot. Sho leaves next Tuesday, and it half breaks my heart to see her go. Oh, Charloy ! Charley ! why need she ao at all?' He reads this letter as ho smokes his cigar — very gravely, very thoughtfully, wondering a groat deal, but not in the least moved from his steadfast purpose. Parted on their, wedding-day ! He has heard that before, but. hardly credited it. It is true, then — odd that ; and neither to be blamed — odder still, She lias only been Sir Victor's wife in name, then, after all. But it makes no difference to him — nothing does ; all that is past and done sho flung him off once — he will never go back now. Their paths lie apart — hers over the hills of life, his in the dingy valleys — thoy havo said good-by, and it moans forever. Ho goes back to his ledgers and his count ing-i'oom, and four days more pass. On tho evening of tho fourth day, as ho leaves tho store for tho night, a small boy from tlio telegraph office waylays him, and hands him one of tho woll-known ball envelopes. Ho breaks it open whore he stands, and reads this : New Yorlr, Oct. 2B. Charloy Edith ia lying dangorously ill— dying. Come back at onoe. Beatrix. Ho reads, and tho truth does not como to him— ho reads it again. Edith is dying. And then a grayish pallor comes over his face, from brow to chin, and ho stands for a moment, staring vacantly at tho paper ho holds seeing nothing — hearing nothing but these words: ' Edith is dying.' In that moment ho knows that all his imaginary hardness and indiffonce have beon liollo°w and false — a wall of pride that crumbles at a touch, and the old love, stronger than life, stronger than death, fills his heart still. He has left her, and — Edith is dying ! He looks at his watch. Tlier* is an east ward-bound train in half an hour — there will be barely time to catch it. He does not return to his boarding-house — he calls a passing hack, and is driven to the dop6t just in time. He makes no pause from that hour — ho travels night and day. What is business ; what the prospects of all his future life ; what is the whole world now ? Edith is dying. Ho readies New York at last. It seems like a contury sinco that telegram came, and, haggard and worn, in the twilight of the autumn day, lie stands at last in his mother's homo. Trixy is there — they expect him to-night, and sho has waited to receive liim. She looks in his faco onco, tlion turns away and covers her own, and bursts into a woman's tempest of tears. ' I — I am too lato,' ho says in a hoarse sort of whisper. ' No,' Trixy answers, looking up ; ' not too late. She is still alive — I can say no moro.' ' What is it?' ho asks. ' It is almost impossible to say. Typhoid fever, ono doctor says, and cerebrospinal (-Tin r, Tt. ilnnc n'f m,mb matter what it is,' sinco both agree in this — that sho is dying.' Her sobs break forth again. Ho sits and gazes at her like a stone. ' There is no hope ?' ' While there is life thoro is hope.' But it is in a very dreary voice that Trixy repeats this aphorism. ' And tho worst of it is, sho doesn't seem to care. Charley, I believe she wants to die — is glad to die. Sho seems to have nothing to caro for — nothing to live for. 'My life has been all a mistake,' sho said to mo the other day. ' I have gone wrong from first to last — led astray by my vanity, and selfishness, and ambition. It is much better that I should die, and make an end of it all.' Sho has made her will, Charloy — sho mado it tho first days of her illness, and — she has left almost everything to you.' He makes no reply. He sits motionless in the twilit window, looking down at the noisy, bustling street. ' Sho lias remembered me most gener ously,' Trixy goes softly on ; 'poor, darling Edith ! but she has left almost all to yon. ' It would liive been an insult to offer anything in my life-time,' sho said to me ; ' but tho wishes of the dead are sacred— he will not bo able, to refuse it then. And tell him not to grieve for me, Trixy — I never made him any thing but trouble, and disappointment, and wretchedness. I am sorry — sorry now, and my last wish and prayer ?will be for tho hap piness of his life. ' When she is delirious, aud she mostly is as night draws on, Bhe calls for you incessantly — asking you to come back — begging you to forgive her. That is why I sent.' ' Does sho know you sent ?' he asks. 'No — it was her desire that you should not bo told until — until all was over,' Trixy ans wered, with another burst of tears ; ' but I couldn't do that. She says we are to bury lior at Sandypoint, beside her mother — not send her body to England. She told me, when she was dead, to tell you the story of her separa tion from Sir Victor. Shall I tell it to you now, Charley?' (To be continued.) 