Not In The Programme. Playgoers have often been amused by in terpolations by members of the audience, called forth by exciting momenta in a drama, or by something which appealed uninten tionally to their sense of hnmonr, A well known and deservedly popular actor was re presenting one night a man in the very depths of despair. He was applying for work at the docks as a last hope, and, al though he had “ made up ” thin and pinohed-looking and his clothes were shabby, he had forgotten to take off a handsome' diamond ring. So, when he came to the moment at which he asks in hoarse aooents : ‘' And if I fail, what shall I do?” a voioe from the gallery suggested cheerily, “ Pawn yonr ring, Chawlie 1 ’ When Lady Carlyon, in “ East Lynne,” was once dying to Blow music in a provincial threatre, there was a disturbance in the gallery. The actress bore it as long as she could, then, jumping nimbly off the bed, she strode down to the footlights, and annonnoed that if the noise did not atop she would have the disturbsra ejeoted. Then she resumed her horizontal position on the bed, and peaoef ally gave np the ghost. A popular bnt oar»lesa aotress was onoe playing the part of Queen Anne, and in it she was made to exclaim, *' Oh, when shall I have rest ?” To whioh a ruth less grocer la the pit replied, in tones loud enough to be heard all over the house, “ Not till yon pay me my one pound one add ten penoe, ma’am! ’ A well-known actor onoe enjoyed a very similar experience. He was playing in “ Pizarro,” and, taking a bag of property money from his pocket, he offered it to a sentinel, with the words, “ Here is gold; it will be wealth for thee and thine be yond the seas.” Whereupon his landlady, to whom he owed a month's money, called ont, “tit would be all the daoenter if yon gaveit to me for your board and lodgin’.” In a popular London theatre some years ago, it fell to the lot of a charming yonng actress to be ohased round the stage by a character made np as a sort of man-monkey, whose attentions she had more or less politely declined. At last her unwelcome suitor seems to have her at an advantage, and she calls ont frantioally, “Great heaveni What ■hall I do ?” To whioh a voioe from above promptly repUee, “ Pitch him aQnt, mi»y} ’ 