CORRESPONDENCE. THE ANTI ASIATIC QUESTION. To THE EDITOR. SIR-In the writing of letters there is no end till you put your foot down. Mr. Musa Khan has, I observe, broken out in a fresh place in your issue of April 29th. He gives a long quotation from a speech of the Rev. Canon lawlor, which, after all, is quite irrelevant. Adrn thing that Islam does s much good in the dark places of the earth, is that any i e s n why it sir and he introduced her - In my opinion Islam is a higher and better faith than Fetishism, butler than C .rUti a ity. It has, ' h<ir*-for<.<, a tendency to raise the fetish worshipper, and to degrade the Christian. The Salvation Army recalls the drunkard and the prostitute, and so far done much good, but its presence would not be the more situated in the Archiepiscopal Palace at Lamb in, the Cathedral of St. Peter in Rome, or the Mosque of Santa Sophia is in Conste antiope. The iniroda<-ti<n of Mohan redesign it to Christian countries would not reduce the polyandry and prostitution which now exists, as the per- w used be no better are to keep half-a-dozen wives then than they are to keep one i of. Polyandry and prostitution are the direct outcome of unfair B cal conditions, and until these are altered the heriot and the adulterous man and woman WA shall have ever with us. One would think that there was H3 prostitution in M. B-ern c Utd s No- body who has ever seen I turkey, Palestine, to Egypt will endorse this a state ment for a moment. The next person on the list is someone unknown, signing himself "Six" He first c impart is that these who are at the head of the men ment h s been less than five years in the colony, with the sole exception of the " genial " Mr. B C. Wood, M L A. The equal gaia' Mr. W. James, M L.A, and Mr. Connor, M L.A, are coming we itly forgotten. Besides that,, it must her membered that those who have seen the evil effects of Asia in immigration in the Eastern c 1 n as are best qualified to judge of what is likely to happen here. And I have never heard that it five years atina on in a small community such a. Western Australia possessed before the gold rushes is int lies really beneficial to my man. I have been in the colony now for two years, but it would not off at the age by of my arguments had only been here only two consecutive seconds. As regards the 's for g- aged " writer of this letr, he is an Bug'i himm by birth and an Austral sun by long and action, and if. they" looks up the parish r Sister of St. Dominic, in the C anty and Duchy of Cornwall, he will find the name of your humble servant then in. ribed. Bat Bap pose I were an Eskimo or a Dutch man, what difference would it make to the Asiatic question ? Would it make the Asiatic less objectionable (r 'i n my hardened into it-s? 1 admir with pain and sorrow as I had to do at Fremantle, '-had the prevailing custom with Englishmen is to go hill headed but I am so going to have my c annum to pay as " Sir " or my count yemen. It the g rifleman thinks no is going to pass by Dd'ilah to my Sams m he is greatly mistaken. 11 just that when I am attacked by Afghan Philistines that I will be found with my hair out and my strength unimpaired. Next, my friend vi autB to know something about my antecedent--, and whether I ever unsettled a o immunity before Now, as regards he first, it is a peculiar thing that people who are so anxious to hush up the antee dents of ot era i ally always shelter themselves behind the coward's castle of anonymity. Who is to investigate toe antecedents or '* Si ex ?" One thing is certain, that I never was so ashamed of my character as to seek to conceal my identity. I have always borne the same name and travelled under the fat mo flag, and my history can be traced through columns of ut deserved he paper chase from my open events, and an equally un- deserved volume of praise from my friends and adherents. Again, where is there evans of all this? If my character we e as black as that of Beelzebub, if my statement were capable of proof, it could not invalidate their. AB for disturbing commue it:es I have aMurbedat last one before nsw, end would do the same again were it necessary. On one occasion I conduct a the miners of North Queensland to the only industrial victory they have been able to record for the last ten years, a id on the late er, I was the means of abolishing the infamous liquidation pro O'dure in that colony which had been the means of mining dozens of small capitalists. I have done some service to both capital and labour in my time, and that too, without talking to or being unfaithful to either. There are things I should never mention, did not the inuendos of "Silex" force the utterance from main self-defence. After relating a number of arguments which have been already exploded in my previous writings and speeches, your correspondent finishes by announcing his intention to give his financial aid to the erection of a Mosque in Perth. Is this the action of an European Christian ? Or does " Silex " intend to pay back a percentage of his literary fees to the donors thereof ? Mr. E. Maurice Gordon's argument is only a rehash which has been already answered about 15 times. Mr. Hunper commences by accusing us of lunacy, and then describes how he saw the ghosts of Carlyle and Darwin rise out of the cushions of a car on the Great Southern Railway. The ghost of a ham sandwich or a bad cigar would have been more in harmony with the surroundings. After this vision, Mr. Hunter says that he "cupped luxuriantly " at Katanning. Yet, this gentleman has the effrontery to talk about lunacy ! Mr. Hunter quotes evolutionary doctrines, refering principally to the theory of degeneracy by isolation and its correlative of the survival of the fittest, that is to say than unless every kind of noxious weed is permitted to nourish area of the roots of an apple tree, the letter will degenerate and bear bad f or t. And as regards the latter that the proper way to secure survival of the fittest, ist") plant nettles among roses and let them fight it out between them. I have been an attentive student of both Carlyle and Darwin, has"; never found them preach such rubbish as that As with the stock of William Shakespeare as presented at & Bpir realistic leance, we are forced to the conclusion that death has a Esosfc disastrous effect on the intellect if either of the sages named ever spoke as much twaddle as Mr. Hunter put into their mouths. To conclude this lengthy discussion, I hereby offer a challenge to the entire Asiatic population of Perth, together with three European supporters, to debate the whole question with me in a public meeting, terms to be arranged by a joint committee. Les them accept this offer, or for ever hold their peace. Yours, etc , F. C. B. VOSPER. Cafe DE Paris, April 29. 