COLLEGE JACK. (CorvRinirr.) A REMARKABLE, YET TRUE STORY OF THE \- - Penal -Records of Van Dieman's Land. By CAPTAIN LAC IE CHAPTER XII. ? ' How you must have suffered, Tar leton !'' said Dr. Ransome, in a sym pathetic tone. 'Suffered! Yes. Yet my agony on the ocean, perishing with thirst with , water all around— dying in a solitude I which was awful, I tell you — amidst all. that, my sufferings were not as great j' as during my bondage on the island. \- If I had my choice to-day I would lake ?f the: former, : I don't wonder now why -convicts commit suicide or some moital .crime-m order to get hanged. If I have to give myself up to the authori ties and escape the scaffold, I will surely do one or the other — kill myself or someone else,' said the convict in a lugubrious tone, calculated to inspire sympathy. The fact was John Tarleton saw a chance of permanently regaining his \- liberty. His friend, Dr. Ransome, ; strange to say, had a high opinion of ? him, and, notwithstanding the damning evidence which was adduced at his Oi-friend's murder trial, Ransome would not believe m his guilt. To the last he fought for him, and he was or.e of the : influential friends who assisted to save him from the gallows. By trading ohihis genuine friendship and a liberal percentage of lies, the ? more than double-dyed murderer hoped to be able to leave not only Van Die man's Land but the British Empire it self, and live in safety in some far off . 4and. He was throwing his last card, and if he lost it his life was to be the forfeit. ' Vou . want me to help you, of ? course,' -began .the doctor, ^musingly, : 'and ' you - well know ? I will if it . is . .possjble. .There is no doubt-it will be ? -a matter of the utmost^d-.fTiciihy. . If it \- -were- not for: the ?.confounded 1 gapiifg ? passenpersJ could easily see my way. .They i will talk about vour rescue when ? Hobart. Town is reached as it it were : the xnly incident . which occurred on the voyage, and everyone; will be striv ing to see' you. Out of. courtesy the V-iofficials could not be denied, though ? -the . public could— aud ? yet it is the ^ former whom you ?TuoSt fear.. - With- a ; --discreet -crew ahere.:.would not be so ? muchv tjoublej especially if tlie captain iworjtud with usi- as he will,- 1 am sure, m thi-- cjso ' ' Do you 'think he will ?' interrupted the ouitawTtttlie^Iy' - \- '-l am sureiof.-itr - Wethcrall and I \- are-'Old : friends— and^besides, there, is a chapterinthe.liistoryofhisfqinilyre garding transportation whicff^vijlicause -.him to look with aifriendl/ £ye on.-vou: ?? when I- explain, the ^q§Uion«;;But even, with his-aid'howxan the: j -b be done., \- Can you not think of . any ' way out' of the. -trouble K; concluded Doctor Ran? some. , : - ' I may. in an hour or .,- two.- ;- So far my brain has bs.-en m a whirl, and I ? could not- put'Hwo thoughts together. ; ; Would it not be as- well to.speak to. the captain first and. tell lum the 'truth ? ' Of course I did- not tell him what were . really the facts , when he spoke. I didn't know then you were on the ves sel.-. : Will you tell him all, and perhaps \- he will. have a-, plan, if he is willing to -aid 'ine in this awful- plight ?' the fugi .- ?v live answered; ? ? .( After a lew minutes' reflection the doctCragreed.it would be best to take ?.the skipper into his confidence, and he ;undertook to tell him the whole story and give the convict's history as well. . -For that purpase he sought out Wethcr : all and soon-plunged into the subject. The captain was surprised, though not ?????; astonislied, lor lie had a lurking sus picion of the trutli. I here was a chapter, too, in his own family history, \- as the . doctor had said, winch made : - him -tolerant of escaped convicts. A -. favorite brother had gone wrong — at least he was transported, and men were \- sometimes sent to penal servitude who had done no wrong — and in an attempt to escape he had been killed. It was \- whispered at the time that Captain Wetherair was not altogether uncoil cerned in the affair. When the medical -officer had concluded his narrative the . skipper said : ' '.You can rely on me, Ransome. If it is possible to aid your friend I will do so }-but how it can be done docs not ? seem clear just at present I'll be down in the cabin in an hour.' :? At the.appointed time the three men ? met as agreed on, and they at once be gan discussing the pros and cons of the knotty question. For a time none of \- them -could decide on anything which ? would avail the fugitive. ?'There is no place at which I could \- drop you for a couple of weeks and ^ick you up on the return. Tasman's ' Peninsula is the only point I go near, and that would be the last place on earth to put you — even if I were able to ; -).do so. I can depend on a portion of ?v. the crew at least, but the passengers and two or three of the hands I would , not trust. I have been pestered with ? enquiries . all day from the passengers \- ; about you. They are all anxious to sec ' you, but- I said you were not well i enough to come on deck.' i 'When they speak to you again, j captain,' interrupted the doctor, 'say ' our patient is delirious. I will tell them the same, and they will not be so ! importunate to see him. That will be i jyour best plan.' 'Yes. I will say that — and bythe bye I have an idea which may work. ' The thought of delirium has put it into my head. Our friend will have to be loBt again,' spoke Wetherall. -li-; ? ? ? . t . : ? 1 . ' ? . ' Lost !' interjccled Ransome, ex citedly. ' Yes, don't you see ! ? In his delirium he must jump overboard during the night There will be a deuce of a com motion, and I'll make a pretext of sav ing him if the sea is not too rough. He must then remain a close prisoner in the cabin, and we will take him back with us to Melbourne, or if not there to Sydney where we can easily smuggle him on shore. In fact it must be done to-night as we will be at Hobart Town within twenty-four hours if all goes j weli,'' explained the captain. | ' How will it be worked, Wetherall ? Must there not be someone to give the alarm, and how can it be done? I don't quite see my way in the matter,' queried the doctor. 'Easily enough. We will both be on deck, and at the proper moment I will throw a plank or some other suitable object over and take care that one of the men hears the splash. I will run aft and ask if there was not a splash, and of course he will say yes. Then you — ah, by-the-bye, you must be down in the cabin at the time, and just after the alarm, or when the man and mysetf. are looking over the side, you rush up and say your patient is not in the cabin. ' Man overboard I' of course will be the cry. I will lower a boat if the sea is smooth enough, and the whole thing will be done. I suppose you have told all enquirers, as I have, that the poor fellow we rescued came from the Port Phillip district,' remarked Captain Wetherall. 'Yes. I must have given -that ^in formation -to a dozen or more, and everyone on board knows it by -this time.- It will throw off suspicion lo a considerable extent no doubt, and the delirium story should complete it You have hit upon a most feasible plan, captain, and I suppose we will have no difficulty in keeping Tarleton here with out the fact being discovered ?' queried the doctor. '« why should we ? Only yourself and I will have access to the cabin, and every time we leave it we must lock the door and take the key with us. The matter of food can easily be arranged between us. I am master here, and can do as I please. Besides, the con finement will not be irksome to a man wlio wants a', long rest like our Iriend. It will do him good. At Hobart Town we may be able to give him an occa sional outing during an evening, so that in four or five days from now he can count on having a walk by moonlight. Come on deck and I will arrange the signal with you, and let us spread the delirium ' business,'-' added the captain in a gleeful way, fyr he felt quite inter ested in the work- he was about to undertake. Indeed he considered it was a most meritorious act which, if not rewarded in this world, would be in the next He had heatd and seen so much in connection with the horrors of convictism that nothing would deter him trom stretching out a helping hand to a bondsman if it came m his way to do it. Being a law-abiding man himself' he would not make any direct attack on the 'system,' but, as in the present case, - without seeking for the' job,* he was able lo do a service for a bondsman, ?then he was just the person to depend ?upon.: ? When- the two men had left thecabin John - Tarleton paced the floor, and ilit-rc v :is a look of malignant triumph on his- face. ??:??;? — vVtiat a blessing it was I didn't bring that mad girl along I It wouldn't have been possible to conceal both of us, and it would' be more than strange if we both jumped over the side of the vessel. Ha I ha ! the old skipper is a cute fellow and no mistake, though I should thank him for the interest he is displaying in me. And Tom Ransome, too, turned up trumps just as I expected. He. was always a bit of a fool; but he serves my purpose. I will try and in duce the captain to land me at Mel bourne. I don't like the idea of Sydney. I know too much about convicts and their careers there. He'll be able to tret enough cargo for Port Phillip — and besides it will shorten my imprisonment by a week or two. That is a considera tion. I wonder what they will say if they make enquiries and find out what Jack I'arleton has really done ? Well,' and the fellow-sat down and mused, ' they will not be able to do anything. Once I am dead it will not do to resur rect me. I have them any way they turn, and after to-night they must stick to me through thick and'thin. I'll not be ungrateful at all events. What luck I had, to be sure, to fall in with this vessel ! Never dreamt Tom Ransome was at this side of the earth at all He must have come out immediately after I did. There was a little difference though in our mode of Coming. It's all in a lifetime, I suppose.' In this way the convict muttered to himself throughout the day, his self communings being only broken by the entrance of the captain or the doctor. The latter came frequently, for, it was understood his patient was in a fever and delirious, so he required -close at tention. When night fell the ship was just rounding Tasman's Peninsula and under a favorable breeze. The captain stood close in to the small island at the south of Cape Pillar. Had it been daylight he would have ventured be tween the two, but with a sailing vessel and in the gloom of night the passage was too risky, especially as there was no great reason for hurrying. The guant outlines of Cape Pillar could be seen to the north-west as the sun went down, and the rugged island lay just abeam. By eleven o'clock the skipper thought they would be well under the shelter of the headland, and about that time*he would make the at tempt to figuratively kill his guest As the night advanced a slight mist settled over the sea, and this soon drove the passengers below. The weather was becoming thick and soon an intense darkness settled upon the ocean. 'It is all the better,' he told the doctor, in confidence, ' as it will pre vent all the trouble and danger of launching a boat to attempt rescue. I would not order one to be lowered on ft night like this, and if I did the men would refuse to man it, and lightly, too.' If the night had been Hear and blight it would have been his uuty to lower a boat in the event of a man fall ing or jumping overboard, but in bad weather he would not do so. Besides, in the case of the stranger whom he had just rescued, he would not be justi fied in jeopardising the lives of his crew in the endeavor to save a madman. So he argued, and it made his position more easy. Dr. Ransome was in the cabin talk ing to his patient shortly after eleven o'clock, when he heard two distinct knocks over head and he knew their import. Going out he locked the cabin door, and, running up the ladder, was at Captain Wetherall's side in less than a minute. 'My unfortunate patient is not in the cabin, captain. I left him for a few minutes just now and when I returned he was gone. Will you cause a search to be made, as in his state of mind he may harm himself I' he cried. ' Missing !' exclaimed the captain. -.'.'-Thcrx-uTe .are not mistaken, Bill. That splash we heard meant a man over board. Give the alarm 1 Ho ! all hands here !' and Wetherall gave a stentorian, shout which brought the second officer and half-a-dozen seamen, in addition to a couple of hardy pas sengers, who were braving the weather, to his side. ' There is a man overboard, lads, but I don't like to order you to man a boat. Will any volunteer for the duty?' ' Who is it?' came the query. _ ' The poor fellow we picked up yes terday. In his delirium he escaped from .the cabin and jumped overbo rd. Bill and I heard a splash, but we could not make out what it meant until tlie doctor came up and told us the man was missing,' glibly answered the cap tain. ' Well, sir, I'd volunteer in a moment if I thought it was any use, but on a night like this there wouldn't be the ghost of a chance of saving the m.in and very likely we might get lost, too,' returned one. of the sailors. H:s opinion was echoed by the others, and the second mate also urged the futi lity of attempting a rescue. ' Wc are making good way, sir, and he must be a long way astern by this time,' he re marked. 'Well, understand I didn't think o( ordering you to lower a boat, for on such a night as this I wouldn't do so. If any pleased to volunteer and try a rescue I would not have stood in the way, though it is most improbable you would have succeeded. Perhaps it is as well the poor fellow is gone as the doctor says he might never regain his right senses again,' returned the skipper in a solemn lone. He would have been mad to the latest day of his life, and, unless he was watched night and day unremit tingly, his life would have been a short one as he had most pronounced suicidal tendencies. I didn't leave him for five minutes this evening but once, and that was when he escaped. A life of that sort would not be a pleasant existence, and could only be spent in a lunatic asylum. As the captain says, it may be a merciful release after all,' added the doctor. It was wonderful how two otherwise estimable and respectable gentlemen like Rapsome and Wetherall could manufacture lies in their desire to aid a ruffian like Tarleton. True they did not know the full extent of his iniquities, and that must be their excuse for the sins of commission of which they were guilty. After all they sinned with a good intention, and Hades was richer by several slabs in its paving. When morning dawned the barque, 'Juno,' was heading towards the north west and entering Storm Bay on the run to the Derwent. Small groups of passengers and sailors discussed the tragedy of the previous night, and there were not a few who avowed they saw suicide stamped on the lost man's face when he was drawn up out of the crazy boat in which he was found. ' The sea! of death was upon him,' remarked one superstitious . woman, devoutly crossing herself, 'and when you -see that it is only a matter of a few days when the spirit goes.' . She did not take' the trouble to ex plain what the ' seal of death ' was, or how it could be recognised,' but that was only a trifling omission not worth bothering about. Nearly everyone on board were immensely wise after the event, and it appeared they had all fore doomed the rescued man to an early and violent death. The caftain and the doctor went amongst the passengers and gossiped with them regarding the sad event, and soon John Tarleton in the eyes and minds of those on the ship was as dead as Julius Crcsar. Quite a squabble, indeed, took place between a couple of passengers as to whether or not he was devoured by a shark within a certain time of the jump ing overboard, and the captain was called on to decide the matter, which he did to the satisfaction of the man who contended he must have been eaten by a shark. The skipper was of the same opinion, for he explained that the suicide, being almost naked when he went over the side, would quickly at tract a man-eater. ' A white body al ways does, ahd there are plenty of big sharks around Tasman's Peninsula,' he concluded. v Thus satisfactorily was John Tarleton disposed of. He was not only dead but eaten, and until the great day when the last trump shall sound he would be as nothing. Meanwhile the subject of all this ghastly gossip enjoyed himself in the captain's cabin. He really felt life was worth living, for being dead in the abstract lent an added charm to being alive in the concrete. All his debts for instance, both monetary and otherwise, must be wiped out now that he had dis appeared in the waters of the Southern Ocean, and to a man with such a load of sin and crime on his shoulders it was pleasing to think he could not be called on to pay the debt C J 12 (To be Continued. ) j 