PAYMENT OF MEMBERS. & S£S&£S TO DEHOQa&OY.; Warning to the Labor Party IIditob tkutu : The latest move of the National Asa, alias ' Cltieeus' Committee,' may, attar all, be something more than a mere attack on Payment of Members. Good reasons can be given for the belief that it is also Intended as an Indirect blow aimed at the Labor Fart; and a Lnad Tax. If U succeeds, it will tie ' Wriggler ' Reid up in a very tight constitutional knot, whioh -he will not loose except by fighting the Upper House over the ' twin-principles of Pay ment, of Members and Labor in Poliuos. Thus the Ass. would accomplish its objeot, which is to avoid a conflict npon an issue that is popular by forcing on a fight mat is unpopular. Payment of Members and Labor in Politics are not just now so popular as they were: whereas a legitimate form of Land Tex daily becomes more popular astbo clamor for Single Tan declines. The incor rigible Ass. is sot such an absolute donkey at not to recognise this ; and ' Tom is really doing splendid' in advising his political f ilends aud business olienta to arrange for the inevitable tussle on the first in prefer ence to the second Ibsuc The plan of campaign is simple and plain. It if to have the action of Par liament submitted to the revision of tho Courts, nominally lor the purpose of testing the legality of legislation vrhidh has now bees on the Statute- book, for five years, after being demanded by the people during thirty. But the real purpose ie to destroy tbe ' Parliamentary Represen tatives Allowance Act ' on a legal quibble, based on a verbal flew. Buob fiction, and the motives which prompt it, are neither prudent nor patriotic ; but patriotism does not eonnt iu the calculations of tnoso who are. now undertaking, aa private individuals, what they had not the moral or politics! courage to avow or attempt in their public capacity as paid polilioiane. It Is hard to conceive how cucb a flagrant attempt to flout Parliament and circumvent the will of the people can succeed, It the judges inter pret the statute in accordance with the spirit as well as the letter, and especially it the manifest and avowed intention of those, who enacted It be taken into account. There are those who have tlie confidence to assert that the Supreme Court will be only too ready to ' knock out ' Payment of Mcinuenr if there is but ' a ghost of a chance.' The assumption 1c that, by the splendid ingenuity of tbe hired legal advisers of the Ass., tbe uhance v/ill be offered, and that the Judges will declare Payment of Mem bers illegal, in which case Ml. Reid will bo precisely in that tight place where it was Intended to fix him. Tbe logical results of this Buecess, if a'-lowad to Kavc effect, would be to land Parliament and tbc affairs of tbe country in a delightful etate of dead look and confusion. Observe the practical effect of some of these logical results. By clause 18 of tbe Constitution Act, 18 and 19 Victoria, a 54, 'any person holding any office of profit under tho Crown shall be incapable ot sitting or voting as a member of the Legislative Assembly,' exception, however being made in the case of MJaiatere and one or two others. Now, a member of the Assembly, not being a Minister, Speaker, or Ohairnisa of Committees, who accepts payment from the State for his services, does, in law and in fact, occupy an office of profit under tbe Crown, and, consequently, If the Act under which he does bo la invalid, he Is disqualified from sitting and vating, and si) his legislative acts are unconstitutional and of no effect Hence it follows that If the Parliamentary BeprCBentatives Allowance Act of 1SS5 only applied to the Parliament which passed it, the legislation of the pre tent and two preceding Parliament* baa all been null and void — being unconstitutional, because enacted by personsdUqualificd from sitting and voting. Since the Act of 18S9 there nare only been two private members of Parliament not so disqualified— vit, Mr. Bruce Smith la the two previous Assemblies, and Mr. Adrian Knox in this. But one docs not constitute a quorum, which, as a matter of argument, could not be couutftu tionally fo;mod, there not being 20 men who were not, and arc not technically disquali fied as having accepted ' an office of profit under the Crown.' This being so, what becomes of the constitutional status of ths picsent Auaombly ? Logically, it does not exist, because it has been elected under an Act passed by a Parliament not coastltu tloually qualified to legislate, its members having accepted payment ior their services, which there was no law to warrant, but which the Constitution Act specifically and distinctly forbids under heavy pains sni penalties. So Bill or Act passed in these Assemblies are valid ; Loan Bills and Appropriations Acts, disposing of millions of publio funds, become mere waste paper i that glorious band of political 'guinea- pigs,' the Public Works Committee have Loen piling up fees and expenses to toe tune of £1200 u year per man, exclusive of Parliamentary Stipend, without lawful warrant, because, constitutional right to sit on that Committee presupposes constitu tional membardtup of tbe Assembly. Aj ite members bad not the second rigbt it could not have the first, and all that they hive done, consumed and spent at tbe public ex pense has been unconstitutional, and there fore, unlawful, This is a bole in which the Ass's astute action, If sustained by the courts, hind public affairs. The only way out would be to pass aa Indemnity Act legalising all the administrative and legisla tive acts of tbe present and two preceding Parliaments, Aud to amend, btj tine addition of a single word, the ' Parliamentary Representatives' Allowance Act' ot lSb'9. To compel Mr. Held to take this oourae is the National Act's, real motive for moving the courts ; and it is jnst here that the real merit of Ita constitutional acumen becomes plain. Mr. Reid can easily get passed through all ite stages, at ono silting of tbe Assembly, an amending Act validating Payment of Mem bers, bnt whether ho would get tbe Legisla tive Council to pass it is quite another matter. There is every reason to believe that the contemplated action in the courts has bees undertaken on the clear understand ing tiiat it ^ eucceedi, a majority of the Uppar House will refuse to again pass Pay ment of Mcmbars for the distlnot purpose ol avoiding a conflict with the Assembly ov«r a Land Tax. Cunningly counting tho present period ot industrial depression »nd political stagnation, as propitious U- an anti-Pay neat of Members crusade, and for toe very eome reasons favorable to a Land T^x cry, thoy will, try to force Mr. Bold to ths country on ths toriner iBsoe, They would, we mar believe irom what we know of toe ' fewsiU,' argue with a plausible show of patriotism, that Payment of Members had never yet been dlrsctly sabmUted to the approval of the people ; that it had been passed by a Parliament without any clear mandate; that it i« 8. question, that ought and must be directly tubmitted to tho constituencies: and that, even if these reasons did not Btand in the way ot the Counoil'e sanction, £800 a year in these times of general depression and dlBtretB, 1b too much to pay a repre sentative of the people; and, finally, that New Sooth Wales ought to imitate Victoria and other colonies is retrenching here as well aa in other branobea of Btato expendi ture, Biahtly or wrongly the Upper House and the National Ass. who are one, believe that public opinion has undergone a change in regard to payment of members, and so do I. There it not nearly so much said In its favor to-day as five yearn ago ; enthusiasm has waned, and some ot itB moBt ardent supporters now advocate it with bated breath. Consequently the Legislative Cout c\\\ would rather fight Mt. Raid and tha Labor Party on the Payment of Members Issue than on any other. Their object is to drive Mi. Reid and bis Single Tax following into a close coalition with the Labor Socialists, and to tri'1* to overwhelm them together by the combined popularity which attaches to Payment of llouibere in one direction, and to Land Taxation in auother. I neither admire nor respect Hr. Held as a politician ; but as one who does not believe that Payment of Members is one of the 'vitals 'of Democracy, bat -who does not wish to see Labor's Parliamentary force either diminished or snnffed out, I would train Mr. Reid, or rather that section of the Labor Party who tolerate him, to beware how they are inveigled into a struggle with tlie Upper House. Payment of Memben ie 'a cook that won't fight ' on many political platforms just now. If Mr. Beid insists on fighting on that issue, .the Labor Party may make up their minds that he intends either to desert them, or lead ihen into tlie avtbtu cade of an Mortice Vpptr Bouse, which vierely tinatw strengthening the present system. Labor con never fight the Upper Hoase onder tho lead of a lawyer of Mr. Reid's type ; it must select iti own leader, and also choose the iasac to be feaght, ae well as the time for righting. — Vours, etc., JOBS ENGLISH, Sydney, March 12th, 18B5. 