BAPTIST ASSOCIATION OF QUEENSLAND. ANNUAL MEETINGS ii The annual session of the Baptist Association was continued yesterday In the City Tabernacle At 2.30 p.m. a business meeting was held, at which the president (the Rev. J. B. Sneyd) presided. The proceedings were con, produced by short devotional exercises, after which the secretary read the minutes of the previous session, which were continued. The ballot for the election of twelve members of committee then took place, with the following result \--Messrs. H. G. Cray, A. A. Grimes, J. Grimes, J. C. Keith, T. Low. D. W. Massey. W. Moore, W. Prideaux, J. Standring, J. Walker, D. Webster, and li. Wheeler. To these were subsequently added Messrs. W. J. Bowring, C. F. Gerler, S. Glossop, G. Phillips, W. Richer, and M. Taylor. Church Letters. Mr. J. C. Keith read a digest of the annual letters sent from the churches. Notwithstanding the trying circumstances of the past year the reports were of a very hopeful character, and some" spoke of considerable blessing experienced. Mr. O. Grimes and the Rev. W. Whale subsequently called attention to the generally cheering nature of the reports. Loan and Building Fund. The assembly next considered the proposed rules and regulations for the administration, of the Baptist Loan and Building Fund. Those were agreed to as a basis, and referred back to the committee for legal advice previous to final adoption byjLlie assembly. The usual vote was passed for. the secretary's expenses, and some minor matters were considered. The secretary was directed to write to the Rev. W. Dinning, of Warwick, expressing appreciation of his kindness to the late T. B. Gillison during his resi- dence and illness in Warwick. The meeting was closed by the singing of the doxology. PUBLIC MEETING. A public meeting was held in the evening, when the Rev. W. Whale occupied the chair. After devotional exercises the Chairman called upon the Rev. J. B. Sneyd (the president) to deliver his inaugural address. Mr Sneyd said that in entering on the office of president he would ask them to allow him to express his thanks for the high honour they had conferred upon him. Although he could not hope to All the office with as much grace as his predecessor, he was persuaded that they would be lenient in their criticisms of his shortcomings. He could remember the time when a Baptist Church did not exist in Moreton Bay, and if a personal allusion was allowed him he could say that he was one of the first-born sons of the Baptist Church in Queensland. He was aware that the president of an association such as this was ex- pooled to treat upon a subject of great importance in his inaugural address, and thus stimulate and provoke discussion. He had not selected any difficult question for them that night ; he would address them on a subject that was a simple yet very important one, "Con- He wished to speak of consecration considered as an inspiration, as a source of power and influence, and as a factor enabling them to achieve success in Christian work. He believed that the subject of con- secration was a great and important factor of church work, and one worthy of every consideration. Consecration involved a separation from all that is questionable, and w devotion of all that is noble to God, Consecration involved holiness of life, purity of person, and an exhibition of those graces that glori- fied the Soul of Man. A true type of consecration was St. Paul, whose life was consecrated to his Master. Whilst he was preparing this address be had come upon a fragment of a sermon by Mr. Spurgeon, in which he said, " Do You know that the strongest man of all is a consecrated man." He then pro- ceded""" to review the success of con sccVated events in history. He defined the true meaning of; consecration, and said that the oppression of their hearts was that their lives should be fully and truly consecrated. It was obvious that coiiMfcration quickened the thought in reference to the primary purpose of the Christian life, which was so emphatic called embodied in the words of the great apostle. " Whatsoever ye do, do all to the glory of God," and if they were thoroughly consecrated to God that very face would stimulate them to become "vessels unto honour." They desired that the politics of the statesman, the fiction of the novelist, the pen of the journalist, the songs of the bards, the pencils and! chisel of the artist might be domi- not I'd by the spirit of Jesus Christ. This let there be thorough consecration of sAndy and soul, of intellect, of life, of A o, and of talent and affection, and the evilly Ghost would then endow them with power from on high, and the gospel free from hindrances, winged by faith, wafted Ten by prayers, and accredited by tvueiconslstency-would go from one end of the land to the other, until its message of love had been conveyed to all portions. (Applause,) The rev. W. Whale made a few congratulatory remarks upon the excellence of the inaugural address of the president Two Rev. J. Glover delivered an address on the needs and claims of the country churches, and said that one of the internal needs of country churches was denominational spirit and extension. They believed that they had a truth to testify to and a- creed to make known that other churches had not, and it was necessary for, them to secure a wide field. In some places the spiritual requirements of the people were Irregularly and insufficiently attended to. There were other difficulties, such as the lack of ministers and the want of means to enable them to travel from place to place. Much of the spiritual life of many churches had been extracted and the work of spreading God's gospel impeded by their banking accounts being overdrawn. The group ing) of country churches under one minister was the most economical and most satisfactory arrangement. It also kept up larger congregations and prevented petty differences. Churches isolated from people of their own denomination were in need of visits from conferences of the union and delegates. Evangelistic services-, were a source of great help to outside churches, by which many have been brought to confess and live for Christ. The claims of country churches internally were many, where these churches are the centre of spiritual life in the districts into which they in- fuse the blessings of the gospel. The Rev. T. Vigis said that the remarks of the Rev. Mr. Glover had covered the ground of the needs and claims of country churches so well that he would just sketch some of the needs of the towns. of North Queensland. In North Queensland there, were only two Baptist ministers and they were in capable of doing '' so great an amount of work. One centre was in Townsville and one in Charters Towers. In both places they had severally nncL'laltbtiil bands, of workers to whom would be due the evangelisation of those towns in Northern Queensland. Still there was, a great necessity for more help there being a great many places which were in sad need of Christian guidance. There was ample work for more pastors, but there was no possible way of enabling these pastors to earn their meat, and butter. The claims of North Queensland, were nearest to his heart, and he had every confidence in the future of this country, which it was his earnest wish should be blessed in the future by further evangelistic work. The meeting concluded with the sing- ing of the doxology. During the evening the. Jireh Choir led the singing, and contributed an anthem. 