IATMALISIM A MOST, j A CHRISTMAS EVE ADVENTURE. By J. G. O Donogiiui:. It was in the beginning of Rummer, in tno year 1S73, that the sylvan solitudes of a valley formed by two of the numerous ranges or spurs of “North Gip/ slaml wero awakened by a party •of mounted prospectors amongst its primeval Unconsciously picturesque in their unstudied attituiiea of graceful negligence, the bronze faced, resolute-looking goldeeeker3, sat in their saddle* scanning, with critical eyes, the diver- j sifted and pleasing sylvan panorama that en- | vironutl them, Ttio<r protracted examination of tbo land- j Ecapns did not arise from a love of the beauti ful in Nature;-although the valley might in disputably bo taken as a compendium of one of her many varied displays and beautiful combi nations. Continuous travelling through scenery such as that which surrounded them, had somewhat dimmed the glamor of that exalted feeling; so that the lavish display of Nature's wild gran deur excited but little interest, and called forth ittle remark from the horsemen. 1 The geological features of the valley were likewise unheeded. All were intent oil a suit a situation on which to eroct the tents. A -spot was at length ehosen.and uuder the low, spreading branches and umbrageous foliage of a giant eucalyptus the tents were pitched, and preparations for the evening meal commenced. Directly in front of the tents was an expanse of green sward sloping gradually towards the Moroke River, whoso rapid and pelucid waters, eddying and rippling among the boulders that embedded its channel, and the branches and tree trunks that were piled acro3S its course in “bewildering confusion at every curve, ran with many windings to join the Mitchell. Lining the liver’s banks was a tangled mass of vegetation, among which a forest of gum trees, their -primeval grandeur as yet unimpaired by the •elector’s axe, Bhot upwards, and in long varied lines stretched away in dim perspective to the •nmraits of Mounts Buller and Tomborithn, bo - * tween whose rugged 44 tors’’ the long snowy npex of the Barkly Range was plainly dis cerned against the deep blue of the evening Aftor supper the company gathers for the inevitable smoke and yarn before retiring. On this occasion, however, they do not appear to be in a loquacious mood. With grim com placency they rit on the moss-covered trunk of an old tree, which had been up roofed by the iempast, or reposo on the grass, pulling medi tatively the while clouds of tobacco smoke from between their lips, and watching the curling and fantastic wreaths gradually disappear in j the quickening shades of night. i Brightly gleam the glowing pipes in the twi- I light. No voico breaks tho stillness. An uuusual and oppressive gravity appears to pervade the entire assembly. It may arise rfrom the fact that it is Christmas Eve, and that 'memories of other such anniversaries spent -under more propitious circumstnnceR crowd mpoathe mind-anniversaries probably spent with friends or relations whose fumilar form cheery Christmas greeting will never be seen or hoard more. Perhaps, tho gravity is the out come of onervation, caused by a long journey 1 under a broiliug sun. Whatever may hnve been , "the cause, ita effects soon pass off, and i personal reminiscences and adventures of flood and field follow each other in rapid and varying ! •accession. One alone of tho party retains an | uncnaracteristic gravity and cynicism, so much bo that his companions remark his silence, and in a bantering way make suggestions a* to the “You are all at fault, undoubtedly at fault,” reiterated the silent one. 44 One cannot think and sustain a conversation at the same time.’* “I was but recalling an adventure that occurred to me one Christmas Eve some years ago, and which I shall relate if you care to hear -—it*’.’ . “ What is its drift, Jack, old maui”’ asked Charley Dalton, the sage of the party. “ Ghostly,” was the sepulchral and laconic reply. “ Ghostsl Rubbish!’’ exclaimed Charley,1 “ they do not exist, unless-” i 44 This one did,” interrupted Jack, as he pro ceeded to drag his long, spare form into a suit- j able posture for a lengthened talk. *‘Oh, well,” replied the sago, somewhat nettled at having his eloquence cut short in nuch a summary fashion, “ we will not discuss the subject. Fire away.*’ There is no need for tho permission to be repeated twice, for after a few preliminary coughs, Jack at once plunged iuto the subject. One Christmas time some years ago I received an invitation from a friend to spend Christmas Day with him and his family. Living, as I did then, five miles from tho township of T-, and nearly the Eamo distance from any human habitation, and seldom meeting any per.-on with whom to converse, I readily acquiesced in my friend’s suggestion. “Where I resided was a creek, bordered, as is mostly the case, by la goons, which were a resort for many species of wild fowl. Thinking that a pair or so of wild duck would not come amiss to my friend’s wife, I tuok my gun early on Christmas Eve, and succeeded in shooting a couple, and also a hare. Making these into a portable parcel, I started for the township shortly after dusk. It was one of those nights that one would select for a TfimUe—when the moon, unimpeded by a cloud, sails majestically and supremely across a firmament of sapphre, thickly spangled by myriad stars, Tho night was warm and still. The chirp of the locusts and the far-off barking of a dog sounded clear and distinct. From the waterhole hard by came the monotonous, yet xhythuncal, chant of the cicada, broken at times by the deep, hoarse croak of seme huge “ bull frog*” who, floating on tho water with out spread Ieg3 and inflated body, strives, with j many spasmodic jerks, to outvoice his adjacent “sharps.” I had perhaps gone about three parts of the distance when an almost indescribable feeling took possession of me. In other words, I felt j by some inscrutable instinct that I was watched. I baited and glanced around. No living thing i . . ■’was to bo seen, save the bata that noise- | flitted past. I glanced upwards. A , change had taken place. The sky was no longer clear. Light fleecy “wisps” of cirrus cloud drifted quickly across the heavens, ever and anon obscuring the moon, and causing alternate light and shadow. Shaking off the uncanny feeling that caused me to stop, I once more resumed my walk, I had not gone far when a slight sound •startled me. Once more I paused. At this moment the moon shed her silvery radiance through a rift in the clouds. I glanced hastily around. Something attracted my atten tion-something partly hidden by the deep shade thrown by a gigantic eucalyptus. Some thing motionless and erect, formless and in- j distinct, yet shiniug with an unearthly glow of 1 translucent light, lwas appalled. My frame shook as if with ague. The parcel fell from my nerveless grasp. Huge drops of perspiration coursed each other down my face. I felt as weak as a child, and could only gaze at that portentous shape. There are times, we are told, when even the most reckless are struck -with a feeling of awe—when the blood seems to chill and the heart to faint, and all physical power appears to begone; when the soul ia startled and the cheeks are blanched, and each function appears to be under the influence of .some indescribable paralysis. Such were my feelings at that moment. With alternate aensatioua of fear, doubt and bewilderment I continued to gaze at that ghostly figure, standing so grim and silent -beneath the great gum. Long ago I had reasoned myself out of all belief in ghosts, goblins or any of tbo other supernatural appa ritious which man, in his^irongiimtian, creates and endows with al the faculties essonticl to their existence. Yet, so unexpected had been the encounter, that all my former reasoning failed to etaud the test so suddenly imposed upon it. It -was not long before my normal self-pos session roturned, and with it all my former doubts in the existence of ghosts. I stooped to pick up the parcel dropped involuntary at tho first appearance of the mysterious, and on looking again in the direction of my super natural companion, I found that ho had vanished. Cautiously approaching the spot where he so recently stood, I glancod around. Nothing was to be seen. "Was tho spectre, after all, inertly an illusion of the senses ? I was suddenly awakened from the reverie into which I had fallen liy an unearthly cry, unearthly alike in tone and portent. ^Turning hurriedly in the direction whence the cry came, I saw the fearful apparition coming directly towards mo, gliding seemingly over the grouud at an almost incredible speed. My courage being now equal to the en counter, 1 awaited tho advent of the portentous figure with a coolness equalling my previous trepidation. The spectre was clad in a long, white, luminous-like Bhroud, which descended from neck to heel. Its hands were thoso of a skeleton. Its head a blanched and grinning skull, the sightless orbs of which, like those of that fabled animal tho cockatrice, shone with a brilliant, unearthly light. My resolute hearing seemed to disconcert his “ ghostship,” for he checked his speed, and when within yurds of where I Btond, he raised his skeleton-like arms above his head, gave utterance to a weird cry, and shot oif at right angles to his previous course. • Listening attentively, I could hear the faint crackling of gum leaves, as from the passage of a ponderable body over their surface. Spectres, according to the whimsical and accepted hypothesis, are shod with wool. This one, evidently, was an exception to the genoral rUIdoteinnned to fathom the vagaries of this moonlight ranger. Grasping tho parcel firmly in my hand, I waited a favorable opportunity to give chase. i That opportunity soon presented itself. | Once more the spectre camo flitting towards me. Feigning fear, I crouched down alongside of a tree,°and thus lured the figure nearer to my couesalment than it would otherwise have approached, .lumpingup, I made a rush at the spectre, hut by a graceful movement it oludcd my grasp, and darted off, leaving me far in tho rear. With stern pertinacity, 1 started in pursuit, urged on by tho desiro to investigate the source of that incredible pace. After tho first burst, the ghostly figure adopted n steady, uniform pace. I followed about a chain distant, running well and gaining speed and confidence in roy staying powers at every stride. A peculiar sound now attracted my attention. A remittent hum not unlike the musical vibration of tense wires had become audible. , Puzzling over this inexplicable Bound I ran on. Suddenly a log fence. Burmonnted by a bar barous-looking “buckthorn’' wire, extended its sinuous length in the path of the ghost. J quickened my pace. Would tho figure attempt the jump. My cogitations on this point were abruptly ended by his ghostship turning, and following the course of tho fence. A few hundred yards distant I knew that another fence joined and ran at right angles to tho one we were now following. I felt certain that the spoctre would not he able to jump the fonco and preserve his diaphanous draperies intact. At length we reached tho angle formed by he two fences. Cutting a corner I thought to tiutereept the spectre. It was a vain manmuvre. With the case of a kangaroo the object of my pursuit cleared the fence and thus avoided me. The jump, however, had in some way displaced his anatomy. He no longer glided over tho ground, but adopted a stylo which appeared a blend of tho Irish gig, and the ungainly gait of a woundod’possum. I gave chase. A few doubles, that would have met with the approbation of the most exacting football critic, ensued. Then with a swing I raisod the parcel. For an instant it hung, like the sword of Damocles, suspended over the spectre, and then de scended. I Lad a transient vision of a pair of ducks, a luminous body and the whirling ionn of a hare seemingly careering through space, and then all was 'a blank. I had materialised tho ghoBt. On recovering my senses from the involuntary oblivion into which they had been so suddenly plunged, I found that I was extended at full length on a dusty road. Jumping to my feet, I looked for tho cause of this startling denoue There he was, sitting on a stump, still clad in his diaphanous draperies, swearing like a Yan demonian at a piece of wood that had become securely lixed in oue of tho powerful spriugs that were attached to his hoots. At my feet lay a grinning skull, from out of which issued two beams of light. I picked it up. A circular hole, sufficiently large to admit tho introduc tion of a small lantern into tho cavity of the skull, had been cut through the two bones. A copper stud connected the lantern with a leather cap which fitted tho head, and to which a chin strap was attached. ** Well,” asked my companion, when X had completed my inspection, “what do you think of my get-up P* “Wonderful, especially the springs,” I re “ Yob,” ho eaid, “they aro not bad, and but for ibis stick you would never have overtaken I assisted him to removo tho stick, and watched him don his ghostly human helmet. Then giving his draperies a shake to remove the adherent dust, he exclaimed, “ Au revoir, my strong-minded friend, when next yon attempt to materialise a ghost, don’t break your nock by falling over him.'’ 41 One moment. What is your object in masquerading so far from the township r I asked. “ Merely to frighten a holiday party. I trust that I shall be more successful than I have been in your case.” Saying this he glided off. X watched the flitting form till it was no longer visible, then picking up tho contents of the parcel, I resumed my journey and arrived at my destination in due course, and favored my friend with a narration of ray adventure. “It is now 12 o’clock,” exclaimed Jack, glancing at his watch, “so I shall wish you all good night and a Happy Christmas.'' 