THK MIS8I\G MAX. (From London Truth.") " T):«l.rt, T tell y HI ? f-4eU yuu j'"' criui] Colonel Ci-ouke.- excitedly j ;iii«l triumphantly, as he filing down J tlie St<J7id'irtl 'in • tbe.^uj- jei^li C i i-inlin^-i ooni. ''{^jaigfit - wasn't th." j Koi-t oF man^to oaiumit stfiiyfh; ; and no one w<)iijtlcaiUnitt ci(Ie 1>Y'putting his head, instead of his necK, 011 the- i.iil. As they writ? ci-ussing the line the Anstmliiin shot hiro fj opi IK;- j liind tlirough the head, and then laid the head on Uip-rail thut it might he crushed into! a p.ulp—-us itlwiife—tand the bullet-fjole effacH. It "w iis^sliaqj. of the doctor to suspect this, and Kearch for the bullet, v. '.iich he found. d sharp !'" reiterated the Colonel emphatically, si-ice praise of tlie doctor's sngacity was praise of his< own. 1 . [ .,'..- - ' . ; ' " Poor deril I' 1 guid a Tt>nn£ frllmv named Griffiths, synipatimti-.'iilly. "Poor devil! Just r when. Jiis luck had turned ! ThgYsay,fc iin<J 1>;(oV«V Hullyboy a.t lfito 1 tig a mat, and hud: made an imriirnse hanl." ; ?' • i < '• " He'd have been welcome here," sneered Marsden. " Yon miefht pager the room with his I.O.U's." " Well, well ; he couldn't, have died at a better time,'" said the CoUinel. All glanced up at him with looks of surprised inquiry. 4 < Ho 11 have so many sincere mourners," explained tlio Colonel. " Every creditor will grieve Horcly that he wasn't spared to p:iy him." " He hadn't many others to miss In'in, anyway,". said the shocked And sympathetic Griffiths^ whom 41 Spaight Ifiid owe 3 not^iig. Tlie sole relative at the funeral was a brother he hadn't t:een for years." " Suppose. Jhe Apsfrnllp.? i ,**ais caught and ma<jle disgw^gej-and the brother came in c fpr,tjje Qol-—-jrouhl Jie pny up here, I wonder?" speculated Marsden. „ Kb most of the fellowfi preseot held Spaight's I.O.U's for greater or.less sums lost at cards, the arrest of the Australian becamcj'a question of wartn interest and dfehate, and Af Borne bets. He can't escape,"-cried Marsden, positively. " Why n^t ? Why couldn't he go nnder as &)ot jclidj"' r • " Why ?fe> iSejafise Spot had a long stnrt, and Spot, hadn't a bad squint^ a broken nose, and a livid scar across the right cheek. Why Cain himself couldn't hive been marked more unmistakably I" "Well, they haven't,got hira yet nnywny, atid it's now jiista week since the muidcr. , If they <jould not run ]jim to earthi" when the trail "vras f^esh they aie not likely to do it now." " Pooh ! ! Those 'Manchester detectives are as dull and slow as the Braoke from thfeir'niill cliimrieys. But Barrett was sent down yeBterday from Scotland Yard, he'll soon run him in, you'll see." " I'll tell ydti what I don't bee," •jlipod a shrill-voiced captious youth, liMmed Skinner. " I. don't see that it's so cefctain the Apstralibft did ji. ^It's only circumstantial evidence, after ulU " Only -circnmstantial - evidence ! If you found a chick in your egg, you'd say it ivas only circumstantial evidence that the egg wasn't laid this morning. Here's the fellow, this Australian'—Brill, or BiOngh,or whatever his name is—chuqaa with Spaight in the same rooms at' Manchester, goes to the course iritTi him, spends \- the day in his' company^ returns stitf •with him, is Been "with 4iirii hklf an 1 hour before 'fche body was found on the line, and has never been: seen since, Didn't even return for his belongings' to the ropms. lAnd you say it's only circumstantial evidence. Here is evpry man, -woman, ahd*fchHd' in the three kingdoms talking of him for a week, overy tiewspaper for a week full of him, every dead wall plastered -with £200 reward, and his photograph with its skew eyes, broken liose, and scarred cheek, but he never feade, hears, or Bees anything about the matter, for he never comes forward to clear himself. Confound it, man ! I don't know what you'd have ; it'B enough to hang an archbishop." 1 1 But suppose he sailed from Liverpool that, night, ornext morning, then lie wonld bavje hail no cliance -.tot^ee or hear anything'of the jnurder." objected the contentions JSkiuner- " You liaven'-fc been reading 1 your paper, my boy. Within an-honr from the finding of the body a wire was Bent to eveiy seaport in Great Britain to arreBfc any man answering to the Australian's description who attempted to embark." " It seems to me," piped the argumentative Skinner, "that you're proving too mticb. Why hasn't a fellow with £200 on his head, and marked as nnmistafcably as Cain.: baen discovered Idrigago? It's no one's interest to shield a total stranger and a brutal murderer) while it's everyone's interest to pocket £200; yet, though, according to you, eVery child must recognise him, he's still at large." Ibis Burleigh Clpb discussion, which presently waxed warm and wild, was only an emphatic variant of tiie discussion -which was the chief lecture in every newspaper and in every conversation throughout the kingdom at this time.- It was the dull season certainly ; but this would n it. altogether suffice to account for tiic absorbing interest the public took in the Spaight murder. It was a singularly cold-blooded and atrocious murder, to begin with ; and there ivas a fascination of horror for a large class of readers in the penny-a- liner's gruesome description of ilie pulp to which the face of the murdered man had been reduced by the wheels of the express. But the interest of the public was specially focussed upon the mysterious and miraculous disapfeir- ance of the murderer into space. The A as -M ai*den"hld"said, was so peculiarly riiarked that-norme who had'once seen his face con Id •pier forsrPt'if, iimlno mie wlio had once read description of it could fail to recognise it ; yet, though this description lnh hfid j appeared' in every paper in the kingdom, and though every eye in the kingdom h:id been sharpened to identify it by the offer of £20 J .reward, the man was still at large. The JlaiictiL'stoi'police were so fur from des«rFitig' Maitnlen's disparagement that they had acted with -exeinplary prompti^ude and peneti-ation. The3 bail no-'Sooner i^lentafifed Sffaigbt "as tha murdered maii<ihan theysuspected 13 rough of Jiis murder,and telegraphed their suspicion and ^lic Australian's description to every seaport in Great X5ritain/and to ( erqj-y station of import'.ince. Svery ^ tiviin that - left iStjvnchestor about the time of the murder scrutinised at. the first station v.herc the telegraph could overtake it; while every train that li-ft that eitjf -Slrieu 'thel disco very of jtlie body wjisnanowly examined from fend to f end by' p'olicfemeri in plain clothes. In Manchester itself almost every street was placarded with a portrait of Bropgh, printed fi-om a photograph found in his rooms, with a detailed description «of his height, complexion, beai^in^.^c., and with an offer of £200 reWaf^^ for -such infornntion as would lead to his apprehension. All in vhiu. Even the usual "clue" failed to be repoiled from fche police- ofliee or in the evening p?„pers ; and theiociiipolice were at their wits' end when the wily Barrett r.as sent, down 4o their assistance from Scotland Yard. Barrett, having examined exhaustively every witness who had appeared at iha.incjuest, and every article that had been left in the lodgings of the Suspect, proceeded to make, a minute examination of the scenc of the murkier, and of its immediate surroundings. He searched especially, and in all directions—not the roads, but the fields which radiated from the spot where the corpse had been fonnd, and was rewarded at last by what seemed a significant clue. He found lying in a ditch such a soft while felt hat as the Australian had habitually worn, where heihad probably discarded it as too noticeable and identifiable. It had not apparently occurred to him that to be hatless was yet more noticeable, though not. so identifiable. Barrett proceeded next ro make a house-tohoiise inquiry whether a hatless man had been seen to pass on the night of the murder, and was again rewarded by another clue. A neighboring farmer informed him that a hatless collier, on strike or tramp,-had been found by him cowering near the firebox of his tln-ashing- machine engine —probably for warmth—on that very night, and.at about an hour after the time calculated for the murder. " Had he a broken nose ?" asked Barrett, eagerly Nay, aw couldn't tell whe'er he .had or no. It wor on the edge 'o dark t tha knaws, an' he himself wor as dark as a nigger. A man mad as weel wear'a mask as a black face, an' yo' can only tell one collier fro' another as yo' can tell one lump o' coal fro' another, by it's size." " Was there any coal near the engine F" asked Barrett sharply. " Ay, there wor a heap o' slack for firing t' engine next day." " By George 1" said Barrett, turning to the conscable who accompanied him. " He's an old 'nn ! He is that! He blackened his face with the slack both; as a mask and to pass for a collier driven on tramp by the strike ! Where did he make for after you turned him outf" " Nay, aw never turned him out. pair, chap- He said he had tramped fro' Wales, an' wor bahn for Liverpool to seek wark. His wife an' childre he'd left in Wales, fair clemmed, he said." " Clemmed ?" asked Barrett of the constable. " Starved, that is," he replied. " He's an old 'un !" reiterated the London detective with renewed and increased admiration. "Did he talk like a collier f" "Nay, he talked outlandish. He wor noan Lancashire, tha knaws." "Ay, I know that well enough. Did he spend the night, here ?" " Nay, he wor goan when aw corned aht wi 1 some vittles to gi'e him." Having, ascertained by further questioning that the supposed tramp was about the Australian's height and age, and was fairly dressed as far as the fading light allowed the farmer to see, Barrett informed him of his suspicion, which was now almost a certainty, of the identity of the trespasser with the murderer of Spaight " Two hnnnerd pahnds ! By Gum ! exclaimed the farmer, and stood staring and blinking with open mouth, wide eyes, and woebegone visage, rooted to the spot long after the detective had disappeared round a turn in the road. " He's still tramping the country as a collier on strike," pronounced Barrett, confidentially, to the local detective. " It's the very best disguise of his broken nose and scarred cheek he could possibly assume, and he'll not drop it till the IIUP and cry is over. We've only to wire to all stations to look out for a tramping collier with a broken nose and a scarred right cheek, and we shall have him within a week." Hurrying headlong back to Manchester, (hey set the wires working, and within less than an hour from their discovery of the clue every police-station in the kingdom was on the qui vivc to follow it. But, as no police officer was ever more on the qui five for a clue than a Press man for news of a clue, I need hardly say that eviry ivjning London faper of the d-,iy following contained threr or frtur "telegrams announcing TJarratt'sdiseovery of an importajit'clne, over and over again in slightly .varving forms of words. This news fanned ! into renewed flames the smouldering interest and discussion in the Burleigh Club, where the Colonel sneered :it it, Skinner questioned it, Marsden i-ejoiced over it. while- Griffiths (who had a feminine idea that he had a special interest, in the matter because his cousin was on the eve of sailing tor Australia) wavered feebly between these conflicting views. For the two. days-following t he papers were blank ; hnt on the evening of the third the fifth edition of the Hesperus was sol in tens of thousands by the telegi-am from its alert Manchester correspondent. : " Arrest of Brongh in a farm- near ^Manchester'."' Great was the exultation of Marsden who stood to wi:* a tidy .sum by the conviction of the Anstralian for the "murder; hut Skinner, who piDnounced the telegram bo^us, had his innings two hours later when the B-Almq:i printed a "Stop-Press" edition with the disappointing news .— The man arrcsled this morning in a farm-house near Manchester, under suspicion of beintf Brough. the Australian, who is wanted for the murder under atrocious circumstances of the late Mr. William Spai^ut, turns out to bo a Welsh collier, named Owen Jouc& on liis way home from Liverpool, vliither he had tramped in a ;vaiii search.for work, of which the coal strike at home had deprived him. How the police came to make such an inconceivably stupid blunder remains to he eirnlaiued.- Jones had not a single one of these marks of identification of which the public have heard so much and BO often—neither a cast in his eye, nor scar on his cheek, nor a broken nose. If no other explanation of this blunder is forthcoming, but the crass stupidity and ineptitude of the local police even when reinforced by the sagacity of the astute Mr. Barrett, then the escape of so marked a man as Brough becomes at last intelligible. The only explanation forthcoming was that the farmer, who had supplied Bai-iett with the "clue," sent a special messenger to the police-station that' morning announcing that Brough was in his house, and would be detained there till officers arrived to arrest, him. The officers on their arrival found a man as little like the Australian as possible, who, however, was certainly the hatless collier that had stopped in the farmer's premises for rest and warmth on the night of the murder. He explained his being hatless by his having hidden some potatoes he had stolen and roasted on the embei-s of the engine-fire in his hat when he heard the farmer approach. Jfext day all England was laughing at the wily Bai- rett'amare's nest; but, as they laugh who win, nobody found the detective's failure so entertaining as Skinner, who stood to pocket a fair sum by the escape of the murderer. But Skinners laugh died out later on when Griffiths staggered into the club and called for brandy, "Wbatfs the matter? What has happened ? You look as if yon had seen a ghost." Griffiths, who had staggered to the nearest chair, only nodded, until he had taken a great gulp of neat brandy, when he gasped, " I have I" "You have? You havo what ?" " I have seen a ghost—his ghost "Whose ghost? What the devil has happened ?" " Spaight — I've seen Spaight's ghost as plain as I see you." " Here, that will do! You've had quite enough of that," said Marsden. taking the glass out of his hand. "I'm not drunk, and I've Tiot imagined it. I saw him as plain as I see you there." As the lad was evidently neither drank nor dreaming, they waited breathlessly for bis tale. He said he had just been to the dorks to see his cousin on board the Australian liner Tasmania. Having gone with hitu on board and stayed to Bee his quarters, and have a farewell talk, he quitted the ship only at the last bell. Just as he was leaving it, Spaight absolutely rushed by bim on board by the same gangway. He had no more doubt of it's being Spaight or his ghost than he had of his own existence. He shouted after him twice "Spaight!" and he turned round instinctively, but instantly averted his face and dived down into the cabin. Then Griffiths had to clear the gangway, but he stood for some time on the quay, staring after the Tasmania as she glided out into the river, and must have said aloud what was in his amazed mind : " It was Spaiglit and no one else," for a man beside him, who had watchec the scene of the encounter on the gangway, asked, " Who did you say, sir, that man was ?" " Spaight, the man who was supposed to have been murdered by Brough.' Pht Are you quite sure, sir?" "Quite." Then having explained that he was a detective, who had gone on board to look out for Brough, " he asked," continued Griffiths, " for my name and address, and I gave the club as my address. What is the meaning of it, boys ?'' They were in the middle of a dis cussior? about its meaning when a police-inspector called to carry off Griffiths to tlie Tasmania—which had been stopped by telegraph further down the river—for the identification of Spaight. He took with him not only Griffiths, but the Colonel and Skinner, and explained to them his theory of Spaight's resurrection. Spaight's the man that's wanted, gents ; not Brough," as though the only people wanted in this world were those " wanted" by the police. " Spaight done Brough ; not Brongh, Spaight. He shot the Australian, exchanged clothes with him, and then laid his head on the line that his face might be smashed up into pulp. The body was identified as Spaight's only by the clothes and the papei-s in their pockets ; and it's my belief, gents, that it was something in them papers that started Spaight for Austiiilia." It was the failure of the police to find a man so identifiable as Brough no l&ss; than Criffiths's identification of Spaight which suggested this theory to the inspector, while Spaight's embai-rassirients and shady r antecedents made it probable,to the Colonel and Skinner. None of the three clubmen relished the idea of being the immediate means of bringing his old clnbmute to the gallows. But Spaight's suicide on board <Tismania upon learning the reason oi' the arrest of *he vessel in the river spared them this ordeal. That d he committed the m jrder was put beyond a doubt, and his reasons for committing it were hai-dly less doubt- ful, since it was discovei^ed that- he had lost as heavilv as he was supposed to have won sit tlie races. 