A Case of Conscience. 1 ? ». ? ?..;. . . ?(A. COMlTJiTE StOIIY.) Thoro were, perhaps, a score of people in the drawing-room of Wostholmo Towers. The assemblage included, among others, young l?adson, of the Guards, for whom I had conceived a vast partiality; Wallace. Lowin, known to me years ago, when he was consul at Jaffa; Mr. Cannan, the owner of the demesne adjoining my cousin Tom's ; and Mr. Caiman's winsome daughter, Dorothy. ? Miss Cannan sat afc tho piano, while Tom, under pretext of turniug over her, music, stood close beside her, all pleasantry and courtesy. Tom — tall and well-built — .showed at hi3 best that evening — I noted it with gall in tny heart ; and bis jov'al face was abeam with smiles. His deligent attendance on ' Dorothy Caanaii liml been decided!? nnre pro nounced of late, lending colour to the rumour then current, to tha effect that he and she were to make a match of it. ? . Frjm my seat in thi' e-nbrasure of the window, \vith bitterness and envy . rankling in my breast, I watched them. Strive as I might--and I deteNted my self for 'liiirbiuring'th'e abject fancy-— I could not help thinking -of the . con sequences their union would entail upon me and un y expectations. ??' His life only if between mo and eight thousand a year,' I soliloqiii^ed fretfully. . ' If hf marries-— faiisrh ! there's an end of my prospects. Not only that, his marriage will rob me of her whom I love as my life— more than my honour. Lo^e Dorothy ! I' cannot bear to th'.nk of it.' My nerves were strained to their utmost tension that night, I felt unwontedly iiritablo and revengeful as I pictured the misery which the near future had in store for me. And while I brooded thus darkly. I seemed to hear a voice— the Evil One's surely— ever and!anon whisper encoura gingly into mv. ear. '?-. ' Only his life — only his life !'' Thankful enough was 1 when Lieu tenant Radson and Mr. Lewin. broke in upon my churlish reverie. '.What, moping alone.''' cried the lieutenant cheerily. '. This will never do! Cheer, up old chap.. You seem out of sorts to-day ' ? ' Yes,' slid I, wiping ray brow. ' My heed feels bad — it's the hot room, I think.' 'Well, come out with us into the library,' young Eadaon went nn. 'Stay, though! Lett in has just told me that yon possess a museum of j-our own—that is, a collection of bric-a-brsc silver ornaments and. gew-gaws that, vou bronchi with you from the East. 'What : do you, say to displaying them to us 'both V 'I should greatly relish m.oiiiir them. '' . Upstairs we went to my dressing room— which adjoined my bedroom — wheie stood tho oblnng marqueterie i able on which the articles were. ranged They consisted of various silver, kniek nack's of Indian filauree-ivorli which I had picked up in Bombar a year before with other bizarre samples of Oriental workmanship which had chanced to tub) my fancy. 'Very interesting' said younij Had j-uu. stiHini; a yawn, in the midst of my |iarn'K.vnV-- .. 'Shall we go downstairs sixain 1 I hear Tom singing.' ; Half a moment ' I interposed. You haven't examined thi- yet.' So saving, I picked up what I vainly imagined to be the gem of my odd col lection— an elaborately carved ' ivory sheath,.-, in , which reposed a no less artistic Malay kriss. Tbe-ttcel of the. razor-edged weapon was fantastically inlaid with silver, and it possessed some sort of historic value in hiuvliiuj owe Iveen owned by the notu n'oii.sdat'i/i^, Lai Mnn«!is The sheath I handed to tlio lieutenant, while Lew in m reti-hnd out his hand for the keen 'currud'bhuk1.1. '' \~ery pretty, indeed.' commented Ua.d.-on. ' Worth something that, I suppose?': ' Meanwhile, Lewin van his linger along .the edge of the kriss, a subtle smile uponbis face. Tl)fi),a8 if seized with' n sudden thought, he struck a trag'u altitude, lift/tiff the knife high above his bead. 'Ha, ha!' he cried, aping the orthodox transpontine tillain. 'It's his life or mine Shall I strike? H&, ha!' Kadson; laughed hugely at thu ex consul's ludicrous posture, a laugh in which Lewin himself presently joined. Then- (he kriss was once more placed snugly in its sheath, and we returned to the drawing room.' '' By tliis time my cousin had dragged himself from DorothVs Bide, being now seated in close converse with her ? father. Thenceforward, to uiy mind, '?.:? try as I might to win her attention, she.anpeared' woefully reticent. Several limps I caught her eyes roaming in Toin's diivction, and the houJ of me waxed wroth at ?? the iri ffcrehce I ' could not avoid drawing. ]/'??? Arid at one time I- thought she cared. : ' furl me— thought she knew' I- cared fo- ? ?..?'? ' ' '?:' -lipi''- '.'-:: ??? .;. ';' '.' '???'?????:!^'--v'--,^ : At that moment the voice Btnote in v 'ears -again ' with' :'ita insinuating .'?..?;. hofne-thruat— :?-./,.:- *, 'OnlyhiRlife— onlylns'lire!'; v \ 'When , the hour arrived for. , Mr.' Cannin and his daughter to- start for ' home; I * escorted Dorothy to' the car riage, Tom foil iwing 'at some little disi tanco behind . with her * father. The pressure of her soft palm still lingered in my head when I went up to my room for tbe nigbr. Once agaiu, like muttered thunder in my ears, there rose the reiterated ul'rase — '';. . '.' $ Oajy.bis life— his life !' . . ~fl~ After a wild t03sing about on my bed, harassed and fevoriab, at length I dozed off. '?:? ' ' '?''??;??? ;V;;: . . Was it a dream I d;eamed then— a horrible, torturing nightmare?.1 With all ? t':o. strength that is in' mej I pray that such a dream may never agniu fall to my Int. In the dead of night. I thought that an invisible, irresistible energy clutched hold of me, impelling me, lie) pies* against its mandates, to , deeds full of darkness, ingratitude, and treachery. In. obedience to its behests, 1 dreamed that I rose from my bed/sto!e furtively into my dressing-room, and there took the ugly kriss from its scabbatd ; I distinctly recollect that I chuckled softly— oh, the horror of it !— as I snw the glint of the steel in the moonlight. Then, I know; not how, I found myself gliding cautiously 'into my cousin's room, across the thick carpet to the side of his bed. A swift, strong blow, doep into bis heart, nnd it was done I............. . A cry— hoarse and appalling—broke the srillness of the nisjnt, and this it was, I suppose, that -wakened me. 1 snt up in bed shuddering. Merci ful Powers ! it was no drfum ! The long-drawn wail of mortal agony still rang upon, the air. It camp from .the adjoining room — that of my cousin, Tom. A cold sweat pouring out all over me I blindly crept into tny dressing-r.iom and siruek a light. Yes it was no drpain. The. deadly kriss, lying bnre and blnodstiined on the little t'lble eonvictfid me. As I snatched it up again, to gaze aghast at its gory edgo, the mullled groan once more struck upon ray ears. Still retaininj; the weapon in my grasp I darted out into tbe corridor. I stuv -this llicker of half-a-dosson candles, as, roused by th« outcries,, the inmates of tin! house hurried, panic stricken totliuspot With tin; appear ance of the lights, Tom nii.-ed himself upon his ilbow. stretched his arm to wards me as if in denunciation and then fell buck — dead! I have a dim vision of piled, awed faces around me, looking at me half compassionately, balf-loathingly ; I saw the feiirful gash in Tom's breast, from which the blood still trickled ; above all, like a scar in my memory, I recall the red-singed kriss around which my fingers tightened convulsively. When the police came I gazed at them blankly, ur.able to realise the import of their queries. I replied to them, at hazard, incoherently — ' His life !' I murmured, disjointedly. ' I was in a dream. Somnambulism! I don't understand. A crime — who says it was a crime V The pol'ee-inspector shook bis head pityingly, and turned to speak to young ltadson. ' Yes, yes,' said tbe lieutenant, with evident reluctance. ' It sounds like a confession. He'll go quietly, I've no i.'oub'. I'll accompany you, too. So they l^d me, dazed :wd impas sive away. In a vague kind of fashion I knew that I was being taken tr- prison, and 1 managed somewhat to rally my scattered faculties. There was no use in concealing the uncon scious part I b:id played in this grim tragedy, and I unburdenpd my mind frank'y. ' It's a terrible business,' said ltad son, when I had finished. 'No, I don't blame you ex-ictly. In that half-sleeping half-waking state, you were hardly responsible for your ac tions. But it's :v terrible — terrible bubinojs !' He need not have told me that, for when I was left alone tlie vivid lee ig nition ot my guilt was more than I could bear. The many instances in which 1 was indebted to my ousin came t) uprnid'uie wi'h the baseness of my ingratitude in over countenan cing ; mi ill-wish towards him. And in what way wnuld hi- death benefit me now? L uniil I never ho rich with his wealth, nor pi.s-es.-eri of bis lands: Dorothy, too, would fxecmtc my name and hold mv memory in deserved ab horrence Nothing remained lor me but the ghastly farce of trial and con vicr.ioti ; beyond loomed the gaunt, forbidding gallows. Ill A man left alone with such thoughts as mine tastes an earnest of death. The leaden hours passed slowly by, and .although 1 could not have been inside the sta'jl over five hours, it seemed as many weeks to me bolore Lieutenant lladsbn returned. ' Pbaw !* he said, eyeing 'lie intently 'You seem lite ghost of yourself. You ought not to give way like this. ' Ought not?! I ee'jood, . Mlteily. '' Do you expect me to laugh and dance undvr my sin V ' Come, come ! its not so bad as all .that,' ho added quickly. 'I've a question or two to ask. you.,,.,Jn,,tho. Hrst place, why did you pitch me that tak- about a'grue3ome dream V . , i ' : ' What do you ice.ni V 1 cried excitedly.: !'';/? -' ' * 'Why tbiB— that you no m-re killed, your cousin than I did !' ,; : ' What ! Is Tom not. dead?' ; ' Unfortunately, yes. ^'t, vou had no hand in. causing his 'deathi' The real.' 'murderer 'has been fouudr wandering half did, and raving mad, upon the moor..' ??'?' ? ' ??'?; ' The rjal murderer !' I repeated : vacantly... _.,,. . v iHa«'e.nd,feaiv;..hel'is.ih safe .keeping! ' now. He must have let-himselE out. of the house'' i m m'ii J i at el y' sifter' the deed was done, still rotaining, in spito of his undoubted insanity,: a-lurking notion of the necessity of fii^hr-. . Of co.ur.T, as 8' on as wo tumped him, the hue-and-jry was' rained, with tho ri'su't that' ho-was' d!a,i;oyt'i:ed on the inm r,'as'I' have; cuid; chattering to htint-elf and . chuckling over bis atrocity. , He, partidularly gloats over his frenz:ed cunning in having secretly tllched the Malay kriss from your room, mid in replacing it without disturbing you, after be had put it to the vile purposes conceived by lr's craked' brain. ' Certainly, the poor fellow in not accountable for his notions, yet bis people are greatly to blamo — ' ''. , ;? 'But,' I interposed hastily, 'you hava not told tne who this madman is.' . ' VVhy, it's the man vou knew away in Jaffa-^-Wal'ace Lewin. H is friends were at once commur- iuntcil with, and a brother of bis reached Westholme an hour' ago. From him I learned that Levyin has oE Into been somewhat erratic in his' 'behavour, the outcome, no doubt, of the sunstroke ha sustained a few months back in the Levant. Ever since then he has been subject to periodic fits of melancholia, but nothing serious was thought of them ; certainly nobody imagined that thfy would culminate, as they have done, in a seizure of homicidal mania. What impelled him to vent his delirious spleen-upon your cousin, rather than upon anyone else I can't understand, unless, indeed, it was for the reason 1 have alrea-ly inontioned — the apparent paso with which tho murder could be fathered upon you. That, too. seems to be M-. Cannan's theory.' ' Ah ! Has Mr. Cannan been to tbe Towers V 'He came directly he heard of Tom's death. By the way, we are all at fault wit'i regard to Tom and Mr.' Uanuan's daughter. I had a long talk with the old man, and, from what he said, I conjecture that Tom was endeavouring to nmooth the pith for you. Aware that her father would probably dis countenance anjr engage.tnert between you and his child, because of your un satisfactory position financullv, Tom — the magnanimous fellow — ^ven hinted at settling a substantial annuity upon you, on condition tint Mr. Cannan withdrew all obstacles. That expedient will now no longer bo needed ; equally of cour.-e, MUs Cannon Itnmv nothing of these ponding negotiations.' 'And she?' I murmured. 'Have you seen or heaid anything of her ?' ' nly that she is in a state of anxiety and indignation on account of your arrest, nuh bordering on dis traction. Her father has gone to Fee about getting you out of this infernal hole, and if I might advise you, I would suggest that you drire straight to his house, and set her at rest. Hark,' added he, as footsteps drew near the cell door ' here comes Mr. Cannan to carry you off.' 