Gusr-est Events - By J. A. H. Loqui Veritas et timeo non. — Jones. A chiefs nmaivi ye takin notes, and faith hell print 'em — Burns. The sensational fracas last week between Mr. K. Y. Sparks, manager of ihe South Australian Company, and the Premier, Hon. 0. C. Kingston, has beeu matter of much comment in the daily press, by both sectious of which Mr. Spark's uugentlemauly conduct has been unequivocally condemned. The Conservative press, however, tries to excuse Mr, Sparks a little by saying he had some provoca tion in the Premier's speech at Port Pirie. As if any provocation could excuse the most un-English and cowardly action of creeping op stealthily to a man aud hitting him from behind with the butt of a whip without any warning, SucSi tactics are more suitable to Bill Sykes the i garotter, than to a supporter of law , and order," as I presume Mr. Sparks considers himself to he. It is true Mr. Sparks alleges tbat he spoke, before striking, and that be struck in front, but- this is not borne out by the. Sheriff and Mr. Piper, the latter ' gentleman stating that he distinctly saw Mr. Sparks assault the Premier from behind, and saw the blood spurt from a wound iu the ear. " Now," said' Mi. Piper, < if it had been a fair hand to hand fight, I would not have interfered, but should have beeu amused, although I think Mr. Sparks 5 is iu better trim for that sort of thing > than Mr. Kiugstou ; but to see a man » stuuued in that sort of Way — it cau be called nothing but coward.y — raised my anger. Mr. Sparks' usually ruddy complexiou was as white as a ghost's. Mr. Bootbby seemed so surprised at — - — - - the affair -that 'he 'took no more action in - the matter than Hercules in the square, but seeipgAS I did the whoie thing 'from the- start, it made mv , blood boil." Weil, 1- should think by this; time that Mi. H. Y . Sparks, J.P., is pretty well ashamed of himself. That absurd escapade of : Mr. Kingston's last year, when - he challenged SiraR. G. Baker to. the duo) ..was ridiculous enough, but at least there was nothing cowardly about" Itj ' nor any hitting a stealthy blow from behind. An amusing episode in connection with the Sparks-Kingston affray was the spectacle of the Hon. E. Ward rising solemuly in the Legislative Council, and asking the Chief Secretary if the Government meant to take any action in the interests of the public peace. Only fancy, .Ebby " posing as a moralist.; Writing on the same subject subject AutolycusLu the Mount Barker (lourier says . " Stambouloff fought for the natioal liberty of Bulgaria and fell by the hands of assassins. Kingston has u6w shed his blood iu the service of Soath Australia. The assault of which he was a victim has increased his personal and political popularity., and, I believe, he is rather glad than sorry that the episode took place. There are mauy tenants of the South Australian Gompany in yonr district, and thy must have read the published accounts of the fray with special interest. 1 wonder what the directors .will thiuk when the news arrives in England. If America were, tire headquarters .of the Company very little attention would be given to the matter, bat the English are used to tui'der methods of convincing opponents." Truly Mr. Sparks must think he is a great personage. Not. long ago .lie was one of ; a( deputation which waited on the Treasurer re some financial matters, when he behaved iu a most uugentlemauly way, aud in "fact ME ; Henry - Scott who was present, apologized for the conduct of some members of the deputation. Noiv, Mr. Henry Scott' is quite as sifting an opponent- of tho Progressive Land Tax and the State Advances Bill as Mr. Sparks is. But then you see Mr. Scott is a gentleman, and " behaves us sie.ii ," w bile Mr. Sparks is — well — be. is_Mr. Sparks, and: you cimiofc expect grapes from thorns or figs from thistles. ... . . . A man had -a donkey for sale and . hearing that a friend of his wanted to purchase one, lie sent him a post ; Card as follows . — " Dear If yoa are looking for a A 1 donkey don't fergetmc." . . , Brabs ani> Bonnets. — A yctrng lady' said . to a little, boy who had | robbed a bird's.tiest. 0 1 yon cruei I little wretch, to rob those poor iitile .bnd& of their eggs" said tho little boy, " that's the old mother bird ; 3;ou have got in your bonnet. Guess she wont ere." She (sadly) 'Well, i£ we must pu-fc : let's part friends. Good-bye-, and. may ; alt that's good go with you." He (decidedly) If all that's good went. ; with me you wotdft wooldYiot rem.:u> here." : Then she snhled find laid ber head upon his shonider — and he xcsiouned. "! j: AS.; a f.erlahii.up country tawjfcr never mind the-name— the paslor of a church was introducing a missiomiry from the Society Islands, aud in tiie Lcourse ef his introductory remarks- quoted . largely from Bishop He ber's well-known, missionary hymn. He concludeddby saying, And now,, my friends, let me present to yon our brother . Mr. who comes from that sunny land — ' Where:, ejrery/ning is pfeastng, and only mun is 'vite." The good missionary was visibly embarrassed as he rose to address the audience, the broadening smile on whose countenance showed that they fully enjoyed the pastor's ma /-apropos and left-handed compliment. We are compelled to hold over a. nurnber cf advertisements this week in consequence" of" a pressure of reading matter. Something new isiFt it? Those " who've " "advertisements are omitted from this.; issue- will kindly accept the excuse— Eptkssr August2. A-h-h i.WLafcJa happy man the propnetcr .ifff Vae must be ta have more . paying advertisements than he caii find room for ! Bufc couldn't . he have published a supplement ? Anyway, I am glad to hear ofany proyiucial journal prosper ing. I often Vbuder the country pftpers-do not Yinite in " a loiig pull, a; strong phjiid apull altogether," to try a gebid orthe iniquitous cews- pper'imt .wfihsh.presses so heavily on ; lii ys77llfie ' name of nirii'«dnt''..waj8;a synonym dealing. JiintraristSniscibsures some . of are '.quite a different article7. jffy readers will doubtless/.: remeiIf |he ease . Of Abrahams : Bros.'cqnyict of. "fraud ("a»drg|;hd6ffnasiii" Conhectioa ' (iAna more recently j iti " jfipuriio, , Moss Rosenfeld, j Percy SI- Benjaman, Samuel. Davie;. | an«l' > Joini -Stanway were: convicted of- I conspiring to defraud the enstems by claiming excessive drawbacks on goods exported by the firm of Lazarus, J Beujaruau aud Boseufeld. They : received the folio whig . sentences : — Besenfeia ni& moans' imprisSmnant, aud . a fine of . £500. > Davis and Benjauiau six. months- and JS200 each. Stan way- (wha: was-- ashiiipiug clerk) tliree mouths' iifigrfsoumeut _.aad, a fihe-of : iinpfifiOllfid till' Met paid- Justice Hodges "in passing sentence remarking that it Would "be impossible for honest traders to get a fair living if such fraudulent practices were allowed to go on unchecked. : I am very liappy to say for the credit of my adopted country, that there lias been very little if any. of this sort of thing in South Australia. "We have some very shrewd traders, but on the whole, they are fairly honest. At all Events We hear" nothing "of such wholesale frauds : and Swiudles as have disgraced neighbouring colonies. One of the funniest episodes in the Kingston-Sparks affair, occurred on the afternoon of the tragedy. The Premier and the Commissioner of Public Works went for a strcll down Bundle-street at Abort 5 o'clock. Two newspaper boys spotted" the pair, and followed -them down the: street, crying out " Evenitt Jo«riiaf, .fburtu edition. Full acebuut of the thrashing of the Premier.'' Charlie:didu't mind it; in fact he rather' enjoyed the Put linur i-JirtSH vnnno'.qrfirs jjuuiifltjf J-»»av. uww j did rerel in their little joke.- 0 , \--Quiz. 