SATÜllDAY, DKCBMBEll 21, 1893. 'Jho world boing a imisouin stoioJ with limitless wonileis mid nu lositics, the mnrvol should bo that so fow men. lind Yioim-n tako mtcicst in them Most of us, like tlio spairows, divido oui ti"10 between picking np eatables, tv, ittcrin,,', fiplitinr., and building nests Sol omon, who soomsto lmvo sullereil hko soma of otu J corak icsidcnts, from tlio dill"«''« known as caily libing, was ungi. «"« tho ho abeds for not getting up ni emly ns tho ant« Had the oppressive ) v.i»o man hied in our dity ho would, Uko Mr InoRMiY, bo mging us to issu« foith on oui bic.clca at dawn mid go caron ing along tho onipt) suburban shoots at nu hour whtn lhere h no law ngainst liding on tho footpatn Hie ants nrogiontl. ovonutul creatures '1 hoy foi m long lines of tialhi. nciosi the glass and gunul from n ]inlm ,u) in ono pluto to a poppoi lue m nnotliu, 01 thoy dovoto tho wholo tin. to ninnint up and down n bnek wall, m Rpito ot yom scattoung insoUiculo acioss tlioir pathway 01 pouring hot watti on thom, oi stamping them out ol existente by tho hundiod, whoro thoy mo on mo lovel, with .oin Chicago foot U«J « %ou examina closoly what aro tney doing Î 'iho gtout mojouty mo tloing nothing. TW »r0 «sibling aimlessly backwards nnd forwards, up and down, .omotimcä stopping to Inllc, sometimes to think, mid go kalk fo1 «"nothing i_ey have forgotten and don't want. At rare intervals you may seo ont, incl't . idiiil tumbling ovei high Undo, of crls, with a load far too big for it, winch von know it will novcr leach taw « it». ll0,n0 bNDS rolot'VC'y ns far oil lo tint (int ali t,lu Muirny wou,d be to a subinban loafor In its load-, drawing it goos in for '»oro ostenta ttoo"° What is an eclipso of tim Bm to llioin, or a railway libel I action, or the turning out of the Turnor Mini.tiy, 0I tn0 bowildormont of the ' -"te secictary ovor the social inno-l v,tion_ ii Inch have como in with the -unCioilitNOR. Whit mikes Bacon such a marvel ¡Huong men is his taking all kuow lüiVo foi his province. Ho set himself to know and understand every- thing at nn epoch in the world's history, «hen the phenomena of mturo imel as littlo interest for tlio wucwhty of mankind as a newspaper jj_ä foi the cattle in our paddocks (it mil ho obseivcd that wo do not say conts), or a florist's window stocked ivith prut-loss orchids has for ono of Captnin Clarke's St. Homards. JhcoVs case is still uniquo. You liavo men litre mid thcro giving themselves un boilv mill soul to research and study, lut most of thom are specialists-one «nhject men. Thoro is an exceedingly ubi» scientist amongst us who admits wlliout i egret or apology that ho never onens somo of our best newspapors. Ile li, no tuno. The day's doings of politit ians, of soiioty and fashion, of cyclists, hue no interest for him. ITo only cai es about grasshopper, red spiders, linke, and such things. We hie a lniigmiiccnt Public Library. The cieantic pile without, and til* well-filled shelves within, evoke tho admiration of every distinguished strangor. Somo American \isitor» have literally "gushed" over our splendid collection oí books Hut Americans whon at home read hirelly anything but nowspapers. l,lien tiny tako to a book it is Trilby. And mo ourselves hardly make any use o( tho Public Library. Until tho trustees tried tho lending system it may h doubted whether one household in three hundred in Molbonino could loncstlv say that in the person of son ordeiii-'htei it over looked at a singlo one of tho 200,000 or .'¡00,000 publica- tions viliich we presumo tho building tontiins To justify tho piido which Sir 111 iivoM) Bakky took in tho Mel lotirno Public Library, tho contents of the bonks ought to bo entering into our levis at tlio simo .rato that bananas aud swcetm-iti, or strong drinks, duly onter lttoom digestive economy. AN h it lils put us into this mood is ti o innounctmcnt made at tho boginning o'tlio week that a properly organised con I in)- it must have boon piopoily organise 1 or it could not now bo entern.; into that chrysalis like stage oí existence known as winding up Li been spending ü3,000 of a con filling old lady's savings in bonn., foi mil in the Silurian rock at ibt Kilda li tro tho Pifbhc Library a living influence wore tho knowledge it con Inns ilillusing itself ns it ought to bo l!rou_li mid among tho biams of Ile | coiile, such an oxpcuinent in rail seirching would be impos t bio in the )car lo05 in Victoria It is no ibo telling us that spiritists are half mai pooplo Yvlio will behove any fling and svho should bo classed with tlicsn igeswho hold incantations over n lore too or fi ighton tlio sun aw ly from tlio moon with lorn toms Spiritists trconh credulous hko the lost of us rien t!ic\ aro supiomoly ignorant Tie hil) who has found tho mono) foi 1 tittil g down the St Kildn boro would rotliavo parted with n shilling of it if tie jroposal had been to look for a í ratttm ol read) mado boots and shoes ¡"ho know» nothing nbout tho îolation i!np of sihu ian rock to coal-that is all h inn, the controversy ovoi Mi Justico llouuss sermon on praying for lain it ws | ointed out that we only pray lor tun lecnuso thomovoniontsof thovvinds m1 clouds aro somowhat ot a mystery lo church going people and wherevei lhere is a my story thoro is room for llieintiusion of the supornatuial llio first great advanco towards ullin.; a science of geology tv as the (I'covcry by our countryman, William ''sinn neirly a hundred y oars ago, of the succession of hfo in time " Ile ttitiounccd that the fossil bealing rooks onur in regular buccossion J liol o lias tan a gradual advance fiom tho liumblest forms of Mo to tho highost «nil most complex Evon Mr Or yd stom, wlio Yvithstnnds evolution, limits tins when, in order to reconcile (enes s with geology, ho tuen to show Hat iirst wo hod wntoi population, thon mr population, then land popula 'on lho YYorld was \oiv young ultu the Silurian locks-rocks known 10 tnciy lnmei, tho stiata which, m Nu tona aro almost every whoro on c1 a-«ero laid down 'I hoy woro laid doun m silt watei, mid tho principal I uliildints of the dcop weio then '»i1m.iicII.isIi hot until long aftei 'Hvo etition appeal on tho globo li oceolo0ical <\¿t.s latei carno the eui' 0 ' ie "pintie leins, as yvo may tall li m nu I comfus havingsomo kinship tot] o Mort ton Pty pmo and the bunya I .'J')! of tho pi cent di) J ho donsU| if ts i f tue caibiimfcious ci i vvoio tho i tends out of which the gi eut coal | 'ci ne vveic uiridc I hero aro coal 1 m it litoi but none ol cmlicrdato Ile c nt li must then lim o enjoyed a »«ni bail mid a I ¡ml clinntc foi coil ' I luv«, been lound win io thcio is r°i OOOfi und (,,üÜ0ft of poipetunl ' m CiiLonlnnd Hiiv many millions of )cais n¿o "is ins no uno tan si) lim 6 «o i ts md tho biologists I ilk M Inn hüls of million i of vc us, tho I') i isis will only talk of'scoics of I "i » Hie tillman system, fiom its J 'it tin 1 noss must have t ikon njos to ') ''»ii so also tlio Jlovoimn, which ' ' neU J ttween tim hist diivs of 11 iliiunn and the fust ot tin . wlniufci ins thoio must have lieon nu II inen o hpso of timo With tho 1 rl nifeious ami not till then tun the matoimls foi making toni I Jln- folk of bouug tliiough siltinnn III it SL Kilda to Imil Newt asilo f a",s «n thus bo lenlisud oven by l'isons who, liku Sn AikIioyv Aguo j tlcd h ive ¡,.\cii to be u butine and """.¡»n thu attention windi the) j'"«! luvo bestow id on thon h hool 101 « It is not ns if tho spiulists 1 whim,, foi guld, Yvhich comes fiom j l0^ Mound is mi mtiudci 1 ossils, whothoi li«\ be lumps of cnibnn ot casts of *Tli must liuvo boon contompoiaiieous »"li the rocka m which tho) mo 10,»»1 'Ihtrofoio vvhon wo (mci a compiny of shareholders spending monty, no matter whoso, at the bidding of a spiutist, in trying to pi ovo tint ?when tho world was young foiests of ti eos grow in tho otean sido by side with the ancient tnlobttes, it is a stato of things which 13 a reproach to our national system of education mid our Public Libiaty, upon both of which we ïiavo spent iitmly as many shillings as tho geologists say tho wot Id has had .millions of jean There lins been within tho last few weeks another betrothal and another birth in the .»oyal House of England. The youngest daughter of tho Prince op Wales is betrothed to tho second son of tho Crown Prince of Dunjiaek, a tiny House, more fortunato in its marriages than oven the proverbially fortunato reigning dynasty of Austria ; while a second son has beon born to 1 the Duko of York and the Princess May; and tho prospect of a possible ¡ Marquess of Macduff stepping direct, say, from the Guards to the throne of , England grows still more remote. I A journal so observant and shrewd as tho Spectator declares that the most remarkable social phenomenon i of tho present century is tho curious [increase in the members of tho Hoy al IIouseB of Europo. A tiny cluster of I families for nearly 1,000 years lias ¡supplied rulorsi'-to .'? all''i tho 'great ¡monarchies çuid , empires pi,t Europo. i Thoy must have beorí originally families j marked by some special gift'oitho'r' for . fighting or ruling.,,, Their mere per- sistence in the faco,of all tho shocks and chances of "history is a-scientific proof of exceptional vitality. Hut fifty years ago it seemed probable that some, ¡ at least, of tho Royal Houses of Europe would porish of mero decay. A taint of insanity ran through some. Diseases bred of vico corrupted the blood of others. They liad the ox clusiveness of jl Hindoo caste, anti tho porpotual inter-marriages of a few' families with a taint in the family blood is an oO'o'nco which nature, in tho interests of the race, visits with swift extermination. Hut thero has been a remarkable revival of physical vigour in the Royal Houses of Europo, and Princes of tho Blood multiply as fast nowadays as tho sons and daughters of a poor curato or a farm kboiiror. Queen Victoma, for example, was the mother of jiino children, and the list of hor grandchildren and great- grandchildren stretches out uko tho catnloguo of ships in JJ omer. If all the later marriages are as prolific as tho earlier ones, tho Royal House of Eng- land alono, in another half-century, will bo numerous enough to set up a decent kingdom of their own. A table of living IIoiiiaNJiOLLKiiNS would tax tho memory of Macaulay's schoolboy, and ho would be a elovor man indeed who could tell offhand all the alliances and branches of the " Royal family of " Denmark." The scions of the linglish Royal family, tho eS/xtcieet'or calculates, in another fifty years orso will probably " oxcoed in number the whole body of " tho British nobility," and our grand- children may livo to seo " villages full " of Royal blood, just as thero are said " to bo villages in Galicia where every " householder, if not a. Jew or a " foreigner, is of undoubtedly noblo " strain "! ' It is easy to reckon up the forces which tend to multiply the Royal Houses of tho world. In part, theso are physical. The area over which they inter-marry is larger; tho habits of life in Royal nurseries and drawing rooms aro much moro wholesomo than they were a couple of generations ago." Mnybo many of tho causes, again, aro moral. Kew and nobler traditions of training mid character rulo in all civilised Courts. We h'avo only to recall our own Gkokcies to realiso how foul was the atmosphere of Royal Courts a century ago. The strongest passion of George I. was for ugly women, and Horace Walpolk has described for us-in vitriol-ono of lita favourites, Madamo Kil-iansegi.,: " two acres of cheeks spread with " crimson, an ocoan of nock that ovcr " flowed and was not distinguishable " fiom the lowor part of her body," with other details ovor which tho severer modern tasto draws a voil. Who could forgot, again, that dreadful picture of George II. hanging over his i dying Queen, and in reply to her appeal to "take a now. wife" after hor death, tho Royal husband roplying with tears, " Never ; I'll have mistresses " ! Tho poor Queen's bitter roply need not I be quoted. Of his oldest son, tho un ! foi'timato'Fiti.DEiiiCK, Hervey says ho " lind a fathor that abhorred him, a " mother that despisod him, sister.i that " had botrnyed him, a brother sot up " against him." How thick and slab tho Royal vice of that day was wo may judge from tho woll-known fact that AValpole urged tho daughters of George II. to ¡ secure a particular mistress for their j father, and in tlioMnonntiino, to .supply him with one of his old loves, ns " peoplo must wear old gloves till I " thoy get now ones ','.!.. George IV. lies embalmed in Thackeray's crystal lino English, Uko somo vile insect in muller. Thackeray declared ho dis 'covorod iu George IV. " nothing but ? " a bow and a grin." " I take him to " pièces," ho says, " and find silk I " stockings, padding, stays, a brown " wig rooking willi oil, a hot of teeth, " umlcr-woistconts, molo undor-waist " coats, anti then-nothing" ! George IV. invented a now shoo-bucklo and practised cvory vico known to man. , Morality during the last century has won no such .shining victories nuy wheio as in Royal palaces ; and morality in Royal I louses, as in pensants' ¡ huts, makes for puro blood, healthy brains, and long life. ' Hut tho multiplication of potential royalties certainly brings with it many .social perplexities. What is to bo eleino with those) thronging battalions of Princes of tho Illooil Í Thoy multiply so fast that they threaten to impoverish the Houses to which (hey bolong Liko tho unjust .steward in ¡Scripture, tiley j " cannot dig, and lo beg they ure " ashamed." Thoy aro forbidden by a stein but unwritten convention ' to engage in any culling except I soldiership and tim navy. Wo ¡cannot so much ns imagino ti Princo of tho blood-royal practising at tho bar, ¡Inking fees for "fooling plebeian pulses, I or editing ti big " daily." Thu piospnct, according to tho frjirtttlor, in that there 'will soon bo in Kmopo"n huge and ' " fn.st growing canto of persons claim ' " ing to bo tho heads of hocioty ; who I " uro not nobles, who have no dut ios, ¡ " who inn perform no work outside tho " anny mid navy, mid who will hnvo " »|iiile inadequate moans of support." Tho rotnotly suggested by tho Sptetafor is that tho livo greatest Kovoioigns of Europc--tholioadsoftlioioigiiin« Houses of Russia, Germany, Austria, Groat I Britain, and Italv-should ]ointly enact that no person moro than, sav, ten steps from tho tluono, should bo ac j counted royal Tho vvholo broid /ona of princes and princesses outsido this | tiny cuelo would then meit into tho general mass of'society, would bo fioo to marry outside the eiste, md betiko themselves to any walk in life they chose A cimotis an umstanco is that while tho ige is supposed to grow moro sternly detnocritte, the social influence of Royalty grows stronger rather than | weaker The groat Houses of Luropo I ought to have some exceptional strain of intellect if the doctrine of heredity counts for anything , and if they wer» set freo to blnre in the generil competí tions of the vvoild, it is easy to under stand that they might curyofFall the | prizes A semi myal wooer, for example, would aptuic the biggest American heness of the vcar And what fees might not another semi i royalty charge for scrutinising plebeian I tongues or counting the pulses of plebeian wrists ' Semi ro)il lips might j prove Btrangoly porsuisivo to the ears ' of jin les, and if a disrated Princo of the blood royal developed a fi ick for talking to crowds and turned derna goguo, that circumstance might well produce startling political results ! , Jf the boll which rings down the cuitain on tho Semi case ulso rings the de itn knell of populai agitations for tho ropnevoof criminals, tho disturbance of mind to which Australians huvo boon Bubjoclcd duimi. nil tlio pioocodings will not have boon in vain Here, ns in other JCnchsh spoal mu countries, i feobng eooins to lio Rroivino; mannst tho duo pumshnionl of vilo cronturos w ho from tuno to time poi potnito bombie crimes Tho reason is not fur to seek The crantions aro naturally strongor than tho pon or of logical thought which has hud to bo cultnutnd m tho Immun nice, und it is comparatively ens) to cronton stir for tho pardon of nomo desperate rufhnn by appealing to popular sentiment, which is for tho most part composed of persons not habituated to the mound disciplino nocossnry to cnablo it to form a sound judgment lhut circumstance played into the hands of obscure but vam persons who sought to ndrcrtiso thom solves by storming the doors of the Executiv e chiunbei at tho l*e id of piissionntu deputations It stands to icnson that no community could oller to its members tho sufoty for life which is the inalienable right of euch of thom if once tho functions of tho lau wero supct sedod by tho organisers of street corner demonstrations And it is because wo welt) tlueiitoued with dangerous inter fureuco with tho udmniistiutors of tho law ni capital cases that tho result of tho Dean conspicuo) trial is wolcomo No ciisu could havo boon moro favourable to public agitation Tho j migo bof oro vv horn Di'AN vvus tried for attempting to murder lim wife mudo a grievous mistake, which inflamed tho public mmd, Di. vvliucl a Rood reçoit!, ono of the chief witnesses iigmnst htm had a bad record Nothing was easier than to foment ngitation foi what was prictically ii now tua], and tlio Ministry bovvod to the storm Di an iviis liberated, mid now wo havo the decision of the july that his rolcnse was duo to a toni conspiracy between tho solf idvortis uig Mfaohfu and the greater criminal Di' vv Sooiot) must bo tho better foi that veidtct 'Hie Bitting of the legislative Assembly y sttrdny vvns short un 1 uninteresting V\ hen tile IIoii3i met nt half past 10 ti in the Attorne. General informe«! Mr /ox that the Gov ernme nt recognised that there vwts Brent thinner of the pul lie 11 mt, misled in con lu edon with the Mutual llenelit feociet) of îustrnluain, und mteii led asking the House to appoint a Hcleit coinlnittee to re port upon the matter J lie Premier then move I that the Jlousi nt its rism.: adjourn till the Mtli prox, lind lins proposal «iib readily uceepted J lie estimates of the Minister of LnndB were further considered in committee, and the nnnutil cnmpliunt was made 1) the repre sentutivcH of minuit; districts that the stale timber reserus were behn, cncroiicbed on, mid that unless the lorest branch «us again placed under the control of the Mines depa rttnent the valuable ti in berontbcin would be ruthlessly destroyed to the detri ment of the mining industr. Members, such as Mr M Coll and Mr \Ncbb, repreacntinc, rural districts, thought, however, tbut more lund bad been reserved for state forests than was neccssnrv, mid that it interfered with the scttlem nt ot the people on the land Mr liest re plied that he considered no gool purpose would he served by nguiu plnciiic the Iori sta under the control of the Mines deparlmint mid ibe mutter wob the« upon nllowed to drop On the vote for i dinge settlements Sir lohn M Int. re defended his neuem msetlhnc, people in poor circumsiunci a on Crown landa Ile pointed out lu bal received much unmerited abuse of bis i lïorts und olutmctl that, considering that the settlers bad no capital lind little or no previous ex piriiuee ol bush life tliesehimi lal Inn fmrl) succcsslul lie (luottd from olhciul re norm to allow thnt most were still in possession ol ihcir blocks many of them lnn" hupp, mil conti ntid having b. their niilusti. i still Indie 1 pi ruin ni.nt homes tor theuisehesiin 1 their finmlu s and be contrasted their present con lit ion willi iv hut it w na when the) were walk me, the stricta of Mell ourno m a bali starved state vainly se lrUunc, for work He bad not conduin(1 his remarla when the lieuse adjourned for lunch, mid on ita reusaimilling uti) o clock p ni no quorum could bet lorim d, ulthou"h the bella were rang twice Hit bpeiikirlind therefore no alternative but to udjouin the House lo the Utli prox (A petition waa pnsmtid to the Aascmbl. Jislerdny b. Mr Oîseill from 1 leut Colonel Windridy of ] nat Meloonme who ia in his '»bill 5 ni an 1 aiillerin" Iroin i nrnl.bH Hie piulion slut. I lint lie vvns in destitute eir I ciiinst mci s Intimi, «uti re I lessistbrout.li! the failure of u 1 mile mil tski 1 til House I to emit lum nsiistiincp lu justilu. Hi in I uf this ulled he Mitel that in IS 11 he ji nu I the _S li 1 (.unint ot loot nul in lsil nrnviil al M 11 urne In m S. lue. | in char e of lo com lets h ut lu le to lorni a | i nat jins lent cn w an 1 m 1SI.' wjs»| | mu 1| irill inaliuclor to the nutivi police îitiiler | Ciptnm Dann Alter p íforniitit, ilul) at | ti» eli elton riots in Milbourii m 1SI i be was stationl 1 lit loriliuil las vi il h a pirtj ol unlive police toi cheek the ribbenes uni murders bj the, aborigines in the We sie ni district Ile I nil mur Is ipintd ii truel from Melhoiun toi lort All in nul m 1811 discoveii I an I | lunn I I ni i lyers in t.ippslun I In IS 17 he vv is appointe 1 elm I lonsttiblt lit Kibnori nu 1 iiltirvv irdu to the annie position at Kvni tun mil aul sieiiientl. lnsptctor at loutit | Creí I whin willi (.upturn Dum li s 1 cteil the site tor the township of Cnatliiiiuu . Willie then be convive I tin brst rmn.il of (.old to Alelbourm the gol I wci"li 1 ovir luwt uni was carried cn ii | ink he ruc lui' li. linn without iseort to wilhin I mr mil a of I Ali II nunn In Itvn be li ft the (Jovi iiiinent nerviee mid settled at kjnilon where he i jome I tin volunteer foret ns lu utiiuuit mid , rise to tin rank of biuttniint coloiitl retir ' mi, on the illabunilnient ot tin I rutee if¡ Walis I ij,lit Horst in 18S4 Hu KMS On? ibu windi bavis Tort Milloumc to du) will tuki awn. IM toiiB oi butti r f )r I lie I otielt ti market | Mr I nie mer tho Munster if 1 ubbo Works I ft Melbourne )euterlu) atti rum li. for ltutherglin accompanied li) Mr Divitl aoii inapiclor (.eniriil ol publio worka bij,nor llruguto, viticultunil expert, and Mr] Bowser, M L.A. Mr Taverner ly'll to elay select the site for the viticulturnl college muí wine tellnr vvlnth the depart- ment propose to establish. 'I lie Mining department received a tclegiam jesttrdtiy from Mr Henry Hosnies, who i« in charge of the teating plant winch the department lins rettntly erected nt Bairnsdale The telegram scutes tlnit the first truahing with tht new plant has been miule 'J he stone operated upon was from a chum on the Bemm liner, and the .pie mliel return of To/ of smelted gold to tin« ton was obtained without calculating the gold from the toncentratts, which lina not jit been extraen d Hie piantis the moat complete in gold saving appliances in the tolony. Of course the best plant cannot ex trntl gold where it is not present, but this te.t indicates Hint the plant is working well, and it will no doubt he a ure it boon to the mulcra of Gippsland, where bo much reiruc i toij ore has to be dealt with I liullarnt was en /¡.te jesurdiv, uhen lim livtcllenc) the Governor und Lady Brassey 1 visited the goldfield s tit), und utre rtceived uith the most enthusiastic cordialil). The cit) waa gaily decorated with triuinphul urthes und lings of every variety, while h guard ol honour ol the loci! battuhon ot mutua mid an escort of the Mounted Milles I nil led to the brightnea» of the p egcant. At . the luncheon given li) the Inhibition com nuttee Ilia Lxccllency mude a weight) and comprehensive speech, m which he touch.ii upon all the questions of the hour - irora the dilficulty with the United btates to the problema of tnrifT reform, railuii) management, and. Australasian federation In the tvenmg Ilia Lxcellcncy and Lad) liraaat) attended ii concert nt the Inhibition buililing, which was crowded m every pirt J lu y staved for the night at Craig'a Hotel, and will return b) I the apt cuil train to du) Mr. ..milling, MbC, viaited Ballarat yeaterd.y with other members of Parlia, mont, travelling by the same special train na His 1 xtellenty the Governor, but taking a leaf outot the hook of his distinguished lellow melin o, Dr Jekyll, he changed Ina ldtntit) aeve ra) times between leaving Spencer street and reathing me ultímate bourne of all the truvellera, namely, the luncheon table of the l.-lub-tion committee At Hallan, na he ateppeel briakly out of tht Ministerial car with a cloth travelling cup on lim head, he met Ula L'xoelltncy the Goiernor, who waa ulso atretching his liga "Good day, Mr. Hancock," Bind Hm llxcellency genially, misled by the Bimilaruv in height and build between the member of tho Upper House and the people's tribune, and falling into the pardonable error more easily owing to the absence of his fellow passenger's customary silk hat. " When are you going to give us another of those charming songa of youra » liddell Lord Brassey, with a vivid recollection of the entertainment on board the Aramac. Hut Mr. 10mhhn¿, like the gentleman in lent)) son's poem, "amiling put the qmation bj." When the train ri ached Ballarat' another surprise was in store for him. As it dieiv up at the platform two mu) ora, a solid body of c!erg)inen of al) denomination», and several thouaunda of the mik and hie ot Ballarat citizens ¡locked towards the window of the Ministerial tur, expecting to see the Governor,"who was in another our further hack on the tram \\\ hi ii Mr. Lmbling, who had resumed Ina tall hat, op peured on the narrow platlorm ut the end of the carriage, the band struck up the National Anthem, and half a do/"ii illuminated ad- dresses were thrust oat io lum ut once He onlj escaped from making o Vite regal Bpecoh of thanks b) retiring hastily into the car and slamming the door violentlj. We mentioned recently the iaot that Hip Rev. Dr. Marshall, of Scots Church, had been approathed with a view to his trans lat ion to one« of the chief parishes of the Church of Scotland at Edinburgh. The communication stipulated, so it ia saul, that if on receipt of the overture Dr. Marshall did not cable "yes," the liegntne* would be uBsi.meil. And it will now be learned with general satisfaction that, however hopetnll) Edinburgh moy have ontitlpated the ntcept unce of the call, Dr. Marshall has not, and will not, emplo) the table to the end desired It uuiy he added in this connection that the usual servio.s at the Scots Church to morrow will ho conducteel bj Dr. M irshall, and thereafter lor a fen Snn.liijs the pulpit will | be supplied b) the lievs 'J'. Nesbit, J. I." Mutrue, and other leading clergymi n ot the I'resb)terian Church during the absente of Dr. Minshull in New /ealiiud, where he lind urranged to sptnd bia annual vacation, mid whithir he sails b) tht \N milora on Tuesda) next, returnim:, it is hoped, with health re covereel to his datiea ubout the end ok Januar). A lttttr from Mr. Bromlev, M L.A , as setretarj to the labour party in Parliament, waa nae! hat evening tit tilt* 'Iriidea hull Council, suggesting that workers should he asked to anbacnbe to the testimonial to Mr | Iremvith, M.L.A Mr. Burrett, M L A., the secretary to the council, stated that the I intention waa to present Mr. 1renwith| with ¿ODO prior to his depnrture tor Kngland More than half that sum had been subscribed alreaO), and it waa thought, in view ol Mr. Trenwith's services in the ciitisc* of Inborn mid protection, that workers gtnerall) Bhould begnell an opportunity ol totuributiii,* It mia decided lo refer Mr Biomli)'a letter to the executive committee. Mesara. J II Gregor), T Vf rggleaton, V.O. DulT), S Leon, H M'Donuld, and K A Moule have been appointed by the judges to be* numbera of the board ot ixainimra for 1 arristers and aobtitora to aerie during the«, mr-HUI« 'Hie board will, during the )eur lh'll), hold Initil examinations on the 3rd, 4th, ruh, und dth ot March : 5-h, bill, 7th, und bill May , Till, 8th, ilth, and 10th lui) , and ard, Ith, 6th, and dth ot November, and will meet for the purpose ot consult ring ttpphti tiona for ci minutes for a lumiury, Hist March, .lilli Ma), 1,7th July, 2kel September, and 2lrd iNmember in the | Supreme Court Librar) at J o'clock ia the afternoon Hie Chief Tuslice )iaterdny delivered a nserved illusion m tin eise ot KttcHtc awl Otherii h doutt, C \V Gha/mav A J' ¡lioiui II 11 Jamieson, and the t mfeti lit ullin Gold nitniuj Co Hie pluintitls John Kitcha 1 rancis 1* M (.rutii, John \t Gintli lind Ircderick Jlitelne une Hie , original owners oi the has. of ii nuning chum ni Gen Wills, uni the de lui ¡ilant, Cove It, iicted as their airmt ni disposing ot tin ktisc uni! in tin llotu lion ot the prisent Lintil Biothers Cold Mine It v as limit el Lythe delendiiiits Drown Chupmiin und lamil son, and tilt ' pliimtilla ullic,cil I mud igvmat tbem mil Coveuiutlt triinsiietiou Hit Clntl JuBtice I foun I lhut Govett li id leen quilty ot the' fruud ( hurled nyiinst lum as ae,uit oi the pluinlilla mi 1 apol e in ati ng terms respict ine. some ot iho actions ot lirovvti, Cbup mau und Jamieson ni the transaction Ile directed that Govett should account to tin pluintiila for a Binn of JL000, or lor certuin abures in the coinpuii) vv Inch ne n ceived from Hie definlnnts in lim oi the ioOO, and be directed that Brown, Phapimm, und Jamieson should repa) to the eotnpiiii) 1(400, vvliiob thi) ritinned when lloiituig tin couipnii), and also account to the compaii) for J GUO alinris paul up to 10s cudi, which Hie) also ritinned lor thcinsehta Hie (incalióos na tollu reined) tob nppliid to tin cisis ot fiaud, us mude by tin pltuiluii,a and the lind nii.3 of Ibe Chief Justice, were relerred b) lils Iliinour to the 1 nil Court leave to uppoil to the I'm) Council nMimsl tin di elsie ns oi the I nil Court m the casca ot J he Al c1 roi olitan Board of Works v J he Oft/ of Mell oui ne Bald, and ot the l'rnlirun Council v tile' «lime defendants, was Kiveii I y Mr Justice Hodges in the Supri mt Court jestcrdu) 'Hie Mctiop llltuu IJonrd of W orks had a sum of ¿7 bUO in llio bunk ullin it stoppet pay mint and the I'riibrnii council had i.,1,ID) 11s lud ni the annie institution. It vvns olniiued b) both plaintiffs thut the bunk bdd tlieir mom y on truat to forward It to London, and tht) bad not forwarded It 'ibu l'ail Court decided m favour ot *the plaintiffs, an 1 ordered the bank to repay the monos to them, uni the appeals were |ii-iinat tliOBe ditisions Mr \\\ strutted 1) Mesara Mallos« n Lnghind and Stewart appeau el yester lui an 1 movel on behalf of the haul for leave to appeal lo (he I Privy Council Mr Her ti 1 appeared for the Prahran Connell an 1 Mr Age, mstratt d b> MtssrB Iinl Best and Hall appeared tor the Metropolitan Morrel ot Worls In unexpetted delà) baa occurred m the departure of the tour masted clipper Aunt/on which was ready to proceed to sea on Thura day last, with a cargo of wool for London AUcr her arrival here from New York the Amazon was chartered by C W Baxter and Company to load wool for London, the loud mg to commenu. on October 1 Possession, of the vessel for loading purposes was given however, on September 0 but the work is aaid tu have gone on fitlullj, and when the loading tlaya nneler the charter party were ex pire 1, the »hip was placed on demurrage Hie charterers it ia alleged declined to lo id the vessel under the turns of the charter Dany and Captain Christie master ot tin ve sail, nolihed them that he would take tht vtsatl into his own bunds and toinplett tht loading himself On 1 bundi) however, when she was re ii) lira u Oipmin Christit »as served by the thurttrtrs with it writ dunning Li 000 elumngcs for 1 r nell of con tract Mr Justice 11 >d_.es granted a writ ot capia-i against Cant im C hristit on I hura la), mil be waa arrested I ut ni s liberated yester du) morning us the writ was wrongly issued in the name of L Vf inner and Co in stead of in t!r> name of itatbtl Baxter trilling as C YV Baxter and Co Later on in the due, howeier, tht Chief Justice on the application ok Mr Col Ilium grunted un temi,mied writ of ca¡ ices to hold Captain Christie to bull pending tin action I tit first unnuul Christmas piradc of cyclists will take plac to morrow after noon at Christ Cliur-h South Karra Messrs Dean and Smith the honorarj seer tunes have ma le el iboratt arrangements, an 1 given line weather overa thousand oclista with their machines are expected to take part Uley will muster at I'nntc a bridge between hall past 2 and 10 inmates to 3 p m , and will rule to the church, atarting punttu ill) at 3 o dock iht racing triplet will lead tht way, followed by Messrs Marten Porta Harris anil otner visiting rating men lhen will come the lad) rulers tnnetcais and members of tluls nhill tituttuthed ridtrs will lorm th. rear guarí Iheseriitt which has been apttiall) arringc-1 I) tin. Kui Canon lutker will tomín, nee st hall past S oclotk, and tht collettiun is to be elcvotedi lo the endowment ot at) dist a bed ut the Melbourne Hospital j No fewer than twenty three events ure in tin 1 d in the pro-mmme of the Zimmerman C)chng C rimal which will bt ht Id at the Lxlubitioa Oval this nlternoon and evening the initial race, the Mill Open Hmtlicap being timed for halt past 2 o clock lhere are 14 rilera in the Iuvitntion Scratch con test including the worlds champion the Australian champion and Marten Porta Busst, Walker, kellow 1 ither and Iredale while eight first class men have entered for tht international Scratch Hate During the carnival Zimmerman will attempt to loner the quarter an 1 half mile records pite lb) a triplet» 1 he mnioritt of the trucks will ulso rule in the one nnd two mile bun licnps 1 he champions are in first chius form, and as i o effort has been apareel b) the atcreuir), Mr Gedelea, to perfect the general arrangements an exctlientuftirnoun and evenings rating] is lil ely to bt turmshed Aa tht asaumntts which Lord Sahabur) and Mr Chamberlain rtcentl) gave the Aus tullian Governments (wntea our London corresponelent) have not alhi)ed the fetlnig of ni irm th it 1 ranee is aecretly taking measures to strengthen kier hold over tht New Hebridis troup with a view to ultímate annexation the Agent General for \ letona inti nds shortly to nu un set the Secretar) of State for the Colimes on thesubjict He will bring undi r Mr Cliainb riama notite vario is. suspicious points tv tilth lune not escipcl olservnttoii in Austral! i, and e special!) the grav e reason tin re ia to believe th it the 1 re nth are aetthng peasantry in the lal inda iii order to tonfront Britain with a claim baaed upon preponderance of 1 rench in cresta Mr Gillies will certain]) niipnss upon the UritiH.li Government that Australia will niver consent to Frimte acquiring the islands Mi Gillies (writes our London carrespon dent) has literally fallen amon/st thieves A waiter got aectss to our Agent General's chambers in Ji rm)n stn et and stole articles to the value ot ijO, for vv Inch be has received a sentence ot four) ears' penal servitude. '1 he report )m again obtained ciirreue) (a'i)s our London corr, spondent under elate No- vember 15) that the Duke and Duchess of York contcnip'ate visiting the Australasian colonies next autumn at the «lose of the London season '1 bat tiny are both anxious tomiikesueh u visit mu) he admittid, but the health of the Duchess at present precludes the idea, and it should not be oveilooked that i lie Princess ol Wales made no extendí d tour during the lirst live) ears of her married lue Mr Chiiinbtrlam would gladly pn mole a rovat tour in the colonna, but we have it on the best authority that there is no present vv arrant lor the statement ri ti rred to ubov e We have received a cop) of "atxBOnga," published bj îvovdlo, 1 wer, and Co in p implilet form, win rein Mr Loma Lnvater, ot thisoit), baa-following in more respects than one the example of Schumann-set to music the words ot linne, translated into 1 nijish b) Mr L A Howrmg and b) lum sell. The six little poems nre entitled "A Wish,' "Mu) Son/, ' 1 hou rt Like a 'lender blossom, ' "bong of the 'lullars Ghost,'" lo the Stars," and "'Hie Land of Uri ama Although Mr Lnvater was known before to possisa cotisi lerable musical nbilit), these nonga, it tnu-,t be conteasid, come rather as a surprise, for m "Ibu Wiall,' wherein the composir has imitated Schumann ly ending with an unsolved discoid (this tun'n chord of tin ninth), the bright BUiiBliiuy " Ma) Song,' the tinderry ixpnssed "Du bist vue pine blame," tin i.niunt humour ot the 1 allora Ghost song, and the flowing mi lod) of " 'I he Land of Dreams," ther» is an oric,mnht), combined tit times with subtle elnvrui, that shows Mr Luviiter to have ideas of lus own und n manner ol expressing them which uugur well lor his futun ns a composer I or an opus 1 tin se " Bix songs, ' though cont lining one or two rather crude proL,n sions, ure most pronii.ui).-, an 1 Mr Launer uni) be advise I io conduin in lue i ourse lhut lins been bo auspicious!) comnienci I I be Com t of Munni lni|iiiry)esterdii) held an investi ¡.tuan into ii chargeot misconduct | brought naumai losi ph Orr, lir-* ciil,hiu r of j the atetimabip Woilun"i in not obey ins tin ordeia telegraphed Iroiu the. budi.c on the , Kith November, whereby the vessel carne into tolhsion with the stt unship I xcelsior m lit river Yarra Trim tht ividenc" it up p nnd that the I xtelsior waa noored on iht north aide of th uppT swtngmg basin when the Wodonga left the north side ot the ejnecn a W liarf I lu musk r of Hit \i odonga i alleged tint upo i his veustl el tering tht 'upper snint'iiig luesin a line was run awa) .rim the atari oard bow toa po,t to nsiist tilt vessel in swmgini' an 1 tht engine.) wert I vvorl». 1 ahead nnel astern is occusion de I mauded until the swiii"in" 'ino iv is lending i a little ahealon the peart bo» when it was .lit go At tina time the ships sttrn was pointing towards the slarboar 1 amidships of I the Lxcel8ior and the ne_,t order he Igavo after slow astern' was "huit speed ahead and the helm " hurd a port, ' Afte r giving the oreler he saw that the vessel was g ithcring stornway, and npon looking at the wash from tin propeller he saw that tht encinta were working astern He at once called the attention of tht third mitt to this met, and immediately ordered the engines ' lull sp ed ah>*ad," but before the vessel could gather headway, she collided with the 1 xcelBior, both vessels receiving damage Hie (¡rat engineer admitted hav mr received the order "halt speed ahead after "slow nsterii, but maintained that he had not male un> mistakt vvíth the engines hide pen li nt evidence tended to show that the engine a were working nstern some little time previous to the collision, and that the) were not reversed until just nt the moment the collision occurred 'Hie Court found that the cb irgt lind been maintained, though thcic hud been no gross misconduct, and beende, cautioning the brat engineer to lie more tare ful in the future, ordered lum to pm £7 7° costa Hie Court consistid of Mr Panton, P M , with Captain Gourle) and Mr Dunbar (assessors) the defendant waa re presented hy Mr Croker An interesting meeting was held yester lu) afternoon in the hall attached to the linv Dr BtviinsChurth About SOO of the poor clul Ititi of the tity viere githeiUl'ttogv-Ciitri from Mi"S Sutherlands charges and Hie' children of tin, missions m connection With thtlnlepend n'rhurth Hit jumorsoewty ot Christian 1 »dcivotir iii connection with the Maliern Congrí gational Church had prepirc,d a Christ maa tree with gills for the thildfvïi|l A ph isnnt afternoon was ispent and -lui tlulditn leit al about half past five, erypii being prisenteel v it'll a bouquet and a bncrnt lollies Hie l'ei I G Tonta, of MalveFríJ preside 1, an 1 about Bl) members of the Christian 1 n leavnur Sotiet) assisted in d13 tributlii., th gifts Hie followiiif tenders have been accepted b) the Hallway department -Painting Rta non bud lin.a on the Caulfield lind Mor ballot line We edon und Barber ¿301 11s L¡\ toiiatriiction and irection of ateelnork sunerstriicture for renewal ol bridges ut Da Uei sire i M Ferguson, i.8 110 is 7d uipply ot IO') tons ol firewood for Gi elong Iilin Holloway 2s Gi per ton (delivered at Woniiibcti ), 178 tons of firewood for Birre gurra, J Hurst 3s ti I per ton (delivered at llirwon Downs), ISO lons of firewood fpr »Meredith, I Mugrci, 2s lOd per ton (de liveredut Yindon) The act on for libel which was being brought by Mrs Katrine Castle against the General Assembly) ol the Presbyterian Church has now been settled by Professor Harper, the convenor of the neglected children's com- mittee and the framer of the report contain- ing the alleged libel, paying the plaintiff's coats and writing her solicitors, Messrs. Strongman and Crouch, the following letter -' Assembly hall, Dec 17, 1895- in regard to the statement in my report on neglected children submitted to the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church, which I referred to a child received from Mrs Castle, I wish to sy that I was misinformed as to the facts. Had I known them as I now know them I would nor have made the statement com- plained of, and I withdraw any imputation the words may have contained reflecting upon your client as a guardian of clildren - I remain yours faithfully, A Harper Mr M L Hutchinson s colhction of Christiana curda, calendars, A.c., ia extr< mt l> choice and elegant and marked by freshness and origtnuhtj of dca it: n Hie large coloured picture portraits of children nre ho Rood n3 to runic as works ot urr, and some ot the démens tn relief are particularly striking and elec- tive Hie sraal 1er cards an infinitely wirud, and tho«o ol a devotional character ure tsptciullj adapts I to the season Arnon,; seasonable publications we have tin Christmas number of E W Cole's Ans ti alian AhMCal Alatazme the table ol con tents including "Molli y ltilej " ipabli-.hei bj arrangement with the owners of the copv right), ' Love's Labour," "Watching and Dreaming,' and othtr popular soups Mr Cole also publishes Afuste or the Amntali, comprising 50 luvuorite pianoforte pieces, Hones, and dunci s (old und new] illustrating birds, beast*, li alus, nnl insects Ue have receive! £3 3a. from O H for dtstribu Uon a» follows - Iienovoknt A«.j lum, Austin Hospital, mid Immigrants Homo, £l Is, cat lu Through Mes r* \\\ anil 0 Dean wa have received M A Widow a Milu In tho shape of 10s each for tho Bene vole nt As) lum and jiniuigrauta* Home lu response to the Uhristmas appeal for Su Joseph a Home burro Ililli) we havo received tho following suma -Mr John Sinnott, 1'rahran, 10s Monslj,nor OHca, Colmrjf 10s , "A vMnow,' Dandenong öi., Mr W J \ ance, Moon?o Ponds, lfls CU A donation o( £1 ha* heen forwarded iib bj K W to bo divided between fat Jo*tph'* Homo, Surrej Hills and bt Vincent do I'aul* Society (mens h ranch) 1 rom 0 A A mo havo received ¿1 os a Christ nins chantai It donation It will be divided between the Infant As* lum and I m miß rai its Homo Tht hoi i o rim nee re ton of tho Immigrants' Home desire}» to ackuowle lue tho following con tribu tiona to the Merrin Christmas Fund -b M Mojri, £6, tames Crahnni, £2 2s , Mrs. ltlj.g, illB , O T John son ilH.T Tv son, £1 Is, a Ame*s, £t, Win levers, JL1, Eil Ü, £1, 1 is. Walker. £1, 0 J Cox, 10s , V li Nihill, IO«. M The secretary of tho O! I Colonists' Association détins ro acknowledge, with than ka, the following donations -To \ hrlstmas Treat Hind-Mr J U Currie, £5 , Mr J Graham £2 2s , Mrs Townshend, Smierville £1 1b, the Mayor of South Mtlbourne (Mr I» A Madden) £1 I* , Mtssr? Paterson, bauig, and liruce, £1 , Mr and Mrs T Smith, Geo ree utreet, ritzroj, 10s Cd each To Gtneral Fund Mes,ra \V. U. Held and II harlbuu», £1 Is taoli \\\ o have received the Autttralatian Insurance ami Banking Mccord for December from tho publiait», Mtssr» M Carron, III ni, and co In tho University results published vestenlav, William M Pherson .Smith. Drat j ear mint, 1'erov Bloomfield bt ewart third year med , and Holaud Gnham second year ort. clerk» should have had ' irfnllv College 'marked after their names lu the pass lista, trank Herbert Geiuii «asalso mentioned in error as belonging to Trhiltj Colleco Instead of to Queen'* George and Ge^rgo limited announco that their Christmas carnival wilt be open to da\ until half past li p m Punch and Judr, marionettes, tin I other at traitions will he piovidL 1 during the afternoon and oveiihu To nr ivent un ino cnishlns. ndmlnslon will he hv coupon Hol et-« to be had at the door, tho value for whloh will bt txturned lu goods of any descrlp tion lusilo The vacht Sunbeam will bo open for inspection lu the Williamstown dock * ard on lloxlng P»j The prm ords of the »mall charle made for admisión ate to bo devoted to the funds of the local hospital Messrs I'leasanec and Graham am ounce a Raia to dftj at (heir rooms of a special collection of flowers, plants, shrubs, rose* and Christmas trees An Aiinoutvccmvnt appears el&ew; litre rcspecllnjr a musical festival to he held in bt, bllas* Church, Albert pirk, on Mondav evening The presentation of prlxcs to Iho «nceefsfnl ttudentsal theltoval IlorilcmlturaU ardens, Ihirnlej., will bo ni ide -vt half past- J p in on Mondaj A Karden party and concert In connection with trro1 Union Memorial Church (Presbjterian) waa heldoht the manse (.rounds, îtorlh Melliourne, on Thuretlav tvenlnir It was opened hv the majore«, Mrs *ir J-o^attv* whom thu Itav A J P. ado, tho pastor, lu' iroiluccd to thosu present The nmvor adtrc* cdtft few wotds to tho gathering afar which mu ft, ventriloquism tableaux, and other moins of ruVek Mo» flUe i up the tuning . l|j lu the new "Moil ut the Convalescent calta«, Hol; rood street IhLhton Iltich in ootihecttoii trun the Sick Uiil tren h Hospital, an entertainment and ( hrlstmastrct will U then to the little inmates on Saturdav, Mh în**t M Unn, will bo wtloomo A murtc.il me" tarnt* followed bv an operetta "Merrie Christmas jriven bj the ilnnnlnctrte rtnd teliool thlldr ii if Hiwthorn drew a crowded houso at tho Hawthorn Town hill on 3°th Dccwnbor Hil locil lourd of ulvlra superintended all I ho urnm-en etiH und Mr h 1m lilli Kithraototlk con ducted the pnpran me Mi« Green and Mt UuveH h 1 dancing reniesmtatlvrs who performed, Mrs Uoubikina pupus KtVAan e\hlHtlou of club bvv liter Iii, Mr LauVa retitition iIbfn jfuve a tonccrtwt jiUce, and Mr I rank Hills orchestra n'iMed tho pirfonicis Tito tmjor cnlmtiincd tho tevlicra au J | trformcrs at tht conclusion, and Mr 1 \\\ dker, i hih man of th» Uanl of ndvito than) ed nil tho e who I a I tal tn \ art f.) ct iallv mentioning Miss Papo nt d Mesáis Hill und M CrtLor Mi hnatd ovprul to m i a lint (home kuin for ptl/o monoj eui U.l out como of the alïaii _ IO DAY'S AVANCEMENTS C. olíais Cnriilin! nt th" I xlnhition bmldiu,', nltiriiooii mid eli mu ' Molbourni' I isti 1 If I Cunurt lind Pistrihu lion ot I'n/i i loi n hull, s p m ]ior Spurting I utui ", nee ^poriniR Columns Auction bilea -''ee Abatiuct, pu' .' SUNDAY C. chats Church Pani li Christ Church, boutli \urru lunule, I pin , Sirnci, I II) p m 1 or Church S nie " < *-(i pisnij 