TALES AND SKETCHES. SONS OF FIRE. By MiSS BUADDON, Author ov " Ladt Audlky's Skciiet," " Tiie \- Fatal < Tiuikr," " Tub Day Will Cojik," "The Dootoh's Wife," "Tilou Art the . :.,MAH,T"&a; : " all rights resbrved. ' Chapter. IJT.Ih' the' All' Golden ' J; AFTERNOON. ' f' ' Th. ball door itood wide open to the sunlight, . sulHoiently guarded by that splendid brute, the St. Bernard. A middle agod footman In the sober Wornook livarjr imuiu no miv nuuuu vt . mis yuu, i>nw oh Betuardwatohiug the visitor with grAva but friemliyreye, and evidently parfeelly aware of his respectability. . Mrs. Wornook was at homo. Tho servant led the way ton corridor which opened out of tho hall, and at tho end of this oorridor, like Vau- dyke's famous portrait of CharUs tho First at Warwick Castle, tho full lsngth portrait of a young roan in a huutiug coat looked Allan Garow in the faoe. In spite of oil ho had been told about his likoiie<«s to tho owner of Disoombo, tho sight of that frank young faoe looking at him uiidor tho bright white light fairly startled bitn. For the moment it seemed to liim as if he bad seen, bis own reflection in a ohoval glass ; but as ho draw nearer the c&uvas; the likeness lessoned, the difference in the features cams out, «ud ho saw that the resemblance was less a likeness than a rominiseenoe. Distance was needed to make tho Illusion, and ho could understand now why his now friends of tho hunting Hold should have taken him for Wornook on that first morning when he rodo up to tbcm as a stranger. Tho portrait was by Millals, painted with as muoh brio and vigor as tho better known pioturo of tho young Marchionepo of Huutley. Mr. Wornook was standing in an old stono doorway, leaning In an easy attitude ag&inst-the; deep arch of the door, hunting orop, oigar case and hat on a table in the background, standing whero he had stood on many a winter morning, waiting for his horse. There was a skylight over this end of the oorridor, and the portrait of the mastor of tho houao shone out brilliantly under tho olear top light. The footman stooped within » few paces of the portrait, opened n low, old fashioned door, and ushered Mr. Carow into a spacious room, at tho further end of wiiioh a lady was sitting by an open window, beyond which he saw the long vista of an Italian garden, oy press avenue, where statues wero gleaming here and thero in the sun shine. There was a grand piano on one side of the room, an organ on the other j books filled every recess. This spaoious apartment was evidently musiaroom and library rather than drawingroom, and here amidst books and music, lived tho lonely lady of the house. She oame to meet him with a friendly smile ob be advanced into tho room, holding out her i hand. " " It is vsrv good of yon to come so soon," she said, In her low, muiioal voice. "I wanted so muoh to see you— know you, Yes, you aro vory like him. One of those accidental likenesses which are so common, and yet scorn so strange. My husband had a friend who was murdered because he was like Sir Robert Psel ; but my son Is not a public man, end be has no euemies. You will run no risks on account of your likeness to him." "I am grateful to the likeness which has given mc the honor of knowing Mm. Wornock," said Allan, taking the soat to whioh she motioned him, as she resumed her low chair by the window. M Indeed, you havo no reason. I am a very stupid person. I go nowhere, I see very few people; and the people I do see are people whom you would think uuwoitby of your interest." Not if you arc interested in them. They can not be unworthy." " Oh, I am easily interested ! I like strango people. I like to boliovo strange things Your friend, Mrs. Mornington, will tell you that I am ft foolish person." 14 You havo seen Mrs. Mornington lately ?" questioned Allan. " Yes ; sho was here yesterday afternoon. Sho is always bright and amusing, and I always feel particularly stupid in her sooiety. Sho talked of you, but I did not tell her I wanted to make your acquaintance. Sho would havo offered to make a luncheon party for mo to moot you— or something dreadful of that kind," "You havo a groat dislike to oooiaty, Mrs. Wornook?" ho asked, keenly interested. Her mauner was so fresh and simple, almost , ohildlike in its oonfidlng candour, and her appearanoo was no less interesting than her roanuer. It is tho fashion of our day for women of fivo and forty to look young, ovon to girlishueas ; but most women of fivo and forty are considerably indebted to modern art for tlmt advantage. Here thoro was no art, Tho pale, clear fairness of tho complexion owed nothing to the purfumer's pallotte. No poudre das fses blanched tho delicate brow ; no rose d'amour flushed the cheek ; no oau de Medeo brightened tho large violet eyev. The linos winch thought and sorrow haddrawn upon the fair brow wero undisguised, and in tho soft, palo gold of tho hair thero wero threads of silver. Tho youtbfulness of the face was in its coloring and expression — tho complexion so delicately fair, the countenanoo of a woman to whom tho conventionalities and jargon of modern lifo Were uttorly unknown. . " You saw my son's portrait in tho oorridor?" Bold Mrs. Wornook. "Yes. It Bfcruok my untutored eyo an avery fine picture— almost as powerful as the Glad- stone snd the Salisbury, which I remember in the Millais collrotian at the Grosvenor." "liutaufur tho likeness to. yourself now— did that striko you as foroibly as it has struck other people.?"/ " I confess that as I stood in tho hall I was inolincd to exalaim, 1 That is I or my brother !' But as I.oamo ncaror tho pioturo I saw thero was a considerable diversity. To begin witb, your son is muoh handsomer than 1." . M The drawing of bis features maybe more oorrect, but you aro quite handsome enough," she answered, with her pretty friendly air, as. if sho had boon his aunt. "And your faco is more strongly marked than his, just as your voioe is stronger and deeper," sho added, with a sigh. "Your son in not an invalid, I hope?" "An invalid! No. But he is not very strong. Ho . could not play football. Ho hated evon cricket Ho is pasidonatoly fond of liorsos, and an Ardent sportsman ; but he oan bo sadly idle. He likes to lie about in tho sunshine, reading or dreaming.. I fear he is a droamer, like his mother. ; .. . " He is not like you, In person." . "No."- , "Ho is like his father, no donbt" "You will see his father' piotnre, and you oan judgo for yourself Well we/nre to bo friends, are wo not, Mr. Carew? Anil you will come to 8oo:mQ .sometimes; and if you over have any Uttle troubles whioh can bo lightened by a woman's sympathy, you will como and oonlldo them to mo, I hope." "It will ba very sweet to be allowed to con fide In so kind-trtijlpriTgaid 'Allan. . "My-sorf wiU ibe/hpjnofwQiia long.leavo be fore the.oud'ofthe'yer/amiI want.you to make him .your friend.- HoAsNrory amiable," again with a suppi&sad; sigh-yfWStoine, now it is your turn tfc'o toll .trip sompthlnjMmit yoursolf. This room,te)!a you all Lbj/pris aifcuntne." "It teils me you are vor/.fondlof minic." "IJive for It. HiyoJiaa bom ifty companion and cbnsolcr a lFmydif ?! ft a riX. y ; ."And I hope yoUwUtjJqSiao'uoar you play again someday." ; "Again?> Ab, I. forgot I Yoq were in the ohurohyardlast Sunday while I was playiug. Did you listen?" "As long as you played. I was under tho open window most of tho time." " You are fond of organ mania ?" . "As fond as an ignorant man maybe. Iknow nnlhinfr nf tho niilifclntiAH nf mttairt. T Iiava havop been educated up to Wagner orDvotiik. - I love the familiar voices— Mozartr Beethoven, Verdi, Gounod, Auber oven, and I adore our English mnster of melody, Sullivan. Doos that shook you?" "Not at all. I will play hiH cantata for you somoday. If you lmve nothing better to do with your time this afternoon, I should like to show you my garden." "I shall be onohanted. - 1 am. enchanted already with that long straight walk, thoso walla ofoypreBs and yew, that peaouok sunning his emerald and sapphire yonder by the dial. In suoh a garden did Beatrice hide when Hero and her ladies talked of Benedick's passion, in suoh ft garden did Jessica and Lorenzo loiter under.tho moonlight." " I see you Iovo your Shnkapeare." " As interpreted by Irving and Ellen Terry. The Lyceum was the sohool in which I learnt to love tho bard. At Eton examination in Richard the Second only prejudiced mo against him." " Mr. Wornock was a groat Shaksptarian." They wero in tho garden by this time— DAuntering with slow footsteps along, the level stretch of turf on one side of tho broad gravel walk. At the end of tho oypress avenue thero was a scmi- circular recess, shut in by a nunod bank, and a wall of clipped yew, in which, at regular intervals, there were statues in dark greon niches. " Mr. Wornook brought tho statues from Homo wben he was a young man. The gardens wereiaid out by his grandfather nearly a contury ago," explained Mrs. Wornook. Allan noticed that she spoke of lier husband generally as "Mr. Wornook." "That amphitheatre reminds mo a little of the Boholi gardens," said Allan ; "but tboro Is a penoefulness aboutthis solitude whioh no State garden can have," Throe peaoooks were spreading their rainbow plumago on the long lawns between the house and the amphitheatre, and .ono less gorgeous but more ethereal, ft bird of dazzling- white ness, was perched on an angle, of tho oypress wall. The lady and her companion strolled to the end of tho lawn, and crossed the amphitheatre to a stone temple, open on the sido fronting tho 8onthweitern sun, and spacious , enough to ac commodate a dozen peoplo. "If you had a garden piny, how delightfully this tcmplo would serve for a oentral point in your stage," said Allan admiringly. "People have asked me to lend them tho gsrdeun for a play— Twelfth Night, or Muoh Ado About Nothing; but I have always said no I should hate to see a crowd in this dear old garden." " Yet there are people who would think such a placo as this created on purposo for garden partiea, and who would desire nothing better than a crowd of smart people." Mrs. Wornook shuddered at the mention of smart people. "A party of that kind would be misery for me," she said ; "and now toll me about your self and your relation'. Mrs. Mornington told me that your father and mother aro both living, and that you inherited Beeohhurst from your uncle. I remember seeing Admiral Damleigh yoars and yoars ago, when everything at Dis oombo and at Matcham was now to me. It must be sad for your mother to loae you from her own home." "My mother is not given to sadness," Allan answorod smiling. "She is the best And kindest of mothers, and I know sho love mo as dearly as any son need desire ; but sho is quite resigned to my having my own homo and my own inter ests. She would argue, perhaps, that wero I to marry I must have a houRo of my own, and that my establishment at'Boeohhurst is only a littlo premature." " You are vory much attaohed to your mother." "Very muoh— and to my father." " Your tono an you say those words tells mo that your father is the dsarer of the two." " Yon have a quick ear for shades of meaning, Mrs. Wornook." " Pray do not think mo impertinent. I am not questioning you oat of idle curiosity. If we are to bo friends in the future, I must know and understand something of your lifo and your mind. But perhaps I bore you— perhaps you think mo botu cccentrio and impertinent." " My doar Mis. Wornook, I am deeply touohed that you should offer to be my friend. Be assurod I have no reserve, and am willing— possibly too willing— to talk of myself and my own peoplo. I havo no dark corners in my life. My history is all open country— nn uninterest ing landscape enough. But thore Is no diffioult going — there aro no bogs or risky bits over which tho inquiring spirit need skim lightly. Your oar did not decoivo you just now. Fondly an I lovo my mother, I will freoly con fess that the bond that draws mo to my father is tho stronger bond. Iu the parrot jargon of tho duy, his is. the more interesting per sonality.' Ho is a man of powerful intollcot, whose mind has done nothing for tho good of tho world— who will dio unbouored and unromem- berod save in the narrow circle of his personal i friends. This is one question I have asked 1 myself about him ever since I was old enough to think— a question which I first asked myself when I began to read clonics with him in my sohool vacations, and whioh I had not finished asking myself whou hie uutiring holp had on- abled mo to tako a first clans in the Honor School. To mo it has always been a mystery that a man of wido attainments and finanoial indopondunoe should have been uttorly destitute of ambition. My father was a young mau when be married ; be is itill in the prime of life ; and : for six and twenty years lie lias been content to vegetate iu Suffolk, and has regarded his annual visit to London as more of an afllietion than a relief. I Iiato told myself again and again that my father's life must have boon shadowed by eomo great sorrow before his marriago, young as lie was when he married." Mrs. Wornock listened Intently, hor head slightly bent, her clasped hands resting on hor knee, her sensitive lips slightly partod. Yon say that your father married young," she said, after a brief silence, in wbioh she Boomed to bo thinking over his words. "What do you call young in such a oase?" V My father was not three and twenty whon Ira married — two years younger than I am at this present hour— nnd yot the idea of matri mony has never shaped itself in my mind. - But you must not infor from anything I havo said that my father's has beon an unhappy marriage. On the contrary, ho is devoted to my mother, and she tohim. I cannot imagine a better as sorted couple. Each supplies the qualities wanting in the other. - She is All movement, impulse, and spontaneousness. He is calm and meditative, with depths of thought and feeling which no one has sounded. They aro perfectly happy ns husband aud wife. But there is a Bhnde of mslanoholy that steals ovsr my father in quiet, unoocupicd hours, whioh indicates a sorrow or a disappointment in the past. I have taken it to mean an unhappy love affair. I may be utterly wrong, and tho shadow may be east by a disappointed ambition. It is not unlikely that a rpan of- powerful intollcct and lymphatic temperament should fed that ho had wasted opportunities, and failed in life. It is quite cany to imagine tho ambition without tbe energy, tonchive." She made no comment upon this phut Allan could see in her eager countenauco that sho was intenadv intnrcsteiK . "Is your mother beautiful?" she asked, timidly... ; It seemed, a foolish and f utile question ; and it . jarrod upon that serious thought of his parents whioh had been inspired by her previous qaoitioning. - But, after all, it was ft natural question for .a woraau to ask, and ho smiled as he answered — " No, my mothor is not beautiful. I am nob guilty of treason as a aou if Ieonfsss tbatslie Is plain, since she herself would be tho first to tnke offcnco at any sophistifioation of the truth. She imi never set up for being othor than she is. She has a : fine countenance and a fine figure, straight ns a dart, with a waist which a girl might acknowledge without a blush. Sho dresses with admirable teste, and always looks well, after her own fashion, exclusive of beauti ful features or brillisut coloring. She is what women oatl stylish, and men distinguished. I am as proud as I am fond of her." "Will she come to see you in your new home?" "Most assuredly ray mother, will pay me a visit before the summer is over, nnd I shall bo charmed to bring yon and hor together." "And your father? Wll not he come?" "I don't know Ho is verydilfioult to move. He is like tho liohen on tbe old stone walls at home. He takes no particular interest in chairs and tables; he would care not a fig for my new surroundings. Bcsidan, he saw Beocb hurst years ago, as a visitor to his wife's brother. He has no curiosity to bring Uim here ; and as for hU son, he knowa Uo has only to want mo for mo to be at hiafcide." . After this thero came a silence. Certainly Mis. Wornock was not gifted ns a conver sationalist. Sho sat looking straight beforo hor at the long perspective of lawn and oypress, broad gravol walk and narrow grass plots, all verging to a point at which the old house rose square and grey, crowned with cupola and bell. The penoncku strutted slowly along the narrow lawn. The waters of a fountain flashed in the warm sunlight. It was a garden that recalled Tivoli, or that old grave garden of tho Vatican, with its long lovol walks and prim flower beds, la which tho Holy Father takes his restricted airing. In tho Vatioan pleasuro groutuL there are peaoooks and dipped hedges, and smooth greensward, and formal oypress avenues,, and quaiut arbors ; but . the hum of Rome, the ,cohooii'of the Papal Barrack, tho rush of tbe Tiber are near, and not even- in that antique gardon oan there be this summer silence, ilottoc as profound as in tho onohanted isle where it seemed always afternoon. "Tell me more about, yourself, your ohild- hood, . your youth," Mrs. Wornock asked suddenly, with an air of agitated impatience which took Allan by surpise. Mr?. Mornington had prepared him for a cer tain eccontricity in the lonoly lady of Discombe, but the strangeness of her manner was even more than lie bad expected. "Thero is very little to tell about my own life," he rniid. "I havo lived at home for tho most part oxcept when I was at Eton and Gam- bridge. My father helped me in all my studies. I never had any other tutor excopt at tho Uni versity. My homo life wae of tha quietest. Fendyko is 20 miles from Cambridge, but it seems at tbo end of tbo world. Tho single lino of rail that loads to it oomes to a full stop. Tho terminus stands in tbo midst of a Dutch landscape — level fields divided by shallow dykes, a river so straight that it might as well be a canal, water mills, pollarded willows, straight clonn roads nnd flno old Norman churchco, largo enough for a city, no Sunday trains, and not many on lawful days. A neat littlo town, with decent shops, and oomfortablo inns, and a mar ket wbioh only awakens from a Pompeian slumber for an hour or two on Fridays. A land of rest and plenty, pioturesqne cottages and trim oottage gardens, nn air of prosperity whioh I boliove Is real. So ranch for our town and surroundings. For tho family mamaou pioturo to yourself a long low houue, built partly of brick and partly of wood, with ohimney stacks that contain brioirs onough for the building of respeotablo houses, and whioh have defied tho gales Bweoplng down from the Ural mountains — there is nothing, mark ynu, between Fendyko and the Urals — ever since Queen Eliznboth was young enough to paoo a pa van." "You must bo fond of An old houso like that." "Yob, I am very fond of Fendyke. I oven love the surrounding country, though I can but wish Nature had not ironed the landicapo with her mammoth iron. She might havo loft us a few ereascs, a wrinkled meadow here and there." " I have hoard that peoplo born in Norfolk and Suffolk havF an innate antipathy to bills." "That may be. Indeed, I have noticed in the East Angliaus a kind of atubborn pride in tho flatness of their soil. But I havo not that perverted prldo in uglincBB, siuco I wns not born in Suffolk." "Indeod I " "No. My father lived in Sussex— at Hay- ward's neath— at tbe time of his marriage, aud for half a dozen years after my birth. Fendyko. I como to him from ills maternal , grandfather, I who loft tho estate to his daughter and heiress, and to her son after her, who was to assume tho name and arras of Carew when lie suooecded to tbo property. My father's uamo was Berea- ford." There was no reply— no fnrthor questioning on Mrs. Wurnoolc's part — and for some miuutes Allan abandoned himself to the dreamy silence of tho Rceno, content to watoh the peaoooks on tho lawn, and to listen to the splash of the fountains. Then suddenly tho silence surprised him, and ho turned to look at his companion. Her bead bad fallon back against tho wall of tho summor ho ise, her eyes were cloned and her faoe was whito ns deAth. She was in a doad faint ; and they wero at least a quarter of a mile from the houso. Tho situation was awkward for Allan, though thero wqh nothing in bo simple a matter as a fainting fit to surprise him. He know that there are women who faint at the smallest pro vocation, in a crowded room, in the sunshine, at churoh, anywhere. Hare tho sunshine was perhaps to blamo ; that dolicious pure suulight in which lie had been basking. He gavo a long Australian coo-ee, long onough and loud enough to have brought help in the wilderness, and assuredly calculated to attract eomo gardener at work within call. Then he bethought himself of the fountains, and ran to got some water in his hat. - At tho first dash of water, Mrs. Wornook opened her eyes, with a light sobbing sigh, and lookod at him as if wondering who and what ho was. " I knew he would have answered my prayer," sho mnrmured," brokenly, "spirit to spirit, ghost to ghost." It seemed a worse kind of faint than Allan had supposod, for now her mind was wauder- ing. . "I fear the suu was too warm for yon," he said, standing before her in painful embarrass ment, half expecting sorao indication of absolute lunsoy. " Yes, yes, it was tbo san," she answored ner vously. " The glare is so strong this afternoon ; but this summer houso is shadoiess. I must go bnok to the house. It was very foolish of me to faint, I am no sorry. I hopoyou won't con sider mo a very silly person. " "My dear Mrs. Wornook, I have .never beard ihfcfc n. fninllno flfc nn A wnrm Mmnmrtr nfturtinnn is . sign o( uillinoKSi" "No, it is a thing one ennnot h.lp, can one? But it must have been so unpleasant for you, Ab, here is one of the gardeners," as a man omno hurrying towards hor, with a scared countenanoe. "There is nothing- the matter, Henry. I am quite well now. Mr. Carew, and I oan walk back to the house. And so - your father's original name was Beresford. Does ho oail himself Berosford-Carew?'1 \- " Yes, in ail-important doouments ; but he ia & man too careless of forme to trouble himself about tbo first name, and it has fallen into dis use for the moat part, Oarew being the name of honor in our oounty. Ho is known at Fondyke and in theneighborhood simply as Squiro Carew. I sign myself Beresford-Oarow sometimes, wiien I want to distinguish myself from tho numerous olan of Ourews iu Devonshire and elsewhere. Will you take my arm to go b&ok; to the house." "Yes," timidly and faintly, " I shall be very gl&d.of; your support." She put her email white hand through his arm, and walked alowly and silently by hie side. Re turning consciousness had brought back very little color, to her faoe. It had still an almost unearthly pallor. Sho walked tha whoio distance without uttering a word. A faint sigh fluttered on her lips two or three times during that slow promenade, and on her drooping lashes Allan saw tho glitter of a tear. For some reason or other sho was deoply moved ;orie might be that ber faintingfits always took this emotional form. I-Io saw hor safely seated on her own aofe, with footman and maid in attendance upon her, be fore he took a brief adion. "You'll como and soo me again, I hope," she said, with a faint amile, as alio gavo him her hand at parting. "I shall, be . most happy," lie murmured, donbtfui within hiuisolf whether bo would ever hazard n repetition of this agitating finale to an afteruaon call. To be interrogated about him- self and his surroundings, with an eagtr curiosity which wis certainly startling, and then to find himself ' Ule-A-t He with an unaonsoious fellow oreature, was an ordoal that fow young men would care to repeat. When ho described his visit next day to Mrs. Mornington, she only , shrugged her shouldera and aaid Ueoieively, " Hysteria i Too muoh money, too muoh leisure and no respeotahle connections. If thore ia on# woman I pity more than another that woman is Mrs. Wor- nook." . "If ever I call on her again it must be with you or with my mother, "said Allan. "I won't fooo her alone." Although he came to this dcoision about tbe lady, he found hlmsolf net the less disposed to dwell upon her image during the days and weeks that followed Ilia afternoon at Disoombe ; and more than onoo ho asked liimBclf whether there might not bo some more eogant reason for hor faintingfit than tho sun's warmth or the sun's glsre — whether tlmt deep intorest whioh she had evinced in ail he could tell her of homo and parents might not bo founded on something moro serious than aupicBa woman's idlo curio sity. Could it ho. that ho had 'lighted upon some trace of that mystery in his fathor's past lifo — that mystory whioh, without tangible svidenoo, he had always imagined as the koy noto to hie fathor's ohataoter in later years? Sho had feinted immediately upon his telling her his father's formo'r.namc. Was.' that a mere eoinoi- denco of timo, or wd» the'' uamo tha oanao of hesitation in going-alone— a second time." Lady Emily arrivcd.onja visit to hor son while lie was pondering thls urianaworoble question about Mrs. Wornook, and he caught at tbe opportunity. He hardly allowed his mother timo to inspect his houso and gardens, and the small farm whioh supplied his larder, and to givo her opinion upon tho furnishing of tho rooms and the arrangement of the flower bads and lawns, bsforo ho suggested taking lier to call upon his neighbor at Discombe. "But why, Allan? why should I call upon tide Mrs. Wornook, when I am a stranger in the land?" argued his mothor. "If there is any question of oalting, it ia Mrs. Wornook who must oail upon me." "Ah, but this lady is an exception to all rules, mothor. She calls upon hardly anybody, and she has beggod mo to go and see her, and I feel a kind of hesitation ingoiug alone— n second timo." Ha stopped in sudden cmbnrrassmcnt. Ho did not wiBh to toil his mother about tho faint ing fit, though he had described tho scone freoly to Mrs, Morningtou. Ho had thought mora seriously of the ciroumstanco sines tlmt conver sation with Mrs. Mornington, aud he was in clined to attaoh mora iraportanoo to it now than at that timo, "I think you would bo interested in Mrs. Wornook, mother," lie urged, after a pause, during which Lady Emily had boon pacing tho room from window to wall with tho idea of sug gesting a bay to ba tlisown out where thoro was now only a flat Frenob cnssmcnt. "Allan, you alarm me. I think you must be in love with this ecoontrio widow. You told mo she was vory rich, dida't you? It might not be a bed match for you." "Porlmps not, if Mrs. Wornook had any ponohant for ino; and if I wanted a wife old onough to bo my mother. Do you know that tho lady has a son as old as I am ?" Ho reddened at tho thought of that son, whose likeness to Berosford-Carew wae startling enough to surprise Lady Emily, and might possibly ooossion unpleasant suspicions. And yet accidental likouosses are so common iu this world thnt it would bo weak to bo scared by such a resemblance. Would he be wise in taking hie mother to D.soomho? Perhaps not. He had mado up bis mind to tako hor there, wisely or foolishly. Ho wanted to bring her plain common sense to bear upon Mrs. Wornook'a fantastio disposition. "My mothor is tho Bhrewdcst woman I know," he told himself. " Sho will read Mrs. Wornook'a olmraoter muoh hotter than I oan." Lady Emily was the so il of good nature, and was particularly free from the trammels of con ventionality ; so, when she found her son had tbe matter at heart, she waived ail question of the caller and the called upon, anil allowed Allan to drive her to Disoombe on the afternoon after her arrival at Bcaohurst ; and the driva nnd the approaoh to the manor were very agroe- able to her. " You ere roelly prettier hereabouts than wa aro in Suffolk, '.' sua said condescendingly ; " but you have not our wido expanses of pasture, our open horizon. Those high downs have a cramp ing offset on your Iand'soapo— they narrow your outlook, and shut you in too muoh. Your sun sets must bo very poor, in a broken up country like this;" Tho woathor wos moro sultry than on Allan's previous visit. Summer had ripened, the rosos wero in bloom, and the last purple petal had fallen in the rhododendron jungle through whioh tliay drovo to the Manor House. Mrs. Wornook was at home. Vain for tho footman to deny it even had he been so minded, for tho deep toned musio of the organ was peal ing along tho corridor. Tha mighty chords whioh begin Beethoven's Funeral Maroh for tha Burial of a Hero orashed out, solemnly and slowly, as Lady Emily nnd her son approached the musio room ; nnd when, at the opening of tiie door, tho player stopped suddenly, the silence was more startling than tho musio had beon. Startling, ton, to soe the fragile form of ' tho player, and the semi- transparent hands whioh had produced that volume of sound. " I had no idea you wero so fine a musician, Mrs. Wornook," Lady Emily said graciously, after the introduction had been got over, the lady of Disoombe standing befoto her timidly in the broad sunlight from tho open window, bo fragile, so youthful looking, so unlika the mistress of a great house, and tbe.cbicf person- ago in a rustic parish. " My ton was eloquent in your praise, but ho forgot to tell me of your musical talent." " I don't think I havo muoh talent," answered Mrs. Wornook hesitatingly. "I am very fond of musio— that is all." "Thero is a groat deal in that all, . I wish my love of- muaicr-and Allan knows. I prefer a good ooncert to any other form of entertain ment — would enable mo to piuy as you do, for then I oould tako the plaoe of the stupideat organist in England at our parish church." . . Lady Emily was making conversation, seeing thnt Mrs. Wornook'a lips were mute and dry as if she were absolutely epeeobless from fright. A most extraordinary woman, thought Lady Emily ; , shy to a degree that . bordered on luuaoy. Tiie talk bad all to bo done by Allan and his mother, since Mrs. Wornook'a share in it was hardly more.than monosyllabic. Sho assented to ovotything they said— she contradioted her self over and over again about the weather, and abont the distinguishing features of tho sur rounding country. She agroed witb Lady Emily that the hills spoiled- the landscape; she assontid to Allan's protestation that the hills wore tho ohicf oiiarm of the neighborhood. She rang for tea, and whon tho servants lied brought tnbles nnd tray and tea kettle sho sat as iu a dream for ever, so long before sho bcoamo con scious that tho things wore there, nnd that she had a. duty to perform. Then she. filled tho oups with tremulous hands, nnd allowed Allan to holp her through tho simplest details. Hor obvious distress strengthened Allan's suspicions. Th.ro must be some mystory behind all this embarrassment. Mrs. Wornock could hardly behave in this way to ovcry stranger who oalled upon her. Of ail women living no ono was loss calouiatcd to inspire awe than Lady Emily Carew. Good humor was writ large upon her open eountenance. The milk of human kindness gave softness to her speech. Sho was - full of- consideration for others. \- Distraoterl by the musio of tho organ, Lady Emily bad not even glanoed at the Millais por trait whioh faced hor as she walked along, the corridor. It was, therefore, with unmixed astonishment that she observed n photograph ou an easel oonspiouous on a distant . table — a photograph whioh she took to bo the likencsa of hereon. "I- see you have given Mrs. Wornook yonr photo. Allan," she said. "That- is more than you have done for me since you were at- tho university." "Go and look at the photo,, mothor, and you will soe I havo not been bo wanting in filial duty." . " Lady Emily rose and went over, to tbe labia in the furthermost window. . " No, I see it is another face ; but there Ib a wonderful look of you. Pray, who is this nico ' looking young man, Mrs.' Wornook ? I may call him nioo looking with a good graao, since ho in not my son. His features are more refined than Allan's. The modelling of tho faoe is more : delioste." "That is my son's portrait," answered Mrs. Wornook, " nnd it is .thought a good liknntss. He is like Mr. Carew, is he not? Almost ; stnvtlingiy like ; but the resemblanos is less striking in the pioture than in the living faoe/ It is in expression that the two faces are - alike." " I begin to understand why yon are interested in my son," said Lady Emily,, smiling down at tho faoo on tho eaeal. "Tho ' two young men might bo brothers. Pray how . old is this young gentleman ?" " Ho will bo six nnd twenty in Anguat" " And Allan was 25 last May. And is Mr. Wornook an only oon, like my Allan?" "Yes. I havo only him. Whon lis is away I am quite alono — except for my organ and piano. I try sometimes to think they arc. both alive." "What a pity you have no daughter. A plaos like this looks ns if it wanted a daughter. ' But you and I are in the same desolnte'eondi-: tion. Allan is all I have— aud my ' whlts farm." "Mother, why not my. .white farm "and Allan?" saiil her son, laughingly. ' If you know moro of my mothor, Mrs." Wornook,: -if you knew her in Suffolk, you would lie very. likely to think tho farm first and not second in hor dear lovo. Perhaps you, too, tiro interested in farming?" , Mrs. Wornook smiled a gentle uegatlvo, and ,; gavo a glanoo at the triple keyboard yonder,' -, whioh was oloqnout of moaning. v.'A - gliiifoo; ,, whioh leenu-d to ask, " Who could wiistt time'. ; 1 upon oow house and poultry, yard ; wheu..:aU : ; ihe mastor spirits of harmony are offering their ffiystsries to the faithful student ?" ""Well, mother, how do you like the mistress >f Discorabe?" asked Allan, as: they drove homeward. ' " She is very refined — rather graceful— dread fully shy," answered his mother, musingly ; ."and I hopo you won't bo angry with me, Allan; if I add that she seems to me half an idiot," "You saw her to-day at a disadvantage, said Allan, and then lapsed into meditativo alienee. Had he not also seon this strange woman at a disadvantage whsn she fainted at the mention, of his father's name — tlio name his fattier had borne in youth, not the name by whioh he was known now ? Her fainting fit might have had no significance in his eyas if it had not followed upon hsr eager questioning about hor father. And whatever suspicions had been exoited by that first visit were intensified by Mrs. AVor- nook's manner in the proeeuce of Lady Emily. Suoh obvious embarrassment — a shyness so much mora marked than that with whioh sho had rcoeived liirn on his first visit— oould hardly exist without a deeper eause than solitary habits Or norvous temperament. The likeness between Geoffrey AVornook and himself might have meant no more than the likeness between Mr. Drummoud and : Sir Robert Peel ; but that likeness, taken in aon- ?nnotion with Mrs. AVornook's extraordinary nterest In his father, and moat noticeable embarrassment in recoiving his mother; might mean a great deal— might mean, indeed, that the dloud'Upon hie fatlior'e lifo wae tho shadow of a life long romoise, the dark memory of sin and sorrow. It might be that within the years preceding his marriage Gsorge Bcreaford lied been involved in a guilty iutrigue with Mr. AVornook's young wife. To believe this wae to think vory bndly of this gentle creature, who used the advantages of wealth and position with suoh modest restraint, whose only delight in life -wae in one of tho most exalted of life's pleasures. To believe this wae to think Mrs. AVornook a false aud un grateful wife to a generous husband ; and it wae to believe George Bcresford a vulgar, seducer. If there is one faliaoy to whioh the non-legal mind is more prone than anothsr it is its boliof in its power to estimate the value of oirqum- etantial evidence. Allan Carew tried hie father and Mrs. AVornook by tha evidence of oiroum- stanoes, and lie found them guilty. " My mother shall never oross that woman's threshold again !" he decided, angry with liirn. self, for having .taken . Lady Emily to Dis- combe. (to be continued.) 