YESTERDAY'S BUSINESS IN THE ASSEMBLY. Several matters of considerable interest and importance were dealt with In the Legislative Assembly yesterday. The first was the Address to Sir Henry Norman on his retirement from the position of Governor of Queensland. This was moved by Mr. Nelson and seconded by Mr. Powers in speeches characterised by good taste and hearty feeling. With these speeches the Address might well have been permitted to pass on the voices. Two or three of the Labour extremists, however, could not resist the ( temptation which opportunity to parade their dissent offered to them. They have a horror of gravel." So have many of us. So has the Governor. We may be sure that it is harder for his Ex- . cellency to suffer " grovel" than for any Labour member or other person to watch ' it. There was no need to bring up this unpleasant aspect of human nature yesterday. There was no " grovel" in the Address. If gracious things are worth doing at all they are worth doing graciously. At the same time Mr. Nel- son in our opinion took an excessively harsh view of the case when he confessed that he had never felt more ashamed in the House. After all what did this little bit of protestant repub- licanism amount to Under the circumstances the placing on record of the fact that there are four Labour dis- sentients emphasised the general good feeling of the House towards the departing Governor. It was really a happily suggestive division. Separation from the British Empire is a subject which is not likely to agitate Queensland in our time. Mr. Dickson complained that the session had drifted along aimlessly. This was a truthful and pertinent criticism. Possibly there was no inten- tional aimlessness. Possibly it evolved itself from mere circumstances. But undoubtedly it is a thing to he avoided in future. It is better that the Government's control of the session should be marked by order, purpose, and candour from beginning to end. It is under this condition that Parliament may be expected to do its best work. Mr. Dick son's complaint drew the Premier. The session, he said, could be terminated in three weeks if the Opposition would assist the Government to pass its measures. Mr. Powers immediately realised that his side of the House would assist the Government. If rumour on the subject may be credited, the Opposition and Labour members are very anxious to transfer their part music labours from Parliament House to the electorates, and probably this feeling is shared by many Ministerialists. The shadows of the elections are deepening upon the Assembly. "~ Mr. Nelson announced that the Mirani proposal would not be proceeded with. Contrary to the wish of the Government, the question had become a party one. The fact is indisputable, and it is a sound and sufficient reason for the withdrawal. None of the other nine pro- posals was the subject of party debate or of party divisions. "We have proved this absolutely by reference in detail to the debates and divisions. The Mirani proposal was the only and an unfortunate exception. It is not worth while now to attempt to apportion the blame of the introduction of party tem- per and party tactics. The merits or demerits of the proposal were alike obscured by the endeavour on the Government side of the House to force the matter through the House and by the endeavour on the Opposition side of the House to get up a cry of corruption for electioneering purposes. The demonstration at Mackay, with the local Labour party's participation therein, makes an end of the corruption gery. It is as dead as the Paraguayan millennium. There is not even a ghost left for the elections ; only a corpse. A ghost has life of some sort. It can move of itself, go anywhere, and rapidly. A corpse has to be carried about That is unpleasant work. Imagine the Opposition and Labour members, bathed in political perspira- tion, never able to rid themselves of the sense of the elector's enjoyment of the show, carrying the summer-smitten corpse of the Warragul corruption cry all over the colony from Point Danger to Cape York and westward to the South Australian border ! Mr. Nelson stated that the Government intends to place a sum on the Loan Estimates for a bridge over the Pioneer River at Mirani. Provided there is nothing in this intention inconsistent with the practice in regard to similar bridges, that is to say, provided that nothing in similar cases is demanded from the local authorities, we do not see that any valid objection Iles against bridging the Pioneer at Mirani, and thus taking the railway to a point where It may be either extended under the Guarantee Act, or connected with a service of tramways. If the Mackay enthusiasm has any substance at all, it should be equal to the guarantee or a system of tramways after a " national" bridge has obviated the river difficulty. In this connection, we may be permitted to ask attention to the wholesome way in which Mr. Nelson talked to the Redcliffe and Humpybong deputation yesterday. These good folk want a railway, but altogether at the risk of the colony. " The residents and others interested," said Mr. Battersby, " were averse to giving a guarantee, because they claimed that as they now had to pay their share of the loss on railways which had been constructed in other places without deriving benefit from them, they had a right to be placed in as good a position as those places." That is the Mackay Mirani argument over again. If it were admitted, not a single guarantee could be demanded. The Guarantee Act was passed for the very purpose of putting an end to the pernicious contention that because part folly has saddled us with a lot of non paying railways therefore we should go on building them. Mr. Nelson promised to lay the plans of a North Pure-Bred cliffe Railway on the table of Parliament on condition that it came under the Guarantee Act. " If," he said, " the line paid less than 4 per cent say 2 per cent they would only have to make up 1 per cent on £-10,000." If the district and its prospects of settlement and traffic are as good as is alleged by those who want the railway, the guarantee is, as the Premier remarked, a small matter. But it is a test of good faith. And it has a wonderfully sobering in fluence on railway deputations. The second reading of the Land Bill was carried on the voices after a comparatively short and rather spiritless debate. This was due wholly or mostly to the conciliatory explanations of the measure by Mr. Barlow and Mr. Nelson. It is not too much to say that these explanations robbed the measure of nearly all its terror. Nothing could be more satisfactory than the numerous assurances that there will be no renewal of leases where there is any probability of settlement. Only grazing land unfit for close grazing settlement, inferior land such as ridgy," broken country, will be locked up. So much was said in this way, so much will go on record, that if any good and accessible land in the Settled Districts should deliberately be put under lease again, the act would amount to gross maladministration. There will be no gross maladministra- tion by Mr. Barlow. Leases will be renewed, as we understand him, only in the case of lands absolutely worthless for settlement. Mr. Barlow had a remarkable announcement to make to the House yesterday. During the twelve months from November to November the amount of land taken up by selectors and grazing farmers was the largest on record. This is one of the best things that have been said of Queensland for many a day. The colony's greatest need is an increase of close rural settlement. Now that the public finances are in order Mr. Barlow administers what is in our opinion the most important of the departments of State. It is within his power or that of his successor to render incalculably valuable service, to Queensland. A finer opportunity no good-hearted politician could desire. We are glad to see, therefore, that Mr. Barlow anticipates something like a rush of settlement when the lands affected by the bill before the House are available. In the light of yesterday's discussion It is clear that the measure can be improved in Committee. Perhaps the most important amendment to be proposed will be the limitation of new leases to five instead of ten years. The Minister was amusingly " touchy" i yesterday under criticism. If he could only forget himself occasionally-I If he would only condescend to accept one universal proclamation that he is an honest man ! The pettinesses of petulance sit badly on the possessor of so lucid and strong an intellect. Mr. Barlow at his best commands the respect of every man in the Assembly, and therefore it is impossible to help wishing that he would try to get rid of his exaggerated and ludicrous hatred of the Labour party. Just now, however, much will be for- given him, even by Mr. Hardacre and Mr. M'Donald, in view of his outspoken declarations of departmental policy. " Unlock the lands," was the cry which many years ago laid the foundations of the " Argus's" great reputation and influence in Victoria ; Mr. Barlow means to keep all lands unlocked when leases expire, and where there is a reasonable probability of progressive settlement. 