TOPICS OF THE DAY. Stver&l; portraits in connection with the tn&fB;©cro of inisftioii»ri9 in China are given lu this weok'a " Weekly Tiinp#," of which the country edition was issued this morning. A memorial group photograph of tho Missus Saunders, in Cluncio con- turns, and another photograph, showing Mrs Sounder# aud her heroic daughters, are supplemented by u portrait of tho Itov It. \V. Stewart, a fac simile of his hand writing, and a likeness of Mm Mary Gordon. A portrait of tho late Canon Chase ia given, and the Vic torian Djg and Poultry Society's Show turnishefl a page and a half of exceilont illustrations. The SiuryteUur in our oentempcrary contains, in addition to tho threo serial, two complete stories, of which one, uTho Trus Ghost Story," ahould bn of special interest to suburban residents now suffering from ghost- scare. Much intorsst is being taken in thu annual show of tho Victorian Poultry and D«»g Society now being held at the Exhi bition Building. Yesterday tbo judges had a heavy day's work awarding tho prizes. In the ovoning tho uttcndiiueo was gtnxl, visitors taking npccal intorsst in tho dogs. To-day fanciers arc busy roricning tho judges' awards, A banquet will bo given this evening to intorcelonUl visi tors. the President of the Society taking the chair at G. Tho uxliihitiou will re main optn till Saturday evening. In a claim for insintaioaneo hoard at the North Melbourne Court to-day, in which a young woman named Davis was tho complainant, and an ex-puBtoOice sorter named John M'Mahoti the de fendant, the following somcwhub amus ing lottor was put in by the young woman in proof of the defendant's ability to pay for thu support of his child j— " Dear Nellie,— 1 tu'k« great pleasure in answering your udverti60iinmt in to-day's IlEltAf.l). I am a Ittior torier at tho G.P.O. ntan annual salary of L 1 58, and will racoivo my annual iacioniuntof L12 ihortly. I am Dit DJin in hoigbt, and sralo list 21W (laughter) and a goad all round athlete. (Ksaowed luugh- ler.) I aui consUi-rod to be good looking, of dark complexion, and I wear n inoiistacho. (Loud laughter.) An order was made ngrvinstthu defendant, who did not appear, for tho payment of 7s Gd per week, with LJi «Js costs, . A special mooting of tho Tocvnnnd Country Building Sociuty was neiu 111 Cromwell Buildings, Bourko ntroot, at neon to-day. Mr W. Buck was elected secretary of tho socioty at a remunera tion of LU per week up to the UOth of September next, and L2 per week for tho ensuing twelve months, siieh remuneration to covur thoralary and ullico reut. , The chairman, Mr B. Douglas explained that tho position had been rendered vacant by tbo tolirvniontof Mr J II. Davie, who was lcaviugfor au- other colony. Tho I'ortli papors mention that ou tho lit inst. Dr L. L. Smith, who had huou Runnronml to West Australia on profes sions! business, was ontortained at lun cheon by the ILiyor ol Perth. Snvornl leading men of thu colony wuro present and the guest, iu replying to thu toast of hie . health, predicted a groat future for thu wiao industry of Westraliu. .William Currigan, sixty-five yoarsof ugo, was reported to the North Molhouruu police this morning as miasinq from his liorue, Gluuhnzul Cottago, O'.SIiaumissy street, sinco Na'urday lust. Whan ho was last 8ouu ho was wonriug moleskin trousers, black felt hat, Cardigan jackut ami Incoap boots. Hu was thon at i'ur; lilolheurno. Enthor Greon, who residos in Croekford stroot, Port Melbourno. slipped on thu pavt'iniiiit nt thu oraut' of Bay und Crock- ford streets, lust evening, and surtniuod a fraotuio of tho right leg. Thn injured woman was removed to tho Melbourne Ilomital, and admitted for troatiiient. Thmiias Cornish, nineteen years of ago, who resides at Brunswick, was admiitod lo tho Mulimurno Hospital lust evoning sufTcring from injury tv tho right hip. Ue was driving a druv loaded with bricks when tho roiiw uroko, and Cor nish foil out on to the road, tbo whoel of the voliiulo pasnitig over liis body, Thu Squirrel Olub's corupliinontury At llnaio to Miss Wnltnr hot ovoning was most successful. Tho nttondnucu was large, tho studio moit tastefully (loco- rutuJ, and thu programmo, which hud been arranged by Mus EloUo Juuo, was oxcollontly carried out. Miss Juno her self anponred in her favorite part of the Bonuiv Fisbwifo, and received an ovation uuon her entrance. Mrs P. Moloney, Miss M. M'Cann, Miss Summons, nnd Mr Coffey rendtred valuable musical assistanco us vocalists, ns did Mrs Kuox- Ormo, MraGeorm1, nnd Miss Morpbut as pianists, whilst EiUo Norwood's clever comedietta, Cballc v. Cheese, was capi tally presented by Missss Nellio Diddle, Mary Baillio, uud Mr Parker llnll. The great quarrel scone, Brutus and Caasiun, whs rendered with much spirit by Messrs J. Smith and Herbert Wocdhouto. Dancing and refreshments coucluduil a ohnnnmg uutoriaimneut. Mr Bland Holt last night rccoivod a cable mcHHSL'o from Mr Arthur Sbirloy, who is ouo of thoHulhoraof tbo now play. Saved I'rtnn tl.c Sea, which is to ho pro duced ut the Thuntro Royal ou Satuiday, iulurmiug him that Hid pluy ia still draw- iuu very large houses at thu Priut'oss'ii Theatio , in London. Miaa Klixabotli Watson, a chat with whom npposra iu an other column, will take tho part of Nancy Ellington, Tho citrus show in the Town Hull, Imp- pily . styled Milduru in Molbuuruu, in Htir'notiug large numbers of pimple, vim aru preutly iiupreusud with the horticultural ruiouruuu of tho irrlunliou colony. Tbo abow ie a very pretty and highly instructive one. A concert will bu givou thin evening at the Town Hull, which will QiihRnre the attractions. The luoturo which tho Kov. Dr Strong is to deliver nt thu Puulrlo street llnll, 1 Mooitcu Pond#, this evening, under the ; aiispicos of the Esuendon And Flomiugton . Liberal Club, Hbould attract a largo audi- otico. Thu ubjcct of the leeiuro, OhrHti- . unity nnd .Socialism, is one ou which Dr Strong is in a po&itiun; to Hpeujc with inuoh aide. A concert in to bo given to-night in thu I Collins Htrcut Muaonio 1UI1, in aid of thu choir fund of the Bourko street j Kynngoguo. In viaw of tho fact that Misti Ida Osborne wi:l bo unubio to take I part, owing to other engagements, Dr ' O'llara bus conauuiodto aingf, and will 1 render The Village Blucksmith. "Kathleen Muvournoen" wiim written by Mm. Crawford, nu Irish lady, whose rongo J)0 yeiira ugo were in high repute. The music was hy Crouch, itn eccentric KcnlUH, who In his old age und poverty bogged his way into u concert given by TUIcns that he might hour his own composition fitly sung. 