A Boy's. Prank and. Its Results. Francis was the hoy's, name, and Ada was his sister. Francis was a bright, mischievous boy. He wastho-head'ot Ms 'class in school, hut through his tricks, he was always getting into trouble. . Ada, his sister, was quite different, being rather delicate— a very quiet, gentle girl. No brother and sister were ever more unlike, her almost black hair, dark eyes and Ballow complexion forming a striking contrast to Ms fair hair, grey eyes, and that mischievous look which never left his face. Francis liked lo frighten his sister, and being fond of reading ghost stories (the more fright ing the better), he wa3 able to pick out one to tell his sister that would have made the hair of most people stand on eud. This night the wind was howling arcund the house, and Francis was telling his sister a most terrifying ghost story. When he had come to the end of it, Ada was looking frightened indeed. "Now, you silly thing, I expect you will be seeing a ghoBt," her brother said. But Ada remembered the gho3t all the next day. Even in the afternoon it haunted her. The school was nearly a mile off, hut that day they were lot out a little earlier than usual, in order to he home before it rained. A heavy thunderstorm was coming up. Ada had to go to the store for Eome groceries, and by tho time she was half way home, she had to stop at a neigh bor's house for shelter from the storm. Francis had gone straight home. Down the rain came m torrents, lightning flosMng everywhere. It was nearly dark when the storm was over. The water lay in nools on tho ground. Ada had yet half a mile to go through a thick dense scrub. This was not all. A waterholo that she had to go past was said to be haunted. A few months before a tramp had been found drowned in it. Since then, after dark, a tramp was said to roam about there. As she walked along, the branches threw down showers of raindrops. The moon came' up bright and clear, sMning down between Die branches. The ghost story kopt running through Ada's head. Sho quite expected to see tho tramp's ghost- Trembling with fear, she crept, up nearer and nearer the waterhole. "Oh! If she only knew some other track than that past the waterhole." She dare not leave the narrow track, winding in and out among tho hashes, She knew no other way. Hark! what was that noise ? Was not that something ? It moved. It was not a stump, was it? : She stood still. No, it was only a shadow. But— something further on, quite white and motionless. The branchos moved, and the light fell ou it. Only a hough of withered leaves. She started on again, when something sprang . out from behind a bush. It stood against the dark background of leaves wMte and shrouded. The ghost ! Slowly it raised its hand as if in warning. There it stood, white and motionless as a statue. \- For one moment did" Ada stand . trans fixed ; then, , with a terrified cry, she dashed madly away.;' But was not the ghost rather small ? It laughed. To her the laugh was terrible, but in reality it was one she should have known very well, Splash ! she was in the waterhole ! She hadrun right into it in her fright. The ghost's hand fell, and he ran toward the waterhole. There was Ada, right in. the middle, struggling. Down she disappeared. A few bubbles arose. That was all. The ghost saw this, and fiuug off the shroud. Now it was tho ghost no longer— only Francis, Ada's brother. ' ' ' - ' ' Francis jumped in after his.sister, . ' ' But the waterhole was a arge one, and he could not find her. He was frightened. What could he do ? If she was not found at once she would be drowned. He had only meant to frighten her. - Had he killed her ? It was regret as much as fear that haunted him. . Troublesome ghosts both. As soon as he scrambled out he gave one look around. If she were not saved, and it were known he had played ghost, he would getinto trouble ; hung, perhaps, he thought. He thought he need not say anything about it. He snatched up the sheet which was now quite wet with tho shrubs that at every breeze sent down a shower of rain with a pelter. Rolling it up under Ms arm, he ran home. He had neTer run so fast before. A number of shrubs grew beneath the gum' trees, and everywhere the stag-fern and fallen logs covered the place. As soon as Francis reached home he threw the shroud in through the window. He had already made up the story he would tell his mother. She was preparing a supper for Ada. " Ada's fallen in the waterhole ; she was running hard and fell in. I couldn't get her out." - His father and a man off the form ran off at once, hut the waterhole was deep, and dark night had come, for the moon was again clouded. Yearn ago — for the waterhole was very old — a large tree had crashed right into it, and some of its limbs still remained there. At last they got her dead body, and carried it home. Francis, when bed-time came, was sent to bed. He had wrung the sheet as dry as possible, and put it iu his bed. Not a very comfortable bed, nor a very good rest. A damp sheet and a guilty conscience. Horrible dreams of ghosts and waterholes haunted Mm all night long. In the morning he was told that Ada was dead. The thought of how had a brother he had been kept running through his mind. \- How he had always tried to frighten her. If she had not fallen into the waterhole, they would most likely have quarrelled and made it hp, and he would have thought no more about it. That day the inquest was held, and the Coroner asked Francis all sorts of questions. This gentleman's sharp eyes seemed to read his very thoughts, yet Francis was afraid to tell the truth. Ada was buried, and Francis criel bitterly. . He wanted to tell, and yet was afraid. The nesjt morning he did not get up. He \- . V. Si-.: was too sick to leave his bed, and had a fever ish appearance. In the afternoon ho began to ramble. A dootor was sent for. "Clearly a case of brain fever, ".he said. He must be watched very olo3ely, as there is no saying what he may do." Francis kept on calling to Ada during the night. He believed she was there, heaping him with reproaches. The next morning the doctor came again, and pave Francis a sleeping draught. Soon after he Bank into a quiet Bleep, and his mother, who had been watching all night, took aBhortrest. Presently Francis woke up. No one, he thought, in his delirium, was mere hut Ada. " Go away, Ada ; go away. I did not know you would fall in. I only meant to frighten you." TTln mother, who awoke at the first sound, now started up, wondering. All of a sudden the truth flashed on her mind. He had often tried to frighten his sister. She hurried into Ms room, but he was not there. She looked out of the window. . He was running into the scrub as hard as possible, with a sheet thrown over his head. She ran out, and after Mm, calling to his . father, who was working a little way off. Both gave chase. They did not overtake him until he . had ' reached the fatal water-hole. As he now stood still they slackened their paCB. Up out of the water-hole, it seemed to Francis, there arose a figure. Francis folded the sheet: quite close about him, and bent over the water-: hole as if looking for something. To his fevered; fancy, it seemed that the figure threw back' long, dark hair from its face. It was. Ada ! . : j Francis stood still— looking fixedly at the iin-j aginary figure. Then, he thought, Ada called him. He made a start, and fell in head first, and- immediately sank, being unable to struggle on account of the sheet. His mother and father rushed to the spot. His father jumped in to save Francis. Ha could not find him at once, for to dive under the limb, was decidedly dangerous, and when he did at; last find him and threw him on the bank, ho too was dead. 