Allan Love's Disappearance. CHAPTER XX.— (OontirueL) Oh, a ghastly cause for joy, truly! Clyde Has tings could m-ver have accomplished the fraud himself. But Markby, whose God was mouey, and who seemed to have been created without a heart — he had succeeded. He was once an army doctor, and had made a specialty of knowledge concerning acids and poisons. He knew how to give a newly-dead body the semblance of decay — a month's residence in the biuggien waiers oearmg out cne gnasuy trutn. A3 for the rest— that was easy. The mutilation of the ?water-soaked clothing having faint initials some where to identify the body, needed only the efforts of a master in swindling. Everything was ready. ? ' We shall hear of it here on 'Wednesday night ?or Thursday morning. And this is Monday ; there 1b but one night between. I must see Vida before then. Ah, yes, of course — she will doubtless be nt Mrs. Frankland's ball on Wednesday night. I'll carry out my original plan then.' A moment later lie threw out his arms and laughed. ' Forbidden to ride with her to-day! Very wel). Forbidden to enter her borne in future ! Very well. What matters ic? Soon her home will be my home, and Finis will have been written to Sidney Karitan's career. It's likely he'll be sent to prison for life, as the evidence won't be absolutely con vincing after this lapse of time : bnt it's more than probable he will escape that by killing himself. An old grudge — one of long standing — will be paid, and the woman I have always loved will be my wife. If Clyde Hasting? made an attempt to iustifv his treachery to himself it was by saying that he did not believe Sidney Raritan worthy the love of a woman like Vida, as, despite all lack of positive ??? proof, he- considerHd him the murderer of Allan Love. In his opinion, Markby, through fraud, was bringing a reul offender to juacice. He believed that the end condoned the means employed. Meanwhile, hfter leaving the house, Sidney had gone direJt to the office of a steamship company, and had engaged passage for himself and Vida on the following Thursday. It was a peremptory action, perhups, and quite different from Sidney's usual method with Vida. Now she was to have no choice — she must go with him — she would go if she loved him at all- and he would never be con teat until he had put the ocean between her and the man who was secretly trying to ruin their lives. Besides they had talked long of a trip to Europe. Then why not go now when it suited his plans so well ? Bebe could be left with his mother'6 sister ill Washington, Applefchorpe could be closed, and they need not return for a year at least. His business affairs had never been in better hands or better taken care of. He reached Applethorpe just us the maid was announcing luncheon, and Vida wna startled to see him enter., startled by his worn young face bearing the marks of sudden and deep sadness. 'Oh, you are hack early,' cried Bebe. 'Is Felix coming to dinner just the same ?' . Like one awakening from sleep, Sidney passed . his hand over his face. ' Poor Beb, I quite forgot.' ' Forgot about Felix !' pouted Bebu. ' Then I know what I'll do — I'll send Ruggl«s down on horseback with a note to him. May I ?' ' Ceitainly, dear, anything you like.' Luncheon whs rather a silent meal. Before the servants a strained conversation was kept up, but it was easy to see that something was troubling Sidney. Even Beb-5 became silent. When at length Vida was alone with him, she turned and looked anxiously into his eyes. ' What's the matter, Sidney ? You look like a man who has received a blow,' she said, a tremble in her soft, velvety tones. 'No matter. Do not ask me, Vida,' he said, ?quietly. 'But I want to tell you this — Clyde Hastings must never again cross the threshold of this house— and you will come with me to Europe ?on Thursday.' She grew white to the lips. 'You have quarrelled wir.h Clyde Hastings ?'- 'I have told him my opinion of him. Let hia name never be mentioned between us again.' A pain like a needle shot through Vidd's heart, aud she grew white and cold. Something in Sidney's fu'ce awed and stilled her. He did noi touch her hand. There was none of the old love in his attitude or glance ; only a calm, more sad than TJussionate reproaches. ' You will be ready to go with me on Thursday ? If; will be best eo. Believe me when I tell you. . It will be best.' . \ ' Yes, I will go,' she answered, and love was very sfcroDg in her heart as she spoke. ' If she could only have buck the old faith ! If she had never listened to Clyde Hastings ! It she had never seen that name — Aloha ! 'I will try to believe him I .will help him. He looked wounded to the heart. Oh, Sianey, I will believe you, my love !' CHAPTER XXL .; ' . IMPRISONED. The wintry. dusk was deepening with suprising ?swiftness us Felix Love rode lapidly on towurj Applethorpe. Already tho wesh was a mass of cold purple, aud in the tawny gloom above a few etnxs had gathered. There whs something in the poise of his head, in the satisfied glow in his eyes which spoke of ?exultation. Ho had travelled over those roadB ro often before, but never with the joy ia his heart that now woiled there — never with the prospect be fore him of seeing BehiS freely, openly, of spending hours with her in her own home, which he entered as a lover. No feare, no doubts troubled his young heart. Once having decided that his suspicions of Sidney Earitan wero an insult to the man, aud realising that no tangible proof connected him with his father's disappearance, he had been quick to admit 'his mistake find ask pirdon for his uojust suspicions. Meanwhile his father's fate remained a mystery. Every attempt tit fiudiug a clue resulted in a silence as complete as death. No one had seen Allan Love after that snowy night when he wont away with Sidney Raritan ; no one had heard from aim. Could a man livp and so completely seclude him self? The joy in Felix's heart sub-ided n little as he pondered upon that question. Would he over * know, or would the maddening, terrible word ' missing' forever overhang his mysterious fate ? ' Who knows,' thought Felix, with sudden, obstinate hopefulness, ' perhaps some unforeseen trifle, some strange turning of the wheel of destiny may reveal all that now seems so inexplicable. I feel sur-? that somehow or ether I will one day hear of my father, or stand face to face with him again.' Putting away the perplexing problem, he let himself dwell on his love for Bebe, on what their lives would be together. Hope, confidence, Dassion, reverence, were all in that young vision which fired, his brain and heart, and he felt he had never known the meaning of life until now, when his happiness was bound securely and entirely ia one small pair of hands. He looked at his watch as he entered the road which, about a half mile distant, led past Apple thorpe. It needed ten minutes of six. Provoking ! They did not dine until seven, and he would probably reach the house at a most inconvenient tiuie — perhaps when Bebe was at her toilet. To kill an intervening twenty minutes he took a circuitous path that, deep in shadow, skirted a small river, which reflected the varied colours of the evening sky. For a long way the path was singularly deserted, and only the regular beat of his horse's footfalls broke the evening calm. 'To think,' inussd Felix, 'that this place is really a suburb of the big town that lies to the south, a wilderness of brick and stone, filled with the turmoil of traffic. One mis;ht as well be in the very heart of a mountain solitude. Not a house in sight, not a sound of life, no movement but the sway of the brauehes and the sofc, velvety flow of the river-^- What's that ?' The last words came in a low, dazed exclamation, as Felix, holding his horse well in, leaned forward and peered into the darkness at a figure which had crossed the path to the bank beyond. There was something so uncanny about the muffled form, he felt his blood grow thin and cold. It was as if a ghost had put on dark,- heavy, form less folds to match the darkness in which it moved. The figure stood just back of a large tree, and Felix saw the draped arm raised, the cowl lifted a little. But what lay beyond he could not tell. No feature was disclosed, and the light of the eyes, if eye3 there were, was hidden. As he paused curiously, the figure gave a start and a strange, strangled sort of wail. The sound not only made the listener's heart quicken with ; tbatbnunting, inexpressible power of the mysterious, but his horse gave i violent leap, a snort, and then, with rearing head and straining mouth, leaped forward. Felix realized that the moment was full of peril. Ho forgot all about the monk-like traveller, and bent; all his strength to the taming of his now thoroughly frightened horse. It was useless ; the nervous, blooded creature had flung off all control, and, with the bit securely between itB teeth, tore wildly on. Just ahead lay the pasture where he and Beb had had their never-to-be-forgotten twilight talk in August, and the stile separating it from the road was now a serious bariier to further progress. In vain Felix tried to twist his feet from the stirrups and jump, even at the risk of his neck. He was firmly in the saddle when the horse, at full tilt, rushed against the bars, only to be flung backward. Horse and rider went down, and Felix felt himself hurled with cruel forca against a rock to the right hand. He tried to rise, although the swimming pain in his heBd blinded him, but fell back, hia last conscious knowiedge being that the horse's hoof had struck his shoulder aud chest, as he turned to bound away in the other direction. (To be continued,.) 