KILMORE HELPING-HAND MINSTRELS. VARIETY 'ENTERTAINMENT. The above named Minstrels made their second appeararice on Friday evening last, after the Hibernian races, at the Oddfellows' Hall, Kilmore. The troupe made such a favorable impression on their first appearance before the public, that they were again welcomed by a good house. Punctual to time the entertainment was opened by an over. -ture by Miss Stirling, played in that young lady's usual faultless manner. Throughout the evening Miss Stirlirg acted efficiently as pianist. The opening chorus by the company was "The Old Folks at Home," the first verse and chorus being sung before the rising of the curtain and the second verse after. The " magic circle" consisted of -Interlocutor, W. A. Hickey ; Bones, " Reginald Walker" and F. Bromley; Tambos, "Herr Fako" and F. Bromley : D. Berlowitz and T. Castles. Frank Bromley opened with the comic "Jolly Boys," localised, which was well recieved. "Sweet Evelina" was well rendered by D. Berlowitz, and' the audience acknowledged same. " Reg. Walker" fairly brought down the house with the comic " I can't change it," and the audience would not be satisfied until they brought " Reg." to his feet again. That excellent song " Be brave and you shall prosper" was well rendered by T. Castles, who possesses a remarkably good tenor voice. Will Cantlon contributed to the comic with " Come down and open the door," the number being warmly applauded. The interlocutor contributed " Save my mother's picture." . The finale was "The Question of Time", settled by a ghost. This con sisted of a hot dispute between two of the corner men concerning how a song should be sung, and in the heat of the argument the ghost descends from above and frightens the disputants, who leap fiom the stage and rush through the hall and out the front door, the curtain dropping at the time of their leaping from the stage. After a short interval, the curtain again rose, and the Misses May and Bright Conabere made their appearance and 'danced an Irish jig. The young ladies were very prettily dressed, and as usual the audience warmly applauded them for tbeir danncing. Mr Bradshaw then favored the audience with " Molly Aroon," after which Frank Bromley appeared in character as an old woman and gave a localised version of " Far Away," the different hits being well received. After a short interval the curtain rose for the farce entitled " The Troublesome Boy." The characters were - Old Grimes, W. Hickey, Handy (the good-for-nothing), W. Richardson. The latter, with the mistakes he was always making as the servant boy, and the excellent manner in which he took his part, kept the audience in continual roars of laughter. Will Cantlon soon arrived as one of the unemployed on the look-out for something to do, and being engaged to deliver a speech he kept the audience amused, the curtain dropping on a " rough and tumble" between all the characters. The curtain rose again in a couple of minutes, when Joe Morrissey made his appearance and danced a hornpipe. The audience warmly applauded and the dancer had to respond to an encore. "A life on the Ocean Wave" was con tributed by W. Hickey. The Misses May and Bright Conabere also danced a hornpipe, which was well received by the audience, and amidst the applause the curtain dropped. The entertainment was concluded with a laugh able farce entitled " Love wins the Day." The characters were well sustained throughout. Old Flyaway (a crabbed old gent) was well sustained by Frank Bromley. Flora (Flyaway's daughter) was represented by W. O'Keeffe, who without doubt makes a splendid young lady. M. Hogan was a thorough success as Stephen Sly (Flora's lover.) W. Richardson brought down the house as Kimbo (Flyaway's trusted servant, always in trouble.) W. Cantlon and W. Hickey sustained the parts of Grabb and Bluff (up-to-date policeman.) D. Ber lowitz was a charming looking young lady re christened Jane Gunn (Bluff's Sunday girl). M. Hunt looked every inch an artist as Professor Dabb. The audience were apparently well pleased with the performance, and on the encouragement they have received the troupe have decided to play at the neighboring townships, and the next appear ance will be at Lancefield on the 24th May, when an entertaiment and ball will be held in aid of the Convent of Mercy, Kilmore. After the above entertainment a social dance was held, which was well attended and proved very enjoyable. Dancing was indulged in until the "wee sma' hours." 