The Czar's Firstborn. THE BAPTISMAL CEREMONIES. "Elaborate ceremonies always surround the birth of a royal child in Russia, per- <*> haps more conspicuously than elsewhere. The christening, according to the ritual In. the Greek Church, must take place as ■con as possible after birth. The baby's * christening robes are marvels of the -needleworker's art. The first godfather, -who is always- a high and mighty pei> t«Qn, gives the child a gold cross, inlaid with jewels, and the godmother provides the little white shirt which is used be fore the ceremony is completed. The oc . casion requires gifts from all persons connected with the Court. These gifts are often the toys most likely to amuse a tiny infant, although many are sult able for a grown child. Other gifts may: be lands or jewels. At the christening the child is carried In the arms of its godmother to the church or chapel. A crowd of royalty and nobility, glittering .in brilliant uniforms and gala toilets, fill the body of the church and stand grouped round the font. The priests wear magni ficent robes, with gold crosses, and sacred banners are borne before them. The two deacons carry a portrait of Christ or the Virgin Mary. The godfathers. give the priest nine wax candles, which are lighted and fas> ' tened across the font The priest In censes the, godfathers and godmother* and consecrates the water with many ceremonies. Then a procession is formed round the font by those taking part in the. ceremony, each one bearing a lighted wax taper. The name of the child is given In writing to the priest, who puts the paper on an image which he holds on the child's breast, meanwhile saying a prayer. When the priest asks if the child forsakes the devil and his works, the godparents turn their backs to the font to show their horror and aversion to the question, and answer " yes." They again face the font, and the priest takes the child, which is quite naked,- and, holding It by the head, so his thumb and finger stops the ears, dips it three times in the water, pronouncing the words, "I baptise thee In the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost." The chrism, or baptismal unction, which is called the seal of the gift of the Holy Ghost, immediately follows bap tism. In. performing this ceremony the priest anoints the child with holy oil on the eyes, in order that It may see only good; on the ears, that these may admit only what is pure; on the mouth, that It may speak as becomes a Christian; on the hand, that it may do no wrong; and on the feet, that they may tread only In paths of virtue. At the end of this cere mony the shirt, which the godmother has provided, is put on the child by the priest, who says, "Thou art as clean and as clear from original sin as this shirt; thou art baptised; thou art sancti fied; thou art washed in the name of the Trinity." The cross, which has been given by the godfather, the child is un der obligations to wear all its life. If this cress be not found upon the child at death, the priest says to the godparents the child may not have Christian burial, even though he be the son of a hundred kings. A particular saint Is also as signed to the child, whose image he is charged to cherish with special devotion. Holy oil, or chrism, which is used at royal baptisms, coronations, and conse cration of churches, is prepared with elaborate ceremony. There is a copper vase, overlaid with pearl, and called the alabaster, in which Is kept the original oil sent from Constantinople when Chris tianity was introduced Into Russia. A few drops are taken to prepare the chrism and replaced with other oil, so the quantity never decreases. Wine, rose, lavender, balsam?, and spices are mixed with the oil. Forty days after the birth of the child, . its mother, ■ the Empress,. Is churched, .and the Infant is received visibly Into Christ's church by the giving of its first sacrament. When the royal gates are opened during mass the deacon appears with the ohalice. The baby Is carried to the steps, and the priest coming for ward puts a drop of wine into Its mouth .wHh a spoon, saying :—" The servant of God communicates in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost." There is no such ceremony as confirma tion in the Russian Church, but the child continues to receive the sacrament from its baptism, twice a year, at Easter and on its saint's day, until it is 7 years old, when it is brought to the confession on Good Friday. The Bocial functions attendant upon a birth in the royal family are very elab orate. They last several days. All the riches and magnificence of the court and nobility are displayed. At night the iMumlnations transform *the capitals. Uamps are removed from the street posts, and in their places shine illumi nated stars and circles. All house fronts, roofs, and' chimneys are outlined with lights. The trees are full of festoons of Chinese lanterns, and from every. limb hang.globes of glass in red, yellow, blue, and green, each formed and hung so* as to resemtile fruit. The houses of the nobility look like fairy palaces. The gar dens are ablaze with light, and every where appear -the burning monograms of the Emperor and Empress. On the day the child dons its first shoes the Czarina gives 300 or 400 pairs to be distributed among the poor children of St. Petersburg. These are or dinary shoes, of course, not a bit like the royal baby's, which are of white leather, embroidered with gold. The nurse of a royal Russian child is always gorgeous in her apparel. She ■ wears a rich velvet skirt with two broad band? of gold round it, a blue velvet apron, also trimmed with gold, a bodice ■of black velvet, fastened with silver buttons, and round her neck a golden chain. This is the dress for ordinary days. For State occasions there are other costumes even more elaborate. 