^Ite parliament (For other ParHamertiary News sec page 12.) HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Thdksuay. July 25. Thursday in the Assembly was again a dull day for the most part, and the galleries were half empty, but there were more than forty legislators present. At the out set Mr. Lake presented & petition in favor of the State Advances Bill, and it was received with cheurs. Jlr. Gilien informed Sir John Downer that a report is now being obtained from the Pastoral Board with respect to certain statements recently made by Mr. Peter Waite. Mr. Riddoch is still anxious about the New Zealand reciprocity treaty, and the Premier told him that the necessary notice of the ratifying resolution will be given on Tuesday. Mr. .Kingston further promised that all corre spondence received on the subject, except that u-hich is confidential, will be laid on the table on the same day. Mr. Grainger said that he noticed by the reports in the press that on the previous day he had used a word of two syllables in respect to the Treasurer. He was not aware that he had done so, but he recognised that there was no course open to him but to tender an apology to Mr. Holder. Major Castine is still on the warpath in respect to the Comman dant's report on the military forces, and Mr. Price wants the correspondence which has passed between the Minister of Education and the council of the School of Mines and ludus tries on the subject of the Fertilisers Act. Mr. Price is also desirous of discovering the intentions of the Government as to the suggested retrenchment of the resident engineers on the railway lines, and the Commissioner of Public Works undertook to get a report from Mr. Pendleton on the subject. Major Castine ascertained that the cost of advertising the provisions of the Lake Bonney scheme was £294 7s. 2d., but as, Captain Creswell is absent with the Protector, he has to wait for k reply to his question concerning the expensive White head torpedoes now in stock. Mr. Solomon was told that the Government costs in the action brought by the trustees in the Melrose estate were about £75 and that they will be charged to contingencies. At 2.9 p.m. the Pastoral Bill came on in committee at clause 18. The official notice paper by an error mentioned clause 1(-. The section on which the talk centred is the first of those dealing with the surrender of leases of pastoral lands in Class I. (clause 18, 'certain lessees may give notice of intention to surrender leases.') To this Mr. Howe moved as an amendment after 'may' to insert 'apply to the Commissioner for a reduction of rent, such application to be referred to the Land Board for report, and should a reduction of rent be recommended the Commissioner may reduce the rent or not as he thinks fit.' In this suggested alteration Mr. Burgoyne moved to substitute ''Surveyor-General' for 'Land Board,' while Sir Jenkin Coles moved after 'may' to insert 'within six months of January 1, 18J)0.' Mr. Homburg remembered that at the time of the auction sale of the 1888 leases Sir Jenkins Coles informed Parlia ment that the rents obtained were fair. It seems, Mr. Homburg added, that a man can promise to pay the Government any rent lie pleases, as he can always get out of paying it. No lands in the country, not even agricul tural holdings, he says, are fully developed. Mr. Butler reminded members that if Mr. Miller had not been on the Pastoral Board in 18S8 none of the Land would now be available for settlement. Mr. McPherson supported all the amendments, but Sir John Downer thought members were either not looking far enough ahead or were looking too far. If particular lessees are paying too high rent, he says, he is prepared to let the Government make any reasonable concession, but he objects to that provision being made the chief part of a Bill intended to bring about the substantial development of Class A country. Mr. Bartlett opposed touching the 1888 leases at all, while Mr. Caldwell urged the House to put the public estate at their disposal to the best use. He instanced one case in which a lessee had burnt the bodies of 7,000 cattle near one spring, and said ifc is impossible to establish population in a desert. If country can be settled by men it should not be given over to sheep, he admitted, Mr. Landseer said the subdivision of the Pandurra rim had called forth many applications, and that proved the advantage of these smaller holdings. At 4.10 p.m. the amendments of Sir Jenkin Coles, Mr.. Burgoyne, and Mr. Howe were carried in rapid succession. 'Aren't you going to divide?' asked Mr. Homburg, and the Com missioner of Crown Lands in melancholy voice replied — ' It's no use.' Mr. Gilien then moved that clauses 19 to 27 be struck out, as if the privilege of reduction of rent was given the Government did not wish to concede other advantages. Mr. Howe said where land is suitable for closer settlement the holders must retire, but in other cases they should give liberal terms to pastoral lessees. Mr. Burgoyne expressed surprise and regret at the Commissioner's decision, and asked him to postpone tha clauses, and Mr. Giles, who desired their retention, made a similar request. Mr. Gilien said Mr. Giles should not have helped Mr.' Howe pass his amendment. Sir Jenldn Coles said the com mittee should be satisfied to give the 1888 lessees what they asked, and he affirmed that the other side evidently wanted an alteration in the terms and conditions of those leases. He in stanced thesettlsmentof lands between Eudunda and the Murray as a proof of what can be dope with unpromising country, and once more affirmed that he has no faith in the Pastoral Board. He referred to a meeting at Quorn, at which Mr. Foster spoke so loud that he sent Mr. Catt to bed quite prostrated, and seemed as if desirous of economising time by address ing constituents at Quorn and Port Augusta synchronously. On that occasion Mr. Foster aud Mr. Burgoyne, ho said, were of the same opinion, that all that should be given to 1888 lessees was a reduction of rent. Sir John Downer resented the vehemence of Sir Jenkin Coles, and said he wished to remember him as Speaker, and not as one exciting animosities. It would be more discreet if Sir Jenkin kept to the chair. Sir John suggested, as most of the pastoral difficulties are due to him. Messrs. Brooker and McPherson deprecated Sir John's contention, but the leader of the Opposition was hot, and he went on to deny that he merely wished to benefit 1SS8 lessees, and to object to Sir Jenkin venturing to talk with special authority simply because he is Speaker. ' ' That is in sulting,' interjected Mr. Foster, and Sir John replied that he never utters insulting things though he sometimes endures them. A grunt from Mr. Kingston brought the retort that ' the Attorney-General was in the same gang as Sir Jenkin Coles when the 1SS4 Bill was passed.' ' 1 know the sort of gang you:re in,' replied Mr. Kingston, and Sir John waved his hand saying 'Oh, I won't continue.' 'You'd better not,' answered the Attorney-General, and the reply was ' I have not the power of invective and vituperation or the vocabulary necessary to cope with the Attorney -General.' Sir John next accused the Commissioner of Crown Lands of jumping at Mr. Howe's amendment, but this Mr. GUlen indignantly denied. Sir Jenkin Coles mildly affirmed tnat 'Sir John Downer is almost invariably fair and always generous, but he has not done justice to him self or me in referring to my position as Speaker. When the Taxation Bill was before the House last session and party feeling ran high Sir John came over to me, shook hands, and congratulated me on my speech in com mittee. Now he thinks I should not open my mouth at all. Yet I should be false to the district of Light and a traitor to South Aus tralia if I remained silent whsn the Pastoral Bill ie under consideration.' Mr. McPherson came to the support of the Speaker, and said last session Sir John Downer, having failed to get what he wanted for the 1888 lessees, took no further interest in the settlement of the outside country. 'That is false,' said Sir John with quiet directness — ' Do you under stand tbat?^ Mr. McPherson said he did, coming as it did from a gentleman, but once more complained of the gross injustice done to Sir Jenkin Coles. Mr. Burgoyne expressed astonishment that members were growing so violent, but this did not stop another scene. Mr. Moule, after pleading that the 1S88 leases, should not be locked up, once more affirmed that the Com missioner of Crown Lands had said on a plat form in his hearing that if an appeal were granted; as in this Bill, he would resignhis office. 'That is absolutely untrue. I'll put my word against yours paiywhere you like,' re torted Mr. Gilien in a temper. The Chairman interposed, but Mr. Gilien declined to withdraw, as Sir John Downer had not been asked to take back a similar charge against Mr. McPherson. ' I did not hear it,' said Mr. Catt, and at last, yielding to the persuasions of Mr. Kingston and Sir Jenkin Coles, the Commissioner grace fully capitulated. He explained, however, that he had said that he would rather resign than that an appeal should be given to the Supreme Court. ' Why don't you resign and let Moule in ?' asked Mr. Brooker, and the reply was— 'That's what he wants, hutl think I am .right in saying that even if I did he wouldn't have the slightest ghost of a chance of following me.' Mr. Kingston uttered an approving 'Hear, hear.' 'In future,' said Mr. Gilien, 'when Mr. Moule attempts to make my character as bad as others, he can put the cap on as he jikes, I shall not take the slightest notice of hini.' Sir John Downer considered it sweetly refreshing to witness the unanimity of Mr. McPherson and Sir Jenkin Coles. Did the member for East Ade laide, he asked, agree with what Sir Jenkin eaid last year as to the desirability of _ dis missing men from the railways. ' Ho didn't complain of my addressing the committee,9' said Sir Jenkin, and there were cheers. Though the debate continued energetic to the en9 the galleries remained empty, aud there wore no more losses of temper till right at the close, when Mr. Giles uttered a plaintively indignant Jeremiad. It arose in this way Mr. Homburg urged the CommiBsionor of CrownLands to ask the committee to .re consider Mr. Howe's amendment and promised him a majority. ' That's just what! said, remarked Mr. Gfllen, 'I told^ Mr. Giles _he would be caught in his own trap, me v*o vernmenfc are quite willing to *&*- ««o™flr vote.' Mr. Giles protested that he was not in favor of the amendment and lie accused JUr. Gilien of always trying to mislead the com mittee and to prejudice members against eaca other. Mr. Kingston, he said, had ruined the pastoral industry, and he was about to raafce other severe remarks when progress was re ported and the committee obtained leave to sio again on Tuesday. At 6.27 p.m. the House. adjourned. There were no absentees. 