SHROUDED IN MYSTERY; OR, WHICH GIRL DID HE MARRY? CHAPTER LXXVIII. (ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.) By the author of “Murdered at Mid- day," “For True Love's Sake,” “Three Lovely Women,” “Darker than Death,” “An Ocean Secret,” “Recalled to Life,” Riches to Ruin,” “Who killed John Cameron?” “Sword and Lance,” “Police Minister,” &c.; Poor Rose had known a from the very first that she had almost painful ordeal to go through, but little had she guessed its full nature and extent. *•'' Shb'W'aa; UalieVed int"o'she baronet** cpl 1 .wiih ; .t»ll‘tbe formality Hi«t had been observed in the breyioua visitor’s cusp, but her.recopliou by its ten mt was of a very different nature. Sir Harrywas: tho stamp of a mart who would have found it' next; to impossible to act otherwise h gentlemen, in .any instance ; his first. action was there fore to rise from the solitary his prison chamber contained, and bflvr it to Rose ; but he did ‘so with the cuttiogbb serration : 1 : ; ‘ I reg»et, mad im, that the conduct of yourself and family prevent my receiving a visitor in a-more fitting and seemly manner, and that on the same accounts, your welcome must bo as - stern and cold as your surroulidings, remembering this you will bo gosd enough to acquaint mo, in as few words as possible, with the, nature of your business? 1 * It concerns my sistei,’ answered Rose falteringly. ' l am glad that you did not fall into the error of’.alluding to her my wife. You refer to Mrs. Greenwood, ! presume?’ *1 refer to L»dy Howarth—your wife through a wicked fraud I am willing, to Admit, yet nevertheless your true and law ful wiff. As far ns the fraud goes on let that lie upon my shoulders, as, indeed, it rightly should;’. ‘Tt must He upon them over lightly 1 imagine, madam, or you would hardly hare confessed it so readily, especially to the individual who has been- so deeply injured thereby. Rose was as pale as death," even her lips being ashy white by this time, while «be grasped the sides of thb seal of her chair with both hands, just ns timid folks do when on the point of having a tooth extracted. r' , Of fhe many dreadful positions that shn had been io during the past few months she felt her present one to bo the most painful and unbearable ; indeed her love for her sister, and the conviction that Her sister’s very Hfe depended upon how she now conducted Ivrseli, alone enabled her to. bear i>,a. dto say calmly alihrough her heart felt wa though it was jifying to beat its way 'out of h*-r breast the while; . ‘Sir Harry Howarlh, it is unjust to prejudge .anyone. That you have heard one-version of (he tale 1 can plainly see, but l am equally sure that you have : not heard the other, or pity would at all ©yents walk in hand with your blura\ and |Terh'ap» vdrt,tdke"precedeocC'-of.it, *Tel 1 the; wilt you hear it-from my lip 1 >'Si«rce I do not care to be Called, or even though, an unjust judge, yes,’ ‘Then roy sister married you at prompting — always remembrr. at my, prompting—in order to save her life., ■ ’ f fler life?. That sounds very strange. How came her life to be in any danger V ‘She was mated with a wretch- who beat her cruelly, nndia every way used her infamously. On one occasion he even atruok her beautiful naked shoulder with a red hot poker, inflicting thereon a scar that,she' will carry to her grave.’ ‘To me she gavo you the credit for that little bit of barbarity, because at a ball someone declared her shoulders whiter ' and rounder than your owm HeverUie!c-ts, gp pn-’ ‘Oil, Ruth!’ almost wailed, jjady Stranraer; but she went on nevertheless, and with aadiminished fervour as well in ber-sister’s'cauEe. ,r. ; ‘It was not So. She may have had her.reasons for saying it, but" believer ‘me U was not true. The man who hud in duced'herto belieyejitni to; be ;her .hus band did it. 'Ho treated her so vilely, so Continuously vilely, that being possessed ’ of her—wbll, h<M* f*iher’rt fiery temper,', she at last, more than once, when under the torfcoro-lhrfrfttfln d to retaliate—.that elio would kill'him in . fact-r-and this in the hearing of oth"r», for many people lodued in'their tiieiV miserable home at Manchester. ; Well, a week" after her, Inst threat, Halcamus Greenwood was poisom d with arsenic, and in his . bodily ftgonies'kept scroaming out so .that every' one in* the house could bear, that she was; fits murderess^’* ‘If you are endeavoring to’ whitewash your stater’s cfidrocter to roe, ; you are* tp isay the least; using a dost method,broke in the baronet; M GobdGod, can ;you,;whb by this time should know her so well, Kiir a ; single in a tan t believe it- possible that sheicoaid ' even have meditated such a; crime f tt* tor ted Rose, her face flushing with iadig* 'and .then turning rapidly white Again. k < Ho,'' H'alckrn'us Greenwood was lakirg arsenic: for an • unsightly skin disense,''iand J in'a m aud 1 in fit of drpnken bessswtillowed a double ora treble dose: Why he should have accused Ruth; of poisoning him- I cannot say, perhaps ber cause'he would hnvd served .b«r ap hud their positions been be* cause he still sufficiently-loved her, in his to 1 resplve'that she should 1 hptSurvivo him. In any case In*, ns. I. Have said,: accused her loud, and again 7 and agaioj/.ojfebeing ■ h ; s, murderess ;; and roroeniberi'<g r wh'.it _ kIib bad more tliani, oridVtbrdatened ih l Ifer'pWsibn) she took .;i|lftrpi.;aod,'fl^v^/^<l^'';bowd%er;;)be.fdrd she j b%d<Bentffor w is jpos*r aiblo tbr 4 Kl'ddf^believe diPi.arid v tlia.tjalmost im*' mediately,’ - . - ■'Go on,’ said the baronet In softer tones I cJPerbaps J jha too quickly judge your sister—in that goon.v v ‘ Well, she escaped—she came on to ftochdale~r?she. ; saw :me l privily, for she? would not :have faced ber father for worlds; was-mlmost underbid curte. She told me of her terrible posj tion—of the horrors* that' haunted hor-r-r hent to under ian ‘Us-: earned name, upon trying to otftalfa a situation |asia<govorne?s£ She sooined- to see safety in such a bub I did; not; ■ for-it felt, that her very . terror -would bon j else did. ? it .was tboty briby love 1 for should I not-have a ■love-; fora twin sister ?—I urged end pleaded that she should fciike my p 1 lice 'a. n d, 1 hers—that-1 ah ou 1 d journey - to - Scot! and,an d she stay and, iparry you,., believed she was then a widow, and I'knew that I was' cdhler, headed ami . in every way adapted..tOj-pjay of scapegoat better than she was.*- : .‘ And she-yieldcd'to your entreaties and persuasions 1’-t.' ’ >> *\\-i . . VYe3, after iV;while fjho did, bat I swear to you th.at.it<wa8in»y ia'ult far more than hers..- X seemed to see the officers of v-jus tice on her:trn<jlr,'and the .shadow of (lie gibbet, over h-r head, and Ik new; that as your wife and the mistress of Clegg Hall Her position.;would be at once above sus picion.’,- . ,.i - • - 4 A’d your father and mother , were of (he same opinion, T preaurae.?’ 1 4 Heather nfthorn knewof-the substitu tion ubtiI afterwards. ; My father, was the first,, I :bolioye, to b come,;euspioious, and w,hon those suspicions: i-erbased I -ffancy lie went over to Oh’gg Hall, and, forced "Hath to confess oveiytldng-<in l)ia own ,Violent.; way, by meai s; of'oaths'And u Jirandished whip. - But Avhmi'ho Iciiew all rho siw. that the thing pouTdi .not.lie un done,-and fearing that matters made worse by revea'ing to y<iu Urn secret .kVpt'it bloaely lodkod up within liia own Your sister k'-ew within time hours of,her own marriage that sho was nbt my wife,’ . • ‘ You mean sho knew that Haloamusf Greenwood still lived—but before you condemn her you must remember that Ruth was little more than a girl—of o' weak and impulsive nature too, and far moye ready to.gyado dangers and disagreed ables than to face them. Within a week she knew that she was your wife, because- father informed her that her marriage with Haloamus,Greenwood had been au illegal one, because ho had wedded her under an assumed mini”, and-also tnke i a false oa’h that in her. case parental: con sent had been obtained. Oli, it’s all very shocking and very terrible. all about that—bat my sister is'your own lawful wife notwithstanding, and astrong man -should bo magnanimous enough to make some allowances for a weak woman when so terribly tried and circumstanced as she was—aye, both for her then and for after conduct, for Halcamus atill citi 'trolled her under threats of an exposure, and by ; ibem she had got at all events to care for you which made the.thought of ; that exposurtVstill more terrible to her.’ 4, Pon my word of honor you are an able pleader. You have convinced mo already (hat Rose—I mean 16 say Ruth" —my wife, has been only weak and not criminal. She was terribly tried, and the temptation' to deceive prodigious I will own, and no doubt many women would have yielded to it. I no longer believe that since outmarriage she has boon the willing accomplice and tool- of the in* famous Greenwood.’ 1 1 M>«y heavou forgive you .for ever hav ing believed so, and reward you lor thinking differently. now/ -Why* the wretch Haleamus has shut her upiri some, terrible place, whcr>in ho,.declares that she must soon die unless she is released therefrom, or where, if sin; does not even, : die, , she may contract f-ome awful.disease that has been buried for centuries.’ ‘Buried?' Then s)ui also must be buried and among the long dead.’ . 4 Heaven knows, lie spoke arnbigu* ously ond vaguely, so as doubtless to aifprd no clue as to where my dear sister really is.* " , 4 Do .you mean to say that he sp'6ke’ l ; 6 '■ you V - .fYeV'bft accosted abd Signed r nVe ; just;, as I was leaving the grounds of the Orchard' Manor house a couple of hours; ago,’- 4 The OrclbmV Manor house ? Tnat is Captain lioighV place. Pardon mo, but may I ask what you were doing there , 1 Certainly,. 1 went (he;p, to inquire after the health of his son, who has been the devoted friend of both my husband and myself.’ !. 4 And once y. ur lover if report speaks truoly, aye, even while you were affianced to me/ snid.lhc baronet bitterly.. \- 4 On that point report lies,’answered Rose,’ while the warm flush one* more , mounted to 'her cheeks. 4 The day before I -became engaged to marry you X broke off all connection with Lancelot Leigh.’ ‘Was (hit empty title of Lady so attractive, in.,your t-yes as to wholly outweigh the'love in a outage theory ? You see, I don ? t flitt&r; mys df that you ever cared for mo personally. 1 should be rf fool if 1 did so.’ 4 1 consented to marry you because my - parents were deAr' 4 rvtome Hfjnn even Lancelot l.eigb j just as Kb a later date,; and on the vi ry eve of opr conjbi’inplttipd maniage, my ‘ 8 ; s,tor’s welfare proved dearer to mo than even my parents.’ 4 And just' as a li> tie . while later still the love of a perfect stranger, and an alien, proved dearer to you thin that of either Leigh, parents, or sister,’.retorted the baronet somewhat sarcastic illy.: . 4 You have no right to s«y such thing, and I shall only oihdescend to vindicate myself on that point,,--lb you because it is commonly believed that' twins,j have the same vices as well asvhtues, and so in defending myself. I may also be defending your wife and my-sister. My husband’then preserved my life at iheitq minent hazard of his own, and as lor weeks (here seemed to be no possibility of my finding any more legitimate pro!Ootor, he, ilovihg hie not one whit the while, never-; tlioleas urg-d me to’ marry him in oider that po breath ‘ of sCaudal;should' injure me while I was necessarily in such close communion with him, shut up in u beleagured city. Lawfully; his wife,, bo has, in ‘ point of: fact, been to rod as a devoted brother. Had not .his conduct towards me been of. the noblest and most chivalrous nature cm you imagine that Lancelot Leigh, who • has tyvrd, me from boyhood"upwards, would in the course of bi few hours’ acquaintance, have become, so'V'dovoirdly" attached 16 him as, un solicited, to hazard hialife, and even court a disgracoful deaMi in his-service 1 To make evch'you bolieve in my husband’s* #u goodness; I'tv'm sure! that J X shall only havo to add .thatf -fearing! that Lancelot and my any longer conneoftbh/ f ,with.!‘l>im j’jvoulij bringjdoiwn ruin prt our heads beTlast/riigli tj us surriopti 'h the cjfecf) that 1m was, going to.face fltfd” meet ITis fchat" iic intendg'd' to jbear ' i$j|l as/Jiis jp5Vi)/ (hat as wb liud mnmy jovod eacb otherjlioi dtoped that his-death .would ronJove- all 1 obstacles to our,pniqn.’ 4 And that was bow only you and' young Lfitgh were found by the crowd win invaded..the old house in Ghost Lane last njght1L<u'.... ; • 4 It ijf..: 1 , Lancolot'jenow nothing of his and you,."ah you rausb surely romomberi mo pausing on tbo stairOaeo to rci»d! 5 ft ; scrap ; of papejr, .\yhich :X fbund pinned tOimy alurV ■ >;; , .'‘vPIstinotly, as well ns my own fool in gk nt Hie.,tirne, when,I„beUov()d that;you -woromywifqJ j * Thatrj3orap of - paper’wks tbo farowoll -Broken 6f, nnd.now you! wlll' Hiroly not wonder that during its perusal I .was deaf even to the wild language that’ you were indulging in at tho time.’ *1 do not wonder. But do you intend to take your apparently doomed husband’s advice, and marry Lancelot Leigh; when he is no more.?’, . r< .■ ' ‘■What a cruel question ; but I will answer it nevertheless. My husband, before ho had known me five was ready to offn* up his life' for my sake. Do you imagine 'that after knowing-him tfor long^fd'pnM l9 * r ! ftnt l >TOC.ei v yin.g such treatment ns 1 have at his hand', I'can be less ready to do the like for him ? If you do you must take me for a stock or stone, No,..this .very eyoiupg I start for London to plead his/cauVo, first with the queen, nud if slip fails me then with the king— his cause, and of coarse Lancelot Le : gh’s also, for I should be guilty of the blackest ingratitude were £ to forget him— since., though I love him no loag.-r, I owe blip a . very deepvdebt of {’thank fulness, and I besides promised his father not much.; more <ban an hour ago’ : , v! i ‘You did?’ broke in Sir Harry" ex- 1 oitedly. ‘ Ho got you to p-oama iliat ’ you would use every effort to s-ivoolm !sqn|? ‘Why ?' exclaimed Rose, both shocked and astonished at this outbreak of violence, * was it not a very natural .rc~ quest under, the,circumstances 1’ , ‘ Undoubtedly, but confound it, I can see (hat you don't ovm guess, far loss know all. Well save the young fellow if you can, and let his, father go to tho de-deuce. He’s a scoundrel, a scoundrel of the very meanest and basest kind, ’But enough of’hiro, more than enough of him. Yp.u, aio ft good, generous, and. noble minded woman, and, having proved you such, I can talk to you of your sister again.. Believe me that she is in no danger. Haloamus Greenwood lias bargained with me to discover her and set In r free for a thousand pounds which are to bo increased to guineas if he performs his part of the contract before -one o’clock to-morrow morning. Old Leigh made rao almost vow—*>ut there, there, we have done with him, and I do assure you that, from my knowledge of Gronwood, the scour drel will be too eager to grab even tho odd shillings to delay Ruth’s restoration a single moment before thq.tixed hour.’ '. 1 Alas, liis very reason for stopping me was to make ; froih conditions,’ said Roue almost wailingly. ‘ What, does the villain dare to demand a yet large r sum ?’ . ‘No, but ho i« afraid to como near you, knowing, as he does, that it was ho. whom you thought you were seltling’scorcs with last night. Nor docs he care to approach a prison, or anyone connected with the administra'ion of' the laws; end so he stipulated that he shall bo paid the money through my father, at tho house in the wood, whither ho will bring Ruth, and hand her over on receiving it. It was he who forced me to' usit you horn, by the most awTubrepreicntations of what might happen lo my sister if I refused to do his bidding.’ ‘ Well’, T 'dpn’fc see why your father should not p»y him tho money, nor do I know of a bettor place that Rath could be tnk( n than her childhood's finin'*, ut least until I am free, and can take her back lo mine, for 1 have, forgiven her, quite forgiven her, even though I now know You can tell her 'so, i'idmd' 1 wish thnt'yhu wbnUl.’ .... ‘I wish that I could, hut I dare not delay my, departure for. London,,eyo.n long: enough lo see -her,' forHalcamus (loblarpd to me lint he coald :; ndr Ribr free before - the -dead, -of- night, . when the s' -frets Verb[qjnqt and folks, hria'-gpno Ip,! 1»$&‘ ‘i y. • ‘ Ah, I had fo-gittf-n that you had other palls. But have you tho means'of prosecdtiii’g' t henv, am'plfe moans,’ that is'to. say? If, not 'I wish; that you would allow me to bo your 1 banker, us eom>‘ atoiK-ment for th>: cruel ordral that for the Irist h'llfdiour £ have; boon,subjecting: you tp!’v V ; • - ./! ‘ You have more than atoned for that by forgiving Ruth. B sides, bankers only advarice money when they are srire of being repaid.’ , 1 Let me advance you any sum that you may require a' a brother then—for in that'position would I stand now/imd iii that position I lia/e’ a right to. stand. If I whs free £ would accompany you to London, for highwaymen and other perils thickly.besot;th© way..,;. However, if you, will accept 1 6f my 'steward’s; escort in pltcc of trine ho is a sturdy and honest fellow of the. name of . Miles Joyce ; well high old chough to be your father, 7 ,and to be thoroughly trusted, This steward, ri conple of the ‘best horses in my sin bins, and a hundred guineas, you: will find much, more useful than mere sympathy arid pood wishes, though 1 will throw them in along for just what they are worth.’ I ought to say no to your, kindly nff rs, considering how much you have lost through Ruth and my father already',' but, considering my husband’s and Lancelot Leigh’s danger and needs, I really cannot.’ ‘ Say rio. more about it. You .confer a ‘favor instead’of receiving one. I will at once write a note to my steward, direct ing him to lodge a thousand guineas in your father’s hands before four o’clock this afternoon, and also to hold himself ready to accompany you to London, and so for’h. You can oi'her send or to de« liver such letter at L’sbon my pre sent abode, but £, think I wpuld advise you to deliver it personally, beexuSo what one does oneself is always sure to bo well done.. I have hut to ring this boll and 1 shall bo duly wailed on and supplied with all I want, oven in a prison. Bat ns -the doctors declare that young'iLeigh is sure to recover from his wourid I am fSiri'to hope That I shall not remain hero very long.’ , ‘ Aqd is-he sure to recover ?’ exclaimed Rose in joyous accents. , ‘ His father did not toll mo so when I was there.’ ‘ His father is a—well, to draw it mild, unmitigated o’d humbug. He told! roe hril fan-hour ago# that hiri/iri<TUciU; at tendant, . considered hia recovery certain, R'pmj. me for the i"juries that I had inflicted on him T should use all .my influence with [M f ro t m the oonßcqu.(mppa;p£/lh.Oß.crp,pp,.<wliioli| ho hud got into in your.and your husband’s tttfj'tr, f .//And you wiU do'so , o '' - f A | rtfrir the young and I will do as much as I can for your ihus- also, but, hpavpi/s. sake don?t rivei:* , rft.te my power and so-relax your own'bfibrts, for i’m somewhat diffident of. | lt ! fdyself I db assure you. Hpwbyer, 1 will do my beat» and no, man cap do more, ■bq this precious letter.’ And ns ho S r, ’big boll, and ft turnkey promptly answered Tt.; . / ;flve minptes the. letter j was *written' arid hands, ‘who affor again pouring fi fbrtl) her Thanks to the baronet, notwithstanding that he tried all ho could to nip them in the bud, *quitt6d 7 hiscell' iria vriry*difforerib frame, of mind to that in .which abe had entered it.' ■ '■' . CHAPTER LXXIX, " Rose hadn’t got very far on her way .homewards when sho came around a street dorner face to face .-with Captain Leigh once more.' . , : , .• 4 The yin dioti ve o!d rascal had purposely contrived it so, in order to have the opportunity of gloating oyer the condition m’w.hich he had made tip his mind, that the poof girl would . bo after her interview . with Sir-Harry'Howftrth. ‘ I’ve peppered her soup for Her, and if dtdon’t,Scald her throat in the swallowings • amLbrmg.tears into her 6yes as'well, I’ll eat my wjg.Vbe had muttered to himself with-a_chuckle while indulging in racy anticipations,of the treat that was instore for him. In tho-sdmo «pirit he now said to her ‘.I hope you found your-brother-in-law resigned- to‘ his sad' position, Lady Stranraer?;-Not that I Mamo him, mind lyoti—not lliat l blame him. Your long vMt must-have afforded him a deal of '*ure~eb'h-ol} 1* / If- hfis afforded me a groat deal of com i fort, for Sir Harry has behaved in the'; rtibst kil-.d and generous manner, and for'* warded, .my own and' my husband’s interests, which of’course include your, son’s in .every way conceivable. ..Ho Has' offered ) me tho bost.mount stHbLs for my;journey to London, given mo his house.steward for a pro'color, and do* frayed every possible expense out of his own purse, added to which , he ransomed my sister out of the power and the cus tody.of an unscrupulous villain, and allowed mo the satisfaction, by the mere utterance of a few words of simple homely truth, to clear away all doubts and mis conceptions,’' answered Rose in tinging, joyous accents.- ‘Oh, oh, indeed, oh—good morning— good morning,’ grunted the sadly disap pointed captain, and darting away from Rose, in , order to conceal Ins rage attd chagrin, ho hobbled .across-the street so fast that he jerked the calf- of ono of his legs round to the front. Meanwhile Rose pursued her course to Lisbon Hall, whore she asked for the steward, hut while* crossing the vast hall to his office she was staited by a shrill cry of 1 The wthr-wolf ! Oh, the wehr wolf is coir e back. Help, help, or it will de vour me V and glancing round she beheld a very beautiful but wild eyed looking girl df about eighteen years of age, running up the staircase in evidently the greatest state 1 of alarm. She knew at once by the richness of her dress, that she must be the baronet's daughter, and also that slie must have mistaken her for Ruth, her stepmother ; bnt then, why should she 'have br-en frightened of P.uth, and above all why should she have called her a wehr-wolf?’ These wonderings distressed Lady Stranraer exceedingly, yob she carried through her business with the steward in a perfectly calm and collected manner, and then disdaining to make what might have looked like underhand inquiries even of him, concerning his young mistress’s evidently fear of her sister, she quitted Lisbon Hall and once more returned to the old house in the wood, where she de lighted her parents -with the account of alt that sho had done, and' the success which had attended her interview with Sir Harry Howarth. \- An- hour later the'steward arrived with the thousand guineas, which old John .immediately stowed-away in a pl-co of •fancied security, though ho did not into id; it to bo by any'inhaiis the. final one, and .almost- as soon as Mr Joyce- had taken; his ‘wont out into' the grounds, and'tied a strip, of...bright rod rig.-on to a shrub, in such a.* way that it., could bo plainly seen from the entrance gate, as Halcamus Greenwood had atipu : hiked. But hardly had she.made all fast when she heard a voice calling her .by. her name; ■and looking round perceived Halcamus, landing without the gate, and almost concealed by tho stone post, beckoning to her to come to hiuu To refuse such an applicant was, of course, impossible, so Rose went up to the gate, and spooking to bim over it asked him what ho required? ‘ Did you work the oracle-all right, and did the old bloke who has just left bring the ribno ? ’ inquired Mnloamus eagerly. ‘ Ho brought the thousand guineas, if that is what you mean. They are now in my father’s custody, and he will instantly transfer them to you,, on * Sir Harry Howarth’s bolmlf.updn your handing over to him, safe and uninjured, my sister,’ responded Rose, ‘ 6h, that’ll bo ail fight. Tho old gentleman may expect us between half past cloven and twelve. 'And you 1 When do you start ? ’■ . - ‘ lain sorry to say that I must leave much before then.* ‘Well, well, it can’t bo helped I suppose; but you may go with your mind quite at rest about Ruth. Sho will ho all right.’ With thoro words ho departed, making his way by a circuitous route round tlx* ground*, and up into thick undergrowth that covered the hillside at the back of tho old house, and between it and the vicarage and church. Here he lay close, for neither did ho care to be seen wandering aiml-ssly about Rochdale, or to lose sight of the house that now * contained his treasure—tho treasure that was to make him a gentle man in the new world, with sugar to sell, canes to distil his dearly loved rum from, and black slaves to tbrash whenever ho felt an ill humor. Lying there all alone, however, tho strangest and most unpleasant doubts and suspicions began to crowd into his head— suspicions that Mr. Radeliff-, who ho had always regarded ns a ‘ sly old fox,’ and ‘ an artful old file,’ would attempt to cheat him out of t he thousand guineas when once he was securn of Ruth. ‘ And what should I do if ho. wero to pluy mo Ruoh a dirty trick V soliloquised the paat.gmnd master in the. playing of tricks of a much more sable hue,* I couldn’t lake the wench back, when once I’d brought her- hoiue. Egad, he’d have me right hard down under his thumb, the old ’rascal wobldi'ftbt and doubt' of it.- Oh, I rau t weigh the pros and cons of this matter over a pipe or two, and try to hit upon which he’ll be unable; to got the upper hand of : mb, scheme as| hard as he'will.-' I daresay I’ll succeed,i for I aren’t exactly a fo6K’‘ ' ’’ So HalpjMUUB Greenwood smoked and thought, and thought and smoked, and in the course of an hour arrived at .tho ; conclusion that, ns the money was un-. doubtcdly .it tho house, and no man occupied it now of a night time except old John;, he would effect an entry, and either bjf force or persuasion obtain tho money, and afterwards go for Ruth and bring hdr'h'orae, ’■ , ’ 1 ’lt was not a Wil idea in tho main, and as the teader will at once porcoivo, it’was one. calculated In every way to olu- ckraato old RadbUffo’s sbhomo for getting, back his daughter and yob preserving Sir Harry Hdwntth’s thousand guldOas, which ho had, .resolved to do in the confident expectation that at least ' half of* the amount would bo bestowed upon himself. It was a wonder, some of our readers may think, that Mr. lladcliffe didn’t stow away two or throe armed watchmen in the hous", in order that Qulcamus might be arrested for unlawful abduction of Ruth the moment he restored her, but folks hadn’t been trained to rely on a police in- those days, and were far more abcustomed to take the law into their own bands. Even if it hadn’t been so, old John -would haveshrunk from tho expense, as well ns the scandal that such a .course would have occasioned. Well, Halcamus Greenwood- lay in hiding amid the wooded slopes of the hill, and so near to the old house that ho could have thrown a stone in through any of tho windows that wero on that side, until day changed into night. He still re mained until the stars were up, and be heard, rather -than saw, though he also did that dimly and indistinctly, a coup'o of saddle horses arrive with one rider and depart'.with two, by which ho knew that Lady Stranraer had departed for London and he was aware that, Mr. and Mrs, •Radcliffe and a solitary maid-servant alone remained in tho house, for -Mr, Radcliffe’s income had so dwindled, or rather run down, that since thn spring ho had sold his horse, discharged his groom, and reduced his indoor establishment from three domestics to one. This was all in the burglar’s favor, who, however had still ono enemy to reckon with, tho bull dog Dcwdrop whose friend ship he had never been able to gain since, in obedience no orders, he had cropped it’s ears according to the then hideous and cruel fashion when it was a mere pup. Tho thought of tho bull dog made Greenwood’s blood cardie for an instant, but then’ he resolved that bo would then go and get a junk of rub some poison into it and drop or fling it into the yard which Dewdrop was wont to perambulate. Ho knew that the dog would gulp such a von bouche with avidity, and five minutes later would bo in no condition to lakq an after bite at n human throat, which was the fierce brute’s favorite point of attack. ‘ And it would be an unfair fight, for I doot even moan to load my pistols,’ soliloquised Halcamus. ‘ Many n man has been frightened or riled into commit ting a murder, and so noosed a rope around his own neck, I’m not goinj to be such a fool. A gouty old man, who’s sure to be half fuddled as well, isn’t likely to worst me, and I’m sure I’ve no wish to injure him. Oh, he’ll hand over the coin as mild as cream, and then I’ll bring him heck his daughter within an hour, for I don’t want to injure her either. Poor lass,she’s had trouble through me already. Halcamus Greenwood felt quite amiable and benignant at tho near prospect of becoming possessed of a thousand guineas, with, ns ho believed, the very smallest degree of risk attached to the getting, and* thonka to his shrewdness, with no chance either of being tricked or dono out of it by his foxy old once master. lie was still giggling over his own superior p-T- pmacity, when, in f'-cling about in tho darkness for his tobicco pough, ho plunged his hand and arm into a fern concealed rabbit hole, when a fresh idea at once struck him. ‘ I’ll bring the money and hide it away in this hole while Igo for Ruth, for' a thousand guineas I’ve been thinking all along would ho an awful weight ts carry about me, and to squc'za down and up through tho viper’s nest and the trap door with. Yes, I will bring it.up here and bury it, and mark this tree trunk with my knife, so tint T can’t mistake where it lies, for I her.* are hundreds of similar hole-s round about I’ll be bound. Egad I may as well mark tho tree now, nyo, and take its exact bearing as well. Let’s see, it forms exactly the apex of. a triangle, taking tho summer house on; the loft and the water butt besides the back kitchen window as the two poi-its of the base. Then it is in a straight line too with that big rhodooendron below, and tho tower of St. Chad’s Church above—aye, there’ll be no missing it now. So ho whipped out his knife, and cut a little noth on tho whste satiny trunk of the silver ash tree, and then got up and made his way obliquely across the hill side into Packer street, decending which he crossed the old bridge and went on to Toad lane, where ho got half a pound of leg of beef for o penny, saying it was for his dog. Next wa'king down to the river’s side, he seabed himself on the bank, and draw* ing out of his packet a small packet of arsenic powder, which he was still taking for his skin complaint (a'troublesome kind of oczema)hohad rubbed it well into tho meat until it was thoroughly impre gnated therewith. Having thus prepared Dewdrop’* supper, and tho clock of St. Chad’s Ohnrch iufo-ming him that it was alieady ten o’clock, lx* felt ibat the timo hari arrived for carrying his plot into effect, and without a single moments irresolution ho re-croised the river, this lime by the wishing stones, in order to do so, (to dr continued.) 