nm FROM IIOWHERE. "The rich in tho lamp arc bad."— Tenny son. There are ll.'JGO football clubs in Eng land. Ghosts up Singleton way. AVhoro is Mrs. Alellon 7 Common-sense is notloeated in one's purse or pocket. " Nature knows nothing of riuh men ; she bore us all poor."— St. Ambrose. " Man is like fire, and woman like straw j the devil blows in between.''— Tueciiii. Five men in the Fairfield, SoIoDa(U..S A.) county gaol escaped by burning the wall. Marriage doubles tho capacity for happi ness, without always donbling tho happiness. Tho Dean case is to drag along for another month, A splendid thing for Salomons and Pilcher, Sydney photographers are o.xpcotcd shortly to olTor premiums for tho privilege of taking portraits. It is really pathetio to hear an old bachelor say that ho is perfectly happy, and try to provo it. A man may bo as honest as the day is long, and still do a great deal of mischief during the night. A plunge bath at Coolgucdio costs 3s. Gd.; a shower bath, Is. Gd.; and "a wash," Gd. AVater is now Id. per gallon. During tho throe weeks the Divuroe Court has been silting, UO oases have boon dealt with, only one of which was defended. A Kanaka leper has been found on a pla ? tation at Mackay, Queensland. When will the animals bo excluded from Australia 7 Georgetown (Q.) is to bo deprived of its oriminal uourb for twclvo months because Judge Noel found fault wit't tho verdict of a jury there. Tho " Firebugs" secret society in New York had for its object tho insurance money on buildings it burned down, its profits this year being stated at £'iO,dOU. Some 5,000 horses, in Eastern Oregon, havo been sold to bo packed as meat in Portland. There is no law compolling suoh meat to bo labelled, and it goes as beef. Tlicy say there are microbes in a kiss ! Such stories really ago us ; We've often tried but never found That kisses were contagious. A telegram from Perth states that a Japanese diyor, engaged in pearling in Bar-' row passage, was oaten by a school of sharks wliilo working at tho bottom of the sea. Twenty-six thousand persons oommitlod suicide in Franco during the past four years. Tho main cause for Ibis wholesale solf- doBtruction is said to have been poverty. In Italy 8,000 persons committed suicide during the same period. There are at present G,000,000 farms in tho United States. About one-half of tho population of the Republio, or over 30,000,000 people, live on them ; and these farm-dwel lers furnish more than 7-1 per oent. of the total value of tho exports of tho country. The death of tho boa constriotor at the Zoological Gardens has been followed closely by that of the magniSoont ostrioh presented to the gardens some time since by the Queen. Tho ostrich, which had been in ill-health for several weeks, suooumbod to lung disease. Quo of tho finest buildings in the city is that of the Equitable Assuranoc Society, which is well worth a visit. Immediately opposite this building, and distingnished by the rainbow sign, is Cole's Sydney Book Ar cade, tho best establishment in Sydney for books and literature of every description. The latest thing in the mcdioal science is surgery for t he cure of idiots. The opera tion consiets in taking out a pieoo of tho skull-bonu from tho top of tho licad, thua giving tho cramped brain room to grow. Two ohildron, idiots from birth, wore oper ated on in Now York last week. " A kiss is like a bath. That you take from the river ; You can tako and take and take. And tako them on for over, Aud still there's just as many As it you hadn't over Taken one." — Sir H. Pnrkcs. Four men, employed by the Wimmora shire council to destroy the no.xious weed stink- wort, havo been poisoned on tlto arms and face by the weed, which has a peculiar oRect on the system, causing tho body to swell rapidly. Their joints at the wrists and elbows became quite black, and the arms and hands covered with a number of largo white blisters. The projected Paris Exhibition of I'JOO is to cost £1,000, 000, to cover an area of nearly 2,000 acres, including the Champ dc Mars and all the open gronnd near it, tho Espla nade dea luvalidcs, tho Trooadoto, the Jardtu do Paris, tho present site of the Palais do TInduatrio, and all the quays between tho bridges of La Concotdo tmd Jd la. An alarming iuoidcut occurred during a bull fight at Barcelona. The third bull was being fought by a French troupe, when tho terrified animal jumped over the barriers into the midst of tho spectators. A general panic immediately ensued, aud a rush was made for the exits. One of tho civil guards fired at tho bull, wbioh fell down dead. The bullet, however, picrood tho animal's body and killed one of tho spectators. During the rush several persons were injured. The ladies of the harom of the late Ismail Pasha havo arrived in Cairo from Constanti nople. Thuy were rcouivcd by some of tho other Khodivial princesses, who offered " tho auguet widows ' every mark of sympathy in their boreavomout. One lady, in all Bcrious- UC5B, has sent a tologram to the spirit of tho pashn, asking his pardon for some annoy ance that she had caused him during hU life, While tho Dunbar Castle, of tho Currio line, was on her homeward voyage between Capo Town and Mosel Boy, Smith, tho ship's oarpcntor, fell overboard, A young seaman named Ilattou sprang into the water and swam to tho assistance of bis shipmate, but before he eonld reach him, Smith became the prey of a shark. As tho monster seized him the unfortunate fellow throw up his arms with a shriek and disappeared. Ilatton was pioked up by a boat from tho liner. AVhon ho got back to tho ship he found him self the hero of tho hour, At tho Vienna station a young man alighted from a carriage and was going along the platform when a glass cylinder fell from him. It was picked up, and found to bo filled with what appeared to be red bon-bons. These wore, however, afterwards examined by a chemist, and it was discovered that tho seemingly harmless sweets were composed of the strongest sublimate, and that each globule was snfficient to cause the death of 10 persons, It is believed that the young man who dropped this dangerous case of poisons oame from Paris. Ue was not attested at the time, but the police are dili gently searohing for him. Some latest development of that spirit of landlordism whtoh has endeared property holders to their tenants for years, comes to band. A father-in-law to a widow rented her a form and assisted her by advice in many way.s, even extending his generosity 80 far as to accept of her hoepitality and establish himself at her fireside, He would from time to time advise the purchase of a cow or some other acquisition to tho wealth of tho place, and as soon as there seemed to bo a better chance of it progressing, adopted the usual course of raising the rent. Fresh exertions were required to meet this extra strain, and money was kindly advanced to make ends meet. So affairs progressed under the shadow of a bill of sale, until one day that father-in-law closed upon them, and is now tho owner of a woll-furnishcd and heavily-stocked form at a cost of what 7 One month's rent without interest.— Uobart Glipuor, 