THE SUNDAY SCHOOL. INTERNATIONAL LESSON. SUNDAY, APRIL 21st. WATCHFULNESS. — MATT. XXIV. 42-51. Golden Text (Mark xiii. 33).— 'Take ye heed, watch and pray.' Introductory. ' To TeacJiers. — Connect this lesson with Matt, xxiii. 42 61, going back to the last words of. Jesus in the Temple. A Word Picture of the scene, as Jesus views the Temple buildings, and foretells their destruction ; the slow, sad walk up the sloping sides of Olivet ; then on its heights, in full view of Jerusalem and the Temple, Jesus speaks the earnest words of prophecy and exhortation to His disciples, of which our lesson is a part. Bead the whole of the chapter. This lesson cannot be understood without a view of the facts on which it is founded ; as we cannot understand a roof or tower without taking into view the whole edifice on which it is built. I. — Watching and 'Waiting. Watch both in the Greek and the Eng lish is closely allied to wake. It expresses not a mere act, but a state of wakefulness and watching. ?? What the Saviour enjoins is not curiosity straining to be the first to see the returning Master, but the wakeful - ness and diligence that overlooks no duty, indulges no indolence. Work and watch. Unless we work we shall not keep spiri tually awake and lively ; unless we are awake we shall not work. The last thing that would please a master would be the idle curiosity which would make the ser vants neglect their work to stand outside the door gazing to catch a glimpse of his return, what the Master desires is wake ful work.' The suddenness and un expectedness of the coming of Christ uuiib iur jueetuui tmeuiion. Any aay -tie may come ; any hour may herald His ap pearing. The attitude of faith in Dr. Budington's beautiful phrasing ' is that of listening for the footfalls of an approaching Eedeemer.' The Coming of Christ at the Destruction of Jerusalem, and His Coming at the end of the World, are spoken of on the same pages of the Scriptures. We must extend the ordinary meaning of the ex pression — the Coming of Christ. Christ came in the flesh at the Incarna tion. . Christ came at the Destruction of Jerusa lem. Christ oame, a Spiritual Presence, when the Holy Ghost was given. Christ comes now to every individual in the hour and article of Death. Christ comes in every signal manifesta tion of Redeeming Power. Christ will come again at the end of the World. Every great opportunity is like a coming of Christ to us. And when it is gone the gates close upon us- One of the saintliest men that ever lived was Leigh Riohmond Few were ever more useful in their day and generation Of few can it be said so truly, that he being dead yet speaketh. But what did he say to one who stood by, while he lflV l^\71YlCr9 ' T^vnfVloi' llvnf.hnr1 ma nva virhnA of us more than half awake.1 This is the highest region in which divine words have application. But in lower realms the law applies. , The hours of youth never come back again. LesBons not learned at school cannot be learned in early manhood or womanhood. We must gain the accent of a foreign language in childhood or the op portunity has' slipped away for ever. Loss of time is the - greatest of all losses, because it cannot be bought in any market. We must watch against tempters and ocoasions of temptation. We must keep awake for ocoasiona of getting good and doing good. II.— Lessons in Parables. A faithful servant, ver. 45-47. A simi lar parable is given in Luke xii. 42-46. A steward was generally a Blave whom his master had chosen on account of his trust i worthiness and intelligence to be the H steward of his estate. H 1\. The good servant is faithful, to his B lord and in his trust. B 2\. The good servant is prudent, in watoh- 1 ing for his lord's coming. I 3\. The good servant is ieneficent, using I bis power as a trust for others. I 4\. The good servant is patient, in con- g tinuing his well doing till the coming of his I lord. I The reward of faithfulness oonsists in I larger capacities, larger opportunities, both I for joy and service. So that life should be I a solemn watohtime for the coming of the [ Lord. 