Anglican Synod on Education. Yesterday tbe Anglican Synod gave its attention to a triple-headed motion by one of its members, in those words . " (o)'Tbat this synod desires to reoorcl its protest against the absence of roligious: teaohing from' the State schools of the colony. (4) That in tho opinion of the synod a partial measure of relief would, be obtained by the adoption of clause 17 of the New South "Wales Act into the educational code of the colony, (o) That his lordship the president be (aha hereby .is) respectfully requested to petition the legislature in the name of the synod in tbe sense of the foregoing reso lutions." The motion was. amended to make olause (4) read as follows:, "That this synod desires to reaffirm the policy contained in the council's ropoft for 1891 — namely, the adoption of olause 7 of the Public Instruction Aat of Now South Wales — and also would further recommend the inolusion of olause 17 of the said Aot into the existing Educa tion Act of this colony." Later still tho motion was further amended, removing the word "legislature" from the clause of reference, and making it to read that the resolution be sent to tho Bible in State Schools Loague. As thus finally amended and left, the resolution is a poor weak-look ing thing. 'Bishop "Webber is under stood to havoBhaded his oyos and looked at it, romarking, sotto voce, ""Wonder what I shall do with it." The resolution, and tbe discussion on it, if it may be cnlled a discussion, showed how utterly somo mombers of the synod failed to grasp tho situation. Had there been any reality in section (a) of tho motion it must havo beon clean knockod out of it by tlio cruel conduct of Mr. L. E. Groom.' A ghost's appearance on the soeno could hardly have created more alarm to a . clorical mind. The first clause of the motion deplores the absence of religious teaohing from " the State schools of the'colooy.", Under anxiety for rcligion even a clergy- ,man may. be forgiven for suoh a specimen of composition ; and Mr. Groom took no advantage ot the sole cism ; but in the moBb heartless manner he remarked, that ..he had. been through and had obtained. his- education in these schools, and yet there ho was a synods- man. He has, it seems, graduated from a primary school to a grammar school, from a grammar school to a university, and from a university to an Anglican synod. In these schools he -passed uncommonly well, and , finully obtained the highest degrees possible to date. . ' Being still a very young man he yet, is an Anglican : churchman of recognised ohiiraoter, equal to bis being made a member of thesynod of his ohuroh. It is not for him, or those who think with him,, to show that he is an exception ;' it is for those who aay that no religion is' taught in our primary schools' to show that the absence of such teaohing is responsible for any part of cither the immorality or the crime in Australia. Not one of the speakers attempted to do it; They all of them indulged in unprovable generalities as to what education should be in regard to religion; hut no one Bhowed.that it wohldjbe practicable in mixed and.;free communities';- no ono brought forward a' grain of fact in . proof of tbe allegation that. .no religion is taught in .'State schools;, nor :w«s there' - a grain of fact to sho.w that the community is suffering frotii the lack of it. We do not say .that it is, pot ; .but only that ho proof of it was given.- ' If it could be given in piles of statistics, every page of them could be used to show that the present ' public school systems, in Aus tralia, iu regard to the non-inclusion of special religious- instruction, are wholly due to the unreasonable and irreconcil able attitude of the churches. 