II. There was do party at the Chase on flew Tear’s Eve, Lady Lyndon having som* kind o? prejudice against the frivolity of dancing the New Tear in and the Old Tear out; aad tae next evening was fixed for the ball. we had spent most oi toe aay m tne saddle, and the smoking-room was boot. deserted, as after midnight mutual con gratulations and good wishes spoken, on* by one the fellows lounged away to bed; and only Henderson, myself, and young Dick Cheyaie, of Badlands, a younger son of a younger branch of the most illustrious house of Lyndon, were left to finish our cigars over the dying fire, Jack havicg gone out for a final consultation with my lady over the difficult question of prece dence. ' It was a still, moonless night, a. heavy, impenetrable blackness against which the blacker shadows of the trees stood out faintly here and here; a alight tog rose from the damp earth, but the air was so warm and close we had set the window wide open and sat before it, Henderson lying back in a low chair, I opposite to him. Cheyne stood on the left, leaning hie broni? shoulders against the window-f ram*, hiB head thrown back a little as be watched the puffs of smoke from his cigar. The one window of the smoking-room opened on to the terrace, which ran the whole length of the side of the house; a broad gravel path, with a low stone bains trade, dividing it from the slope of turf below; itt the extreme end of the terrace, and angle of tne house, a high, ivy-covered wall shut out the kitchen gardens and stables from'view. We had not spoken for some minutes, and it seemed to me, as I sat watching the dull red glow of the fire on the panelled walls, that the silence without and within was growing a little oppressive, and I wa* conscious somehow of a desire to shut out the black stillness and heavy air of the night. I turned to speak to Dick. "I wish you would shut the window, Cheyne.” He drew his cigar from between his lips quickly, and with a warning gesture. “ Listen,” kl said) half uadsr his breath. Then there was a sound cl footsteps on the gravel outside—footsteps, certain.*!, but such as I never heard before, lee long, dragging, heavy tread of four feet it seemed to me, slow and stealthy, bat so distinct I could hear the rattle of loose gravel at each regular and measured i They oima nearir, and Oheyne d ew himself up and turned hia head towsras the equate of white light which shone through the open, unsheltered window into the darkness without. Henderson lifted his half-closed eyes. “ Whst is it P" he asked, indifferently. “ I don't know; a dog,_ I think,' an swered Cheyne, still keeping an eameit gaze on the ground before him. I got up, and stood looking over his shoulder. Tae sound was close behind us now, and the something slunk past our feet as we stood there, and disappeared. “ Some brute of a dog prowling about— but where the deuce has he gone I ex claimed Cheyne, still in an undertone. He strode out quickly on to the termer. The window at which wo were standing was not mora than two feet from the high wall at the end of the terrace, and the angle formed by it and the wall of the bouse was—with the exception of a'few inches of black shadow—filled with light from out lamps. The very ivy leaves and grey-green twigs of wisteria on the walls shone out clear and distinct, tut there was nothing there; and Cheyne kicked out among the roots of ivy and oreepsrs, and leaned over the balustrade, peering into the darkness below, before he cams back to mo. “I can’t make out where it went, he Baid, half impatiently. “ There’s no hole in the wall among that ivy, iB there P” " No, I think not. Listen again.” He turned round sharply, and took a stride back into the middle of the walk, standing full in the light from the win dow. The mysterious footsteps were coming back again, slower and more stealthy they sounded, but no less distinct than before. Henderson had risen and stood beside me, bis head bent forward a little to listen, his cigar held out carcfuily behind him. They came creeping on, these horribly slow, dragging stsp3, and then the shadow glided past onr feet again, and Cheyne wheeled round with a quick exclamation. There was nothing behind him, and every leaf snd twig on the terrace wall hung motionless in the damp, still air; nothing in the light, and the darkness was impene trable. “ I esn’t make ont where the thing dis appeared to,” he repeated a little excitedly, but speaking in the same low tone; “ I'm certain I saw something, didn’t you P” “ I thought so, but never mind it now come in and shat tbe window, tbere’B a good fellow j it’s getting cold." He followed me in, glancing back over his shoulder, and Henderson Bat down again, taming a little from the light. “ It’s a moBt extraordinary thing,” pur sued Cheyne; “ I’ll swear that something went by, bat where, in the name of all that's puzzling, could it have gone? It conldn’t have been a ghost, though I sup pose this .house is haunted, as all respect able old mansions ooght to be. I’ll ask Lyndon when he comes in if this is the ghost’s walk.” Henderson lifted his eyes from the floor and glanced at the lad half absently, it seemed, from beneath the half-cloBed lids. I started a little and followed hie glance unsasily; Cheyne's careless words had more in them than he knew of. “ Better not; I won'dn’t say anything at all about it, if I were yon,’’ I answered quickly. “ Why not P ’ Cheyne stared at me. “ Because, my dear fellow, this is the Rhosf s walk, and there is a tradition re specting it, which, I suppose, you don’t happen to know.” *• No; what iB it P” “Simply this: whenever footsteps are heard and a shadowy something is seen on the terrace out there, the Master of Lyn-1 don ia doome& to die withirrthryeair.” Cheyne laughed scornfully. “What non sense. Ton don’t mean to say you believe in euob rubbish, Lyodon F’ “I don’t say anything of the kind, but I know that Took believes in it most firmly. He believes he heard it before his father’s death, and that no Lyndon since the foun dation of the world has ever psssed away without this warning of death.” Cheyne shrugged his broad shoulders doubtfully. ‘‘ I shouldn’t have thought him so anperstitiouB,” he said, At that moment Jaok himself came in. “ Charlie, my boy, Lady Lyndon and I have earned your undying gratitude,” he began, with the gay, careless laugh that had so infections a ring about it. “Ton are the viofcim of a conspiracy for the suppression of bachelors, aotive operations entrusted to very fair hands; time and plaoe, the ball room to- morrow night; so prepare to meet your fate like a man, old fellow. Bnt look here; I received strict orders from Lady Lyndou to break up this oonolave, so I pro pose that wo retire. Henderson, I’m afraid that pulling brute of mine was too much for you to-day ; yon look tired.” Jaok had gone up to him, and was speaking in the low and exceedingly winning tone he sometimes used. Henderson answered, with his usual grave eoortesy, that he was a little tired and wonld go to bed. What was the meaning of the leek in those keen eyes, as they rested for a moment on the other’s handsome, sunny faoe ? It haunted me that nght with the persistency of a vague dim memory, unfolding itself in some dusty, forgotten corner of the brain. Twenty-fonr hours later, and the great hall at Lyndon was a blaze of lights, flowers and fine dresses, and I was man fully submitting to my fate in the person of a gay little heireBS of twenty summers. Jack performed his duties as host with un tiring energy and vigour; and I watched him onoe, as he stood near me in a pause of the danoo, bending down from his stately height to a slender little figure at his side, his dark eyes glowing a little, his clear, re sonant voice so gay ; suoh strong young life flushed into his handsome face and beat in his steady poises—it seemed strange, im possible, that he should be doomed. I polled myself np quietly. It was ab surd, worse than absurd, to let the vaguely troubled undercurrents of thought, that had haunted me since morning, gain the upper hand like this. I tried hard to dismiss suet thoughts, and yet, somehow, I found myself in the smoking-room again au hour after midnight, standing at the open window, and listening for the mysterious footsteps on the terraoo. The lamp on the table was turned down, and I did not at first see that I was not alone, until Henderson, half rising from the depths of his easy ohair beside the window, spoue to me. “ Have you oome here to osespe the heat and glare in the Hall, Mr Lyndon 7 'Pon my honour, I fonnd it a little toe muoh. I regret ts have to oonfess it, but I believe I am getting too old for this sort of thing.” It was another starless, moonless night, only the white ghostly light of a little sprinkling of snow, which lay here and there in tiny drifts, under the trees and on the gravel pathB, gleamed with a faint, pallid whiteness under the leaden sky; a restless breeze stirred among the nestling ivy leaves and leafless branohes of the creepers on the wall, and oame in at the open window. Sweeping into the silence oametho sonnd of voioes, laughter and musio from the ball room, a murmur, which rose and fell again with the Bighing of the wind, bnt failed to drown that other sound I was waiting to hear—the soft, stealthy steps on the gravel wsdk. V 1 had not stood there many minutes be fore they came, dragging slowly past tho closed windows of the library and drawing room, coming nearer and nearer—the sonnd a little deadened, it seemed, by the snow— until they passed my very feet, and I swung out on to the terrace with a sudden energy that must infallibly have brought me into sharp oolliaion with anything that had been there. Nothing but darkness and silenoe; and, baffled again, I returned to the window. Henderson’s chair was empty, and I caught the sound of the door oloaing after him as 1 came in, and took up my station once more to listen, the vaguely unoomfortable sensa tions of anxiety and foreboding against which I had been struggling all day, return ing on me with fuller feroe. It was not new to me, this tradition of the Ghost’s Walk, in whioh my nnole, Sir Philip, and his father before him, had be li«TM >o firmly, and In wbish Jack put as unquestioning a faith; hat I had nsver speculated oa tha subjeot before, and mow I found my icaptieiim leas atanrad than was altogether pleasing to a praotloal, oommon ■enae young fallow of seven-and-twenty. I stood sti'l listening and meditating, uneasy on these paints, when the door opened again, and Jack’s elear voice came ringing across the dark spaee between us, “ Charlie, is that yon ? Now, ’pom my word, this is too had ; you hare left the prettiest girl in the room to sit out the 1 My Queen Waltz,’ waiting for her trnant aava lier. You are being inquired for on all sides, and here I find you sitting in the smeking room. It really is too had.” He had oome over to me and laid his hand on my shoulder lightly, adding a quiok : “ What is the matter 2 You are not ill, my boy?” “111? ne; I only came for a breath of fresh air.’’ I recovered myself with some* thing of an effort. “ The rooms were so confoundedly hot, but I’d no idea I had been here eolong ; better go back, I suppose, and down on my knees before my deserted partner.” “ I rather think you had, but you don’t deserve to be forgiven either—and smoking, too, you barbarian. Listen ! what’s that ?” Lyndon's hand rested more heavily on my shonlder for an instant and he came a step nearer. I _ wonld have answered him, have kept him back if I ooald, bat something held me silent and powerless, and slowly again, bnt more distinctly, more heavily fell the sound of those stealthy footsteps on the white, silent, snow-covered terraoe, bringing with them now a sense of oppres sion and strange, unreasoning fear, against whioh I could not even Btrnggle. A moment later, an ugly shadow glided past our feet, and Jack leaned back against the window-frame with a half-suppressed ^ “Charlie,’’ he said under bis breath; “I did not think you were listening for that,” “ For what ? ’ I answered sharply, “ There is some dog abont, that is ail.” He took bis hand from my shonlder, went in and sat down in Henderson's ebair, turn ing his faee away from the light. “For pity’s sake, Jaek, don’t get that absnrd notion into yonr head; oan't yon hear a sound out thero without ianoying it is—is that ? It’s ridionlons, mere superstition,” I •xelaimed, seeing it was useless to feign ignorauoe of his mesning, He interrupted me with an impatient gesture, bat not raising hie head. “I heard it before, Charlie, whan my father died, I oannot be mistaken now. It is the warning for another Lyndon, within the year, you know. Well, I suppose I had oounted on as long a life aa most men. I hope you’ll have a longer reign than I, old fellow.” “Jack, Jaok, if yon want me to think you a sane man, don't talk like that; what we heard jut now is to be easily aooonnted for if anyone took the trouble to go round to the kennels. Come back to tbe Hall, there's a good fellow, and don’t talk abont dying and my reign like a superstitious old woman. ” I bent down to him a little as I spoke, and he turned to me, shaking bis head, but with a faint smile. ” Yon will not ridicule or argue me out of my couviotion, Charlie. Do you think it is possible onoe to have heard that and to have forgot tsn ? I tell yon it is the warning and I am doomed to die within the year. Rather advhe me to set my house in order, old fellow. ’ Argument, ridieule, persuasion were of no avail, and I grew rather desperate at lut, and hardly knew what I said in my earnest endeavour to dispel the unhappy fancy from his mind. “ Don’t Bay any more, Charlie; let us go baok to those people I have to entertain and try to forget it till that duty is done. And don’t say a word of this to Henderson or any of the other fellows,” be added in a lower tone, aa he got np and put his arm through “ Of course not,” I answered, almost dragging him out of the room in my anxiety to get away. Watching the lad closely, as I could not help doing while muBio, laughter, the sound of happy voices and rythmic fall of light feet on the polished floor went o-i hour after thrown off the gloomy foreboding which op pressed him so short a time ago, in tho steady, determinate uelf-control which made him join in danoe, jest and laughter with the same light-hearted gaiety of manner as before. Henderson was watehlng, him, too, and some touch of gravity in the calm in difference of his keen, dark eyes gave me the impression that he knew as nuoh of Lyndon’s fatal superstition as I did. {To be Continued.). 