FREEMANTLE AND PERTH * KURNALPI JACK' BACK FROM SHADOWLAND. From Albany to Freemantle is S35 miles, and our sea journey ended, our luggage checked and inspected by the Custom officers, we were at liberty to regard our selves as Westralians and prowl round and spy out the land, it is all right, If tnoney and rush, and bustle and business are good ] things, and excitement and evidence of pro- j gress everywhere may be taken as indicative of prosperity, then this iB God's country, and all men are white. There are no un employed in Freemantle except the few pro fessionals, who are everywhere to be found, and the Easteners, few of whom look for work here, all being eager to pnsh on to the fields. By tbe gate a large consignment of SydneyiteB arrived, only one of whom wanted to get to work without delay— for pecuniary reasons. He landed from the boat at 5 o'clock in the afternoon and before 6 was engaged to work at his trade (carpenter) at 10s per day. On the fieldB carpenters are getting £1 per day, and there are not half as many oi thee; as are wanted, piece workers in the vicinity of Perth and Free mantle can get piecework at good wagers, in fact any good tradesman~who does not like liquor better than labor can do well enough i here, and not dread starvation even if he ? arrives with less than a tenner in bis | trousers. Loafers and agitators are not wanted. The country is not educated up to appreciating them. As far as I can gather the Easterners, so far arrived, have not dis credited themselves, and Sir John Forrest, speaking at CotAgaTdie a few nights ago, advised the abandonment of all prejudices against 'tother siders,' to whom he as Premier of the colony extends a hearty welcome. » '* « Tbough food is generally dearer than fn the East, other necessaries— clothing, etc., are cheaper. There are no sixpenny or I threepenny hash-houses— the cheapest meal obtainable costs a shilling. Drinks are the ' same price, but not quite the same quality, j as those retailed in the best Sydney houseB. 1 am not taking any, 60 cannot speak from J 1 experience, but one or two of my fellow passengers, who emptied the flowing bowl ' several times in the same evening, developed ! mild forms of the 'jumps' in the morning, and presented the haggard, unrested appear | ance of men who had spent the night in sweet communion with an infant engaged , in cutting its first back tooth. Nothing is , done for nothing in this colony. You are expccted to pay for every service, however slight. The boy who carricd my portman teau along the wharf charged 2s. The youth who undertook to carry it thence to the hotel, at which I was fortunate enough I to get a .room, charged another shilling— , there is no system of .parcels delivery— and went to the wrong place. He dumped my i belongings down in tbo verandah and left them there, and whon I presented myself shortly afterwards at mine inn, the luggage was not, and there I stood, a stranger in a strange land, without either money or marbles, for my cash waa in the inside pocket of my other coat, and my other coat was in my portmanteau, and the boy— oh, where was he 1 Eventually I found him, and he undertook to reclaim my possessions and carry them to the right address for two shillings. Which 1 bad to pay, inasmooh as without him I conld not have got the j plunder. He was a youth or a mere lad. He ; has a future before him. I was in a measure consoled when I learned that be was an ; Easterner. 9 m 9 Even in Sydney such a steady inflow of population would tax the resources of the hotels and boarding- houses'. Here, as will be readily understood, when it is bome in mind that the average of immigrants is 1600 a week, every possible space and place ii crowded. Shake-downs are made up at 2s { each, and the privilege of spreading one's | blankets in a stable is retailed at a shilling. ; The hotels ask special rates, and get them j without a murmur or protest. Some of the female passengers by one of the boats last week had to walk abont Freemantle all night. Others were accommodated in verandahs. Some went to the police station for shelter and protection, an& half-a-dozen, wiser and bolder than the majority, rested in tbe carriages at tbo railway station, their male friends guarding their slumbers from the platform. At Perth things are no better. I met a Sydney man who had been walking around lor hours trying to get a bed for his wife— without success. He offered any price— 15s had been reached when I met him— but there was no chance, and but that a kindly barmaid gave up half her bed to the lady she would probably have been compelled to sit on the kerbstone till day light. Mnch of the space which would other wise be available is occupied by returning Easterners, who are going' home for Christ mas. but there is not nearly enough accom- ! modation. I am surprised some enterprieing citizen has not run up a wood and iron sleep ing barracks, in which a couple of hundred people could be bedded down. He would make a hundred a week for months ont of the investment. There are any nnmber of hotels in both towns, but they are full most of the time. They are also better conducted than some of those of Sydney. The publicans do not know their business. It is no uncommon thing to see a man denied liqnor when he is drnnk, even though he tenders good coin in pay ment for the same. And it is an uncommon thing to see a man thrown out on his head after he has spent bis last bean. Seats are provided for customers, who may drink at their leisure. The saloons are spacious and ! cheerful, and at night in all the houses i music and dancing is permitted, the music 1 being supplied by a paid pianist, ringing by I any who please to favor the company, and | i^n«rir-g amongst the inmates of the hotels ; 1 and friends. In few of the bars are drinks supplied to women, and with few exceptions I the houses are most respectably conducted. I visited Perth on Friday night, being shown 1 round by a Freemantle friend. The streets i were crowded, the- shops lighted and busy, the hotels were full, and business was in the I air everywhere. In one bar I saw a Sydney | girl— there are scores of them here— she was dressed in the most expensive garment*, and | as she stood up to her .work I noticed she had the contents of a jewellers' shop on her person. Her right hand was ablaze with d&mphdfj; 'bangles chased each other from hefr toifit to hfir elbow fvery time she pumped a glass of English, and ou her puffy golden hair jewels shone like morning dew dropB on a frayed rope's end. She was worth £500, if she was worth tenpence. She showed me a handsome pearl ring, which had just been given to her by a gentleman who vras to take her for a drive on Sunday. The girls run the hotel6— the landlords have little to do with making the business. Many of the maidens have shares in the mines, aU of them are apparently well off, and anyone could pick a husband from amongst dozens of monied men. ? * * In one of tbe bars I met a man who introduced himself to the company as 4 Kurnalpi Jack.' He was a quiet gentle manly fellow, and had been drinking. But he was by no means drunk— in fact he bad just reached the stage in imbibition when good liquor comforteth. He invited all nanaB to arine. aijl nanae joined mm. 'Have another.*' No refusal was accepted. He came over to me. * Have a bottle of champagne, he said. 4 No,- thanks, claret and soda is what the doctor ordered for me,' I replied. * You're welcome, yon know.' 'Thanks, I'm all right. What's up,1 somebody's birthday on.' ' Oh, no,' he answered, 4 I'm Kurnalpi Jack— Jack Eennedy. I've just sold out for £27,250, and I'm having a bit of fun.' He was. While 1 was there he 4 lent'— gave away I expect— at least £50 to friends who asked him for fivers and tenners, aud enjoyed himself thus in his own way with out 'flashness' or display. He told me he had plenty money, and knew where to get plenty more gold. I could not help envying him faie good fortune and his knowledge, and expressed the hope that he might never be any less finsh than he then waB. He was tolerably confident tbat he wonld not be. There was no surprise expressed at his liberality. I am told the incident iB not one which etands alone in Western experiences of the last eighteen | months. 1 have read and been told of similar occurrences. This one 1 witnessed, i Money here is not tightly held by those who I possess much of it. 4 Shout for all hands,1 | are in order in every saloon, though tbere is | very little drunkenness and not much i rowdyism. Every man is liberal— 1 am I speaking of the lucky returning miners. i * Is this sort of thing going to last,' I asked I a Melbourne man, who had been through , the experiences of prospector, reef -finder, ! promoter and floater. | ' Yes ; for years,' he said. i ' Is the bottom at all likely to fall out of I the boom?' 4 No; the gold it tlwrc.* Tbis iB the generally expressed opinion of men who have been there and know whereof they speak. 9 9 9 There are numerous romantic stories of the first finds. , One ? of the richest iuIbct might have been the property of a man who was peeling potatoes and slushing /round a .hash bouse for a living. He kneyv of the discovery, and was shown tbe gold/two days before any one, except the lucky prospector, was aware of it. Yet he took no advantage of his chance, and Fortune did not come round begging her to follow and cohabited with her. The claim, which he bonld have pegged out, was sold very soon /afterwards for £12,000. , Most of the finds have been the result of accident rather than the consequence of designed and oontinued effort. 4 The oonntry is strange and new, and | there is no method by which j^gold may be discovered. The old Gainers' i£ve not been nearly as enceeisfnl as the English Johnnies/ who didn't know muolc from muadic.' said a prospector to tne. ' The miners were guided by experience, and did a lot of hunting for nothing. Thenew chum went round poking with his pick and hiB hammer any where ana everywhere, and in the most unlikely places, and struck it rich— often in the soots where the old hands have stood and guyed him for a d— — fool.' 9 * 9 Strange things happen here. To-day I met an old Sydneyite, who died nearly a year ago. Or he was reported dead, and 1 amongst others mourned ^im, and penned a tribute to his memory, and sorrowfully drank good luck to him wherever he had gone* I refer to Dick Morris, 4 Rambler1 of the 'Held,* ' 3 that short-lived weekly of Ihe * Star/ . After tbe first greetings I said, 4 But hang '?£. it, Dick, you're dead ? Yon have no business ^ to be prowling round on the surface of the earth. We have written yon down - you ought to stop that way! You wo*?t get any notice next time yon go out^ if you're going to fool the boys &U; way. I Won't write another obituary for you yon send along an affidavit that you have thrown a main and are going to stop nnder ground till the trumpet sounds, ana you are **ligd up to start off the same mark as the zest of ue.' J 4 Well, yon'll have to resurrect me this time, as I am going to Sydney, and don't' i want to go back to a ghost's welcome. I'm ^ alive all right, and fairly fit, though I Vsade - a near thing of it. I was working down a shaft, and we had lighted the fuse to fin a shot, and left until it exploded, didn't. The fuse was bad. I went down § and drew tie charge, 'and put in m After waiting half an bonr or so, I went j down again, and got near the bottom wheaf it went off. I was knocked about ft . deal, had my head cut open in three plaSs, one eye nearly knocked out, and a conple^ of ribs broken. When they got me up the jpoys thought it was ali over, but I got through* and came round just in time to catch the fever which brought the fellow on the T»*r horse within half a length of me again, bnt I jnst managed to Btay it out, and here 1 am nearly as well as ever, and a little better off than wfcenlleft Sydney. 1 have not made a I done better than, some WW Well till ? the fields. After two years away from it I think I am entitled to a trip and a spell in old Sydney again.' 'The 'BaSabler1 looks well, the' thousands who read bis intelligent and backed his not too erratic fancier in tbi» days of his success with the pen, will beglai — - to hear that be has been at least fairly suc cessful with the pick. My next letter will be fromCoolgardip, where at present the misers are all idle, exemptions from penalties for non-working having gnanted until January, owing to the difficulty of obtaining labor. When the term of exemption expires nearly 10,000 working' miners will have to be employed to fulfil the labor conditions nnder which the leasee were issued. 