[?] Weather still dry. Annual meeting of Hospital January 22- Nominations for the Pony aud Galloway race meeting close to-morrow. Mr. F. A. Wright, M, P., will visit Glen Innes shortly. , The wheat harvest in this district is turning out well. A number of contracts for road 'work will be out in a few days. A rich discovery of stream tin is reported to have been made at Shannon Vale. Iiie Perrier entertainment Was not given Wed nesday night. A performance yesterday afternoon was fairly attended. : Morris Herrmann's great clearing sale com mences next Tuesday. Stock must be reduced ; all lines of drapery will be sold dirt cheap. The weekly bill for water atone hotel iu Cool- gardie runs to over £100. The cost of swaggers to one station in Hawke's Bay, last year, was over £400. Shares are quoted in London in Bayley's Re ward claim at from 14s to 14s 6d. At a sale in London a Stradiarins violin dated 1701 sold for £6000. i A great number of people have been frozen to death in Hungary. , Last quarter there wore in the colony 9792 births, 3674 deaths, and 184S marriages. The Board of Health are obtaining from England a supply of .antitoxin, tho new specific for diph theria. ... Great distress prevails in St. Johns, thp capital ' " of Newfoundland, . owing to the want of employ ment! An actress has just died in a London workhouse who, years ago, married a man worth £40,000, which was run through mainly by her extravageiico. 'A young beggar, on being arrested by the Mar seilles police,' was found1, to possess railway shares and other stocks representing £16,000. Mr. Foxlee, Engineer for Existing lines, is about UU iJUfCl 1119 LWIIHULWUH WUU UIIC OU1V1VC) uuu he leaves for England iu March. Mr. Eddy hopes that, in spito of the large ex penditure oil the Ocean- street cable, the line will yield 4 per eent. interest on outlay. Severe weather still prevails throhghout Europe' and numerous disasters by sea and laud are re ported. > Six British steamers -'have been . driven: 'ashore by icefloes at the mouth of the Nioolaieff River, in the Black Sea. The Minister for' Works has accepted a 'tender for the supply of 75,000 sleepers for the Narrabri- -Moree railway. . . : - A correspondent of a, Wanganui paper asserts that he has found an infallible remedy for asthma in the tea made from the gorse plant. People should never buy boots or shoes in the morning ' The feet are at their maximum size late in the day. A farmer named Daly has just died at Clonmult, Ireland, aged 105. As recently as six mouths ago he worked on his farm. The Government will shortly add several names to the magistracy list in various parts of the coun try. The will of the late Mr. John Walter, principal proprietor of the Times , has been proved. The; personality was sworu at under £277,000. A large shed at Gundagai, containing about 5000 bushels ol maize, was destroyed by fire 011 Monday morning. The cause of the outbreak is unknown. The whole of the property was covered by insur ance. At South Forbes 011 Tuesday morning Constable Hawkins shot an intending burglar named Bene-, detto Fnlchiero, and the man died shortly after wards. Two little children named Turvey have been lost' in the bush near Merrindoe, in. the Mudgee district, and all hope of finding them alive lias been aban doned. ' The Standard Time Act will come into operation in New South Wales from 1st prox., making the mean time here that ol the 150th meridian of east longitude. The Feilding (N.Z ) Star says : — Owing to the scarcity of maid-servants in this district men are being engaged to perforin the duties. They cost a little more in wages, but they do more work. The Minister for Lands fears the Legislative f!nnnni! ivill-sn mutilate the Land Bill as to make it absolutely useless for the purposes for which it was originally drawn. - Thomas Foster, who has recently been sentenced ' at Loudon to three year's penal servitude lor a number of petty frauds, was the originator of toe " missing-word " craze. A widow in Paris was so haunted by the fear of . encountering her dead husband's ghost that she married again; thinking that the presence of a "successor would keep the apparition away. Heavy falls of snow have isolated many places in Scotland, including Inverness. Id France and Italy, also, many villages aud trains are snowed np and railway traffic is blocked. In some of the ancient temples of Egypt per fectly sound timber of tamarisk wood, has it is said, been. found connected with the stone work, which is known to be at least 4000 years old. 