Tongues of Fire. By REV. DR. TALMAGE. Have ye received the Holy Ghost.—Acts xix. 2. The word "ghost," which means a soul or spirit, has been degraded in common parlance. We talk of ghosts as baleful and frightful, and in a frivolous or superstitious war. But my text speaks of a Ghost who is omnipotent, and divine, and everywhere present ; and 91 times in the New Testament called the Holy Ghost. 1\. I shall in the first place speak of the Holy Ghost as Biblical interpreter. The Bible is a mass of contradictions, an affirmation of impos- sibilities, unless the Holy Ghost helps us to understand it. The Bible says of itself, that the Scripture is not few "private interpreta- tion," but "holy men of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost :" that is, not private interpretation, but Holy Ghost inter- pretation. Pile on your study table all the commentaries of the Bible—Matthew Henry, and Scott, and Adam Clarke, and A'bert Barnes, and Bush, and Alexander ; and all the archæologies, and all the Bible dictionaries, and all the maps of Palestine, and al the Inter- national Series of Sunday School Lessons ; and if that is all, you will not understand the deeper and grander meanings of the Bible so well as that Christian mountaineer who, on Sunday morning, after having shaken down the folder for the cattle, comes into his cabin, takes up his well-worn Bible and, with a prayer that stirs the heavens, asks for the Holy Ghost to unfold the Book. No more unreason- able would I be if I should take up the Novoe Vremya of St. Petersburg, all printed in Russian; and say, " There is no sense in this newspaper, for I cannot understand one line of all its columns," than for any man to take up the Bible, and without getting Holy Ghost illumination as to its meaning, say, "This Book insults my common sense. I cannot und-rstand it. Away with the incongruity !" No one but the Holy Ghost, who inspired the Scriptures, can ex- plain the Scriptures. Fully realise that, and you will be as enthusiastic a lover of the old Book as my venerable friend who told me in Philadelphia that he was reading the Bible through for the fifty-ninth time, and it became more attractive and thrilling every time he went through it. 2\. Next consider the Holy Ghost as a human reconstruetor. We must be made over again. Christ and Nicodemus talked about it. Theo- logians call it regeneration. I do not care what you call it, but we have to be reconstructed by the Holy Ghosts. We become new creatures, hating what we once loved, and loving what we once hated. If sin were a luxury, it must become a detestation. If we preferred bad associations, we must prefer good associations. In most cases it is such a complete change that the world notices the difference, and begins to ask, "What has come over that man? Whom has he been with ? What has so affected him? What has ransacked his entire nature? . What has turned him square about? Take two pictures of Paul : One on the road to Damascus to kill the disciples of Christ ; the other on the road to Ostia to die for Christ. Come nearer home, and look at the man who found his chief delight in a low class of club rooms, hiccoughing around the card-bible, and then stumbling down the. front steps after midnight, and stag- gering homeward; and that same man, one week afterward, with his family on the way to a prayer meeting. What has done it? It must be something tremendous. It must be the Holy Ghost. 3\. Notice, in the third place, the Holy Ghost as the solacer of broken hearts. Christ calls Him the Comforter. Nothing does the world so much want as comfort. The most of people have been abused, misrepresented, cheated, lied about, swindled, bereft. What is needed is.balsam for. the wounds, lantern for dark roads, rescue from maligning pursuers, a lift from the marble slab of tombstones. Life to most has been a semi-failure. They have not got what they wanted. They have not reached that which they started.for. Friends betray. Health becomes precarious when one most needs strong muscle, and steady nerve, and clear brain. Out of this audience of thousands and thousands, if I should ask all those who have been unhurt in tho struggle of life to stand up, or all standing to hold up their right hand, not one would move. Oh, how much we need the Holy Ghost as Com- forter. He recites the sweet Gospel promises to the hardly bestead. He assures of mercy mingled with the severities. He consoles with thoughts of coming release. He tells of a heaven where tear is never wept, and burden is never carried, and injustice is never suffered. Comfort for all the young people who are mal- treated at home, or receive insufficient income, or are robbed of their schooling, or kept back from positions they have earned by the patting forward of others less worthy. Comfort for all these men and women midway in the path of life, worn out with what they have already gone through, and with no brightening future. Comfort for these aged ones amid many infir- mities, and who feel themselves to be in the way in the home or the business which they themselves established with their own grit. The Holy Ghost comfort, I think, generally comes in tile shape of a soliloquy. You firm yourself saying to yourself, " Well, I ought not to go on this way about my mother's death. She had suffered enough. She had borne other people's burdens long enough. I am glad that father and mother are together in Heaven, and they will be waiting to greet us, and it will be only a little while, anyhow, and God makes no mistakes" ; or you soliloquise, saying, "It is hard to lose my property. I am sore I worked bard enough for it. But, God will take care of us, and as to the children, the money might have spoiled them, and we find that those who have to struggle for themselves generally turn out the best ; and it will all be well if this upset- ting of our worldly resources loads us to lay up treasures in heaven." Or you soliloquise, saying, "It was hard to give up that boy when the Lord took him, I expected great things of him; and, oh! how w.o miss him out of the house ; and there are so many things I come across that make me think of him ; and he was such a splendid fellow ; but, then, what an escape he has made from the temptations and sorrows which come to all who grow up ; and it is a grand thing to have him safe from all possible harm ; and there are all those Bible promises for parents who have lost children, and we shall feel a drawing heavenward that we could not have otherwise experienced." And after you have said that, you get the relief which comes from an out- burst of tears. I do not say to you, as some say," "Do not cry." God pity people in trouble who have the parched eyeball, and the dry eyelid, and cannot shed a tear. That makes maniacs. To God's people tears are the dews of the night dashed with sunrise. I am so glad yon can weep. But you think these things you say to yourself are only soliloquies. No, no. They tome by the Holy Ghost. 4\. Notice, also, the Holy Ghost as the preacher's reinforcement. You and I have known preachers encyclopedic in knowledge, brilliant as an iceberg when the sun smites it, and with Chesterfieldian address, and rhetorical hand uplifted with diamond big enough to dazzle an assembly, and so surcharged with vocabu- lary that when they left this life it might be said of each of them as De Quincy. said of another. that in the act of dying, he com- mitted a robbery, absconding with a valuable polyglot dictionary—yet no awakening, or con- verting, or sanctifying result; while some plain man, with humblest phraseology, has seen audiences whelmed with religious influ- ence. It was the Holy Ghost. What a useful thing it would be if every minister would give the history of his sermons. I call upon the ministers of America to give the history of sermons, for I believe It will illustrate as nothing else can the truth of that Scripture, "Not by, might, nor by power, but by My Spirit, saith the Lord." "On the Sab- ba .h of the dedication of one of our churches jn Brooklyn, at the morning service, 328 souls stood up to profess Christ. They were the converts of the Brooklyn Academy of Music, where we had been worshipping. The recep- tion of so many members, and many of them baptised by immersion, had made it an arduous service, which continued from half-past 10 in the morning until half past 2 in the afternoon. From that service we went home exhausted ; because there is nothing so exhausting as deep emotion. A messenger was sent out to obtain a preacher for that night, but the search was unsuccessful, as all the ministers were. engaged for some other place. "With no preparation at all for the evening service, except the looking in Cruden's Concordance for a text, feeling almost too weary to stand up, I began the service, saying audibly while the opening song was being sung, although because of the sing- ing no one but God heard it : " Oh, Lord, Thou knowest my insufficiency for this service. Come down in gracious power upon this people." The place was shaken with the divine presence. As for as we could find out, over four hundred persons were converted that night. Hear it, all young men entering the ministry ; hear it, all Christian workers !—it was the Holy Ghost. In the Second Reformed Church of Somer- ville, New Jersey, in my boyhood days. Mr. Osborne, the evangelist came to hold a special service. I see him now us he stood in the pulpit. Before he announced his text, and before he had uttered a word of his sermon, strong men wept aloud, and it was like the day of judgment. It was the Holy Ghost. In 1857 the electric telegraph bore strange messages. One of them read, "My dear parents will rejoice to hear that I have found peace with God." Another read: "Dear Mother,—The work continues, and I, too, have been converted." Another read: At last, faith and peace.'' In Ver- mont a religious meeting was singing the hymn, " Waiting and Watching for Me.' The song rolled on on the night air and a man halted and said, "I wonder if there will be anyone waiting and watching for me ?" It started him heavenward. What was it? The Holy Ghost. In that 1857, Jaynes' Hall, Philadelphia, and Fulton street prayer meeting, New York. telegraphed each other the number of souls saved, and the rising of the devotional tides. The difference in evangelical usefulness is not so much a difference in brain, in scholar- ship, or elocutionnry gifts, as in Holy Ghost power. You will not have much surprise at the extraordinary career of Charles G. Finney as a soul Winner, if you know that soon after his conversion he had this experience. He says: " As I turned, and was about to-take a seat by the fire, I received a baptism of the Holy Ghost. Without any expectation of it; with- out ever having the thought in my mind that there was any such thing for me ; the Holy Ghost descended upon me in a manner that seemed to go through me, body and soul. Indeed. it seemed to come in waves and waves of liquid love, for I could not express it in any other way. It seemed like the very breath of God. I can recollect distinctly that it seemed to fan me tike immense wings. No words can express the wonderful love that was shed abroad in my heart. I wept aloud with joy and love. These waves came over me, and over me, and over me, one after the other, until I recall I cried out, 'I shall die if these waves continue to pass over me.' I said, 'Lord, I cannot bear any more.'" Now, my hearers, let 500 of us, whether clerical or lay workers, get such a Divine visitation as that, and we could take this world for God before the clock of the next century strikes 1. When a coloured trumpeter took his place in Whitfield's audience, proposing to blow the trumpet at a certain point in the service, and put everything into derision, somehow he could not got the trumpet to his lips, and at the close of the meeting ho sought out the preacher and asked for his prayers. It was the Holy Ghost. What was the matter with Hedley Vicars, the memorable soldier, when he sat with his Bible before him in a tent, and his deriding comrades came in and jeered, saying, " Turned Methodist, eh ?" And another said, "You hypocrite ! Bad as you were, I never thought you would come to this, old fellow." And then he became the soldier- evangelist ; and when a soldier in another regiment, hundreds of miles away, telegraphed his spiritual anxieties to Hedley Vicars, saying, "What shall I do?" Vicars telegraphed as thrilling a message as ever went over the wires, "Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved." What power was being felt? It was the Holy Ghost. And what more appropriate? for the Holy Ghost is a "tongue of fire," and the electricity that dies along the wires is a tongue of fire. "Whosoever, whosoever, whosoever .will, let him come." May God turn on all the electric power into this Gospel battery for the last tremendous message, so that it may thrill through this assemblage, and through all the earth ! Just six words will compose the message : and I touch the key of this Gospel battery just six times, and the message has gone! Away ! Away it flies ! And the message is, " Have you received tho Holy Ghost?" That is, do you feel His power ? Has He enabled you to sorrow over a wasted life, and take full pardon from the crucified Christ, and turn your face toward the wide open gates of a welcoming heaven? 