Rev. Haskett Smith. Eloquent Sermons Yesterday. Tlio Rev. Haskett Smith, the famous lecturer on Palestine, preached at St. John's Cathedral yesterday morning, when thero. was a largo congregation. Beforo tho service commenced tho "Dead March in Saul" was played on the organ as a mark of rcspoot to tho ntomory of tho lato Mr. Justice Hnrdincr, who waa a mombor of tho congregation. Mr. Smith took hs his text Job xiv. 10, "Man givofcb up tho ghost, and whore is ho ?" He said .that tho question, "Whoro shall wo go when wo dio ?" was most interesting, and most im portant. It was also most appropiiato on that occasion, when tho whole city was mourning for ono of the most illustrious citizens of Queensland, who had but just now passed into tho unseen world. In tho coursoof his sermon, Mr. Smith combated . tho idea that tho accepted soul at death went direct to heaven. Such a boliof, ho said, did away with tho possi bility of judgment. At death tho soul went to paradise, where, however, it was in a stale of activity, and rotaincd possession of tho faculties of, among others, recognition, memory, and prayor. Death was tho silver gate through which tho soul po&scd; from earth to paradise, and tho resurrection was tho golden gate between para- diso mid heaven, hut in passing through oithcr of thoso gates tho soul, though always pro gressing towards perfection, did not change in its essential' character. In tho evening the Rov. Hnskctt Smith preached at All Saints' Church to an overflowing congregation. Tho preacher soluotcd his text from 2 Samuel, xii. 23, "Can I bring him back again?" From thcao words tho Rov. Haskott Smith preached a singularly eloquent sermon of tho evangelistic typo. Facing tho very largo congregation, standing well upright in tho pulpit, and speaking without noto of any kind, ho placed his sub ject boforo his hearers in duo eennonio order. His peroration was as lino as it was power fully appealing. In this ho first rerainded bio hearers that "sin would bo sure to find tliom out," and then by way of comfort sot forth that equully so would tho good they did find them out, if not in this world, at tho great resurrection day. To-night tho Rov. Hnskctt Smith will com- menco his course of lectures on "Thoso Holy Fields," at tho Theatre Royal. The Bishop of Brisbane will preside. Mr, Smith has under Mr. R. S.Smythe'fl management, most success- fully delivered n series oi lectures in Sydney, Adelaide, und Melbourne. Tho Bubjeot fortius evening will be " Tlio Crescent and the Cross," and will bo illuminated by 00 splendid illumina tions reproduced from photographs taken by Mr. Smith during 21- visits to the Holy Land. 