MRS. TREGASKISS. A- NOVEL OF ANGLO-AUSTRALIAN ' LIFE. (BY MRS. CAMPBELL PRAED. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.) On aftee XX.— Gladys Pleads. Ambrose Blnnalmrd howod profoundly. Gladys half rose and held out hor hand.- "Mr. Blanohard and I havo met in England," she said. Mrs. Cusaok was all amazement. "And you nevor told us !" she exclaimed reproachfully to tho young man. " And whon we were all so excited at hearing of Mrs, Tregaskiss's Eng lish friend. IVe don't often hava suoh visitors on the Leurn," she added, turning to Gladys. " I tiiink it is very strange of Mr. Blanobard to have kept so olose about you." " Not at all strange," replied Gladys, with self-possession. "There are other Mrs. Hild- itobes in the world. It ie a very oommon name, and I have several siHters-in-Iaw. Come," she said, making a dexterous movement, which swept her squatter's obsir well baok into the sliadojv of a vine, nnd motioning with a little imperious air to Blenchard to obey hsr signal, " Do sit down and tell me everything that has happened to you Binoe we met." Ho drew another oliair beside bar. Far ies eomposod than she, it was a minnte or two beforo bo answered. That moment of silence was big witli memories. To Ambrose Blanohard Gladys Hilditeh hnd rcprssented the' supreme temptation of his life ; he had fled from her in dietrust of himself, and, as she believed, in aoorn of tier. "There is not much to tell," he said. "I've knocked about and roughed it a good deal, and I made a little money at the gold fields and then lost it. Now I am here learning something about the management of ebeep, with' an idea of going into partnership with some likely parson lstoron."' He paused, and she said nothing. Now that they -wore out of the range of Mrs. Oussck's eyes, she made no attempt to keep up the farce aud play her part of a tourist amused nt and inquisitive about everything around her. "It ia very good of you," he added, "to be interested in my doings." Still she made no reply. "Have you — have yon," lie asked, nervously, "seen anythiog of my people?" " You know we gave up Felmarshes," Gladys roturnod, without direotly answoriog hi ques tion, "I had not heard. But of oourae thera must have beon a difference," he. aaid vaguely. "I know nothing ; nobody has written." " I heard from Gertrude not long ago. She aaid they hnd bad a letter from you." "Poor Gertrude. I conclude that my father has forbidden her to hold communication with his renegade son." " She nays that she is bound by her promiss to him. I think she interprets it rather too literally." i " Wall, I euppoBB that a wife Is bound to obey her husband," he returned. "I confess that I had little hope of any good coming from her intercession.. However, her hoy will be (he gainer— though that was not the point. But I havo nothing to say against Gortrude," he added, " She was a very good stepmother," "Oh, yes, Mrs. Blanohard would perform always what web In her bond," aaid Gladys, "but she would not do anything more, espaoially if it were against her own interest," " Perhaps, you don't know anything abont my father— poor old ohap ?" Blanohard speka with feeling. " I know that ho is looking dreadfully aged, and though he is as hard as a rock and will nover go baok from his word, I am sure hi frets a good deal about you." " Then you hava seen him," oried Blanohard eagerly. " I went down to see him, and it was he who told me where you were. I . wanted to bo able to give you the last news of him— if we should mea.t.": # "That was good of yon. But— . So it was of no uss?" "No, it was of no use. If you wanli to do any good, you must go home." "I can't de that," Blanohard answered. "I am like my father, and I oannot go baok from my word. He was looking ill, you say." " Yes, infirm and broken. Mr. Blanohard, do not be stubborn ; go horns and be reeonoiled to your father." "I am afraid that la impossible," he answered. There was a pause, and thon he said, " I am very glad sinoe you decided to visit Australia that you should have come where we were eertain to meet." " I — of oourse I should naturally want to be with Glare Tregaskiss. "Wo wero girls to gether." " I remember your telling me that you had a friend in Australia ; but I only learned the other day that It was Mrs. Tregaskiss." Again there was A pause. He went on In a conventional tone, " You must havo beon eorry to givo up Felmarshes." " No ; I was not sorry." She added, " It was while wo were in Egypt that winter, after you left, that Mr. Hilditoh got so muoh Worse. We never went back to Felmarshes again." " I was very sorry to hear of your loss," hs said, still conventionally. "Oh, don't let us talk as if we stood quite outside the truth of everything," Gladys exclaimed, her whole manner- ohanging as she turned her eyes on him for an instant in pieroipg reproaob. "You must know how.I feel about it, and how I have hated myself.' But I she faltered, nnd there oame into her voice the break as of tears, " I triad to do what I oould for him." "Indted, Iamsureof that," " I don't know why you should be eo euro of it," slio answered, with a sad little laugh. "Your opinion can't have altered muoh, and you never thought well of me in old days— not even as well, perhaps, at I deserved. You never gave me credit for being sincere about anything. You looked upon me as a mere vain, heartless creature of moods, living for (he dis traction of the hour, and taking my moral haaheesh in whatever form it happened to offer itaalf— sooiety, gambling, amataur philanthropy,' religion, preaohing women's wrongs;" "Or breaking men's hearts," he put in bit terly. " Ye», I know what yon ara thinking nf. 'Well, I'll admit it; breaking men'e hearts if you olioosr." Her voice had beoome hard, and -she spoke with a defiant aoeent. "It was a bad 'business that of your fritnd the Socialist. It oursd me of my East End mania and of my demoeratia tendencies. It oured me of other things besides." "Don't, "Tie exclaimed, half stretching out his hand aa though her words and manner hurt him. "Yes, I know. You nre thinking that lam ae heartless as ever, that I am glorying per- .haps at this moment in the thought that a man killed himself because of me. You meant me to know that ; you did not spare me. I got his letter— and the rest. The outside envelope told me that you :had sent it— that you bad guessed I was the (toman who 'had treated him cruelly.' I knew, top, that ho was tho reason you never oame to see me any more." " Ironside was my friend— and I saw- him lying dead." " Do you think," tbo cried, "that I haven't een him lying dead too— night after night in my dreama— and when I have wakened up in the darkness oold and trembling .with terror. Do you know that I nearly died of the horror of it? And do you think, to o, that would have happened if I had met you before I met him." " I don't know. How con I tell. I suppose a bird of prey must oboy its instinets." " A bird of prey ! Oh, you are oruel !" She leaned baok in her- ehair drawing her body together with n slight shudder. For several minutes neither apoke. A lamp was moved within, and tbe liglit of it streamed through the French window on to Gladys's faoe. It gave him a shock to see bow hor faco had changed ; and how that sudden look of age and bitter ex perience had come upon it. Just then there wae a noise and stir, as Mr. Cusack, followed by some of the gontletnen who had remained in the diningronm, eamo out and effoke to a trooper waiting outside. H had tp rsport news eommnnleated by a traveller at the huts to the effoat that the unionists, hearing that the etatiou was so well guarded, bad abandoned their warlike purpose and were quietly dispersing. . The incident occasioned somo flutter in tbe verandah, .and under cover' of it Gladys rose, withdrawing froiio the light. Blenchard got up too, and was making a formal exense for leaving her, but alio atopped him. " No, no. What does it matter about the unionist!? I felt that the prospoot of an attack was too good to oome truo. It would have boon exeiting ; but I am donmsd to be dis appointed. Aren't you. saying to yourself, 'That is just how the used to be; the bird of prey instincts aro strong in her still?" " No," be replied. " I am sorry I said that. I see that it wounded you.'" "Come out into tho garden," she said, abruptly. I ace there are people walking about. I can make out Dr. Gonoste, and is it Clare — or pretty Miss Cusaok ? Ah, it's Clare. I wonder you did not fall in love- with Miss Cusnok. But perhaps you have fallen in love with her." He mads aa impatient gesture of denial. Thoy were ia the garden now, walking between the little avenue of orange trees. Gladys stoppsd to comment upon the stars — to ask questions about the southern constellations. Slio thought the Southern Cross overrated ;' and sho had seen nothing on ths Leura yet in tbe matter of ntmospherio offset oompnrable to the Egyptian afterglow. She had observed also- that tho fashion of sleeves in the bush wns in the samo stage, of evolution ae in the remoter dlstriots of London. " That moans survival of monstroaity. Please observe the out of mine. Tho sloevos in tho London streets got on my nerves ; they were making me seriously ill, they and other things ; it's always the last straw you know. When I told my doetor he suggested a'-,trip into! the wilds of Africa or Australia.- But you soi that there is no esoape for me. That little dark, prottyish, fifth rate looking governess 'whom Mr; Tregaskiss seoms to admire would do eredit to Wostbourne-grovs. There's ono atrooity of civilisation, however, that I don't find hers. Cook hasn't yet vulgarised the blaoks." , " No doubt they nre being demoralised by' more pernicious influences of civilisation." He spoke awkwardly. Her inconsequent chatter, veiling, as he felt, en agitation she was afraid might master her, affiioted -him terribly, and when she answered witli her soft fnlsely strung laugh, "Oh, of course human nature is the same all the world over, and the vices of barbarism are pretty muoh what one finds them in London drawing rooms — I am be ginning to discover that hore already" — ha ex claimed in impetuous answer : " It is my turn now to beseech you that we may not talk banalities. At least let us bo true to ourselves." , "Even to our vices!" she asked, laughing again, nnd then want on in a totally different tone. " Yes, that's what I came to Australia for. I wanted to tall you the truth about some thing." " To tell mo !" he repeated. "You oan't accuse me thia time of not being candid. It ie not often a woman baa the honesty to own to a man that she has travelled twelve thousand miles, more or less, on the chanoo of aoeing him. Let ns ait here." She had halted at a seat under the passion vine to which he had almoBt unconsciously led her as the most retired whioh the garden offered, Ho did not obey hor invitation to place himself by her side, hut stood leaning against tho trellis, and there was something aloof and judicial in Ilia aspect— the result; in deed, of nervous tension and not of disapproba tion — whioh goaded her to desperate frank ness. " I wanted to tell you tho whole truth about my.relations with Mr. Ironside. I never talked to you muoh about him. I did not know you were suoh great friends till after everything was over. I never saw you together." "We were not muoh together nt that time, and ' great frieade in the ordinary sense we were not," he answered stiffly. "We had dif ferent', grooves of. lotion.- I did -not sympathise entirely with poor ' Ironside's methods, which latterly got too anarchio for my testis.' As the demagogue I confess that he jarrod upon me ; but as the man — — " "Ah, the man! He was ono by himself." "As the man, he influenoed my life more than any other human bsiag has done. It was ha who first inoculated mo with Socialistic theories— notions that I feel now to have betn mistaken. He first brought homo to me the virtue .-of intelleotual honesty .and made- ma feel -the absolute necessity of - giving up the church. He was like the spark to the tow, and his enthusiasm earried me along with the foroe of a high wind to a flame. Then I admit his immense re sources, his power of organisation, his very fanataoism was inspiring." "He was a fanntio in everything," assented Glndys. '.' He was bound to'die for something befora reaching his prima— a oause perhaps as little worthy— as the woman." Her voioo dropped. "It is not heartlessness whioh makes me apeak of him in that im- personal way," she said gently. "Flease believe that. I have thought and felt eo muoh about him that I have got to look upon him more as an instrument of fate than an ordinary human being. For me too, in a very different way, he has been a determining influenee." She stopped. Blanohard seemed to : be waiting for her to explain herself farther. She began again, ths words rushing forth impulsively, with scarcely any break. ... j "Mr. Blanohard, I want to aay to you, in my own extenuation, what you 'never gave me a chanoe of saying before, dt any rate you shall know the exact truth about it, and you shall think mo then as bad as you please. I don't appose my conduct deserves to be extenuated, but I must say this. It was not vanity and greed of oonquest which in the beginning made me see all I oould of John Ironside. It—it was something of the same kind of feeling which later" she hesitated " later drew me to you. It was a coarse orude attempt at realising that feeling in him whioh was after wards re&lissd; ih-(you. Oh! people. make such, a mistake in supposing that women's instinct alwaya guides them straight in matters bf "tliat- kind. One's nature has a need', and the- first attempt to satisfy it Is as elementary often, as the savage's fetish-belief. I don't know how to make you understand — — "I think I understand," he said.: "You' thought Ironside might help you, as yeu after wards fanoied— mistakenly too — that I might be able to' help you. Perhaps we might have helped you— ono or other of us— if we had been less human and you— a different sort of woman." "Ah 1 "Almost a gleam of joy oame into' Gladys's face. " Yea, you might have helped m»," «he said loly. ycv. L«ve de-; z great deal for me. But you would not. You. deaerted me. John Ironside oould not have' helped me— in any real way. There wae no real affinity. Tho elements of combination weren't there. It wae an accidental attraction— one that had nothing to do with ipirit— though the attraotion was genuine enough at first. He happened to oome into my life at a critical mo ment when I was in a mood of intense rovul- ion, and when I was utterly rudderless; For the moment he dominated my nature, and hia charm for me waa that for the first time I en countered what seemed a granite man.. Wo acted and reaoted upon each other. I think the influence muet have' had something eleotrie in it." " Yours upon him was certainly of that kind." " In the beginning it was tho faseination of repulsion, for him anyhow, I fancy. And then the poles changed. For me he waa somothing positive, compelling. He forced life upon mo in ite hideousness, its reality, its magnificent power — life in the big thrilling sense, not in that of my drawingroom drama. . He made ma long to experience tho grip of strong feeling; an intoxication which freed one from ono's self. You know— no, you can't know or guess what my marriage was to ms— the awful dsadness of it. Sunietimes I feel that Clare Tregaskiss knows nnd under stands ; but she is strong, she can hide what sho suffers under that atrange, quiet smile ; and I long to tell her, to talk to. her of it, and I dare not. Oh, how one egonised for a -breath of somathinw pungent. I tried to get it in— well, you know the sort of flirtations a London woman falls into — and the kind of men— I tried everything to give ms sensation! — even to reading horrid Frenoh novels ; and then. I went on a pilgrimage to Lourdei for my soul's healing. John Ironside was the person to appeal to me in 'that mo'od. There wasn't the least thought, at first, of making him love me. The East end mania was genuine. Then there came a dreadful moment when that excitement palled, and I saw another oxoitement straight in front of ms — one I'd never had before. I saw that the granite was softening— that he wns beginning to care for nje. I thought I should like to know what it felt like to be loved by such a man. I wanted — this ie all I have got to put forward in oxtenuation here — I wanted to be mado to care for him — to be atrung up to tome heroio endeavor, even to ranunoiation, I knew that was what love must mean — for me. I wsb never a wicked woman— in' that sense." "You need not tell me that," he interrupted hoarsely.- "Well, I told myself that a ronl affection — real interest — would be my salvation. I wanted to believe in his aims, and to help him in them, to do some work, and anyhow devote some of my superfluous cash to tho relief of those wretched starving crea tures—you remember that strike winter. But whon I saw that he was fighting against my influeuoe, steeling himself and keeping away from npe, tbo devil took me in poaaoesiou, and I wanted to win the battle. I determined that I would conquer, and that he should own him self beaton. That was just before we took Fel marshes," -.' Blanchsrd bowed his bead. ".Well— you know— I heard you preaoh. - I aw your face, so worn and so 'lifted '—I don't know bow to express it. You've lost that.look a good de&l.; It moved ma— it was a Savonarola look. I got. that' sort of teeling about you— that you would bo the person to go ' to- in trouble. Arid thqn you came and dined with us — we had a lot of people, do you remembor— the racing set ? I was so sshamed.of them. And we wont to th'o, manor. And thon.tbere waa the fever in the .village, and- you seemed to wani to fling away your lifo in looking after the poor people. Do you remember-that autumn?" ' , "Don't let us spoak of it," he replied with emotion, " I remember it ' all too well. I re member your wonderful courage during that fever time— your genorosity and devotion, and how you seemed to be trying to show me.that under the frivolous mask and' amidst all the luxury and thoughtless Holfishneis of life in that palaoe on tbe hill, there waa the stuff of which ideals aro mads. I was wrong in saying, that.it ,was entirely Ironside who influenced me at that crisis in.my, life. - ..Yon. influenced mo greatly, too. Your words and ways nnd the trust you placed in me, undeserved as it waa, forced me to be .truo to ths highest standard I knew— that of sincerity." " And you preaohed that sermon — that wonderful sermon whioh was like a bomb in the peaceful household. And you gave up every thing and wero banishod from your inheritance nnd went to work among tbe dockers in London. I have kept all the letters you wrote me then — all that I ever hnd from you." He was visibly moved. : "I used to think," she went on in a childlike way, "that you were to me something of what Daniel Deronda was to Gwendolen." " Oh do not say that," lie cried. " It is true. I leaned -on you in th same way." \- " I was not in the very least like' Daniel Deronda." "No," she laughed, "you Blways said the oonventional thing about liim — that ! be waa a woman's hero, and not flesh and blood. Per haps that is true, but it. did not alter Gwen dolen's feeling. If Daniel had' had reason' to believe Gwendolen insincere in her- professions towards him, and utterly unworthy iu every way, no doubt.be would have noted like a man's man, and he would have run away In anger and disgust, and'lsft hor to .her fate, even U there had boen no Myra in thecaae." " Thsre was no Myrk' in the' ease," said tho youog man in a stifled voice. ;. - .. "No, there was only John Ironside. And when you: found out that, your- Gwendolen had siiid the same things to' John Ironside— almost —as to yon ; had . appealed to him to teach her — quite differontly, but then you would not have known that ; you would have thought it all just the came— all part of tho play- when you found that ebe had worked for him among the London , poor, as I . did for you among ' the poor nt Felmarshes, and ail ths time as a reason for getting into touch with you, only as tbo lure of a coquette, only to lead up to the thrill of a dramatic situation. ' Frightfully thrill ing,' you know, as Hilda Wangs. would say. But I forgot, you left England bofore Ibsen became ths fashion. Ob, well, it was no wonder that you thought. . , " That you wera preparing the same fate for me." " With all the same art and tha same guile. Oh, yes, you might have said to yourself that one fine day whoa the play begins to get wearisome thie double-faced wrotoh will throw off her mask, and I shall see her as she is in her abominable selfishness, and callous grssd of power— just ns he saw her .at. tho last. You might very well have expected to find that she- had only baen amusing herself, playing a sort of game of ohsss with your sanotitieS, whioh she had talked so finely about, just to make you believo her a simple, innocent oroature ; and then, when she had oheckmated you, and the battle' held no moro interest, sweeping them off tho board and bidding you go shout your business and leave her, to find a new' amusement. Oh, how you" would despise her1 How you would bate hor' !" '" "No, never that," he interrupted. "And how you would glory in hurting her— as it was in your power alone to hurt her — with silent contempt.- When she had humiliated herself— /thrown herself at your feet — "... , Gladys's voiie was choked. Sha threw her arms over the baok of tbe seat, and buried her faoe in tham ; he oeuld see that she shook with inward sobs. . ' "Not to hurt her," he aaid, deeply troubled. " But to save myself !" " You did not give me oredit for any haman feeling," she went on- presently, lifting her head, bat not looking at him. "Did you think me such an unnatural monster that I could bear to- know myself the cause of a man killing him-: telf, and not die almost myself with shame and horror odd remorse ? You don't know how I suffered. Oh, you don't know how I suffered." . "l oan believe it— now." "If you- had answered my letter— if you had come to see mo just once again, I would have told yott." She spoke very low, and her words fell brokenly. "It was you who opened my eyes— at Felmarshes— you made me want to be good— to strive after the highest— affection. It wasn't that kind of feeling he had for me. He let himself go mad, I think. One idea pos sessed him. He was the sort of strong man who, when he gives way, does so utterly— allows him- self to bo absorbed, overwhelmed by one de- eiro. And when he oan't gratify it don't you understand ? How could I foresee that he would want— that he would have had me givo up everything for him altogether. He would not believe that I had never cared for- him in that way. No, never, never for one instant. Then I got reok- less too, and I told him just how it had been, and my badness and how I had purposely at the end led him ou. And then, how knowing you had made me realise . . . I said I would do all I could to blot tho remembrance of him out of my lifo. Then he said— things about you. He— It drove him wild. He said he would kill you— or himself —and the next I heard was that he was dead. . . . And I tried to make you know — and you would not " "Ah!" Blanohard oried. "I understand! There was something that was always a mystery —something between him and me— tho night he hot himself. I know now." Gladys got up and stood before him. "I have told you. And I have nothing more to say. I came all tho way to say this— all the way to Australia. Try not— not to think— so hardly." Her words -seemed to melt into a sob. She turned swiftly and was some paees from him before he spoke. " Gladys," he oallod : but she would not turn back, and he saw her white form vanishing like a ghost behind the orange trees. Chapter XXL— The Fire. Tregaskiss was sleeping the heavy sleep of the inebriate. Ho had finished up the evening without the restraining influence of ladies' society in the bachelors' quarters, had come lato to his room and had thrown himself only half undressed on -the bed outside tho ooverlid beside bis steeping wife. The long journey in the heat and physical fatigue had made Clare drowsy. When sho awoke towards the small hours it was to tha sound of the baby's wail and to that of her husband's stertorous and fume-laden breathing. Sho had been dreaming a most poetic and ten- der.dream, in whioh she and Genesto were wan dering together by tho banks of a- broad blue lake, which sho imagined to be Lake Eungelii, with heavonly moonlight atreaming down upon tho waters and a gentle wind ruffling its sur face into tiny waves which threw bnck opaline rays from their crests of foam. It was somo moments bofore she oould convince herself whioh was dream and which reality. She drow the baby to her side, hushed and fed'it from the bottle plaoed in readinesB and presently it went to sleep again. The night was very warm ;' sho was drowsy atill, bnt the inert form beside her brought nightmare thoughts. Her observations of tho evening evoked suggestions of possible freedom at which she recoiled and.which mercifully wero only. suggestions, never taking the form of defi nite desire. How oould she wish for that which whilo both lived was only to be gained through wrong doing.. The ghastly doubt presonted itself. . . Was it in truth sin to oboy Nature'tf ordinance whether in the higher or lower 'scale of being— the ordinance that hade tho birds of the air ohbose their mates, and till tho offspring were Hedged at least be faithful to them. Tlieic offspring. Here lay tha human responsibility. Glare touched the little soft sleeping thing beside her, and wondered at tho curious imper sonal sort of feeling she llacl for it, and wondered ' too if silo would have felt differently had it been the ohild bf the man she loved. Sho gob up and put on hor dressing gown and slippers and then lay down oh tlis sofa beforo the open window gazing out iuto tho velvetty gloom. Tho .sky was very dark. Clouds— those ineffectual storm clouds — hnd oh- soured tho stars, and the darkness seemed full of aurious noises, rustlings, stealthy erespings, insect murmuring!, distant cries of curlews and native dogs, sounds that only intensified tho loneliness of 'tho summer night. Those- samo, thoughts whioh had visited Clare as she had laitl awake at Coder Hill waiting for her husband's coniing came to hor now. In her mind's eyb Bho seemed again to seo written iD everything Nature's law of dual oneness ; and in horrid mockery . of the . eternal pattern, ' modem man's law of marriage, the copy and tho antithesis of it. Why should it ba a necessity of ovolution the antagonism between nature and man. What was the good of reve lation and theology and the so-called higher pro- gros.s, if it only.brought about this fundamental diaoord, upsetting the whole order and balanaa of the social universe, which had need but be in harmony with nature for the worst kind of pain to. be done away witii. What was the meaning, what the purpose of so much useless suffering ? Did the generality of peoplo suffer in the samo manner, or- was it that thero - were certain temperaments originally . planned iu harmony with the great oosmio ohords, to whom disson ance was sheer spiritual agony ? , . Claro Tregaskiss's poor tormented soul, torn with- love and longing and the upbraidings of conscience, groped helplessly in a maze of thosa mysteries whioh from the timo that the Sphinx propounded her question hava been left un solved, Had she realised that the oapaoity to feel such pain, suscepti- bility to suoh disaord are tha first dewnings on the soul of a higher existence, it is doubtful whether sho would havo beon greatly consoled. For tlie doctrine that to love most is:to suffer keenest, and that to suffee most keenly is to bs libcrated-soonesb from tho thrall of fieshly affsotions, . does not ap peal" to" '"'the '" poor human in hit first stage of regeneration; Tho thrall is dear; the throb of passion sweet and love the divino has its feet on earth though its head bo in heaven. . The confiiot between soul and sense has ever furnished forth tho battle ground in which saints have been worsted aud heroes overcome, aud the oup of renunciation, offered though it be by ministering angels, has ever been the most unwelcome to the thirsty hoart. Clare did not know how long she stayed on the sofa ; she must have fallen asleep, or if not, fancied that sha had done so whilo her eyea dropped, .for wheu she' looked out again tho night allowed a feeble glqw— a glimmer touch- ing tho noor trees that made her think it must bo close on sunrise. The glow deepened mors quickly and less steadily than that of daybreak ; tho shiny leaves of the orange trees seemed to quiver in it, and tho tali feathers of tho bamboos to stand out illuminated as in a transformation scene. Then Clare beoatno alive to a ouriouc- faint roaring as of wind rushing afar. Could it bo a cyclone she heard a long way off? Butthore was not that strango brooding and tho feeling as of a world's breath drawn inward whioh heralds suoh a storm. But yet sho fancied it had grown hotter, and sho fanoied, too, that she smelt smoke like that of twigs burning. Suddenly there. was a startled clang, tbe big boll of the workings crashing through the still- ness of night. Then came Bhoiits at first indis- tiriet from distance, then caught up nearer, and now sounding closer in the garden and veran dahs. "Fire! Fire! The house ia on fire !" Mrs. Tregaskiss darted from the sofa to th». open French window, and looked out. White figures wei'o already rushing from tho house ; a tongue of flame leaped through .the casement of a room at the end of tlie wing just beyond her own ; she oould hear tho crackling and sputtering of the wood work. Thero were frantic calls coming from different directions. Mr. Cusaok in pyjamas ran down tho verandah calling wildly for " Men 1 Where aro thu men ? Somebody go and oall up tho men !" Presently came tho tramp of the specials and of the gentlemen who slept at the bachelors' quarters, the house being given up to tho Cusaok family and their married and lady visitors. (To be continued.) 