THe mistialian WorlmaD .SATURDAY, JANUARY 19, 189.5. How valuable a little consoi'valiam in melliods — though not in aims — occa sionally proves is shown by the recent ballot of the Northern coal-miners on the subject of a general strike. The rule of the Association re(|uireB that a general strike shall bo endorsed by a Iwo-thii'ds majority of members before taking ell'ect. In the recent ballot, though the strike party secured a small actual minority, there was so con siderably a minority that the necessary proportion of votes to endorse a cessa tion of work was not obtained. Thanks, then, to to the two-thirds majority rule a most portentous strike has been averted and much sulfering and privation saved. We are not of those who believe that the coal-owners were right in proposing to still further curtail the wretched earnings of the men who bring their wealth to the surface ; nor do we think the present ruling rate of wages a fair one. But, under e.xioting circumstanoes, with myriads of unemployed men of all occupations hungering for wJirk tsf any description in our midst, a strilre such as that proposed in the Newcastle dis trict could have only one result — dis astrous failure. Not only had the miners to reckon with the plethora of unemployod workers, but their own financial weakness and the limited re sources of other unions furnished additiqnal reasons to considor a vic tory hopeless. Those facts probably influenced the large minority that voted against the strike. o » , It is true tbat strikes are' often entered into, not because the (mrtici- pants hope to gain a victor' over their wage-givers, but as n protest against tyranny and uppressiou. Of such a eharater, no doubt, was the last Sea men's strike. But resort should only bo had to the strike weapon as a means f protest when there is a reasonable hope of the protest having a suffi ciently strong eifecl to leave a some time lasting impression on those against whom it is aimed. It is out of place when its onlj' probable eifeot would bo to iullict iutonse hardship o;-, the protestnnts, V » Very difficult is it to see in what manner a strike-protest could have effected any good for the Newcastle miners. Possibly, its only result would have been a huge addition 16 tiio in dividual miseries of the men, and a total depletion of the resources of the A.M.A, Union and unionists would have been bled white, « » » Many times has the opinion been e2;preased in these columns that atrilres are at best but sorry reform methods. Their result can bo gene rally pro-indicated with almost mathe matical certainty by a study of the circumstances or times at which they take place ; but the largest sufferers in every case seem to ho the groat bulk of the people who had no voice or vote in their incidence, "When labor is superlatively abundant, as at present, the employers seek the advantage and obtain it ; when labor is appreciably scarce, the workers seek the advantage and in their turn obtain it. That has boon the rule of industrial life ever since the inauguration of the present commercial system, and will probably long continue to be, with this change that the times of scarcity of labor will become appreciatively less, and the condition of labor thorofore steadil- retrograde. Relief will only ootno from the perpetual see-saw, with the balance constantly going more and more against the worker, when the community reoognises the fact that for the cbmin unity's' good the ordeting of social conditinuB must be taken out of the control of individual soliishncss and vested in the people, 9 It has long been recognised that what is wauled is the general inculca tion in humanity of a spirit of altruism, " How much bettor would it be," theorists have been or'ing out for centurioa past, " if instead of con tinual reorimination between man and man, and a constant war of lolaliatiou between class and class, each and all of us endoavorod to do the best wo could, not for ourselves alone, but for our brothers in humanity. How much better would those with a superRuity be, if they assisted those who have little or nothing?" And ail tho while common- sonso has been answering " Men will not do so. They will go on seeking more and more of the world's wealth, careless of what misery they cause to their fellow humans." So there continue to be strikes and lockouts and anarchies and revolutions, V . It is only now commencing to dawn upon the minds of tho people that since the appeal to the individual to be un- soliish has failed, it is necessary to appeal from him to Ctusar — tho power of tho State, By organised political action at the present time on all sides it is being sought to restrict tho powers of individuuL selfishness for wrong-doing. In this work, allied with the odiicativo power of such ro- form organisations as trade unions, lies the hope for tho future. It is noteworthy that tho political part', which, under the successive leaderships of Ballance and Seddon, has brought New Zealand lute the front rank of progressive countries, styles itself tho Liberal Labor Party, The Liberal is particularly emiihasised. Other Australian irrovincos might make a pattern of tills fact. There are too many so-called reformers who identify labor with bigotry of the most narrow-minded type, Thoy would seek to enslave, rather than free, humanity'. Gifted, in their own minds, with God-like omnisoience, tliey wish to sot down a narro5v groove in whicli all men must walk or be Kiint/icina, What we shall thinlc, what wo shall read, what « e shall speak, what we shall Avear, those people are prepared to proscribe, and are ready with ex cal/icdra curses against those who dare to differ from them in tho slightest partictilar. It is not by suoh tactics that Avorlds uro subdued. Reform cannot come except from liberal minds. As soon as the workers reoogni'/.o Avith their New Zealand brethren that fact, they Avill discountenance the ahaUoAV impostors who dare to confine the reform move ment Avithin the narrowj bounds of their own pnltry bigotries, Liberal- Laborism should he the motto of every genuine woll-Avisherto humanity That the interests and welfare of the man who toils, in coutra-distinction to the man Avho loafs, should bo fostered by tho legislature, is the guiding priaoiple of reform politics. But the carrying out of that principle does not necessitate the treacheries and mean nesses and follies Avhioh some men Avould persuade us are necessary to the labor inovomout, Ghen'ox, the Frenchman, is to bo hanged at the end of the montli, though since his conviction, grave doubts have arisen as to his guilt. Seemingly, he Avill be executed ou general principles because Australiau luAV authorities think thot all French convicts deserve hanging. It is said noAv on Grenon's behalf, that tho bullet extracted from the body of tho watchman, for shooting whom the convict is to be hanged, could not possibly have como from his revolver, being of too groat a size for its bore j gunsmiths also say that Grenon's rcA'clver has never been discharged at all. The Executive has decided, hoAV- evor, not to re-open the case in order to test those contentions, and the con demned man will probably bo executed, are Avhilst there is at anj' rate strong doubts as to his guilt, Buc if tlie facts — or alleged facts — Avhioh are now brought i'onvard had been ad vanced ou his behalf before a jury, it is not at all likely that he Avould have been found guilty, unlessoxaminatiou proved them utterly Avorthless, At least, they would have had their full value of weight in his favor. At present thoy have none ; tho Executive Council, tlie supreme hanging poAver of tho province, declines to consider or imxuiro into them. Thus it is in too many Nbav South AVales capital cases. A suspect is seized upon, he is proolaimed in the evening iibavs- papers as tho gltilty man, and his portrait published as that of a blood thirsty villaiu ; emiueut lawyers and skilful detectives are set to Avork to form a case against hiiiij ho is hurriedly' tried and sentenced. Then after the trial is over, fresh facts begin to pour in, hut he gats no advantage from those facte. Tho Executive Avill not con sider them : thoy Avill see the Avretoh hanged first. He is bunged accord ingly, AVhon tho first oloinentary principles of natural justice begin to dawn upon the minds of our juriscon sults, a suspected felon will not be hurried to the gallows in this way. -As elaborate efforts Avill be made to prove hie innocence as to set up his guilt. Facts Avhioh seem to throw a suspicion upon oven the clearest case of murder, will bo Avorried out and presented to tho jury with all the vivid power of a brilliant counsel. If there is a disparity between the assailant's bullet and tho suspect's revolver, that disparity Avill be dwelt upon. All doubts Avill bo eloquently materialised as so many horrid ghosts, Avarniug with bony foreffingers the jury from sending a guiltless man to the gallows. Then feAver innocent men Aviil be called upon to yield their lives to tho luAv's mistakes, Thky have been discussing in Bowral " how to deepen the spiritual life," and we read in the Daili/ Telei/ntii/i that tho discussion " took place as usual in the beautiful grounds of so-and-so," that many of the local residents " afforded generous hospitality " to the clergymen taking part in the dis cussion, Further, the speakers Avere tho Rev, Mullius and tho Rev. Ander son and the Rev, This-aud-that, and Miss Bavin, of the China-Inland mission, " The latter gave, in Chinese costume, a graphic account of the work in China," Altogether, this conference for the deepening of tho spiritual life Avas a very comfortable affair, Avith a strong odor of Christmas turkey and a good perspective of beauoiful pleasure grounds and plenty of amusemout in the shape of play acting at Chinese niissienising. Now it seems to us that if tbe rev, gentlemen who took part in this happy conference had any reul desire to " deepen the spiritual life," they Avould knock a little of she beautiful pleasure ground and the Avell-lined stomach out of their oAvn lives and try to be men of God, instead of j ust men of tho world with a mission to preach the gospel at so much a preach. They Avould imitate the Great Master they profess to servo, aud obeying his commands go out niuoug tho poor and bring to thorn the light of the gospel. They Avould drop tho silly coin-foolery of Cliineso missions and turn to tho out casts at their own gates. In fact, thej' Avould sternly set their faces against all the chief features of that Bowral conference. To re-aAvaken a religious fervour iu tho masses wants more than the self-satisfied, smug complacencies of sleek shepherds. 