lil !?: TRAGEDY OF CAT HERON ROYALS. [Br tiie Author of 'Paulina Lisle,' ' Katiieuine's 'Vengeance,' &c.;] PART II. CHAPTER VIII. IN two boats. Early next morning our tourists remounted tlie car, .and jogged slowly over that lovely , stretch ;of country which lies between Glen gariff and Killarney. Their places were as on the day before — ? Sir Victor in the possession of Trixy, Charley with Edith. But the baronet's gloom was gone— hope filled his heart. She did not love her cousin — of that he had convinced himself — iand one day he might call her wife. Sir Victor Catheron was that rara avis j, a modest young man. That this American girl, penniless and pedigreeless, was beneath him, ,he never thought — of his own rank and wealth, ??as motives to influence her, he never once dreamed. Nothing base or mercenary could find a place in so fair a creature ; so noble and beautiful a face must surely be emblematic of a still more noble and beautiful soul. Alas ! for the blindness of people in love. It was a day of delight, a day of cloudless skies, sparking sunshine, fresh mountain breezes, sublime scenery. Wild, bleak valleys, frowning Kerry rocks, roaring torrents, bare footed, ragged children, pigs, and people beneath the same thatched roof, such squalor and utter poverty as in their dreams they had never imagined. ' Good Heaven !' Edith said, with a shudder, ' how can life be worth living in such horrible poverty as this ?' ' The bugbear of your life seems to be poverty, Edith,' Charley answered. ' I dare say these people eat and sleep, fall in love, marry, and are happy even here.' ' My dear Mr. Stuart, what a sentimental speech, and sillier even than it is sentimental. Marry and are happy ! They marry, no doubt, and the pig lives in the corner, and every cabin swarms with children, but — happy ! Charley, I used to think you had one or two grains of common sense, at least — now I begin to doubt it.' ' I begin to doubt it myself, since I have had the pleasure of knowing Edith Darrell. I defy mortal man to keep common sense, or uncommonsense, long in her company. Poverty and misery, in your lexicon, mean the same thing.' ' Tho same thing. There is no earthly evil that can equel poverty.' They reached Killarney late in the evening, and drove to the 'Victoria.' Tho perfect weaterli still continued, the moon that lighted their last night at sea, on the wane now, had lifted its silver light over the matchless Lakes of Killarney lyiug like sheets of crystal light beneath. ' Oh, how lovely !' Trixy exclaimed. The rest stood silent. There is a beauty so intense as to be beyond words of praise — so sweet, so solemn, ns to Imsli the I very beating of our hearts. It was such beauty as this they looked upon now. They stood on the velvety sward — Sir Victor with Trixy on his arm, Charley and Edith side by side. A glowing mass of soft, scarlet drapery wrapped Miss Darrell, a co quettish hat, with along, black ostrich plume, set off her Spanish face and eyes. They had dined — and when is moonlight half as poetical as after an excellent dinner ? . 'I see two or three boats,' remarked Six* i Victor. ' I propose a row oil the lakes.' ! ' Of all things,' seconded Beatrix, ' a sail on the Lakes of Killarney ! Edith, do you realize it? Lot us go at once, Sir Victor.' ' Will you come with me, Edith?' Charley asked, ' or would you rather go with them?' She looked at him in stiprise. How grave his face — how quiet his tone ! He had been like this all day — silent, pre-occupied, grave. ' My very dear Charley, liowpolite we grow ! liow considerate of others' feelings ! Quite a new phase of your interesting character. I'll go with you, certainly. Mr. Charles Stuart, in a state of lamb-like meekness, is a study worth ?contemplating.' , He smiled slightly, and drew her hand within his .arm. 'Come, then,' lie said, 'let us have this last evening . together ; who knows when wo shall have another ?' Miss Darrell's brown eyes opened to their widest extent. ' ' This last, evening ! Who knows when we shall have another?' Charley, if you're medi tating flight or suicido, say so at once- — anv- tliing is better than suspense. I once saw 'a picture, ftf, ' Tho Knight of the woeful Counten ance the K. of the W. C. looked exactly as you look now ! If you're thinking of strychnine, say so—no one shall oppose you. My only regret is^ that I shall have to wear black, and hideous is a mild word to describe Edith Darrell in black.' ' Hideous ?' Charley repeated ; ' you ? I wonder if you could possibly look ugly in any thing? I wonder if you kno'vy. how pretty you are to-night in that charming hat and that scarlet drapery ?' ' ' Certainly .[ know, and charming I undoubt edly must look to wring a word of praise from you. It's tho first time in all your life, sir, you over paid me a compliment. Hitherto you have done nothing but find fault with my looks, and every tiling olso.' 'There is a time for everything,' lie an swers, a littlo sadly — sadly! and Charley Stuart. 'The time for all that is past. Hero' is our boat. You will steer, Editlr? Yes then I'll row.' , Tlio baronet and Trixy were already several yards off, out upon the shining water. Ano ther party — A large boat containing half a dozen, Captain Hammond among them was farther off still. In this boat sat a girl with a guitar ; her sweet voice as she sang came romantically over the lake, and tlm mountain echoes, taking it up, sang the refrain pnehan tingly over and over again. Edith lifted up her face to the starry sky, the moonlight bathing it in a glory. 'Oh, what a night!' she sighed. 'What a bright, beautiful world it is, and how per fectly happy one could be, if ? ' ' One had thirty thousand a year !' Char ley suggested. . 'Yes, exactly. Why can't life be all like this — moonlight, capital dinners, lots of friends, and new dresses, a nice boat, and yes — J will Say it — somebody one likes, very much for one's companion.' ' Somebody one likes very much. Edith ? I wonder sometimes if you like me at all if it is in you to liko any one but yourself. 'Thanks! I like myself, certainly, and first best I will admit. After that ? ' ' After that ?' he repeats. 'I like you. No, keep quiet, Charley, please, you'll upset the boat. Of course I like you — aren't you my cousin — haven't you been awfully kind — don't I owe all this to you ? Charley, I bless that night in the snow— it has been the luokies in my life.' ' And the unluckiest of mine.' ' Sir !' ' Oh, Edith, let us speak for once — let us understand one another, and then part fore ver, if we must. Only why need Ave part at all ?' She turns pale — she averts her face from him, and looks out over the radiant water, Sooner or later, she has known this must come — it hasl'come to-night. ' Why need we part at all ?' He is lean ing on his oai'S, and they are floating lightly with the stream. ' I don't need to tell you how I love you ; you know it well enough ; and I think — I hope — you care for me. Be true to yourself, Edith — you belong to me — come to me ; be my wife.' There is passion in his tone, in his eyis, lint, bis voice is auiet. and he sits with the oars in his hands. Even in this supreme moment of his life Mr. Stuart is true to his ' principles,' and will make no scene. ' You know I love you,' he repeats ; ' as the man in the Cork theatre said the other night ; 'I'll go down on my knees if you like, bnt I can love you just as well standing up.' Edith, speak to me. How can you ever many any one but me — but me, whose life you saved ? My darling, forget your cynicism — it is but lip-deep — you don't really mean it — and say you will be my wife.' 'Your wife!' she laughs, but her heart thrills as she says it. ' Your wife ! It would be pleasant, ? Charley ; but, liko most of tlie pleasant things of life, it can never be.' 'Edith!' ' Charley, all this is nonsense, and you know it. We are cousins — we are good friends and staunch comrades, and always will hn. T hone : bnt lovers — no. no. no !' ' And why ?' he asks. 'Have I not told you already — told you over and over again? If you don't despise me, and think me heartless and base, the fault has not been my want of candour. My cynicisms I mean, every word. If you bad your father's wealth, the fortune he means to leave, I would marry you to-morrow, and be,' her lips trembled a little, ' the happiest girl on earth.' 'You -don't care for me at all, then?' he calmly asks. ' Care for you ! Oh Charley'! can't you see ? I am not all selfish. I care for you so much that I would sooner die than marry yon. For you a marriage with me moans ruin — nothing else.' 'My father is fond of me. I am his only son. He would relent.' ' He never would,' she answered firmly, 'and you know; it. Chrley, the day he spoke to you in Cork, I was behind the window cur tains, reading. I heard every word. My first impulse. was to come and confront him — to throw back his favours and patronage, and demand to be semt home. A horrid bad tempci4 is numbered among the list of my fail ings. But I did not. I heard your calmreply — the ' soft answer that turnetli away wrath,' and it fell like oil on my troubled spirit. ' ' Don't lose your temper,' you said ; ' Fred Darrell's daughter and I wont marry, if that's what you mean.' ' ' I admire your prudence and truth. I took the lesson home, and — staid behind the cur tains. And we will keep to that — you and Fred Darrell's daughter will never marry.' ' But, Edith, you know what I meant. Good lieaven ! you don't for a second sup pose- ? ' 'I don't for a second suppose anything but what is good and generous of you, Charley. I know you would face your father like a — like a ' griffin rampant,' to quote Trixy, and brave all consequences if I would let you. But I won't let you. You can't afford to defy your lather, l ean t afford to marry a poor man.' ' I am young — I am strong — I can work. I have my hands and my head, a tolerable education and many friends. We would not starve.' 'We would not starve — peiMps,' Edith says, and laughs again, rather drearily. ' We would only grub along, wanting everything that makes life endurable, beyond all tolling beforo the first year ended. We don't want to hate each othor — we don't want to marry. You couldn't work, Charley — you were never born for drudgery. And I — I can't forget the traini ng of my life, even for .you.' ° ' You can't, indeed — you do your training credit,' he answered, bitterly. 'And so,' she goes on, her face drooping, ' don't bo angry ; you'll thank me for this some day. Let it be all over and done with to-night, and never bo spoken of more. Oh, Charley, my brother' don't you soo we could not be happy together — don't you see it is bettor we should part?' ' It shall bo exactly as you wish. I am but a poor special pleader, and your worldly wis dom is so clear, the dullest intellect might com prehend it. You throw mo over without a pang, and you moan to marry the baronet. Only as you aro not yot his exclusive pro perty, bought with a price — answer mo this : You love mo?' Her head drooped lowor, her eyes wero full of passionate tears, her heart full of nassionatn pain. Throw him over without a pang ! In lior heart of hearts Edith Darrell knew what it cost her to be heartless to-night. . -^llswcl' nio !' lie said, imperiously, his eyes kindling. ' Answor mo ! That much, at least, I claim as my right. Do you love me or do you not ?' » 1 And the answer comes very humbly and low. ' Charley .' what need to ask ? You know only too well — I do.' : And then silence falls. He takes up the oars again — their soft dip and the singing of tho girl in the distant boat the only sounds. White moonlight and black shadows, islands overrun with arbutus, that ' myrtle of Killai' ney,' and frowning mountains on every liand. The words of the girl's gay song come over the water : The time I're lost in wooing, In watcbiog and pursuing, The light that lien In woman'a eyeB Has been my heart's undoing. Though wisdom oft has sought me, I scorned the lore she brought me, My only hooks Wnre woman's loob«, And folly's all they've taught mo. ' And folly's all they've taught me !' Char ley says at length. ' Come what may, it is better that I should have spoken and you should have answered. Come what may though you marry- Sir Victor to-morrow I would not have tlie past changed if I could.' ' And you will not blame me too much— you will not quite despise mo ?' sho pleads, her voice broken, her face hidden in her hands. ' I can't help it, Charley. I would rather die than bo poor.' He knows sho is crying ; her tears move him strangely. They are in the shadow of Tore Mountain. He stops rowing for a moment, takes her hand, and lifts it to his lips. ' I will love you all my life,' is his answer. We have just related how two of the water party were enjoying themselves. A quarter of a mile farther off, another interesting little scene was going on in another boat. Trixy had been rattling on v61ubly. It was one of Trixy's fixed ideas that to enter tain and fascinate anybody her tongue must go like a windmill. Sir Victor sat and lis-, tened rather absently, replied rather dreamily and as if his mind were a hundred miles away. Miss Stuart took no notice, but kept on all the harder, endeavouring to be fascinating. But there is a limit even to the power of a woman's tongue. That limit was reached ; there came a lull and a pause. ' The time I've lost in wooing,' began the English girl in the third boat. The idea was suggestive; Trixy drew a deep breath, and made a fresh spurt — this time on the subject of the late Thomas Moore and his melodies. But the young baronet suddenly interposed. ' I beg your pardon Miss Stuart,' he began hastily, and in a somewhat nervous voice ; ' but there is a subject very near my heart on which I should like to speak to you this even ing.' Trixy sat straight up in the stern of the boat, as if she had been galvanized. Her heart gave one great ecstatic thump. ' Oh,' thought Miss Stuart, ' he's going to pop !' I grieve to relate it, but that was the identical way the young lady thought it. ' He's going to pop, as sure as I live !' There was a pause — unspeakably painful to Miss Stuart. '? Yes, Sir Victor,' she faltered, in her most dulcet and encouraging accents. ' I had made up my mind not to speak of it at all,' went on Sir Victor, looking embar rassed and rather at a loss for words, ' until we reached England. I don't wish to be premature. I — I dread a refusal so unspeak- , ably, that I almost fear to speak at all.' What was Miss Stuart to say to this? What could any well-trained yonng lady say ? ' Good gracious me !' (this is what she thought,) ' why doesn't he speak out, and not go beating about in tlie bush in this ridiculous manner ! What's lie afraid of ? Refusal, indeed ! Stuff and nonsense !' 'It is only of late,' pursued Sir -Victor Catheron, ' that I have quite realised my own feelings ; and then, when I saw the attention paid by another, and received with evident pleasure, it was, my jealousy first taught me that I loved.' ' He means Captain Hammond,' thought Trixy ; ' he's jealous of him as sure as a gun. How lucky we met him at Macroom.' ' And yet,' again resumed the baronet, with a faint smile, ' I don't quite despair. 1 am sure, Miss Stuart, I have no real cause.' 'No-o-o, I think not,' faltered Miss Stuart. ' And when I address myself to your father and mother, — as I shall very soon— you think, ' Miss Stuart, they will also favour my suit ?' ' They favour his suit r thought Trixy. ' 'Good Heaven above! was ever earthly '? modesty like this young man's ?' Bntaloud, 1 still in the trembling tones befitting the occa- ) sion: 'I — think so — I know so, Sir Victor. It will be only too much honor, I'm sure.' ? ; '? 'And — oli' Miss Stuart — Beatrix— if you' i will allow me to call you so— you think that j when I speak— when I ask— I -will be ac- j cop ted?' s ' He's a fool !' thought Beatrix, with an in- i ward burst. ' A bashful, ridiculous fool ; t Why, in the name of all that's namby-pamby, ' doesn't he pop the question, like a man, and ' have done with it ? Baslifulness is all very well— nobody likes a little of it better than I - do; bnt there is no use running it into tlic ' ground.' 'You are silent,' pursued Sir Victor. 'Miss Stuart, it is not possible that I ani too late, that there is a previous engagement ?' Miss Stuart straightened herself up, lifted her head, and smiled. Sho smiled in a way that would have driven a lover straight out of his senses. . ' Call me Beatrix, Sir Victor ; I like it best from my friends — from — from you. No, there is no previous engagement, and ' (archly this) 'I am quite sure Sir Victor Catheron need never fear a refusal.' - 'Thanks.' And precisely as another young ? gentleman was doing in the shadow of the ' Tore,' Sir Victor did in the shadow of the 'Eagle's Nest.' He lifted iliis fair5 com panion's hand to his lips and kissed it. After that, of course, there was silence. Trixy's heart was full of joy — pure, unadul terecl joy, to bursting, Oh, to be out of this, and able to tell pa and ma, and Charley, and Edith, and everybody! Lady Catheron! ' Beatrix— Lady Catheron!' No, I can't describe Trixy's feelings. Tlicro aro some joys too intense and too sacred for the Queen's English. She shut her eyes and drifted alono in that blessed little boat in a' speechless, ecstntic trance. An hour later, as the clocks of Killarney were striking ton, Sir Victor Catheron helped Miss Stuart out of tho boat, and had led lior up — still silently — to tho hotel. At the cntranco. lie paused, and said the only disagreeable thing he had uttered to-niglit. ' One last favour, Beatrix,' taking her hand aud gazing at her tenderly, ' I'mustask. Let what has passed between us remain between us for a few days longer. .1 would rather yon did not speak of it even to your parents. My ' aunt, who has been more than a mother to me, is ignorant still of my feelings — it is her right that I inform her first. Only a few days more and then all the world may know.' 'Very well, Sir Victor,' Beatrix answered, demurely ; ' as you please, of course. I sha'n't speak to pa or ma. Good- niglit, Sir Victor, good-niglit!' May I tell it ? Miss Stuart actually gave the baronet's hand a little squeeze. But were j they not engaged lovers or as good ? and I isn't it permitted engaged lovers to squeeze I each other's right hands ? So they parted. Sir Victor strolled away to smoke a cigar in the moonlight, and Miss Stuart, with a bea tified face, swept up stairs, her high- heeled New York gaiters click-clicking over the floor. Lady Catheron, Lady Catheron ! Oh, what ?\6ould all Fifth avenue say to this ? Sleep was out of the question — ;it was open to debate whether she would ever sleep again. She would go and see Edith. Yes, Edith and Charley had got home before her — she would go and see Edith. She opened the door and went in with a swish of silk and patchouli. The candles were unliglitcd. Miss Darrell, still wearing her hat and scarlet wrap, sat at tho window contemplating tho heavenly bodies. ' All in the dark, Ditliy, and thinking by the ' sweet silver light of the moon ?' Oh, Edie ! isn't it just the heavenliest night?' ' Is that what you came in to say, Miss Stuart ?' ' Don't be impatient, there's a dear ! I wanted to tell you how happy I am, and what a delicious — de-li-ci-ous,' said Trixy, dragg ing out. tlic sweet syllables, ' sail I've had. Oh, Edie ! how I've enjoyed myself ! Did you ?' ' Immensely !' Edith answered, with brief bitterness, and something in her tone made Trixy look at her more closely. ' Why, Edith, I do believe you've been cry ing !' ' Crying ! Bosh ! I never cry. I'm stupid — I'm sleepy — my head aclies. Excuse me, Trixy, but I'm going to bed.' 'Wait just one moment. Oh, Edith,' with a great burst, ' I can't keep it ! I'll die if t don't tell somebody. Oh, Edith, Edith ! wish me joy ! Sir Victor has proposed !' ' Trixy !' She could just say that .one word — then she. sat dumb. ? ' Oh, yes, Edith — out in the boat to-night. Oh, Edith ! I'm so happy — I want to jump— ?? I want to dance — I feel wild with delight ! Just think of it — think of it ! Trixy Stuart will by My Lady Catheron !' Edith turned of a dead white from brow to chin. She sat speechless with the shock — looking at Trixy — unable to speak or move. 'He's most awfully and aggravatingly modest !' pursued Beatrix. ' Couldn't say, plump like a man and a brother, 'Trixy Stuart, -will you marry me ?' but beat about the bush, and talked of being refused, and fearing a rival, and speaking to ma and pa and Lady Helena when wo got to England. But perhaps that's the way the British aris tocracy make love. He asked me if there was any previous engagement, and any fear of a refusal, and that rubbish. I don't see,' exclaimed Trixy, growing suddenly aggrieved ' Why he couldn't speak out like a hero, and be done with it ! He's had encouragement enough goodness knows !' ] Something ludicrous in the last words 'struck Edith — she burst out laughing. , But,, somehow, the laugh sounded unnatural, and her lips felt stiff and strange. ' You're as hoarse as a raven and as pale as a ghost,' said Trixy. 'That's what comes of sitting in draughts, and looking at the moonshine. I'm awfully happy, Edith ; and when 1 m liady Uatlieron, you shall come and live 'with me always — always, you dear old darling, just like a sister. And some day you'll be my sister in reality, and Charley's wife.' She flung her arms around Edith's neck, and gave her a rapturous hug. Edith Darrell unclasped her arms and pushed her away. ' I'm tired, Trixy ; I'm cold.' She shivered from head to foot. ' I want to go to bed.' 'But won't you say something, Dithy? Won't you wish me joy ?' ' I — wish — you— joy.' Her lips kept that strange feeling of stiff ness — her. face had lost every trace of color. Oh, to bo alone and free from Trixy ! l. 'You say it as if you didn't mean it,' said Trixy, indignantly, getting up and moving to the door. ' You look half-frozen, and as white as a sheet. I should advise you to shut the window and go to bed.' ? She was gone. Edith drew a long breath — a long, tired, heavy sigh. So ! that was over — and it was Trixy, after all. i Trixy after all ! How strangely it sounded '—it stunned her. Trixy, after all, and she ?had made sure that it was to be herself. He had looked at her, he had spoken to lier, as [lie had never looked or spoken to Trixy. ?His colour had risen like a erirl's at lier cominfr ? — she had felt his heart bound as sho leaned 'on his arm. And it was Trixy, after all ! I She lai.d her arm upon the window-sill, and lior face down upon it, feeling sick— sick — ? Jthat I should have to write it !— with' auger and envy. Sho was Edith Darrell, the poor relation, still- — -and Trixy was to be Lady [Catheron. i ' A ' pretty licrione !' cries some ' gentle jt'eader,' looking angrily up; ' a nasty selfish envious creature. Not tlic sort of a heroine we're used to.' All ! I know that— none bet -ter ! but, then, pure and perfect beings, who are ready to resign their lovers and husbands to make other women happy, arc to be found in — books, and nowhere else. And thinking it over, and putting yourself in lior place — honestly, now ! — wouldn't you havo been envious yourstelf ? ' V i CHAPTER IX. .'A T/ A S F 0 It trixy!' V j ' And after to-night wo will all have a rest, thank Hcavon ! and my pilgrimage will come to an end. A fortnight at Powyss' Place be fore you go up to London, my doar Mrs. Stuart — not a day less.' Thus Lady Helena Powyss, oight days later, .seated luxuriously in the first-class carriage, and flying along 'by express train between Dublin and Kingston, en route for Cliesliiro. ? They had 'done' tho south of Iroland, finished tlio Lakes, spent a pleasant lialf-week iu Dublin, and now, in the light of tho May al'tornoou, wore flying along to meet the chan nel boat. Captain Hammond was of tlio party still, and included in the invitation to Powyss Placo. IIo sat between Lady Helena and Sir Victor now -Miss' Stuart, in charming travelling costume, in tho sunny seat next tho 'window. | On tho opposite scat, at the other extreme | ond, sat Edith Dan-oil, hoi- eyes riveted upon tlio pages of a book. [ Since that night in tho boat Miss Stuart had quietly Jbut resolutely taken cntiro pos session of Sir Victor. IIo was hers — sho had tho right. If a gentleman is modest to a fault, mayn't a lady overstep, by an inch or two, the line that Mrs. Grundy draws, and meet him lialf-wny ? Tlicro is an adage about helping tlic lamo dog over the stile — that work of mercy is what Trixy was doing now. Beforo sho loft her room on tho ensuing morning following that novcr-to-bo-forgotten night, Edith had entered and taken Trixy in. lior arms and kissed her. ' I was stupid and out of sorts last night, Trixy,' sho had said. ' If I seemed churlish, I ask your pardon, deai-, with all my heart. I was surprised — I don't mind owning that — and perhaps a little, just a littlo, envious. But all that is over now, and I do wish you joy and happiness, from the bottom of my heart. Your the best and dearest girl in tho world, and deserve your fairy fortune.' And she had meant it. Trixy was one of tho best and dearest girls in the world ; and if Sir Victor preferred her to herself, what right had sho to grudge her lior luck. Against the baronot himself she felt anger deep and strong still. How dared he seek lier out as ho had done, solect her for his confidante, and look love in fifty different ways, when he meant to marry Trixy ? What a fool she might have made of herself had she been a whit less proud than she was. Since then she had avoided him: in no marked manner, perhaps, but she had avoided him. He should pour no more family confidences into her ear, that she resolved. He belonged to Trixy — let him talk to Trixy, then ; she wanted- no othor girl's lover. If ho felt this avoidance, lie showed no sign. Perhaps he thought Miss Stuart had dropped some hint — girls, despite their promises, have been known to do such things — and this cliango was becoming maidenly reserve. Sir Victor liked maidenly reserve — none of your Deside monas, who meet their Othellos half- way, for him. Trixy's unremitting attentions wore sisterly, of course. He felt grateful accord- ' ingly, and strove to repay her in kind. One other thing he observed, too, and with great complacency- — the friendship between Miss Darrell and' her cousin, Charley, had come to . an end. . That is to say, they rather kept . aloof froin each other— beyond the most or dinary attention, Mr. Stuart seemed to have nothing whatever to say to liis cousin. This Tyas as it should be ; certainly Beatrix must havo dropned '~'**8)judicious hint. He was £o her. They reac.iv. on in tho early twi light, and embarlciltTERS; was rough crossing, of course. Trixy was ifcized with agonies of mat de mer once more. Edith waited upon her assiduously. Mrs. Stuart and Lady Helena had a stewardess apiece. Happily, if severe, it was short; before midnight they were at Holyhead, and on tho train once more. Then off — flying througli Wales — whirling by mountains — illuminated glass stations — the broad sea to their left, asloop under the stars, the spray at times in their faces. Past villages, ruins, castles, and cot tages, and at two in the morning thundering into the big station at Chester. Two carriages awaited them at the Chester station. Into one entered Mr. and Mrs.- Stuart, Sir Victor, and Beatrix ; into tho other, Lady Helena, Edith, Charley, and Captain Ham mond. They drove away through quiet, quaint Chester, 'rare old city of Chester,' with its wonderfnl walls, its curious old streets — looking liko set scenes in a theatre to American eyes — glimpses of ilie peaceful Dee, glimpses of Curson Park, with its stately villas; away for miles over a country road, then Chesholm at three in the morning, silent and asleep. Presently an endless stretch of ivied wall appears in view, inclosing, a prime val forest, it seems to Edith ; and Lady Helena sits up and rubs her eyes, and says it is Catheron Royals. Tlie girl leans forward and strains her eyes, but can make out nothing in the darkness save that long line of wall and waving trees. This is to be Trixy's home, she thinks — happy Trixy ! Half an hour more of rapid driving, and they aro at Powyss Place, and their journey is at an end. They emerge from the chill darkness of dawning day into a blaze of light — into a vast and stately entrance-hall. A long file of servants are drawn up to recieve them. And 'Welcome to Powyss Place,' Lady Hel ena says with kind courtesy. 'I can only wish your visit may be as -pleasant to you you made mine in New York.' Without changing their dresses, they are ushered into a lofty arid handsome dining room. More brilliant lights, more silent, res spectful servants, a round table luxuriously spread. They sit down ; forget tliey are tired and sleepy, eat drink, and are merry ; and it is five, and quite day, before they were shown up to their rooms. Then, hasty disrobing, liasty lying down, and all are at peace inn the land | of dreams. Nry+. dfl.V. snmpwllAT-o nlinnt rmnn 'iUXao Stuart, clicking along in her narrow-soled, preposterously liigh-lieolcd boots, over a polis hed oaken corridor, as black as ebony, and several degrees more slippery than ice, lost her footing, as might be imagined, and came down with an unearthly screech, on one ankle. Of course the anklo was sprained ; of course every one flew to the rescue. Sir Victor was first on tho field, and in Sir Victor's arms Miss Stuart was lifted, and borno back to her room. Luckily it was near, or oven Sir Vic- j tor's chivalry and muscular development would not havo been equal to it, for Trixy was a ' fine woman.' The anklo was bathed and bandaged, tho invalid s breakfast brought U-P — everything done for hor comfort that it ?was possible to do ; and in tho midst of their fussing, having cried a great deal, Miss Stuart suddenly dropped off asleep. Edith - came out of tlio room looking pale and tired. In the slippery passage she encountered Sir Victor waiting. ' I havo waylaid you on purpose, Miss Darrell,' lie said, smiling, ' lest you should moot with a mishap, too. A carpet shall bo placed hero immediately. You look palo — are yoii ill ?' There was a solicitudo iu his face, a tremu lous, suppressed tenderness in the common placo question, a look in his eyes that had no business iri the eyes of another young lady's betrothed. But Edith felt too fagged and spiritless just at present to notice. ' I fool^ well enough ; nothing is over tho matter with mo; but I am rather stupid. Stupidity,' she said, with her old laugh, ' is fast becoming my normal stato.' 'You will como with mo for a walk, will you not ?' lio asked. ' The park is very well worth seeing. To-morrow Miss Stuart's sprain pormittinsr. wo will all visit Catheroii Royals. Do como, Miss Darrell; it Avill do you a world of good.' Sho hesitated a moment, then wont. What difference did it mako? Trixy -wouldn't bo jealous now. What diffcronce did anything make, for that mattor ? Sho was dull and low spirited; sho needed a walk in tho fine fresli air. So they wont on that fateful walk-—' that walk that was to bo like no other in all Edith Darrell's life. , It was a perfect May-day, an English May day ; tho grass, gi-cen beyond all ordinary greenness, tho fragrant hawthorn hedges scenting the air, the thrush and the linnets singing in tho trees, cowslips and dairies dot ting the sward. A fresh cool breeze swept over the uplands, and brought a faint traco of life and colour^ into Edith's dark, pal© cliccks. 'This is the Limo Walk — the prettiest sit: Powyss Placo, to my mind.'' This was tho young baronet's first commonplace remark. ' If you will ascend tho eminence yonder, Miss Darrell, I think I can point out Catheron Royals ! 'that is, if you think it worth the trouble.' It was all the same to Edith — the Limo Walk, the eminence, or any other quarter o£ the park. Sho took Sir Victor's arm, as lie seemed to oxpect it, and went with him slowly up tho elevation. Palo, weary, listless, sho might bo, but how charmingly pretty sho looked in tho sparkling sunshine, tho soffc wind blowing back her loose brown hair, kindling into deeper light her velvety-brown, eyes, bringing a sea-shell pink into eacht creamy cheek. Beautiful beyond all ordinary beauty of womanhood, it seemed to Sir Vic tor Catheron. ' It is a wonderfully pretty placo,' slio said. ' I should think you English pcoplo, whoso ancestors, time out of mind, liavo lived and died hero, would grow to lovo every ivy-clad stone, every brave old tree. If I wero not Alexander I would bo Diogenes — if I wero not an American girl, I would bo an English miss.' Sho laughed and looked up at him, her spirits rising in tho sunsliino and tho free, fresh air. His eyes were fixed upon her face — passionate admiration, passionate love, written in them far too plainly for any girl on earth not to read. . And vet — he had proposed to Trixy. 'You would?'- he eagerly exclaimed. ' Miss Darrell, do I understand you to say you could live in England all your life — give up America and your friends, and pass your life here ?' She shrugged her shoulders. ' It would be no groat sacrifice. Aparfc from my father, there isn't a soul in all wide America I care a farthing for, and your Englisli homes aro very charming.' . The last barrier broke down. He had not meant to speak — he had meant to bo very prudent and formal— to tell Lady Helena first, to refer the matter to Mr. Stuart next. Now, all prudenco and formality wore swept away. Her hands were in his — he was speaking with, his whole heart in every word. ' Then stay and share an English home — chare mine, Edith. I love you — I havo loved you, I think, since I saw you first. Will you. bo my wile ?' Alas for Ti-.ixy !— that was Edith's first thought. To burst- .out laughing — that was Edith's first impulse. \Not in triumph or exul tation — just at this moment slio felt neither' — but at the awful blunder Trixy had made ; for Trixy had made a blunder, that was clear as day, else Sir Victor Catheron had never said tlioso words. , ' I meant to have spoken to Lady Helena and Mr. Stuart first,' Sir Victor wont on; ' but that is all over now. I can't wait longer ; I must take my sontenco from yonr lips. I lovo you! What moi-o can I say? You are the first my lips havo ever said it to — the first my heart lins over felt it for, Edith, tell me, may I hope ?' She stood silent. They wero on the sum mit. of the hill. Away, far off, she could see the waving trees and tall chimneys of % stately mansion — Catheron Royals, no doubt. It looked- a very grand and noble place;, it might bo her homo for life- — she who, in one sense, was homeless. A bai-onet stood beside her, offering her rank and wealth — she, pen niless, pedigreeless Edith Darrell ! All the dreams of life were being realised, and in this hour she felt neither triumph nor elation. (To be Continued. 