CHAPTER XLVil. . ?.. :'. ? A MEETING. : . Love ! Oh, no, no t Though as his wife, : bound to 'him » By sacred duties and most holy vows, I should have loved him well, and never, surely, ' ? In poverty had I forsaken him; '? But being left, I felt an instant joy That I was free. . —Miss Mitfoed. Among the. anxious people that wait ed the return of the Patagonia from Demerara with keen expectations were Marion Judd and her father. Isaac Judd was part owner of the ship and a personal friend of the captain. They had known each other when they were struggling boys, with no one to help them in their fight with the world, and they had kept up the intimacy through out their lives. The ship never came home from a voyage that the captain did not bring some thing rare or pretty for Marion or her father. They bad heard all r.bout Martin Hill, and how he had picked him up, and the story had set Marion think ing whether it were possible that the stranger might be Leonard Hastings. She had told no one of her fancy, but had wisely waited till after the inquiries whioh the captain made. There was no reasonable doubt then that the young man was what he represented hiniBelf to be. Martin Hill, who had gone out in the illf ated Irene, was a person answer ing in every respect to the description of the rescued man. He had no friends to trouble about him, or anyone interest ed in his welfare in any way, and Marion, when she heard the facts, ceased to trouble herself about the matter at all. When they heard from Captain Brook of his coming return, he announced also that he should bring Martin Hill back with him. ' I can't make the young fellow out,' he wrote. ' Perhaps when we get to England we shall know more about him. He still -presists that he has no friends or home, but I believe he has and that for some reason or other he is afraid or ashamed to go near them. He is doing well out here, which makes me wonder at his ' wanting to come back.' . It so happened that Isaac Judd and his daughter were in Liverpool when the Patagonia reached home, and they made their way down to the docks to see tbeir old friend. As they were 'being pulled to the ship, they passed a boat with two or three persons in it, being rowed to the shore. A young man sat in the stern very much muffled up, with enough of his face visible for Marion to see and recognize. 'With a little cry, she grasped her father's arm.1 ' Look, father ! Look there !' she cried. ' Where, child ?' he asked. 'There — in that boat. Did you see that man ? Oh; do look, before they are out of sight.' ? ' Who is it ?' he said, bewildered by the suddenness of her appeal, and not quite knowing where she meant him to look. /'Leonard Hastings, father. See, there! In that boat.' ' By Jove ! So it is !' he exclaimed, looking in the direction of her point ing finger, and catching sight of the person she was looking at. ' Here ! hi ! Stop you fellows ! Stop that boat, I say ! I want to ? ' But the boat had shot past before he could make himself understood, and was 'already out of sight amongst a crowd of craft of all sizes. Isaac's per turbation and Marion's pale face did not pass unnoticed by their friend the cap tain. When the greetings were over, Mr. Judd told his friend what they had seen, and described the boat and the man. ' Why that was my boat going ashore with Martin Hill,' was the instant reply. ' Are you quite sure ?' ' Quite !' Marion replied, unheaita tingly. ' I couid not mistake him. I should know him anywhere.' ' Yes,' her father said, dryly; 'we arenot likely to forget him. Thatf 8 the young fellow that was going to marry my girl here. Oh, I sha'n't hurt her, speaking of it now. She has got over her heartache, hav*nt you, Marion ?' ? ' I don't know that there was ever any real heartbreak, papa,' Marion said, gently. ' There was pain, and mortification, and sorrow, of course ; but it was for the best. I knew that from the first I was wrong ever to con sent to it.at all.' ' Ah, our young ones are often wiser tlian we are,' said Isaac. I could see nothing in the affair but the grandeur of being connected with high folks who didn't care a pin about me or mine. It's as well as it is, maybe.' Much better, father dear,' Marion said, quietly. '|We won't talk any more about it. The earl and his family are our very good friends, Captain Brook, 'and I. think it extremely probable we should have quarrelled long before this if I had been Mr. Hasting's wife. It was him I saw. What shall we do ?' ' Write to Lady Geraldine and tell her,' Isaac Judd said. ' Maybe they know, and he is coming home all square and above board.' Marion shook her head. ' No,' she said, ' I know he is not. In the very last letter I had from Geraldine she was in great grief because the earl would not, even now, when Lord Fourness is dead allow them to to speak of Leonard. He is just as hard and unforgiving as ever.' She did not know that the earl's sil ence and sternness were caused as much by his deep feeling a about his son as anger ; she had no idea of the yearning after his missing boy that had taken possession of Lord Templestowe's heart. If she had she would have gone straight to London, and told him she had seen .Leonard* Her main feeling at the sight of him vas fear. She knew he was liable to irrest for what he had done, and had jo idea of the endeavors Lord Allar lyce had made to have the affair hushed ap. There was really no danger in Leonard' return — for it was Leonard she had seen. The Jew Levy bad disappeared, and was supposed to be dead and no cne else had any interest in the matter. ' I'll go to London, father,' she said. 'Maybe I can help to make things 3traight. I can prepare Geraldine, any way, Lady Templestowe is so nervous. It will be an awful shock to her.' It was quite easy for Marion to go to London— she had friends there were she was always welcome— and her going would not seem to have any special re ference to aught beyond her own busi ness, i Her arrangements were soon made, and she was ready to start that same night. Her father saw her off, wishing her good . speed, and little dreaming what manner of travelling companion she was going to have. At a station about twenty miles down the line from Manchester, a man got into the same carriage with her, so evidently choosing it because there was only one person in it, that she felt rather alarmed. She was thickly veiled and ehrouded in travelling wraps, and he had his hat down over ' his eyes, and a muffler on, so that she could not see his face. He was very silent, and as the time were on she felt more at ease than just at first, when she had been very much inclined to ask the guard to put her into another carriage, ooothed/by the drowsy rattle of the wheels, and a little tired as well, she fell into a doze, and lost herself, being only concious that she was on a journey somewhere. Suddenly she sat up, wideawake, net knowing what had roused her, to see her recreant lover sitting opposite her. He had taken of ? his travelling cap and wrappfir, as though, he were too warm, never dreamingtha thet silent lady op posite to him would know him. Marion could not repress a slight ex clamation, and he started up with a wild fear on his face. He had thought him self safe from detection, and here he was found out before he reached London for Marion, in her astonishment, had ut tered his name. She threw back her veil when she saw the blank look of dis may that came over his features, and spoke to him. ' Don't you know me, Leonard ?' she Baid. He stared at her in bewilderment as though he had seen a ghost. 'Marion !' he exclaimed. ' Is it really you?' ' Yes, Lord Fourness, it is really me — Marion Judd.' He looked puzzlad for a moment at the title. It was his, he knew ; but it was the first time he had ever heard it applied to himself. ' You will not betray me P' he said earnestly. ' Betray you ! What do you mean ?' ? '????' ' I ought not to have hinted at ench i thing, I know. But I fear' everybody. You will not tell anyone that you have seen me?' , Marion smiled, though she was rather alarmed at the vehement way in which tie had spoken. ' That is precisely what I was going bo do,' she said. ' My father and I saw pou to-day as you were being rowed a shore from the Patagonia, and I am on iny road to. town to break the. news to lear Geraldine.' ' Then you are friends ?' ' lam proud to say we are. Your mother and sister are most kind to me.' 'lam glad to think it. Bvt Marion —Miss Judd, I Bhould say— they must Qot know yet that I am not dead. Will your father be silent? Will he not 9peak ?' ' My father is discretion itself. He will not open his mouth till he hears from me. We agreed upon that before Heft.' ' Then keep Bilence for a day or two, till I can find out whether I can Bhow myself safely. Do you know what I risk in coming back ?' ' I can guess.' ' It may be that I Bhould be arrested at my father's door. I am a criminal, an outcast, a felon,' he said, bitterly; ' and if I thought that would happen I wonld turn my back on England again, and never seek to look upon my mother's face again. The sea would not have me, We were burnt out and the fire spared me. When I read of my brother's death in an old paper, two months old at least, I could not settle down any longer where I was. I think I should have come if I had known a policeman was waiting to arrest me the moment I landed.' The passionate home yearning waB to be seen in every line of his face as he spoke. Marion had come to dispise him utterly in the days that were gone by — be had blighted her life, made her a thing to be1 talked about and pointed at in a way that most women would never have forgiven— but her feeling for him was nothing but pity as he s; t there before her with all his humilit ation fresh upon him again. There was room for pity as well as blame in any thought, of Leonard Hastings With all his wickedness he was not wholly bad. Hia faults were partly those of his bringing up, and he loved his mother passionately in spite of hie misdeeds. How he had longed for his home, and to see those whom he had sinned against and wronged, during his. enforced absence only he himself knew. Marion could guess. She was not hard hearted, and she spoke gently and kindly when she answered his wild words. (To be continued.) 