KATHERINE'S VENGEANCE [BY THE AUTHOR OF " PAULINA LISLE."] PART II. CHAPTER XXV.—(Continued.) There had been a time when Mrs. Vavasor would have had pluck enough to reply as Clavorhouse replied to the same question of the Covenanter's widow: ''To man I can answer well enough, and God I will take in my own hand ;'' but that time was past. She sank back in her seat, her hands over her eyes, cowering, shrinking, like the guilty creature she was, before him—not daring to meet that stern, terrible face. The strange adventure, hHer nervous fear, the darkness, the solitude—all were telling upon her as such things tell upon women. " It was rather a hackneyed plan of vengeance'' —the cold, quiet, pitiless tones of Henry Otis went on—taken second-hand from one of your favourite three-volume novels, and quite unworthy the origin- ality and inventive genius you have displayed in later years. You make no attempt to deny it, I see ; that, at least, is wise." " I do deny it," cried Mrs. Vavasor, plucking up courage from sheer desperation at last. ''I don't know what you are talking of. How dare you bring me here? What is the meaning of this infamous plot? How dare you detain me in this dreadful house? Let me go, Henry Otis, or it will be the worse for you.'' She rose up and faced him— at bay— her face grey with fear and a hunted light in her black eyes.'' ''How dare you write me that letter ?— how dare you sign that name ! — how dare you bring me all the way from Paris to— to meet -----'' She stopped suddenly, covered her face with both hands, and burst into a passion of tears — tears of rage, of fright, of disappointment. The old love for the handsome, high-born lover of her youth lived yet in her heart— that battered, world hardened heart had throbbed with the purest rapture it had felt for years at the thought of seeing him once more ; and it was bitter —bitter to her beyond all telling to have it end like this. ''If there be a law to punish such treachery as this, you shall be punished, Henry Otis, when I go free,'' she passionately cried. '' 'When you go free,' '' Mr. Otis repeated ; ''ah, but you are not going free ! I don't do my work in that bungling way. As cleverly as you plotted to entrap Katherine Dangerfield six years ago, so I have entrapped you tonight. Pause a moment and think. No one — not a soul — knows you are here, and I presume you have left no friends behind in Paris who will trouble themselves greatly to make search for you. Women like you make no friends. This house, as you have seen, is utterly lonely and isolated--it is reputed to be haunted-- no one comes here who can possibly avoid it. And here you stay--though it shall be weeks, months--until you make a full confession. Make it tonight, and you go free--refuse, and you are locked up until you do. Here are pen, ink, and do. Here arc pen, ink. and piper— dictate your confession and I will write it down.'' She sat mute, dogged, her hands clenched, her lips shut, her eyes glittering. ''What do you know ?'' she asked, sullenly. ''Enough to send you to Newgate. That when Lord Ruysland came to your cottage to claim his child, a year after its mother's death, you gave him yours and kept his. You kept the infant Lady Cecil Clive, and gave the Earl of Ruysland John Harman's daughter. John Harman's daughter lives in luxury at Scars wood Park tonight, and Lady Cecil Clive— the real Lady Cecil, is— where, Mrs. Harman ? Sold like a slave to strangers in her third year— strangers who loved her, little thanks to you. Still your vengeance against her dead mother, who had robbed you of your lover, was not sated. On her wedding-day you came forward and told the world she was not the daughter of Sir John Dangerfield — you took care not to tell whose daughter she was — you robbed her of her husband, home, and name — you killed her as sure as ever murderess killed her victim. That is what I know. The story of Lord Ruysland shall hear, whether or not you confess. The law of England would force your story from you if I gave you over to it. I chose, however, to take the law in my own hand. Out of this house you never go alive until you have confessed.'' She listened to him, her face settling, sullen, and dark. ''I'll never confess. I say again. I don't know what you are talking of. I gave Lord Ruysland his daughter— mine died. The child Sir John Dangerfield adopted was my — my cousin's daughter; I had an old grudge against her mother. I say again. Henry Otis, let me go, or it will be the worse for you. Threats and illegal punishment are Newgate matters, if it comes to that. Let me go, or I'll ------'' What Mrs. Vavasor meant to do Henry Otis was never destined to hear. The words seemed to freeze upon her lips— her face slowly blanched to the ashen hue of death— her eyes dilated with some great horror. Henry Otis followed her glance. Old Hannah had quitted the room unobserved some seconds before, leaving the door ajar. Through this door, without sound of any kind, a figure had glided. It stood now just within the door-way, perfectly still, its eyes fixed on vacancy. It wore a dress of some white, summery stuff, its long, loose hair fell over her shoulders ; its face was perfectly white, its eyes cold and fixed, its arms hung loose by its side. So, as in years past, she had a hundred times seen Catherine Dangerfield living, she saw her once more tonight — dead. Dead surely — and this was her ghost. She uttered no cry, no sound. Slowly, step by step, she recoiled, that utter horror on her face, her eyes fixed on the motionless figure, until the wall barred her progress. , ''Look !'' she whispered in an awful voice. '' Look ! '' ''Look where ?'' Henry Otis repeated, stoically, ''I don't see anything.'' ''At the door !'' still in the same awful whisper. ''See — it is — Katherine Dangerfield ! Look !'' ''Well,'' Mr. Otis responded, testily, '' I am looking and don't see anything. You're dreaming, Mrs. Vavasor. Katherine Dangerfield is in Castleford churchyard, is she not ? She can't be at Bracken Hollow. Come, Jook at me, and leave off staring in that ghastly way at nothing.'' She turned her eyes slowly upon him for an instant, then they moved back, as if beyond all control of hers, to the door. The spectre had vanished. And Mrs. Vavasor, with a gasping cry, fell down fainting in a heap. ''Artistically done. You're the most useful of ghosts, Katherine,'' Mr. Otis cried, springing up. ''Come in, pray, and fetch salts and cold water. I think she'll need no urging to tell now.'' Miss Herncastle came forward, a smile on her face — the salts in her hand. ''I don't think she will. It was quite as much as I could do to preserve my gravity, standing stock-still there under her horrified gaze. I am afraid I should have laughed outright and spoiled the tableaux if you had not called her attention off. Yes, I think we shall have the truth now.'' '' You had better go— she is coming round,''' said Mr. Otis, as the widow's eyelids fluttered ; '' vanish, Katherine, and send Hannah here. You'll hear all in the passage.'' Hannah re-entered — Miss Herncastle disappeared. Mrs. Vavasor's black eyes opened to the light. She started up— memory returning with consciousness— and grasped the arm of Henry Otis. 'Has she gone ?'' Her eyes went wildly to the door. ''Yes, I tell you I saw her — Katherine — as plainly as I ever saw her in my life. Mr. Otis, for God's sake, take me away— don't leave me or I shall go raving mad.'' ''I shall take you away, and I shall not leave you a moment alone, if you will speak the truth.'' ''Yes — yes, I will. I'll do anything — tell any thing, only stay with me, for the love of Heaven. I would rather die than see her again !'' She cowered down into her chair, her face hidden in her hands, and in a sort of gasping whisper told her story. ''I confess it all,'' Mrs. Vavasor began ; '' I don't know how you have found it out, but it is true, every word. I did change the children. I hated the Countess of Ruysland ; but for her, I ould have been Lionel Cardanell's wife. I married John Harman, but I despised him. Poor, weak fool, I was glad when he died. She gave me money, she gave me presents; and I took them all, and hated her more every day. She wasn't happy with her husband — that was some comfort. She was jealous — she had a furious temper; Katherine inherited it, you may remember.'' She shivered as she pronounced the name. ''My baby was a month old the night she ran away from the earl, in a fit of fury, and came to me. I didn't care for the child; I always disliked children ; I used to wish it might die. It was a great deal of trouble, and I hated trouble ; and it looked like John Harman. Why should I care for it? She came to me; she thought I had forgotten and forgiven, and was her friend. She didn't know me, you see. That night her baby was born— a girl, too. Next morning she was dead. She died in my arms, in my poor cottage, without husband or friend near her. That would have satisfied most women— it didn't satisfy me. They came, and took her away. The earl told me to keep and nurse the child— who so fit as I ? I don't believe he ever looked at it. He didn't much care for his wife, but the manner of her death was a shock and a scandal. They buried her, and he went away. ''It was then that the plan of changing the children occurred to me. Some people believe the spirits in heaven hear and see and watch over their loved ones on earth. No doubt the Countess of Ruysland was iu heaven— could a lady of her rank go anywhere else ? Well, it would be a satisfaction to see her daughter growing up in poverty and obscurity, and John Harman's in rank and luxury. His lordship paid me well ; I sold out Harman's business and left the town, where I and the children were known. I went to live in a village some thirty miles away, where the fraud could be carried on in safety. I took no especial care of either of them, but they grew and thrived in spite of that. My daughter had brown eyes and flaxen hair, and was small and delicate-looking — much the prettier of the two. The earl's daughter had grey eyes and fair hair, and was large for a child of two years. She had her mother's temper and her mother's will ; mine was one of the gentlest creatures that ever was born ; I called the earl's daughter Katherine. I called mine Cecil, as Lord Ruysland had desired his daughter to be named. I was well paid, but I grew tired to death of taking care of them and vegetating in a stupid village. I wrote to Lord Ruysland to come for his child. He came, and I gave him mine. I did not let him see the other at all ; I told him my little girl was ailing, and he took the other away totally un- suspecting. Then I sold off everything and went to France, taking little Kathie with me. The collision in which I was badly hurt followed — the child escaped. In the hospital Colonel Dangerfield came to see me ; he thought I was poor, and I did not undeceive him. His only daughter had been instantly killed — he offered to adopt little Kathie in her stead, and I closed with the offer at once. I never saw her again until, under the name of Mrs. Vavasor, I came to Scarswood Park, and met her as Sir John's heiress. ''I solemnly swear that the young girl who was known as Katherine Dangerfield was in reality the Lady Cecil Clive, only child of the Earl and Countess of Ruysland. The person who now bears that title is my daughter, christened Katherine Harman. I will swear this in any court of law. I changed them out of revenge upon the late Lady Ruysland. (Signed) HARRIET HARMAN. '' The wretched woman wrote her name ; old Hannah, and Henry Otis affixed theirs as witnesses. He folded up the document, superscribed it ''Confession of Harriet Harman,'' and placed it in his breast pocket. She sat watching every motion with terrified eyes. ''What are you going to do with it?'' she asked. ''I am going to place it in the hands of Lord Ruysland between this and tomorrow night. The rank and name your daughter has usurped for two-and-twenty years, shall be taken from her before the expiration of four-and-twenty hours.'' ''It was no fault of hers,'' the guilty woman said, with trembling lips. ''You made Lord Ruysland's daughter pay the penalty of her mother's actions — yours shall pay the penalty of hers. For you,'' Mr. Otis arose, ''Lord Ruysland shall deal with you as he sees fit.'' She started to her feet and caught him as he was turning away. '' Take me away from this horrible house — now, at once. You promised, you know. Do anything you like, only take me away.'' 'Not tonight,'' he answered, coolly. ''It is impossible. You would make your escape, and that I can't allow. Six years ago you had your day — this is mine. The mercy you showed Katherine Dangerfield then shall be meted out to you now. Don't be afraid — you shall not be left alone. You shall have a light. Hannah, take her up to the room prepared for her, and remain with her all night.'' He drew himself from her grasp, and left the room. He heard her cry of terror and despair as he went out. Miss Herncastle stood still in the passage. He took her hand and led her into another rcom, and gave her the paper. ''The world shall know you as you are at last,'' he said — '' shall give you the name you should have borne from your birth. ? Let me be the first to call you by it.'' He lifted her hand to his lips. '' Lady Cecil Clive.'' (To be continued.) 