LOCAL AND GENERAL. Our Forth correspondent writes: — There is very little to write about from here, except the weather, which is very unpleasant just now. On Monday and rIuco wo have bud BMrcre;raiD,HiQittis, which have uia'Ir (ho roads Tory dirty, I would like to 'cat' the Attention of our tneuib'rs In lh« Forth trust to tbe almost impasssblo state of ;tb« apprnaohei to f ho bridgq Tbey srn ankln dorp in .mad and ' water, which mako h vory bad for tboso who haTO to travil on foot, moro et going to and retiming from school. It h simply disgraceful. Parts want aoraplog, and tho hollow wluob is In lb centre of the road roindiog ip with n few loade of metal, of which thrr is abindanoo already broken n-»r tin Tloarago We get Tery little of tar ratofl «pent on oar sido of tho towoflhip. .Tti»» question ia often asked, where, des tho moony go te? I tract these few bints will arouse the trntt to do Uiolr dnty, whioh fa more Important lluo catting tbe tueatck uoar the Leven. , Al though potatoee aro se low ia prioa, enrtlog still goes on, -8 snveral (Rams pnei every day to Leltb, Devonport; Kindred, or e'at- vbtre, f' A ineeRog of the luembera of the Dotoo- poit Chamber of Oaintueroe U called for Toesduy, at 4 o'clock, at tba Pablio Build ings, when the qu'RiioQ ef oetablhhinj cool otorage on thu Coast will bo again ucn.idbrod. It is high time that tbo bnsi uees was broigbt to a head, one wy. or another, and, therefore! It Ie deotrable that Chore should be a full attendanse of mem bers of the Chamber, and the projtot takin p in such a inannor as to eaenro snbotsst f BROOfiee b poackde, or else drop the project Altogether. We are informed thata preeentation of a Tory flattering klod was tuado to Mr Adaru Mays, of tbe Albion Hotel, Ulvtrstone, oa Wodoieday eTinfug when a number of his friend met at the hotel and presented biin with a parse of eoTsreigns to defray tbo expenses in connection with the late law oae«.' Mr A. B . Ellin occupied the obair and made tbe presentation, after which a convivial evening was spent in songs toasts, &«. Among other prominent sym pathisers priseot wore Messrs Holbrook, Frith, Weils, Beauobtmp, and others. In another column Mr Mayd returns thanks te bis friondc. A eommi:tee mooting of the Ulverstone 'Oyotiog Olob.waa he'd en Thursday even ing when thi question of holding some sports on the last Wednesday in the month at Ulverstone was diseassed, bat tho fioal consideration of tho matter was left till Monday ivming, io that a sob-committee could canvass the town io see if the shop keepers would oloso their reBpootive eatab- liehminto on the afternton in question, and whether they wonld assist the committee financially te ron the spbria. if the sports are hold, the fall programme will appear in osr advertising celamas on£atnrday,'and will inolsde two bloyole races, wbioh will be a novelty, also a Sheffield Handicap, 440yd raeo, and other ovents. A champion 440yd foot race will alsa be advertised, the prize in wbioh will bo a valuable trophy with 20 per oont of tba gate money and a eweep of £5 per man added! It ia sot known if each a race oan be got up in tbe time, bat aa several manors baveexpresitd a wish to have a try as to wholl best man the ohanoa will be given if the ipertB are held at all. A meeting of tbo committee in connec tion with tbe Ohnroh of England sports, &o;, at Weat Devonport, on the Qaeen's Birth day, was held on Tharsday evening, the Rev 8. H. Hughtfl occupying tbo ofaair A balance sheet wai Babmitted in eo&neo.; tion with tbe tea meetiog and oonoert, Tbe reoeipte wero £15 IBs, and the expen diture £7 8', lflavinga balaroe of £6 5s« whioh goes towards liqeidatiog the debt en the church Building. It wee deoided that the Bporte be heiri on some fntare data- After votes of thauks to MrsGbapwnn and other laditB, and the hon secretary, Mr W# G. Oarwen, the meeting dosed. Mr Ernest Hoaklng, the society enter, lainer, who caused Buch a soneitioo in apiritnalistlo cirotee some tjiso ago in bis expose ef the Mm Mellon ghost frauds at Sydney, is now "doing'' the Coast. after cempletiag a eucoResful season "dewn Bosth " and on the West Coast. The Vfo. torian and New Boutb Wale Pmu refer in most anlogistio tortus te Mr Hoaking's an- teinmonte, hie mookeeanoe bring moat enooeaefol, aid many who visited Mrs Melton's " Bpookies '' vowed that Mr Hoi- king's " Geerdle," ' Oisile," and " Jofeeph- ioe,1' were, as it were, even mere realistic iho latter beiog the moat convlnoing ghostoss a sano purion wonld whh to s»o Tho entertainer, to aeo bis own words, cays, " For years I have enqaired into spiritoa1. Ism, and I bava never iae& anything in. oapable of ssientifio explanation." Mr Hoaklng, who is ako an able innstotan is assiated by Mia Aidi Fitz Roy, a olever and gifted vocalist, whom we have already had tba pleaiare of lietening te. fibo givo somo extraordinary memory toats and ex- hlbilB cabinet marvels. The clever little oompany appear at the Ulveretooa Town Hall on Tuesday, and the Penguin on Wednesday. Mr J. B. Qherry, the re. pres&utativu;, was at Devonport on Thar day, and arranged for the company to appear at the Glblln Hall on Friday and I Sattrday. ,'AVier» h:m b4fh eoine ta'k of liite (writoa oar cofreapondi»nt) of the atlvieabilliy of forming a Dog nnd Ponltry Booisly at Ulverstono, and tbnre seems every proha bllity that a show will bo held this year. On'Thureday, at 1.80, Mr J, Collett wl' bold a sale of farm stook at the farm of Mr John M, Smith, Penguin. An in tntumiam servlco en the late Mr W. Blrtokelt will bo held io IhiEast Devon port Wesleyan obnrch to-raorr.w evening. , the . Rev. J. U. Hndloy offloiating. , A . lad DAiued M. Smith, M years of age son of Mr F. W. Binlth, of Fenton etioet. Wo«t DoTonport, met with a v>ry painful aocidoot yeetorday afternoon. He wa- playing with a dynamite cap, and plaoing R on a atump, struck it with a uikk, with the resnlt that It expledod, and blew tho tops 'of three flogora on the right hand clean off. Dr Bmlth was eommoned, end| drotied tbe woands, aad It la probable that tbo fingers will be amputated at tbe firs joints. ; , . . The eighth animal report of the Oitfztne Life Aesaranoe Oompany. Limited, nb-' straflte from whioh' appear in another oolnmn, is an interesting doooment. Daring 1894 some 102,236 polloi-s w«r» Issaed, being 98,713 tndastrlal and 3623 ordinary. , The ' revenue for the year Hmoaoterf te £158,078, being an iooreaBw of £24.633 on the previous year, Tho olaimB paid amounted to £36,934 for tbn year, while aiao the. establishmant of thu company £95,687 has.bseo distributed to claimants. Otbir fignras, wbioh preseot most Jnterosting featnros, go te prve that tbe compaoy ' Is. making rapid and eire progress, and intending as-arerswiil no donbt find is to thtlr advantage to perase tbe report. tibepberd's Ootnio Opera Company -ap peared at tba Giblin Hall on Thursday evenlog to a very small audionoe. A lengthy programme was gone Ihroegh, to the evident satisfaction of those present. On Tharsday, at 12 o'otoek, Mr G, Alkiu- son will offsr the wnole ef tho atook, farm, ing implements, and a quantity of furnitnre at Woodoate, now eoonplud by Mr L, Bartlott. LunohtoQ will bo provided, and liberal terms afftred. The Rev A. A. Minns will hold the fifth eerioi of bis " PlQHant Fanday even ings for tho peopto" at thu Congregation tl Gharob, West Davunport, to-morrow, when be will take for his subjiot, "The divioe oarpeoter ; or, Ghrist in Ue wnrksbop." Tbe Latrobo Homing Booioty flw a ra o from Kxton on Hiursday afternooo for wbioh there is a good field. The winner turned apin Young Baoruit, who performed tbu journoy in good time. Ths day was not a very favorable one for flying. Ba salt Mr 0. Johaeon'd Yoeng Rucrult (64 miu 83-jec), 1 ; Mr It. Smith's Dntey Bel1 (&7mia 3doo),2; Mr 0. Johnson's -Rod Spark (69min 12ioo), 3. Mcssri W. John son's Southern Grots, G, Barton's Opbir aad W. Johnson's Ensign finished in the order named, " Pakeh'' writes:— Entries for tbe raca to be flows from Perth to-day under the aaspioesof the UlvonitoneHomiag Socioty oteied with ths eeoratary on Wednesday evening, when six birds w«re nominated, ropreuoDting four lofts. Tbo firrt te be liberated will ho Devon, a dark chequer odd): byLadua :froin a Nordenfeldt hen, and is owned by Mr G. MoGnlro, bet I do not faooy bis olianoe. The earns owner's Mairis, a bine chequer ben by Martioi- Henri from Orouy, is tbu next, and, if all birds oome by themselves, I shall expect to see her win. Messrs Oolbono Bros' Realm follows, but I do not think1 abe will get a plaoe. Mr J. Fogg's Havoo, by Canning Tom—Ad ventarete, will be the next te faoo (he joarnoy, end, if 1)» traps well, may rqaeize into a plao. Mr F. Oottam's Greasy, a amatt little boa by Ores w ok— Daphne, is next, and will fly well. The last ii Boaebnd, a bine ohiqaar hen, whoio brooding is unknown, bit I do not fancy ahe has bad sufficient training to win. Tko first bird ii to be liberated at 11 a m., and may bo ixpeoted borne About 1 p.m. When It Is all over I think th result will be somathln Hko — Maiuis, 1 ; Qreiny, 2 ; with Havoo, Bosebnd, and Devon fighliog for third place. Tbe Right Rev Dr Moian, Roman Oatbolio Bishop of Dnoedin, died in that oity last weak in tho 72nd year of his age. Dr Moran waa born on 24th May, 1823, in the oounty of Wioklew, Ireland, and was ednoated nt tit Peter Oollage, Wexford, and tbe Boyal Oollege, Meynootb. He was ordalnud priest in 1847, and after sooi yoara spent in pariah work in Ireland was sent te Boilb Africa sb Bishop of Dardenia and Vioar Apostslio of the eastern district" of Gape Coleny, his appointment dating from 1856. In 186.9 he waa transferred te New Zealand aa first bishop ef Donedini where be estibihbod "Ths New Zealand Tablet'' newspaper- In 1883 he csnteited an election against Mr W. M. J. Larnach for a seat in tbe House ef Bepreseatatives, running en the " religions edsoation" ticket, but was defeated by a large ma jority A east involving a deofolon on the Civil Service Aot was heard before tbe Full Court at Sydney the other day. Plaintiff was formerly in ths Government aervios, and wan diemisssd. He bas brought an aotion to reoover compensation for wrong ful diemieaal. Defendant pleaded to tba aotioo that plain Iff wae dismissed becauia be wai incompetent, and bsoanse of miBCondoot. To til plea a demurrer waa filed on tbe ground that the Givil Service Act provided that before a civil servant oenld be dismissed from bis employment bo should bo beard in bis own defence- The Grown In reply pleaded tbe old common law right that a servant of the Crown cenld bs disrolsBed at pleasnre, and tb» demurrer tkerofore resolved itself into ue qseailon of whether tho passing of the Givil Bervioe Aot did not override tbs oemmon law right. Tbe oourt, after hearing argimonte, decided tbst the Act did not extingniKh the common law right, as it spcoifioally provided for an inquiry into (marges of uiiioendnot aguinst civil servants exeept in ourteia speoifio cases. The plea, tberefere, wae bad, and the demirrsr was oonuquintly stuUlnid. Tho inaugnrnl meeting of the Latrobe Literary and Debating Booiety was held in he lodge roim of the Oddfellows' Hall oa Thursday. TUsro was a largo attendance, a good number of ladies bolng present, Among those present wore Mr H. Murray, M.HA, and the Rev w! Hopg. Tho president of the society, Mr J. G. Matthews, occupied the chair, end. oniumoooed tho proceedings hy an .extremely icslruoUva end Meresting addrvss on the alms and objeota ef the Roclety! improsBing on all members tho necessity of taking an active part In tho debates. After a vote oftthanke, proposed by Mr tf array, and seconded by the. Bev W. Hogg, bt-d boon oarried with aooiama- lieu, Mr Wark moved that Mr Merray be rrqnesttd to obtain copies of bills brought before tho House. Mr Biobio seooadid, od Mr Merray premised to forward them as Boon as he oonld obta'n them. An id. jeurnment was then made to one of tba ante-rooms, where a maeical programme was provided. Solos were well rendered by Mrs Benjaflwld, Mr L. Atkbioi (" Qeeen of thn earth"), Rev W. Hogg (" Mona''), Mr J . White (" Tho anchor weighed"), and Mr J. G. Matthews ("Fairy tempter"), Mr 0. Jaokson waa lop i|y applauded for bis reoitations, "Tbe marly, dam of Murlua' and "Tbe sfok itookrMn. » Reoititions w«re also given by Messrs Wells and Boloher. Tbe anaedetes of Mvaeru M. Pbiillps, 0. Belober, and J. White cauead mnob amasemant. Ths diet "Good night," ly Mrs Beojafield and the Rev W. Hogg brought an enjoyable meet. ;V ing to a close. Mis Tbomai and Miu Itoady aoormpanied the musical itema. Burvioes will be bold in tbe varioa ohirohee in ttie distriot to-morrow ae fol low:— Inconnootion with the'Angliotn Chnrcb, at the Oberob ; Baflding, Wait Dovonfort, at 8, 11, and 7.80. In con nection wiih tbe Wealoyan Ghurob, at Bait Devonport, at 11, by Air D. Barratt, at 7, by the Rev J . H. Hartley; at West Devonport, at 11. by the Bev J. H. Hadley, at 7, by Mr D. Barratt ; at Wesley Vale, at 3, by Mr D. Barratt ; and at Thirlstine, at 3, by the Bev J. H. Hadley. Mr H. A, Pratt will bold a clearing ule of furniture and tffsots at Mr A. Hooley's residtiaov, " Fern Vilte," East Devonport, onBatarday. , « A remor having' gained earrenoy that tbe Bev A. A. Mtinns intended resigning his charge of the Independent Ohnreh it Devonport, wa are requested by' the rev gentleman te give tbe statement a denial. An iuif ortant discovery (says a Ocol gardie telegram under Saturdays date) has been made on tbs Nsw Mson Hoes of retf. tiouiu proupeotors having traoed tbs line diatenoi put down u pot brie and est tbe ruof, where it carries splendid gold. Eight chains have Leon taken up, ail con taning rich battery stoat. Borne magnifi- oent specimens of alluvial have been brought la from tho Marqals of Lorot olaim, Siberia. This gold was foond in the basing of a hanging wall six inohes from tbe surface, 30Qoz being taken, iuolidiog one prioo of 3'b weight. The olaim la owned by MoPberson and party,' who have plaoed the reof under rffer for floatation in London. About 60 men are employed in tbe distriot reefing and on alluvial, and all otthein are deiog well. A new find is npsrted near MountBurgess, where Rteliard Graig and parly b&ve; secured 48 aorea, This reef Is abont 2 feet G Inohes ihlok, aad oarrylog gold all through tbo etone. " Tbo Worker," tho offiotal organ ef ths Aailralitta Workers' Unien, publishes lb following announoement, .elgued by A. Ban, preeldont, and W. G. tipetoe, general oeeraiary " The Sydney 'Daily Tele graph,' unrt siversi oosntry newspaper, contain etatemente to tho efftot that lbs A.W.U. executive bae coneented to accept a redaction in tbe shearing rates in tbe Riverine sheds to 18s per 100. This is absolutely false, and witbont foundation, Members are etrengly urged to maiatilo tbe union prko of £1 per 100, In or oat, 1 every portion of New 8outb Wales aa 8outb Auctralie, a ud doable prfoe for rams> Members may engage uader any form of agreement for tbie season only, but on so aoeonnt must they aoeept any redaction In rates '' The Amerioan new woman itlll holds tbe lead agaiaBt all compaUtere (writes " Ontis,1' io tbe Sydney " Telegraph "). Tbe New Zealand variety gave a olsee no when Mrs Y«tea beoams-Mayerand magis trate, bnt the Yankee has gone away to the front again. When the last mail left a yonng lady waa rnnaing for tbe billet of pelioewemao in Colombia as the nominee of tbe female tsmpsranue patty. Their deol&rad; objiot in aupperting ber Is to onis tbo besotted male of hie drunken habits, as it is supposed that be will be ashamed to iotox when he knowe that he makes him self liable te be arrested by a woman. It ie oiear from tbie that the female teetotaller does not kuow her man. He woold rather like being ran in by poiioewomeQ if thoy were yonng and good-Isoking. WUh a freib-faced buxom girl train Tippeiary to offer him b«r arm, Ibe oemmon sort of drunken deadbeat who sooroe tbo ordinary " bobby'1 would maroh away to the lseknp ae proud ae a poaoock. The only thing to trouble bim wonld be tbs fear of motlieg his wife, who would be sura to eay that It wae all a pot-np job, and that tbe police woman was a forward buny wbo ought t be.dtutnmad ont of tbe eervios. On tb| whole, however, I am inclined to think tbit when yunog ladies do tbe rnnnlog in, th nuuibor of drenkards will inorease rather than diminish. Temperanoe ! not golofi te be prompted that way. 