DEATH OF MR. W. LEWIS, J.P. The ranks of the old residents of Kapunda are rapidly thinning. The last few years have witnessed a great decimation by the hand of death of those who took an active part in the rise and prosperity of Kapunda and district. Very few of them are now remaining to experience its, to be hoped temporary, decline. The latest loss is in the person of Mr. William Lewis, J.P., of Allendale, whose name has been for con- siderably over a quarter of a century almost a household word, whose patriarchal per- sonage has been welcomed to the homes of rich and poor alike, and whose ready and wise advice on questions, whether of a private character or what not, has always been sought and accepted with the utmost confidence. He was a friend to all—the enemy of none. When on Good Friday the news was circulated that he had passed peacefully away at an early hour that morning there was a general feeling of regret that tbe town had been bereft of a good man. Though for some months he had been in a very delicate state of health, and at times his end seemed only a ques- tion of a few hours, yet his wonderful vitality was more than equal for the struggle with his bodily weakness; but the tension at last relaxed and the end came suddenly. His seventy and seven years of life had been a consistent record of use fulness; his integrity had been of the highest character; his dealings in all things and with all men unimpeachable, which with his unvarying methodical manner and unerring promptitude, his undeviating urbanity, and his unflagging interest in all that he undertook, gained for him a reputation which remained unsullied to his dying day, and his death has created never-failing memories and unerasable respect. The record of forty-two years' sojourn in the colony, thirty-eight of which bad been passed in Kapunda, will be gathered from the following particulars:— Mr. Lewis's father was the Rev. Walter Lewis, of Tredegar (one of the best Hebrew scholars of his day). He was born at Tredegar on April 23, 1818. He was the only surviving son, and was intended for the ministry, but his father dying when the son was only fourteen, he had to begin early to earn his own living. He was married at the age of 21 years to Elizabeth Hughes, who was his faithful helpmeet and a loving mother to his children for 43 years. She died on October 27, 1881. Mr. Lewis was with his brother-in-law, Mr. David Hughes, for some years as lawyer's clerk. Subsequently he had a stationer's business in London for a time, and also acted as bailiff to his cousin, Mr. Sep. Lewis, in Wales. He arrived in the colony on May 14, 1853, in the ship Iris. His first engagement was with Messrs. Hart & Co., Adelaide, and he had also a store in Sydenham road, Norwood. In 1857 he came to Kapunda as manager for Mr. Smedley, who was carrying on business in the shop at the corner of Main and Hill-streets (now occupied by Mrs. Richter), which he purchased shortly afterwards. For several years trade flourished, and Mr. Lewis relinquished business, having dis- posed of it to Mr. Andrew Thomson, and took up his residence at Allendale, where he remained until his death. He took a great interest in questions of a public character. His first important public appearance was 1865, when he was chosen as one of the first councillors on the forma- tion of the Kapunda Municipal Council. With Mr. James Pearce he represented West Ward. He retired on December 5, 1866, and never resought municipal honors, although on several times he was pressed to do so. He was a member of the Mid- land road Board until the abolition of those bodies. He represented Light in the House of Assembly in the years 1868, 1869, and 1870, his colleague being the late Captain John Hart. In 1888 he again aspired for Parliamentary distinction in Legislative Council as the representative of the North-Eastern District, but was unsuccessful, being some 600 votes behind the second candidate (Sir Henry Ayers). He was an ardent supporter of the Kapunda and Light Agricultural Society, being its treasurer from its inception, until about twelve months ago, when he retired. The institute, hospital, and other public institutions participated in his active service. For thirteen and a half years he was chairman of the Kapunda School Board of Advice, having to resign in November last owing to failing health. He was appointed chairman in 1881, as successor to Mr. D. Nock, J.P. He was a justice of the peace for very many years, and discharged the duties of that position with impar- tiality, due leniency, and unostentatiously. He was appointed registrar of births, deaths, and marriages for this district on the death of Mr. W. O'Hara, but a few months ago his increasing infirmities com- pelled him to relinquish it. For years he has been the local agent for the Australian Mutual Provident Life Assurance Society and the South Australian Fire Insurance Company. He was an auditor for the Kapunda Corporation for six years, resign- ing in December. 1894, for the same cause which necessitated his retirement from many other duties. At the time of his death he was an auditor for the Kapunda Hospital. In church and religious matters generally he took a keen interest. He was one of the foundation mem- bers of the Kapunda Congregational Church, and his death has removed one of the only two remaining. He was in active service to the last in con- nection with the church, being senior deacon and treasurer, offices which he held unbrokenly for thirty-seven years. He was superintendent of the Sunday- school for many years, his successor being the late Mr. R. Cameron. He was president of the local branch of the British and Foreign Bible Society for years. The foregoing is the record of the more prominent parts which Mr. Lewis took in matters affecting the welfare of the town and district, but it does not exhaust the list. His life was indeed a useful and honorable one. An all-wise Providence gave to him more than the allotted titue in which to continue his good works, and to the last he fulfilled he obligations as best his strength would allow. He leaves a family of one son (Mr. William W. Lewis, of Baroota) and six daughters (two having died, one, in 1863 and another. Mrs. Church, in 1872). viz., Mrs. John Stacy, of Adelaide; Mrs. Geyer, widow of the late Dr. Geyer, of Moonta; Mrs. August Geyer, of Wilcannia; Mrs. John Church, of Fremantle, W.A.; Miss Helen Lewis, and Mrs. A. G. Fry. There are twenty-five surviving grandchildren. The funeral took place on Sunday after- noon, the body being conveyed from the deceased's late residence at Allendale to the Congregational Church, at Kapunda. On leaving the house the cortege consisted of about twelve vehicles, but it gained in length as Kapuuda was approached, and on reaching the church there were about forty. The corpse was carried into the church and placed before the pulpit. The pulpit and the reading-desk, from which the deceased had so often read the scriptures during the long years he was connected with the church, were draped in black, relieved with evergreens and immortelles. The strains of the " Dead March" sounded through the building as a large congrega- tion took their seats. The service was conducted by the Rev. A. G. Fry, assisted by the Rev. E. C. Yeoman. A hymn having been sung, and prayer having been offered by Mr. Yeoman, Mr. Fry read the first portion of the burial service. At the conclusion of the service the Rev. R. C. Yeoman (Bible Christian minister) said they had met on that solemn occasion in the presence of all that was mortal of their departed townsman and friend. He emphasised the word friend, because he had truly been a friend to many in his earthly life, and on that Great Day God would declare as to his acts of friend- ship and his acts of love. It was reasonable and rational that they, as mortals, should sorrow, but this sorrow was not of the kind that was not without hope, nor behind the cloud of sorrow, very deep, very thick, and very dark as it was, there was the glorious background of the Divine, for the righteous had hope in death. It was about seventeen years since he first had the honor of the acquaintance of their departed friend. The profound impression made on his mind at that time had deepened as time went on, until that acquaintance, which had only been slight, was renewed about twelve months ago when he came to the town and received a cordial and hearty welcome from their friend. He felt then that he was in the presence of the noblest work of God— a noble man—a man with Christlike sym- pathies. They could say,' " Let me die the death of the righteous and my last days be like his." Only a few days before his death he was in conversation with their departed friend, who spoke of his weakness and of his approaching speedy departure. He said, " I need no more warning. I know well my time is only very short. Everything is done that I can do with reference to this world, and everything has been done long ago with reference to the responsibilities of a Christian. I am ready, only waiting for the time." The time had come; he had been called to the higher and better world. May it be said of them, as of their dear brother, from the lips of old and young, rich and poor, godly and ungodly, that their works were good. May it be said of them all that he " gave up the ghost, and died, and was gathered unto his people, being old and full of days." Prayer and the benedic- tion closed the service, and the corpse was returned to the hearse for conveyance to its last resting-place at Clare-road Cemetery. The cortege had by this time increased to over fifty vehicles, and a large number of persons walked to the cemetery. The scholars and teachers of the Congrega- tional Sunday-school walked in front of the procession. At the graveside there must have been between four and five hundred persons. His Worship the Mayor (Mr. W. Thomas, J.P.) and the town council, besides representatives of the Kapunda District Council and Kapnnda Agricultural Society, were among those present. The remainder of the funeral rites were con- ducted by Mr. Fry, assisted by Mr. Yeoman. 