. MONDAY'S SITTING. The annual assembly of the Primitive Methodist Connexion continued its sittings an Monday. Four additional delegates were present. The business of examining reports from the stations was proceeded with. A considerable discussion took place npon tne discontinuance of services in ontlyiiig dis tricts by one of the circuits, En consequence of the difficulties of supplying tliem, and the meagre financial support received. The feel ing of the Assembly was that the spirit and gfnins of Primitive Methodism is to use every means to reach the scattered popula tions with the Gospel, and a resolution waB carried, on the motion of the Eev. J. Buckle, regretting that these services had been dis A letter was received from the Brisbane Ministers' Union conveying fraternal greet ings to the Assembly.— It was ordered that it be acknowledged and a record made of it. Tbe question of 'station decreases' was then considered and the reasons assigned therefor carefully scrutinized. Most of the decreases were accounted for by removals. Nine of the stations report decreases amount ing in the aggregate to sixty -one members. The next business was the consideration of the Committees' reports. The District Com mittee's report was received and adopted. The Probationers' Examining Committee's report showed that three probationers, in tfaeirfonrthyear— namely, Messrs. W.Sbenton, J. E. Everitt, and M. Webster had gained the necessary number of marks in their exsmina tion, and as they had acquitted themselves creditably during their probation, they were recommended for reception into the fall Ministry. Applications for some relief in the matter of supporting ministers -were made by Bris bane IFL, Ipswich, Rockhampton L, and RedUnd Bay stations. In regard to rhe application from Brisbane t * i it was decided 'That this meeting cannot see its way to accede to the request of the circuit in relieving them of a married preacher, but pledges itself to do the best it can for them in the station ing. ' The application from Ipswich for relief from a second man, and also that of Rock, hampton L with a similar request, were deferred to a later stage of the meeting. The application of Redland Bay to leave the station without a minister was not acceded to. The application of Brisbane L circuit for the reappointinent of the Rev. J. A. Taylor for more than a third year was granted, and a similar application from Ipswich was also acceded to. A request from the Brisbane IV. station for the reappoiotment of the Rev. J. Addison, who has not been absent for the re quired term of years, was not granted. Applications from East Brisbane and Macfcay stations for the reappointment of the Rev. P. Aston and the Rev. L Weir respectively for more than a third year were granted. The name of the Veresdale station was, at tbe request of the station, altered to Logan and Albert. The first reading of the stations was then proceeded with, and resulted in the following appointments of the ministers : — Brisbane District Circuits : — Brisbane L, J. A. Taylor, J. Buckle (sup.) ; Brisbane IL, L Castlehow: Brisbane 111., M. Foggon; Brisbane IV., J. Williams; Ipswich, W. Smith ; Bondaberg, \V. Powell : Gympie, S. Larkin ; Fassifem, A. Harding ; Laidley, E. T. LJoyd ; Howard, C. Wesley and J. Moorbonse ; Crow's Jfcst, J. Currih. Missions :— Maryborough, M. Webster ; Tnowoomba, A. H. Stokoe ; Cabooltnre, W. Little; Logan and Albert, T. Thatcher; Eidsvold, J. E. Everitt ; Tiaro, W. Shenton ; Redland Bay, J. Addison ; East Brisbane, P. Aston, Rockhampton District Circuits :— Rock- hampton I. , W. Faulkner; Rockhampton IL, A. E. Fox : Charters Towers, T. R. Lawley ; Cooktown, J. Adamson ; Hcrberton, R. Kewell ; Mackay, I. Weir ; Mount Morgan, J. Prowse ; Barcaldine, T. Powell ; Long reach, W. H. Greenwood. Missions :— Cairns, T. Koet ; Emerald, J. Foster ; Croydon, R. T. Snaith. In the evening an ordination service was held in the Fitzroy-street Church, at which a large congregation assembled to witness the reception of three voung men into the Ministry. The Rev. 1'. Aston presided, and in introducing the candidates spoke of his pleasure in being able to bear testimony to the value of their work during their term of probation, which had extended over a period of four years. He then called in succession upon Messrs. VT. Sbenton, J. E. Everitt, and 11\. Webster, each of whom responded by relating their Christian experience and call to the Ministry. The Kev. M. Foggon gave the charge to the candidates, in which he counselled them to remember their high calling and the importance of their work. They were to guard their flock, tending and caring for the people like a, true shepherd ; to feed them, which sometimes they might have to do with unpalatable truths. They should remember they were not men pleasers. They were also to care for themselves, to discipline the heart, prepare the brain, train themselves in Christian virtues, and guard again6t oiany dangers which be indicated as peculiar to the Ministry. They must look to the Holy Ghost for fitness for their work ; if they had l«en called by Him they were truly in the apos tolic succession, and would be divinely quali fied. The Rev. W. Faulkner offered the the ordination prayer, after which Mr. Aston welcomed the three candidates into tbe Ministry in the name of the Primitive Methodist Church, A number of similar way. Afterwards the Rev. J. A. Taylor delivered the charge to the church, in which he counselled the laity as to their duties in relation to the ministers in their work, to sympathise with them, support them by their presence, co-operate with them in their efforts, pray for them, and help to fill the chnrch by invitation to others. He warned them against judging a minister's work by the results of sensationalism, they must remember that spiritual work was not | to be tabulated. A very interesting meeting i was brought to a close shortly before ten o'clock. 