THE CRIME OF CaZMES. A PARABLE, An angel was sent from heaven one day to see how the people of the earth were faring in the land that a munificent God bhad given them. He alighted on the brow of a bill in the early more, and as the mist curled up from the valleys he saw beneath him fislde yellow with golden harvest, and afar cff the roofs of a great city. And as the sun rose and the night departed all nature awoke with joyous sonads. The lark flew quivering with happiness to the skies, to sing, as near as might be to the gales of heaven, her song of thankfulness, while beneath her fellow songsters raves ted the notes of her malim song. The oxen in the meadows lowed contentedly to one another, and their warm breath rose like clouds of itcense from the earth shrine of the God of Day. These sights and sounds of earthly happiness so filled the angels heart with gratitude that he knelt and adored the benefident Diety who had crerted this joyous world. And when his odoraticno were over he began to descend the hill, but of a sudden Stopped. for across the plaits and valleys there came a murmuring sound from where the people of the city were awakening from their sleep. The angel listened for awhile, and then said softly : "1 know not what tray be, but 'tis as the cry that rises when those who are doomel to everlasting death ne the gate of Paradise close and abandon Hope for are." So epeaking he descended to the plain, and passed along a pathway through the fruitful meadowr. He had not gone far when there came out from a hovel close by the roadside, a toil-worn man, with stooping form and furrowed face atd dcep-seot despairing eyes. And tl'e angel, speaking to himself, said: " My God has sent me to find how it fares with man, whom He hbath mad, in His own image, but surely this cannot be such a one." Therefore he said to the man, " What art thou '" and he r, p'ied, " I am a slave." Then said the angel, " Where are thy gyves and eh'ckles ?' and the man said, "1 reed them not, for there is no plaoe whereanto I could flee, except I take refuge in death." And the angel said, 'Wherefcre art thou a slave, and unto whom F" and the mmn replied, "1 am a slave to the lords of the land. beet uae they own this eartb, without the fruits whereof no man con live." And the angel said, " Have certain men denied their fellows a share in the fruitful csoil, the universal g;fc of God ?" "Ay," said the man, "'tie even so." " And on what conditions do they allow you to toil in the fields P" asked the angel. " On c:ndition that we render to them all the grain we grow, but the hunks we may keep for ourselves, and thereon life can just b~ sustained." "And have they many slaves ?" said the heavenly viitant. " Ay," said the toiler, "all men must render tribute to them, or else die; and so it has happened to many who have had nothing to give." "And what do the lords do with the tribute of their slaves ?" said the angeL "They and their favour ites consume it, they who live in the great city and never toil, who need not rise with the first light of dawn or sink with weari ness when the shadows fall." Then the angel aEnid farewell to the haples- toiler, and went sorrowfully on his way. And all day long he passed through the fruitlul fields, and saw the men and women toil ing for the husks of the grain, while the fat oxen lay contentdly in the shade. And long after nightfall he came to the great city, and entered the silent e'reets thereof. Not far had he gona, when, from the shadow of a wall, there sprang a man upon him, who hoarsely said, "Give me money. or else die. "'~Gentlr, brother," said toe angel, "I have nothing to give, nor is it right you should use me so." I starve," said the thief with a low moan, and Banished like a ghost. Near this soot, across the pavement, there flowed a stream (f blood where a murdered man was lying on his back staring horribly at toe silent stare. So the angel passed sa if ly on, hut at a etrcet cornar a young g'rl, with wilt, reckless eyes, saolped him, and said, " Do with me waet you will, but give me money, for I starve." But the angel saying, " Sister, forbear," paostd on again tilt he heard from the darkness a l)w faint cry, and steop:ng down saw, lying on a doorstep, a dead woman with shrunken bheoks, who still presseod with rigid arms a babe upon her breast. The angel took the young child in his arm?, and even as he did so it straightened out its litt'e limbs and died. Then the angel c'osed the eyes of the poor mother, and carrying the dead infant, went quickly on to where shouts of revelry could be heard -to the palace of one cf the lcrds of the land. The golden gates were guarded, but be passed quickly through unseen, and entered the marble palace and the mighty banquet-hall. From end to end toe tables were thronged with perfumed revellers. while high on a dais above them a'l lay the lord of the land listening to 1-acivious music and applauding the danc. 1' g of a wanton. And unseen the angel went to his side and laid in his lap the body of the child, and wrote upon the wall in letters of flame, "This child whom thou hbet murdered shall proncuuce thy everl·eting doom apon the judgment day." The angel then aEoerided to heaven, and aid : "Thy earth, O God, is peopled by miserable slavs, over whom there reigns certrin men called lords of the land, who have eaten up the fruits of their toil and robbed them of all Thy gift, except the huoks of the grain whereon tsey live. The basrts of the field and the birds of the air rejoice, but the lor o' man, because of this thing, is one of misery." Then the Creator of the universe called the recording angel to His side, and said. " B!o out from the judgment bcok all rec?rd of the sinse of men, andplace therein alone the names of thcsa who have robbed My perple of the earth I gave, for from thils canuse hath eprumng al sin, and noae but they shall bear the pena!ty."-The Beacon. 