Select Poetry. SEPTEMBEK IS AOSTRALtA. Grey winter hath gone like a wearisome guest, And, behold, lor repayment, September comes in with the wind of the west. And the spring in her raiment I The ways of the frost have been filled of the flowers, WViilo tliefnrnst diuv- ivprfi WUd wings, with the halo of hyaline hours, i And the music of lovers. \ September, the maid with the swift, stiver feet, Sbe glides, and she grace/) The valleys of coolness, the dopes of the heat, With her blossorny traces. Sweet month, with a mouth that is made of a rose, i She lightens and lingers Zd spots where the harp of the evening glows, Attuned by her fingers. The stream from its home in the hollow hill slips In a darling old fashion *, And the day goeth down with a song on its lips Whose key-note is passion, ffac out in the fierte, bitter front of the sea I stand, and remember Dead things that were brothers and sistere of thee, Resplendent September. The west, when it blow* at tbe fall of the noon, And beats on the beaches, Is filled with a tender and tremulous tune That touches and teaches; Thft stnries of Tooth, of the burden of Time. And the death of devotion, Come back with the wind, and are themes of the rhyme In the waves of the ocean. We- having a secret to others unknown lit the cool mountain mosses, May whisper togethor, September alone, Of our loves uud our losses. One word for her beauty, and one for the grace She gave to the hours ; And then we may kiss her, anil sutfer her face To sleep with the flowers. High places that know of the gold and the white On the forehead of fnorning, Now darken and quake, and the steps of the Night Are heavy with warning! Her voice in the distance is lofty and loud. Through its echoing gorges ; ! She hath hidden her eyes in a mantle of cloud, And her feet in the surges 1 j On the top of the hills, on the turrcted cones — Chief temples of thunder— ; The gale, like a ghost in tbe middle watch moans, Gliding over and under. Tbe sea, flying white thi-ough the rack and the ? nun, ij' Leapeth wild to the forelands ; V And the plover, whose cry is like passion with r pain, f . Complains in the moorlands. Oh, season of changes, of shadow and shine, September the splendid ( j : ' My song hath no music to mingle with thine, . And its burden is ended ; ^ . But thou, being born of the winds aud the &V;'.. ' §£;: By mdQttain^ by river, Pi), j May lighten and listen, and loiter and run, gfe ,,v With thy voices lor ever. — Hehry Krsdaix. 