i Euroa Fruit;rrowers' As sociaition. y The spring show of the Euroa Vine and Fruitgrowers' Association was held in the ss Public Hall on Wednesday last. As a is representation of what the district can do ig in the way of floriculture, it cannot be r re,,arded as a success. The exhibits were 1h very small in numbers, and in many cs instances the quality left a good deal to re be desired. This is largely attributable to the abnormally dry season we have experienced, the bulk of the roses and it other blooms having reached perfection cr about three weeks earlier than usual. an But, after making due allowance for climatic disadvantages, it is evident that is many growers, who might have shown, I were not attracted. Some months ago a cO change was made in the tmode of manage re Inent ot the society, the administration l's being relegated to a small committee in place of the whole of the members. It Swas thought that this course might to possibly obviate certain disadvantages surrounding the larger committee, and to snmooth away points of friction between sections of the members. Judged by e results, the new departure has not com ie tmanded the measure of support antici iP pated. This, we believe, is largely due to the apparent determination of the of connmittee to keep the fact of a show as being held as a close secret. On 6th n September- two months ago--a single advertisement appeared, since which time no official notification was made. Many in of the townspeople were unaware of the te fixture, as most of them would have been st were it not for paragraphs which have ir been given in our news c lumnns. The promenade concert in the evening was only at moderately attended, atnd the show will r, result in a loss to the Society. Mr Paton, b florist, of Melbourne, who was to have is judged the flowers, found that his busi ne snes enigagelenits prevented his attend to ance, but lie provided a substitute in the to person of his foreman, whose awards gave Sr every satisfaction. Mr. W. Neelands r- acted as judge of bread, vegetables, etc. The principal exhibitors in flowers were f_ Messrs. E. O. Charley, II. W. Potts, and is Mrs. White. Mr. OChaffey was the prin cipal prizetaker, with cleven first prizes, le his exhibits csmprisitng some very meri e torious specimens of new and rare flowers t. and plants. Mr. Potts secured the honors itn six sections, and Mrs. Chaffey in three. Mrs. White took first honors for a design, representing the ingathering of Sthe harvest. Mrs. Birkett was successful in cut flowers. MIrs. Sutherland and Mr. S.. Gall, junr, were also awarded prizes. In the "made-up" sections, the display was not large but good. Mrs. Slee won with four arranged specimne glasses; E. d . Chaffey, basket of flowers; Mirs. Chalfey, cross, three dress sprays atd d wreath ; Mrs. Robistnn, bridal bouquet; Mis Demtpster, button holes; Mrs. SRobinson, bouquet native flowers. Miss S. King was given first prize for jams. In class D, Fruit and Vegetables, Mr. John SO'Brietn, of Wangaratta, showed some magnificent oranges and letmons. Messrs. 11 Artridgo, Gillhana, MConachie, M. \- Garrett, junr., took prizes, and Al Ching e and Alt \ait cotmteted through all the vegettable sections. C,nsidlraible ilterest e was displayed in the '"miscllanaouss Sclass. Mrs. C. Vorlamdl was given first Shonors for four pounds home-made bread and two pounds cake, with second for scones, Miss Sage taking first for the latter. Tile award for scoues was remark able as slhowing the different standards adopted by judges. An exhibit almnost precisely similar in ditmensions and ap pearanceu to the successful ottoe at the recent tagricultural llow was unplaced, the prize Ib:ing "irven (and rightly so in our opinion) to a stmall, lightly-cooked scone. A cllection from the Dookie Agricultural College attracted much at tention. The collection, besides shllowing the great progress which is being made at thde college, furmed one of tim fe:itures of the sh(ow, tland was a centre of interest the greater part if the day. It consisted of dried fruits of all kinds, Egyptian and Jerusalem corn fodder, olive oils. flax, winos, brandy made from Gordo-Blanco grapes, and Japanese silk antd silkon ettes. The Cihurch of England organ-workera put in a. claim for support in the shape of a nicely-appoilted refreshment stall where ice-eroe:ls antd the luscious strawberry combined to tempt the appotite. The ladies were fairly satisified with the result. A long time ago the wedding ring was worn ni:t the forefiunger and swas thickly studded with p:ecious stones; but with Cliristianity came the wearing on the third finger rather than on the first. Its use originated in this way : The priest first pot it on the thultmb, sayilng, "Ii the name of toe Father; on the forefinger, adding, "'In the itntae of the Son ;" ont the second linger, rep.eating, "In the name of the Holy Ghost," and on the third finger ending with "Amen," and: there it stayed, a badge, of true love in Christ... .. . - 