A WEIRD BEDFELLOW. This happened twenty years ago. I had been married in New England, and came to Mel bourne with my husband ; he had some friends who kept a temperance hotel, doing a good business at that time, Where we went to Btay. l naa a very nice room, one oi ine oesc m the houso. The first two nights I slept in the room all went well. Whether I was tired out sight-seeing or what I do not know, but I slept very soundly. The third day my husband got word he must join his ship again. When i went to bed I lay awake thinking, and I did not like to tell my husband that I felt miserably depressed. I thought it would only make him unhappy, bo he was sleeping peacefully by my side, and 1 thinking how miserable I would feel. The door was closed and the blind down, but with the gas lamp shining through tho blind I could distinctly see objects in the room. All at once I could feel the form of a man in pyjamas lying by my Bide— on tho counterpane. My bed was close to the wall; I could feel the cold form lying heavy and, oh ! bo cold. I shall never forget the Bensation I felt jusfc then. I tried to speak or move or sing out to wake my husband lying at my side ; I tried to pray, no sound coming from my lips ; but it was a silent prayer for protection, aud gently tho cold, form silently glided heavily, almost like a great weight, off tho bed between the bed and the wall. . It was some time before I could realise it Was gone. Next day my husband went to sea for o month. His trip was from Melbourne to Auckland aud back, but I did not tell him of my hideous experience of the night. I always felt a ohill go through me when I went into the room. I used to close my eyea going onto the room, and Used to light my candle with my eyes shut, and cover my bead tiil my candle burned out, or, moro properly speaking, till daylight. I began to look ill and . feel worse. The people in the houBe began to tease me abont my appearance. One day 1 went to the kitchen for some hot water, and the girls began talking and asking me how I was getting on in the room. I eaid : 'What is the matter with it? It is Tory comfortable.' . They then told me tbat was the room a man died in the horrors in. It appeared that he was a lucky digger, and he married a widow with two daughters. Ho made a will in favor of the wife and children, left them every penny of his fortune, and in return for hi&, kindness she supplied him with brandy by the ease. He died in a short time, and to this day I almost feel at times I was in company with a ghost for over a month, for by the time my husband's boat came back I had taken a cot tage on Sanbridge-road, but I never liked to live in Melbourne again. The strangest part is that one day, while at sea, my husband said to his mate, who was best man at our wedding, 'they are bound to tell Mrs. ? about Mr. B ? dying in the very room ahe happened to have at the hotel.' — E.M. 