That the butter industry, which has :held the foremost position in this die. trict for very many years is at the lowest ebb short of absolute collapse, is baidg painfully realised by every dairy, man and allbusiness people goes with. out saying, and an' inquiry into the. causes of this depression together with a consideration of certain proposed remedies may 36t only be interesting bu'iit ueful. First among these causes may be reckonc ? excdssivo production, which may idi.pjrt be attributed to an "unusually fav9urablo season in all the colonies. This of. itself would have caused but little alarm 'because of its temporary character, had it not been accompanied. by., cause second-an unnatural or forceod expansion" of the industry, many people having for some reason or other been persuaded to give up thq production of wool and mutton, iid utilising thousands of acres bf land at amnere nominal rent for the produe. tion of butter. This makes exportation an absolute necessity and to a, larg extent 'ilces in the colony are governed by those of amarket 10,000 miles away, with a handicap added of something like "twopence aIlfpeonnj~ a- pound for refrigeration' and export expenses, Another cause for the un 4ted de. pression is to be found in the failure of the pro rata system and the collapse of the export association, The .levy of a halfpenny a pound on the whole output of the colony would have paid the 'expeort costs on all necessary shipments and loft the remainder of the handicap twopence a pound to help rates for: "colonial consumption, which 'would have made the two markets equal and been an all-roudnd benefit to the producers without being oppreossive to "the consumers; Equitable and necessary as the pro rata sys em undoubtedly wasi. `:many producers reftosed to contributoeto `the fund, proforrin, in the wantonness of cupidity to reap an advantage at the expense of 'their., follow producers, 8omo of the agents- so far encouraged Ohio spirit ot avarsoiiou Inequality that h $ta?tloy Qoea0ntoQ4 thioy i44 a. proclaiim their willingness to conduct the business of those who refused; the immediate result being that those agents and companies who remained loyal to the pro rata principle wore handicapped; the fund fell below requirements, and the association gave up the ghost. Since then exportation has taken place and except in the case of the co-operative companies nobody knows how. With the same exceptions the producers have lost control of it, and they know to their cost thatbest creamery butter has since fallen from tenpenco to fivepence a pound, which means a loss to the country at the rate of £500,000 a year, and the anti pro rata dairymen in the first degree, with the agents who winked at their disloyalty in the second degree, are alone responsible for the collapse; .and if they alone suffered, the general verdict would be, "serve )hem right," but unfortunately te1~ innocent suffer with the guilty. .e do not meatr to say that if the export association ha' continued in existense, and the prol ducere generally had been loyal to the~ own interests and the pro rata levy, that butter during the exigencies of the present season would have remained at tonpence a pound. Neither do we mean to say the inauguration of'thle' export association was not the best thing to be done under the ciroum stances; but we have. no hesitation in saying. that at best it was but a hybrid one.sided institution: in which the agehts had the balance of power, and if every one of the sellers had been true to the principles of their program or Articles of Association and abso lutely refused to do the business of any producer who withheld his.allegiance to the pro rata principle the association would now be in active operation, doing good work for the butter industry. We now come to the proposed remedies for this lamentable state of things, and as its consideration will naturally involve it comparison with others we propose to take the last first, which is a scheme for the regulation of the Colonial butter ms'rket and for the eoportation of that ommodity, as proposed by the Rosebud Creamery Export Committoe, and ex pounded by Messrs. H. W. Lee andW, L,. Boyce, of Newcastle, at nearly every dairy factory along the South Coast. Two meetings, one at Shellharbour and the other at Jamberoo have been reported at length in the local press; we were also present at the mooting held at .the Piomer, factory, and we must say in all fairness that the mission o: these. gentlemen was undertaken arid carried out altogether and without doubt in 9i1i interests, of the dairy farmers, It-vwas not pretended, though the scheme had worked well for two years at Newcastle, that it was perfect in all its details, and the primary object of the mission was to induce every factory to send a delegate.to a meeting or meetibigs soon to beold in Sydney, wherse sea e coul ~be thoroughly discussec mproved, a flnnlly adopted, The first itttn in the so a is, that all factories wi'in reasonable distance of the railway r water carriage be reo quested to send their cream to'Sydney * or manufacture into butter, andthat a uniform price be paid to ;o?nors of creameries fo'r churning, ohihing, pack, ing, etc. This item is so seolf.evidsetly noecessary that we pass on;,to the. .ekt in natural seluenco,e " Soven trustees to be appointed, one from each dairying district, and who, khown am th :Ddriry Farmers' Assoioaio,,, or any?ther seuiable name, shall take charge of all butter manufactured,' shall supply all agents and companies with butter at market' rates, less five per cent, to cover 'om-. mission and risk, and also conduct the exportation of surpluses." The words in italics are an addition of our own, and advisedly to make the intontloni olear, and at first sight it would appear that neither eagonts nq co-opoerative companlies werintendd do business I direct'hjitia ti. Bu' dott ongq.sst i Mnd thaboaughhis:iB in' tended tbpply to .irrosponsll? private agents,',yo ,, if the co-operatvo co6m. pinies anhmilt ted and became one,. and the trustees' or directors-were electdd by the producers of seven ior more.,milk centroes, then that compariy would to all intents and purposes becom. the Dairy ~liarders' Assoointion of the soheme, though called by any other name, This view of the case gives a feasibility and..grandour to the aosheme which if it arrest the attentioin. and tale.)ast hold of the judgment of The prud.fhtrs will are long be an 4cooms. plished fact, • The only'two remaining. items of the schemo ar6 a pro rata levy to equalisoe values botwoon the London ' and local markets, and the appointmosnt of a' Government grader,\ who shall reocogniso nothing but o'oice and cohoicest or fiant end ,,seocond grades, all inforlor qu htel s Ito be at once sold .by auction.' In regard a the levy, that mistalwayse be a con. dition of equitable exportmition, and though some may object to thoslightest interference 'by the Govornmont, but it. might find u?s competent grader withl as m?aoh cenIotonoy' as it inorease? thi . -, ' ....J+ , : . i 