WESLEY CHURCH. Last Sunday night the Rev. A. C. Plane delivered an address to foot ballers and cricketers. The Wesley Church was crowded from platform to door. The athletes attended in large numbers. The text of the ad dress was — ' Glorify God in your body. ' Mr, Plane said there were two ways by which we could glorify God in our bodies ; one was by ab staining from all those sins and vices which bring upon the body disease and premature death, and the other was by doing all that we could to de velop our bodies and make them strong and robnst. The body was a ' Temple for the Holy Ghost ' -, hence its importance. Recreation was a desirable thing, but we must be care ful that it was of the right kind, and taken in the right way. There were two extrames we must guard against ; first, not taking any exercise, and, second, taking too much, We must avoid both extremes, and endeavor to strike the ??happy .medium. He wished to indicate to them a few ways in which -. they could cany out the text on the .cricket and football field. First,' by exercising ' self oontrol,' and ruling well their own spirit. There were many times in sport when a man had need to- con trol himself and rule his spirit. Se veral illustrations were given of this A man who could ' not control him self had better-- not . play football. By exercising self-coiitrol'in all their sport, they would raise the tone of their games, elevate'! their owe char acters and gloiif.y-'p-od. In tlie next place, they could} glorify God by being thoroughly?iiuselfish. Selfish ness was a trait'-'in'the'echaracter of any man that was.- detestable, and a selfish athlete was abhorred by all, Theie were many occasions both in football and cricket when the players required to be unselfish! In the next place it was asserted ? theie were certain evils associated with football and cricket, and every true man ought to do his part to eradicate these evils. Rough play was referred to, and Mr. 'Plane thought the- way to abolish. --ihat was to be manly and play for-thc ball, not the man. The evils^of 'profanity' and 'betting' ' -were dealt with afc length, and scathingly deprecated, and he called upon- them one and all to work unitedly and energetically in eradicating these evils, and to make their sport so- pure and noble, and manly, that all might go to witness, and take with them a sister or a wife -without the fear of their delicacy or their mod esty being shocked. He repeated that recreation was desirable.v .v.Wo* did not. want the young men to grow up weak and effeminate, but robust and manly. It was his determina tion to preach from that platform a manly Christianity, and, by God's grace, to live it. There was nothing unmanly in being a true Christian. Jesus Christ was a man, a good man, a perfect man. He urged them to make Him their ideal, and strive to reachi.it.- He appealed to them to be ' good men and true, and live fort-he Heaven that shone above them and the good they all might do.' The address lasted thirty minutes and was listened to with close atten tion and marked appreciation. 