UNDER A CLOUD. ohatti5h ii. Adelaide Houso whs at Pongo. It . stood back from tbo high road, and was approaoliod by n short (very short) 'oarnago drivo, which, although tho Wyndlmms Icopt no carrmgo, was yot tho prido of thoir lioarts. Graco AVvndham. nee Durant. was oxtromoly wall satisflod with Iiorsolf and hor position. Sho had brought up two stopdnughtors anil a good-sizad family of hor own with groat succobs. \- Tho first had marriod narly ; of tho latter, tlio four oldost sons woro ,launohod in lifo and doing woll ; tho two next woro nt Bcliool. Thorn ro- mainod at homo lour girls, nil undor fiftoon, for whom Mrs. Wyndhnin had a govornoss, " a youug connoction of our own, to whom wo o floral n homo,'1 was hor way of putting it, though hor dear frionds vonturod to nsBort n wluto slave wns not moro hardly trontod than Mrs. Wyndhnm's " young oon- noxion," and tlint Adolnido Houso was most un-horaohko to Alico Mol- ville. Sho sat 0110 bittorly cold Eobrnnry morning 111 tho firoloss broakfust- room listomng to tho practising of hor youugost cousin, and longing that tho postmnn, wlioso stop wns coinimr up tho drivo, might bring hor, almost, tho only ploasuro loft to hor, a lottor .'from hor siBtor. Poor AI100 ! Just fiftoon months bo foro sho had lost homo anil parents nt . ono foil blow. Tho Itov. Goorgo Mol- villo, hko many another man of mod-- ornto monnB, had mndo no provision' for his family. Whan tho doctor's bill and funornl oxponsos woro paid, " . tbero rommnod for tho fivo oliildron ouly tho small sum of monoy to be raised by tlio snlo of tlio furmtui'o and —tbo charity of thoir rolations. Poor young things! Alico, tho oldost, was solootod by Mrs. Wyndhnm bo- oauoo sbo was tbo only ono nblo to .work out hor koop. Tlio lioxt girl wns sont to Whitolndios to shnro tho instruction of tho young Durauts. A fnond of tlio vionr's took tho oldost boy, and tho two littlo onos, thoir mothor's darlings, woro com- mittod to tho cold kindnoss of an or phan asylum. It wob all dono promptly ; in tliroo weolcs tho fivo woro as totally separ ated ns though sons had rollod botwoon .... -thorn; tho happy homo was a thing of the past, and Goorgo Molvillo's chil dren bad to oat tho bittor broad of obarity until Buch tirno as they could leavo aud labour to ivnt. tlinir own livings. And it onmo liardost on Alico. Sho twos. -old onough to linvo boon hor \- fathor'o fnond, hor mothor'B right hand ; old onough to havo tnstoa and opinions of lior own, vory far nt vari ance from Mrs. Wyndhnm's. Timo had not improvod that lady. Just as sho had tvrannisod ovor Loan Tompost yonrs boforo, did sho tyran nise ovor hor nioco now. \- Perhaps thoro was a spico of onl- ousy, for Alico Molvillo wns a strik- .ingly handsome girl, and Mrs. Wyud- ham's four daughters woro hopolossly plain. . 'Thnro now,' snid Totty, malioi- ously (hor ngo was ton nnd sho was n vory imp of a child), ' I played tlint noto wrong on purposo nnd you novor noticed it. I shnll toll ma it's 110 uso your: protondmg to tonoli 1110 musio ; you aro always half nsloop.' 'I wns listomug for tho postman,' said Alico rashly. ; 4 Ma says you got too many lottors ; sbo's going to toll Aunt Knto to put a stop to Edith's scribbling such lots of.rubbiBh.1 ' Go on with your musio,' Bnid Alico sharply, -|ust as tho postman's knoolc l-o-oohood through tho houso, and sont tho blood throbbing through her voina at mnd speed. Adolnido Houso boastod a lottor box and Mrs. Wyndhnm kopt tho koy, and ofton in tho ovonmg whoa iior aunt wns out Alico stood bosido tho glnss door staring nt tlio onvolopos 111- Bido nnd trying to disoovor liy tho stamp and sizo if ono wns for hor- The first post in tho morning, howovor, guvt) UB1- 1IU auuu Hua)UUSU ; 1C wnB OUO at oiglit . nnd that was tlio bronkfnst hour at Adolnido Houso, so Totty shut tho piano with a bang, nnd followod hor .instructress to tho dining-room, . whoro Mrs. Wyndhnm spooilily fol lowed thom with a pilo of lottors in hor hand.- ' Four for you,' sho snid to lior husband, 1 nnd this I supposo' you must open ; it is a foreign lottor to Goorgo Molvillo, and has boou sont on /from' High Oliff.' Alioo forgot all prudonco; poor , ohild, at mnotoon it is hard to ro- membor caution. i! 'I am tho right person to hnve latnor s loiior, sao saiu oagoriy. un, Undo Tom, plonso lot mo havo it.' Mr. Wyndliam quiotly trnnsforrod it to his pookot, and answorod good- naturodly onough — -i'You, forgot I am your father's exooutor, child ; all his busmoss pnpors aro my enro.' Papa had 110 husinoss with nny one abroad,' rojoinod tho girl, 'it must ho from a fnoud.' . 'Hold your tonguo, Alico, said hor aunt sharply. 'How dnro you contradict your undo!' ' Thoro, wifo, don't ho hard on hor,' said tho lawyer, 'sho inoant no harm ; I'll \rarrant, Alico, if you woro ns tired of lottors as I am you wouldn t be so koon nftor thom.' Alioo looked at him imploringly. Surely ho would at loast opon tho letter and toll hor somothing of itB contents ; but no, bo soomod to linvo forgotton nil about it; only wlion Totty sbowod an inclination to dawdlo ovor her broad and marmalado, ho said, gravely — ' Mike hasto, protty, I want to talk to your motlior.' Tlio four girls and thoir govornoss took tbo hint. Mr. Wyndhom novor loft tho dining room firo till nino, and it was an un derstood thing tlint thoso fow miautos nftor breakfast woro his time for oon- fidoncos with his wifo. ' Woll,' said that lady when Alioo had talcon hor pupils to tho school room, 1 is thoro anything tho mattor, 'Tom ? You look vory odd.' ' I fool as if I had soon a ghost,' ho nnBworod. ' Sit down by tlio firo, Grnoio, and tnlk to rao. When did you last honr from your brothor David ?' Mrs. Wyndhnm started. ' I havo novor hnd a lino from David siiioo his marriago ; you know wo both wroto whon tho bank noto was found, and sout tho lottors to Capo Town whoro his ship was to call, but ho novor answorod.' ' Didu't Goorgo hoar from him ?' ' Unco ; tlio monoy uo lout turn was roturnod with just a line — "In grateful paymont of adobt. D.L.D." — but tlioro was no address, nnd George could not ovon rnako out tbo post-mark.' ' Woll, tbo lottor m my pookot is from David.' Mrs. Wyndliam startod. 1 Oil, I hopo it isn't another poor relation !' sbo said peevishly. ' I oau't do with any moro. Alico is tho bano ofmylifo.' Tom Wyndhnm hesitated ; bo was going to say a ratbor genorous thing, and ho folt just the loast bit ashamed of it. 'Graco,' I havo always felt that mistake of nuno blighted your brothor's lifo. If ho nends anything from us I must givo it just in atonomont.' ' Oh, wo shall dm in tho workhouse !' said Ins wifo with a groan. 'You aro quite Quixotio, Tom.' ' Woll, I am going to road tho lottor ; if thoro is nothing vory droadful in it I'll loavo it with you to show to Alioo, poor littlo tiling ! I oxpootod she would fly nt rao whon I rofusod to givo it up.' Tho lottor was vory short, but an onolosnro which rollod out made Mr. and Mrs. Wytulhnra rognrd it with profound rospoot : — Demi Msi.vir.LK.—1 Twonty years ago you woro tho lomlost frioml to mo man ovor had, and now I am goinq to aalc you a favour I could not ask of any othur man. My only child, tho little girl who coat Lona's life, absolutely needs a son voyago and a ooinploto change. I am forced to Bond hor to England nt once, nnd it may bo six mmiths or ovon a year before I can join hor. Will you nnd Ada opon your hoinu to my lonely Oltvo ? Success hue coino to mo in no amnll degree. Out hero I pnsa for n vory rich man, m England I should not ho o pior olio. I nin quite nblo to pay for ovory advantage for inv child; in proof of which I enclose a banker's draft for two hundred pounds for iinmcdinto oxponscB. I linvo told Ohvo to go straight to yon (I found your nddross in tho Clergy List), and if from nny cause you arc unnuio to givo tlio emia a homo, wdl you tako hor in for a few days nnd spnro hor a kindly wolcinno I If you nnd Ada oannot koop hor, will you find her n homo in snino privato family I Rxpunso is no object ; hut I want for my child what money cannot buy— motherly enro. X shall await your answer anxiously, but I fool sure you will grant my request, and whon Ada has onoo scon Ohvo, 1 think sho will tako hor to hor lionrt. Your attached friand, David Lksteh Durant. Ilusbnnd and wifo. oxchangod glancos. ' Ho must havo made a pilo,' said tho lawyer. ' Ho was always a olovor follow. Now, Grace, what is to bo dono ?' ' You must go and moot tho ship and bring Ohvo hero.' "Too Into, I fonv. You know what an outlandish littlo plnco High Oliff is ; quito throo days would bo lost in tho lottor going tlioro from Plymouth and ooraiug to mo, ovon if they posted it on nt onco. I oxpeot Olive Durant has gono to tho Vicarage and' found it dosortod.' Mrs. "VVyndhara looked worried. ' If Olive is an hoiross, it would bo a splondid obanoe for Bob. He was saying only tbo othor day u dootor could not got on without oapital.' ' My donr,' said tho lawyer drily, ' nt prnsont I am moro anxious to find your uiooo than to hoar your plans for convorting lior into your daughtor-in- lnw. If sbo is as delicate as lior father's lottor implies, it will bo an awful shook for bor to roach High Oliff aud had licrsolf unoxpeoted — no ouo to wolcomo her.' 1 Do you supposo blie knows ?' askod Mrs. Wyndhnm, moanmgly.' ' No ; a mnii doosn't tell his own uuuu willing/ biiuu uu una uouu uu- ousod of thoft.' ' You had bottor go down to High Oliff,'. said his wife ; ' at ienst you will honr full particulars, and tho Followos would, porhaps, hnvo taken her in thomsolvos for a day or two, or olso givo hor our nddross.' Sir Goorgo Followos was tho squire of High Ohff. Thoro was only one thing against Mvs. Wyndhnm's theory. Hospitablo ns tho day, tho Baronet would dolight iu giving shelter, to his old frioud's mooe ; but as ho lived throo milos beyond tho Vioarago, ho was not likoly ovon to hoar of hor ar- 3»nl. OlLU'IEll HI. ,-gj. It l-onlly soomod ns though fortune fnvouvod Ohvo and hor father. When tlioy roachod Capo Town tho ship was already " round,1' aud inquiry at tho company's ofllco soon producod a list of lior pnssongors, which provod thoro wns not a siuglo croaturo from Port' Agnos, wlulo tho number of saloon pnssongors wns undor thirty, all told, or wnotu oniv nino woro lacuos. ' It couldn't bo bottor, Olive,' snid hor fatlior whon ho roturnod from pay ing for Miss Durnut's passage. 1 1 shall tnko you on board and put you undor tlio enro of soma mothorly old lady, and thou you'll bo in olovor.' Sho smilod, oh, so wistfully. ' Havo you forgivon mo, dad ?' Don't, child,' enid tho morohnnt honrsoly, ' there's uo such word ns forgivonoss botwoon you and mo. I'll bo homo boforo tho English summor's ondod, and wo'll 60ttlo clown somo- whoro iu tho country. It'll bo hard if botwoon us wo can't manago to bo happy.' Ollvo's oyos looked too grave and fathomless for porfoct happiness. Tbo oscort wns oasily found. Tho wifo of a naval dootor, retiring nftor many yonrs' sorvico, wns only too pleased to promise Mr. Durant to look nftor bis daughter. Sho had loft hor own girls nt school in England, and was looking forwnrd to a happy moot ing with thorn ; littlo fear that sho would bo all kindnoss to tho fragile young strangor committed to hor oharge. Thoro woro no ourious questions to moot or answer. Olivo's follow pas- songors woro all English poopla who had spont from ono to fivo years in South Africa, and novor having tnkon root thoro, had little curiosity as to what part of tho colony Miss Durant came from. It wns such a vory plausible story. Hor hoaltli hnd boon a&octod; by tlio intonoo hont of tbo summer, which was everywhere declared the hottest known tor yoars ; hor fatlior could not loavo his businoss ; nnd so wns sending hor to his sister, tho wifo of an English olorgymnn — what oould bo moro natu ral. ' All tho samo,' Bnid Dr. Ouvtis to his wifo, ' I novor hoard of tho name of Durant in tho colony. I wonder if she's nny relation to tho Dnrants of .Whitolndios. Don't you remember, Mary, Alfred Durant has boon on tlio verge of ruin for nearly twonty years.' 'I'll ask lior.' ' Bottor not. Dopond upon it, wifo, Miss Durant has had some terriblo trouble. Illness nlono wouldn't givo hor oyos such hopeless sadness. Pot hor as muoh as you like, make hor j'oin in any amusomont that's going on ; but novor usk her a serious ques tion or touch on any privato subjoat unless sho cloos first. Unless I'm muoh mistaken, that girl has boon on tho vorgo of brain fever latoly ; what hor mind wants is porfoot rest.' And sho had it. The only girl on board, Olivo wns like a quoen in tlint small world. Everyone was anxious to please aud nmuso her, from the onp- tnin downwards. Evoryono soomod to fool a personal satisfaction when, as timo wont on, bor cheeks grew rounder and a faint pink colour began to oorao to thom. 1 Another wook, Miss Durant, and wo shall be in tbo Channel,' Dr. Ourtis told hor ono day. ' I think I'm sorry,' sho answered wistfully. 1 Tho voyage is so poaoo- fal, I'd lilco it to Inst for ever — no, not for ovor, hooauso I should want dad ; but till ho comes homo.' ' Wo aro going to London,' said tbo doctor ; ' my sister is going to tako a little furnished houso for us Bomo- whoro in tho suburbs. Won't you come homo with us. and lot vour undo fotoh you from thoro ?' Olivo shook her head. ' Father snid he was afraid undo George would not get his lottor in time to come and moot me, but that I was to go straight to High Oliff tho day I landed. You see,' and sho smiled into tho doctor's faoo, ' Dad couldn't toll I Bhould moot with such kind frionds as you and Mrs. Ourtis. Ho fnnoiod mo alone iu London and not knowing whoro to go or what to do.' ' Then wo oan't bo of any help to you ?' 'Indeed you can,' slie blushed pain fully. ' I don't know Whether my uncle and aunt will cavo for rao to stay with thom permanently, and thoy livo in Yorkshiro ; in fnct, I don't lilco to think of arriving with all niy luggngo — ns if I meant to stay all the yonr round whether thoy likod it or not. . . . and if you — ' ' I soo,' said tho kind.old man. 'We'll store ns many boxes and cases as over you lilco, and I'm sure you'll feel moro coinfortublo if you go to your unolo's with just a bag and portmanteau. Tlion, you know, if you don't make up your mind to stay with bim till Mr. Durant joins you, just como. to us; my wifo find I know lots of people who'd bp only too glad to hnvo a bright young thing lilco you to board with them.' Olivo lookod at him gratefully. 'You have mado mo muoh oasior. I wouldn't sny so to dad, it might havo voxod him, but I oan't fool sura iny uiiole is at High Oliff still. My father says ho is in the Olergy List for last yum, mo iiuw uuu uuuu t uumu uuii , but I can't holp thinking be may have movod.' ' Country olorgy don't move ofton;' snid Dr. Ourtis. ' What is his narao, Miss Olive?' ' Molvillo — George Molvillo. ' Then I know him well, and a good kind follow ho is. He's brothor-iu- law to Durnnt of Whitolndios. I told my wifo tbo narao was so un common you must be rolatod.' Ho is dad's brother.' ' Ah, well, Miss Olivo, your father showed his wisdom; ho solootod tho host of his kindred to sond you to.' ' Fatlior has uovor soon any of thom sinco I was a baby, said Olive, ' but ho told rao Unolo Goorgo had a heart of gold.' ' So ho has. I know him iu his first curacy. I romomber his wedding, a protty young thing ho marriod too. Then ho got a living iu tho wilds of Yorkshiro, and I lost sight of him.' ' Do you know ray othor unolo at Whitolndios ?' « Mv ivifn'o rtormla livo riofir. unci mv oldest nophow is in Mr. Wyndhnm's oflico — he's another oonnoxion of yours.' Olivo shuddered. ' All,' said tho doctor shrowdly, ' I oxpoot ho's not a ploasant follow iu privato lifo, but ho's a olovor lawyer.' Many of tho pnssongors loft at Plymouth. Tho party going on to London was small indood. Thoy roachod tho dooks so lato in tho after noon that Mrs. Curtis told Olivo it was impossiblo sho could go to Yorkshiro tlint night, and insistod on taking her to tho protty littlo houso at Norwood proparod for thomsolvos. Tho Curtis girls woro at boarding- sohool, so tbo mother could not gratify lior honrt-hungor till tho next day ; but Mrs. Stevens, the doctor's sistor, had como to moot thom, and hor wolcomo was warm indood. Sho startod whon introduced to 'Miss Durant,' but neither Airs. Curtis nor Olive onlightonod hor ns to tho girl's connexion with hor son's em ployer. It wns far bottor to koop silonco. Tho dootor puzzled over Bradshaw to suoh good purposo that ho found by loaving King's Cross nt olovon Olivo would probably roach High Oliff about six, ho oould not say moro than " probnbly," tho changos boing fre- quont, and the connootions not guaran teed. It was a bitter cold dny, and though Olivo bad - a fur-linod cloak, a thick railway'rug and plenty of shawls, sho folt noarly frozen ns she took her seat in tho trnin. Wns it possible that not a month before she had sat on tho verandah at homo in a white muslin dross nnd longod for a bronth of fresh air ? Dr. Ourtis saw hor off and oommen- dod hor to tho spociul oare of tho guard, who fulfillod bin behest till tho train ranched York, whoro Olivo was fornorl to ohnngo. Evoryono wns good to her. Tho slight, boautiful girl, with her fragilo faoo and look of delicate hoaltli, soomod so unfit to tako enro of horaolf that pooplo took nu intorost in hor, and did their best to holp hor on hor way. Sho shared a table iu tho rofrosh- raont-room with an old lady, who saw she was too shy to venturo thoro alone, and told hor bIio would fool pounds bottor whon she had had somo hot soup. Two moro changes, and then at fivo o'olook Olivo found herself at a littlo wayside junction, whore a single line ran to High Cliff. She had an hour before she oould go on, nnd sbo sat down by the waiting-room firo to while away tho timo. Two gentlemen, also waiting for tho looal train, cautiously made way for her, and removed to a little distance. They were eagerly discussing somo subjoot apparently of great intorost, and sho caught tho words, — ' It's a bad businoss, but I'm not surprisod. Robert Lnoy couldn't run straight, it is not in iu bim, nnd yot what a tonguo tho follow had,' obsor- vod tho older man. 'I'm suro ho oould wind ono round his littlo fingor.' 'I know he wound my father round it,' snid the othor rather ruefully. Well, old man, they must bo sharp people out in Africa. They've mnnaged to catch Lang redhnnded, which wo never did, and he's got seven years.' Olivo Durant wont white as death. Was she never to bo free from this man's name, tho unworthy man for whoso sake she had wellnigh quarrelled with hor father? Was his sin still to haunt her path, though hb himself was safe in prison ? Tho train came in nt last, and tlio pnssongors took thoir seats. It was quito dark by this time, but by tho lamp in tho carriage Olivo oould boo that tho soenory through whioh thoy passod was all wrapped in white. Was it tho remains of recent snow ? or, oh, horriblo thought ! was sho to ronoh High Oliff in a snow-storm ? Sho folt thankful sho had nothing with hor but ono good-sizod portman teau whon she found that High Oliff boasted but ono youthful porter for .all duties — ticket-collecting, higgage- onrrying, door- slamming and so on ; at last ho was at liberty to answer her. ' Ely, ma'am 1 There b'aint such a thing ! Where did you want to go to?' ' To tho Vioarago.' 'It's not far,' said the man con solingly, ' bnrely half-a-milo, and you can't miss it, for it's iu a straight line. Thoro is q: path, for- tho snow hns boon 'swept. 'I'll- bring up tho ' port- mantoau when I've started 'the up- train.' . Olivo saw thoro was nothing for it but to walk. .. She was stiff aud cold, hor bond swam, and sho folt a faint, sinking sonsntion, whioh well-nigh ovorpoworod hor ; but it would not do o spond the night at the railway stn- so she turned into the dark lnue poiatod out by the porter just as tho two gentlemen got into a oosy brougham. ' We might have givon hor a lift, Poroy !' said tho younger of the ' two. ' I'd have suggested it only I did not daro take suoh a liberty with your equipage.' 'I thought of it, old fellow; but I didn't dare.' 'Why, there was nothing terriblo about hor. Sho was quite youug, and a porfoct lady.' ' My dear boy, you don't understand . Our vicar's domestio comfort is pro- oiuuu uvui uy u uLiij. uu£uiui OJJIU3LUI, whose ohiof business in lifo is to pro- toot bor brother from all dosiguing young women. I could novor have facod Aliss Penelope again ' if I had bo'ou tho moans of introducing tho Rov. Nool to that vory captivating and dangerously attractivo young lady-! our late follow traveller !' ("To le continued, J Tho mnu who sits on a pin fools his position koonly. A duck of a bonnet quiokly finds a gooso of n purchaser. ' Lawyers may bo friends in deed, and thoy are always in need — of a foo. Now South Wales is tho land of promise. All promises, no fulfilniont. Lovo v. Kiss was a breach of promise case decided latoly in Porth (W.A.) What's in a name ? Tho Japanese could, if necessary, throw somothing liko 300,000 trained soldiors into tho fiold. Somo Chinese and many Africans uso tho oar as a pocket to carry ooins aud other small artiolos. Last year tho British taxpayors h ad to find £40,000 for tho maintenance of tho royal palnoos. 