They Sty: [An open column. Comment must be fair and without malice. The Editor not responsible for opinions expressed ] There is too inuchce tilkee at thlose charity meetigs.. . Paddy O'Loughlin: playing for Es sendon had a string on the ball[ last Saturday. Ever since stump got a game with the combined juniors against Essendon he dont know who he are. Brunswick intend, to' bag ill ::those young magpies to-d3ay. Shake tem np WVick. What price Chopper, Toppie- and Jacob following for the Wicks. : The local councillors are goingto' give a Maypole dance at the Queen's Birth day sports. It is rumored that a well known tradesman is going to drive a team con sisting of eight billy goats in the . great procession on the 24th. It was no use throwing cold water on the too canvassers for trophies for the 24th May carnival, as.. they had a Mackintosh with them. The carnival will imitate the sun in at least one respect, viz: In rising in the East"anid setting in full splendour in the west. - Shakespeare preverted thus : "Friends Brunswickers and couritrymen, lend me your eyes " to see the procession on Queen's birthday to help the poor.i ; That our secretaries: work. They won't let 'em talk-they've no voting power. That both donors of the II. and F. trophy can sew or Hemi-away.'' Our little see of the carnival is going to concert a dress from the lot of waste papers that the numbers make, and go as Ilowlet's ghost. Harry's got his head in towels, damp and cold to try and think of an idea with which to repeat the dose on the Queen's birthday. They'll soon be a case for the coroner. The Mechanic's was hardly large enough for Scott at the Evening Star concert. Snowy was nearly choking whilst re freshing himself with a bottle of (gin ger)-ale at the Camelia concert. After Warder B's presentation at Pentridge to mark the appreciation of his services, his wife, taking advantage of the occasion, presented him with a bouncing daughter amidst great laughter and-hearty- congratulstions. Who was the young man in Coburg that had his razor sharpened at a shop and asked another tradesman to try it on his customer before lie would venture to use it. A Whisper-We have pleasure in announcing that the " Chicken-raisers " professional combination band will, by special request, tear to pieces on Queen's Birthday some of the latest up to date music, under the baton of tlhe: eminent and popu'ar conductor Pro. Ka!e Wilsing Johnsing Coopahi, who has been let out on bail for the occasion. Harry was in a terrible Scott when some, of the Camselias rushed the front seats at the entertainment on Monday evening last. Buck has got his head in bandages. A Chinaman threw him through a window. Brooker's soap won't wash clothes. That accounts for him wearing a dirty pair of cricketing :pants this past season. Squire reckons J. L. would have done better if he had stayed at home and drove pigs at a penny per head. Jack G. is learning to dance. Paddy is of opinion his feet are (too big and that he will never master the art. : .. ,j~ ::?ilovi cnitlest wiill take .plice in Srjuiro's ietiring' root, between Bradly Rnd Bull for the honor of Goosecown. Seconds, Bendy and Bowcr. Toffs 2s Gd : other fingers is. Almost a certainty the North will covet the local trophy. Tracker quite excelled himself in the ficld last Saturday. Charlie O'Connell fielded splendidly last Saturday. Last Saturday's match between the North and East was free front bicker ing. Brummy says he' climbed a tree and fell 250 feet. When lihe came to Mother Earth he bounced six feet in the air. Wonderful performance. " See the Conquering Hero comes" was the wail as Chopper made hia ap pearance at the cricket match last Satur day in full Militia dress. Sink wants a four-furrowed plough to part his hair with. Who was the lad that was heard to exclaim, " You pick the row,; Barney and I'll run for Stevd:." How is it that Brooker and Tricks buys a plennyworth of fruit between them and eats it in one of the cheapest nusic halls in the city ? Bendy has taken to the boot-black business. Buck and his fellow codedian;iQeaack Squire says if lie deals this season he will put a washer on their eyes. The home team are after Hughioe Logan this season. Immigrants home, you know. d. certain sports committee met at one of the printer's in Brunswick last Sunday morning to arrange a pro gramme. It is strange that the pro prietor of this Sunday sporting estab lishment [also obtains a large share of local churchl work. Do the min= isters and churbh supporters estimate Sabbath breaking as an evil. Jack was caught napping. Cost a: fiver. A stiff nap. Bob Wicketer wonders why it is his narie never appears in the paper. A. good few have thought so too. The latest way of making money get a gun mended for nothing and charge the owner a ,shilling. Balmy-ham knows all about it. It Grieves him to think his feet are too big'to learn dancing. .,Belmonts have a good show to win Boy's. connundrum. Tlher is' no truth in thll rumour that two Sydney-road. business men, having. exhausted their means for,; obtaining trophies, are now sticking up the Herald boys for coppers. :. There iare no differeticcs between East and west.. Onie gentleman is going to the carni val as cupid.. IfHe' is getting. measurcd for a bow and arrow. There "is going to be i lot of big heads at the carnival, and at least two hard faces. ' Joe Aulder is the chlampion colmediian ^and clog dancer of Victoria. (Dicken) Amy and Cassie Colligan and Rosie Cambry were all well encored on Tuesday night.. Who is going to Surrey Hills. What are you going to fetch Dick.? 