wit and humor. He: "When I'm with you, I forget every thing." She: "Even time itBelf." " They say that Patti is at last losing her voice." " Too bad. Why doesn't she sing into a phonograph and preserve it ?" FOHRSIGHT. — 'Arry : "Let's tako a baout, Ohorley." Ohnrley : "Not me 1 not just after a dinner costin' mo two sbillin's !" Stiianueiis in a Stiianqe Land.— First Cyclist : " Are you pneumatio tyred or cushion tyred 1" Second Cyclist : "Damtt tired." V He : "I saw Mies Booker at Oaulfield. " She (thinking of dresB) : "Obi What did she have on?'1 He (thinking of goo gees) V" Nothing I" AT a school examination : " What do the letters ' R.I.P.,1 often seen on tombstones, mean?" Answer: "Return, if possible." A good boy that. " Uaggsy, for a tramp, youse is de best be'- liaved fellorl ever met." "It's business, Dusty.' I ain't anxious to get into no hot water. Foot is, I hate water of all kinds." Boy (to piacator, who has been whipping the stream all dny without any luck) : " You'll be getting n fish caught on one of them little 'oriks ij ytr a in't carcjul." At the National Galleuy.— Fair American (boforo a celebrated picturo of a saint) : '|WaI, I reekon I would have had my hair crimped before I bad my picture painted." " Did you have any trouble with your Frenoh when you were in Paris?" "No ; I understood my Frenoh well enough, but those measly Parisians didn't. They had all the trouble." She Knew Something.— Housemaid : " I say, cook, 1 fanoy master and mistress are talk ing about us." Cook: "Why do yon think bo? I oannot hear anything.'' Housemaid: That is- the, reason. They, are talking so quietly." . "It was a dreadful moment," said the dentist. "I was bntliing qu|e(ly when the great cavernous jaws of tho shark opened before me.'' " What did you do ?" asked one of tlie ladies. " I took, 'my loroeps out of the pockot of my bathing suit and pulled his teeth 'before he- had'n'ohanco to' seize me. It was the quiokest and neatest work I ever did." Evident.— George : "Eh — he's a big 'un ; ain t he, Jnok ?" /Minister (overhearing) : 11 Yes, my lad ; but it's not-witli eating and drinking-!"' Jack : "I'll lay it's not all wi' fastin' an' prayin' I" Oub Fiuends 1— A. : " How do you know that Saliosser has odnio into 'a fortune ?" B. : " I saw it in the newspapers. And now everybody that used to call hlB,- poetry stupid says it is original 1" Unlucky Speeches.—" Wouldn't you like some music, professor?" "No,' thanks. I'm quite happy aa I am. To tell you the truth, I | profor the worst possible conversation to tho best inusio there is 1" Pbovsd his Courage.—" What' makes you think you are qualified to beonme a football umpire? Are you brave? Have you ever put down a riot?" "No; but I have aoted as judge at a baby allow." "Why in thunder don't this train proceed ?" cried the passenger. " Beoause the: e ain't none o' you got tickets to eternity," said the brake- man. "If we went on with that danger signnl up, that's whero you'd fetch up." That was a remarkable instance of devotion to which an Italian jonrnnl referred some time ago, wherein a husband, on hearing that his wife looked her boat in mourning, committed suicide that she might have on opportunity to wear it. As Between the Two.— He : " I don't think there Ib anything muoh finer than to havo a beautiful yaoht" tslre : "I'm surprised at you. Haven't yon considered a beautiful wife?" He: "Oh yes; but I mean on the ground of economy." " And you really claim tiiat you can summon ghoBts into your presence?" "Certainly." "Prove it." "I will." He summons a ghost. "But — I don'tsoosnytliing." "Nor I. But I summoned ono just tho same. I didn't any I could make him come." Assurance. —Lady (at table d'htlc) : " Aw- fully annoying, professor ! ThiB afternoon I wanted to havo a swim in tho sea, when, unfor tunately, the thermometer fell several points." Professor : "Never mind, madaiine ; directly it gots warmer it will go up again !" "-Book collecting is very interesting," said Jarley, "I get lots of fun out of it. I saw this morning that Lord Dufferiir has tba smallest book in tho world. It isn't any larger than a' postage stamp." "I've got one," said Scribbler, " that's smaller than that. It's a thtee volume novel." " I should liko to see it," said Jarley. "Well, you oan't; fact is, I have it in my head," said Scribbler. A Thief to Oatoh a Thief.- A witty and widely known' bishop was lately visiting a certain college In whioh lie took much interest. Whilst ho was inspecting -' the electrical appliances of tho aoientifio department, a polite professor re marked, " I wish, my lord, that we could con struct a magnet strong enough to keep you always among us." /' " Ah !" laughed his lord ship, not ill pleased. " That would not be setting a thief to oatoh a thief, exactly. It would rather bo setting a magnet to oatoh a magnate." The Veiidiot. — A country coroner recently rcasonod out a verdict more sensible than one-half tho verdicts usually rendered. It appeared that an Irishman, conceiving that a little powder thrown upon some green . wood would faoilitato its burn ing, direoted a Bmall stream from a keg upon tho burning pieoe, 'but nnt possessing a hand sufficiently quick to out this off, was blown into n million pieces. The fullowingwas the verdict, delivered with great gravity. by, the official : — "Oan't be called suicide, bekase ho didn't mean to kilt himself ; it wasn't 'visitation' of God,' bekase he wasn't struok by lightning; he didn't die for want of breath.-for he hadn't anything to breathe with ; it's plain ho didn't know what he was about, ;so I sball bringju— died for want of common. sente."' , .The Unreliability of Proverbs.— A visitor was lamenting the waywardness "of. n young friend, and conoluded by saying : " After-ail, it but proves how true are our old proverbs, 'One man can- take a horse to water, but 20 men oan't mnke him drink.' "You oan't prove anything by . a proverb," answered tlie lively girl who listened. "Or, rather, you can prove anything upon earth you wish. Here's a proverb that answers yours book, , ' A bird that can sing, and won't sing must bo made to sing.'" "Try it again," laughed the first- speaker. "'A rolling atone gather!) no moss."' "Easy enough," answored bor companion; ("A sitting hen never gots fat.' When you toil mo, 'A penny saved ia a penny earned,' I snawor, 1 You may be penny wise and a pound foolish.' And if you aay, 'Speech is silvern, but silence is golden,' I can reply, ' A word is better than a wink— ton blind horse.'" "And wliatdo you say to this?" asked the other demuroly,. "Proverbs are the wisdom of nations." " Easy enough," . retorted the other. " ' Borrowed wisdom is too cheaply got,'". A Bebcs on an Envelope. —A curiously addressed letter lately passed through the post office at Madrid, whioh .was deciphered nnd cor rectly delivered, notwithstanding the diffi culties. The address wash porfeot rebus. At the left hand side wob the flguro of a lady. It was olear, thoreforo, to which sex tho reoipient should belong. Over the-lndy'a head the sun was rising ; lieneo her name was inferred to be Aurora. 'For her surname stood a hill with h castle at -its foot, which -gives us"Montes y Caslcllo." Next oomefthtf towh, for which the plan of a oity wiisjGtawnjv which tho Alhambra waa IfgihidjJThis indicated Granada, hut in order to lonvoiio idoubtiessihlo pome granate waa drawq IbidefStro plWtt.'To com plete the nddrosR,', fiu'niimller was\ndioatcd in one of the streets of : the cityfplnn. ; -The postal authorities took thre ilnyS;. to isjtutly this curiosity, and then triumphantly delivered tho letter to "Sehorita Ajttrora Mohtea.'V"Castcllo, Azaoayas, No, 20, GrnptJdd1," and-, -so/far from eenauring tlie sender, tifcyi diS'd, the' onvolope photographed and it oopy printed "jri '(bo Madrid papers as a proof of the iiifclTigenco of 'he department? 