AOTA POPULL (By tub Flaneur.) Talleyhand and his king were once discussing the payment of members trouble when the monarch asked, 'Don't you think that a citizen is justly recompensed when he is allowed to serve his coun try in the Senate for the honour and glory of that privilege alone ?' ' Oh, no, sire,' replied the cute courtier. ' That figure would be far too high en tirely. Better pay him in cold cash.' Talleyrand's notion that the patriot who was not paid in cold caahforhis services would take precious good care to pay himself was certainly a shrewd one, ana maiung a virtue 01 necessity, we nna it tne best policy to pursue to- day. Payruentjjof members is a subject about which a very great deal may be said on both sides without either side being right. 'If we pay our legislators a salary,' says a shrewd American critic, ' our council-chambers are soon over-run with unsuccessful business men, petti fogging lawyers, and half- educated failures of all descriptions, who cheat and pilfer whenever they get a chance. If we do not pay them, the Senate is filled with men who have made a fortune in business and now enter politics to carry out some theory of ? Government evolved in the counting-house ; and. by these the constitution is continually being patched -up and tinkered, and the citizens' actions controlled, , until he is swathed in red tape, as an Indian papoose is bound in bark.'' There Ave have both . sides of the question, and it requires a very keen . intellect to discover which is the better. Of one thing, however, we can have no possible probable . doubt Avhatever. Payment of members is a glorious thing for the Ministry that happens to be in power, because it will keep it in power when all other hope has fled. And we have no need to travel very far \- from home for a beautiful illustration of that . undoubted fact. Poor fellow Parkes still sounds his penny pipe for Federation, but he might as well put in his time ?whistling psalms to a dead horse. Everyone sees through his little game, and although the world . loves to be deceived, still Sir Henry's day for work ing the oracle has passed. In the main he is right . for Australia will never count for much until Fede ration has become an accomplished fact. Then, ?with Freetrade between the various States awdjudi . cious Protection against the outside world, its possi bilities will be unbounded. But Parkes can no more do anything to bring Federation about than John Davies can read a page of Hebrew — or of English, for that matter. The people know this, . and the sooner Parkes gets the knowledge of, that iact into his hairy head the better tor himself. Perhaps Sir Henry docs know it, but, like a , desperate gambler, he keeps on rattling the box on ? the off chance that his luck may change. I lean . towards this opinion myself, and every time I hear the Grand Old Manceuvrer babbling for Federation he reminds me of the tale told of an English globe-trotter who, having strayed into ' a backward Texan district said to an influential citizen who looked like a walking gunsmith's shop, '_, ' Do you really think that the mere stealing of a horse is sufficient reason for a body of men to , hang a fellow-man to a tree ?' ' Well,' replied the other, ' I don't know but what you've hit the right idea. Anyway, if it ain't no reason, it's often . a derned good excuse.' And that is the real light , in which Parkes views Federation as a means of. '_[.,, enabling him to scramble back to power. , . Two of our unfortunate workless workers cannoned ', together at a corner the other day and the first one . to recover said, ' Weel, Sandie, hoo are ye 'gettin' ~'. along in these awful times ?' No very weel, ' Jamie,' replied the second stroller ; ' I'm' doing' * riaethin'. Hoo are 3re gettin' on yersel' ?'' ; ' Oh, I'm idle,' returned the other sadly. ' A weel;' ex *„ claimed Sandie in the most cheerful tone he could I',','.- assume — ' I wadna fret tae much aboot that. ' It's 'Jt. ..just as well tae be idle as tae be doin' naethin', like .y.'.jmyiiel',' ? It is officially reckoned that there are about 10,000 men in. a similar plight to-day in Sydney and its suburbs, and the cry is still they come. This is one Avrong that should be righted before we trouble about Federation or any other fad, and it is just about time that all so-called statesmen Avoke up to a sense of the fact that making provision for the Avelfare of the poor is not a lordly favour to be granted, but a positive duty that should take pre cedence of all others. Ruskin put this plainly Avhen he said, 'The mistake of the best men through generation after generation has been the great one of thinking to help the poor by alms giving, and by preaching of patience or of hope, and by every other meansj emolliant Or consolatory, ex cept the one through AVhich God orders for them — visi , fadice.'* EArery man Avho is willing to Avork should have honest Avork to go to, and the first care of a good Government is to see that this natural claim for justice is attended to. A happy thought in liomiectiort. Avith this trouble comes from a Country Avhich we, Avith our unjusti fiable sense of self-sufficiency, too frequently con demn, viz., Russia. A few years ago, when the Avails of the peasant pierced the palace walls — pro- bably through the holes made by the Nihilist bombs— the Russian Government passed into law an ' amusement tax' the proceeds of which go towards allieviating the distress of the poor. It is an excel lent tax, too, for, like the bushrangers of Robin Hood's time, it falls only on the rich and it benefits the poor. This tax is levied upon every ticket sold for eArery amusement that is going. Possibly the men Avho run the shows pass the tax on to their patrons, but the latter can Avell afford to pay the piper for the music he provides. Thou sands of pounds are easily raised in this manner every year | no one feels the burden, and the pool most effectually feel the benefit. Every ticket, from those sold for the Grand Opera and swellish ' socials' doAvn to the traA'elling dogand monkey shows, bears a tax according to its value, and I see no earthly reason why something of the kind could not be started here. Our Government taxes grog and tobacco because they are regarded, as luxuries. Russia regards race-meetings, thea tricals, banquets, balls, lotteries and the like as luxuries, and for a so-called barbarous nation she reckons them up pretty correctly also. The Russian bear hasn't much of a tail, but the Austra lian kangaroo might imitate this little Wag of it Avith profit to us all. A certain man who thought to be very funny at the expense of his Avife once observed, 'If there were no Avomen the men Avould have nothing to laugh at.' But, as the billiardists say, he 'left him- self OA'er the pocket ' that time, and his spouse smartly sent him into the hole by saying — 'If there Avere no Avomen, the men Avouldn't want anything to laugh at. They Avould never feel in a laughing humour.' That's a fact, but the situation is groAV ing more gloomy every day, and mournful men declare things are coming to such an awful pass that pretty soon when Ave see a young man who is Avalking ahead of us carefully lift one coat-tail as he crosses a muddy street Ave may feel morally cetain that that awful young man is an advanced young woman. The latest atrocity perpetrated by the New Woman Avas a 'Ladies,'' (not a Woman's) football match,' It Avas played on a London ground, and it proved at the start that women are not the equal of men in all things, for we read that ' out of regard to the female 'wind,' it was decided to limit the length of every ladies' football match to 60 minutes.' The question, therefore, at once arises — If the female 'wind' cannot last longer than 60 minutes at a stretch, what in the name of Balaam's Ass is the use of Avomen struggling to obtain a seat in Parliament ? One of the first essentials of a model member noAV is ' wind,' and if a woman hasn't got a full supply of that she had better turn up politics entirely, and tie a tin beak on her mouth and go scratching round with the hens in search of worms. As for the game played, it was very funny, but it wasn't football. If there is anything on earth that a Avoman cannot do gracefully it is running, and, ua.ij.ing biic ucuca ui uuc utuiet, iiu wuiuau uuu iiiuii. as elegantly as even a bandy-legged grasshopper either. Hatching eggs Avould be more in her line, especially if the nest Avas artistically formed, . bag ? shape fashion, out of crinoline stuff trimmed Avith liberty silk of. the 'fish-bone' type, hemmed round Avith nun's pate-de-fois-gras and' pompons. Some of the lady footballers Avere married Avomen and on the she-secretary being asked. 'What do these Avomen's husbands husband's think of the matter?' her prompt emancipated reply was — ' What on earth have they got to do with it? ' Apparently they hadn't much — except to hold the babies and pull their pretty partners' little noses into shape Avhen they were knocked skew-fashion in a wild demoralizing ' scrum.' The comments shouted by the spectators were painfully familiar and free. One lady built on Dutch lines was promptly dubbed 'Fatty,' and loud Avere the appeals made to her not to 'use her weight so much.' In one scrum ' Fatty' fell into a sitting posture, and Avhen she was helped up the ground was seen to rise, like indiarubber ; some say they even heard it give a great sigh of relief as Avell. ' Fatty' was supposed to be a goal-keeper, but on one occasion she calmly kicked the ball through her own goal, and then called the unfortu nate he-umpire ' a nasty, mean thing' for counting that goal to the other side. Another player was the very opposite of Fatty, being short, sharp, and skinny, and as she could run rather quicker and Avith more grace than a wooden-legged man could kick his hat, a strong suspicion regarding her real sex arose, and she was cheerfully christened ' Tommy.' ' Tommy' Avas originally down as a 'half back,' but she Avas all over the field at the same time, apparently, and the free and impartial style in which she kicked for both sides was the theme of^universal admiration. Like the soldier in the song, it Avas a case of 'Tommy here, and Tommy there, and Tommy everywhere,' and whenever her Aviry little form was seen wriggling in a tussle at the back a great roar used to go up of ' Come out of that, Tommy : you ain't got no girl!' Finally ; 'Fatty' fell on top of Tommy, smathering her full sore, and the subsequent proceedings interested Tom no more. A golden -tressed lass Avas encouraged in her frog like antics by cheering cries of 'Good Old Ginger !' and occasionally advised to 'butt Fatty in the back ?with, yer head, and make a bonfire,' The lady captain of the Blues' name is Honeyball, and her demeanour in the field was quite in keeping Avith the sweetness of her name. In the height of a scrum she Avould turn to a more manly player and say, 'Please don't push; it's really rude ;' but the jeering crowd knew nothing of this, and evidently misunderstood the lady's nature, for constant were the hoarse commands to ' Back up there, Honey ball, old man !' ' Go for Ginger with your shoulder!' 'Jump on Tommy's 'ead ! ' and such like murderous orders, which must haA'e been extremely distressing to the dear creature's honeyed natiiie. At tne end of an hour's alleged play, the score stood atone goal to nothing; but the ''wind' Avas out of all the players, and so ended the first let us hope the last— ladies' football match. Fair play is bonny play- and in the interests, thereof I rise to ask our Northern friends if there is any truth in the following report, and if there is, Avhat action do they intend to take in the matter ? It has been publicly stated here that a Miss O' ? , who had learned the truly6angelie art of nursing at that Queen of charitable institutions, St. Vincent's Hospital, and obtained high professional credentials, became desirous of securing a nurse's situation at a country hospital. Tavo institutions were advertising at the time for a professional nurse— the Maitland Hospital and the NeAvcastle Hospital. Miss O' ? accordingly applied for the Maitland vacancy, and in due time was informed that her application Avas unsuccessful, the position being conferred upon 'the daughter of a Protestant clergyman.' So far all was correct, because, other things being equal, a Protestant clergyman's daughter should have a fair chance against all-comers, certainly no true Catholic would ever object to that. Here, however, is Avhere the grievance comes in. Miss O' ? next applied to the NeAvcastle Hospital, stating her claims, forwarding her credentials, and asking if that vacancy had been filled. The story runs that the since-resigned NeAvcastle Matron Avrote to say that the vacancy had not been filled, but that a Protestant would be preferred* ? Now, I would like to know on what ground that reply was based. Everyone knoAA-s, or should show, that our hospitals are subsidized by the State out of the Public Revenue, and certainly the Catholics contribute their just share to that. Furthermore the NeAvcastle Hospital is partially supported by contributions from Catholics, and if the authorities are glad to re ceive money from Catholics they should be equally willing to secure the services of a Catholic nurse, providing that nurse fills all the requirements, of course. St. Vincent's Hospital unhesitatingly opens its doors to the sick and suffering of every creed and clime, and I believe employs Protestant nurses on its staff as well. They are ' agoin' it' up North in a spiritual Avay too' I notice, for from Singleton there comes a ghost story calculated to freeze the marrow in a frog and make every single hair on the head of Sir Damehecago Dibbs stand up on its tail in silent horror. A Avell- known resident was rambling along in the gloaming musing on the ' Whichness of the What,' or the tariff, or his chance of draAving tAvins, or some other all- absorbing topic, when suddenly he saAv Avhat he supposed to be an old acquaintance strolling leisurely along before himi Gliding quietly up, the well-known resident gave his friend what was intended for a sounding slap on the back, but to his blood- curdling surprise, when his fist came down there was no back there to receive the blow.' This style of surprising a friend; by the way, is very popular Avith gentlemen of the political joker; type, but at times it is apt to cause trouble. For example. A very fat man clad in shirt and breeches only was leaning over some railing at the Circular Quay one day intently fishing. A podgy friend of mine coming along caught sight of the corpulent form, and thinking it was that of an old acquaint ance, he picked up a piece of board about 2ft. long and brought it doAA'n on the unprotected part of the fisherman's body with a force of about l(3,0001bs. to the square inch. Of course the party assaulted turned round to see where the earthquake came from, and then my friend suddenly discovered that the party he Avelted Avas a perfect stranger to him altogether — and a frightfully enraged and cursing sort of stranger too. In his haste to get to the other side of the world at once, if not sooner, my friend fell over some chains, and the fat man fell on him, and Avhen the pair of fatties Avere done pounding and sousing each other about the place the Quay looked like the deck of a whaler during ' cutting up ' time. Returning to the Singleton spook, hoAA'ever, it occurs to me that the party who vanished into thin air Avhen his back was slapped must have been the mysterious Young Man from Narrabri Avho once flopped doAvn on his knees before Sir \ Henry Parkes, exclaimed, ' God bless you, Sir Henry!' and then disappeared in the darkness. Possibly this eccentric cuss is looking for the G.O.M. once more, but anyway, I think Inspector Lenthall ought to take a tour up North and sample the different : brands of whisky, It is an awful thing to be coming suddenly on shadowy swells like these, and the whole business reminds me of the angry wife Avho, meeting her husband on the stairs at midnight's silent hour, after a special Lodge meeting, severely said :— ' John Johnson, where have you been, and how come you so ? Look me straight in the face and answer.' To which the well ' corned' culprit simply but significantly said, 'Whish face, m' dear}' / Another little game of the Singleton spook is to do the shifting light trick ; appearing like a small flame in the centre of ,a large joldock, retreat ing, as brave inquiring forms approach it, standing still Avhen they stand, and carrying on after the. most approved will-o'-the-Avisp style in general. It has been irreverently stated that a boy Avith a cand'e in a bottle could do all that the Singleton spirit does, but it seems to me that a more scienti fic explanation is needed. Consequently I submit that some Singleton resident has. been speculating in a pot of luminous paint. Then a billy-goat has trotted along and, after the hungry and inquisitive style of his tribe, he has jabbed his head into the: pot, and then after enjoying a hearty meal he. has gone mooning about the bush, innocent of the fact, that, like bully Bottom in the play, he has been 'translated' in a fashion calculated to scare vhe senses out of all his former friends. ; It is a poor business, however, and not worthy to be mentiored in the same age as the hair-raising mystery worked by the little EnmQie girl and a stack oi bricks. 