ELECTORAL LIBEL CASE. s MORRIS V. SYME. AFTERNOON'S PROCEEDINGS CASE FOR THE DEFENCE. MORE INTERESTING EVI DENCE. A REBUTTING CASE- MR M'CRACKEN IN THE COX COUNSEL'S ADDRESS "THE CASE IS RIDICULOUS." On tho County Court resuming this afternoon, Mr Purvcs, in tho libel action Morris v. Sytne, opened the caso for tho defence. He said he did not propose to addrssa them now. but would say a fow words on the ovidonco at the conclusion of the caso. He then called Charles Cutler, builder and contractor, of Flemington. Witness said he romcm- bcred tbo election of September. He acted as secretary to Mr Denkiu's com mittee. Ho heard Mr Morris say that he woold oppose Mr Dsakin whenever ho atood far Parliament. Tbo remark was mado at tho Doutto Galla llotol, though afterward, at tbo Moonoe Pond Hotel, Morris denied having made the remark. To Mr llotchin : Morris garo nn his reason that he did no; consider limb Mr Donkin was a Liberal. Which of the two candidates do you consider best represented the views of the working man? — I can t>09t answer that by pointing to the result of the ballot. (Lrfiughter.) Arthur Croighton said ho heard Morris questioned as to whother a member of Mr Al'Crackcn'a committee bad advanced him a portion of hie deposit money. The reply was that Mr Prout had advanced him L24 in accordance with a previous promise that ho would assist him if it was needed. Anuthor quostion wss put to Morris a to .whothsr it was proper thas ho should como forward and opposo a tried Libera, eeoing that tlio Liberul inte rest was jvopardised. Morris's answer was that, in tho caso ol one individual, they knew what ho wan, and ttiat the other was a traitor; anil furthermore, that he (Morris) would rather support Al'Crackon then Donkin. To Mr Hotchin': Mr Morris did not innke nny socret about the L24. Ho said hu h«d no objection to telling the whole world whero he got the rest of tbo doposit. He mentioned several names, but wit ness was not euro whothor Dr Moloney' namo was mentioned. Did Morris give any roason for saying that Mr Dcakin was a traitor ? — Ho wo abusing Mr Dcnkin all tho evening. Ho attacked him en several questions. You say that Merris said lie would rathor support M'Crnckon than Dcakin ; did ho not tack on to that the statement that ho would rather eeettmself in than either ? — He did not ssy ho, but I sup- poso that wai his object. (A laugh.) My own opinion was that ho was running in tho Conservative interest. Was he over asked to rotire 1 — It was roportcd that ho was. By any roprotcntafivo man ? — I don't know that. If ho was a tool of M'Cracken's, don't you think that ho would have boen mod to havo said ha would rather see M'Cracken in than Deakon ?— No, I don'c think so. Harry Kogor<r, contractor, examined by Mr Coldham, said ho knew Morris. Ho hoard him eay at a mooting outside Prout's liotol that lie gob hi deposit racnoy by getting L20 from Mr Prout, L9 from Dr Malunoy, and sundry pounds from the friend that he bad. After he gavo that annwor thcro was a great hubbub in the meeting. To Mr llotchin : Have you ovor beon to a meeting wore thoro wau not soniosort of a hubbub ?— Well, 1 can't say that I havo. Joseph Hawkins Young, of 25 Rich- mund hlrcot, Flominpton, examined by Mr Purvcs, eaid he wroto a letter to tho V Ago "as to Mr Morris's candidature, saying that MorriB was no friend of tho wotkinginan, and only Btood for Kmctidon to spitj the Labor party. At one of Morris's meeting witness put to him the question whether be thought ha was acting rightly in coming forward and opposing such a well-known Liberal as Mr Deakln, knowing ho lmd not a ghost ot a show himself. Mnrris did not answer tho qnostion. One man asked Morris tho straight question, " Who paid your deposit monoy ?" Ha gavo nu account of how ho got tho money, John Graham, examined by Mr Cold hum, said ho wrote tlio letter signed by him in the "Age" on 19th Saptoinber, (Tho letter contained ono of the alleged libels.) Ho wroto aH prorident of tho Political Progressive Ltnguc, Ho held the stntament ho mado to bo true. To Mr Hotchin : You say in yourlettor that Morris comp'aincd in 1892 at ono of the moorings | >f the Icaguo that be re ceived no fund from tho league ? — Yes, 1 havo a ioitor in which hu huvh so. In tho Utter you nay that Morris took no interest in the P.P. Loaguo aftor tho election of 1892?— Yes, I say that. I never saw him there at the council incot- ings after the deloat. I havo a letter bore in which ho grumbles at tho lack of mono- tary assistance. The letter was handed up to his Honor und read by him. It stuted—4,At a meeting held on Doceinbor 2G, 1892, it was resolved that tbo T.C. should bo requested to givo a dofinito answor. to the followinirqueutions : Thatwhcroa4ha' member contndor wo woro shabbily treated nt tbe Inst ole'etion, inasmuch as wo were led to beliuvo that nil can didates selected by tho T.C. voto should bu treated alike with respect to fund. We find that Ibis is not tho caso, and wish to know what is tbo intention of yottr council. An answer in writing will obligo yours, Wm. Monms." Jilr Hotchin : Why were tho funds allotted in this way ? — We wero short of funds, aud resolved to epond what wo bod among our own candidates. John Thomson, carrier, of Flemington, examined by Mr Coldham, said ho hnd tnkon an intorcut in politics on tho Liberal side for soma years. IIo know Merris. After M'Cruokon eaiiio forward to oppoio Mr Doukin witnosi declined to have anything to do with Morris's candi dature. He took that course because ho frarod that Morris's candidature would injuro the Liberal vote. Crosi-sxauiined by Mr Hotchin : You regrotted tho oiroumstancos that led you to opnose Mr Morris ?— Vory tnuoh. Dia you not consider that Mr Deakin would loso tho advanced Libsral vote?— 1 placed no valuo eu tho . advanced Liberal voto.;,i : Deri't you valuo tho advanced Labor vote ?— No. I do not It Ib worked by a sorb of throcmiiors of Tooley stroat ; they do;(Ul't)ie .work. You stood forFootscray, didn't you ?— I did. And you hoped to chip in between two candidates iu ihs samn way as Mr Morris? — No ; I had always said that I would op poso John Haneock whorovor ho stood, and I was tho means of dofesting him at Oollingwood. -Ho knows tbat. Do you know Peter Houston? — Yes. Did you over say to Mr Potor Houaton that/ you would like to support Mr Drakiii, bub that he was coinplotely rotten?— No , 1 nover said suoh a thing. I oouldn't say it, I have contoitod ten elections, and hare always stood oh my own platform. THE REBUTTING CASE Mr Hotchin proposed to ca'il evidence to rebut tho plot of justification. Mr Purvcs objected that tho courBO could nut be pursued, but his Honor allowed it. Josiah Prout was called, and examiaed by Mr Hotchin. He said he kept the Newmarket Hotel at Newmarket He advanced part of Morris's deposit. In 1892 advanced tho wholo amount of L50. Ho then premised that be would advance port of the deposit for any subsequent elec tion. To Mr Pur m: Do you snpply all can didates who corao along with deposit money ? — No. . What aro your politics ? -Woll, thoy aro rather hard for rue to define. (Langhtor.) I suppose they aro Prontian ?— (Laugh ter.) I'routian.— Oh, you say ao. The landlord of tbo Newmarket Hotol ia a pretty sharp man I supposo?— You have to bo nmv-a-dayv. (Laughter). You ran Morris against Deakin ? — I didn't run him. But ho wouldn't havo run without you ? —I lent him some money. Why did you lend bun £50? — I pro- mined to lend him a fow pounds, nnd it wo greater thau 1 expoctcd. That's about it. (Laughtor.) You wero caught napping ?— A usual. (Loud laughter.) Worn tlmro any committ«es at your house ?— Yes, Morris'. ' M'Crackeu's?— No, not to my know- lodge. Not to yeur knowledge I Have you got a manager ?— Yes— my wife. (Loud laughter). You went on Jil'Cracken'a committee?— Yes. Which did you like best— M'Cracken or Morris? — Oil, there' not much to choose between liiom. Poor M'Cracken I Did you think it wivsyour duty as a member of M'Crac ken' committee to bolp him all you could ?— Yes. And therefore you holped Morris ?— That ia your way of putting it. (Laughter). Was it as a philanthropist that you lent Morris the money 7 —I had promised it. H. 1'. Jordan, Mayor of Es'undon, eaid hu took tho chair for Morris, but not be cause ho agreed with hi principle. IIo took the chair a mayor. Peter Houston, earner, said he urn present nt one of Morn' meeting when Mr Creighian put a question. Morris, however, did nut suy ho would rather support M'Cracken thun Deakin. At tho lOsNtndnn Town IIoll he heard Mr Morris say if tho working men would stick to him ho would be bound to get- in. Edward Hughes, rccallod, said ho did nor hear Morris say that ho would rather see M'Cracken get in than Dvukin. William Morris, thu plaintiff, was also recalled, and denied having used the words attributed to him as to preferring to sue Mr M'Cracken got in than Mr Doakin. Mr. M'ORACKEN'S EVIDENCE. Alexander M'Cracken was called and examined by Mr Hotchin. Ho eaid : 1 am a browor. I was a candidato ut the last election. It is said that thero wns some connec tion between you and Morris m reference to the last election ? — It is absolutely un true. It is said that he wsb a tool of yours. — Quit untrue. And that ho was making tbe running for you. What do you say to that? Mr 1'urvci : I object. Mr Hotchin : Had you anything to do with it?— Ho. Mr Purvcs (to witnons): I don't know what you aro here for. (Loud laughter). The learned counsel did uot examine tho witness. Mr Purvo then addrosBod tho jury for the defcnco. He said that to suppniie that this worn-out old war horso liko Murris was making thorunniug for a smart young man like Mr M'Cracken waaabsurd. tho whole cose wab, in fact, ridiculous. Gf course, any ono in this country had n right to stand for Parliament. He had doneithimiclf with disastrous results tohis own self-ostcom and pockot, (Laughtor.) Tho wholo ntery of the caso was absurd. Morris did not think Mr Dcakin was worthy to represent Essendon, though ho was a roan who lmd attracted nticution as an abio orator and a profound thinker. So Morris got the money from pour old Prout— probably after dinner. (Laughter). Mr Deakin ws one oi the fow real states men in tbo country. Thu hearing of tho case had not con cluded when tho Court adjournod 