? ^— ===== Union of the Churches. f TO THE KDITOIt, Sir,— I hoartliy reolprooato tho courteous tonoof Bov. Mr Folding's last loiter, Ho appears to mako a nourish of trumpots upon my having Inadvortontly quoted Hi, I'otor instead of St. Jnraos in tho wonlB, « It scorn oth good to tho Holy Ghost and to Us,' I wusalluillug In my letter t-i tho notion of tho Church from tho buKlnuing, in times of trouble or dlsqulut, In tho 15th ohaptor of tho Acts of tho Apostles, vorBBs ft, 0, and 7 ?wo Hud that St. Potor was the first of all the Apostles to speak In tho Council on tho subject of Olrouraolslon. In vorso 7 St. Petor «uys— ' Men, broth ron : you know that la former doysdod made ohnloo among us, that by mi/ month tho donUles should hear the word of Urn Gospol ami bellovo.' Horo, then, wo huve Putor iu tho very midst of tho Aposil--s nnd nnoionts, speaking first, and tolling tho assembly that by his mouth tho Oonllles wore u- rooelvo the faith. St. James Iho Apostle, being the first Dlshnn nf t.,,,,u™. lem, spoke tho final sontonci!, ' It Becmoth good,' etc. Tho Pilmncy of St. Petor is proved from other ttxtB of Holy Scripture j nnd in pnssmg I have referred to this text merely to bIiiiw that 8t. Petor wns in his placo nt thu llrst Council, though tho Rev. Mr Fielding could not find him there al all. And now, after thlscxplnnalorydlgresslon, whit can I jny in reply to a controversialist who tries to annlhllnto wholo pages of his tory— authentic nud proved history— with ono stroke of his pon, without even a word uf pronf for what ho slates? When In my first letter tracing tho origin of tho Romnn Catholic Church In England— first to tho Britons, 180 years after the Ascension of Our Lord, and secondly, to tho Snxons by Pope llregory— I he holy missionaries sent them by tho Pope being St. Augustine and his monks— my authorities are :— The Vonorablo Bede ; Pearson's History of England during tho Middle Ages (Protestant) ; Hallam's Con stitutional History of England (Protestant) ; the statutes .of HenryiVIII., Elisabeth, and of the following reigns; and tho common consent of all educated men, that Christi anity in England had no other origin but that which it derived from Rome. Will llov. Mr Fielding bo good enough to inform your readers when, how, and from whence Christianity wns introduced Into Englnnd, If not from tho Popes Elcuthcrius nnd Gregory; The Anglican Bishop of Melbourne some months back, when addressing his close relationship (first cousins, I suppose) between Anglicanism of tho present day and tho Primllivo Ohurch in England— or, in other words, with the EarlyBrltish Church. His Grace Dr. Carr, tho Catholic Archbishop of Melbourne, upon hearing tho statoment jocularly remarked :—' Surely tho Bishop must havo been juicing.' These remnrks called forth n lively controv-rry, nnd tho 'continuity theory,' or claim of Anglicans to havo any connection whatever with the doctrines, or the discipline, or teaching of the Early Church, has been completely threshed out ; nnd thus Anglicanism stands beforo the civilized world as it Ib, and as it alwnyswlll bo— tho creature of Henry VIII. and his saintly daughter Elizabeth. Regarding tho ' branch theory '—the metaphor of tho vino and branches is very plnln. 'I nm thn vine, you nro the branches,' holds good as long as tho branch is united to tho vine ; tho sap and life of tho plant or tree permeates all tho branches, till they are lopped off from tho trunk, In which caso the branch dies and If no longer a part of the tree. So It is with un Dbi.» uuiaiuu iliu v.umiit IIU1UU \JL LUG V/UU Church, with Its visible Head, the Pope of Home. Rev. Mr Fielding stales that (be Angllcnn Church reformed herself. It is an historical fact that up tn the day that Henry VIII. severed England from tho Holy See there was nn Anglican Church in exis tence. Cardinal Wolsey wns almost in dnily council with the King nnd his Ministers. The King himself and his court, nnd all the Inhabitants of tho country, had hud exactly the same fulth as the Oitholics of Scotland or Ireland; and then after the break up with Rome, tho true Reformation wns tnken up with n vengeance. Ail who did not ac knowledge the now ' Popo ' Henry, ns Hcnd of the Church In England, were, by tho terrible penal laws passed by a subservient Parliament, banished, or put Into prison or put to death on tho scaffold. It wus death to hold any communication with tho See of Rome; death to bo reconciled to the Catholic Church ; death for a priest to remain In the Kingdom ; death to all Catholics— / a, all the laity, tho mars of the pcoplo inhabiting the land who did not pay tho monthly fine of £20 for non-attendance at the Protestant service— and many cheerfully snffercd death, from Bishop Fisher and More, down to the lower grades of the people, rather than loso the faith taught and preached in the land from tho days of St. Augustine. Tho history of tho Reformation will have to bo ro-writtcn in order to set that period in England in its truo light. Noble-minded laymen in England are boldly confronting tbo bigotry and prejudices of tbo terrible past. Lord Roscbory, the Prlmo Minister of England, recently told tho House of Lords that Anglican ministers and laymen bad held possession for 1100 years nf tho lands and estates which truly were the property of tho Catholic pcoplo before tbe Reformation, and no ono could dare contiadlct him. A true Reformation mcanB an improvement, a cor rection ; but tho Reformation in England meant destruction to the old Faith of n thousand yo*rs, and death to nil who did not c«8t it nsldo and follow tho now toaohlng, which abolished tho mast, banished tho priesthood, altorod tho Faith In 'its very ciiencc, tho sacraments, oto., nnd tho supremacy of tho Father of all tho Faithful. Hero Is what Honry George, tho manly Socialist writer, says on tho Reformation !— ' It is high time that without any prejudice in fnvor of thnt Ohurch (tho R.C. Church) the nonsenso which has been foisted on to the public by men interested in suppressing the facts should bo exposed. It Is not truo thnt tho Ohuroh of our anrastora was tho orga'nlaod fraud which It milts futiatloa to represent It. It Is not truo that' tho monas torlos, priories, and nunneries wero mem receptacles for lawdnan. It Is not truo that tho revenues of tho cullhatu olorgy wero squandered nia rule In riotous living, As n more question of religion, Catholicism wub us good as any orecd which hits over found accuptaiiou among men. Thuru (In the Catholic Ohuroh) tho man of ability— who.out side nor palo, was Toroid to bow down boforo somo Norman llnrnn,whoso ruDlanly gang had formed part of William's marauders— oould rlBO to a position iu which this rough, uuloi torcd swaBhbuuklor grovelled buforo him, Ono Englishman, Pope Adrian tho Fourth, was a poor laborer's son.' Mr Hyndman, another writer of the samo school, sayB :— ' Ab to tho wholo Infamous plot, from tho beginning to tho ond (uieanlug tho destruo tion and confiscation of tho munastorles in England), It Is almost enough to say that thn heroes of tbo business wero Oranmor and Thomas Cromwell) tho victims, Moro and PlBhor ; nnd tho mannor In which our mlddlo class history has been written Is to white wash tho paudcrer nnd tho knave, and belittle thu patriot and philosopbor.' Apologising for this long letter— Yours, etc., M. O'Oallaouan. Burnle, Juno 5. 