HOW THE WORLD WAGS. By Touchstone. ' Birth' cries Major Pendennis. ' I like birth ; but damme, sir, I like a breweiy that brings in fourteen thousand a year.' The spirit of the immortal major would bave smiled, if soirits smiln had it been present at a brewery meeting I attended the other day. The record for the past h alf year was a dismal on e; but there was one bright spot, one taste of British bitter in the chair man's brew ; an English earl had visited the brewery and pronounced the beer 'excellent.' That straw berry leaves interwine with hops aB ermine does with gold mining, or genealogies with invoices I do not doubt, nor do I question that the earl was a splendid judge of beer ; but the average beer con sumer appears from the report of the chairman, to differ from the earl. ' Bid the noble earl take any thing else beside beer V asked one shareholder, who had throughout the meeting ° wanted to know, you know.' 'No!' said tbe chairman hastily ' he did not, nor was he ; invited to take shares.' ' Oh well!' said the loquacious one, ' there's i one consolation he has carried away ; a headache which all the bloaters in 1 Yarmouth will not cure !' | Mr. George Giffen's somewhat i naive and humorous confession made when responding to the health of his team over the parting glass at the finish of the late historical match, lt You will pardon me, gentlemen, but I had prepared a speech for winning,' reminds me that a man may be a great cricketer without being an orator. Now many prepare the 'winning speech' and find themselves ' out of it when the numbers go up.' It is a con. solation now-a- days to find someone who can do something else besides talk. Almost uny other pet of pubHc life, given the same opportunities would have flooded us with a torrent of commonplaces about the manifest destinies of federated crickct and much windy twaddle upon the ulti mate Testing place of' the oft dis turbed ' ashes.' Indeed we have heard so much this past week about cricket that we may sincerely hope that the ' ashes ' are at rest, if the average newspaper reader is not. Ever since 1746, however, it was thus, but in those days matches were played for £500 a side and no gate money. ' Defeat,' says an old writer of an All England Match at that time, ' was glory in such a struggle, victory made us only a little lower than angels.' These lines might have served as a text during Uie week for our sporting 1 scribes. The interest progressed daily, but everything is progression in crickct history— even the runs at times. The game of cross wicket antiquarians tell us has grown into cricket and it only remains now for tbe enthusiastic ' barrack er ' to grow like George Giffen in cricket and imitate him in speech. The action of one man in excitedly describing for a quarter of an hour 1./^.* t,An, „ caused an equally excited listener, who had tried in vain to wedge a word in sideways to ejaculate in disgust, ' If he stops to spit he's lost ?' During a cross-examination at the law-courts this week, Mr. Putyes quoted Mrs. Mellon, 'Georgie and Sissy,' and if what I hear is true, we have not heard the last of that Sydney seance. We have even in Frahran spiritualists advertising tbat tliey hold communication with 'spook' life and ' seek after fami liar spirits.' Spiritualism seems to me a singular misnomer, as there is no spirituality in the system at all ; for it is all materialism pure and simple applied to a spiritual truth. I count all spiritualists as humbugs, but I must cordially allow them the credit of producing no spiritualistic helL In Dr. Furness1 cheerful ' Book for the Young' we find several Hades set out with ghastly circumstantiality, amongst them be ing the ' Hell of lie Burning Bon net.' So judging hy the doctor's re-assuring doctrines the spiritualists have let us down light ; even if they deny us a candle during the per formance. Indeed Theodore Porker has gone so far as to write that 'there was, at all events, one good service the spiritualists had done, they had knoeked the bottom out of Sell.' To my mind a consoling, ae well as a refreshing belief, as the peculiarity of that terrible Pit of Avernus has generally been understood to be, like some of our public men, ' bottom less.' I cannot understand how anyone can persuade himself that his ancestors would fool about the legs of tables or scratch like a dog at a door at the bidding of even their relations, much less at tho call of a medium I have heard a 4 'half and half' called a *' medium.' but there are no 44 half and half' measures with peyehagogues with whioh to oon jure thirsty ancestors from the misty deep 1 The question of usury on the .part of certain Melbourne moneylenders, has been inquired into by the detec tives, and they are credited with making the astonishing discovery, that Shylock's spirit still walks muttering *? shentper shent.' Many a hard-up legatee - could have testified to the authorities without difficulty thatoft -their bond hasheen* a heavy one; but tbe majority : of borrowers know how they are ' being penalised before eigning.Jhe^ boml. The lunny part about the whole pro ce(5Un^' Oajtblit Wii portment now discovers that UBUiy is not illegal, the detective's time | has been wasted, and that the State i cannot help the debtors. Oannot tbe . New Woman right this ' as Portia j did of yore ? - ; ? : ; ? '????».) .«??.?: . ? s.'i i Giving yon this usury note )(b1eb ! there's no change -to reotitae 1) minds me of an -incident not: nn-* common nowadays as reganls the^ finish. Attlergtnan when about * to.:j hire a. man .-named Oaw remarked, that he was .astonished that the applicant's father had gone out ofi the way to give him a bad name ] when good ones were so plnnHful. i '? Sir !' 'replied' 'the man,'' father did: worse things thak l3thBi:*' : 'What werDthey?' askjadjthedivine. i ' Why' replied Cain, 'instead of lending at uBuiy , te oorrpypd/V '* Are you not aware' ,aaW minister, '. that lending va£ usury, would ^ave.lei him to everlasting, destruction ? ' But ^oirowiM' Baia Gun, 'led !him io gaol, and, «hep?. lie died-?'. ?? # We are nothing^ if n0t a 'pr6t»ci tivo country. We are hedged .in to be taken' the European epidemic of The /fop;as;jio-£dfr£btw{tRi£ one, just as Mr. Elleiy shut off 'Heth and XL,' tho8e~8torm spirits on Uie 'ran tan ' that Mr. Wragge shot at us with tropical venom, but I question if the doctors 'Will be gratified with and thank 'the 'Board (jf Health for thus protecting 4he community. - 1 have Seen : waiting to see an announcement' of a^forth coming deputation of medical men to protest against this manifest trespass upon their preserves The doctors do not obtain a fair -show. No sooner is thiere a hint at small pox than the germ laden ! pkttent is whisked away and every 'necessary precaution taken to stamp out tho disease.' - How can our paternal Government MmnmlA fJiMa a nfa with any pretence at consideration towards a respected body of savants. An enterprising butcher at Eitxroy offers a cow with well . developed tuberculosis for sale ' unfit to he slaughtered for human consump tion ' and he is straightway fined £20! And thin in a Christian country! How can doctors live if these things be permitted, to say nothing of the interference with the milk in dairymen's carts by over zealous inspectors? The plain fact is that an enterprising typhoid gerai or an inquisitive tuberculosis spat has not the ghost of a show with the authorities, nor a chance ! of making a ghost of anyone else ! j He tells the story himwglf with the I words- 'somewhat rough on me I old fellow, you know.' That, how ever, is his view, that of a loose fish.. His brother-in-law is a knight sans peur ct sans reprochc and meeting the loose one in Oollins-Btreet this week, and percciving his neoktic awry, said, suiting the action to the words, ' Let me fix your tie ; at least let us have something straight about you!' 