lite J tfa tine literii viort est. BARCALOffJErTUESDAY. DECEMBER 24rt895~ The Holy Day of Christ's Mass. IF Christmas did not represent a special season of holiday-making for the work-a-day people o£ the world we doubt whether the festival would mean anything more than the re ligious observance peculiar to other great events in the history of the Church. There is no particular reason why we should single out one day in the year to celebrate the birth of the founder of Christianity. Sincere Christians keep every day a holy day in memory of their Saviour; and we are very much afraid that millions of those who keep holiday at Christmas time seldom give a thought to the high and holy personage whose birth they celebrate. In the old country the holiday is quite a different ob servance to what we make it in Australia. Coming in the depth of winter, when hungry thousands are wandering about the big fl'iies house less, fireless, and foodless, the benevolent Christian thinks first of those thus situated, and his charity compels him first to provide for their comfort and pleasure that afterwards he may enjoy his own special Christ mas. Wc can picture the bright home, the glowing fireside, and the happy family gathered there to enjoy Christmas in hearty English fashion. It is an indoor gathering, a meeting of relatives and friends in the cosy inglenook, while the blustering north wind drives the snow against the windows, and carries on the storm the ghosts who make of England their happy hunting ground at Yule tide. # Perhaps the fashion has died out since we older colonists lived in the tight little island. The walk to church across the white, untrodden snow; the ancient edifice bedecked with holly and mistletoe; the healthy and vigorous appetite begotten of the long walk in the sharp air; the mountains of solid food consumed in the darkening afternoon; and the games of forfeits, ghost stories, romps and fun, lasting till towards mid night, are a few of the pictures of Christinas reflected in the mirror of memory. But people say these scenes are now only possible in the pages of the illustrated papers. That Christ mas is simply a winding-up of the year's business, and that sensible people take their holidays in the summer time, when they can enjoy them to the utmost limit of realisa tion. * # # * It is certain that in Australia Christmas comes just at that par ticular period of the year when mind and body are thoroughly in need of relaxation. The Queenslander, if he is fortunate emough to be entitled to a month's holiday, packs his bag, and is off post haste to a cooler clime and more pleasant surroundings. The less fortunate individual, chained to a business which demands all his time and attention, is perhaps restricted to one week at Christ mas ; hardly enough for a holiday far away from home. Yet a dip in the sea to the dried up dweller in the west is -north the sacrifice of a long train journey, and he keeps the spirit of the Christmas festival if ha recognises in the ocean waves "the voice of the great Creator that speaks in that mighty tone." # # # . * * But to many of us Christmas means only a brief respite from work and rest from exhaustion. The navvy on the railway, the digger in the opal mines, the fencer on the wide black soil plainB, and the printer at his case, can snatch but a day or two from the work which gives him his bread. He has only time to say his orisons at the shrine of the carpenter's son; to mix for a fleeting moment in the gaieties of the festival; and then return to toil. Who can blame then if he oversteps the bounds of prudence, and turns the carnival into a drinkofall, converting the holy season into a saturnalia of revelry. Every man has his parti cular form of pleasure ; the . most rational, enjoying it in their own way, which might seem a very unpleasant ahd stupid one to those of lesser wisdom. But whatever it may be; whether in the form of intellectual or physical enjoyment, in the carnal pleasures of good food and good liquor, or in the simple realisation of complete rest from labor; we wish to all our readers, old and young, rich, and poor, high or low Jt JEerrg Christmas attfc s Hoppir jHcto flear. 