UPPER BEACONSFIELD. BY TODEA AFRICANA. President Goff has the hearty congratula- tions of the majority of us on the event of his elevation to that .... by the members of the Berwick Shire Council. The manner in which he has .... filled the simple, yet sinecurial office as Councillor for the Riding is a ..... of what we may expect. One member of the Council is reported to have said that he hoped the new president, would not make too many jokes; certainly those who are best acquainted with the Goffian repe- toire, and the discretion with which it is dispensed to the privileged few, will hardly look upon such a con... as possible. Mayhap the gentleman in ques- tion has suffered the same in kind than less in degree than Oliver Wendell Holmes' footman, who, as we know, came to an untimely end through a surrepticious perusal of one of his master's side-splitting ... on its way to the printers— "Since when I never care to write, As funny as I can." Let the new president, always be.. such a dire possibility in mind, take h.. of grace and remember that whatever .. be the opinion of some of the most .. and reverend signors on the subject would be a great relief to the general pub- lic to find that the otherwise not too bilaterating proceedings of their local par- liament were occasionally relieved by a gleam of humor. As our friend the Vaga- bond hath it—"So mote it be." A fancy dress ball which is to take place at Berwick on the 2oth inst. is causing some slight commotion among some of our young people. We are the children of a larger growth, as someone somewhere has sapiently remarked, by looking into the "dim vista of the p.. I can see myself on such an occasion well! not perhaps exactly as others see me, but as I fancied myself—and I do fancy myself I can tell you. But it seems there cannot be the fun in any- thing where your adornment res... itself into a question of cash and a visit to a costumier, that is evolved abroad to where ingenuity in the adapatation of chance materials to hand is the ... factor in your debut. However, in these times and it these parts, a little ex- perience of the latter kind is like to .. the would be reveller of limited means .. good stead. Spring with its smiles and its tears and its occasional naughty tempers, is after the season which is to the lover of the country the most charming of all. ... we have not the great contrast between death and resurrection which is so pro- foundly impressive to the thoughtful ... in the old world, and even the new in the Northern Hemisphere. There, Nature seems veritably to give up the ghost which is laid to rest wrapped in a snow ... shroud. Here, on the other hand, it barely seems to doze—indeed it ... winter that we have some of her lovely handiwork in the exquisite Eparcis, commonly called Heath. But in spring she breaks into a dazzling bloom of splendour. The natural flower, the white blossom, in all its varied forms but .. to one colour in whatever varied show that may be presented, is surely just a ... of solidified sunshine with the perfume of Paradise, But even the wattle bloom cannot blind us to the beauties of the almond, the cherry, the plum and the apple. True to their traditions they somewhat reluctantly cast their leaves during the season which by courtesy we call winter, only to break out with a doubled vigour on the first p... excuse, as if to show their appreciation of the genial climate in which they can rejoice. Summer is the time when Nature takes her siesta, and "The flowers that bloom in the spring" have vanished before the furnace heat of the scorching north wind and during January and February any blade of grass that has a spark of life in him will keep it dark for fear of the proverbial fate of boasters. About the... of the latter month things are about ready for the Fire Fiend, who makes a clean sweep (though rather a black one) prepara tory to the lying of the new green .... It s a pity that our visitors select these barren time of all the year, when all is ... and lost and bare, and the most ... inclination is to lie on the broad of one's back, and mutter maledictions against the mosquito and the marchfly et hoc .... ne. But after all we may as well be ... to death in a natural way, as to be an... ered by the Dust or asphyxiated by the Drain Demon. 