Latest Kewa. Telegraphic.—The Gable Company has advised the telegraph authorities that the line from Gormen to Noumea has been interrupted ainoe 12.15 on Wednesday afternoon. The Elder Scholar of Mosio.—Mr. F. W. Kennedy has received from the Director of the Royal College of MuBic the progress report to December 31 last of the second term of his son, Mr. H. ^Tallage Kennedy, the Elder Scholar of Musie. The student's principal study is singing, and the aecond piano. As to the former, Mr. Visetti remarks that the pupil has a delicate voioe and will do well. Sir George Grove adds that the progress is good as regards singing, but he is not happy about the piano; the student must do more. The notes as to attendanoe, punotuality, and industry are satisfactory. Mr. Kennedy informed us that his eon is in splendid health, Parkslue Lunatic Asylum.—On Tueaday evening the Maaootte Amnteur Company gave the inmates a very enjoyable oonoert. Mr. S. Sollis presided at the piano. Mr. F. Bromley's club-swinging was muoh admired, and various duets, oomio aongs, and negro representations by Messre. Fraser, Newitt, Steven-on, Fuller, and Dring elioited much applause. Miss L Ewars contributed songs, which were rendered with much feeling. The fanes of " Hiring a Oook" and "Ghoste" were played with great spirit, and enjoyed with much gusto by the •udienoe. "God save the Queen," tang by the whole company, concluded a successful performance. Executive Council.—A meeting of the Exeoutive Counoil was held en Wednesday. His Excellenoy the Lieutenant-Governor attended, and the only Ministers present were the Ohief Secretary (Hon. J. H. Gordon) and the Commissioner of Public Works (Hon. J. G. Jenkins). F$DiBATioir.—At the Australian Premiers' Oonleronce yesterday federation was advanced another step, the draft Bill prepared by Mr. Kingston and Mr. Turner, providing for the eleotion of a papular Convention lo frame a /Federal Constitution, being agreed to. The New Mail Cohtbaot.— the Postal Conference in Ho bar» yesterday Sir John Forrest euooeeded in carrying bis motion to the effect that as soon as safe and commodious harbour accommodation is provided at Fremantle it sbould be compulsory, under the new mail oontraot, that the steamers should oall at that port; that mail steamers arriving at Fcemautle or Albany should remain in the port eix hours at least; and that the steamers should leave Adelaide on the homeward trip on Saturdays. Dr. Cockburn opposed the motion, beodpse the olosing of the mails at Adelaide on Jsaturday mornings would be inconvenient to looal bankers and merchants. Audlt SajrFBAGE Bill.—The question has been raised wnether a woman married to an Asiatio and residing in the Northern Territory would be entitled to reoord her vote under the Adult Suffrage Bill. Under ordinary oircumstanoes a «voinan accepts the domioiie of her husband upon marriage, and as all Asiatics iu the Northern Territory are debarred from' voting by Aet of Parliament it is argued that she would not be entitled to have her vote registered. The Returning Officer for the movinoe(Mr. W. R. Boothby, O.M.G.), however, is of opinion that the words of the Aot whioh set out the necessary qualification are ample, and that if the woman bs a "natural born Bubjeot" she would be entitled to all the privileges of the suffrage. The Water and Sewer Ratjcs.—On enuiry of the Commissioner of Waterworks and §ewers on Wednesday we ascertained that the assessment for the water and aewer rates for the oity this year is that whioh has bseu adopted by the Corporation of Adelaide after allowing for all appeals. For the water distriots outside of Aaelaide the Government make the assessment themselves upon the value of property. Last year the Oity Corporation refused to adopt the assessment made by their valuator, but the Waterworks Department accepted it, and the Commissioner says that they have followed the usual practice this year. PcbUO Tenders.—The Supply and Tender Board have received five tenders for the supply of 1,250 indiarnbber washers, the tender of John Slater & Co., of Melbourne and Adelaide, being the lowest. For the twenty - eight jarrab piles required for Robinson Bridge. Port Adelaide, tbree tender* have been received, that of MoLean Brothers & Rigg, Limited, being the lowest. Exhibition at Amsterdam,—It is intended to hold a " World's Exhibition of Hotel Equipment and Travel Facilities" in Amsterdam, under the patronage of the Queen- Regent of the' Netherlands. It will open on May 1, and wili close on November 1 next. Its objeots are classified under sixteen heads, and comprise food and cognate industries, health, lighting, heating, furniture, architecture, gardening, means of transport, &o.; The grounds of the Exhibition will cover 160,000 square metres, and the building 30,000 square metres. Lectures and congresses on matters connected with the objeots of the Exhibition will be held daring the summer, and crosses of honour in gold, silver, and bronze will be awarded by an inter-' national Jury. Intending exhibitors should immediately apply to Renter's International Agency, Limi'ed, 359, Collins-street, Melbourne, who have been appointed offioial I agents for Great Britain and the colonies, and from whom full information may be obtained j a* to the charges for space, &c.; The agency | will undertake on behalf of exhibitors to receive, unpack, and inetal exhibits, and arrange for sales at the Exhibition, and at ite close to dttmaneie, repack, and dispoee of the goods acoording to instruotions. The Exhibition would seem to afford an opportunity for vignerons, exporters of wood for furniture, paving blocks, and others to bring their goods under publio notice in Holland, where w<> understand there is a considerable dearth of suitable and durable timber, and regarding whioh the Consul-General for the Netherlands has already been in communication with hia Government. GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS.—The tender of Messrs. Shierlaw & Co., Hindley-etreet, has been accepted for the supply of uniforms for the next three years to the non-oommisBioned officers and • men of the Permanent Force, Cavalry, Artillery, Infantry, Maohine-gun Corps, and Signalling Corps, all being branches of the Militia Farces. H.M.S. Curacoa.—This war vessel has been waiting at Albany for the arrival of her relief—H.M.S. Pylades—upon the station before proceeding further en her voyage. The Pylades having reported herself at Thursday Island, Admiral Bridge telegraphed on Saturday to Captain Gibson to proceed upon his journey, and the Ouracoa left Albany on Sunday morning. H.M.S. Royalist.—Commander James E. C. Goodrich, who has been in command of H.M.S. Royalist on the Australian Station sinoe her commissioning on May 9, 1893, bas been promoted to the rank of post-captain iu Her Majesty'e fleet. Captain Goodrich was employed for some years as transport officer at Alexandria, and was promoted to commander's rank on June 30, 18S8. H.M.S. Rikg&booua.;—'This vessel arrived at Albany from Viotor Harbour on Saturday after an uneventful passage. The Cable Guarantee.—It was intimated yesterday at the Postal Gonferenoe sitting in Hobart that Sir John Pender(the Chairman of the Eastern Extension Telegraph Company) had agreed to accept the proposal of the n- ferenoe for a reduction iu the guarantee, provided that an agreement, to be in force till 1£99, were entered into. Bristling with Armour.—The Admiralty have definitely decided upon the manning and arming of the two new cruisers Powerful and Terrible. Each will carry a crew of 894 officers and men, a number considerably in excess of that of any battleship afloat, vessels of the Royal Sovereign type, the largest ship afloat in commission, carrying a compliment of 739 offioers and men. The armament of the Powerful class will consist of two 9"2-inch breeohloading wins, twelve 6-inch quiokfiringr, sixteen 12-pounder 12-cwt. guns, one 12-pounder 8-awt. boat's gun, one 12-pounder 8-owt. fieldgun, twelve 3-pounder Hotobkies quiokfiring guns, and nine Maxim machine guns. The torpedoes supplied will be twenty Whitehead for use with submerged tubes, four of whioh will be built into eaoh vessel. Naval Shall Absis.—The Admiralty have decided to equip she seamen and marines of the Royal Navy with the Lse-Mitford rifle in lieu of the Martini- Henry arm, which has been in use for some years. The exchange will take some time to make, it being estimated that 1897 will be reached before it is completed. Victorian Clerk op Parliaments.—Mr. G. H. Jenkins, C.M.G., Clerk of the Victorian Parliaments, who has been on a visit to Western Australia, called in at Adelaide on bis way back to Melbourne, for whioh city he left on Wednesday afternoon. He was at Parliament House during the afternoon in company with the Ohief Secretary. Archbibhop O'Reily. — Mr. D. Young, Distriot Secretary to the Hibernian Australasian Catholio Benefit Society, on Tuesday afternoon, February. 5, telegraphed to His Grace Archbishop O'Reily thus: — "The District Offioers on behalf of the Hibernian Society extend sincere oongratulations upon your selection to the Archbishopric of Adelaide.'* Dr O'Reily has always manifested thegxeatest interest tn the Hibernian Society. Freights fob Produce.—A reduction m ooean freights is juat as essential to the producer as a redaction in railway freights {writes the Australasian], The latter will no doubt come in due course, and the former is now receiving attention. The Minister of Agriculture, in accordance with a decision of the Cabinet, i< having a form of advertisement drafted by the Law Department for insertion in English newspapers inviting tenders from Shipping Companies for the carriage of all classes of Victorian produce. Mr. Taverner is sanguine that keen competition will be excited by this step, and that producers wilt get the benefit of a substantial reduction in freight charges. Codlin Moth.—At the mealing of the Central Agricultural Bureau on Wednesday Mr. W. C. Grasby stated that apple; and pears badly affected with codlin moth were being freely and widely distributed through the markets and auctions, and oases containing these fruits had been mixed and distributed among the fruitgrowers. He could go to twenty or more places in Adelaide where this was being done. He moved that the Bureau draw attention to the fact that fruit iufeated by codlin moth was being offered for sale, and recommend thai full publicity be given to the stringent regulation on the subject, after whioh that die regulation should be strictly enforced. This was carried. Tee Agricultural College.— < he present session of the Roseworthy Agricultural College, olosing the College year, will end to-day. The students have been busy lately with their sessional examinations. There will be no formal break-up this year, as under the new arrangement of extending the course to three years no student has completed his course, and consequently no diplomas will ba presented. It is satisfactory to Jesrn that all the atudentB, numbering nineteeo, will return after the holidays. This is a unique experience in the history of the College, and is proof, if proof be needed, of ths popularity of the institution. The Vise Hawk Mora.—The Centra- Agrioulturai Bureau has received from Petersburg specimens of the c&terpillar; of the vine hawk moth, which seems to be spreading rapidly in some parts of theoolony. Large numbers have been taken off a single vine. When many get on a vine they eat all the leaves. Seeing that its natural enemy has not yei been introduced, it is possible that the oaterpillar moth may become a serious pest in South Australia. TAT Art Easel Club.—I'dE SUMMER tizlxt bition of that vigorous young institution the Art Easel Club will be opened this afternoon in the Jubilee Hall at 3.30 by Hie iSxcellenjy the Lieutenant-Governor (Hon. S. J. Way), who will be received by Hia Worship the Mayor of Adelaide and a number of other prominent citizens. There are about 300 works of arc on exhibition, principally watercoloure, and taking them ail round th«-y show "progress in the art of counterfeiting nature and interpreting her various moods—wiifui, pathetic, dignified, and forbidding. There are some superior landeoapes in oils anJ watercoloure, a lew 4XC«Uent flower studies, and a number of effective sea pieces and river soenei. The portraits ars limited in number, but there is more than one highly meritorious study of the human, form divine. The Exhibition ia free to the public, and will be carried on till February 28, the Art Easel Club being actuated by a love of art and not lucre. The Australian Gold Recover^ Com V4NY, Ljhited.—The Financial Times for Deoember 29 publishes a report of the annual meeting of tlie Australian Goid Recovery Company (MacArthur-Forrest process}, held in London on December 28. Mr. R. Smith, J. P., who presided, stated that the conservative spirit of the Australian miner and the depression which prevailed iu the colonies had prevented the MacArtbur-Forrest prooess ' being so extensively adopted as had been j anticipated, but yet it waa making headway ] and achieving most aatistautory results. Iu South Australia the Company had at the Virginia Goldinining Company'* works the process, giving excellent returns, .the laet being from 340 tons an extraction <fr 319 oz., and the New Milo Gold Company were arranging for the erection of a 30<)-ton plant, which would shortly be in operation. The Government demonstration plant at Mount Torrens was givicg an extraction of about 91 per cent, ou ores treated, and proving a useful ally, enabling mineowners to have bulk quantities tested by the prooete, and whioh would, no doubt, lead to further contracts with the Company. Particulars were given of the Company's large and growing business with Queensland goldmining Companies, and of operations in Victoria and New South Wales. Much was expected from the Western Australian geldfields. The Chairman stated that financially the Company had uot done badly during the year, as, with the exception of the neoessary writings off—plant, £1,423 16s. 2d.—they had held their own as agamec the previous balance-loss of £8,312 19s. $d. Diseases of Vines.—The risk which is run in permuting vinegrowers to introduce cuttings, roots, and even eeeds into Victoria witbout the authority of the Government experte, and without having given preliminary notice to she vitioultural authorities, is ably pointed out by a correspondent of the Argut. He states that iu 1873 M. Maxima Cornu noted the oidiuin in France, and the English entomologist, Mr. Westwortb, described the phylloxera iu 1863. M. Cornu noted it iu 1881 and 1882. M. Prillieu warned France of the fungus of mildew (mycelium), which in forty-eight hours in Rouesillon ruined the grape crop of 1885. The loss in 188tj amounted to £46,000,000 in France. In 18K4 M. Prillieu found the blaok rot on grapes sent irom St. Louie (Missouri), and the French experts, Viala ytnd Ravaz, found the disease on the Herbeffiont and Labrueca varieties from America. Vines have some diseases still unknown whioh are as dangerous as the phylloxera and the perouospora vitioola. 