[?] Tl^ foye'man o£ t]^tuyjfii the Bean poisoning' -case has informed a newspaper interviewerHihat it writhe p^oner's own evidence that really cbnyicfced him. He has also explained that tbe Jozy was not influenced by the Bumming up of the judge, and that the one juryman, who stood out so long against a conviction: believed fiie prisoner was guilty, but didn't wish the man to be hanged. The Local Government BLU will be fur ther considered in committee of the As sembly to- day if the Dean case doesn't hang on too long. There is likely to be another protrafcted and angry debate oyer the amendment of the Treasurer to exempt existing municipalities from land value taxation. The Dean poisoning case is likely to .be brought before the notice of the Assembly . under a motion for adjournment. Some hair-standing revelations have already been promised by the member for West Macquarie. An exhibition of curios, &c;, in aid of the funds of All Saints', Parramatta, will be opened to-morrow in the Town Hall in that town by Mr. James Burns, of Burns, Philp, and Company, who is himself a large contributor. Some very rare articles have been received. . ' The annual session of the Grand Lodge of Good . Templars was continued this morning. The session was occupied by tb.e installation of the officers elected last night. A lad named Evans, of.Po&to;, wasMlled at Geuri Eaces, near Wellington, on Mon day. He was riding in a race, when the horse ran off the couree, the lad being thrown against a tree. ' e A meeting of persons desirous of having the Dean poisoning case re-opened is announced ior to-morrow evening, to be held in the Centennial Hall, Walker-street, North Sydney. *AU sympathisers with the convicted man and believers in his innocence are invited to attend. The chrysanthemum show of the Horti cultural Society will be opened by Mrs. Hutton at the York-street Skating Rink to-day. The band of the New South Wales Ar tillery Regiment, under the direction of Band-sergeant J. McCarthy, .will (weather permitting) perform the following pro gramme of music in the Botanic Gardens this afternoon,, at 3 o'clock: 1, Overture, 'Hungarian,' Bela; 2, valse, 'Wiener Tonfarben,' Fakrbach. ; 3, selection, op. ?' Beatrice di Tenda,' Bellini ; 4, para phrase, * Lorely,' Nesvaaba; 5, selection, *? Faust up to Date,' Lutz; 6, glee, ' Lo, here the Gentle Lark,' Bishop; 'God Save the Queen.' The Paddington branch of the Hospital Saturday Fund will hold their annual meeting at the local Lown Hall this after noon. *' Modern Ghosts and Spiritualism ' will form the subject v of the Eev. H. B Haweis's farewell entertainment in the School of Arts to-night. The lecture will be illustrated by unique lantern slides. The annual conference of the Manchester Unity Order of Oddfellows at Bundaberg on Tuesday rejected a motion in favor of female lodges. At the Hillgrove Police Court on Tues day Patrick Mahony, charged with inde cent assault on a girl 10 years of age, was committed for trial. At a nieetisg of the Bathurst A., H., and P. Association it was pointed out that the decision arrived at last wee! prohibit ing ladies from riding in the Hunters' Plate could sot be enforced. Boiling-down works on an extensive scale are about to be established in Wilcannia by the Menindie Boiling-down Company. Diphtheria is again prevalent in Cowra, At the Moruya Municipal Council meet ing Alderman James Graham Love was unanimously elected Mayor for the en suing municipal year. The traffic on the Brisbane suburban railway lines during the Easter holidays shows a marked increase as compared with last Easter. On May 24 and 25 1 pulling handicap takes place at Nelligen. Most of the well-known scullers intend contesting, the prize being £50. The ex-champion, Beach, will be umpire; and Mr. A. Chapman, M.L.A., will be judge. Canon Whitington has been appointed Archdeacon of the diocese of Hobart. The Australia, which left Hobart for London via Melbourne, took about 11,000 cases of fruit and 100 tons of silver ore. Mr. Parry, sen., an old resident of Coramba, near Bellinger, was found dead near his residence on Tuesday. A magisterial inquiry is being held into the cause of a fire at Cooney Creek, near Hillgrove. The evidence so far points to its being the work of an incendiary. Sab-inspector Webb leaves Wilcannia. to-day to take charge of the Broken TTill Station. His successor is Sub-inspector LeboutUlier, from Maitland. ' E. W. Isaacs, formerly teller of the Bank of New South Wales at Georgetown (Q.), was charged at the local court on Tuesday with embezzlement and acquitted. Mr. Justice Noel said that it was the most corrupt verdict ever delivered by a jury in Queensland. Isaacs was arrested after acquittal on another charge. Six men who -were behaving in a riotous manner at Walsh's Inn, HosMngtown, on Tuesday night, were put out by Mrs. Walsh. As the door was locked on them they used fearful language, kicked down the door, and^broke the hotel -windows. During last week the following ship ments of coal were made from the port of Bellambi: Mount' Kembla 220 tons, Curra jong 564, Annie Bow 378, Egmont 647, Currajong 500, Wendouree 593, Herga 256, Ourrajong 281 ; total, 3439 tons. The Victorian railway revenue for the week ended April 11 shows an increase of ,£2918, compared with a. corresponding week of last year. Mr. E. H. Francis, late acting-chairman of the Victorian E^Hway Commissioners, died at his. residence, Elsternwick, on Tuesday. : ~ , At the Adelaide Police Court an old man named Oliver Warren was committed for trial, charged with a criminal offence: His daughter, Bertha, aged 19, gave evi dence against him. ^ Dress Stuffs : Homespuns, Serges, Beiges, and' Cashmeres, every color, very cheap, at 'Wilson's, in Pe'vonshirc- it.-1-©. »? SatronHcif the Terpsiehorean , Ar t are re minded^that : Jlprdern Broth|ri^?;Pittrstreet, . are making Specialite Ifeess ^SjM$8|t»'.!jmi^nTe .lori^our^Guinjeas^. .Perfect fitf^giora^^alai— -) Sohn's Li^iifaiing Care, recommended lor. cnts7f1?rMaes, burns, bloodpoigbninglinnani xoation J^nd old sores. Agents, 52 Margaret 'jBti Sydney. AllBtorekeepera.— 0. ''?'' '^?^.';; ; }'.^oin^^^x:^^^^'iAJm at S. ?^0»'a&\--fefi^~.;v:.-/w»Mfc^\:VVj:^ ?? . ^ ' 