JOURNALISM IN THE ! SIXTIES. ! In an article on .. Ixindon Pen and Gown in the Sixties and since," contributed to the "Fortnightly Review," Mr. T. H. 8. Esoott refers to the "Tomahawk." " Mr. Arthur a Beckett's inventive mind," be pays, " found fresh scope for employment io launching an entirely new literal? enter prise, the " Tomahawk." Jurt now this journal deserves epecial mention, because, in a degree not eecond to the " Owl,' it foreshadowed a species of newspaper which of late yean has been cultivated with marked success among ut. Eliminate the purely aesthetic element, then a thing un dreamed of, from Mr. Harry Fnrnis*'* newest venture, and a fait idea may bo formed to-day of what the " Toma hawk " was. The seniatfon pro duced by it during its brief career was doe mainly or exclusively to the continued la boors of Mr. k Buckott with his pen, and of the late marvellously clever draughtsman, Matt Morgsn, with bis pencil. The initial issue took place shortly after the miscarriage of the Mexican ex pedition, dealing, as it did, a fatal blow m the prestige of the second French Empire. ' Thou canst not say I did it,' was the legend under the cartoon in the first number-the picture representing the ghost of the murdered Maximilian; the words proceeding from the lips of the liorior atricken Napoleon the little. Nor was the leading illustration in the second instal ment of this print less |K>werful, the subject being the return from the Derby in n couch which WHS driven by Apollyon. The prematuie end of the Marquis of Hastings ient just then h epecial sigiillicnuce to the artist's work, and the lew pungent linos of Arthur 4 Heck ell's li'tlerprcM accompanying it. A'-xu ciuleil nilli Arllull H Keckelt in Uie " TuniHlmtvk was the lute Fiauk Mar shall. Miln itemed tn have educated liimwoU ?in ilie dramatist* uf the Kesturnii'm, with lil.emry results sometimes impressive, at ollirrt purely tlioll. Thestafl also included . Ik* present member for King'* l.jmi, Mr. T. (i. Howies, who subscqueui ly ill his nun " Vimiiy I air" develo|ieil some of the idea* in ulilcli (he "Tomahawk"abounded ; t'H|itnin Allied Thompson, e\rlrn^<imi ami artist, nlio some years afterwards in the " Mnsi;'' utiticiputed uncntisciuusly much of the peculiar kind uf literary or arti-tio wit nwl humour presented tu the public now. This literary child of the 11 Toma hawk," a* the " Musk" wa», nigiiulieed for tiie tiret time the pervading I>njni]nrity nf the I Iipai re, and, outside the journals of the 1 prufewiuii,' was the cn/lisi print that made it a point to encourage anil to aupply <fc« histrionic appetite of the general pub tic. What were then the distinctive (.stares of Alfred Thompson's Journal an to-day recognised si inaipenuble in all WMW candidate* lor popular favour. I 