ECHOES AND RE- ECHOES. A SOLILOQUY. ]By Mopoke.] When the gold lace and feathers had gone, and the men who wear them had done likewise, when the corridors and committee-rooms were deserted, and the sil&nce; which followeth Prorogation had sot in, I wandered thoughtfully among the empty benches thinking of the ghosts of slaughtered innocents. I looked into the refreshment-room and noted the desolation there, showing that the departing M.P.'s had taken all the bar had to give while they had the chance, knowing, they might never again enter the precincts of the edifice devoted to personalities and bluff. I was about to leave the, bar when I fancied I saw a shadowy form pensively walking towards the entry of the Assembly-room. Looking more closely, I discerned features strongly resembling many of the members of the late Parliament, but the likeness was so general that it was difficult to say whether Labour members. Country Party, Opposition, or the Ministry predominated; there was a little of each, some line, some shadow, or some. trick of expression seemed to suggest at least one of almost eveiy shade of opinion. I followed the apparition into the chamber, and watching and listening intently heard it give vent, after striking an attitude of thoughtful sorrow which would have done credit to Irving in his representation of Cardinal WcJsey, to the following soliloquy:— Farewell, along farewell to all my greatness. Thin Js the state of man; to-day he puts forth Tender leaves of promise to electors, To-morrow blossoms out a foil M.P., And bears unblashingly his honours on him. The third day comes a general election, And when he thinks, good easy man, foil surely His greatness will become o-ripe, and soon he, Being re-elected, will attain honours Of office—a nipping frost sets in among Those who before were watm for his support. And he gets left, as I wilL I have dallied, like small boys dirty-laced, who fly their kites On changing breeze, now pulling in the string. Now letting the white-wing'd lifeless aeronant Drift where it will, knowing full well, if hut T{ie' string snaps not, back to him may again be drawn The errant toy. So have I played my game, and loosed or tightened the string, as seemed to me Best s^frod the interest in which I stood— My own. Out of my misfortunes let others Tafee a lesson tor their good and for the State's, Fling away desire for offifce by that sin The best of mankind, ere now, have favour lost. Love your own interest last, so that the State, To which yon stand pledged upon your sacred oath, May have the best of you. They who honestly And with pure purpose oppose your views, love them; Self- serving winneth not more than honesty. Still cany on thy tongue words of gentle peace, To still the quarrelling of other men, Aod not thyself mix up in unseemly squabbles. Let all the Bills thou tryest to pass be those Whereof the passing may better make the lot Of all, and not thine own particular class. Then, if thou art not re-elected, the fault Is in the electors, not within thyself; And thou wilt not have need to cry as I do, "Had I served my comstitu'nts with half the zeal With which I served myself, I should not now so Tremble at the thought of next election time. My hopes within these walls to longer dwell Are gone for ever—Parliament, farewell V 