Packs and. Roomers. jFine weather. Turkish oppression. Stock sale next Tuesday. Rise in the piice of wool. 'Terrible sufferings in the bush. A case of leprosy in Sydney. Three weeks on damper and flour. Good news for our copper industiy. A lot of uew books at the local Institute. Is your liaise on the roll jl If not, hurry ,ap 1 The " old members" a.t Georgetown to night. Our new Governor will be he, re this month. Discovery of diamond? A? Western Aus tralia. Dr. Pasteur tje great French scientist, is dead. Russia increasing her army very consi ,derably. Gladstone Cricket Club meeting next Monday. The Farmers' Union in a state ot activity. Lord Lamington to he to Governor of .Queensland. M. Pasteur, the eminent French scien tist, is dead. Mr. J. E. Taylor, another prominent scientist is dead. A second telegraph has to be construct- to Western Austialia. Two Englishmen murdered and eaten in the Solomon Islands. Mr. C. Drew has given £100 to the Home for Incurables. A happy event will take place in Glad stone circles shortly. Further outrages on Armenians in the .streets of Constantinople. Air. jZimmerman, the champion cyclisc ,of the world is in Adelaide. Them was a good attendance at the Qrrorpo Show on Wednesday. District Council of Port Germein rate £<?r ensuing year, 6d. in the £. Caltowie District Council rate for the ensuing year Is. 6d. in the £. Russia intends to amass 90,000 men at Wlad.ivistock before the spring. Northern Schools' Exhibition at Laura on Friday next. Don't miss it ! A lunatic in Staffordshire murdered three men and then committed suicide. Mr. hfichael Davitt is now on his way (ho visit the West Australian goldfields. The case of George Dean still occupy ing the attention of the legal fraternity. A man named Nathaniel Lucas died suddenly near the Burra on Sunday last. A Spanish cruiser has been wrecked by torpedoes which had been laid down by her. We trust that the old members will be returned at the fon hcouiing general elec itions. Dr. Carr, of Port Pirie, was married the other day to a sister oi the Chief Sec retary. Lieutenant-Colonel Sir Waiter Wilkin lias bpen . appointed Lord Mayor of London. The State Advances Bill, so far as it affects the Savings Bank, has fallen through. The farmers in the neighbourhood of Willowie mustered strongly at their an aual Show. John Wilson has been sentenced to .fleam ip. oyaney ror cne accempteu muraer of another man. The beautiful Mrs. Langtry claims £40,000 from the Union Bank for the loss of her jewels. The Right Rev. Chauncey Aaples, Bishop of Central Africa, has been .drown ed whilst bathing. Tho Gladstone Friendly Societies' are attracting a good deal of atten tion from athletes. Shearers have been on strike on some of the stations in the south-east. Their places were speedily filled. The attaches of Lord Rrassey's suite are surprised to learn that Australians go in for cycling. Just fancy ! The members of the W.C.T.U. are mak ing matters warm in connection with the .drink traffic at Port Pirie. Alt. Scherk, AC. P., is a stickler for the .civil servants. But then his constituency abounds in them, don't you see. A young woman employed by Alessra. J. T. McLean & Co., of Adelaide, died suddenly in the shop on Tuesday last. The part of the State Advances Bill dealing with the Savings Bank has been cut out by the Assembly. (Hear, hear.) The Kingston Government has not added to its popularity by its action in connection with the Public Salaries' Rill. L'vid Brassey's suite has arrived. The new Governor of Victoria with his wife is expected to follow shortly in their yacht Sunbeam. Alessrs. Geo. Alilbank and F. Gurney have encountered some thrilling experi ences on their journey from Wilgena Sta tion to Coolgardie. The chief engineer of the Protector has gone to England to superintend the con struction of the lifeboat generously presen ted to the colony by Mr. R. Barr-Smith. A prize of one guinea offered for the best definition of ' life' has been awarded for the following definition: "Life — A trial trip before the launch into eternity." A ghost at Hindmarsh, whose breast is ornamented with a coffin lid. A well known medico is reported to have horse whipped the "apparition" the other night. Examiner (to graduating medical stu dent)— ff Jf yon should make a mistake and give a patient an overdose of tarter emetic, what would you do ? Student — ?' Try to square the coroner. Airs. Abrahams has petitioned for the release from gaol of her son Louis, whose life, she alleges, is endangered by incarcer ation It is needless to say the Govern ment has refused to entertain the applica tion, l. . -i. : 