A Grim Comedy. THE FIRST TRIAL BY SAMOA. JURY IN [Written expressly for the Telegraph.] [BY A.R.F.J.] " Now mind you say Not Guilty.' 4 You Savee ?" A poor miserable wretch of a China- : man was cowcring in the corner of a dark dismal damp cell of the Calaboose at Apia, the chief town of the island of Upolu, in the Samoan group, the seat of Government of His Majesty Malietoa Laupepa and the residenoe of the British, German and American Consuls who looked after the interests of the European -population in the islands. The treaties which had been entered into between these powers and the SamoanB in 1879 invested the consuls with power to deal with offences committed within a certain radius of the village, termed the municipality, whether by natives or Europeans; but outside this district the king and his parliament dealt with all crimes " against the Statute, in that case made and provided" perpetrated by any individual Belonging to any other nationality than those mentioned above. At tho tim9 of which I write the statute book was not enoumbered with many useless Acts, indeed it would have been rather a difficult matter to obtain a copy of any act supposed to be in force, even Vy searching the royal archives. However, Malietoa determined to follow English law as far as possible and one law that was adopted, though whether an act was passed to that effect or not, is doubtful, was that so dear to all Englishmen—trial by jury. The Chinaman, to whom the opening words of my story were addressed, had been arrested, some months previous to my arrival in Samoa, on a charge of shooting a native girl, of whom he had, with or without cause, become exceedingly jealous. On his arrest by the Samoan authorities he had appealed to the American consul tor protection stating that he was an American subject. The only evidence he could bring forward to substantiate this claim, however, was the fact that once he had been a cook on a vessel fl.ying the American flag. An ordinary individual would hardly have thought that this would give him the ghost of a right to citizenship of that Almighty nation ; but consuls are not ordinary individuals and always jealously guard the rights or supposed rights of their countrymen. The result was that the matter was referred with all due formality to the authorities at Washington for their decision. For a period of about six months, during which timo no doubt the leading authorities of the United Statos carefully and diligently considered the momentous question ,the prisoner was kept in the build - ing usedas a gaol in the municipality and Was let out during the day to weed the streets, bask in the warm sunshine and occupy himself as best he pleased on the distinct understanding that he returned in the evening to be duly locked up which he invariably did. However, the end was approaching, for one day a lengthy official document arrived stating with all due solemnity that the greatest nation on earth repudiated the lowly Chinaman, would have nothing to do with him in faot, and abandoned him to his fate. He was to be handed over to the Samoan Government to dispose of as they thought fit. There was a great stir in the little village as soon as the contents of the communication became known, both among the native population and tho whites. Expectation was on tip toe. There was to be a trial by jury—the first in the land—and for murder too. When would the case be tried ? Who would be the judge? How would the jury be chosen? These and like topics were eagerly discussed by excited little groups for at least one day; the enervating effect of the climate prohibiting further exertion in such a direction. The authorities, however, were not Iom in making up their minds. Pro. bably they had made them up long befpre, for you may be sure, such an important event as the likelihood of a trial by jury had been carefully discussed during the interval between the arrest and the arrival of the despatch handing over the victim to their tender mercies. So it\ was at once decided that the jury was to be a mixed one, consisting one half of native Samoan s and the other half Qf Europeans and the trial was fixed to ta^e place in a couple of days. Th?re was one lawyer resident in the place* In what out of the way spot on this globe is there not ? He had been retained to defend the prisoner by the Chinese inhabitants who, though they seemed to care very little about the fate of their countryman, thought it necessary to theie dignity and standing in the community that he should have the benefit of counsel. The prosecution was to be conducted by the magistrate of the municipality at the special request of the king, the magistrate being the only person whom they could gpt who knew anything about the procedure of a court of law. The fateful day arrived. A lovely morning bright, calm and peaceful, the heat of the tropical sun tempered by the cool breeze of the trade wind which was so gentle as hardly to cause a ripple on the bos<jm of the azure waters of the reef bound bay. A morning to saunter slowly t|nder the shade of the tall palm and dream—build castles in the air, at peace yrith all the world—a morning when 'twas good to be alive. But in the ^village «11 the male population was astir moving hnrriedly about with keen expectation depicted on their faces. They might he seen making their way towards Mulinuw point where the novel and interesting drama—or comedy—was to be performed. I had gone up to the township to obtain the services of an interpreter as I had an appomtmen with the king that morning, but was informed that the interpreter was engaged for the trial and that such a comparatively unimportant matter as a visit to His Majesty must be post ^Tbe magistrate, whom I met in a great statement, asked me to come and have a look at the prisoner. Curiosity led me to accept the invitation and we proceeded to the cells where, to my astonishment the official gave the wretch a lot of good JwlvlCB* "Now mind you say 'Not Guilty.' You savee ?" were the parting words of this most considerate prosecutor. Jast as we were leaving the American consul bustled up looking very important and very hot, with a couple of large law books under his arm. » " You go to the trial of course, he said to me. Well I hadn't thought of doing so." Oh do come, I wish you." " How is it you seem to take such an interest in the case seeing your government would have nothing to do with the man?" I asked. " Well," he said, " you know he claimed to bo an American citizen and though they repudiate him at Washington, still I think I ought to do what I can for him." " I was told the poor devil was to be defended by a lawyer." " That's it" replied the consul with somo warmth, " that lawyer fellow got £T> to defend him and now says he must have i!16 more or he won't appear, while the Chinamen think they have done quite enough for the honor of China and won't give anothor oent. As we strolled along the mossy path which wound in and out amid the rich foliage I fell adreaming again when suddenly the consul, who had been silent for somo minutes, turned sharply to me said you are a lawyer, will you defend him 44 ? Do please as a favour to me." 44 But," I replied laughingly, 1 have not had the honor of being admitted 44 to the Samoan Bar vet and the qualifications which I hold might not bo considered sufficient to entitle me practise." He continued to urge me to do so and at last I promised to accompany him and assist him by suggesting any points which oocurred to me as being in the prisoner's favour. Nestling among broad leaved bananas, stately palms and bright hued creepers a large native house—with its domod thatched roof supported on short uprights and sides,open where the cochanut blinds had been drawn up—was surrounded by a motley crowd of natives and Europeans of all nations waiting anxiously for the beginning of the proceedings. This was the court house for the occasion. The arrival of the consul with the ponderous laws books under his arm led to a good deal deal of speculation among those assembled and much curiosity was aroused as to the^part he was to take in the proceedings. We entered the hut and found inside a small table and chair at one side while a couple of forms were arranged on another. Certainly the appointments of this hall of justice had not cost the country a large amoiinfc of expenditure and pointed a lesson in economy which in these days of large deficits might well be followed by more civilized communities. Shortly after our arrival the hum of conversation outside suddenly ceased as a tall dusky figure draped only in a snow white lava lava or waistcloth and carrying the inevitable fly flap appeared on the scene and took his seat at the little table. This was the judge—another lesson in economy. No gorgeous and expensive robes, no full bottomed wig, no knee breeches, no lace ruffles, nothing but a lava lava pure and simple. Yet that man as he sat there, quite uncertain of whatwasexpcctedof him, looked as full of dignity and as proud of his position as the most be- gowned, be-wigged, bebreeched and be ruffled ;Lord High Chancellor ever could. The judge having taken his scat the prisoner was brought in and as many of the crowd as there was room for took their seats on the whole available floor space, sitting cross-legged according to tne custom of the natives. The remainder leaned against the trees outside. The position in which the natives sit may be comfortable for those who are accustomed to it, but to the uninitiated it is decidedly unpleasant, not to say painful, after a short tima; and to sit any other way would have been a gross contempt of court. What the result would have been to some of the Europeans present, had the case lasted as long as some celebrated trials, I shudder to think. The proceedings then began. First a Christian Samoan interpreter was sworn in on the Bible, and then a heathen Chinee interpreter, who went through the ceremony of blowing out a match. After a good deal of whispering and gesticulation between the juage and the magistrate tho latter read the charge to the prisoner, to whom, I presume, it was duly explained. More whispering, this time between the interpreter and the prisoner, with the result that the former announced. 44 He say me no killee.' " Then the 4 jury was called. A- mixed jury! Well it was a mixed jury. What the occupations of the Samoan half were I am unable to state, but I presume in our courts they would be described as 14 gentlemen" as they certainly never did any work and yet looked sleek, healthy and well oiled. The European half, however, could hardly claim the same title on the same doubtful grounds, for they all looked as if they had done plenty of work of very varied descriptions. There were among them two Englishmen, two Germans, one Frenchman and a— well it would be hard to say, from his curious blend of features what the nationality of the sixth man was, but he appeared to take great interest in the proceedings and strange to say seemed as if he had been there before.' The prosecutor 4 was about to open the case for the crown when up jumped my friend the consul, looking very red and flurried, hurriedly adjusting his glasses and fumbling with one of his ponderous tomes. He began to address the court with a burst of eloquence which, however, was shorn of most of its effect by the fact that whatever he said had to be interpreted sentence by sentence into Samoan for the benefit of the judge and half the jury and also into Chinese for the edification of the' prisoner. The mixed European portion of the jury was left to understand as best they could. It would have been worth a trifle to have been both a Chinese and a Samoan scholar if only for the purpose of appreciating the interpretation of this unique legal address. The speech was full of long words and American law terms and precedents—and as both interpreters hardly speak English much less understand it thoroughly it is quite possible that the only effect of the disjointed oratory was to utterly befog the actors in the scene. The worthy consul, however, was determined to exercise to the full his permission to address the court and apparently oblivious of the probability that bis words never reached the ears for which they were intended, proceeded to instruct the judge, the prosecutor and all present as to their duties by reading extracts from the law of California 1 He explained at length the American law with regard to murder, adding a running fire of comments and explanations of bis own, and at last got so jumbled up that I defy the cleverest lawyer in any country to have made head or tail of the whole thing. However, he was perfectly satisfied with his own rhetoric and resumed his seat beaming all over. He no doubt felt that he had put everything in working order and had made an address worthy, of the representative of his great country, and that if the Samoans did not wish to be annexed by America right off the reel, it was no fault of his After the effect of this outburst had subsided somewhat the prosecutor pro ceeded to detail the facts of the case. These were briefly that tho prisoner and his victim had been living together and that after a time she ran away and left him. He then went about threatening to shoot her, and one night came into a loom and discovered the girl there with several other Chinamen. A quarrel ensued, he drew a revolver, the light was knocked out and he shot the girl who died almost immediately. The witnesses were nearly all Chinese who were sworn some by simply by blowing out a lighted match and others by barbarously cutting off a cocks head. The evidence was very clear and soon over, despite the feeble attempts of the consul to cross-examine the witnesses. He kept turning to me and saying " Isn't there anything to ask this man" or do suggest some questions." To satisfy 44 him I did suggest that it might have been an accident. Ah 1 yes good, very good, an accident of 41 course." So he proceeded to ask every witness whethor tho fatal occurrence was not an accidont, but nono of them seemed at all inclined to take that view of the case much to the good man's extreme discomfiture. He gave up the job in despair. Even if they had all said it might have been an accident I am afraid it would have made very little difference to the result as the jury had quite made up their minds about the verdict before the case began. There were no long Hpeechcs. The judge did not sum up tho evidence ; it would have puzziod lain to do so. He simply looked at the jury when his turn came; that was quite sufficient. Some member of tho jury had evidently served in that capacity before or had been present at a more formal trial elsewhere, the result being that they retired to consider their verdict in all proper form. Their retiring room was capacious and ajry enough, being a spot under a clump of trees about 50 yards from the court house. Here they lit their pipes or cigarettes as the case might he and had a smoke and a chat, the Samoans and Europeans in separate groups, while tho crowd watched them with evident awe from a short distance and discussed the questions when the execution would take place and who would act as hangman. About a quarter of an hour, when they had finished their smoke, the jury came back and delivered their verdict Guilty of murder of the first degree according 44 to the law of California." The judge looked very stern, moved uneasily on his chair, apparently not knowing exactly what to do or what was expected of him. Then he adjourned the court till next day'saying he would think over the matter. The crowd dispersed, the prisoner was taken away, my inter preter was free to escort me to the king and the first trial by jury in Samoa was virtually over. On the morrow the court assembled but did not attract much attention as it was understood that the poor miserable Chinaman was to die on the scaffold. If the judge had been in no hurry to pass sentence he was determined there should be no delay in its execution, for he sentenced tho prisoner to be hanged next morning. The missionaries here stepped in and pointed out that according to the custom of civilized nations it was usual to give the condemned man a little time in which to repent of his sins. After a good deal of pressure had been brought to bear it was decided to postpone the execution for a week. The real reason for this was I believe, that the gallows could not be got ready in less time. The fates willed however, that there should bo further delay, for the night before the sentence was to be carried into effect, there was a terrific hurricane which devastated half the island and amongst other damage destroyed the gullows. In another week they were again erected and the unhappy Chinaman was duly hanged in the orthodox manner, the arrangements I was informed, being perfect. Evidently there was an expert among the populace. Perhaps that juryman. Who knows ? The Grim Comedy did not end with the hanging. The Samoans having in their own way satisfied justice by putting the poor devil to death did not regard as any part of their duty to bury him. They evidently looked upon this as tho duty of the Chinaman's own friends and having roughly coffined the body they carried it into the village and dumped it down in the middle of the street in the Chinese quarter. This proceeding gave rise to a dispute which despite the circumstances was absolutely ludicrous. 44 He Chinaman, you bury," was the burden of the Samoan argument. 41 No, no, you hangee, you bury," was the more logical rejoinder of the Chinamen. In tho meantime the coffin had become the centre of attraction of a crowd of dusky infants who had assembled from all parts of the village and who gambolled around the strange object with shrieks of delight. The young imps had just got as far as dancing on the lid when the consuls interfered in the dispute, which by this time had waxed hot, and informed the Samoan authorities that they must bury the corpse. With evident reluctance the natives again shouldered their ghastly load and proceeded to take it outside the bounds of the municipality, where I presume, it was duly interred. 