% h t o f g l e e t BRIGHT THOUGHTS FOR TIMES. DARK fBv Ds. avmnBSS ROGERS.) Wait on the Lord: be of gsod rourage, and He shall strengthen ibine heart: wait, I eay, on the Lord.—Psalm xxvii. 14. The experiences of life are manifold and varied. The law of life is one and unchanging. There are times of monotonous toil, and other times of ktirring incident and healthful excitement ; timeB of progress and success, and times of adversity and trial; times when in a vain self-confidence the optimiBt exults in the thought that he shall never be moved, and others when the pessimist fills tbe air wish his lamentation over present and his doleful propbesie« of oontinscus evil. These alterations, sometimes sufficiently sudden and trying, would be almost" unendurable were there no sovereign principle which governs the heart in all circumstances and under all variety of conditions. " If thou faint in the day of adversity, thy strength is small." But this is what is sure to occur where there is no inward souroe of support. A worshipper of suooess who lives to get on, and is not very careful as to the means by whioh his end is attained, finds himself suddenly plnneed in difficulties and disasters, and he loses heart. The experience is novel, and he has no preparation for it. He has not reckoned even on the possibility of failure, and, now that it has actually come, he is reduced by it to a state of impotence and despair. A T&UE; LAW OF LICK. A theory of life whioh proceeds on tbe assumption that it will be one continuous summer with oloud less sunshine is ooastruated in- wilful defianoe of the facts of the case. Days of darkness there oert&mly; will be, and tbe heart which baa made no provision for them has surely a bitter and painful experience before it. The trouble is not esoaped because it is deliberately left out of the calculation. It oomes in a diversity of forms; it may come in the most sudden aud onexpecteid manner; but exemption from it cannot be anticipated, and tbe man who is not prepared to meet and conquer it is not equipped for tbe conflict with the world. It would be untrue to say that the conduot of life would be easy were there an experience of unbroken prosperity. On the oontrary, nothing would be less likely to train a robust, vigorous, and noble oharaoter. Tbe victim of self-indulgence,_ pampered in ease and luxury, without anything to remind him of the necessary limitations of bis own power, is certainly one of tbe leastnobleandadmirableofmen. The ground is simply cambered by these idlers, who contribute nething to thestrength of eoeiety, bus are an inoeesant drain on it« resources. The men, on the contrary, who are the makers of the age and of the oountry, are the thinkers and the workers who have gained strength by a resolute battle against difficulties. " You cannot, "says Froude, " dream yourself into a oharaoter—you mnst hammer and forge out one." The process may not, oannot, be pleaeant, but the result is satisfactory, and trouble, trial, resistance, even defeat, are the instruments by whioh its work is carried on and its ends aohieved. Bat, in order to the end, there must be the dominion of a true law in the life. It is given here. These are words fer all times and all varieties of experience. To be ready for any fate, to be prepared for' the dark shadows which will sometimes, probably often, cross eur paths, to have the strength whioh will endure to the end, and prove itself equal to any emergen ay, we must learn this true seoret ofa wise and blessed life —"Wait on the Lord." TBUB CHRISTIAN PATIENCE. 1\. Here, then, we have firat a statement ef the true law of life. If you would live rightly, nobly, happily, "wait on the Lord." The phrase oovers a great deal. To " wait on the Lord" may be narrowed in its meaning, and restricted to the exercise simply of dependence. It is read as though the Psalmist had said:—"Pray to God forguidanoe and help at all times, and though it may sometimes look as though He had forgotten to be gracious, ceaae not to pray and to expeot tbe blessing." All that is inoluded here, but it certainly does not exhaust tbe meaning of the exhortations. The idea that " waiting on the Lord" refers solely to supplications addressed to Him for blessings which we regard as necessary, is one that may easily degenerate into fanaticism. Our prayers to God were never intended to dispense with the exercise of tbe powers He haa entrusted to us for His service. We plant and we water, and t hen we oan look to Him for the increase; but in the absence of tbe service which is within our power the petition for God's blessing savours strongly ofpresumption. and, in truth, involves a flagrant neglect of positive duty. We are stewards; onr talentB may be those of brain, or eubstanoe, or musole; we may have capaoity to_ administer, leisure to labour, genius to think and guide, or money to give. When we have laid out our talents we may consistently ask God to bless the investment, but, apart from the diligent cultivation of the gift that is in us, our prayer trenohes dangerously near on mookery. There is an interpretation of the waiting whioh is not only incomplete but fatally misleading. Patience which is inspired by faith, and whioh represses all discontent and murmuring in the presence of delays which are trying and disappointing, whioh hopes on beoause it has absolute trust in God, is a Christian grace of a high order. But auoh patience toils on, struggles on, hopes on, and in the darkest hour is cheered by the bright shining which gilds the edge of the oloud. Tbe patience which is idling, dreaming of a deliveranoe wbioh is sure to oome, indulging a spirit of fatalism rather than one of intelligent trust, substituting an unintelligent faith for a quiet energy, is wide as the poles asunder from the spirit which the Psalmist inculcates here. BE OF GOOD COURAGE. 2\. This leads ns to the high quality of character wbioh is the result of this trust in God " Be of good oourage." It is opposed to the trembling anxiety with whioh many are so apt to regard the future, and so to rob themselves of the strength necessary for doing the work or bearing the trials of the present. "We have not," sayB Paul, "reoeived the spirit of fearf ulneBS." Alas! it is the spirit which works in many. They are afraid, they hardly know of what; but it is not too much to say that they allow their minds and hearts to be so haunted by the ghosts of possible or impossible evils that their energies are paralysed and their faith enfeebled, their hope robbed of all its brightness and joy. Their experience is strangely inconsistent with the creed they profesB, and the inheritance of promise and hope to whioh, by the grace of God, they have been introduced. Its true oharaoter is conoealed from them, eo that it is regarded as an evidence of personal humility whereas it is rather a want of strong faith in God. Christian assutance means trust a fixed belief that God will be Hue to His promise. Where that is, how oan there be fearfulness? If a heart is really waiting upon God, if it has subordinated its own desiresand hopes to His glory, if its one longing is that His will should be done, it must be of good courage. Courage is the virtue to whioh men are always ready to do homage. It touches the imagination, it appeals to tbe best sentiments of the heart, it is daring and unselfish, it imparts an element of strength to the whole character, it gives a promise of help to others in their times of weakneBB. A man who dares penis from whioh the majority recoil, and does it, not from the hope of any personal gain, but simply in obedience to some noble instinct or overpowering sense of duty, which sweeps away all lesser considerations, is a hero, and tbe world iB not so rich in heroeB that it can afford to treat lightly one who has won this honoured name. The influence ot enoh a man in times of trouble u-hen many are panio-struok is A PRICELESS BLESSING. He maintains a quiet confidence whioh itself has a calming influence upon tbe excited spirits of weaker men. But there is nothing so fitted to inspire this oourage as trust in God—nay, it is impossible to see bow, apart from tbie, it is to be generated and (ustained. The philosophy whioh oan discourse with enoh learning and eloquence on »ne grana problems of life, so long as they are problems for the inteUeot, is strangely silent aB BOOn M they beoome realities which mast be dean with. To the intellect engaged in profitless speculations about the mystery of em and pain, it ean throw out hints and suggestions, full of ingenuity, but utterly without help; but to the heart racked with doubt and anguish and crying out for soma guide that may conduct it through the darkness, it has not a word of counsel or good ehMr. In the presence of serions trouble it is utterly helplets. To the tempted soul crying out tor belp it has no succour to extend. To the appeals of the heart torn with an agony of doubt it has no response to give. Front it the dying receives no blessed assurance, and in vain the mourner looks to it for oonBolation. It is simply unprepared to grapple with any of the griefs or cares whioh afflict oar suffering, sad humanity. Ia all the great crises of our tiseory its attitude oan only be that of stern, stony silence. If we ware living in t world of speculative thinkers it might do something by its brilliant suggestions; but ours is a wofld of workers and of sufferers, a world of bligbted ambitions and disappointed bcpeB, of bitter sorrows, wasting sicknesses, and painful deaths. It needs courage, oourage of a very high order, to meet, its trials, and that oourage can be the fruit only of truBt in tha living God. I believe in God—that is, in a gracious and loving Father, Omnipotent and wise—who is never far from any of His children, and wbcee thoughts to them are all thoughts of tenderness and oompaasion. Then what oaa titer*: be to fear! Tine, many things that happen may ba contrary to my anticipations' and desires. The promise is not that my will' shall be done, but I hava faith that His willis perfect righteousness, wisdom, love—and that Will must be done. For the time I may' not be able to see all this, and, in troth, may, often be in strange and sad perplexity^ because of the defeat of some cherished projects whioh I had supposed to be of Divine impulse. But so long as this trust in God remains, I work on, trust on, wait on. THE SECRET OF STRENGTH IN TRIBtTLATTOH. In a world like ours there must be abundant occasions for the ezeroisa of this grace. Tbe raoe is not always to tbe swift, aor tbm battle to the string. Success does not always wait even upon plans oonceived in a spirit of . unselfish devotion to the servioe of God in the • work of the world. We labour with diligence and zeal, but are baffled by the play of hostile forces in combinations on whioh we ooo^ not have calculated, and suffer reverse at the very' time when we were most hopeful and even assured of viotory; or the dark olouds of sorrow gather over US, • and a time of calm is broken by a pitiless storm of trouble. All Thy wave* and Thy billows (we are ready to oiy)aregora : over me. Not only are there dadc days, but the darkness is dense. Of course unbelief and y panic exaggerate the evil, and to the troubled ' and anxious heart it seems as though it bad oome te a land from whioh there oould be xto eecape—"a land of darkness as darkness itself—a land of the shadow of death, withon^ any order, and where the light is as darkness." : This is the language of poetry, but it only represents in vivid and pictorial style the ex- • patience of tbe soul in those time* of trouble. whioh are sure to come. Trials oome ia thick i battalions. We have hardly begnn to dealwith one when .another is upon us, and tbe -i endurance of tbe heart ia tested to the uttea* '• most. WhBre, then, could we res tote vat' courage but in God? Try to solve the mystery of the universe without him, try to endure tbe :: serious ills of life without seeking help or de? liverance from Him, and what oan the result be but to plunge into a still lower depth «£ misery ending in despair? There is «u but one seoret of strength and calm in the ' hours of tribulation which oome to as as they : oome to all. They who wait upon tbe LonL and they only, shall renew their strength. CBIBES THAT TEST CHABA<7TSR. With the majority of men Christian bsnmn must be shown ohiefly in the little things of life. Tbe grand ventures of faith those which attract tbe observation of men and possibly exercise a wide inflnenoe upon the' progress of God's truth in -the world are neoessarily restricted to the few ; but the' heroism may not really bo less, nor the demands on faith and oourage less orgeat and imperative, beoause the theatre of a man's aotion is narrower and more obscure, or his powers and opportunities more limited ia their range. There are heroes who do battle for God in tbe humble places of the field of whom neither Ghuroh nor world ever hears,- but whose reoord is on high. It may be, too, , that in the lives of most of us there are crises by whioh our trust in God is sorely tried, and in whioh our true oharaoter is made manifest. Some tempting bait is presented before us, eaeking to eeduoe us into some aegleot of duty. Its oharaoter is so carefully veiled shat it might deoeive even the very elect, and yet to yield to it would be to make shipwreck of faith and a good consciences -' or there is some oall to difficult duty, obedience to which would bring it into conflict with the. prejudices of some whose good' ' opinion we value. Flesh and blood would give sage counsels of expediency and oompromise, but the courage of the true heart ia shown in a noble contempt for them all. THE TRUE HEROISM OP FAITH AND HO^K. • ' < But these are the oooasional experienoeft 61 life. We are not always under this strain'and "•' stress. It is with the battle of life as with*^ campaign in war. In history is preserved the ^ memory of the deciding points—the grand •' features of the strategy, the story of the sieges'- where men climbed the imminent deadlybreach, or were content to perish in forlorn - hopes, the pictures of the battles where vast' hosts met eaoh other in deadly struggle. But ' in the mind of tbe rank and file there is a reme-nbranoe rather of the days of march and counter-march, the weeks of waary waiting in whioh such heavy drafts were made on the' patienoe and endurance of brave men. The fearful days, for example, in tbe tranches before Sebastopol could never fade from the memory of those who endured them, and in \ them was shown a heroism quite aa noble— v nay, possibly more noble—than that of the gallant man who climbed the heights of the Alma. So it is with our Ohristianlife. Occasions for tbe display of tbe grander qualities which attract the notioe of men are rare; but oalla for th* exeicise of faith and hope are cans tank. ' and in these true heroism is manifest. Let us! then, seek to learn and practise the secret of the strong and the blessed. Wait on the Lord; be of geod eouraee, and He shall strengthen thine heart; wait, 1 OB a . Lerd. 