SELECTED TEMPERANOE NOTES The theory chat we have only to use, and encourage the use of light wines to stop drunkeness, is very good as theory. Long age Mr. Gladstone held this view, n‘n<s legislated accordingly, . wit 6. tho result bha“t l tp-dos’ many bold bun largely responsible for drinking omong women. In iTraucb, tho Government itself is be coming anxious about the growth of drinking, and various things have been suggested with a vieMf. to tho promotion of temperance. Women, and even children, are given way to the evil habit, and the far-famed light wines only whot tho appetite for what is much stronger. Tc*day, and under oar conditions, strong liquors are everywhere to be found, and men and women who have once couched them seem no longer able to content themselves with tho light wines. The fact is modern drinkers want something strong, and os we have already said, light wines only when their appetite. It is very dangerous to use “ Holy Writ ” in these modern discussions, for our modern brandied wines are very unlike some of the wines of the anoionts; and indeed our ideas about wine and wine drinking are altogether modern.—“ Austral Christian World.” “ The gist of the whole matter is that alcohol is an irritant narcotic poison and that intoxicating drinks have an irritant narcotic poisoning property.**— Hr. N. Kerny Now that intemperance has come to be the great vice of the people of this Christian land, and tho greatest of all hindraoces to the spread of Christianity, perfect loyalty to Christ and the highest service to man, acquire that those who would preparq.the way of the Lordtahould keep clear of all complicity with it. Scientists have long ago classified alcohol among tho poisons. Moreover, many able surgeons and physicians now .fight disease without its aid, and quite as successfully as their'neighbors who use this " greatest blessing,” The London Temperance Hospital has been in exis tence for twenty years and more, and it has certainly demonstrated that all kinds .of diseases can bo successfully dealt with without tho aid of alcohol. As to alcohol being a remedy for “ fits of exhaustion and despondency,” everyone ought to know that such a usq of it is most dangerous. We are familiar with tho maxim that the man who is his own lawyer, has a “ fool for his client.” Let us apply this maxim to medicine as well, and let them know that the layman who precribes alcohol for “ fits of despondency” has the stupidest of all stupid men for bis patient. If the money spent upon drink in Great Britain were properly expended, it would give employment to four millions of people, whereas at present 500,000 are engaged in making and selling liquors ; in destructive, not in productive labor; dea* troyiog as much grain as would make bread equal to about 1200 million dlb loaves. The chief peril of narcotic drugs lies in their disguising the real state of the patient from himself as well as from his his doctor and bis friends. If there is any serious ailment, such as cholera or fever, the sufferer may seem to be and may feel better. He is not better. He is actually worse—made worse by tho alcohol, and not unseldom, after the evanescent alcoholic disguise and deceptive improvement has faded, it is found that the malady itself has been progressing, unseen and unsuspected, from the delusive aspect of the alcohol, steadily towards a fatal termination, which might in many cases have been averted but for the true state of the patient having been corns pletely masked. SACRAMENTAL WINE. “Inasmuch (1) as the Christian cons science has become largely awakened to the belief that intoxicating drink is not a fit etnblenrdf the blood of Christ; (5) that the true fruit of the vine may easily bo obtained in anon-poisonoas state ; (3) that many of tho children of our people have been brought up without the taste alcohol, and ought not to be allured into an act at the Lord’s table that they have been rightly taught is inconsistent in the home, and (I) that tho provision of alcohol in the name and act of a sacred ordinance has proved in many cases a sore, and even irresistible temptation to reclaimed atd converted inebriates —this quarterly meeting declares unhesitatingly that tho time has fully come when all our circuit societies should use unforraented wine only at, tho Lord’s supper,”— Maidstone Wesleyan Quarterly Meeting. Paul dbnton’s peroration on water. This is the liquor which God the Eternal brows for His children—not in tho simmering still, over smoke fires, shocked with poisonous gases, and sur rounded with a stench of sickening odors and rank corruptions.doth your Heavenly Father in Heaven prepare the precious essence of life, the pure water—but in the green glade and grassy dell where the red deer wanders and the child loves to play, there God brews it; and down, low down in the deepest valleys, where the tbo fountain murmurs and the rills sing ; and high upon tho mountain tops, where the naked granite-glittors like gold in tho sun, where the storm cloud broods, and ' the thunder storms crash ; and away far out in the wide wild sea, where tho hurricane howls mi|sic and the big waves roar tho chorus, sweeping tho march of God, there Ho brews it, this beverage of life, this health-giving water. And everywhere it is a thing of beauty, gleam ing in tho dowdrop, singing in the summer rain, shining in the ice gem till the trees all seem turned to living jewels, spreading a golden veil over the setting sun, or a white gauze around the mid*' night moon, sporting in the cataract, sleeping in the glacier, dancing in the hail shower, folding its bright snow curtains softly about the wintry world, and weaving the many colored iris, that seraph’s zone of the sky, whose warp is the rain drop of earthy whose woof is the sunbeam of Heaven, all chequered over with the celestial flowers by the mystic hand of refraction. Still always it is beautiful, this blessed life- water. No poison bubbles on its brink; its foam brings no madness and murders ; no blood stains ita liquid glass ; pale widows ( and starving orphans weep no burning | teats in its depths; no drunkard's shriek ing ghost from the grave curses, it in words of eternal despair Speak out my friends! Would you exchange it for alcohol 1 “My eon, observe tbo postage stamp. Its, usefulness depends upon Its ability to stick to one thing until it gets there.” “No, George,"" she said, “I can never bo yours," “Then I am rejected?" ho moaned. “No, doarost, not that; but lam a woman’s suffragist, and cannot bo any man’s. You, however, may bo mine it you will," Tbo missionary contemplated the savage with tender regret. “And will you not,” ho gently asked, “make one more effort to raise yourself from barbarism?” The child of tho forest stood with bowed bead. “Yes,” ho falfcorod; “if thoro is any way to keep them from bagging at tho knees I am ready to try again. ” Sure of bis Safety,—Toddy—**! don’t care if ho did whip your big brother; I bet ho couldn’t whip mo!” Freddy—“ Ho ! Could too! He’s biggor’n you?” Teddy—l don’t core if bo is bigger’n mo; 1 can boat him runnln’l” ’ ■ A terrible discovery was- made by James Brindle, an innkeeper, at Belt Horn, near Blackburn (England), on No* vembor 23rd. Missing his wife from bed, and noticing the house full of smoko, ho wont downstairs and found a smouldering heap in tho passage, which proved to be tho remains of his wife. She had ovi« dently fallen at tho foot of tho stairs with a paraffin lamp in her hand, and her olothes catching fire she bad been burned to a cinder. 