sow CELLULOID IS MADE. So many art'rs are now manufactured from celluloid, both nuseful, ornamental, artlatic and otherwise, some of them marvellous Imitations of tortoise hbell, ivory. etc., that a short account of the process em ployed for the manufacture of this useful substance may not be out of place. For this purpose unalszod paper is frst taken and pulped or shredded Into strips about }in. In width, and then treated with acid to transform it into cellulose; the paper being submitted to the action of the acid, for the required time, in large stoneware vessels or baths, then removed, and after careful wash. ing placed in centrifugal machines to remove any excels of water. The workmen per forming this solid treatment are clothed in rubber and their face, have a ghost-like appearance which testifies to the strength of the ehemicats used. After being epreat out for a oasiderable time to thoroughly dry on the drying tables, the substance is taken to the cehydrating rooms where camphor Is added to it, the two ingredients being earefuly weighed mixed, pressed, and crumbled together and then presenting the appeaanue of a mixture of paper ribbons and white sugar, the odour alone denoting the presence of the camphor The mixture is now ground and pressed by the masticators in the calendar or roliler room, about a bubshel or "batch" being treated at once, the macbhinery oonsisting simply of heavy Iron rollers mounted in a hoerzntal position and gered te revolve in wards. If allowed, the mixture forms easlf into a sheet on the roller. but the operator prevents this by continually cutting it off and returning it to the machine, nla order that the esubstance may becoe thoroughly homogenous. In about 15 mInutes a hatch will be salu ciently worked, when it is removed in a sheet about one inch thick, presenting the she ap serance of fSished oelluloid. These sheets are then placed in an hyirsalic form and run under a steam-heated hydraulio piers, where they remain for about two bcure, after which the ' cake " 'f al'u'nid s- produced is removed by un bolting the form, and then allowed to se son for a few days, afterwards baing cut into sheets of any required thickness by moans of a thick blade or "doctor" las tened to a reciprocating table on which the "cake" is placed. This macbine will on sheets of any thickness to 10000h of an inch. The sh'eete are then hurg u, to season and dry for about six monces to prevent warping when worked up; hence they go to te various departuments of the factory and are pressed, turned, or out, as the case may be, in faithful imitation of the article they are intended to represent. Tartoiseahell, ivory, amber, translucent, etc., celluloid is produced by carefuli and dexterous treatment in the roller room, the grained appearanoe of ivory beinag secured by cutting the sheets into strips lin. wide nd setting them on edge laterally In the hydraulia form before pressing.-" Icen. tir." 