KANGAROO. HUNT ON PBAHBAN PRAIRIE. EXCITING ADVENTURE. A GIDDY MARSUPIAL . \- RUSHES THE WATCHHOUSE. PROMPTLY LOCKED UP. .Some amusement, and no little ex citement, was occasioned in Chapel, street, I'rahran. at an early hour tills morning consequent oil the escape of a large kangaroo from confinement. Tho mui-Hupiul lmd been caged ou pre mises in South Ynrra, and had atrnct- od a good deal of attention from pas sers by for mime time. It Is not clear how he managed to break gaol, though various theories are suggested, among them the fact. that somu small hoys were recently seen hanging round the neighborhood evidently with the de termination of witnessing some full, as it kangaroo bunt might he reasonably c.viiectcd to afford. The first Intimation that the neigh-, horhend had of anything being wrong- was when a lady lu a dreadful state of excitement und a sleeping garment rushed Into u friend's house and report ed that she Imd HLvu the ghost. She said that It had jm:t put its head In at the open window of her bedroom, and that on hearing her scream it had lmunded off up the right-of-way with Its tall over Its aria. Thu next report was that the Tnntanooln tiger hail reached Melbourne, and was nt that moment, careering wildly about the streets, necking for prey. . Constable Lloyd wiih. apprised from half-a-dozen sources lit as many min utes of the presence of some awful, danger In the community. So many aud so conflicting were the reports that he was. almost forced to the conclusion that not only was there one animal at large somewhere lu the district, lint that a wlmlu meuagcrie had .been turn ed loose. Ills douhtH were llnally set at rest: by a definite report from a well- known resident to the effect that a kangaroo ou which hc 'placcd great value luid got out of his cage mid. was nt last accounts outward hound for. Ills native heath. It was now tluit the orottonicnt starlcd ln earnest, for by this lime not only, was the neighborhood alarmed, Imtniuuy WQre.urmod, .and a chase Hiuricu on u seme time mm iittrniy been eclipsed. When the kangaroo saw n constable and it largo hulk of the unemployed population of the country advancing at. Hie double It determined not to 1k. captured wit houtaneffort. Confinernet had 'deprived it of none of its old dash,' ho striking out It hounded off at the top- of itn Hpoed. As ItH pursuers, several of whom followed In a cab, gained on it, It turned up a right-of- way, took, u fence ill the lly, alighting In ait open lane, down which It hopped till It came to the imbce hIhUoii, where It slopped and claimed the protection of the law. When at last 'thu pursuers came up : they found the affrighted animal mantl ing nt liny in thu corner of a ynrd ad joining the lockup In an attitude of unmlHlnknble defiance, as If invltlug all and sundry to "come on." After some preliminary -sparring' tlio kangaroo made. a tremendous spring with the objeat of clearing his assail ants aud making his escape., Me aligh ted right on top of Constable Lloyd, felling Iiiiu to the ground, aud a severe straggle ensued. Doing on top, the iitiirmipliil bad slightly tho best of it, but with n superhuman effort , Cou ntable Lloyd rolled him over, nnd assis tance liclug ht hand (he aiihuitl's cap ture was effected. Lloyd tamo through the ordeal- with out a scratch, but IiIh uniform wiih co vered with .mud. Tho kangaroo was "run In" to one of the cells, nnd was kept a close. prisoner for some hours. Then lie wan bulled out by Ids owner, who went guarantee for bis future good behavior. 