LETTERS TO THE EDITOR. THAT THEOLOGICAL TUGOF WAR. Is Christianity a Failure ? Another Sermon by ' J.W.P.' Fttt, — My last could hardly be called a reply to your correspondents who differ from roe on .'(tie! abovequestion ; I will, therefore, with your permission give one, at the swme time remembering tbat your spjice^amiong other -fj^sonp, demands; tbat | pnust- ;oe oncr.i - ! I ! snau,' : luerelqre, - merely com-ider tbe t-ubstancc of tbe ; arguments of the writers. *t)\yro8' and ' H.Q.C.' question the truth of my asser- ' tion' that fthu attendance at -bur churches is miserably out of proportion to the sitting accommodation afforded. This I must leave to your readers who arc in tbe habit of goiog to church to judge and if some of them will take a look iu at lbe churchcs when service is being conducted, ; not confining 'the inspection j to those of WindaorVand Prahran ouly/I venture to say tbey will fiud that my assertion is | true. 'But if it were so,' says 'R.G.C.,V 'it does qot prqve that' Christianity is a failure, it. only ,-provcs .that perverted forms of it are.' Just 60, rind I quite ngrcc with ' BiG.C.' ;'Miradfes' aic perverted forms tif .Christianity 4-the eailiebt per versionr,. ergo the preaching r of them is one of the pauses of . the .failure. ' B.G.C.' cannot understand how I can' call men or-| books gottil 'which contain -untruths. Let me remind- bim tbat- aN .religions novels, many of which arc iucluded io our Sunday-school libraries, are a pack of untruths ; but tbey 'are good '-books never theless, bucAuse tbey. -are the vehiele of good teachings. Bui I fancy I hear u B.G.C.' say, they don't' profess to be true. If they did and were not I should not acknowledge them to be good books. My answer is that plenty of good men, and good books tofii,HelHblug« ar truths wbich are not so. Tney have Bimply been mlslaken. I should be sorry to call ' B.G.C.' even a prevaricator of the truth i if 1 beard tbat be bad ever told as true the story of William l'oll shooting tbe apple off ljifv eon'n^-he^djj or about the popular tale ofthe poisonous effects of the , | Upas tree of Java ; but he would be all the same, for -r both these accounts -are i opfaH fl did fW iWtpI \ik\ oU 'Ale/ widUhat' tb| ? LpiMie ? could' iot properly understand His teaching wben He was on earth is proved by His having io,^TpfalYit; to lbem.rfgaln anjlfagaiu. They were immeasurably His inferiors i and 1 maintain that it is only unlural that their biography should be imperfect and colored with ike then popular belief. It is haid to restrain tbe growth of 1 superstition, even in there day*. A ghost story' would have tfruwn-iB *6outb: ®Ie' bounic the other day if the press had not prevented it, Mrs. Mellon deceived some of our cleverest men with her spooks, and even clever Mrs. Besant was bamboozled by them. Can we wonder, then, that miracles grew both during the lifetime of i tbe apostles aud among tbe early fathers — no unbiassed cultured man can— 'bul audi are scarce and wben f«»und would ratber not interfere with popular religion. -But I maintain thai the best friend of the Bible is the one. who point* put tfhat he thinks is injuri'U* io the spread of its cootl tfschinp, and soch 1 claim to be doinu iu Ihese letter*. ' We want a new chun-h where the Irutb that righteous mas {or. right, miiriiict) cxtiUetb a nation Khali t»e taught without superstition. . To your courteous arid thonehtfui correnpon *Unt -'Two and Two Make Four' I have not lime to reply fully. Suffice io say 'be is right when he says that the crux of the whole matter Is,- ?* !« the Bible inspired or nor. If ft is, it were presumption to atgae.' Of course 1 mainlnin that it is not and one of the proofs is 'the great number of interpretations which are capable of Wing tut on its teachings. There are now hundreds of different sects each claiming to give a thus aaith the Lord for the soundness of their position and the error of yours— whatever tbat may be. The keystone of the Bible's teaching fc, pood conduct, brings happiness, had conduct misety. And what is good and what is bad the c«u6ci--nce of any fair minded man wil! tell bim.— Vours, etc., J.W.P. 