THE North-EasternEns:gn ___. i'UBLiSIEo AT E ALLA. TUESDAY, NOVE3lItl 19, 185. Tile I)ronit. -4--~ CLIMIATICALLY speakin 1895 is prov ing itself to be a moilishieartening year. " It began nuspiciuslv, dawning as it did throughout to land upon pletlhoric granaries. ?,ut, wihen its spring arrived, it disapIpiiltdeveryono -it proved, to a seri's extent, abor tive in point of mnoisireo and vegeta tion. Indeed dame N.turo has partly skipped this year's afxiously-awaited spring only to inaugtrate a drought, at any time a dread? dvisitaiit. Hero we are now almnostl in the* midst of summer-on the ' e of harvest-time and how does tihe :untry stand I As the daily and pr?sci-cial Press show, it is in a most deplorabl -stato.-in. fifty, cases out of every fifty orne the crops are so poor that they will hardly be worth the trouble and expense of garnering them. Anyhow the best of them are not likely to turn out remunerative. That this assertion is no. exaggeration is clearly borne out by the fact that flour and wheat have esch gone up highly and rapidly in price, whilst the still mlore serious circumstance remains that the dairying industry, now the mainstay of the colony, is almost sure to decline through the scarcity of vegetation. But, as a reverend gentleman of wide learning about the seasons pointed out to his congregation on Sunday last- his re marks appear in our issue of to-day droughty or plentiful years are, only natural- they conie to us in cycles, and science does not hesitate to say, after a. keen and persevering study of them, that they nmay always be re garded as a part of the phenomena' of celestiallactivity and 'life. Indeed, as tronomers have proved beyond the. shbadedw of' a doubt-to people of scien titlc discernment, at least-that the earth is only a part of the celestial uni verse. As such she becomes a creature of circumstances, sharing, as she does, in the clhanges of the family with which she has relationship. A wet or dry season, therefore,.becomes forced uponi hierby the hlw-of.-natural'inhori tance, so that, hoswever nice it mnay ap pear, spiritually -speaking, to offer prayers for rain, the same as some of the churches' are doing just now, it wvould,L after all appear, from this standpoint of reasoning-namely, natu ral law--that the prevailing drought is only a blessing in disguise. It mneans, as the rev. gentleman alluded to explains, that Nature is taking a rest in order to.reouperato and perpetu ate her bounty' towards' the earth. King Piharoahl evidently had a strong notion of tilis when, after his dream of seven years of" plenty' and seven years of famiLne,' h ordered' the grana ries of Egypt to lie filled with corn to meet the wants of the hungry time which lie foresaw ; and such a zealous and spiritually-minded man as Dr. Moorhouse did not hesitate to say once to one of his congregations in Victoria, on being invoked to pray for rain, that if the people would, only con serve the -water when it fell there would, most likely, be no lamentations as to drought. An analagous remark holds good with regard to the coming harvest. Only a week or two ago the farmers of the colony were deploring the poorniss, of prices obtaining for their produce. In fact they fed their pigs on corn, of. wlhich there was a superabuidanc ;; aniid 'now that a droughty seasoiaias begun, the effects. of-a dearth of itlat commiodity-alid in deed of 'overy oth!ier oe, as, well is becoming more and more apparent. Hence it is wo.ea ellhis' unwiso we have been as a community sin the past in wasting the: raw material of the staff of lifo instead of putting it by, as Plaroah,l and as many: other less foreseeing pieople have donento'provide for tllohe drawbacks o .scanty years. But the time will arriye, no doubt, wheo our people, in the main, will become a conmmunity of Pharoahs, whleon the manjori ty of producers will put away,, ltoarding, like tl?l sqnirrel, for periods of necessity, aind jvlhen even a liberal education will ensbraco scien tifle knowledge concerning such a per plexing subject as tlhat.wit which we hIave just now ,dealt-,-namcly, the drouglit. . A copy of thie ILLOUB iLATED AUS TALIAN -nEWs for No tniber -l has reiached us. From an arti, i point of view it is unusually meritou, whilst the: lettyqpress;id ' highly ig rtifg." During a recent visit to tile Upper King district Mr John Stirling, geo- 4 logist of the department of Mines, j traversed the whole of the belt of coun try in which turquoise occurs, and. found that a considerable amount of work had been done by several parties of miners. Not much turquoise of marketable value hli, however; been opened out, and sinking can determine whether the turquoise seams increase in size and purity lower down. Mr Stirling will recommnend that one of, the geological surveyors should go into the Upper King district early next year in order to define the boundaries of the formations there, as -there are mining as well as geological' features 'which it is necessary tohavodetermined as soon ais possible. The balanice-sheet for the second half-year's active operations at the Shepparton Butter Factory shows that the deficit of £254 has been wiped out anrd that thero'is a credit balance of .£410. As the directors are claiming ,over £100 from the llailway depart ment for daimages done to butter through tlohe firing of a truck, the actual piofit made is'nsaid to be' over £800. : The application of: Thos' Wallace, Tafong, for a gihint of 5la' lr'21p hits been gazetted as approv,.d. " Tihe next sittings of the BBeiialla .County Court and Court of Mines will be held on Saturday, February 1. A copy of the FAnau and IfloMs for November is to hand. As usual the periodical named is very interesting. Mlr S. de Saxe, dentist, will, visit Bonalla professionally to-day, and maty be consulted by patients at the Broken River Hotel. Violet Town possesses a " spook" raiser of its own. Mr. Alexander M'Donald, one of the councillors of the new shire, who formed one of the stage committee on the occasion of Mr Ernest Hosking's spirit exposures, succeeded, at a local entertaibiment the other evening, in producing the "ghosts"'of "Cissie," "Geordie" and' "Josephine," in lhe same manner in which that feat was performed by \lr Hosking lhimself. \- No tidings have yet been gained of Ernest Simpson, the young Wanga ratta clerk, who suddenly disappeared a few days ago, anti left behind limi' a message to the effect that lie was going to' drown himself because lie was scorned by the parents of his lady love. The current nunmber of the Austra ilian sF\\.t asi) lN-Iso: publishes anrex cellent picture of Mr P. Gatffney's Jersey cow-- Colleen Dlhu-whichl won first prize in the dairy cow competition at the E'uroa show. An articles there on by Mr H. .W. Potts, published in the same journal, contains the follow ing remarks :-"It was observable that the well-bred cows exhibited their characteristic nervousness and excita bility on being brought into a new milking yardai-mongst strantge edttle and under novel conditions. As an instance the winning cow (Mlr Gaff ney's) gave 71b less in her first milking than her usual quantity, and disheart ened lher owner considerably. She was fully a gallon short of her ordinary two milkings. Her average test MIr Gaffney knew to be 4.6, but to his sur prise the less yield was amply compen sated for by an increase of the butter fat to 5.3." Colleen Dliu's non- success at the Benllia show smust he put down to an overdose of the " nervousness" alluded- to by Mr Potts, for slte would not give ia drop of her milk, and consequently had to be taken out of the competition. The alleged attempt at self-destruc tion by Hdnsry W. Smnith, at Glen rowan, on the 2nd inst., was furtlier inquired into on Thursday, when the accused was brought before the Wan garatta Police Court and charged:with attempted suicide. Accused stuck to his statement that lie was trying to with draw a cartridge from his revolver when it exploded, and lie was dis charged by the bench. The Parliamentary Standing Com mittee on Railways held a forinal meeting on Tlhursday at Parliament house, and adjourned till to-day,' whes a special meeting will be held to con sider thl' report on the Glenrowan Hedi line. The Tungamnah ExsnsRs says :-Dry weather still continues, and fromin all parts of the district' doleful news is to halndregarding the condition of tihe crops. Unless rain falls vdry soon, it is now certain that the harvest will be the poorest ever experienced in the North-east. Tihe crops are ripening prematurely, and thoe very late ones, which are never a.t any time vigorous, are dying off altogether, whild'ais larg number are being fed down: with stock. Grass, too, is becoming.scarco, and as a consequence there will soon be a decrease in the supply of milk at the milk faictories. A contributor to the Wangaratta DisPATres takes tihe parlismentay re: preosentativo for that and the Ruther glen district to task for inot accepting tho chlallenge of Msr Msax'Hirsclh to a debate upon thoe Single Tax question. "I san no adnmi?er, says the writer," of Mr Hilsclh .or his theories: but I cer tainly consider it a sign of weakness on BMr Bowser'i part to evade thle on: countoer eo was ,elallengedl to, espe cially as tlhe pktform clhosen was at his own door, selected especiailly to suit hIis convenience and to allow himi no pre'text whatever for maintaining silence." A Chinsman named Alh 'Pang, a resident of W\rhorouly, GO years of Iage attempted-uss , uccessfully-to cut lis. tlhsoat at tlat place a few days ago. ANxTrFErsIiEs-NTIN. What is it ? - [Advt.] In preserving fruits, &c.;, save labor, time and sugar by usisg ArNTIF'MaEN TIrNe. To'be Ihad of J. V. HIL, storekeeper, Carrier-street, Benalla.- [Advi6t.' ', , 2,??' .. .. A mnagisterial inquiry was held at Glenrowan on Thursday last before lr J. W. Aslimead, J. P., touching the sudden death of Andrew O'Sull. .van. 'Evidence was given by MIr Sind Mrs A.. M1. :agill, deceased's son-in. law anud' step daughter, whow reside about six miles from Glenrowaic, to .the effeot thant on the 13th inst. de ceased fell down dead in 'their back yard. Constable Draper gave evidence that there were no marks of violence on the body, neither wore there any suspicious circumstances connected with the death. A ver. diet waas- given that the cause of death syas disease of the heart. Another illustration of the abuse of the svineyard still--for which lieenses are issued to vignerons in order.to al. low: them to manufacture a spirit with whlich to. foritify their wines-has oc-. curred in the Rluthelrgle district. In this case it is not, the illegitimate sale of the spirit thit is complainiedrof. Thle Customs authorities seized a quan. tity of the fortifying spirit whichi had been made by w vo Italians on their vineyard. Thie stuff was analysed and fouind to be unfit for hlunman coasu ?. tion. 'Indeed, instead 'of` fortifying wine,'it would turn 'a presutiiably: in. nocent'liquor into a' deleterious coin pound. Th'e Executive Counciihlmas ordered the destruction of'the siiaFit. The Rev. J. Allen delivered a lee. ture on Vednesday evening last- il the Wesleyan 'Church, Tatong, ' ba tIhe "Starry Heaveins." Prior to "the lee. tueo a short service was held, and suitable hymns were suig. For the lesson the eightll Psalm was read as being very appropriate to the subject of the lecture. There was ia large at tendance, 'md Mr Allen was listened to with interest and attentiveness. After the lecture tile audience were shown some of the heavenly bodies in M1r Allen's telescope, which had bees taken out for tle occasion. Arrange. aments were made for the delivery of another lecture by Mr Allen shortly before Christmas, the subject to be the history, scenery, and practical uses of the 1noon. Jno. Reid, ia resident of Wahlgun. yah, after living with his wife Louisa for 15 years, cleared out some time ago, deserting his better half. Last week the latter applied for andl ob tained it decree nisi for divorce. A new spray pump-the invention of a Frenclmiun-has just conic into use. The .Rutherglen vignerons are going in for it extensively, for in one day a mani in that district sprayed over 0000 vines. A public meeting, convened by the President of the Shire of Broatdford, was held onl Friday last "for the puio pose of devising means for bringing the Broadford district and its adcanl tages before manufacturers and the public generally." What' is Benalla doing ? L ouncillor Conway, of tihe Tunga. malh Shire Council, dissatisfied in 'some way with the rate-collector (Mar J. P. P. Byrne) of that municipality, lhasu given notice of feis intention to move at next meeting of the body unmedl that tile said ollicer be compelled to resigin his position. Tie Benalla Shire Council will meet on Tlhursday. Mr T. S. Marshall, chief otlicer of the Country Fire Brigades Board, con ducted all inspection of the local brigade on Friday night. There were 17 members present out oi ta total of '23, the remainder being, either sick or out of the district, pro tcmn.. The fire men were put through an instructive fire-drill, after which Mir Marshlll ad dressed them, complimenting theem on their efliciency.' He also gave greatpraise to thestation-keepcr for the way in which lie hand kept the apparatus and depot in order. -lealso inspected the books of the secretary and found everything. correct. Permission waS given to tihe brigade to open ia brench station at Boenalla West. An order was also given for the nsecessary hose and appliances for same. Mrs Geary, wife of ?[r Jno. Geary, a resident of Youarang, met with a serious mishap, last week. -Whilst driving home from Tungamah, with a two-year-old child under her care, she was accidentally thrown out of. her vehicle. Result- she sustaiited' ter rible abdominacl injuries,. as well as nasty. lacerations of the faeo and heald, whilst her child's thigh becamee brbken. Tlhe Water Tarust at Yea lately il vited applications from persons willing to furnish plans for supplyingthat township with watter. by geravittion, and Messrs Hodgsocn and SimitL, .who submittcil'-etilmates; to the lienalh Water Trust in connection with a similar undertaking some time back, have prepared five dift'rent .scachmes for consideration. The cost of carry ing thlecil out iangecs from c£000 to £7000. A' s yet tie Trust alludel to lcas not decielced wsuit to do, in regard to thleeia. : , "Stuck Up"-a now novesl by a0t Gould-- 2s each. Agent VilcroI SAc's, Clhemist, Neows-agent and SeedlS mac, Nunn-sticeet, Beonlla.-'A"-T] The usual monthly moetinc of the Benalla WVaterworks Trust was held act tle Council Clhambers yesterdcy. Thle secretary reioportede that the trust- 'lma in credit to the extent of £542 18s lI. J.li. Clarkle reported that hle Ihad col. lectedsince lhast meeting £310 Gs hi1 in water rates. 'lhe amouct of a?r.?iy of rates to date swas given ars £10 10s.. Thle cnmounts due or vacanut lcI lotmonts was stated to be £167. AP counts to theo amount of .£20 17s Gl were passed for paymenot. On the motion of Comr. Ginni5:an the ratoe for the ensuing 12 months wsas ficed at Is in the pound on valuation, wVitah a 10s minimum to be made applice40l to vacant allotments whore water i niot laid on. It was resolved on tdie motion of Comre. Little, seconded i Comr. Ginnivan, that summonseci issued against all ratepiyers in;.csariad , ? ....2-- ---?-----" Oar Gorsunbst correspotident w'itel an follows:-')luring the past month lth 'Ioal factoly ldealt with about 87,000 gal. of milk, and paid for sam))e at' the ate S2d per gallon for it test of 3.8, some u-pplies receiving Is high" as 3d:l. The larga aI.ounit of .1930 wasJtilI to 0o113 supplier for tlhe month, and at nluml)er of ptluir.s received butweeil £L0 aold Mr tRobert nDaividson, farmer, ail niattuin, reported to tlhe police a fe? days ago t.hat a chesn3ut .ar0e boe longing to him liad been stoleil fi'rom the roadside, near 1his farLml, WLIChee'he anlmnl had been turned out to graze. A mare ircsenlbling the above Ihas beron found by the L3laledon police in p)s s: essio of aI nllll who'gao thle t unle of William Cochlane. .e was arI' ierstedl llld stiallld charged with the crime. T'i0" Agrictiltuiml dl epartnintt IIhas b:Iln experimenting with asparagus, vith thle view ofitscertlaiing whether it can .beo slhipped to EnIgland in cool Sclhaiine; A few. bunches cut on :13rd Oclober -were placed in the refrigcilat 'in; clihamber ini Flinders-str iot, with thi ends sealed. They -were kept "I ore for foity-onu days in 3 tempLera . tii iof f rolim 34 to 30 degrees. Thlle ox Slellct`i "s pionounced successful. ni• mlh r.r'n.peri.nents '0ill prohabl"y lh 3[r G Gould, a Staote school teachler at .Joyhu South, transferred to Boggy Creek. Tl.e .Ovens ailnd . urrl'ay District. WeWsleyan Synod will bo conllenc)ed in the local church of that denomina tion to-day. The Kyabrlan Fime Pr1lss states that, sonmie time iago, a. spaniel belong ing to Mir J. Armstrong, of Tong:ln, Spickedk up a. poisonous balit, and was pretty far gone when its owner gave it, sour milk, 0which h"le had been told was a soveureign remedy and ithe. dog re. covered rapidly. List week two little girls were walking along the road:ul, not far.from tlhe house,wllen they noticed ,a couple of fox terriers that were fol lowing t3hem3 running around a piece o)f hark in ain excited nmannler. The girls lifted up the piecd of barkl, and thoro lay it hargo snLke 5 feet long. l'They gota great fright, and hurriedly nwloed to ia respectful distanlco. The fox terriers, however, rushed ill and wor riedl the sllatle0 to death, )bu t not be for they were both bitten. When I they retulrned to thel house they b1egan to stagger, showing unllmistakeably the eellcts of the poison. Some sour buthnter 3milk was hlandy, 33)and Mri Armnlst3ro"g placed thi. before thel. Tlhe 'one ilranmkfreely of it and recovered, whilst thuother dog refused to touch tile millk and tlied, "It.appears highly lrobable I from tllese cases that thile sour Inilk acts a 3s all antidoto in both snake bite-and 1 arsenic poisoning. I 