HOW WE BEAT THE 'FAVORITE. {By 'Dimbla') In the year eighty eight I -first met my fate When seeking Dame Fortune to woo On a racehorse's speed, wo had a good lead And we trusted thatshe'd pull us through. Bat the old fickle jade she game of us made, And turned all our castles'to air ; We played for a stake, hoping riches to make But our turn in the tide was not there. We picked a good horse, and, as matter of ccmr8e» « , , Thought than back him we'd naught else to do 1 We put up our staff, till the book's cried enough, And they hailed ns as being true blue. There were five In our ring— what change time doth bring, For now there are only two living ; Too fast was the pace in life's rapid race For them, so they dropped in tb' - w swing. But 'tis always '' aft game, we play up the: And chbnce to some luck tutntag tip To keep us afloat in life's fickle boat But now lor my tale ol a Cup. In tbe tioa&tfry; we'd tried him, t^ Melbotirne j fre hied him, J. On testing his speed by the ticker ; TTU breeding was splendid, his temper com mended, And for distance hu sire was a sticker. So When we got down with our oash into town, We startled the room with our betting ; A hundred to one was the prioe we begun, But that was soon over for getting. A hundred pounds cash was the amount of our splash, But we satisfied were with the score Which we felt would be ours in a few fleet* ing houn, 60 in plunging we did not risk more. The day ot the race I shall never efface From my memory as long as it's green ; The cxcitcment immense, the tension intense, Could all on our faces be seen. Arrived on the course we bad seen to our hone, Wc found him as fit as a fiddle ; But of thoBe on the card some nuts there were hard, Could we crack them ? ah, that was a riddle. The distance was long but the runners were strong, All trained to the pink of condition ; In a championship race the main thing's not pace, Bnt of rider who knows a position. We knew we could count on tbe one we did mount, He bore a good name 'mongst his class ; As a rule they're red hot and soon go to pot, Bat tbis one let all evils pass. With instructions galore we loaded him o'er, And we felt for a cert, we must win ; As we hied to a place to witness the race, Which now would so shortly begin. As the starter rode out there aroae a great shout For the horses were restive and fresh ; And at the word, 'Go,' they all in a row Bounded off like hounds alipped from the leash. Oar hearts now stood still when loud cried out Bill, 'Our nag, boys, is pulling him double.' As they raced past the stand they were all well in hand, Too soon for them yet to scent trouble. But soon the field spread, and one outsider led, At the back of the course they were thin ning ; The favorite was sixth, oar horse he was next, And we felt ourselves inwardly grinning. rhen both seemed let out, which brought forth a shout From the crowd who delight in good rac ing, The pair came away and they seemed like to stay. And they soon were the others outpacing, As the turn they drew near we could not but cheer, Our goer they hailed as the winner ; The bookies joined in, and their faoes did grin, As they scented a chance of a skinner. As they entered the straight, some otherB too late Made a run at the top of their speed ; But beyond one or two, whom the knowing ones knew, They were hopelessly out of the lead. Wild shouts rent the air, men seemed in despair, As tbe favorite appeared to be done, Our nag was still gaining, and every nerve straining, Bat no race is over till won. A few yards from home our hearts turned to stone j As another camc into the tussle, | He'd slipped alongside from the othcre most wide, And cscapcd us amidst all the buBtle. He came very fast when n earing the last Twenty yards — not more— from the post, He still had a run, the others were done, Our jockey he looked like a ghost. Yet he shook up the nag, with the spurs j gave a jag, I He responded as game as wc reckoned, With the rails on his side he gallantly tried, Bat the numbers went up— only second. A nose, the judge said, was all the first led, Our hone had run true to bis name ; And although all our hope had ended in smoke, We'd published a racehorse's fame. Many races he's run, and many he's won, Since he had his tint go with the cracks ; And although we were done, we had lots of fun, From the thousands in « which wc stood whacks. 1 Anticipation, they say, is more in its day I Than the realisation of pleasure ; I That being the case, wc ha-i during tho race I Of brightest high hopes fullest measure. Wc grudg£3 not the money, some may think that funny, | By the instinota of sport we were led ; : We'd one satisfaction — a good one in I action — The favorite we beat by a head. Under Prince Lobanoff, the Russian Government is developing considerable activity. In Eastern Asia, in Turkey— everywhere, in fact— the Russian bear is showing his paw. According to a statement of tbe Frankfurter Zritunp, Russia is now negotiating with Denmark for the cession of the islands of Ohristianso— comprising the three small islands of Estholm, Chris tiansholm and FredrickBholm— 11 or 12 miles to the north-east of Bornholto. There is no harbor there practicable for large vessels, but the Russians wish to establish a coaling station is the Baltic, 