Ulmarra. MONDAY... ; DROUGHT.-To show people on the Clarence that other partsof the country are suffering os much as this, the following extract from a private letter will show-"We arc having a terrible drought all over New England, the worst experienced for many years. Stock ore dying in hundreds, both sheep and cattle, and those that remain are like walking ghosts. The farmers have not been able to get their-'crops in, consequently next winter will be a bard one, even if the drought were to break up now, as it would be too lale to sow most of the crops which are grown here." ON Tuesday night last we had 35 points of rain, and the improved appearance of grass and growing crops is wonderful. We understand grubs are attacking tho maize plants. Those who have potatoes, also, are not satisfied with their crop. THE members of the School of Arts have decided to reduce the membership fees hy one half. The course was adopted in con- sideration of the hard times now existing, and also to induce tho increase of members. Seeing that there are over 800 volumes, besides periodicals and free library books, the reduction should accomplish the purpose for which it is intended. THE Rev. Mr. GRAY announced on Sunday that subscriptions towards the building fund af the Presbyterian Church would be received by the Secretary, Mr, Leeson. We notice that some of the timher is now on tho ground, so that work will, no donbt, shortly be commenced. REPRESENTATIVES of the dairying industry of Grafton, Southampton nnd Ulmarra meet at the last named place on Wednesday next, to devise some. means to recognise the services of a gentleman who has rendered valuable services to t he district in connection with the establishment of the Fresh Food and Ice Company's works in Grafton, and creameries in other parts of, the district. Messrs. Retallick, M'Leod, Niland and Bailey aro the representatives whowill meet the others to arrange matters. A meeting of the church-workers of St. Paul's Anglican Church, Ulmarra, was held on Wednesday last, when it wns resolved to start a Sunday school in connection with the Diocesan Sunday School Association, com- mencing on October 0. Already five ladies have promised to become teachers, and others will also assist. The niilk supply to the local Factory is increasing. . -. ? . ? 