ENTHRONEMENT OF BISHOP HARMER. AN IMPRESSIVE CERE MONY. ST. PETER'S CATHEDRAL CROWDED. SERMON BY THE BISHOP. The enthronement of an Anglican Bishop in Adelaide is not an event so fresh as when Dr. Kennion was thus honoured in St. Peter's Cathedral twelve years ago. The ritual is, however, of a sufficiently rare and imposing a character as to make it attractive to hundreds of good Churchmen and their friends. On Thursday morning was completed the last of the ceremonial acts by which the Right Rev. John Reginald Harmer, M.A., D.D., entered into the dignity and upon the duties of third Bishop of Adelaide. The event excited much interest amongst the reli gious community in general, and the mem bers of the Church of England in particular, who looked forward to the ceremony with feelings of considerable pleasure, because it placed at the head of the English Church in South Australia a clergyman who, by reason of his intellectual attainments and ecclesias tical training in the old land, is considered to be eminently qualified to succeed a prelate like Dr. Kennion. The new Bishop was selected for this See by the Archbishop of Canterbury and the Bishops of Manchester, Wakefield, and Bath and Wells, together with Bishop Selwyn, late of Melanesia ; and the fact that these Prelates were unanimous in their choice indicates to a great extent the manner of man who will guide the destinies of the Anglican Church in the province of South Australia. Dr. Harmer was educated at Eton, where he was captain of the school and Newcastle Scholar, and at King's College, Cambridge. He was Bell University scholar in 1878. Cains Greek Testament prizeman in 1881, and graduated fifth in the Classical Tripos in the same year. In 1883 he obtained a first-class in the Theological Tripos as well as the Evans, and Scholefield prizes, was elected to a Fellow ship at his college, and was ordained deacon the same year as curate at Monkwearmouth in the Diocese of Durham. In the following year be was appointed Domestic Chaplain to the late Bishop of Durham, Dr. Lightfoot, and remained with the Bishop until His Lord- ship's death in 1889, when he returned to Cambridge on his appointment as a Fellow of Corpus Christi College. From that time to his appointment to the Bishopric he was engaged in bringing out the posthumous works of Dr. Lightfoot, under the direction of the trustees of the Lightfoot Fund. In 1891, on the death of the Rev. S. S. Lewis, he was appointed Librarian of the Corpus Christi College Library. At the time of his selection for the See of Adelaide he was Dean of Corpus Christi College, Vice-Principal of the Cam bridge Training School, and Examining Chaplain to the Bishop of Durham. Before he left England the University of Cambridge conferred upon him the degree of D.D. The imposing ceremony on Thursday—one of the most interesting ecclesiastical events which has occurred in the Colonies—was the third of the kind that has been witnessed in this Diocese, which, by-the-way, is close upon the jubilee of its foundation. The late Dr. Augustus Short, first Bishop of Adelaide, and the only one appointed by letters patent from the Crown, was consecrated in Westminster Abbey on St. Peter's Day, 1847, and enthroned at Trinity Church in Adelaide forty-eight years ago last January. Dr. George Wyndham Kennion, the second Bishop, who now presides over the Sea of Bath and Wells, and was consecrated in the same sacred edifice on St. Andrew's Day, 1883, was enthroned in Adelaide on March 7, 1883, and there were many present on Thursday who were reminded of the impressive and solemn ceremonial of twelve years ago. Following the custom, a day intervened between the arrival and en thronement of Dr. Harmer. The arrangements of the ceremonial, which were perfect, were conducted by the Precen tor of the Cathedral (Rev. W.S. Milne), the Registrar (Mr. A. Sturoke), and the Honorary Wardens of the Cathedral, who were— Messrs. A. L. Harrold, F. Wright, E. M. Smith, B. A. Moulden, G. W. Hawker, W. Pope. W. S. Douglas. F. A. Lakeman, W. Honeywill, G. Gill, F. Halcomb, and W. Warner. Long before the hour appointed for the opening of the service the seats in the Cathe dral were occupied. There were upwards of 800 persons present, including the clergy and choir. Mrs. Harmer sat in the Bishop's seat with Mrs. Marryat and the Misses Marryat. His Excellency the Lieutenant-Governor, with Professor Pennefather, Private Secretary, and Major H. B. Taylor, A.D.C., and Sir Richard and Lady Baker were in the front seats, where the Mayor, Aldermen, and Councillors in their municipal robes were also accommodated. The civic party comprised the Mayor (Mr. O. Tucker), the Town Clerk (Mr. T. Worsnop, Aldermen Buik, Kither, Skethewsy, and Tomkinson, Coun cillor Bower, Bruce, Darby, Downs, Hughes, Johnson, and Wells, and the bearer of the mace. The Commissioner of Police (Mr. W. J. Peterswald) also had a special chair for his accommodation. The congregation included the Hon. J. Warren, M.L.C., and Messrs. H. E. Downer, M.P., H. A. Grainger, M.P., and W. Griffiths, M.P., as well as the Rev. A. T. Boas (minister of the Hebrew congregation) and members of other denominations. The chancel and nave of the sacred building were most appropriately decorated, palm branches surrounding the pillars, and choice flowers, chiefly lilies, being arranged on the altar and by the choir stalls. The service was similar to that held at the enthronement of Dr. Kennion in the same Cathedral. The clergy, with the Bishop, assembled in the Cathedral Hall at 10 o'clock for the purpose of robing; and forming the procession into the Cathedral. There were present :— Dean Marryat (Administrator of the Diocese), Archdeacons Dove, Morse, and French, Canons Coombs, Andrews, Poole, and Green, and the Revs. W. S. Milne, J. G. E. Mackenzie. E. K. Miller, W. H. Mudie, T. Field, J. Sunter, Y. Williams. F. W. Sam well, T. Blackburn, R. Kenny. H. M. Pollitt, A. Honner, W. S. Moore, W. S. Hopcraft, H. Girdleetone, R. B. Webb, T. M. Boyer. J. C. Haynes. E. K. Yeatman, P. R. P. Dodd, G. E. Young, T. Ward, L. Durno, A. W. Clampett, W. A. Moore. J. S. Way- land. W. J. Bussell, A. E. Green, W. A., Swan, F. H. Stokes, C. A. Hornabrook, S. J. Bloyd, K. W. Pobjoy, M. Willams, J. G. Pitcher, J. Lumsden, W. G. M. Murphy, T. Warren, K. MacDonnell, C. S. Beaumont, P. Tower, J. Hussey, F. E. Perrin, A. K. Chignell, U. S. Slade. A. Craven, W. A. Campbell, F. W. Wilkinson. R. W. G. Dempster, W. H. Higgs, A. Wheeler, H. A. Brooksbank, G. Griffiths, and C. W. Haw kins. The procession entered the Cathedral In the following order before 10:— Hono rary wardens, synodsmen (numbering about fifty), choristers, lay clerks, deacons, priests, honorary canons, the Precentor (Rev. W. S. Milne, B.D.), Canon Coombs, Canon Anrews, Archdeacon of Petersburg and the North, Archdeacon of the Broughton, Archdeacon of Adelaide, the Dean, the Bishop, the Acting Chaplains to the Bishop (the Rev. F. Williams and J. G. K. Mackenzie), the Chancellor (Dr. Barlow), and the Registrar (Mr. A. Sturoke). Those composing the procession having taken their places while the processional hymn No. 431 was being sung, the Bishop was con ducted to a seat in the chancel, and prayers were road by the Precentor. The following collect was then said by the Dean:— O Thou Good Shepherd of the sheep, who but gathered to Thyself a great flock in all parts of the world, assist with Thy heavenly grace all Bishops and Pastors, that they may lead Thy people into good pastures and bring them safely to Thine eternal fold. And to this Thy servant who has been invested with the office of a Bishop, we pray that it may please Thee to grant him such strength of faith and fervour of love and purity of life that he may use its office well. So we that are Thy people and the sheep of Thy pasture will give Thee thanks for ever, Who with the Father and the Holy Ghost livest and reignest one God, world without end. Amen. Psalms lxxxvii., cxxii, and cxxxiii. were sung, after which the Bishop delivered to the Dean his letters commendatory from the Archbishop of Canterbury, which the Dean handed to the Registrar, who read them to the congregation. The Bishop then made the following decla ration: — I John Reginald, Bishop of Adelaide, do hereby promise to respect, maintain, and defend the rights, privileges, and liberties or this Church and Diocese, and to rule therein with truth, jus tice and chanty, not lording it over God's heri tage, but endeavouring to show myself in all things an example to the flock; and this I will do, the Lord being my helper. The choir responded "Amen." The Bishop, accompanied by his acting or honorary chaplains, was then conducted to the throne within the altar rails by the Dean, who said— In the name of God. Amen. By virtue of my office as Dean of this Cathedral Church, and on behalf of the Dean and Chapter and of the Synod of Adelaide, I, Charles Marryat, Master of Arts, to induct thee, John Reginald, Doctor of Divinity, into the occupation of the See and Diocese of Adelaide, and wherewith do install thee in the possession, authority, and jurisdiction which pertain to the Bishop of this See in accor dance with the fundamental provisions and regu lations of this Diocese. The Dean next presented the Pastoral Staff, saying : — Reverend Father in God, this Pastoral Staff was presented by the members of the Church in this Diocese to Bishop Short, on the twenty- fifth anniversary of his consecration in Westminster Abbey. Bishop Short presented it to his successor, Bishop Kennion. on his conse cration in the same Abbey, "to be (as he said) an heirloom in the Cathedral of St. Peter, Adelaide, for the use of the Bishops of Adelaide in succession; in remembrance also of the consecra tion of the first two Bishops of the See in the Abbey Church of St. Peter, Westminster. It is now my duty to present it to yon, the third Bishop of this Diocese, also consecrated in the same venerable building. The Crook can never fail to call to call to mind the loving voice of the Great Shepherd. Feed my lambs— Tend my sheep. Feed my sheep. But each part has its significance. As one old adage runs— Curra trahit, quae recta regit, pars ultima pungit, or as another directs— Attrahe peccatores, rege justus, pange rebelles It is thus a symbol of the spirit of love, truth, and power. Reverend Father in God. In the name of the clergy and laity of this Diocese I now place this Pastoral Staff, the emblem of your Episcopal office, in your hands. Long may you hold it, and rule this Diocese to the glory of God, and the edifying and well- governing of the Church. May the Great Good Shepherd be with you, and bless you at all times and in all things. Amen. Then followed the anthem (Psalms xxxvi. 5,6,10,7)— Thy mercy, O Lord, reacheth unto the heavens, and Thy faithfulness unto the clouds. Thy righteousness standeth like strong moun tains; Thy judgments are like the great deep. O continue forth Thy loving-kindness unto them that know Thee; and Thy righteousness unto them that are true of heart. How excellent is Thy mercy, O God: and the children of men shall put their trust under the shadow of Thy wings. The impressive communion service was began by the Bishop, the Archdeacon of Flinders (Archdeacon Dove) acting as epistoler and the Archdeacon of Adelaide (Archdeacon Morse) as Gospeller. After the Nicene creed, the majestic hymn "Alleluia ! sing to Jesus" was rendered by the choir and congregation. Christian Unity. Dr. Harmer then preached from the text— "There is one body and one spirit, even as ye are called in one hope of your calling; one Lord, one faith, one baptism, one God and Father of All, who is above all, and through all, and in you all."— Eph. iii. 4-6. A journey from England to Australia is a striking object-lesson of the entry and the dis tribution of the great Anglo Saxon race. The same language which has bidden the voyager farewell there meets him as he lands, bat tered about with many thousand miles of sea, with the friendly utterance of welcome. The same well-known and well-loved type of face which be naturally calls up to his recol lection when he thinks of the blessed word 'homo' smiles upon him as he sets foot on this vast continent which is perhaps the point in the globe furthest distant from that little group of islands which is the cradle of the great English race. At the brief stopping places in his voyage he has found himself surrounded with novelties of every kind — now arid wastes of sand, now tropical foliage in full luxuriance ; and above all with new races of mankind, ranging from the swarthy dignified features of the Arab to the coal-black visage, the flashing teeth, and woolly hair of the mulatto. But the hand which grasps his band in wel come here is white as the hand which pressed it last under the chalk cliffs of Dover, and underneath the white skin courses the red English blood. Such an experience con jurs up many trains of thought as to the essentials for the spread and the maintenance of a great colonial empire. This is not the time nor the occasion to pursue the subject in detail, but that there must be some under lying principles of cohesion goes without say- ing, otherwise the mass would fall to pieces at the first sturdy blow aimed at from out- side. To lay down rules about those neces- sary principles would be to court argu- ment and to open the door to controversy, and to the stability of an ideal empire I suppose that three elements would be admitted on all hands to contribute very con- siderably. 1. Unity of race. 2. Unity of language. 3. Identity of interest, purpose, and policy ; or, in other words, one blood, one tongue, one interest. To test this statement for a moment in the light of past history. The story of American independence is a proof of the first two elements (one blood, one tongue), strong and binding though they are, and sufficient to prevent disruptions when the third element (one interest) is lamentably wanting. On the other hand, the history of our magnificent Indian Empire shows to demonstration that where identity of in terest exists many people and many tongues can be welded together under one dominant nation, alien in its origin, and numerically in a hopeless minority, because that dominant nation offers not merely com mercial advances, but the priceless boon of even-handed justice, individual liberty, and security to life and property. You will not be surprised that I have not included "one religion" among the essentials which go to bind together a great empire. You will not be surprised, I say, because before this you will have realized that the idea which I have set before you is intended merely as a step ping-stone by which your thoughts should rise to contemplate an infinitely greater and more inspiring society, vaster than any world empire in ancient or modern times, older than any existing mon archy or republic, and destined to survive them all. This vast Society, the Christian Church, scattered throughout the world, capable of embracing every tribe and tongue and every condition of mankind, repudiating that is to say, those trammels and restrictions which bind together the empires of man's making, but nevertheless her watchwords and her credentials which brace together and form the fibre of her system. These credentials the great Apostle of the Gentiles, to whom was committed the breaking down of the barriers which would have confined to the Jewish people the universal message of the Gospel, specifies in the words of my text — "There is one body and one spirit, even as ye are called in one hope of your call ing: one Lord, one faith, one baptism, one God and Father of all, who is above all, and through all, and in you all." Glance for a moment at these credentials, those title deeds of that great Society to which you and I belong. There is, first of all, belief in the Triune God, in the one Spirit, the one Lord Jesus Christ, the one God and Father. Next, there is belief in the universal Fatherhood of God — "One God and Father of all, who is above all, and through all, and in you all;" the rejection of the idea of God as a first cause, merely bound down by national laws, the victim of his own machinery; and the repudiation of all sad and narrow doctrines of predestination of certain people to eternal death, abhorrent from the conception of a loving Creator who in the wards of the great English poet "made and loveth all." Thirdly, there is the acceptance of the doctrine of a future life, one hope of our calling, the hope of glory hereafter through the merits and death of Jesus Christ — a doctrine which carries with it the thoughts of judgment, of responsibility, of life on earth as a probation, of the ultimate triumph of good over evil. Lastly, to pass from the unseen to the tangible, there is the one body, the Church, a visible Society, surely, for otherwise the mention of the "one baptism" as her rite of initiation, and of the "one faith" as the staple of her teaching would be meaningless and out of place — the Church, with its ministry and sacra ments, all that is implied in St. Paul's well known use of the word "body" as implying membership in Christ — the Church, permeated by the "one Spirit" which her ascending Lord left to His disciples as her legacy "unto the ends of the ages." If, then, a thrill of confidence and satisfaction comes, as come it must upon every English voyager arriving at your great continent, as he allows the sense of homeliness to flood his soul at the sight of dear, familiar faces in this far-off land, and of the British flag with the crosses of St. George and of St. Andrew intertwined, and at the cadence of friendly words of greeting in his well-loved native tongue, what, think you, must be the measure of his rest, his refreshment, his in spiration as he realises afresh his membership in the commonwealth of Christianity, wider than any tie of race or nation or circumstance, as he once more takes part publicly in creed and versicle and collect, drawn from the English Prayer-book, which he loves, and kneels with his fellow-worshippers in that most sacred rite of all—the Holy Communion of the body and blood of our Saviour Jesus Christ? This is no less than space anni hilated, and the whole world become one family in Christ. The mention of the English Prayer-book reminds at that it is as members of the great Angli can branch of the Church that we gather together in this Cathedral to-day. Suffer me to say a word or two as to her historic position and her claims. Planted in the little island of Britain sometime in the second or third century, probably by missiona ries from Gaul, the British Church emerges from obscurity in the fourth century, when she is important enough to send her representatives to the Council of Arles, in Southern Gaul, where their names appear among those who signed the acts of that Council — eleven years before the Nicene Creed was formulated. Beaten back westwards with the British tribes before the victorious advance of the Anglo - Saxon heathen hordes, she still continued her vitality, till by the efforts of St. Augustine, sent from Rome nearly 1,300 years ago, and of St. Aidan summoned by St. Oswald from Celtic Iona a few years later. Kent in the South, and Northumbria in the North, were reconquered for Christ by the conversion of their Anglo-Saxon possessors, and from these centres northward and southward the Cross went forward till the whole Anglo Saxon race from sea to sea confessed the name of the Lord Jesus. And as Rome and Ireland and Britain contributed to the evangelization of this composite people from which we spring, so the Eastern Church likewise pro vided her share in the person of the great organizing Archbishop of Canter bury of the seventh century, Theo dore of Tarsus, St. Paul's fellow countryman, who subdivided her dioceses, called into being her Synodical action, and laid the foundations of her parochial system ; so that long before there was one united England there was one united English Church. For ward she has gone through the centuries, with her orderly succession of bishops, priests, and deacons, the living representatives of Anglo Saxon Christianity. Follow her down to the Reformation, how did she bear herself in that that crisis of religious thought? She came out of it reformed from within; she threw off the accretions of superstitions, which, as she felt, impaired the purity of the Gospel teaching and hid the face of her Redeemer. But she did not cast aside her ancient creeds, nor, as other reformers, abandon the threefold ministry which linked her to her great sister Churches in east and west, and to the sub-Apostolic age to which she owed her origin. And if her position, insular though it was, was powerful in its conciliatory moderation, what of her position now, now that the enterprise of the Anglo-Saxon nation has peopled those new worlds which at the time of the Reforma tion were hardly known, if known at all ? With the open Bible in her hands she appeals to the great Nonconformist bodies from whom in times of her apathy or intolerance she has been sundered ; on the other side, with the unbroken succession of her ministry, and the unimpaired rule of her faith, she appeals to the great Roman and Eastern communions, with which reconciliation, which is not absorption, demands as essentials these pre-requsites. Thus, as has been truly said, she stands intermediate, that she may be mediatory. Brethren, when I think of her providential history, preserved in spite of periods, now of persecution from without, now of lethargy and indolence within, and of her infinite possibili ties in the future as a healer of the nations, I, as a humble member of that Church, am con strained to exclaim, in the words of the Psalmist, "The lot is fallen unto me in a fair ground ; yea, I have a goodly heritage, thou hast set my feet in a large room." Let me not be misunderstood. I do not condemn those who prefer to stand outside her. There is a stateliness in her cere monial which to some minds may readily appear stiffness, a dignity which may be slow to adapt herself to changing circum stances, a reserve which some may construe into a discouragement of religious enthusiasm. Again, there are very many who find themselves outside her from their birth, because their fathers and their grandfathers have wor shipped elsewhere, and they but follow where godly parents have led the way. But I do plead that those who have lightly left her because she is not perfect should weigh what they have lost, and that those who have deliberately and conscien tiously chosen another path should set against the personal religious advantages which they feel they have gained the serious and real scandal of a divided English Christianity. I have spoken of the closeness of the union which membership in the Christian Church brings with it, a union more intimate than ties of blood or race. Permit me to illustrate this union in my own person to-day. I face this large congregation, among whom there are at the most six persons in all whom I have known a week. Yet in a spiritual sense we are not strangers. For we believe in the communion of saints, and what does this confession imply? It implies that sacred invisible union which links to gether the Church Triumphant with the Church Militant, those who have passed beyond the grave with us who run the race in the great arena of life. But the phrase "communion of saints" implies far more than this. It means the spiritual link which knits together the Christian Church this side of the grave, all who whether here or elsewhere call upon Christ's name, members alike of that mystical body in which if one member suffer all the members suffer with it, or if one member be glorified all the members rejoice at it. This sacred union has made us friends already. Unknown by face to one another, we have yet knelt at the one table of the Lord, which is spread throughout Christendom. We have prayed the same prayers. We have, I doubt not in the past few weeks, made suppli- cation for each other that our mutual inter course may be for the furtherance of Christ's kingdom and the deepening of our own spiritual life. One body—why the very name implies the most intimate association of part with part for good or for evil. The sensitiveness of the human frame, with its exquisite system of nerves and ganglion, may have been designed by God for the very purpose of affording a continual parable of the intimate association which should exist between Christian and Christian, just, as the Apostle tells us, human marriage was ordained to exhibit the intimacy and tenderness of Christ's love for his Church. For our union with one another in Christ will outlast these our mortal frames as surely as the love of Christ for His own will continue in that plane when they neither marry nor are given in marriage. And my concluding thought is suggested by the text in relation to the Trinity season in which we find ourselves. It has been well said that society on earth is the reflection of the great heavenly society. The threefold personality of God is the archtype of all corporate life on earth, whether in the family, the State, or in the Church. The wonderful discourse in the upper room before His passion — which is the most fully recorded of all the discourses of our Lord, except, per hap, the Sermon on the Mount, but which, unlike that sermon, is not a manifesto to the world, but a revelation of the Master's inner self to the eleven faithful Apostles— closes, as you will remember, with a prayer which sums up the whole — a prayer for his Church. and a prayer for unity — " that they all may be one as Thou Father art in me, and I in Thee, that the world may believe that Thou hast sent Me." In the light of this prayer the words of our text receive a new significance. The Apostle's appeal to unity supplies not merely the title- deeds of the Christian Church; it shows the goal at which she should be for ever aiming. Christian unity is the consummation of the prayer which her Master and Redeemer uttered the night before He suffered. It is the reflection of the unity of the great Three in One. It is the evidence to the world of Christ's divine mission—"I pray that they may be one, that the world may know that Thou hast sent Me." Every breach of union, every jarring note, every act of self-assertion which sets personal ambition or personal convenience above the interest of the body corporate is a demonstration to the world of the failure of Christ's work. The ironical exclamation, "See how these Christians love one another," has time after time checked faith and frustrated the divine purpose. I thank God that I have been called to a diocese where, owing to the wise administration of my two great predecessors, unity exists in a remarkable degree. May God's Holy Spirit direct my inexperience and support my feeble ness, that no root of bitterness of my planting may spring up to trouble you. The beautiful Pastoral Staff which has just been com mitted to my trust, and the significance of which is emphasized by the fact of its presentation within the octave of St. Peter's Day will, I trust, be a constant reminder of the Great Shepherd's glorious promise, "There shall be one flock and one Shepherd." Immediately after the sermon the offertory sentences were sung, during which the wardens received the alms of the people for devotion to the Cathedral services fund. The Communion service was further proceeded with. After the clergy had knelt at the altar the lay members of Synod and a large number of ladies com municated. Presentation of Addresses A meeting of Synod was held subsequently in St. Barnabas College, fifty of the clergymen and thirty-three members of the laity attend ing. The Dean presided. The Registrar (Mr. A. Stureke) laid on the table all the papers connected with the ap- pointment, consecration, and enthronement of the new Bishop, as well as the certificate signed by the Dean, and said every- thing required by the regulations in connection with the appointment and taking of office of the new Bishop had been concluded. He also presented the re- port of the Select Committee appointed by Synod to make the necessary arrangements connected with the appointment of a successor to Dr. Kennion. The Dean — All these papers being correct, I have much pleasure in requesting his Lord- ship to take the chair. Dr. Harmer complied, the members of synod standing and cheering. The Dean then presented the Bishop with the following address :— To the Right Rev. John Reginald, D.D., by divine permission Lord Bishop of Adelaide.— Right Rev. Father in God— We the clerical and lay Members of the Synod of the Diocese of Ade laide desire to grant your Lordship with an expres sion of dutiful allegiance to you as our Bishop, and a hearty welcome on your arrival in the Diocese. From the time when the selection of a Bishop was delegated to His Grace the Archbishop of Canter bury and a committee of Bishops prayers have been made without ceasing to the Divine Head of the Church that one might be sent to us who would be a worthy follower of your honoured predecessors, Bishop Short and Bishop Kennion; and since the news arrived that the choice had fallen upon you, earnest supplications have been offered in every Church in the Diocese that the blessing of God may rest on all your labours amongst us. We recognise fully the value of your high intellectual training and the expe rience gained whilst serving under such eminent prelates as Bishop Lightfoot and Bishop Westcott, and we beg respectfully to assure you of our desire, as representing the clergy and laity of the Diocese, to co-operate with you in the arduous duty which lies before you of ruling the Church in a new country and in times of special difficulty. The Bishop replied — Rev. brethren and brethren of the laity, I am under so many obligations to you already that as I rise I hardly know where to begin to express those obligations. First I have to thank you for your friendly address of welcome which was voted at the last meeting of Synod, and a copy of which was given to me on my landing in Ade laide. I have also to thank you for your presence at Largs Bay on Tuesday, which did more than I can say to encourage me on entering a strange country with such arduous duties before me. I have to again thank you, and I wish to couple the thanks of my wife with mine, for the improvements which you have voted to Bishop's Court. And now I find myself under obligations for your hearty and cordial welcome this day—the day on which I assume those duties to which I have been called, unworthy though I am. It is indeed a happy omen to my mind that we are assembled in the Hall of St. Barnabas College when we consider that it is dedicated to him who is the son of consolation and strength, for you have indeed strengthened my hands to-day. (Applause.) With regard to my consecration it is fair to tell you frankly how the difficulty perhaps is which you were placed occurred, owing to two dates having been given out for my consecration. I was told by the Archbishop's Secretary that my consecration would take place on May 1, and so I cabled out to the Dean accordingly. A few days afterwards I received information that the Archbishop would be away from England till a later date, and that Ascension Day would be the first date on which it would be possible for him to consecrate me in person though it was possible for the Bishop of London to con secrate me with the Bishop of Stepney. On taking the advice of Bishop Kennion, with whom I felt sure you would agree, I thought it would be better to defer the con secration till Ascension Day, because I would then come to you consecrated by the hands of the Archbishop of Canterbury. (Cheers.) And again, I thought it would be a happy coincidence if the three Bishops of Adelaide were consecrated at St. Peter's, Westminster. (Applause.) It is with great regret that I hear that several of the clergy in the last few months have left, or are about to leave, this Diocese, notably Canon Poole, whose de- parture will be a serious loss to the Diocese. (Applause.) I think it is only right to wish him godspeed in the new work to which he has been called. It is a happy coincidence in another sense that I should have arrived on the shores of South Australia within the octave of St. Peter's Day. St. Peter's Day is a day of tender personal associations, owing to the fact that on that day from year to year the students of Bishop Lightfoot, of whom I was one, met as Auckland Castle». It has also a close association with this Diocese because it was the day of the consecration of the first great Bishop of Adelaide, the day of the laying of the foundation of your Cathedral, the day on which the Dean and others have personal association with the Diocese, inasmuch as the Dean was installed in his present office and previously as Archdeacon on that day. I am afraid you will find it was a great step in the wrong direction to come down from the administration of Bishop Kennion and from the Chairmanship of your adminis trator, who has such a great knowledge of finance and of the needs of the diocese, to one so inexperienced as myself. (Laughter.) But I know I can count on your hearty co operation and sympathy. If then is any- thing that can keep a Bishop from making mistakes wherever he goes it is, I think, a Synod — an excellent institution which ought to be introduced into the Dio ceses of England. (Laughter and applause.) I shall look to Synod, and particularly the Standing Committee of Synod, to keep me in the right path. I thank you for your presence to-day, which I doubt not is a matter of some inconvenience to many of you. I hope to soon know you all very much better. Let me state that should any of the clergy wish to have con firmations before the middle of September, I should be glad if they will communicate their wishes, so that I may fall in with them as much as possible. (Applause.) Mr. A. H. Roberts, the Secretary of the Sunday-school Union, then presented the fol lowing address:— To the Right Rev. John Reginald Harmer, D.D. Lord Bishop of Adelaide.— Right Rev. father in God— in the name of 11,983 Sunday-school children, taught by 1,035 teachers, in the Diocese of Adelaide, we members of the Church of England Sunday-school Union desire to greet your Lordship upon your arrival in South Australia with an earnest expression of devotion and respect for yourself and the high office which has by the providence of God devolved upon you. We venture to express the hope that among the multitudinous duties of your charge as overseer of the church of God in this Diocese your Lordship will find time, in your position as President of our Union, which you hold by virtue of your office, to assist and direct us by your counsel and godly admonitions, and your warm sympathy with the objects of the Union, and so afford us that en- couragement which will under the blessing of God give fresh energy to us in our work, which, we believe, has been of considerable value in the Diocese. Promising a hearty welcome from the teachers and scholars of the Sunday-schools throughout the Diocese, we are, your Lordship's obedient and faithful servants in Christ, T. Field, K. W. Pobjoy, J. Sunter, M. Twiss, V. Walters, A. Baker (Executive Committee C. E. S. S. U.), T. W. Lindow (Hon. Treasurer), A. H. Roberts (Hon. Secretary). The Bishop, in reply, said it was with par ticular pleasure that he received the address, because the office of a Sunday-school teacher was one of the highest offices any man or woman could undertake. At the same time the teacher was liable from time to time to become a victim to de spondency. To go Sunday after Sunday to teach children, some of whom were perhaps not receptive, was a work of self denial, and must be pleasing in the eyes of their blessed Master. If there was one par ticular object which their blessed Lord seemed to have nearest His heart, it was His affection for little children. He who said "Suffer little children to come unto me," He who committed the lambs to St. Peter, and He, who was not ashamed to take a children's game and use it as a parable, must be deep in the hearts and memories of those who were working to for- ward the interests of and to spiritualize the children of this Diocese. Whatever might be the case as regards the education of the State, whether its instruction was entirely secular or religion occupied a place in the cur riculum of its studies, the Sunday-schools must hold a paramount position in the work of any Diocese. (Applause.) Mr. J. A. Dunn, the Cathedral choir master, had arranged a specially suitable selection of music from the finest writers of ecclesiastical harmony, in order to enhance the effectiveness and solemnity of the ceremonial. He had a full choir, and himself officiated at the organ, and the en thronement service with full choral communion following was a still further evidence of the capabilities of the choir and the careful atten tion that Mr. Dunn has devoted so the music of the Church, which has already gained the warmest encomiums from the Bishop. After the Processional Hymn No. 431, "Disposer Supreme," Tallis's Festival Responses were sung, and the proper psalms, Nos. 87, 122, and 133 ware chanted to Wallace. Beethoven, and Woodward respectively, with the Cathe dral Psalter pointing. A portion of the 122nd, with its reminiscence of the Sonata Pathetique, and almost without accompani ment, was eminently devotional in its render ing. The anthem, "Thy mercy, O Lord, reacheth unto the Heavens," taken from the Psalms, one of the finest of the compositions of Hopkins, was admirably adapted to the occasion. The majestic opening and grand final choruses, in contrast to the exquisitely beautiful solo and quartet intervening, seemed at once to illustrate the rejoicing of the Church at the advent of their chief pastor, and to be a fervent supplication for mutual guid- ance and affection, with absolute accuracy and with the most perfect taste was the anthem given by the choir of well-balanced and even- toned voices. The principal music of the Communion service was Harfold Lloyd's in E flat, the offertory sentences being by Barnby. The majestic "Sanctus" was followed by a difficult yet solemnly beautiful setting of the "Benedictus" and "Agnus Dei" by Agutter in G. The sad penitential strains of Stainer's arrangement of the "Confession" were sung in that peculiarly reverential style which must appeal to the devotional feelings of the con gregation. An intricate sevenfold "Amen" by Stainer concluded one of the most impres sive choral celebrations ever witnessed in the Cathedral. The interludes and connecting organ music were played by Mr. Dunn in a manner which speaks volumes for his ability and taste. The Bishop and clergy left the Cathedral as the Recessional hymn No. 274 was being sung. 