THE GOLDEN ROCK. All Queensland Riohti Rbobtkd. SENSATIONAL ADVENTURE STORI. By ERNEST GLANVILLE, Author of "The Lost Heiress," " Tho Fair Gplouiat," " Tho Fosaiokors, " &o.;, tea. CHAPTER X.— (Continued.) The quartermaster came forward. ' The enemy has slackened oif, sir.' . 1 Ib that so?1 said the captain, taking a long look at the steamer's lights, ' Ha, 1 have it,' and he smacked his fist in his hand, shewing ihe first symptoms of excitement. ' He thinks we Ye gone down, and we'll lay to till morning, which oan't be far off.' 'There'll be gray light in an hour, ir !' The oaptain kept his eye on the steamer's light, which ruse and fell but kept itB place. ' Quartermaster, take your men below tor some hot grog uud a bite, and rouse Mr. Webster.' ' Aye, aye, sir.' The oaptain went to the tube. Slnoken speed, Mr. Diokson, and be very careful with your fires. Starboard your helm; bring her round.' The Swift went round with a steady wing, bringing the enemy's light on her port bows instead of over her starboard stern rails. The men lingered awhile to see the manoeuvre finished, and then went below, atisfied there was to be a fight. ' Keep her on that course now,' said the captain to the steersman. ' Mr. Webster,' he continued, as that officer stepped briskly up and took a glance round, ' see that everything is in readiness, and that the men take their positions without a word. Within an hour the fight will begin. 'Begin, sir? You've been at it this past three hourB, ond I've been in and out ' of my bunk a dozen times, while the men are all on the quiver.' ' We haven't come to knooka yet. I'll present my card in the morning, with a fiO-lb. rat- tat.' ' Webster laughed gaily as he Bet about his duties, and presently the men gathered silently to their posts, some of tbem every now and again stealing to the sides to make out the whereabouts of the enemy and the meaning of the manoeuvre which puzzled them, as one might gather from their whispered arguments. Tbo Swift stretched back towards the eastern horizon, where the darkness was quickly melting into the gray of dawn, and a deep silence rested on the ship, and over the shining heave of waters. Slowly the enemy's light wus overhauled, then sank astern, hut the Swift kept on its way until a tint of pink upptared in the Bky and the stars suddenly paled. ' The time has eome,' said the captain. 1 Are you all reudy ?' ' Aye, aye, sir !' came the answer in suppressed tones. ' Round with her, my man, on the port taok.' . The Swift rushed round, and there .was a murmur of admiring criticism from the " old tars as they now understood the mean ing of the captain's manoeuvre. 'They are satisfied now,' said the oap tain, grimly, to Frank. ' They thought 11 along, I'll be bound, that I oonld not fight this ship.' ' I confess, Bir, I don't understand your taction. ' ' Well, I suppose you don't. The eneinj ' fighting strength is evidently in her bow guns. So is ours. I have got the 'vantage of her by going into uotion on her beam. Mark me, before she can bear her bow guna on ns she'll be crippled. Full steam ahead 1' he shouted, and the low oraft rushed forward. The whole horizon on the esst was now bathed in the light, and in a moment the blood-red diso of the sun flamed above the blaok line of the waters, while streamers of light shot into tho sky. Straight ahead there rose a durk object. A shaft of golden light stretching across the waters Struok full upon it, and there stood out, in a glory of softest fire, the tall masts and long blaok hull of the Brazilian ship. She was at rest, rising and falling gently ; but there was a terrible awaken ing in store. Every minute brought her into clearer relief, though from the dark background beyond there wus a blurr about her dook, out of whioh, however, presently there emerged distinct objeots —her boats, her bridge unoccupied, the gilt scroll under her stern, over which idly dropped the Brazilian flag; and last of all, the nhassa of ber port broadside, grimly projecting, with a glint of red sunlight on their Bmooth oylindert. The two vessels were now distant about ix hundred yards, and at last tho oareless lookout on the Brazilian ship snw somb" thing alarming astern in the fierce rush of the low grui oraft. Some men dashed up the rigging to get a be'ter view, anil a mull group gathered on the bridge. ' We'll woke 'em up,' shouted the oaptain springing into the conning tower and pressing a button, whioh brought up Tin Ghost ' from its bed. The real action had begun ; the night's Work had been child's plav. There wus a 'errifio din as the long gun threw shot after shot, and in ton minutes a dense bank of smoke enveloped the Swift. The firing was suspended a minute. . The oaptain Btood in the conning tower, his hands on tho wheel, and his eyes fixed in a narrow slit under the ateel roof. Giving a turn of the wheel to starboard, he brought the etem free of the sm ike, and eaw the enemy slowly gather ing way, white mon rushed about her deoks in n state of terrible confusion at this sudden tempest of shells that had poured upon thorn. Some damage hud been done evidently, but principally to her t«p rigging. And now she spoke from her stern guns, but not allowing sufficiently for her height, the first stinging flight of Bhells went over rhe ontnher. 8'und by the 6-pmtnders !' oried the Onn'ai'i, his voice rising to a roar. 'Depress your muzzle, Mr. Webster. Fire 1' Aum'n there was another tremendous fusil nde, continuous und deufening, while the men's eyes smarted from the sulphur in the smoke, ami their throats grew dry and husky. For fivo minutoB the rain of lead was kopt up, and front the three guns one hundred projectiles tore into the sloop, plunged along tho port sido, and shattered her rigaing. Lieutenant Webster dovotod his sooond storm of flro at. tho litem guns, uud tho stauchioun and bulwarks about them were ripped up, and the guns themselves dismounted. The order to oeaso fire was again given, and the oaptain -made a point to starboard just as the sloop was swinging round to bring her portsbroadBide to hear. The ships were now but two hundred yard off, the sloop beariug off from the port quurter of the catcher in her attempt to eomu round and bring her bow guns to bear. Qnee sho could do that she could blow the Swift out of the water, but Captain Purdoe had foreseen 'he manoeuvre and wus ready for it. Counting upon the narrow turning power of his boat, he swept on, and suddenly put the wbeot hard to pott, bringing the vessol round within ber own length, and bnnging the boats stern to tern. At the same moment he flashed the signal below to (ire the stern torpedoaR. Then he stepped out to watah the efEoot, and the men, with heaving cliesta, and smnke- blaekened faces, from whioh their eyes glured with the fever of battle, watched too. There was a ory from the dook of the sloop, as they saw the leap from the tubes of the two torpedoes, a hoarse ory from the captain to the man at tha wheel, a terrible pause, and then two lines of bubbles below the water marked the Rwift-rush of the deadly tubes. Ono line, it was seen, would continue free of the ship, the other went struieht for her stern, and a sailor, in a mad fit of rage, first disohurged his rifle at the ap proaching torpedo, then plunged over board with a wild yell. A moment later there wus n muffied roar, a vast column of water wub thrown up, followed by a rending and grinding noise. The stern of the sloop was raised, then settled down in the trough of a great sea raised by the explosion. The torpedo had reached its nark, und Captuin Purdoe stood by to give what assistance be could. There WdB the wildest consternation on buard the sloop, and the rending noise continued ; hut though she lay helplessly on the water she showed no signs of sinking. Tho men on hoard the Swift set up a hoarse cheer, und shook each other by tho band. 'It's twenty minutes since we went into action,' Raid Wehater, wipino the blood from his brow. 'Three oheers for our captain, men,' und, waving his hat, he led the hurrah. ' For the love of God,' oried a voico in English from the sloop, ' help us !' ' Strike your flag !' cried the captain. The gay flag came down, and the nap- tain brought the Swift nearer. ' What is the matter ?' 'Your cursed torpedo has blown away our propeller, and the shaft — oh, sunota Marts !- -listen to it — it is breaking the ship.' ' Why don't you shut off steam ?' ' Our engineer is dead. Demonios ! Don't talk, but aot.' ' I'll send our engineer to you.' 'Quick, qnick !' Mr. Dickson uamo up from the bowels of the Swift, where, without the stimulant of action, he had stood by his work, animating his men with a quiet oourago, which wbb the finer becuuse he stood in absolute darkness regarding the progress of the fight, and knew that at any moment he might be sent to the bottom a helpless victim in an iron prison. HiB face was white and streaming with per spiration, and at the first, touoh of the cold air he reeled with dizziness, but when told what wua required of him, he pre pared for bis new task without a word. The Swift moved gently under the tall sides of the sloop, and the engineer, with Webster, Hume, and six men, were quiokly on board. Mr Diokson went at onoe to the engine-room whence proceeded a truly infernal din. ' Where is the oaptain?' asked Webster of a dozen mon round him. A Short, thick-set, bullet-headed man, with a neck like a bull, and moustaohes that reached up to his ears, stepped for ward. 'Your sword, Senor Juarez!" ' I must know to whom I am asked to surrender.' 'To the national flag,' eaid Webster, heartily. 'Cararaho! that is an excellent jest. I the flog broad enough to cover the ships of every nation ? And why should I surrender my sword ?' he asked, with a fieice scowl, while his officers drew nenr threateningly. Webster Blepped quiokly to the bul warks, and called to Cuptain Fardoe to stand away. That officer went at onoe foil speed astern, and lay-to a onble length off, with the men at their guns. 1 You see ? ' said Webster. The Brazilian captain, with a.terrihle malediction, broke his sword over his knee. ' A thousand thunders I ' he roared, while the black blood swelled in his temples, ' to think that I should have been beaten by that— that thing— and caroely a boat's orcw hurt.' ' It is the fortune of war,' said Webster, looking around. ' But whilo w6 talk the ship may be sinking for want of a little sailor-like care. Have you a spare sail senor ? ' The Brazilian captain folded his arms and spat on the deok. You surly brute,' cried Webster. 1 Here, men, out away the mizzen sail.' In a trios t.he British sailors swarmed up to the mizznn yurd and oast loose tho sail, whioh came down with a thud, knooking a couple of yellow-faced sailors off their logs, whereat the tars up aloft laughed. At this a dozen of the enemy drew their knives and looked to their oaptain for a word. It was a ticklish moment, and Hume drew a revolver, which he instantly pre sented at Juarez. ' Good, my lad,' said Webster. ' Shoot him down if he moves a foot. Do you understand, ssnor ? ' Juarez glared like a wild boast, and a hoarse, unintelligible ory esoaped from his thick lips, but he kopt quiet, while Webster, without onothor look at tho soowling group, quiokly slipped the great sail over the side, and had it drawn round und up over the damaged stern. In the meantime Mr. Diokson, working down bolotv, had stopped tho engines and explored tho shaft funnel, ascertaining the extent of tho damage done by tile shaft in its nnohookod revolutions. He came on deok, wearied out, to be met by durk taok. ' What's the meaning of this?' said he. ' Tho meaning is,' oried Webster, with a bitter look of oontompt round, ' that those cowardly hounds won't lift a fingor to help us, and I'm if my mon will do another stroke to savo them. Lot tho ship sink, nnd she is sinking fast.' 'And you'll sink with us,' roared Juarez. 'Down with thorn, slit their throated There was a rush of men, and the little party were hammed in. A young officer bounded forward, with drawn sword, and wheeling round, faced his man. ' Diuvolo,' he hissed, through his clenohcd teeth, ' what devil's game is this. You called to these gentlemen, in your fear, to help you, and now yon would turn on them like base assassins. I tell you,' he oried passionately, 'it- shall not be.' Wcoster and Hume, with their blue eyes flashing, ranged, up on either side of their unexpected friend, while tho British tars stood with. theii. cutlasses reudy. Captain Fardoe, seeing something amiss, drew near. I Do you hear,' he shouted, ' if you harm my men not one of you will escape,' The young officer repeated the mosBiige, and the men whispered among themselves, then threw down their arms. Juarez shot a venomous look at his officer, ami placed his foot upon a knife, which, presently, he drew towards him. Webster thanked the gallant foe for his assistance, and ensured him that the sloop would keep nfloat until they reaehed Madeira.. H" r-hen turned to the side to apcuk to Cuptain Purdoe, while Frank Hume wujked nfr to see what damage hud been wrought by the fire of the outoher. There was a nrv, and they turned to see the young officer fall, struck to the heart by the vengeful ouptain. The next- instant Juarez himself was cut to the deok by a slushing blow, from a cutlass. At this aot of black troaohery the small hoarding party- were readv to make a furious rush, but. the sloop's officers and men looked on themselves appalled, while a young fel'nw, quite a boy, flung himself on the officer's body in uassion of grief, then suddenly springing up, drew his knife and advanced towards Juarez. ' Enough,' said Webster, sternly. 'Kill tho blnok-nearted dog,' screamed the Brazilian snilors, giving vent to the hare for their brutal commander, which no doubt had been long pent up. 'I sec," said Webster, with a grim smile ; 1 we must get this fellow on board to save bim from his friends ' He signalled to the (Swift, and when she came ulongeide, Juarez, who still breathed heavily, was lowered to her deok. ' What's to be done with the sloop, sir?' ' Oh, Ipavr- her, if she can float, and think ourselves lucky to be free of a gang of prisoners.' ' She can reaoh Madeira by means of her Buils.' ' Take a look rouud, then, and come aboard.' Webster and Hume went aft, where all the damage done by the Swift's guus hud taken place, and there they found the bul warks smashed to splinters, the two guue overturned, and the deek wet with blood from a dozen dead. With a last word of advice to the gloomy and silent officers of the sloop, Webster stepped overboard, and very soon the Swift went on her way. to bb continued to- lfobbow. 