Little Catharine Chicken IN FIVE CHAPTERS. CHAPTER III. Monsieur Dutarque, ignoring Catharine's piteous cry, strode to the nearest house, his own. No other person was within sight or hearing. Perhaps he waa somewhat ashamed of what ho had done, for when his wife rushed to meet him, and to learn his tidings, he put her aside with a brief, 'She is safe,' and buried himself again in his books. She, busy woman, was putting things in readi ness for the half-yearly fair, which was to begin on the following Tuesday, being the third Tuesday in May, and she told herself that Catharine must have iuuuu net wy iu j?iaii irona. She would have liked to know all the particulars, and her red nose grew redder still with anxiety as sho thought of all that might be eaid. But she knew better than to tempt the bolt that was wont to fall from that black and ominous, yet familiar, cloud resting upon her husband's brow ; she awaited further disclosures from him with what patience she might ; but they did not come that day. At first Monsieur Dutarque half- listened, as he read, for some call from the graveyard ; but hearing none, he told himself with a malicious smile that he would punish obstinate ' mees' well this time; yet leave no telltale mark upon hei. He meant to go to bring her in just at dark ; but ia a little while he forgot the child's existence. Seeing him absorbed in his book, his wife brought a candle and put it at his elbow, and gave little Betty Green her bowl of maize and milk and sent her off to bed. The master ate with his book still before him, and afterward betook himself to repose, murmuring long Latin phrases, like one in a dream, as was bis wont, in a manner which never failed to make a deep impression on Madame Dutarque, who was neither foreign nor classical, but only a poor, English serving-girl who had come to pick up a fortune in America, and bad found it thUB. ' About nine o'clock came Mr. Macnamara, the usher, and stole off quietly to bed. He was full of excitement that night, for Mr. John Harleston, having become interested in a story the usher had been telling him of some deer tracks he had noted last fall under some crab-apple trees, and of how he really believed that he had chanced upon one of the favourite haunts of the deer, had invited him home to tea. This waa a great honour for the poor usher. Moreover, Mr. Harleston had asked him to attend the next meet of the Hunting Club, which was to take place on Wednesday, and had lent him his own horse to ride back to Childbury, though the .walk was none too great for him. All athrob with these anticipated and remem bered honors and pleasures, James Macnamara did not drop asleep for a long time, but lay tossing on bis pallet under the roof, plagued by mosquitoes, by the strident, rasping chant of the frogs without, and even by the strong and heavy perfumes of the flowers. At last he slept soundly, and began to smile — poor hatchet-faced boy ! — dreaming of home. Athwart this dream a discord intruded. He stirred. The dream faded, the diecord grew. It culminated, and he awoke with the echo of a terri fied cry ringing through his brain. ' ':«sa screech-owl!' he muttered, and turned on' his pillow to seek sleep again. But on a sadden, ' through the pulsing, warm dampness of the spring night, there came a sound he knew : ' M'sieu' Dutarque ! Dear M'sieu' Dutarque !— ' It was very faint, but Macnamara heard it clearly. Then there was silence. Just as he waa coaxing sleep anew, and telling himself that he dreamed with open eyes, it. came .again — the sweet, frightened baby voice. 'Mr. Mack! Mr. Mack! Tell him I will be good !' and then as he sprang, shivering, in. spite of the warmth of the weather, from his bed, there was one wild shriek : ' Mamma !' A baby in mortal terror calls on itd mother aB men in mortal anguish call on God. Both mean the same thing—' Help of the helpless !' Master Macnamara hurried into his clothes, all the while trying to persuade himself that he had heard nothing. At the door where the children slept he paused and listened. Ha could hear low, regular breathing. The whole house seemed wrapt in peace. Still anxious, he pushed open the door and stole within. Betty Green, her heavy brown hair loose on the pillow, lay, sleeping soundly, all alone. Could it be. that Monsieur Dutarque hadchoBen this hour of the night to punish little Catharine for some fault ? But no ! For there was silence also in the school master's room, save for the sound of stertorous breathing. Timidly the usher knocked against the panels of the door. The heavy breathing continued^ but there was a movement within. Presently Madame Dutarque put her sharp face through the half opened door. ' I ask pardon, madame,' said the young man, humbly, ' but I thought I heard the child Cath uriue viy uui luumy, as cnougn rriguteneu, ana when I Bought her room she was not there, and I could not return to rest for fear that something strange might have happened.' 'What could happen, fool?' cried Madame Dutarque, snappishly. ' Have a care how you go roaming through the master's house at midnight ! Catharine is safe at Fish Pond with her aunt, Mis tress Hannah Harleston.' ' Nay, then,' said the usher, eagerly. 'There is some mistake, for I myself, when I left there at eight o' the clock, saw nor heard nothing of little Mistress Kate ; and it was surely her voice that called me by my name just now, and bade me tell the master that she would be good !' Madame Dutarque shut the door in hiB face with another Bharp ejaculation of ' Fool !' and he went away sorrowful, and sat by his open window to listen if he might hear that cry again. ^Hearing nothing, he stole down like a ghost, and glided through the Btreets, calling softly every where, 'Catharine! Catharine!' There was no reply, but so vivid was his memory of that piercing scream that when he failed in his search a wild impulse caused him to aeek further for stronger aid. For what might not have hap pened? What meant that weird cry, with the child who uttered it nowhere visible ? Mounting Mr. HarleBton's horse in haste, he never drew rein until he alighted at the gates of Fish Pond, and sent word up to the master of Fish Pond that he wished to speak with him on a matter of life and death. For his courage and his alarm had alike increased with every mile he travelled ; and by the time he reached those gates, ho was sure that his little pet and wonder, Cath arine, waB in mortal peril somewhere. Mr. Harleston waited only to hear that Catharine was not at the schoolmaster's house, and to say that neither was she at Fish Pond. He knew too much of the real dangers to which she might be exposed to dream of any supernatural terrors such as the usher cherished. He wasted no time in questions aa to how the schoolmaster and bis wife should have allowed her to wander away ; all that he left for future investi gation. But ho shared all the forebodings of evil with which the breast of James Macnamara waa filled. j About two hours before day there was a muster of half the country-side. Colonel Lejau and Mr. Harleston and Mr. Nicholas Harleston, his brother, aud many others were theri'. As yet they suffered no word to go to Kensington, for fear of alarming MiRtress Lydia, until they should know what foun datiou their fears had. With lanterns, and with the baying of hounds, they startled the shadows and the dreamy murmurs of the soft spring night. Madame Dutarque could not sleep, but tossed upon her bed. Had tho usher been dreaming, or what did his report mean ? But James Macnamara a guest at Mr. Harleaton's ? Pshaw !. Not he ! m»?^i ™eri5 ^e 1vor^s that he had Baid? That Catharine had bidden him tell the master that she would be good ! In her soul, the woman admitted that this was, indeed, the child's own plaintive manner of speech. Could it really be that she bad not gone to Fish Pond after all ? Truly, the master had not told her so in words, as she remembered, and it might very well bo that he had sent the child nearer homo for punishment. She began to fear she knew not what. These were the days when tho laws against witches were still in force ; when every forest waB peopled with phan toms. Madame Dutarque was by no means above the unreasoning torrorB of tho times. The night began to ring with voices, all of which asked loudly what tho maBter had done with little Catharine by way of punishment. Whon she could bear it no longer, she awakened her husband, and told him her fears and her sus picions. Monsieur Dutarque sprang from his bed, and staggered like a drunken man at the memory of what ho had done. ' Man Dicu ! I had forgot !' ho cried aloud, in genuine consternation. Then hastily he told hie wife bow he had tied Catharine to a tombstone, and then forgotten her. And she, in deadly fear, fled -i rf ?» 8 roonV only to find that he was gone. Quick . ^ she cried to Monsieur Dutarque, fumb ling over his clothes in the dark. ' Quick, man, we have not a moment to lose ! Macnamara has gone m search of her. Q„ick! Let us bring her home, and let him find her in bed, asleep, when he returns. Then he will think he dreamed. God help us . Suppose a panther or a bear hath taken her !' ,kjke Jjhievea, ^'le noiselessly out into the night, the master still half-dreaming, and Madame Dutarque trembling with terror. tJ?ey °Pene-J tho wicket-gate at the church yard, they could see a motionless little white figure erect in the distance, and lo ! out of the velvet blackness not far from it, there arose a luminous face with hollow, blazing eyes. Slowly it rose, until it stopped at eight feet high ! The master would have shrieked aloud, but his wife put her cold hand over his lips and fell to her knees with a whispered prayer. The object re mained a few momeats, then disappeared; but there was a noise of doga and horses on the air — the shouts of men, the sound of horns. They could hear even the dull tramp of the bare Ar °1, e!avea- running along with the horses. Atar, the yellow glare of pine torches stained the faint whiteness of the starlit night. All the plan tations were astir, and all the town as well. In a moment they would bo upon them ! They dated not go to where the little motionless, white figure stood, guarded by that mysterious horror, which, though now unseen, was no doubt lurking near. They dared not return to face that approaching throng. They dared not remain where they were to meet their fate. 'They will kill you!' said Madame Dutarque, drawing her breath in a shiver, aa she grasped her husband's hand. Like shadows they sped toward the river. Yet what escape was possible ? Lights flared from the tavern, and men were looking out from doors and windows. Toward the east was another ferry, but between lay the plantations of those who knew and loved this child. Toward the north lay more plan tations and_ the child's own home; toward the south, the river ; toward the west, this ferry — their only hope. Yet the ferry itself belonged to the child's own mother ! At this strange hour with all the town aBtir, how could a man bo well known as Monsieur Dutarque cross, without many explanations and much delay, if at all ? And they had net even a shilling be tween them ! So they lay at the bottom of a deep gully on Luckins's land, and listened like hunted hares, with beating hearts, to the tumult in the town. (To be continued.) 