Life in London and There about. ... ? w — (Chronicled hy Henry W. Lucy, in the S.M. Herald).. ; ? Westminster, July ,19.' . Whilst political parties are in the throes of deadly conflict, whilst old Parliamentarians .find the door of the House of Commons unexpectedly slammed in their face, whilst Liberalism is swept in the background, and coalition marches onward with conquering tread, Mr. Gladstone is quietly spending the summer days at Hawarden, writing a little, reading a great deal, and possibly, as he watches the rout of the Liberal host, thinking much more. It was a curious coincidence that the first news paper that reached his hand on his return from his expedition to the Baltic should have contained news of the resignation of Lord Rosebery's Ministry. When he started upon his brief voyage there was no visible ground for appre hension of catastrophe. Ministers were threatened with revolt by the Welsh members and by increasing lukewarm ness among the Irish. But they were always being threatened, and hitherto the truth of the axiom about threatened men living long had been abundantly proved. According to all appearance, when the Tantallon Castle left Grave send the Ministry would struggle through the session, possibly face an autumn session, and dissolve in February next year. That, as Mr. Gladstone knew, was the Ministerial programme, and there was no reason, bar such an acci dent as happened, why it should not be carried out. Ten days later he came back to find that his former colleagues were no longer Ministers, and that Lord Salisbury had been 'sent for' by the Queen. One of the most remarkable achieve ments of Mr. Gladstone is the complete ness with which, having formally and finally retired from political life, he is able to put away political things. It is, of course, no new thing. When in 1875 he wrote his historic letter to Lord Granville, announcing his resignation of the leadership of the Liberal party, he for a while was able absolutely to shut off the steam of political life under which, at the time of the dissolution, every fibre of his body had throbbed. Circumstances proved that his retirement was premature. While it lasted it was, as far as politics were concerned, abso lute. In this second and last great re nunciation of active politics Mr. Glad stone has apparently found it equally easy to cut himself adrift from the long irresistibly attractive field of politics. It was curious on the morning when the Tantallon Castle anchored off Gravesend and a large bundle of papers were brought to Sir Donald Currie at the tireakfast table how cooly Mr. Gladstone regarded them. There were some politi cians on hoard, members of both Houses of Parliament, and others, who were in such haste to learn the news that they almost snatched papers from the bundle. At Kiel on Saturday morning news had come of. the defeat of the Government in the House of Commons on the cordite question. Would they dissolve, resign, or go on, ignoring a chance division on a side issue? These were the questions that had been discussed at the table, on deck, and in the smoking room. Gothen burg, busy about its own affairs, knew nothing of the Ministerial crisis in Eng land. Between Kiel and Gravesend there was no news or means of obtaining it. But here were the London papers hot from the press. You had only to open them and learn all. Mr. Orlad stone, offered by Sir Donald first pull from the precious bundle, looked as if he were a little bored with the whole sub ject. After a moment's hesitation he took up from the heap a copy of the Daily Neios, put it under his arm, and walked off to his state cabin on deck. The news would keep at least till he had settled down in his armchair by the table on which were his Danish Dic tionary, and the book in the new lan guage which, with its assistance, he was already able to read. His imperturba bility was not shared in the saloon. Before he had got half vay up the com panionway Sir Algernon West came after him with the portentous news that the Government had resigned. ' Eh 'I' said Mr. Gladstone, making use of that Lancashire exclamation which constantly comes to his tongue after a space of more than SO years. 'It is very serious.' That was his sole remark. He slowly continued his journey to his cabin, where, seated i-y the open door, . he spread out his Daily News and learned all that was to be told of a stuiuble that led to a prostration of the Liberal Party that recalled Disraeli's' triumph in 1874, or the first successes of the Coalition Party at the general election of 1S86. It was impossible, observing this scene, to avoid reflection on the altered circumstances under which the veteran statesman lived and still worked. -In obedience to his own injunction in a famous peroration he had been wise and w.ise in tirne. Had ho not, at the close of the long session that snw the Home Rule Bill carried through the Commons and hewed to pieces before the Lords, retired from the political arena, he would have found himself at the close of his little holiday in the Baltic face, to face with a fresh and stupendous con test. As it was he could read his paper with all the comfort and healthy interest of the man who had no responsibility for Ministerial action or the cause of political events. No more Midlothian commentous decisions. No more. Mid lothian campaigns for him, nor any more the anxious watohing of the rising or falling poll, with the alternate issue of embarking him once more on a troubled Ministerial voyage or in drift ing him out to the havenless sea o| 'Opposition. As after landing from tl Tantallon Castle he drove through the crowded streets of the city he must have felt, what marvellous change was wrought in .his condition. Three years ' earlier, driving through London, the metropolis throbbing in anticipation of a general election, his carriage would have been followed by an exciting crowd, .some cheering, Borne hooting, according as conscience and conviction dictated: Now, as he passed along at the slow. pace necessitated by the city traffic, people on the pathways, recognising the familiar face and figure, stopped to look. '.' There's Gladstone,' they said to each . _ ,- other, and lifted their hats in mute, re- ? spectful salutation. There was passing ' - through the city streets not the strenuous ? statesman round whom for more than 50 J^i&ffi; yours the turmoil or political warfare ?$tmtffil£ had raged. It was only his ghost — a ^^Hilli wraith that had nothing to do with ifllilil election contests or with majorities in '^1111111 the House of Commons or the country. '*-iiiSp| Mr. Gladstone is well content with this state of things, even grateful at its existence. That on this particular day when he drove from the city in the cir cumstances indicated his renunciation of power was absolutely voluntary, and might, if he pleased, be only temporary, was a fact that had just been brought home to the public mind. The report that he had by an overt act withdrawn his activejsupport from Lord Rosebery's Government had, ' even though it was promptly and authoritatively contra dicted, dealt the Ministry a blow to which may probably be traced a power ful impetus towards its fall. In conver sation and in general bearing Mr. Glad stone seemed delightfully unconscious of his potentiality. Talking to me one day as we slowly threaded the mazes of the beautiful harbour of Gothenburg, he prefaced some remarks about the new Sneaker by saving that he did not follow these things very closely now. ' But, he added, 'from what I have seen I have formed the highest opinion of Mr. Gully's conduct in the Chair.' If the life and doings of Bishop Butler, and the addition of the Danish to his store of written and spoken languages, dp not leave him much time to follow contemporary events in the House of Commons, his memory of scenes he has participated in is as vivid as ever. Talk about the new Speaker led to a conversation about his prede cessor who, on the previous day at Kiel, finding himself anchored close by the Tantallon Castle, had come on board to pay his respects to Mr. Gladstone. ' Mr. Peel,' said Mr. Gladstone (it was hard for one who had known him all his life to drop into the new style and talk of Lord Peel) ' should for ever hold 'a high place in the list of Speakers of the House of Commons, if it were only for a single event. He once interposed to save the House of Commons from a position into which, had it fallen, it .'?..'' would have been eternally disgraced.' Then, with gathering fire.shining through flashing eyes, in a voice that might and doubtless was heard across tho tender in ' which we were seated,' Mr.. Gladstone re called an event in the early history of Mr. Joseph Gillis Biggar. He had made use of an expression which the Speaker had denounced as a breach of order. In' his dogged way he had refused to retract and apologise. He was ' named,' and the usual motion was made that he be suspended from the service of the House. The debate was adjourned, and at the next sitting Mr. Biggar, yielding to the advice and entreaty of some of his f rionds, withdrew the offensive expression and offered his apology. At the time the member for Cavan was not undeservedly an object of especial contumely and scorn on the part of the Conservative members. They declined to accept the proferred apology, and noisily insisted upon carrying the motion of the suspen sion of the errant but judiciously re pentent member. Then it was the Speaker interposed and suggested that Mr. Biggar having made an apology penal proceedings should not be carried further. ' It was a bold, a courageous step for the Speaker to take in such cir cumstances,' said Mr. G-ladstone. ' But it was a great thing to do, and it saved r.ho House of Commons from a lament able position. It will be an evil day for the House when it conies to pass that an apology offered by a member for an offence Is not promptly accepted as ab solute amends. 