MY.. ?STMAS STORY. S \"- OiD MAID. .--T reason why I amn an o,l maid is -:that 1 preelr t: be:, on . That. you will siay, ' i1h 1nore or less good-na ured sar cas?n, is t?e usual reason. Well, we will not discuss that question-- which, after all, imatters little, and is nothing to the puirpos. What you want-or, rather, what I am going to give you, whether you want it or not-is my story. The story, that is to say, of the one im portant event, or series of events, which has befallen me and mine. I was born in Gippsland. Miy parents died when I was a very little girl, and my aunt took care of me. Until I was seventeen nothiarg else occurred which would be of the slightest interest to any one who may do me the honour to read these lines. At that age, however, something did happen-something very important, too. I fell in love. At seventeen I was a very pretty girl -a tall blonde, with all the richness of color and the untrammelled grace which come of perfect health and a free spirit. I say this with no thought of vanitJ. but merely as a plain statement of the truth. However, I do not wish to dwell upon it. He was a young man, with the charm ing name of Cyril Rivers, and everything else about him was equally charming. Those who may object to the effeminacy of his name will be pleased to learn that he was commonly known among his friends as Jack Rivers. I am sorry to say he didn't care for tennis, but he rode a bicycle. It is a long time since he died, poor boy-many Christmases ago. We lived in a rather large house on the outskirts of a straggling little town *s hip, close by a little lake, into which there flowed a little river spanned by a little bridge. It was a rustic bridge, too -and we made it our trysting-place. W? e usually met on the bridge, of an afternoon, wandered about the lake, or Tboated on it, and at last, " weary of de light," returned to the bridge. Jack was not the only admirer I had. I ,was much pestered by a certain Mor timer Walton, commonly called " Mort " -and a grimly suggestive name it seemed to be afterwards-who was a distant connection, and an honoured guest at our house, on account of his having saved Aunt Marion from drown ing when he was a mere youth. I did .nbt.object to his visits, or to my aunt's partiality- for him. 1 was even grateful to him for having saved her life. But I \- felt thlat it was the worst of bad taste on his part to annoy me with his attentions when he must have known that I be longed to Jack, heart and soul. Still. I wished to be a true and faithful friend to him, but he nearly got angry when I told him so. I suppose the man really loved me, and his passion impelled hinm to persist-and to do what he did when the opportunity presented itself. It is "t-ffible to think what a sentiment like love, so beautiful in itself, may- lead men to do-especially selfish men. I can write calmly of these things now. .Time, the great healer, has been good to nie. And don't believe in crying and :."oaning over " what might have been." 1 ortnearly a year I was comljletely hlappy " aFd a year is a long time to be happy in ~this world, when you come to think of it. Aind for those who have suifered much in their youth, there comes at length a timne when even grief is thought but lightly of, And I, who am approachinz the afternoon of life, no longer grieve for him.- All I felt at first is toned down into a kind of sorrowful remembrance, not painful, nor even wholly removed from a kind of negative pleasure. It is to grief what French melancholy is to English sadness-- iade Tai"e. It occurs to me, just here. that I ought to have described myself miore fully. My name is Vera Thornsrn. Vcra I liked :well enouh, as a girl, but Thomson I Sdetested; and I was nearly as much in love with Jack's surname as with him self. I have lots of stray pieces of letter paper in my desk, written all over withi my prospective name, "' era llrers." Bu t it was not to be; and I am still only li ss Thomson-with no foolish dislike now, however, for that everyday cogno men. I was not nearly so richly gifted as many girls are, I could neither sing nor play, though I loved good music. But I was considered a charming talker, reader, and reciter. And one rare and special gift I had-a gift for improvising short stories. I possessed no literary talent to speak of-you have doubtless guessed as much already ;-but, with a few sympathetic listeners, I could invent the happiest tales, and tell them with an . unfailing flow of wit and imagery. Re Sduced to paper, they were slight enough, and certainly not brilliant; and I sup pose libyv owed their charal chiefly to my manner of telling them, and to the muag netism of my personal attractions which, as I have already had the honour of informing you, were'by no means in cdnsiderable. I frequently execised my little gift, in congenial company, and on Christmas I was always expected to put" forth a special eftlort, and make the flesh of all present creep with a thrilling ghost story. But enough of myself. It was in October, or it may have been the begininng of Novemrber, that Jack whose one failing it was to be fancifully superstitions-hadl a dream which con veyed to him the important intelligence that if he did not marry on Christmas Eve he need look forward to notbing but trials and tribulations for the rest of his naturai life. So hle informed mnie, in the strictest of confidence. " it's a long time to wait," I pouted, mischievously pretending to think he meant the Christmas after next; but awhil'." He liastened to explain that he meant the Ciristuias that was :t hand. The dream was very explicit on that point, and no other Christmas Eve could pos sibly serve the purpose. So I was fain to refer him to Aunt Marion, whose consent he gained with some difficulty, fro he durst not use the the dream argu ment with her, lest she should empty on his head the vials of her righteous ridi cule. But it was settled at last-and the I wedding was announce for Christnmas i Eve. When Mort Walton hea d of it a I gre,.t change came over hin ; .his usual gll;o;n d:e'pcned into a sort of siavage moroseness, which he muad no.-fi"ort to on"ea!l-ex~cept by relieviig us of his 1 company. He took long rides into the i bush-1and what :is poor horse suffered no one knew, not even himself, perhaps. i Towards the end of lvovember, however, he seemed to make an effort to recover) himself and brighten up. He no longer avoided Jack, but sought his society. " He's getting over it, and coining round, poor fellow." said Aunt Marion, with a sigh of relief. Jack and Mort rode out one day, and 1 returned in a very agitated state. At I first I thought they had been quarrelling, but on a closer observance it was evident i that there had been no rupture. Mort 1 Walton said, at parting " Once more, Jack, I implore you not I to go !" And he rode away in haste. Of course I wanted to know what was the matter, but for the first time in his life Jack was very reticent. He would I tell me no more than that he had an ap- a pointment at a certain place on the day following, and was bound to go. I asked, Whom was he to meet ?. He turned pale, and shook his head. I asked, with a sudden suspicion, Did he make the appointment through Mort Walton, and had the latter been trying to lead him into some peril by working on his superstitious fancies ? " You heard what he said," replied Jack; " he doesn't want me to go-lie's a lot more frightened than I am. Not 4 that I'm afraid-only anxious." "Is it far ? May I go with you T' "About ten miles. You are to come part of the way, Vera-nearly all, in fact." He would say no more. Next day we set out on horseback for the mysterious 4 appointment. Jack was very taciturn, and as I felt hurt at not being taken into his confidence, 1 was rather sulky . We traversed an old disused road I had never seen before. The day was hot, and I grew angry with myself and with I Jack for coming. At length I stopped. " This is ridiculous," I said ; " let us i return." " We are nearly there," he answered, without pausing, and I was compelled to follow. Presently we came to a fallen tree lying across the road. track dis mounted, and I followed his example. He quietly drew a letter fromn his lpocket. " This is for you. Vera," lie said. " If I should not explain every thing to you.as-as we return, you may open it; But I will tell you all. my darling, never fear." He spoke in a low tone and was very pale. And as lihe kissed me the coldness of his lips made me shiver. " Where are you going ?" I faltered.' " Only-a little way," he replied. " I shall not be long." As he turned to go, a sudden impulse came over me to throw myself upon him and hold him back with all my strength; but the qu;et determination of his uman ner told that I should do no good. I watched him until he disappeared anmng the trees and tanurle.l undergrowth, and that was the last .1 saw of him in life. I stood with the horses beside the fallen tree, and listened. The wind had gone down, no bird sang, and all nature seemed to share my own suspense. The horses, too, seemed uneasy. Suddenly I heard a sound in the dis tance, as of tile breaking of decayed timbers. At the same instant Jack's horse neighed wildly. Without wai.ing to tie up the animals, I rushed forward in the direction Jack had gone. Plunging through the under growth I presently found myself among the ruins of an abandoned coal-pit. The shaft had been boarded over, leaving a small trap-door in the centre. But now, to my horror, a large hole yawned where a portion oi the covering had given way. He had stepped upon it and fallen through ! I have a very dim recollection of what followed. After calling wildly upon his name and receiving no answer, I must have mounted and ridden home at a breakneclk pace, and in some way made them understand what had happened. A party set out, and as night was falling they brought the cruslhel and lifeless body of the unhappy young man to his poor old mnother. My grief was wildt enough for a time, but it settled down, after some days, into a kind of apathy. It was some weeks before I thought of opening the letter Smy unfortunate betrothed had given me; Sbut when I did I found that my first SSUSFicions of Mort Walton were true. SHe had led Jack into peril by working t on . his superstitious fancies. It was within a.few days of Christuimas when I Sresolved to unmask the false, treacherous villain who ihad so cruelly betrayed his Sfriend. This resolution had a sensible effect upon my spirits, so that they all Sthought I was recovering from the blow. SAnd when my intimates learned that 1 Swas goin?g to give my Christmas story \- as usual, they made certain that I had regained something of my old s if. 1 I cannot claim to have suffered nearly Sso much as poor Mrs Rivers. The deso late mother was inconsolable. I went to I her and informed her of Mort Walton's treachery, and explained how I intended to unuask him. She quietly assented, Sand promised to be present. Christmas Eve, my wedding day that r was to have been, passed, and Christmas Scame. Inathe ervening our friends as sembled, Mort Walton among them. After some music and conversa'ion, which took a subdued tone, on account . of.the presence of tihe bereaved mother (not to speak of myself), our old friend, Dr Ellis, hinted that if Miss Thomson was ready wvith her Christmas story, the company were ready to hear it. 1 said I was ready, and they all settled them Sselves to list'en. IMy heart beat very loud at first., when I began my Christmas story, but I soon had myself under control. There were once, I said, in a far-off country, two men who professed friendship for each other. One was true, and the other false. The false friend fancied that he had a cause of enmity against the young man, who was unconscious of having given him the least offence. Some said afterwards that there was ar love affair at I the bottom of it all, and this may have been true. The fai!se friend was in;l r habit of taking long walks, and rides on his horse, no doubt trying ti o inent a scheme for the iiOlo.atiou of the nisus pecting youth. One day he was ridiin along a lonely road, thus t u':in.i, when his fulrth.lir prc):iress was ". r'pped .by a fail:'ii ir'ee. ( At. this point Walton, who had become very pale, 1 ilke,] at mle in ,ently. I gave no sign of having noticed him, but quietly proceeded.) The false friend, I continued, - was about to turn back, when he perceived, through the trees, the ruins of a castle. Curiosity impelled him forward. Throwing his bridle over a branch of the fallen tree, he proceeded to the ruins. He wandered about till he came to a flight of steps leading underground. He descended, and about five minutes afterwards came running out, very pale, and looking as if he had seen a ghost. HIe immediately went back to the fallen tree, mounted his horse, and rode homewards. On his way he met the young man, his friend, who. seeing him so dale and agitated, asked him what Was the'matter. For a long time the false friend would say nothing, which increased his companion's curiosity, but at length he admitted that his .disquietude was caused by a very sinigular dream he had had the night before--" in which," he added, you are intimately involved." It was not until they were very near home that the youth (who was very superstitious) at length prevailed upon the false friend to relate his dream. " Well. then, since you in sist, I will tell you," said he-" though I would rather not. In my dream my own identity seemed merged into yours, so that I followed your adventures as if they were mine, yet I knew they were not. I thought you were riding along a lonely road, when you were stopped by a fallen tree. Seeing the ruins of a castle close by, curiosity impelled you to examine them--or it may have been something more than curiosity. You presently came to a flight of steps leading underground. You descended, urged by some force which you could not resist. You found your-elf in a passage which led into a kind of cellar. In the centre of this was a circular pit, securely railed round. - Leaning on the railing, you gazed down into the depths of the pit, A voice called to you, and you replied. Then ia communication was made to yon -I know not what it was, I cannot re call it, but the horror of it froze the blood in my veins, and I awoke, bathed in icy sweat." The young man was more impressed by the dream than lie cared to show. '"I wonder if there is such a place hereabouts," he muttered. The next day he rode out again with his false friend, who insensibly drew him to the lonely, disused road that led towards the ruined castle. The young uman, still thinking of the dream, was silent and gloomy. They had proceeded a good many miles, when he suddenly drew rein and said, " Is not this such a road as you saw in your dream ?" " Yes," said the other, seeming to notice it for the first time, " it is just such a road-and by Heaven I" he cried, " there is the fallen tree !" Greatly excited, the young man spurred forward, and presently the ruins cainme into view. But it .did not suit the false friend to go any farther. With great difticulty he prevailed upon the young man to return, and on the iway hie tried to persuade him not to meddle any further with the matter, and his last w)ords at parting were-" Once more, my dear fienad, I implore you to keep anay from those ruins." The next day the young man's horse was found by a wayfarer tied to the fallen tree. His relatives instituted a thorough search, and ultimately the poor young fellow's body was recvered from the pit, the railing of which had given way, as the false friend knew it would, beneath his weight. the moment hlie leaned against it. This was the story that I told, with many embellishments that I cannot now recall. There was a dead silence as I concluded, and Mort Walton rose, white to the lips, and addressed the company, " Whether you snare the delusions of this girl's disordered mind," hlie began. " We know it's all true," said M1rs Rivers. He shrugged his shoulders, He well knew nothing could be legally proved against him. Ie glanced around. No friendly eye met his. Aunt Marion was weeping. He said, "' Well, I will go." " A-nd a mother's curse go with you," said Mrs Rivers, as hlie passdc out. WVe never saw him any more. I shlowed tLhe letter ,Jack had given me, and on which I had founded my Christnlmas story ; and they agreed that the real facts corresponded closely with the fictitious events I had related. My dear Aunt Marion died some few months ufter, and I accepted M?'s Rivers' ofrofer of a home. We have lived together ever since. 