TifE CWilt0i$0. 1 - "W,.. SCND4X KE4DUf«K . ' Hie Dtorie rCiuia. oNf hclpal A. M. Fwlaii£%£i) spas a nanin Jcrn- jsuleto, whose name was Simeon; and same man was just and devout, waiting for the consolation of Israel: ind the Holy Ghost was upon him.— 'Jjt: tVJ J. J oseph and his mother marvelled afc. those things which were spoken of St Luke it, 33. a sword shall pierce through ray own soul also), that the thought of mauy hearts may be revealed.' — St. Duke ii., 35. Age and infancy form a beautiful contrast. They stand to each other as innocence and holiness. . The one clothed with the life which is the sha- dow of heaven; the other covered with the soft radiance which is the sunset of earth. But Infancy and aae never. met in lovelier or sweeter form when Simeon lifted the child Jesus from the arms of Mary, His mother. The one was the messenger new de scended from God to man, the other was as another messenger about to ascend from man to God. There blended— like the edge of a great invisible hori zon whence heaven and earth did not simply seem to meet, but actually met — God and man. . The type of the eternal beating on the shore of. the, temple life —then as it were met, embraced, kissed, and seemed to fade into one. The persons in the group are of great individual as well as spiritual signifi cance. They have ar meaning to us common to every similar group that brings age, manhood, and womanhood in its prime and infancy all together at once. There, for example, stands Simeon— aged, but a type of age that has waited for and lived to welcome and receive the consolation of Israel. Hope for himself is dead, but only that hope for others may more abundantly survive. His own desires have been amply fulfilled; but his desire as it affected others is more vivid, more real, than it ever had been for himself. The moods of age ar$ more variable than those of childhood or youth, and they ever express the temper, the character, the spirit of the man. Hope is the pos session of youth; memory is the posses sion of age. Youth is promise, age is performance, and it depends on what the performance has been what the ags is. It is lovely to see a head that is crowned with glory, where the grey hairs speak of a righteousness that has been victorious over sin. Crime on. the face of youth Is a thing painful to see. Hardened crime on the face of age is more painful still. But even in a good man how often you find that With growing feebleness there has come loss of hope. Where there had been strength, endeavour, to right the world in early, manhood, you find utter despondency in exhausted! 'age. The world is felt to be out of joint because he has grown stiff of limb. It is felt as if the very resources of the world, had been exhausted because . exhaustion had come to him. .Think where Simeon stands. He does not feel as if his being were a necessity to the world. There is only one necessity — God; and the last act of God was the creation -of this Child, and this Child was the greatest as it was the last act of God, making all that, had gone before more perfect and complete. There is no sign of grace in age like the. faith that, though we perish, God abides, and the world is not in our hand, but lies safe in His. Sometime on a great scale The world exhibits all the qualities of age grown imbecile. I often think of the early years of the century and compare them with the latter.. The literature of the early years was full of promise, with dreams of chivalry that had been be hind and of a. golden age that lay be fore. Scott came out of his obscurity to paint a past that had never been, a present when men Were heroic and wo men were beautiful, and the strenuous soul labored to make right prevail. Wordsworth began to sing of a nature so rich, heaven that lay about the in fancy, an earth, apparelled in celestial light that lay around the boy, thoughts too deep for tears that lay about ths man. Coleridge began to speculate of the highest truth of reason and holiest truth of God— these pressed in the quest of the Divine. How much of our litera ture to-day breathes alomst the atmos phere of the slums. Now, there is a book of sin, a kind of glut or passion of uncleanness, a glory ing in the frailty and sin of men. Is it not a great thing for our youth to rea lise that the men that teach them, bs they old, are younger than they, if they, can inspire a confidence that they that follow after can accomplish grander things than they that went before? No life is ever complete. The oldest man dies with his work unperformed. Take what the youth planned. Meaxn ure it by what the man performed, ana there is an infinite distance between. The old man feels not his necessity, feels not he is a necessity, feels onl» God is. He leaves his uncompleted work to be taken up and carried on bj| the younger, strenuous, mightier man that steps into his place. Men. die, man lives. Persons pass, the race endure. He who believes in the race can depart in peace — God abideth ever.- FATHERHOOD— MOTHERHOOD, Then there stand the parents. There is the father putative Joseph. There is the mother, Marx. The old mea blrasea the parents; ... What ia it to be d ' father ? What is it to be a mothflf i : Who can teU ? Mary called upon hefi efcut to magnify the Uord. How UtS when she so called did she unfleratawa her reason for gratitude. What eflaU a parent give to hteeon ? The fathate says n. fortune, I will ton nd a ffunH make an estate, leave an inheritance w the hoy such as hid father never lowfi Pray, what was the father's inherit tanee ? My father left me notMngJwb thing ? Didn't he leave your charac ter ? Many a son has been ruined be- abuse his £ather4e& him a fortune. Who shall count rite number of sons saved : . a arateter?! Whait an I fdel it in my Ireie'jbQpa a|ypimt)e biown or '. . -atn.' 1 the great peoplef-theriartfa and feel that to have sitintNitiaofce's .blood 4s to have the jpatesUullYtoheritahoe, one that can never perish or Hi?. And so the parents -asthey »tandjfiere areJblessed, . for they are pahaniAr i And . hern-ig -lriv en that splendid %9P?ftunity/ th#m0rious proof, that- Trn&t; of . all Create a faith and form characty|to Shape the inind of a child deshwtbe = immortal; andt«|do it. xhy sPff|ku not by speech alone hy ahtlon, Pht not by actiphialonejtJF &ail;& 9U hot. by : . hhbod-:#lwio" aitb, by theRUrtty of soul, V>ssessioBvf a man possesse<F%f God. There is nothing -that so educates a parent asachlld. I have' often greatly to deplore the readiness with which parents will Spnd sons out of thfeir own home to be educated. They feel .that »e boy is getting too much for them, lie father is on 'change, is in the coun cil, or at business" all day. He comes home fretted and worried. What, can he give to his. child? The mother she is visiting and shopping. She has do mestic expediences and varied social am bitions. How is it possible, with all these to bear, to educate a child, and, with anxiety of soul, taking the boy . into your heart, holding the girl to your bosom, watching with eyes that never sleep and with a foresight that is never idle? And the child searches the heart of the parents. Don't you feel as if Mary might have rebelled against the speech of Simeon? The sword, he says to her, pierces thy own heart also. The heart is to be so searched by this child that it is to be laid bare. The mother will think, This boy of mine must not labor as his father labored; he must have a . position to begin with such as his fath er had to end with. We must save him from trouble and temptation and tr il and whatever ' would soil the fine-handed manhood of him. Could you conveive anything worse for the hoy than being so saved? The more he can face life bravely, finding it hard, the better for him. To bear the burden in one's youth is to learn to stand with a soul of integ rity in one's manhood of age. Never seek soft things for the boy. Look at Mary in her supreme excellence among women. In her son. was to be realised the ancient promise; He "was the Mes siah, and the Messiah she Imagined was unlike the Messiah that was to be. Her Messiah was one clothed in soft rai ment, dwelling in king's palaces, beau tiful as He crossed mountains to pub lish peace. Before Him men were to bow down, all were to rise up and call Him blessed. What came instead ? here came the lowly Jesus of Naza reth from whom men turned. There came the one despised and rejected of men. There came Him whom the Scribes and Pharisees despised. His mother, alarmed at seeing her son grow into this, came with the brothers she had not trained to faith to take Him by force; so that the Savior had to say, "He who doeth the will of My Father, who is in heaven, the same is My mother, My sister, and My brother." So grander than any dreams of yours is the destiny open to one for whom ample tuty has dawned. When Mary at the cross looked up into the face of the Crucified, think you she saw the glory within the crown of thorns, the ra diance behind the sorrow, the life in the heart of the dead ? Nay. She was there with the other women, holding by the living, but feeling He is dead, and to us is only left the grave and the anointing. Out of the sorrow came the joy; from the sacrifice issued salvation; by obedience came the life. All need to know whatever has to be accomplished, this is first— not to clothe the child in radiant raiment, but to make him the child of truth, the soul of honor, the spirit of obedience. THE CHILD'S SIGNIFICANCE. Then there is the child himself. The child comes — who knows what comes kith the child ? Infinite promise is here, infinite possibilities. In the babe 'new to earth and sky heaven may lie, hell may lie — who can tell ? The only thing certain is this: create a home at mosphere of piety, and the promise of God is sure. The righteous shall never be forsaken or the seed beg bread. But this child comes with an extraordinary record. He is set for the rising and falling of many in Israel. For the fal ling ? Think of the men He touched who fell. There is the Pharisee at the street corner drawing his robe around him, and thanking God he is not the publican. And there is the publican afar off, wishing that he were even as as this holy man. At the touch of Christ the Pharisee falls and the publi can rises. There stands the priest, clothed in all the dignity of office, and he is so radiant in his robes that people think him as kreat as he is radiant. There is the heathen man who saith to this one come, and he cometh. At the touch of Christ the priest falls from his lofty pedestal, and the heathen captain Ib a name spoken of throughout the Jirorld. There lies 1n Avery human being power to reveal the quality of every other. Show me the attitude of the son to .father, daughter to mother, and I iWill tell you the qhality of -both. ' Show ipe the action of rich to poor, ofneigh- Por to neighbor, patent to child, then Win be shown the-tntnost quality of the parson concerned. We are all revealing Pecrets of each other'a souls. The great Jtoyealer -at whose ; touch the spirit Jea up its inmost secret is the touch of Christ. .. T- - . ' '' Braiwey to arrive pa .the 25£h 