TOWN TALK-..-. Tbo following news mutter will be found on the fourth page of this issue Commercial; Woman Suffrage iu America, The Independence of the Bench, Impor tant Divorce - Decision, Japau's >Varning to England, The Future of the Far East, The- English Local Option-.Bill, Oscar Wilde, Were1 Abraham, Isaac and Jacob Myths ? The members of the Standing Bailways committee, consisting„of Messrs E. II. Cameron (chairman), : J. B. Burton, A. W. Craven, A. Harris, and :W. A. .Tren*: with, M's.L.A., and tho Hons. D,. Mel» villenndE. Morey, M's.L.C., arrived in Geelong last evening by the express for Fort Fairy, and proceeded on Jo Birre gurra' for the purpose' of ■ inspecting the* rival routes to the Beech Forrest. They were accompanied from Geelong by the Hon. J. H. Connor, M.L.C., and Mr T. Baker, M.L.A. The programme which they have set for themselves is as under: Leave Birregurra at; 7.30 this morning, arriving an "hour later at Forrest; from thence drive to. Ditchley Bark, 24 miles away, and luuch at the Gellibrand river. Tho night will he passed , at GaTdinePs Hotel, and on the following day an inspection.will bo made of the forest, after which the party will proceed, to Colac, and subsequently go on" to Tiui boon and Port Campbell, returning to Geelong on Saturday. ' ' The persistency with which the mayor ]jus urged for- the completion of the reclamation'works on tho Western beach has .been rewarded, and the genuine "■rievance under which the seabathing company has labored so long will be done awav with immediately. Both members have kept the matter under the notice of the department, and Mr Gurr.yester day received a distinct promise from Mr Taverner to the effect that the extension of i tho ■' retaining wall sliorewards to a point about 40 yards past the gentle men's baths ■ should be undertaken immediately. The whole work will be earned out without expense to the town council, and Mr Davidson, the .Inspector; general of Public Works, will probably come down to Geelong to-day to arrange for the employment of silt in 'filling up the space.hehind the retaining wall. The Chamber of Commerce is in receipt of a communication from the secretary of the Customs department in reply to their request that the Hopetoun channel should be dredged to a uniform depth of 24 feet. The letter from Dr Wollaston is as under: "I am directed to inform you that the channel is now being dredged to a depth of 23ft at low water, and although it has been deepened in some, places to 24ft and over, it would he advisable, when a depth of 23ft has been provided through out the whole channel, to cease dredging for a time so as to ascertain whether the permanence of the channel can bo relied upon, or whether it is likely to shoal at parts. With the information thus gained, the further deepening of the channel can be carried on in a more satisfactory manner than is possible with the present experience. It is therefore proposed, after the work in hand has been finished, which is expected to be about the end of the year, to remove the dredge Alligator from the Hopetoun channel pending the result of one year's trial at a depth of, 23ft." In the reply sent by Mr Becher vaise, at the direction of the president, it is stated that the chamber would be satisfied with a depth of 23ft if the amount saved in this direction were devoted to the enlargement of the ship ping accommodation at the wharves. An assurance has been given to Mr. Gurr, M.L.A., by the chief engineer for ports and harbors, that the dredge will not be taken off the work until the department is able to proclaim that there is a wator way from the entrance of the channel to the wharves. The sub-coromittee appointed to inuke arrangements for the - reception of Mr Michael Davitt met last night, the chair being occupiedby Mr FT. J* - Cooke. It was decided that Mr Davitt should be mot at the railway station; on arrival of the express to-morrow at 5.43 p.m. by tlie.ro ception committee,; accompanied by the Hon. J. H. Grey, MiL.C.rand Messrs H. B. Higgins and W.- Gut-r, M's.L.A., and driven through the-town. An informal reception will be hold in the committee rooms; when a number of public men and ■ the various members of the committee will he presented to : the . distinguished visitor. In the evening Mr Davitt will lecture - -in ; thp•* -Mechanics' Hall on Parliamentary photographs," when the mayor "of Geelong (Aid H..F; Kichardsou) will preside. -A telegram of-interest'to"shareholders in the Now' yietoria Gold.. Mining, - Co. (Coolgardie) 'was posted; yesterday at the offieoofMrChns;Sommers,legal manager ■ for the company, -to the effect that a first crushing" of 60 tons of quartz taken from their western reef hud-given, a- return of I trioz of fsun'lted gold: - As- this reef J I outcrops on the surface it is being, worked I op tlio open cut system, and is at s present about 12ft wide.'; . The quantity of water storod in tho various reservoirs for the supply of Gee long and suburbs amounts to 231,250,000 • gallons; viz. Upperreservoir (Stoney, Creek),-185,500.000 gallons; lower reser voir (Anakie), 41,000,000,. gallons; and Lovely Banks; 4,75q,000 gallons. During the past-week, tjio- rainfall -registrations amounted to 4B points of an. inch at . tho Stoney Creek reservoir, 34 .points of an inch':at the Anakie 'reservoir, and 23 points of an incli at the .Lovely Banks, reservoir. = > Improvements are being made to thc outlet works oLthe'Stoney Creek reservoir, but tlioy - will "he - completed in time to enable the reservoir to catch tho winter rains.' '• The local Customs and'Treasury offices will he closed on Friday,: in connection with the colpbrafion cf the Queen's Birthday. Agents desiring to clear, vessels may do so as usual, provided that notice of their intention to do so is given uot -later than 4.30 on the previous nfteruoon. There was- nothing of moment in yesterday's police court business. A country resident who was brought up for being under " the iufluence " whilst iq charge of a horse and vehicle, planked I down half a sovereign and went away happy. Ann M'Guhan, who also had " a wee drop in her 'cc," went up to the retreat on the hill for 48 hours, us she was lacking the ten shillings to liquidate the fine imposed upon her. James .Smith, convicted of using obscene language, had to follow her example, and went into temporary retirement. The magistrates on the bench were Messrs W. Pardey and M. F. l)ownes, J's.P. The roller skating season in connection with the Geelong Recreation Club will be opened this evening in the club's admir ably appointed rink in Latrobe- terrace. The revival of the - fascinatiug winter's amusement under the management of the club should prove decidedly'' popular. Members of the club ure entitled to free admission, but outsiders will be received into the linking section on payment of a fee of 10s Gd, which will carry them through the season. This is reasonable, and guarantees respectability. Those desirous of joining should send in their names to the skating committee, so that they may be duly nominated by a mem ber of the club. Renewed complaints arobeing made con certing the phylloxera in tlioBciidigo district, and winged insects are- .said to have been seen of late. It is now believed -lihat . tho disease has been in the vineyards for many years. The municipalities arc to suffer for . thn recent peculations of tlio funds of the Country Fire Brigades'. Board by TV.' S. Judd,1 its former chief officer.':: Tlio anuual. report. of the Country, Firo Brigades' -Board ou the matter reads:—"It is with great regret thai tlie'bonrd has to report that serious defalca tions were discovered in July last in the case of the secretary,; "W. S. Judd, which necessi-. .bated his dismissal,' and., tlio institution- of criminal proceedings ngainst liini. He is noWiServmg a scntcnco- of - two. years and three'months in gaol: ■ After careful surutiny it Was ascertained-that the frauds committed; by him during.the year. (1894) under. review' amfiiiuted to £376 Is 2d, and in making, tlio uctu,il statements of tlio case : this sum has bccil included with the general charges, mid debited j/ro rata .amongst. the : several: iiro districts." The lance-.wus again levelled against the Country (Melbourne) Firo Brigades! Board by Councillor Shoppeo, at the meeting of tho Ballarat City .Council,'"on1 Monday. ■ He observed that Parliament was about to meet, and trusted that the-Chief Secretary would bring up his promised amending bill to - deal with the Country Firo Brigades' -Board: It was quite time that tho council again tackled tho subject.; Tbcy had allowed the board to rest for a considerable time ; but a gentle man of high -standing in connection with a fire iusuraneo company expressed the hope that he would continue the agitation until ho finally got the brigades" again under, local control.' Ho moved "Tliat the lfou, the Chief, Secretary bo asked to bring in a bill this; next session to modify, tlio Country Fire; Brigades' Act by giving moro local control to municipal councils, and that the returning; officer be appointed, outside tlio board; also,' -that tlio voting for a ' representative on the board - be on the same footing as the voting for. a representative on the board of fire in surance companies; and that ..which is adopted by mining and other ".companies, viz., in proportion to contributions and shares." It was monstrous that tho munici pal council wlucli paid only, just over £4 per year should-bo ou the same footiug as tho City of Ballarat with its largo contribution. The motion was carried. The Government (writes tho " Ago") is proceeding definitely with the policy, of en couraging the" Victorian coal ''industry! and on the ,1st Jul/ tenders for the'3upply of coal for the railways will; be- ■ invited, in terms specially prepared that justice may be done to tho local mines. The. prices will be re-, , vised, and t'uo whole coal supply rearranged on a new scale,: from which " the Railway dc paitment is expected : to .derive substantial beuefit, while tho colony gains the immense , advantage of its own coal supply,: .As the coal contracts exceed in amount the statu-, tofv jurisdiction - of the "commissioners, the Minister of Railways has been asked to' de-. dare, under the 24th section of the netj that the supply of Victorian coul is a matter be longing to the general policy of the Govern ment. Tiie Minister states that the encourage mentof Victorian' coal industry was taken up by former Ministories," and he (lues not intend to depart from that policy ; cm .tlio contrary, ho is ciitirely satisfied that there are now stronger grounds than.ever for throwing.. tlio. weight of State eucouriigciheht ihto the scale. In commenting oh the commissioners' state ment. that they, pay £30,000 ; per annum in excess of the value, of the ooal, the Minister points "out! that they, should "not lose sight of the fact that they are receiving Newcastle coal;.at; a greatly reduced price as the result of the development of the Victorian mines. :At the very lowest rates formerly paid, the Newcastle coal was never belo w . 17s Gd ■ n ton, and the present price was reached only when it was demonstrated beyond doubt that the success 'of--the Victorian coal industry was assured. The present low rates, Mr Williams emphatically points; out, are our own creation, and the difference thus ob tained means iin actual saving of about £10,000 a year, winch the department should allow l'or against the;loss said to be incurred in using the local material. The i'rcinier has been furnished with a departmental memorandum on the subject, and lias now in baud various documents for perusal in < pre paration for tho action to bo taken by tho Government in definitely declaring that tho policy of the country is to foster its own coal resources. , .... Correspondents sending paragraphs fur this column relating to Societies, Church Unions, :Lodges, etc., vill please ubsorvo 'that; no an nouncements of events to take place arc admis sible Tin siicli.paragraphs.unless they -refer -to - an advertisement in another part of tho paper. To-morrow being Ascension Day, special services will be licld at St. Paul's Church, as elsewhere announced:; At -Evensong the united choirs of the parish will assist, .numbering some . 100 voices in all. ■ , Tbb usual weekly meeting of the-Geelong Mutual Improvement.Association wnB held in tho classroom. Mechanics' Institute, on Mon day ovoniug last. The chair was occupied by Mr W.'Bairdj - in "tho absence of the president, Mr,Geo. Bradley. ' Mr W.' Gurr, M.LA.; was introduced its :a:-uew member, and heartily' welcomed. Mr - G, Woods was elected a member: After tlio usual, routine business was disposed of tlio.'syllabus business, viz.,." After dinner.'speeches,'.!, was entered upon. The fragrant weed in! the shapo of cigars, etc.,- was handed rbttndi and the members - very. soon madethemselves comfortable.' The following toasts wore duly - honored " The Queen," proposed by Mr Baird; ■ " Parliament,'' p o ;posed by Mr Geo! Bates, and responded, to by Mr'Gurr, M.L'.A,:, who' gave a few illustrations E. Hendy ; " -Local industries," proposed bv Mr Burgess, . and : responded • to by Mr T.: Marks ; •• The civil semce;'-'* propose!) by Mr Gough, and responded to: by Messrs Burgess aim M'Douold :Kindred Societies " _ Societies^" proposed bv-Mr JEDonald, and responded to by Meaars Blakiston and Marshall,: oil behajf of the ASS'.-A. ; " The ladies," proposed by Mi-.E 17. Cotton,--and "responded to . by Mr Mark Gough in a' liigaly humorous speech ; " The law,"-proposed by Mr Georgo Brown hill, and responded ti by Mr G. R.-King; ".The Press," proposed by Mr Lord, and duly responded to. < , All intending competitors for the Modcwarro Handicap, Log-Chopping, and Milc-Race, aro requested to send-in their, entries before the I 23fd.to Mr Edward Synot,' the = . secretary, as that is tho last day of receiving same: c.Tlio weekly meeting of :St. Paul's-Church Union was held on Monday. -Tiie'Rcv: J; S. .Hart presided, and remindi-d members-of the ■ annual gathoring and picnic, arrangements for .which weie lott to Mr P. AV. Gray. . The evening was spoilt iji a bhnkespoarinn'reading, tho part chosen l-.elng- "Hamlet: The'Ghost Scene,'! in ivhich the. iolloiving members' took a (lively .interest:Messrs ,- Dobbyii;- Gray, Pin-ser. Rickett-Sj M'Coiiiiick, M'Donald uqd Trickett. : *A correspondent writes : " A meeting 7 Svui .held in the old Clyde Mills, Russell's bridgo, oil 11th inst., for tho purpose-, of. forming a Sparrow Club, the result being very satisfac tory. - .The- following were elected office bearers: President, J. Pattiuson ; vicc-piesi dent, W. Russell; secretary and treasurer, J. H. Porkor; with a committee of seven of tho following: II. Bampfield, XV. Russell, XV. Hannan, \V. Lowndes, J. Buckwortli, J. Pat tiuson, J. II. Parker, and a list of about 20 members, and judging by tlio interest that is being manifested in it, thoro is no doubt that it will become a strong club. It was decided to call it the Moorabool Sparrow Shooting Club.' 