MONDAY, JANUARY 28, 1893. THERE is no doubt that a majority of members were in favour of paying the moiety of the municipal subsidy due last September on the basis of £200,000, but MR. A. HARRIS bungled the affair so badly that the Premier was forced to assume an uncompromising attitude. No Ministry can afford to be dictated to by a supporter foolish enough to boast before a deputation that he can command a majority in spite of his leader. For- tenately there are members in the Legislative Assembly who do not seek to turn every measure of public import- ance to their own glorification. The municipal expenditure is so subdivided that a large section of the public is apt to regard a grant in aid from the general revenue as a premium to ratepayers. The municipal subsidy has frequently been termed by metropolitan news papers a huge bribe to constituencies. It has been used as a bribe, but so has every expenditure of public funds at one time or another, not in the Australian colonies alone but in England and other countries. The unfair distribution of a grant does not destroy the equity of tiding local bodies in the construction of works benefitting the community quite as much as they benefit the locality. Cities, and suburbs calling them selves shires, are not entitled to public funds, neither are those shires which have long since constructed main roads out of grants so efficiently that they cost very little to keep in repair. It is the sparsely populated districts which need assistance and have the right to demand it. Take the Rosedale shire for instance. It costs more than the rates of the Toongabbie division to maintain the main road to Wallalla. In the borough of Sale the South ward rates are nearly all spent on the Punt Lane, which is the main road to Port Albert. If the districts were thickly populated the ratepayers could afford the rates, but it is different when only a few have to pay them. Most shire valuations are fairly under the capital value of the property rated at 1s in the £1, and if the owners were only earn- ing 10 per cent. clear profit on that value they could afford to pay a higher rata. Very few, however, do clear 10 per cent. after paying ordinary wages for their own work, though they may own property valued at £1,000. When rates have to be deducted from earnings insufficient to pay all working expenses, an extra sixpence in the £1 is a very serious matter. The shire councillors know this, and whatever they may do to other provinces in Gippsland they have exerted the most rigid economy for the past two years. Knowing their predica- ment they felt sure that the Government would not cut down their subsidy lower than £200,000. The Premier has ac- knowledged that he had no intention of reducing it below that sum until the Land tax was rejected. Even now he acknowledges the moral obligations of the Government to pay on that basis by eliminating cities, towns and first-class shires from the grant, so that the remain- ing municipalities may have nearly as much assistance as if the whole £200,000 had been available. Mr TURNER has also undertaken to pay the whole amount at once, so that municipalities may clear off their overdrafts as much as possible. Notwithstanding these concessions the shires will be unable to keep their main roads in order throughout the year with- out further assistance. The Premier admits the situation and has promised to consider how the Government can meet it. Tolls, a tire tax or the licens- ing of teamsters are all means of revenue which would defeat their own object. The Premier has promised to give the municipalities what he can out of the savings on the estimates, and it is the duty of the representatives of country constituencies to watch the course of events, so that if taxation is needed for the assistance of municipalities legisla- tion of a proper character may be pre pared in time. WHEN the Chief Justice, Sir JOHN MADDOX, pictured Victoria standing " a-tiptoe in its desire to achieve that great consummation," Federation, he spoke merely as a rhetorican. The real position he described when he said that Victorians "were not blind to the con- siderable advantages, commercial and otherwise, that would come of Federa- tion; but at the same time they were deeply impressed by the higher and nobler aspect of the naton. The Chief Justice went on to say that Feder ation could not be dictated by any one colony until all were ready and that it was only from united action that any thing could practically come. Here is the answer to those enthusiasts who chafe at the long delay, as well as to those who from various petty motives hold aloof, carping and ridiculing the project of a federated Australia. Be- cause the assemblage at the Melbourne Town Hall last Wednesday did not fill the building, the parochial minded, and those who delight in throwing cold water on every project which involves self abnegation, point to it as proof that there is no public interest in the question. The reason for the absence of a large gathering to hear the Premiers of New South Wales and South Australia is manifest in their speeches. It was known that they were not going to speak on the subject in detail, and therefore they could have nothing to tell the audience with which they were not already familiar. What the people now want to hear is the argument for or against the appointment of a national convention, which shall draft a federal constitution, to be submitted in its turn for acceptance or rejection by the people of each colony. Those who complain of the slow progress of the Federation movement should take heart from the speech of Mr. DARKE, the Canadian trade commissioner to Australia. He pointed out that for forty years they talked of confederation in Canada, but nothing was done till in 1864 they felt that the United States of America were in earnest in their endeavor to annex them. The abolition of reciprocity tariffs between the two countries, would, as Mr DARKE said, have starved the Canadian provinces one by one into sub- mission. In Australia the first popular movement towards federation, took place only fourteen years ago. The situation was grasped by the Statesmen, and the enthusiasm of the Albury banquet in 1881, that meeting of Premiers to cele- brate the completion of the railway from Melbourne to Sydney, resulted in the formation of the Federal Council, The outside pressure which gave the impulse towards federation at that period was the necessity for borrowing money to develop the resources of the country, and the foresight of the statesmen that it would he ruination to pay five per cent. interest on the amount required. It is not improbable that the Federal Council would have been given executive as well as advisory powers after the first three years of its existence, if it had not been for the marvellous change in the London money market. When each colony could borrow as many millions as it chose at 3½ per cent., the spirit of federation truly went into the air. Each colony deemed itself too rich and too progressive to tolerate partnership. Vic- toria even had dreams of annexation, of extending the beneficiary rule of protec- tive tariffs to Tasmania and South Aus- tralia. It was not until the premoni- tory signs of the bursting of the boom came that the spirit of federation again entered the sphere of practical politics. This time it was taken up by the poli ticians, and the wisdom of the collective parliaments was embodied in the conven- tion of 1890. Still the outside pressure was not strong enough to coalesce the colonies. A year ago, however, the people realised that the time was at hand when federation offered a means of settling trade rivalries, which are fast developing from competition to hostility. The people are ready now for federation, but they want it on their own terms, not those of the politicians. The constitu tion must be drafted by delegates elected directly by the people, not by parlia ments, or a limited franchise. As soon as the principle of one-man-one vote is accepted in Victoria, as it has been in the adjacent colonies, the Federation scheme, outlined by the Australasian Federation League, will be within measurable distance of accomplishment. Thursday last was observed by the business people of Sale as a general holiday in celebra- tion of Foundation Day. The weather was gloriously fine, though intensely hot, indeed the temperature registered at the local observatory, 99 degrees in the shade, has rarely been equalled. Saturday was the government date of the anniversary of Foundation Day, and all the banks and government offices were closed. The excursion train to Melbourne, which left Sale at 10 a.m. on Friday, was well filled, the passengers numbering 70 second class and 8 first-class, besides 12 children. The excursion train from Melbourne the previous day, brought about the same num- her of visitors to Sale, the great majority being ladies. The Sale common, according to the "Go vernment Gazette" notice of January 25, is to be diminished by 800 acres, more or less, the area to be deducted being north and and west of the right bank of Flooding Creek, the road to Latrobe bridge and the Thomson river. The Rev. Father McMahon has been stationed permanently at St. Mary's Cathe- dral, Sale, and will also have charge of the Maffra and Newry districts. The steamboat excursion from Sale to the Avon river, announced for yesterday after- noon, did not take place, owing to the rain which fell in the morning threatening to last all day. The twelfth half- yearly sale at Messrs W. D. Leslie and Co.'s is now on. There will be swimming matches at the corporation baths on Thursday after- noon. Entries for the events close to-night, The s.s. Queenscliff will sail from Mel. bourne on Wednesdays instead of Fridays for the future; commencing on Wednesday next. The Sale Ladies' High School, conducted by Miss Beausaire, re-opens to-morrow, The name of Miss A. S. Hagan has to be added to the list of successful pupils educated at the High School. Miss Hagab has passed the Government examination for scholarships in English, French, Latin, Arithmetic, Algebra and Geometry. The Rev. Father T, H.' tHurles);, of St. Mary's Cathedral, has been appoainted to sueceed the Rlev. E. Colman of Mblorwell. Tihe departure of Father Hurley from Sale, will be much regretted, for Ie has gaiied many friends and well- wishes during the period of his ministration in the district and town. The Rev. Father Coleman, who lI going to Europe, was presented with a hand. some testlimoilsl hy the clergy of the diocese at the annual assembly held at Bairnadale on the 23rd inst. Mr Frank Weston, of "' Wizard oil," " Magic pills" and " African reiedly" fame, gave a very pleasing entertainment at the Victoaio Hall, Sale, last Thursday and Friday evenilgs. What with his songs, banjo playing, diverting anecdotes, and use ful hints regarding tile treatmenet of I rheumatini, sciatica andl so on, tile fact that it was a free advertisement seance was entirely forgotten by the audience. The Venerable Archdeacon Armstrong -has, according to the "Courier," been suffering severely from a bad throat, This has been tihe driest season 'experienr ed iu Gippaland for very many years,-.o tile c fcily of water in a a?ninher of places is on get deal of inconvenience to some people, aind serious loss to othele. itle Rev. P. Dawson is not recovering front tlhe effects of his accident as quickly as anticipated, and camoe into Sale on Saturday for medical attention, Tlhe rev, gentlemtan will remain here until he leaves for home. Members of I 3ompany Itangers deslrous of attending the parade in Melbourne on Saturday, 16th February, are requested to notify Sergl Major James before bSaturday, 2nd February, An allowance will be made isom company' funrds. The commanding officer desires as large an attendance as possible, Drills for Thursday next, ;lst lont., are cancelled. A moonlight excursion to lekeo Wellinglton Is announced for Tuesday night next, the proceeds fIom which are to go iowards pay. lng off a small balance due on the piano purchased for the use of the hospital patients. hir Towsey, wilo has acted as treasurer, has artageid tile excursion and a good progranmmie of amnuselimemnt has been arranmged. The lickets will be isoaed at one r illing each, tut there will be no Ihal p ice ticketo. The steamboat excursion to Bilrnsdale, ounder the auspices of the Sale cricket club, promises to be well patronised. TheSteamler will leave the canal whalf on Thurbday morning at half-past neven o'clock, The Sale and Birnudale rifle clubs will try conclusions on Thursday next on the IBalrnadalo ranges, Conditions 10 men aside, ranges 500 and 000 yards, 10 shots at each. The Sale team will be chosen from t the following:-Sorensoa , Rose, Clherry, 0Meilne, Webb, Watts, Umphelby, Pierd, France, James and Major Wilson, The actual proportion whichl eoch shire and borough ise to receive from the reduced Government grant has ttot yet been oficially announced, The Avon shire council ecstmate r thlley will hive about £1000 less than if thime a grant had been on the £200,000 basis, while the Itonedale shire council meckon to lose 0 £1,500. Owing to tihe thick fog on Thursday lasat omme of the steamers starring from Lakes' t u Etrance were much dclayed, The J,'.1,, did not reach I irnsedale till long past her duo time, mnd thus the boat' special trip to e the Eutrancen as delayed, The Sale steammer 5 left Cuninghiame punctually to time, despilt t0 he fog, for both Captainse Masters amIl d Safetromin know the route like a Mississipl it pilot knows his river, blindfold. t. Mr \\. Ii I ettlt of Sale, conesultin s engineer to the Walhalla Shire Council ii visited tile Moe and Toongabbie roads on 1 Tuesliy lant, in company with the Shire O President Cr. Win. Armstrong, and IMr SMloyle the works overseer, Mr Pettit tI found the roads in a very had state, ad hlie ' intmlds inspecting these routes in a thorough it mmuner before preparing specificntions for f necessary works to be carried out before the if winter sets in. ' Iichard Mortayne Harris, a selector re. sliding about eight miles from Foeter was killed on Friday by the fall of a tree, A ma;t engaged by lcar is was cutting dowu a tree some 200 feet loang, and he cilled out to hinm to stand away. A suo of deceae(d I also called out, but Ilarris did nomt hear, and I was struck on the Iead and shoulders by the *. tree. hMr Ilardes had only receutly taken up the land, and he leaves a widaow and e eleven children at Pascoe 'ale, MeIlbourne. Geo. Hair was admlitted to the Sale 0e hospital on January 2%th, under Dr. Wells, 1 esuffirlng fromt fracture of both urms, camued 0 by being thrownu out of a cart at Willow. grove, sole len miles from Aloe. A . younlg man named Robert Anton hmad his ankle broken in Sale on Friday eight whilst wrestling with a locali hairdresser named ]IHnsen. At the annual meeting of ememnberr of the d Roedale mnechanies' institute, the fulluaing offlice iearers were elected :-PresideLnt, M3 I W. Allen ; vice-president, Mr lorne ; secre s tary, Mir IHurre; treasurer, Air Grten; commtittee--Mesers White, I'crrolt, Ilrk. Sness Cny, .l'IPhee anld Ocurge; auditoI, AlMessi Green sald Gay. II 1ir Ml'Lachlan mhel soeme forty acres of J. gras, io his paddock at tirasedale, mmn the balll.a road, burnt out onl Tihurmalvy after ia nIon. The fire is supposed to have oricl . nlted fromn sparkh fronm the engine of the Safterltonlm train fronml lairnsdale, and the eame 1 paddock has been ignited three times within al the past mentlh or tawo fromn engine qurlks as The fum,eral of Mar Stanley It. Lathia to took place ott Thursday afternoomn. Tihe if brethren of the Pioneer Lodge, ( irand Unitel d Order of Oddfellows, marched im Irolt of tlhe hm.arse, andi a numuber of tihe comlradles of the deceased in the liailway departImet, . enginle drivers and stokers, also jlmined in 0 tile cortege to the Sale cemetery. The , arrangelmelmts for thie ilnterlnent ee aeurrird out my .elr J. K. laLea. Tme proposed alteration to oee of hie . wards at thie Glppeland Ilospital Iao ot mnle with tie approval of thie approval mf the . ,Ilapctor of Charitable lnlmetitatio, audit is probllei that tile colmlnlttee Vill hl mrto kailI a sew warrd. Thie additio.rd acconli Smod ,tlen maked for by tile 'lctora iv bad?l needed to iprovide for thie bettir care o[ Spatients undergoing operations. Time It lilwmy departmlnent Ias bto m blancd of lali for the ruiseedm conditimm Iif sheep Struckedl to tile Ireezieg Wolke at Noewlort Thie mficiale appear to take more care low, for of 1040 elheep froim Nmmlnimok almsde, truckld bmy Mr DIobbin, at1 llocme, ithe week befire last, only two were emmmlemmimd Thie otlhelr, when slaughltered were found lt me i exrceptionally limu couditiou. lair ?l'Len, tihe mmemtmer for (iippelti North, nmale a comuplete refutamimlm of lie Saseertioml that lthe Olppsldtm railmays were respondble for a delicieoey of £2'i0,000 ' Syear, in reply to Mr M'Kenzel, during tbe Sdisneslios in Parliament last week on rll. t way freights. Mr M'Lean poiterld outli the first instance thalt of tihe "?altern' 'esytem," whici cost £6,300,000, only hall Sthe lines had connection with tiipil"lCd traffic. lThe (ippaland limeo lad colit d £3,070,009, and in making up the tratce' turns it nmust be borne il mmind that hal the d revenue aoccruing from the ippslaeii lim( stook trmtilc was credited to the North eastern systeml, biecause the truock were int i on to Nrewmarket. As a mnatter of foct the ,totIl ernoings of thie Gippellmhd line amounted to considerably over £L.10,iOh and if they did not pay, it must be owln to very extravagant managemment. Thomas Floyd, a well-known farmer on the Omeo Plains, was charged before Mr Holmes, P.M., at Omeo, last Thursday, with horse stealing. The police applied for an adjournment, which was granted. The salary of the new Governor of Vic toria is not to be reduced to £5000 after all. When cable communication was restored on Friday, the Premier annouunced that his pre decessor, Sir James Patterson, had practi cally guaranteed that the salary should be £7000, All thie was well kbowu et the time thie bill wes being dieeuesed, but legi' latore in both lHounses were apparemtly de eirouas of making a pralde of their retreaoch tnttt inolinations. As soon ua it could be I definitelay announcued that the Secretsrf ot State for tie Colonies ihad receeeied the il' Smatlon of thie reduction of salary too lae to not upon, the imeasure was ocacelled. it addlition to the £7000 a year salsry the o manlotenmnoe of tihe two (Government resi dences amounts to £3,800 a year, .The "Advertiser" claims that Bairnsdsle has more railway traffic than Sale. The official returns for the year ended June 30, 1894, show that the moiety of outward and inward revenue credited to Sale station was £9,862 2s 7d, and to Bairnsdale £9,154 19s 10d. As the charges to Bairnsdale are con- siderably more than to Sale, the amount of traffic dealt with at Sale is considerably larger than appears by the revenue receipts. Mr John King, late of Mairbrun, near Metung, died at "Chislehurst," Hawksburn, on Thursday last, aged 75 years. Mr King was the second son of Admiral P. King, one of the celebrities, many years ago, of New South Wales. The deceased was one of the first squatters to take up land in Gippsland and for many years he owned Nambrok station in the Rosedale shire. He was one of the old school of pastoralists, and used to say what a grand country Gippsland was before fences and houses spread over it. Despite his preference for grass paddocks to ploughed acres, (once he informed the Legislative Assembly that there was not a bit of land in the province fit to grow a bushel of wheat) Mr King took an active interest in the opening up of the country, and was one of the first presidents of the Rosedale shire council. When he sold Nambrok he went to Europe for a time, and on his return he went to a great deal of trouble to establish lemon groves on his property at Mairbrun. Mr King's two brothers are both leading men in Melbourne world, Mr Arthur King being head of the firm, King and company, and Mr W. Essington King is well-known as a director of public companies. The late Mr King's eldest son, Mr Philip G. King, formerly resided at Boisdale. There has been heavy rain both in Sydney and Hobart during the past few days. Our correspondent wired that the cricket matches at each of these places had to be stopped owing to the rain on Saturday. The rain being general over the whole area between those cities, it will probably reach this portion of Gippsland, where it is badly wanted. The New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Company, notify that they will grant three months free storage on all grain consigned to their warehouses on or before March 31st., and after that date one month's free postage. All grain is held in trust on account of owners, thus the in- terests of consignors are protected against all possible contingencies. Mr John Sutcliffe, J.P., and Government Commissioner of the Korumbarra Water Trust, died suddenly from paralysis on Saturday, Mr Sutcliffe had resided in Gipps. land for thirty years, chiefly in the neigh- bourhood of Drouin, and he was a member of the Buln Buln shire council for fourteen years. He had attended an election meeting of Dr. L. L. Smith's, at Korumburra, on Friday evening, and shortly after his return home he was seized with illness. Mr Sut- cliffe was twice married, and leaves a widow with three daughters and one son, all grown up. The ' Australasian" says that Mr C. L. Greene, of Bairnsdale, has joined Mr Alex. Smith in the proprietorship of the Bayview stud, Many residents in this district knew and and respected the Omeo coach driver, W. Walsh, who was killed last Wednesday. It appears that on going dawn a long incline about two miles on the Bruthen side of the Double Bridges, the break failed to act, and the horses galloping down, swerved towards the bridge, which is on a bend of the road, and brought the coach in collision with a culvert rail. Walsh got up quickly, walked about a little, then laid down, saying he was dying, and before further assistance could be obtained he was dead. Mr Graeber fell so heavily that he became unconscious at once, and it was a considerable time before he was sensible of his position, when it was discovered his back was injured and several ribs broken. The inside passengers were Mr C. F. Thomson, Mrs Withers, of Melbourne, and her two daughters, aged about twelve and fourteen. The latter were severely shaken, and Mr Thomson has had a his collar bone broken. Mr Thomson was formerly assistant engineer to the Bairns- dale shire, and has recently returned from Coolgardie. He was on his his way to join the Government track-cutting party on the Genoa river. Mr Graeber and the body of Walsh were taken back to Bruthen, about twelve miles distant from the scene of the accident. Walsh had been thirty five years in Cobb's coach service, and leaves a widow and seven children. The gold returns for the Gippsland district for the year 1894 total 66S.20loz, as com." pared to 53,367oz. in 1893. The Minister of Lands, Mlr Best, has revoked from temporary reservation the 15 a acres of land reserved as a rifle range at Rosedale since 1876. The rejection of the Primage duty repeal 1411 by the Legislative Council appears to have surprised Mr Service and other legislators as much as it did the public. The Premier has announced that the ques- tlon will again be considered in the special session to deal with the tariff. Lady Hopetoun has declined to receive a presentation from the ladies of Victoria on her departure, "in recognition of her services to Victorian charities and society.' The refusal was coached in graceful terms, but the ladies moving in the matter ought to have recollected that Lady Hopetoun must have heard about the scandal in con- nection with the diamond necklace pre- sented to Lady Loch. John Spry, who was arrested recently at Tanjil, was ordered by the South Melbourne bench last Friday, to pay 7s 6d per week to Elizabeth Hooper for the maintenance of her illegitimate child. He was further ordered to find a surety of £25. Mr Joseph Knight, one of the Government experts on agricultural products, has been at Orbost inspecting the crops grown under the bonus regulations and lecturing. Mr Knight's daughter, who is between twelve and thirteen years of age, manipulates the lantern views at her father's lectures, and takes photographs of the crops and plants when deemed desirable. Mr Knight is not the only Government official who utilises the services of his family since the policy of retrenchment has been enforced. At Freestone Creek, some 35 miles from Lindenow, a ghost walks of evenings, which would be a great acquisition to Mrs Mellon's collection. It is asserted to be shot proof, and no dog will tackle it. Still more mar- vellous, the "Advertiser" states that the spook caused a Bairnsdale municipal re- presentative's " hair on his head to rise to its full height, and his legs to give way under him." Mark Twain used to tell what size of the sea serpent he had seen. Perhaps brand of whisky the skipper drank by the irrigation has upset the nerves of the Bairns- dale "municipal representatives." The Minister for Agriculture, Mr Taver- ner, in answer to a question by Mr Cook, in Parliament last Tuesday, stated that a bonus of £2 per acre was offered for the cultivation of sugar beet, if the crop was used for the manufacture of sugar, the total payment to one person not to exceed £100. A bonus of £5 per ton was offered for the manufacture of marketable sugar from beet grown in Victoria, the maximum payment being £500. He did not think there was any machinery in the colony capable of extract. ing sugar from beet, but there was machinery capable of extracting sugar from beet juice either fresh or dried, Mr Grimwade, M.L.C., states that he knows of one estate which would have to devote 21 per cent. of its income to paying the present land tax and the new income tax. It is a nice question in arithmetic to calculate how many thousands a year the owner of the estate must make before he is compelled to contribute so handsomely to the public revenue. Mr Dowling, M.L.C., states that, combined with municipal taxes, he will have to pay over £600 a year when the income tax comes into force, on a pro- perty which last year did not yield 1 per cent. on its capital value of £3 per acre. In regard to the Victorian timber export business the Minister of Lands, Mr Best, has informed Mr Mason that Mr Perrin, the Conservator of Forests, had already in- spected 154,000 superficial feet of timber ex- ported. He had also selected about 1000 blocks of the best qualities of timber which would be sent at the Government expense to the United States. The saw millers' asso- ciation was sending sample parcels of timbers to the naval arsenals and dock-yards of Eng- land. The department will also shortly issue a report giving information concerning the industry. Mr . Anderson, the member for Winder- mere, in order to relieve the municipalities suffering from through traffic, wants the Government to bring in a progressive toll bill, a tire tax, or a bill to license carriers. The Premier has intimated that the matter would be inquired into, and some proposal laid before the House during the present year, but not next session, which will he devoted entirely to revision of the Customs tariff. The Legislative Council threw out the bill reducing the Agent-General's salary from £2,125 to £1,500 a year, without the slightest discussion. The survey of the Outtrim railway line has been given to Messrs Lawson and Lunt, ex-officers of the Railway department, the contract price being £220. Mr J. S, Butters has failed to upset the return of Mr Bowser for Wangaratta and Rutherglen. The Elections and Qualifica- tions Committee reported to Parliament on Friday that Mr Bowser was duly elected, There is a popular belief that warrants for wife desertion or for the maintenance of illegitimate children, are frequently applied for by the aggrieved parties merely to enable the alleged delinquent to travel at the gover- ment expense. It is very awkward, how- ever, when the police are too zealous and arrest the wrong man. James Breen, work ing at Glen Wills is the latest victim of mistaken identity. He was arrested on a charge of deserting an illegitimate child at Traralgon. He was remanded for a week by the honorary justices at Omeo, who then decided that there was enough evidence to send him on to Traralgon. At the Sale gaol he was seen by Sergeant M'Gann, and from what Breen told him, together with certain discrepancies in the description of the man mentioned in the warrant, he concluded that he was the wrong man. Consequently instead of detaining Breen until the next sitting of the police magistrate, the authorities forwarded him to Traralgon, where he arrived last Wednesday morning. There Constable Noble saw he was the wrong man, and procuring the attendance of Mr Varney, J.P., got him discharged. Nine days' imprisonment and a journey of 200 miles is hard lines, especially as no one is to blame, except, perhaps, the honorary justices at Omeo, who might have exercised the same discrimination as Sergeant McGann. The worst is that Breen is left at Traralgon to get back to his work as he can, he having no claims upon anyone to pay the expenses of his journey back or compensate him for the loss of a week's work. Those who are moving in the direction of establishing a national trust in connection with the export of meat trade have formulated their scheme in a circular, which has been sent to agricultural and pastoral societies throughout the country. It is urged that the Government should pass a bill through Parliament to enable the stock owners of the colony to form themselves into a trust for the purpose of developing the meat export industry, and that power should be given to the trust to levy a rate upon all stock for such purpose. A sum of £145,000, it is said, would provide ample funds to establish freezing and storage works at Mel- bourne, Geelong, Warrnambool, Portland, and any suitable places in the country districts, and this money would be provided for as required by the issue of debentures by the trust, bearing interest at the rate of 5 per cent. per annum ; the debentures to be guaranteed by Government. To provide for interest and repayment a tax of 2s per 100 sheep upon the 19,000,000 in Victoria would be necessary. This tax would bring in a yearly income of £13,000, which would pro- vide interest and pay off the principal in 15 years. A proportionate tax on cattle would probably yield £9000, which could be used in redeeming debentures, or for the purpose of assisting in opening up markets in various parts of the globe. 