A SKETCH. mitten for the Toowoomba Chronicle.) Tjir fanfaronade of multitudinous agents has prepared tho Australian publio for tho second advent of this Ulyssos whom W. T. Stead dubs u the leader of the vanguard of tho Churcii militant." .The bass-drum booms out with extra sonorousness, tho cymbals clash in frenzied enthusiasm, and as the wclcomo tocsin splits tho air tho Salvation Army en unwe " hangs Its banners upon tho outer wall." Mr. Booth Is not tho least of tho many old celebrities who have from timo to timo veiled our shores, if tho estimate of his importance can" bo gauged by tho warmth ! and enthusiasm of his welcome. Tho Aus tralian public aro quick to discern merit where it exists, and not slow in bestowing E raise where it is honestly duo. Mr. Booth i not fin orator in tho popular sonso of tho term, aud his greatness does not lio in plat form work; Talmago, Joseph Cook, Mrs. Defiant, MoNcil, and dozens of others far outshine our present visitor in thut accom plishment. It is his individuality that tells. A certain reserved force, indcfinablo, bat evi- dont in his every word aud action. Ho is unable to " freeze tho cowering blood" or dissolvo tbo heart in tenderness " at will, but ho is " a man of rank and of capacious soul" and possesses a hidden power that magnetises, enthuses, and inspires all wiio come into personal contact with him. Tho key to Mr. Booth's oharaeter is constancy of purpose. " Great Captains," suid Bonapnrto, " perform vnst achievements by adjusting efforts to obstacles," and It is the oxoroiso of this faculty coupled with a firm and deep ruuiuu uui1» jwuull vi tuu vivniy vi ma iiii.t sion that has made Mr. Booth whnt he is to- day. Without being a genius lie has accom plished by incorrigible pluck and determina tion what scores of geniuses havo failed to do. Charles Kingsloy in speaking of his father said ho possessed every talent but the talent of using his talents ; Mr. Booth has perhaps less talents than many of tho world's great men, but tho faculty of using to the best advantago thoso ho is possessed of is abnormally developed. Like most men who have lmd to punch their way to the top of the ladder, Mr. Booth is somewhat of a dogmatist, aud his oharaeter has gained strength by the narrowness of His views, and. tho Qoucentra tlon of bin energies io one direction. With his own people ho is apt to be imperious, a characteristic that is oommon to nearly all great leaders of men— men of strong indivi duality—and which in Mr. Booth's caso may have been acquired by tho continual cxcrcisa of a percmptorincss which ft was found necessary to assume as the head of a psoudo- military government. Thoso who nro cog nisant with the enormous amount of work ami worry that lite position entails, aro, how- over, too much lost in awo and admiration to notice peculiarities of temperament in their chief. Bat whatovor peculiarities Mr. Booth may possess in common with tho rest of poor humanity, no ouo can accuso him of iusin- ccrlty. ' I will undertake to say," writes one who lias just como from lite preseneo, " that no man who has any faith at All in first im pressions as a guido to. another's character, can bo in Gonoral Booth's preseneo fivo minutes without believing in his genuine ness." To converse with this wonderful man is to fcol acutely ono's own insignificance be fore tho forco of his individuality ; his keen : hazel eyes, oxprcsslvo and alert, seem to look through to ono's spinal column ; tho wealth of white hair and long shaggy beard scorn- Ingly unkempt and uncarcd for, the splendid nose, fully developed poreoptivo organs, and bushy brows, together with a tall command ing figure clad in military uniform presents n pleasing pioturo not easily forgotten. Ho strikos ono as being a splendid spcolmcn of a nineteenth century soldier-prophet. In con versation ho relaxes, losing his character of commander, nnd becoming a genial talker, full of wholosomo common senso not unmixed with a vein of dry humor. It lies boon said that tho Salvation Army comes in DIRECT Al'OHTOMC SUCCESSION from tho primitive bodvof believers who were in tho habit of assembling in tho upper room at Joritsnlem, nnil porhaps when wo take into consideration the fact that Mr. Booth was brought up during childhood iu .tho Estab lished Church, and add to it another fact that during tho reign of Stephon, somo sovon and a half conturics ago, a William Booth was Archbishop of tho Province of Canter bury, tho succession nmy provo to 'bo more striot and literal than is generally sup posed. Mr. Booth was born at Nottingham on April 10th, 182!). His mothor was a saint, and liis father, according to Sir. Booth's own words, was n gentloman who "spont tho earlier years of his Ufo in making a fortune, nnd tho lator years in losing it." Tho older Booth eventually died, leaving his widow nnd lior son in pecuniary dllllculties. Like tho good son that ho was -William worked for tho maintenance of his mothor with tho samo energy thnt hns characterised overy effort of his later life. At an early ago tho event occurred which swept tho current of his Ufo into n ohannel from whioh it has never sinco swerved. Straying by chance into a Wcsloyan chapel he wasat oneo struck with the freedom and lack of formality that prevailed thorein ; becoming converted after tho approved fashion of that scot, and after obtaining tho consent of his mothor to attend tho chapel, young Booth became ono of tho most active workers In tho district. The methods and stylo now so common in ovory town where tlio Sulvatlon Army flag flics, were hero adopted on a small scale, much to tho disgust of the cultured " mombahs" of the church who had strong objections to young Booth sweeping into tho cliaptl tho rug-tug and hob-toil of tho streets. The de sire early seized the young zealot to become a minister, but tho condition of his health seemed to prucludo any such possibilty, aud when a doctor was approached on the matter lio emphatically dcclurcd thnt twelve month's of a Methodist Minister's Hfo would menn ' six feet of sod in tho aero of God." This omiuous view of things by no means dis couraged tho lucorrigiblo William, for, in viow of making himself competent for tho ministry ho saturated his brain with tho writings of John Wesley and others of the same sehool. Referring to tho lovo ho bore for those old worthies, Mr. Booth says, " In theso times I worshipped everything that bore the namo of Methodist. To mo there was ono God, nnd JOHN WESLEY WAS HIS PROrilET." In 1849 business advantages, to whioh tho ombryonio " General" was susceptible, took hhn to Loudon, where his opportunities tn tho wnv of relieiouH nronaantion were also multiplied. Ho soon began to bo of somo re pute as a preacher, albeit his sermons were looked upon as inoking in Socrntical do- monts. About this period Mr. -Booth con tcmplatod coming to Au6tralin. In his anxiety to become a minister ho went to ono of tho Superintendents for advico, but that individual peremptorily informed him that ministers were not wnntod in tlio Connexion. This was tmweleoino news to tho young as pirant, and ho deoided to ship ns Chnplain on a convict vessol that was bound for Australia ; tho thought that ho was tho only son of his mothor, and she a widow, howovor, stayed him, for ho could not bring himself to leavo her. At this timo tho Wesloyan Connaxion body, of whioh ho was a member, was rent in twain by intcrnnl strife, from whioh it was im possible to hold aloof, and in a short timo Mr. Booth was unceremoniously ejected by an over zealous partisan of tho conservative faction. In conscquonco of this ho wns as thoy termed themselves, tho "Reformers." A wealthy member of tho parent body becom ing convinced of tbo genuineness of the " Re form " programme also came over, and at oneo took Mr. Booth under his umbrella and shielded him from tho cares and worries of imneounioslty. Secular pursuits wore now abandoned, and a few months later Mr. Booth took a proffered appointment under the aus pices of tho Reform party, tho wealthy mem ber in question guaranteeing tho modest sum of £50 per year as salary. Tho parent body, that is, tho Wesloyan Connoxion, was, owing to this action, altogether dosed to tho young preacher, and as he early beenma dissatisfied with tho modo of government and loose man agement of thoso with whom ho had cast his lot, it was in vain that) ho looked for a more favorable outlet for hla energies. On overy hand ho scorned to bo hampered and thwarted lu his plans by thoso who ho had fondly hoped would help him ; like Moses " ho sup posed that his brethren understood how God by his hand was giving them deliverance, but they understood him not" (Acts vii, 25). Tho spirit of disruption now seized upon tho " Reformers " thcmsolves. and tho nuvico to dwell together in unity was little heeded ; ono 6eotion was for returnlog to tho main body, whilo tho other was all in favor of forming n separate and independent Church govern ment. In tho midst of this wrangling Mr. Booth cast his eyes about for a more con- gonial field of labor, nnd it seomcd as if tho Congregational Church was to bo tho favored spot, but no ; whilo negotiations were in pro cess as to tbo advisability of entering the college in connection with that body, doctrinal difficulties cropped up, which immediately put nn end to all hopo in that direction. The section o! tho "Reform" nnrtv thnt had struck out for independent government now enme forward with the offer for an appoint ment, which Mr. Bootli accepted, taking oharge of a chapel at Spalding. Tho constitu tion of tho now sooiety notyetbcingformcdlio bad tho coveted opportunity of " playing a lono hand" as it were, using whatever methods ho chose to adopt. This period of Mr. Booth's Hfo appears to havo been nothing but a series of oscillations between the differ ent branches of Methodism, for whilo in Spalding his attention wns drawn to yet another offshoot from tho mnin Wesloyan body— namely, the Methodist New Connexion, and he camo to the conclusion that the dis organised "Reformers" would do well to amalgamate with this branch of the Moiho. | diet Churchi The "Reformers," Kcralneiy a stubborn lot, would havo none of it, and so after some deliberation, Mr. Booth followed his convictions and went over alone. It really seemed at lost as if ho hnd found a resting placo for the soles of his feet. Ilis labors in London were very successful, and the fame thereof went abroad to the pro vinces, he was asked to visit other circuits, nndjipent much of his time in so doing. In 1855 Mr. Booth was married to Catherine Mumford, a strong minded and godly worann, to whose clear sightcdncss, Administrative abilities and forco of charaetor Mr. Booth's subsequent succors was largely duo. For nwliilo thoy filled tho rdlo of itinerant preachers; and many of tho largo otties aud towns of England were moved by their zea lous ministrations. In 1857 tho Annual Cou- forcnco resolved to send Mr. Bootli to a cir cuit, which course was altogether repugnant to him, and it was only after muoh expostula tion that ho couBontcd to toko chargo of a Chapel in Halifax. During tlio fulfilment of this appointment ho was ordained as a Mini ster of tlio Connoxion, and shortly after wards approached tho authorities lu oxpeoto- of the fultUmout of a promise mado that lie should again bo allowed to travel as a revi valist. Tho Confcrcnco mot at Llvorpool in 1801, and both Mr. and Mrs. Booth wore pre sold. When tho question of their appoint- mout camo on for discussion there wns con siderable dlffcrcncQ of opinion shown, somo of tho sneakors being in favor of allowing Mr. Booth to travel oh a revivalist, and others wishing him to be supplied with a circuit ; it wis eventually decided by a small majority that ho could bost sorvo tho denomination by accepting n circuit, but both lio and his wife were so firmly convinced that ovangolising was their spocial work that thoy wore lu no way inclined to submit to such a ruling, and ft fuw months afterwards Mil. ROOTIl'H RKHtftNATtON was handed in. They were now thrown en tirely upon their own resources, nnd forth with commenced to hold revival services up aud down tho country. During thoso pori- patotio waudcririgs, Mr. Booth mado tho no- quaintaoco of . a wealthy Cardiff shipowner, Mr. John Corey, who took n great interest in tlio work, nnd rendered considerable 'mone tary aid. In 1801 tho work was commenced in tlio East End of Loudon, but it was uot until tho following year thnt U was estab lished upon a permanent baste, A great friend of tho movoinent In these early days was found in Samuel Morloy, who oneo ex pressed himself ns being " n sleeping partner in tlio firm." Everyone has Iicnrd about tho oxoltomcnt caused by tho novel mothods of Mr. Booth and his colleagues, thoy were reviled by tho poor, nud ridiculed by tho bettor classes, and yot with dogged tenacity they stuck to their guns. Spcakiog during the stormy birth of tlio inovomont Mr. Booth said, — "Tho day haH gono wheu tho Priest nnd tho Lovito aro content to pass by tho wounded man. They must needs stop now, turn back and punch tho head of auy good Samaritan who dares como to tho reseuc." Thus tho mlssiou forced its way upwards, nnd stretched its tendrils up nnd down Britniu. In 1878 the Democratic system of Government was ohanged by Mr. Booth to tho presout auto cracy. Ho informed his colleagues of his decision, and tho mujority of them wore quite willing to forego any participation in tho man- agement of tho concern ; tho majority, Mr. Booth naively remarked, wore at liberty to resign unless thoy were prcpnrcd to submit to his authority. In this maimer all committees wore abolished, anil tho old order gavo pluco to tho now. At this period tho "workers" or "olliccrs" as they nro now called, numbered 127, and tho branch societies or " corps " about four score. Oneo frco from nil hind rances, nnd under the solo mnuagemcnt of Mr. Bootli, the army reproduced itself ns porhaps uo other sect has over dono before, and tno methods used havo undoubtedly been success ful In reaching a class of people who seemed to bo boyond tfiu palo of auy of tho donomi- nations. Tho success of tho orgnuisntion hns been phenomoual, but hns invariably lain in its rapid oxpansion rather than in the solidification of results. Over 11,000 ofilacra are now in tho Salvation Army, and tho weekly circulation of THE WORLD'S WAR CIIY8 exceeds 000,000. It is nocdloss to say that sueh a Hugo concern with Us multifarious ramifications was soon post tho stngo whon ono man, howovor cnpnblo, could suporintoud tlio whole, and Mr. Bootli, in viow of this fact, has from timo to Umo appolutcd sub ordinates of various grades whom ho makes responsible to each other, nnd finally to him'- self. These subordinates aro obliged ,to qtrictly adhere to his commands, and thus we find a porfoct. uniformity. of action, nud in whatovor nook or cranny tlio Army lias found its way the " corps "te stumped with thu personality of Us founder. " 1 stand," nays Mr. Booth, " in relation to tny pooplo, -as father; tho ohildrcu will resemble their parents. My position and my dutv lmvo been nnd still is, accepted, followed, aud re pented until it reuohes ovary soldier in tho most distant corps." Tho nil but uulvcrsal fcoling that runs through tho olovon thou sand of Its officers, and tlio hundreds nf thousands of soldiers, is, 4 what does tho General beliovo, and what does tlio General wish us to do ? — that will wo accept, and that will wo do if It bo possiblo." It te, aud al ways lias been tho opiniou of Mr. Booth, that in order to seouro united actiou he must h&vo; full and direot control of thoso who constitute his workers, and henco tho personal help of outsiders is seldom sought, unless It bo for tho prestlgo of tho organisation. There nro twclvo groat men in tho world, someone has said, wo do not know tho namo of the othor olovon, but, General Booth can safely bo classed as one. Amid tho torrent of praise whioh almost daily rains around him, ho maintains a beautiful equilibrium, whioh te in itsolf a manifestation of more than ordi nary strength of character. Ho does not ap pear to suffer in any way from tbo adulation that meets him at overy turn, aud tho triatl of adjectives which invariably preccdo liis MR. Room's CREED Is simplicity itsolf. To uso his own words : " Man must beliovo in tho great God— tho great cominou Fathor— and Jesus Christ, His Son, Who died on tbo cross to snvo all mon ; in tlio Holy Ghost, Who opens people's to soo themselves sinners, and shows them how to holiove, helps thom to master their selfishness In general aud fight tlio dovll and sin. Then to theso olcinontary truths I must add three, others, namely, the Day of Judg ment, a Real Place of Punishment, nnd a GlorlouB Heaven where all who are faithful and victorious will enjoy uuspenkulo happi ness in companionship with saints, angels, and God." To Mr. Bootli there aro two olasscs of pooplo in tho world nnd two only, and that is, saints nnd sinners, characters which answer to the two destinies, TIenvon and Hell. ." Every man has the power to acceptor rejcot saved, if he rojeots it he will bo damned for over" is tho concise way In which he deals with the' Calvinistio theory. There te in General Booth's gospel, salvation for every mnn, woman, and child in tho round earth. " Thou shalt love tho Lord thy God with'all thy heart, and thy neighbor ns thyself." " To do this," argues tho" General," 44 is tolivo."— truly a broad and efficient sacrament for overy man. ' Mr. Booth's political opinions nro ehnrno- tortetio of tho mnn. 44 What tho world wants," ho Bays, 44 is government— a Government that governs, nnd not n government ilint merely talks— that is tho want of tho day. A Go vernment that will lead its pcoplo and guido thom, and whioh will not shrink from using tho forces U has at its disposal, acoording to tho discretion of tho best In order to over- .come the sluggishness or stupidity of the worst." This te the kind of Government that, in his opinion, is needful, especially in those colonies. 44 Tho ono danger that con fronts Australian politics," sold Mr. Booth on his return to England after his previous visit, " is tho danger which rosnfts from tho fear in tho minds of the legislators of tho peoplo whom they ought to govern. The constant danger of losing tholr scats is always before their eyes." Whether wo are any nearer to tho General's conception of whnt a paternal government should be than when he last visited us, is doubtful. Ills political Gosnol Is that of work, more work, work for all ; Idleness to him la a sin, U te ono of the funotions of government to see that Its subjects aro all employed and em ployed profitably. The land being the store house of nature should lio mado to produce ovcrythlng In abundanco that is needed by mnn tnr hln entnfnrt find nnnvcnlnneo. 'TTnd Mr. Bootii chosen the political arenn as tlio fiotd for exercise of his talents ho would havo been a statesman of no ordinnry typo for. per haps there is no man to-day with a better knowledgo of human nature, quickor powers of perception, remarkable organising faculties, a freedom from tho fear of consequences and conventionalities, in the world. Among his own pcoplo, that is within tho boundaries of the organisation, Mr. Booth stands alone and it te more thnn doubtful if it will over produce his like again. There is only ono 11 General " nnd tho descont from tho altitude of his ability nnd personality to the level of tho best of his subordinate is very steep. He has able workers under him, but William Booth tewershttuUnd shoulders above alii Ho stands nlouo. It lias been said thut no other man but Napoleon could havo made Franco the "Mistress of Europe" when this century was young; that no other mnn but Abraham Lincoln could havo kept the American Union from being dissolved ; that no other man but Charles Stuart Darnell couhl have made a Home Rule Bill possible. Opinion will differ on all these assertion!), but it will agree on another one, nud that is that no other man but William Booth could have made tho Sal vation Army what U is to-day— whnt wo must admit whether wo approve of its methods or not— tho greatest nnu most perfect orgntiisu- tion that tho world has noun. 