Sermon for Sunday. Gospel Wortlx Dying For. Br Late Rev. C. H. SruRCbiox. To testify the Gospel of tlio graco of God. -Acts xx. 21. Paul was a tvuo here ;. a here of oven a noblor stamp than thoso bravo Greoks whoso storioB still stir tho bload and fire tho soul. Tlioir horotafn to a largo extent depended upon public .note, tho present approval of their fellow- citizons, or upon the animal excitement of tho battlefield ; but Paul's heroism, so far as man was concerned, was solf-oontuinod, deliberate, and as euro to display. Itself in tho solitndo of a dungeon as in the assombly of tho faithful. Ho was parting with bis wooping frionds, and going forward to trialsof unknown intensity, but ho wus ultogotlior unmoved by fear, and advanced on his way without a question. i.et mo rend you his words, and you shrill judgo if they linvo not thiH heroic ring. "And now, behold, I go bound iu tho spirit unto .Jerusalem, not knowing, the things thut shall befall mo there, rinvo that tho Holy' Ghost witneosoth iu every cltv, saying that bonds and uffiictions abide me. But none of -theso things movo me, . neither count I my lifo dear unto mysolf, so that I might finish my courso with joy, and tbe ministry, which I have received of tlio Lord Jesus, to testify the Gospel of tho grace of God." 1\. First, our inquiry this morning is, what was this gospel for which Paul would diof It is not every thing culled "gospel" whioh would produce mich onthusmsm, or desorvo it. For, my brethren, wo have gaspols nowadays vrliicli I would not die for, nor recommend ittiy one of vou to livo for, innsmuoh as thoy aro gospels that will bo snuffed out within a fow yeiu-s. It is novor wortli while to dio for uduotrino which will itself die out. I have livod long enough .to seo half a dozen new. gospels rise, flourish and decay. They told mo long ago that ovungolicul toddling in' riny form was a thing of the past, to bo supplanted by "advanced thought," I imvo hoard of ono improvement upon' tho old fuitli, and then of anuthor ; and tho philoNopliiuul diviuos are still improving tlioir theology. They huvo gonoon advancing, und ud vnnoing till heaven knows what noxt thoy will advance to ; but I am sure I do not. I would not dio for any ono of nil thpmodom systems. Aro tho disciples of Jchus now to bo fed upon tho froth of "thought" and the wind of imagina tion, whordon men becomo heady and high- minded!1 Nay, rather, will wo not return to tlio substantial moat of infallible revelation, and ory to God to feed as upon His inspired Word? " \- What is. this gospel whioh Paul valued before liis own life? It was called by him "tho Gospel of the Grace of God." That which most forcibly struok the apostlo iu the Gospel woo that it was a message of grace, and of graco alone. Amid tlio' mnsio of tho glad tidings ono note rang out above all othors and charmed the apostlo'sear ; that uoto was grnoo — ' tho graco of God. That noto he regarded as charaoteristio of the whole strain ; tn Gospel was " tho Gospel of the graco of God:" In these days that word. "graco" is not often beard ; wo boar of moral duties aud sclcntifio adjustments, and human progress; but who tellB us of the " grnoo of God " except a fow old- fashioned pcoplo who will soon bo gono? As one of .thoso antiquated folk I am horo this morning, and I shall try to sound out that word " graco " so that those who know its joyful sound shall bo glad, and tboso who despise it shall be- out to tho heart. Grace is tne essonco of tho Gospel. Graco is tho ono hopo of this fnllon world! Grace is tho solo comfort of saints Idoking forward for glory! Perhaps Paul had a clearer view of graco than oven Peter, or Jumcs, or John ; and henoo ho hus so much larger space iu tlio Now Testa ment. Tho other npostolio writers excelled Paul in certain respcots ; but Panl, as to his depth and olonrncss in tho dootrino of graco, steed first and foremost. Tho Gospel is an nnnouncomont Hint God is prepared to deal with guilty men on tho ground of freo favour and pure meroy. Thore would be no good nows in saying that God is jUBt ; for, in tho first plaeo, that is not nows, — wo know that God is just ; tlio' natural eonsoionoo teaohos man that. That God. will punish sin and reward righteousness is not news at all ; and if it were news, yot it would not bb good nows, for wo havo ull sinned, and upon tho ground of justice wo must perish. But it'is nows, and news' of the best kind, that tho Jndgo of all is prepared to pardon transgres sion, and to justify tho ungodly. It is good nows to the sinful that tho Lord will blot out sin, covor tho sinner with righteousness, an i recoivo him into His favour, nnd that not on noconnt of anything ho has dono, or will ovor do, but out of sovereign graco. Though wo aro nil guilty without exception, and ail moat justl condemned for onr sins, yot God is ready to tako us from under the aurso of His law, and givo us all tho blossodness of righteous men, us an not of puroinoroy. This is a mossaga worth dying for, that through tho covenant of gruoo God can bo just, and yot tho Justifior of him that bolievoth in Jesus; that Ho can bo tho rightoouB Judgo of mon, and yet believing mon oan b > justified frooly by His graco through tho'rodetnption that is in Christ Jesus. That God is moroiful and graoious, and is ready to bless tho most unworthy, is a wonderful piece of nows, worth a man's spending a hundred lives to tell. Biit jho Gospel tolls us rouoh more than this, namely, hat in order to His doaling with mon upon the ground of freo favour, God tho Fathor has Himself rcmoved tho grand obstuclo whioh stood in tho way of meroy. God is jtlst; that is a truth most sura . inun's bonsolonco knows it to bb so, and man's oonsoionoo will novor rest, content unless it oau seo that tho justioo of God is vindicated. Therefore, in ordor that God might justly doal in a way of pure meroy with men, Ho gnvo HIb only bogotton Son, that by His ilbaththo law might rocoivolts duo, 'and tho oteiiml principles of His govern ment might bo maintained. Jesus'' was ap pointed to stand in man's- stead; to bcur mini's sin, - uni. onduro tho chastisement of man s guilt. You admire Abraham's giving up his son to God ; much more admire. Jehovah's a giving up His Son' for sinners. "Herein is love, not that wo loved' God, hut thut He loved us, und sont His'Son- to bo tho propitiation for our -ins." This, then, is tho Ubspol of tho grnoo of God— that God isablo, without injustioo, to doal with mon in a wuy of pure mercy, altogether apart from thoir obis or tlioir merits, becuuso their rins wore laid upon Ids dear Son Jesus Christ, who liatli offered to Divino justice a camploto satisfac tion, so that God ia glorious in liolinoss and yet rinh In morcy. An, boloved Paul, thoro is something worth preaching licro. : Tlio Gospel speaks on this wise : Sinner, jast as you are, return unto tho Lord, and Ho will rocoivo' you graciously, and love you frcoly. God hutU said, "I will bo merciful , to thoir unrighteousness, aud their sins and their iniquities will I ronioniber no mow.". . For \- Christ's sake, and not heckuw of uiiy ugouio or toars, or sorrows on your part. Ho will rbmovo your sins as far from you us tho cast is from tho west. Ho saith, " Come, now, and / lot us reason. togothOr ; though your sins bo as soarlct they shall bo as white as snow ; though / tboy bo red liko i-rimiion, thoy- shall bo as wool." You may como to Josus just as you are, nnd Ho will givo you full remission upou your bolioving in Him. You aro invited, not becauso you rirq good, bnt because you are evil ; hot becauso yon a;;o hopoful, but becauso you are hopeless. Tlio Gospel messago is of graco; because it is directed to thoso whoso only cluim is their noed. 'Tho wholohaveno need of a physician, bnt they that are siok. Christ camo not to-eall tho righteous but sinners to ropontanco. Como, thoroforo, yo morally siok ; yo whoso brows aro , white with tho leprosy of sin, como and wolcomo, 'for to you is this freo Gospel proclaimed. > Furthor, brethren : that ibis Gospol blessing might como' within tbo rouoh of mon, God's graco Jias adopted -a mothod suitable to thoir condition, "how can I bo forgivon?" 'saith one, " toll mo truly and quickly ! " " Boliovo in tho Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt bo saved." God asks of you no good works, nor good feelings cither, but that yon bo willing to uocopt what He most freely gives. Ho saves upon bolioving. This is faith ; that thou boliovo that Jesus Christ is the Son of God, and that thou trust thyself with Him ; " But us muny us received Him, to them guvo Hu power to become tho sons of God, ovon to thorn tlmt boliovo on His name." Tho Gospel of tlio graco of God I . know touches tho henrl of ninny of you. -Tt often stirs ray sonl liko tho sound of martial musio, to think of my Lord's graco from old eternity, a grnoo thut is constant to its choico, nnd will bo constant to it whon nil thoso visiblo things shnll disappear as sparks that fly from a chim ney. My heart is glad within mo to liavo to preach freo grace and dying lovo ; I cau unaorstand why crowds mot nt dead of night tu hour of tho graco o God. I can understand the Covenantors on tho bleak hills listening. Willi sparkling eyes, ns Cameron preached of the graco of tho great King ! There is some thing in a freo grace Gospol worth preaohing, worth listening to, worth living for, and worth dying for ! 2\. This brings mo to tho socond head : You and I uro not called to dio for this Gospel of graco just yot ; lot us soo to-day that wo livo for it. How can wo livo for thiB Gospol of tlio graco of God ? I answer, first, if anybody lioro is to livo for this Gospol,. ho must havo rooeivod it from God, ana ho must havo received a call to minis :or or servo for it. Ho must foel hlmsolf undor bonds to hold and kcop this Gospel ; not su muoli becauso ho has chosen it, but becauso it has ohoson hini. A quaint old minister was onco told that ho could not preaeh-in a certain pulpit if ho hold the doctrines of grace. ." WolV'said he, M I think. I might banllowod to proooh there, for" I con truly- say that I do not hold tho dootrineB of graco ; the doctrines of graco bold mo." That might bo rather a quibble, but there is a grand truth in it. When a man- picks and soloots his creed tho probabilities are that liy-and-by he will pick again, and will selcot another next time. Thoro is about -the lovo whiob constitutes our domostio bliss a somothing of necessity , our beloved ono wus ohosen by us, but yot wo could not help it; wo were harried away and overborne , and so our marriage camo to pass. It was not ultogethor choice, thoro was u myutio powor that onolmincd our.hoarts j and I am sure it is so' with tho dootrinns of graco if wo boliovo tliera : wo chose thom with u willing soul, but yot we wero under restraint, anil could do no otbor. . To mo there is but ouo form -of dootrino;' I know no other. I um to-day what I wa« when, »s_ «. youth. I prenohed to crowds in this ball. .1 havo pro gressed in my theology not so mnoh as tho titbo of an inob. But tho noxt thing Panl did was to muko it known. Wlierovor ho wont ho published tho Gospol. This is what wo must do. " Oh," says ono, " I oannot mako it known," " Why not?" "I oould not toll out tho Gospol." "Why not? " " Why, I am a porson of mean apponranco, and. I do not 'supposo people would pay mo auy. respeot." Just what thoy said ubout Paul— "His personal presence is weak." "Oh, but 'I am no spoaker." 'Jast so ; that is also what thoy suid of Paul— "His spoeoh is contemptible. "Ob, but' if I wore to saynuything, I could not adorn it 'with a figure of spoooh or illus trate it with a rimilo ; I could not orou quota a bit of pootry, to mako it fino." Paul also used homespun. Ho says: "Wo use great plainness of speech." Many of thoother teachers wore great orators, but Paul ulways fought shy- of oratory ; he stood up and allowed the truth to How out of his mouth frooly, iu its own way., . and I do beliovo at tho nrosont momont wo want a raoo of preaohors who will not bo fino or soholarly, or. rhetorical, or sonsational ; men of whom you will say when you havo hoard thom—" i oannot mako ont why people flock to hear suoh a ministry. All that thoy can go for is to hoar what too man says ; for ho doos not say it gTandly ; ho ap pears only conoornod to gotfats messago out of his own heart, and got it into tho pcoplo's hearts." That is just what Paul' did. My friend, if tho Gospol has dono nothing for jrou, hold your tonguo or speak ngainst it; but if tbo GoBpcl has dono for you what it has dono for somo of us — if it hus obanged tlio 'current, of your life, if it hits lifted you up from the dunghill and mndo.you to sit as on a throno, if it is to-day your meat and your drink, if to your lifo it is tlio voiy centre and Hun— thon boar constant witness to it. If tho GoHpel has become to you what it is to.mo, tho light' of my innormost heart, the core of my being, then toll it, tell it wheroyor you go; und make mon know that oven if they reboot it, it is to you the powor of God unto salvation, ana . will do tho samo to overy nun that boliovoth in tho Lord Josus Christ. 