The Ser. H. R. Haweis. [?] CHRIST AND THE CATACOMBS. Christ aud the Catacombs " was the subject of the Rev, H. R. Haweis's I ecture it the Athenaeum Hall on Li inst. The lecturer dealt with the subject of the early Christians in a most .masterly manner, illustrating his discourse with: views wbieh were full of interest to students of Christian . histor 7. Many points were dealt with in a way that came as a revelation to. those present, lecturer's practical common sepse way of handbag -certain fixed delusions finding ready recognition at the lianas of the; audience. There will .be no lecture this evening, but to-morrow evening Mr Haweis will lecture on Music and Noise, a sequel to Music and Morals. MUSIC AND NOISE. There was another large attendance at the Athenseu Ha 1 on 3rd inst., when the Rev H. R. Haweis gave his lecture Music and Noise, which is undoubtedly one of his best and most amusing dis courses. The lecturer, as usual, gave practical illustrations of his points, and had no difficulty in con vincing his audience of the supe riority of music as an art over painting, sculpture, etc. The "voices of nature," which people of a poetic fancy rave about as encountered in the woods, and the music of the babbling brook, -to which so many versifiers have tried to do justice, are, according to this observant little gentleman, mere noises; music at its best being merely a harmonious arrangement of noises. MODERN GHOSTS. I here was a large attendance at the Athenaaum on Saturday evening, when the Rev. H. R. Haweis de livered . his lecture on Medern Ghosts, which was listened to with the keenest attention, among these present being many metropolitan mediums, who appeared to find the greatest consolation from the emphatic views of the lecturer. Mr Haweis states that in the matter of occult science, he has an open mind. Also that he is the intimate of many leading mediums in London and on the Continent. The first part of his discourse was intended to show that it was quite'possible for such things as) ghosts to exist, though ha frankly ad mitted lie himself had never seen a ghost. On one occasion when aspiritualistic friend of his was . about to leave this earth he asked him to come back from the other world if he found it nossible to do so, but he clearly had not found it possible, for in spite of his promise ha had not as yet put in an appearance. The second part of the lecture was taken up almost entirely with ghost stories, for the respectability and social stand ing of tha narrators of which Mr Haweis took upon himself the respon sibility to vouch. 'He concluded with a panorama of ghosts or ghostly ap pearances. presented through the medium of magic -lantern slides, a feature of the lecture which seemed to have a particular interest. The following constables have been promoted to the rank of senior-constables: 2090 Daly, 2377 Curran, 2544 Walsh," 2667 Armfield, 2692 Turnbull, 2733 Trainor, 2784 Falkiner, 2788 Farnan, 2807 Kissane, 2810 Cox, 2823 Bennett, 2837 Ferguson. The Chief Commissioner of Police intimates that these promotions are only made as being absolutely neces sary to the proper working ot the Force, and must not be taken as a precedent for other promotions. ' Received from Sydney is the eighth number of " Cosmos,'' an illustrated Aus tralian monthly magazine, edited by one of the best known journalists in Victoria, Charles Bright. It is needless to say that the con tributionsareas well written as they are well selected, and the illustrations are decidedly meritorious. The editor himself supplies a humorous sketch of Marcus Clarke, with an excellent por trait ; and Mr Charles Bright writes pleasantly of the charming actress Essie Jenyns, now Mrs J. R. Wood. Other subjects, from musical notes te a head ache, are ably treated, and among the articles is an interesting reminiscence of Charles Bradlaugh, by Ernest Besant Scott, of the Herald staff. One of the natural and immediate effects of the rise in the price of wheat is that flour beeomes more valuable. week .there was an advance in flour all round ot ten shillings a ton. 