The Hired Hand. BY FRANCIS PARKER IN THE '. SPORTING AND DRAMATIC NEWS." I HAD accepted au invitation from Dick Eaton to poss Christmas at his place ia Lincolnshire, and had already spent some days with him, when, on tue evening of the twenty-fourth, he, I and a couple of gamekeepers found ourselves, just as the sun was setting, twelve long miles from home. Snipe and wildfowl had been plentiful, aud we hail forgotten altogether about the time. Un our right the broad .waters of a tidal river glimmered red where not obscured by the rising mists which were already creeping across the flat green meadows, whilst before ns the ground rose into a long low mound that ran out like a cape into the white marsh fog, eastward. " Tell you what Frank," exclaimed my chum, " It will be no joke finding our way back through a long line of gates, and it's all twelve miles by tho road, liandock shall go back and fetch the dogcart, whilst we take n snack at tho Woolpack, an old way- side inn just over the hill yonder." This motion was carried. Randoek transferred his birds to Joe, the second keeper, and started for home, whilst we, crossing tho hills found ourselvesona broad flat road bordered by ditches, and about a third of a mile from a low building surrounded by , outhouses, which Dick pointed out as the Woolpack. " Have not boen hero for moro than a year," ho remarked ; " But I noticed in the paper some weeks ago that Sängat-tho man who keeps the inn -lost his wife. She was supposed to have fallen either into tho river or one of tho dykes. Lots lost that way about here.'1 . ' Wo woro agreeably surprised to see tho windows of tho mn light up, and when we entered to lind a table drawn up near the kitchen hearth at 'which was seated a thin, spectacled gbntleman, in a black-somewhat greasy-frock coat, and old grey trousers. For some reason or other I put Iiiin down as a Frenchman, while Dick was of opinion that he was a solicitor's clerk. Wo settled it by asking the host, a short, squaro shouldered man, who had not given himself tho trouble to shave for tho > last fortnight or throe weeks. " He's a furraner, growled tho land- lord; "says there was an old Roman town hore once.andgocs tra.mpessing all about looking for it. He's- boen hero this two nays, and yesterday hired a chunco hand to dig for him. Shall bo glad when uri's shut on him." We soon had some of tho birds roasting and asked our black-coated friend to join us. Ho exprossod himsolf delighted, and jabbered away in broken English, asking questions about tho neighbourhood, and where we lived, in turn giving us his opinion upon Roman antiquities, till dinner was over and we lit our pipes. ^^'All this timo tho "hired hand," as tho host called him, had been sitting in tho chimney corner, hardly visible for tho shadow. The old foreign gentleman had started tho subject of ghosts, and Dick and I were laughing at him, when this follow roso from his corner and said, sneaking in a doop, mollow voice ; " Guess you are both right and both wrong. I've seen what you misters would call a ghost, and yeta doctor chap at Honolulu explained how it was only exhalations that rose from bodies hastily buried. I seed him do it himself with a big flower. The spectrum ho called it. Yes, it wore spectrum, I remember now." " Well, toll us about it," said Dick. But have a drink first, and you, land- lord, mix yourself a drop." "I wns mate on one of tho island schooners," began the " hired hand," and wo sailed from'Frisco-it was on a Friday, I mind well. Wo had dirty weather from the first, and, a storm springing up, were blown far to tho Horth of our course. Then itfell calm, and the schooner drifted about with her head all round the compass. Tho old man was getting mighty anxious, for food was begining to run short. Wo were four hundred miles or moro to tho north of Honolulu, and ho and I wore just talking about taking to tho boat, which was a whaler, and a good ono at that, when a puff of wind came from tho north, just enough to fill our sails and give us way through tho water. This cheered us up, but it died away during the night, till we were not making over two knots. Whon tho sun rose, however, which ho does in a mighty hurry in those parts, ono of tho deck hands sung out ' Ship-ee !' and pointed. Sure enough there was a brig becalmed about a milo and ii half: to windward. " By tho time I had called the cap- tain wo wero bocalmod too, so, as wo wore hound to have provisions, it was determined that I should go in tho boat with two of tho hands and see what I could do. When wo had got halfway I took a look atthc brig, and saw that her spars wore trimmed anyhow, and that her running rigging was hanging in bights. "Hullo, Tom," 1 said to tho man pulling ' stroke - ho was the only white man on board besides the old man and myself - ' There is something wrong on board that brig.' 'Thirst, I calculate, said Tom, squinting over his shoulder. ^Voll, on this Tom and the Kanaka put their backs into it, and wo wero soon close to hor, when crack ! goos a revolver, and then crack 1 crack ! and a voice cried something 1 could not catch. ' Mutiny,' thinks I as Tom and I scramblo up tho side, for there were half-a-dozon ropes trailing over, and 1 could hear a man grasping and cursing like mad, just as if some ono had got him by tho throat. At first I. thought thoro was no ono on deck, but looking whore tho voice carno, from I saw a whito man with his back agin tho mainmast. " Look 1 look,"^ ho_ gasped, ns Tom and T reached Iiis siae. "There she is, curso her. Thoro she is. Drive her away, can't you?" and then came a volley ot oaths. .He was pointing with his^ left hand, the revolver being in his right. At first I could make out nothing. In half a minute^ perhaps, however, I made out a kind of dim mist, just as if a bit of sea mist bad drifted there and struck. " ' There, d-n you,' cried the mad- man, for mad from terror he was, firing at the very spot I had been looking at. ' It was to save my own life. Why did you spill the water ? I swore I would shoot you if you did not hand it over. There, the bullet goes through her as if she were a cloud. Cursed spirit, leave me !' aud he threw himself raving on the deck. " I had kept my eye upon the film of mist, and now it seemed to take shape, floating in the air about a foot above tho deck. It may have been a minute I stood there horror-struck: it might have been five. Suddenly I felt Tom's hand upon my shoulder. ' He's gone,' he said ; ' dead as a herring J' " I glanced at the skipper of the brig, for such I guessed him to be. rle was lying flat on his back, evi- dently stone dead, but there was such a look of horror on his face that I turned away at once. ' Stand here a minute, Tom,' I said, ' I'm going below.' " Food I knew we must have. I found some biscuits and tinned meat, but there was not a drop of water on board. Something, I can't explain what feeling, drew me into the cabin, which lay abaft the mainmast. % Go I felt I must, and I went, calling to Tom to put. the food into the boat. "Two dead Kanakas lay just out- side the door, ono on his face, the other had a bullet-hole in his fore- head. A tarpaulin had been dragged over the bodies, so I could only see their heads. I opened the door with- out an effort. On a small sofa lay a womnn. She was dead like the rest, mid dreadfully shrunk. Blood liad flowed from a wound in tho temple. On the floor by her side lay a broken tumbler. It must have been the one which held tho last drop of water. In less than a minute from opening tho cabin door I was on deck again. There floated the Hlmy mist exactly above tho spot where the murdered woman lay dead in the cabin. I think I can see it now ! Why-why it is thoro ! just by Saugat's feet Lord, what is this ? A dead body buried in tho cellar below !" Eaton and I had sprung to our feet, but tho landlord was on his knees babbling incoherently. He had thrown himself back to tho end of tho room, and was nointinc with his linger. Tho " hired hand" strode to his side and grasped his shoulder. "Who lies buried in the cellar beneath?" cried the ex-mate of the schooner. " Speak, or I will force you into hor wraith !" " My wife 1 Heaven forgive mo !" and the frightened wretch sank insensible on to the iloor. " That'll do, Jim," said the foreigner in tho black coat. " It's worked out splendid, and I must say you did your part first-class. Mr. Eaton and you, sir, turning to me. will bear witness to his words if they are necessary, to identify the poor dead woman as the wretch's wife. I am from Scotland Yard, and wo must have Jim Balby there too, for it was Iiis plan. Wo had searched every- where except the cellar, and that thc landlord kept such au eye on us that we never got a chance to turn up tho bricks. Let's seo about it at once, Jim ; but first I will handcuff my gentleman." " What about the story ?" I asked, turning to the local constable, "ls it true?" " Yes sir, every word of it. The only credit to mo is thinking that it might toll on Sangat's nerves and evil conscience, and make him own up." And it did. Ten minutes later Dick's dog-cart drove up. As we jumped1 in, Jim appeared coming out of the cellar. " It's all right, sir," he said, " Sangat's booked !" That was tho last I over saw of tho " hired hand." . 