HIVE'S APPARITIONS I i True Anglo- Australian I Story. ^H CBy Lancelot Booth.') ^^H 'There are more things in heaven and ^^fl earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of in your ^^m philosophy.'— Hamlet. ^H ^6sa9 WAS seated in Fred Gascoigne's snug little study in far-away Eng land. There were Fred, myself, and two other mutual friends, Harry Colling and Regi nald Pawson. It was duek, and the lamps had just 'been lieh'ted, the I shutters closed, and we four were I settled down to a comfortable I Emoke, with a moderate adjunct ? (for Fred was very temperate, ? anaenjomea muutiiauuu uu. «'.»= £,-»*.* I of his friends) in the shape of whisky I and water, heedless of the rain that ? dashed in gusts on the window I panes. I Fred Gascoigne was a young doctor I who was just beginning to inake for I himself what became afterwards a I comfortable practice. Colling and I Pawson were medical students then, ? and I — well, I wasn't anything in I particular then, though my inclina I tions tended toward that fascinating ? I will-o'-the-wisp literature. I The conversation had drifted from' I spiritualism into mesmerism, animal I galvanism, claixvoyanoy, ghosts and I apparitions, and very interesting to I me was. that intellectual discussion. I Each of us had something to say, I either in favor of spirits appearing or I otherwise, while many theories were I started to account for authenticated ? so-called, apparitions. At length Fred I said, ' Well, boys, we may scoff or I not as we choose at such things as I ghostly apparitions, but I'll tell you I what took place in our family, and I not so many years ago, and what is I more I can produce some dumb wit ? nesses. I have never cared to Telate I the story before, but I can give you I my word that it is true,' and he I brought his hand down gently, but I impressively upon the table,- and the I writer who now records it implicitly I believes in the truth of it, and so will I the reader. I Well,' we all expressed our eager I ness to hear 'Fred's story, and without I more ado he began, and I w^ll tell it I ia his own words, for I took care to I make notes of it. I fred's stoby. I I don't suppose you boys re I member my brother Tom — no I of course you cannot — I can I barely remember him myself. I Well, that's his likeness, a ? pencil sketch, and it is the only one B liiave — photography was not much m known then, but you can see he was ? a £ne, tall, handsome man ; that's I another brother alongside of 'him, I George, drawn by the' 'same artist. I As boy and girl Tom and Mabel Brun I ton (the daughter of a small farmer I near our house) had been sweethearts. I My brother .had chosen my father's I profession (the medical), underwent a I course at college and so forth, andre I torned home a fine promising young I man, to find Mabel developed into a I handsome girl of 18. The love of I the boy and girl became the more I passionate one of the man and woman I — and the two became most ardent I lovers. Indeed, I am told that she I was in every way worthy of I an honest man's love being I virtuous, industrious, and moreover I gifted with so much personal beauty I that she turned the head of every I young man in the eountry about, I gentle or bumpkin. My father and I mother, especially the former, dis I countenanced the intimacy — Mabel I was not of our class. Ah! That class I distinction I I At times angry words passed be I tween Tom and my father. I, My mother pleaded with Mabel to I give hi'? up, and the poor girl, while I tearfully consenting, only felt how. I impossible it would be to do so. I Tom had tacked M.RC.S. to his I name, and affairs were pretty much I the same between bJm and Mabel I when news came to England of the I gold discoveries in Australia. ; Young I men were fired with the intelligence, I and ships were 'being rapidly filled I with Sqpassengere- bound for the An I tipodeeh-^a voyage of- no .mean under taking in those days. Tom was also I fired by these accounts. He would I go out to this new El Dorado, make a I fortune, and return to wed Mabel, the I girl of his heart So he told her. I Sty father encouraged him, thinking I it the best way of curing him of his intentions towards MabeL My mother reluctantly consented. At last, with many tears and much misgiving on the part of mater and Mabel, Tom took Ms departure. I was quite a little fellow at the lime. We never saw hith. again. ; He went out as doctor on board of one of Marshall's ships, and twelve months afterwards we got a long, hopeful letter from. Mm, saying that he was just off to the diggings 5 how thecrews were deserting their vessels, and everybody who pould possibly get Away was making for the gold country. ? Melbourne, .-. then only a tush tow%, was ? almost deserted. Then, after long intervals, came other - letters ' telling -of fortunes made, and of his owndluctuatfiig success. Mabel too, ypa may be sure, got her letters, poor gixL : I must hasten on. To be brief then, Mabel two years later, in 1856, caught a severe cold through playing croquet one damp evening. My father pronounced ker cawe almost hopeless from the first ; the chill laid an iron grip on her lu^^'-aatdf^n^spits of 'the ten fa^ ^o$^':i$^jtf a ^galiop tog consumption, after a few weeks' illness, oV April 28, 1855. Six months after this sad event we got another letter from Tom, written dose upon thin foreign paper as usual. He used to write for some time prior to -the dispatch of a mail; adding to it each day, so that we received quite a journal. Here is the letter I refer to ; it is the last letter ire ever got from him. It is too long to read it in its entirety, so I Will only give you the part which -applies to my story. After recounting 'his failures and successes he says he has, with' his mate, shifted further away, pros pecting, and was getting payable gold — his mate had gone to the township for ' tucker.' The letter is dated ' Fiery Creek, Ballarat, Victoria,' and the following paragraph bears date ' April 28, 1855 :' ' How can. my pen write down what I saw this night ! 0, my dear' parents, I. fear there is something sadly amiss at home. I must be calm, if it is possible for me to be so, with ,my blood at fever heat. At 8 o'clock I was sitting in my tent alone smoking, listening to the bush sounds and thinking of the loved ones far away. The moon was high and full in the heavens and shed its light through the opening of the tent. I took up my pen to add something -'to my home letter, when I heard a gentle sigh — 0! such a. sad sigh. I looked up wheii, God help me, I saw standing in the .opening, flooded' with the moonlight, Mabel Brunton ! ' She .was, 0 ! so pale, and she extended her arms towards me as though for an embrace. I sprang 'towards her, cry ing * Mabel, my own,' to throw my arms about her, when I grasped the empty air. She had vanished and even as she did so I fancied I heard the sigh again. I rushed outside, calling her by name, and searched around, but there was no trace of a living soul, no sound save the occasional cry of a night owl, the fox like yelp of a dingo. 'What can it mean ? I was not_ asleep, it was no dream, for I have £ut out the turf whereon she stood, and -will ten derly care for it, and will water it with my tears.' Now the date April 28, 1855, is the date of Mabel's death, and making allowance for the difference ia time, the hour corresponds also with that in which her spirit passed away. You can examine the letter, and must acknowledge that there cannot be any collusion. But the strangest part of my story is yet to come. On the- anniversary of Mabel's death, Le., April 28, 1856, my mother was lying awake in bed alone, my father was out on his rounds. There was a dim night light burning in the xoom. The' door of my father's dressing-room was closed, so also was the bedroom door leading out to the staircase landing. My mother said afterwards that she was thinking of Tom, when she was horri fied to see the dressing-room door open, and there stood her son, my brother. He was dressed after the manner of an Australian digger, look ing sad and pale. He gazed mourn fully at my mother with an intensity of love, walked slowly across to the bedroom door, looked once more at my mother, and passed out. For a moment my mother could not move for horror, then she gave utterance to scream upon scream. The household was roused. A search was made high and low, 'but no trace was found. The hour was noted, and it was the very same in which Mabel Brunton died. This visitation had a seriouB effect upon my mother, and my father's skill was taxed anxiously on her behalf. Even he could not scout such a matter in the face of Tom's letter, received but a few months before. Six months after this we received a letter in a strange hand, from Tom's mate, who, by the way, was a lawyer. Here also is his lettter. After pre paring the way for the sad news his letter contains he* announces my brother's death. 'I had 'been,' he writes, 'on one of my customary visits to the township to bank gold and obtain stores. I was ab sent about four days, and on my return on the 1st May I was shocked ,to discover your son, my dear friend, dead. He had evidently been dead about three days. He 'was lying on his 'possum rug with a smile upon his lips and a tuft of grass, which he tenderly cared for in a pretty square box he had made, firmly clasped near his heart. He had never been the same man for over a year, and told me of an apparition that had visited him on April 28, 1855, and as the anniversary of that date approached he became melan choly. My impression is that he died on that anniversary through excite ment preying on a week heart. We buried him in the silent bush, and fenced the grave securely.' The writer then goes -on. to say that they had made a really fair fortune ; that he wished to revisit England for a lime ; and that he would bring home Tom's share,. with all his belongings. He was as good as his word. He brought a drawing of Tom's grave, with all Ms belongings (which you observe' form - a miniature museum), his letters, 'a cockatoo, still living with one of my sisters, and, in addition to the turf which my brother so prised, a corresponding piece cut from his grave. Each piece of grass you see lias the Australian soil attached. We found' it difficult . to keep them growing, so I preserved them as you see. My brother's share ia the claim and its products realised something like £5000, which, bs he had made no will, of course, came to my father. ?''-:?_???. Now, can you say, in the face of this evidence, that the spirit of Mabel Brunton did- not appear to any. brother, or that his ppirit in tuin did not paee i:Jbfe£ ore ^ny mother £ v * '?? : *. ?-? ???.? - ?: ?.?*? Fred's story was don-i» Ws were. ? *? ? ? ? ? ? . silent, and -gazed curiously at the grass', read the letters, and were con vinced. I have heard the story since from others, but this is the first time I publish it to the world. The law yer (the' mate referred fe) returned to Australia and died only a few years ago, full of years and honors. With -the exception of. the names, the story is perfectly, true. .? 