A. Case ot Conscience. I There were, perhaps, a aoore of people Id tbe drawing-room ot Westbolme Towers. Tbe assemblage ioolnded, amoBg others, young BadBon, of the Guards, for whom I bad ooDceived a vast partiality ; Wal lace Lewio, known to me y^ars ago, when he was consul at Jaffa ; Mr. Uaanao, tbe owoer of tbe demeBae adjoining my I couatu Tom's; aad Mr. Cannon's winsome I daogbter, Dorothy. j MIbs Cannan sat at the piano, while Tom, under pretext of turning over ber I music, stood close beBldeher, all pleasantry 1 and courtesy. Tom— tall and well-built— showed at bis best tbat evening— I noted it witb gair Id I my heart; and bis jovial face was abeam with smiles. His diligent attendance on Dorothy CanDan bad been decidedly more pro nounced of late, leodlog colour to the rumour then ourreDt, to the effect tbat he and she were to make a match of it. Frnrn my eeat In tbe embrasure of the window, witb bitterness and envy rank ling In my breast, I watched them. Strive as I might — and I detested myself for harbouring the '.abject fancy — I oould not belp thinking of tbe consequences my expectations. ' His life only is between me and eight thousand a year,' I soliloquised fret fully. 'If he marries— faugh I there's an eud m my ptospeots. Not only that, bis marriage will rob me of her whom I love bb my life— more than my honour. Iiose D -rothy .' I cannot bear to think of it.' My nerves were straioed to their ut most tenelou tbat night. I felt un wooiedly Irritable and revengeful as I pictured the misery which tbe near future bad iu store for me. And while I brooded thus darkly, T seemed to bear a voice— tbe Evil One's surely — ever and auoa whisper eaooarag inely into my e»r. 'Only bis life— *nly bis lif» !' Thankful euouttn was I when Lieuten ant Hudson and Mr. Lewio, crossing the floor, broke in upon my churlish reverie. ' What mnnlnn „lnn„9' lieutenant cheerily. 'Tom will never do! Cheer up, old chap. You seem out of sorts to day.' ' Yea,' said I, wiping my brow. ' My bead fe^ls bad — it's the hot room, I think.' ' Well, come out with us into the library,' young Radeon went on. 'Stay, though ! Lewin bas just told me tbat you possess a museum of your own — tbat is a collection of bric-il-brac, silver ornaments aud gew-gaws tbat you brought with you from tbe East. What do you say to displaying them to us both ? I should greatly relish seeing tbem.' UpBtairs we went to my dresslng-ronm —which adjoined my bedroom — where stood tbe oblong marqQeterle table on which the artioles were ranged. Tbey onnsisted of various silver knick-knacks of Indian filagree-work wblcb I bad picked up in Bombay a year before, witb otber bizarre samples of Oriental work manship which bad chanced to take my fancy. 'Very interesting,' said young Rad eon, etifllug a yawn, in tbe midst of my panegyrics. 'Shall we go downstairs again! I bear Tom einging.' ' Half a moment,' I interposed. ' Yon haven't examined this yet.' So saying, I picked up wbat I vainly imagined to be tbe gem of my odd ool leutlou — an elaborately carved ivury sheath, in wbicb reposed a no lesaartlstlo Malay kriss. Tbe steel of the razoc-'dged weapon was fantastically inlaid *itti silver, and it possessed some sort of historic value In having once been owned by tbe notorious rtacolt Lai Mangas. Tbe sheath I.banded to tbe Lieutenant, while Lewin stretched out his nand for the keen, ourved blade. 'Very pretty, indeed,' commented Radeon. Worth something, that, I euppose ?' Meanwhile, Lewio ran his flngnr along the edge of the kriss, a subtle smile upon hie face. Th*ri_ ha- If RPlxAri with n anrirlon though', he struck a tracio attitude, lifting tbe knire blgb above bis bead. ' Ha, ha !' be cried, aping tbe orthodox transpontine villain. 'It's bis life or mine! Shall I strike? Ha, ba !' FUdsoo laughed bugefy at tbe ex-con- hui'b ludicrous posture, a laugh In wblcb LbwId himself presently joined, Tbeu tbe kriss was once more placed snugly in its sbeath, and we returned to the drawing-room. By this time my cousin bad dragged hlmBelffrom Dorothy's side, being now seatep in close converse with ber father. Thenceforward, to my miud, try as I might lo win her attention, she ap peared woefully reticent. Several times I oaugbt her eyes roam ing In Tom's dlreotion, aod the soul of me waxed wroth at tbe inference I could not avoid drawing. And at one time I thought sbe oared for me — thought she knew I cared for ber. At tbat moment tbe voioe smote my ears again with its Insinuating borne thrust — ' Only bis life— only his life !' | Wben tbe hour arrived for Mr. Cannan and his daughter to start for borne, I escorted Doiotby to the oarrlage, Tom following at some little distance beblnd with ber father. Tbe pressure of ber soft palm still lingered lb op band wben I went up to my room for the mgbt. Once again, like muttered thunder in my ears, there rose tbe reiterated pbrgBe — ' Oaly bis life — bis life !' II. After a wild tossing about on my bed, harassed and feverish, at length I dozed off Was it a dream I dreamed tben— a hor rible, torturing nightmare? With all tbe strength tbat Is In me, helpless against its mandates, to deeds full of darknesB, in gratitude, and treachery. In obedience to Its beheBta, I dreamed tbat I rose from my bed, stole furtively into my dreBBlng-room, and tbere took the ugly kriss from its scibburd ; I distinctly recollect tbat I chuckled Boftly— oh, lb' horror of it !— ae I saw tbe glint of ine steel in the moonlight. TbeD, I knew not bow, I found myself glldiug cautiously Into my cousin's room, across tbe tblck carpet to tbe side of bis bed. A swift, strong blow, deep into bis heart, and it was done ! A cry — hoarse and appalling — broke tbe stillness of tbe night, and this it was, I suppose, tbat wakened me. I eat up in bed shuddering. Merciful Powers ! it waB no dream I Tbe long drawn wall of mortal agony still rang upon the air. It aame from tbe adioinine room— tbat of my cousin, Tom. A cold sweat pouring out all over me, I blindly orept into nay dreBSlng-room and struck a light Yes, it was no dream. Tbe deadly kriss, lying -bare and blood stained on tbe little table, covlcled me. Ae I snatched it op again, to gaze aghast at Its gory edge, tbe muffled groan once more struck upon my ears. Still re taining the weapon in my grasp, I darted out into the corrfdur. I saw tbe Siekerof half-a-dozen candles, as, roased by tbe outcries, tbe Inmates of tbe bouse hurried, panic-stricken, to the spot. Witb the appearance of tba Jigbts, Tom raised himself upon bis elbow, stretched bis arm towards me as if in denunciation, and then fell baob— dead 1 I bave a dim vision of paled, awed faoes wound me, looking at me halfcompM sionately, balf-ioathingly ; I saw tba fearful gash tn Tom's breast, from wbiob | tbe blood still triokled ; above all. like a - scar in my memory, I recall tbe red tinged kriss around wbiob my Sogers tightened convulsively. Wben the police came I gszed at tbem blankly, unable to realise tbe import of tbeir queries. I replied to tbem, at hazard, Incoherently— 'His life!' I murmured, disjointedly. ' I was In a dream. Somnambulism! I don't understand. A crime — wbo says it was a crime?' i Tbe police-lnepeotor shook bis head pityingly, and turned to speak to yoong Radeou. j.en. yc, »»IU IUO hbuibubuv, evident reluctance. 'It sound' like a confession. He'll go quietly, I've no doubt, I'll aocompany you, ton.' S^ tbay led me, dazed aDd impaBsive, away. In a vague kind of fashion I knew that I was being taken to prisoti, and I managed somewhat to rally my suattered faculties. There was uo nse In ooooealing the anoonsclous part 1 bad played tn tbls grim tragedy, and I un burdened my mind frankly. ' It's a terrible business,' said RadsoD, wben I bad finished. ' No, I don't blame you exactly. In tbat half-sleeplDg half waking state, you were hardly respon sible for your aotinus. But It's a terrible — terrible bUBinesB !' He need not bave told me tbat, for wben I was left alone tbe vivid recogni tion of mv guilt was more tban I could bear. Tbe many Instances In wbiob I was indebted to my cousin came to up braid me witb tbe baseness of my in gratitude in ever counterancing an ill wish towards bim. And io wbat way would his death benefit me dow ? I could never be rich with his wealth, nor posBessed of his lands : Dnrothy, too, would execrate my name aud bold my memory In deserved abhorrence. Nothing remained for me but tbe ghastly farce of trial and conviction ; beyond loomed tbe gaunt, forbidding gallows. III. A man left alone with BUob thoughts ae mine tastes ao earnest of death. The leaden hours paesed Blowly by, and al though I could not bave been inside the gaol over five hours, it seemed as many weeks to me before Lieutenant Radson returned. ' Phew !' he said, eyeing me intently. 'You seem the ghost of yourself, You ought not to eive way like this.' 'Ought not?' Ieoboed, bitterly. ' Da you expect me to laugh and danoe under my sin ??' ' Uome, come ! It's not bo bad as all that,' ho added quickly. 'I've a ques tion or two to ask you. In the first piace, why did you pitch me tbat tale about a gruesome dream ?' 'What do you mean?' I cried ex citedly. ' Why this— tbat you no more killed your cousin than I did !' ' What I ' Is Tom not dead ?' ' Unorftunately, yes. But you had no hand In causing bis death. The real murderer bas been found — wandering balf-olad, aud raving mad, upon the moor.' ' The real murderer !' I repeated vacantly. 'Have no fear; he is io safe keeping now. He must bave let himself outof tbe bouse]immedlately afterlbedeed waBdooe, still retaining, in epitu of his undoubted Insanity, a lurking notion of the neceFsity of flight. Or course, as sooo as we missed bim, the hue-and-cry was raised, with tbe result tbat be was discovered on tbe moor, as I bave said, obattering to him self and cbuckllng over bis atroolty. He particularly gloats over bis frenzied cuo Ding Iu having secretly filched the Malay kriss from your room, and Iu replacing it without disturbing you, after he had put It to tbe vile purposes coneeived by bis craved brain. Certainly, the poor fellow is not accountable for bis aatloas, yet bis people are greatly to blame—' ' But,' I interposed hastily , ' yon have not told me wbo tbis madman Is.' ' Why, It's the man you knew away In Jaffa — Wallace Lewio. His friends were Bt once communicated witb, and a brother of blB reached Westbolme an hour ago. From him I learned that Lewin has of late been somewhat erratic in blB behaviour, the outcome, no dnubt, of the sunstroke be sustained a few months back in the Levant. Ever since then be has been subject to periodic fits of mBlanobnlla. but nothing serious was thought of them ; certainly, nobody imagined they they would culminate, as tbey have done In a seizure of homi cidal maoia. Wbat Impelled bim to vent bis delirious spleen upon your cousin, rather tban upon anyone else I can't un derstand, unless ludeed, ft waB for tbe reason I have already mentioned — tbe apparent ease with wbiob the muider could be fathered upon you. Tbat, loo, BeemB to be Mr. Canuan's theory.' ' Ah ! Has Mr. Cannan been to the Towers ?' ' He came directly be beard of Tom's deatb. By tbe way, we were all at fault witb regard lo Tom and Mr. Cannan's daughter. I bod a long talk witb the old man, and, from wbat he said, I conjecture tbat Tom was endeavouriog to smooth the path for you. Aware that her father would probably discountenance any en gagement between you and bis child, be oause of your unsatisfactory position financially, Tom— tbe magnanimous fellow— even bioted at settling a sub stantial annuity upon you, on condltlou I tbat Mr. Canoan witbdrew all obstacles, j Tbat expedient will now no longer be needed ; equally, of oourse, MIsb Cannau knew nothing of tbese peuding negotia tions.' ' Andshe?'' I murmured. ' Have you seeu or beard anything of ber ?' ' Only that sbe is in a state of anxiety and indignation on aacoont of your arrest, nigh bordeting on distraction. Her father had gone to see about getting yoa out of tbls infernal bole, and if I might advise you, I would suggest tbat you drive straight to bis bouse, and set ber at rest. Hark,' added be, as footsteps drew near tbe oeli door ' bere comes Mr. Cannan to carry you off.' 