FICTION. THE SHADOW OP THE MILL. CHAPTER IV. ttte stutow TATJM. A f-MnravV knock brought Mis Timms to the door. In all her life she had never been so nearly surprised into speechlessness, as now, upon seeing him instead of Huddle- tone. Whois in that carnage?" she sharply demanded, when she had recaptured her ffeenweomposure. " Yeorraece/ Bsssfe!" she called. "Come in, this glfluto ! And you, sir, leave us instantly I " " Not so fast. Miss Timms, I propose to seme into your parlor and have a talk with yea." " Proposing and doing are different I " ' fihe flew into the house and reappeared with tut umbrella. Alder by cooly looked on pi its bought Bessie from the carriage to the door, where she commanded him toleave and started to 'dose .the door, when he Inter posed— " Dan Hoddlestone is a friend of jours, isn't be?" " What is that to you ? " "Ob, nothing in particular; only be is In a rather awkward predicament and is likely to remain so all night." " Where is he ? " "111 tell you, on condition of five min utes' conversation with yon in yonr parlor." 44 No, sir." " Very well, just as you say. If ycru don't want him released, all right," She saw his determination, and said : "Come, in, tbeo, and make your say brief." "First," she demanded, in her parlor, " what predicament is Mr. Iloddleitone in ? " ne told her. Hhe had had the advantage over too many people not to see that AI- derby now had it upon his side. He thought he saw faint admiration of his courage, but she sternly said : 44 Well, what is your object ? " " Simply to tell you that 1 love your niece; that I know you oppose me ; but that will make no difference." "Ob, it won't?" "No. Bessie loves me. You will he doing her a great injury by forcing roar views of marriage upon ber or by compelling her to oanr Huddlestone. She doesn't want him. She belongs to me, now; so I believe you may as well bestow your blessing upon us." Aunt Mehitable had not shown such con sternation in years. She had always met weak submission ; here was strong audacity, with chance of victory over her. With in creased determination she rote, went to the hall-door and called Bessie, The young girl soon reluctantly appeared. "Bessie," she asked sharply, "this man says you love liiin. la it true 7 " With the same spirit shown at the mill, Bessie walked to Aulerby and replied : " Yes, it is true, aunt." "Very well, then ; I don't fee what 1 can do but say so be it. xou are throwing your self away, girl. Young man, come here to morrow morninL' at 10 o'clock and we will see about this. Not another word will 1 say until you have released Mr. Iluddleitone. Go!" "Why not arrange it now?" Aldezby asked distrustfully. " Go, 1 say 1 I'll not bear another word." Alderby was soon hurrying mill ward in the carriage. He could not help distrusting this easy acquiescence. "That old woman must be watched," he declared. " Hhe will do something yet to prevent our marriage." Jle- found Uuddlcstone, weak with rage, still penned in the corner by Lion. A word released him, and the rivals drove to the village. At precisely 10 o'clock next morning A!- derby's rap hounded upon Mini 3JimmV front door. There wat no response. His second and third fell unnoticed. He had bum too eager to see what now struck a chili to his heart. The house was extremely quiet. " She has outwitted tne ! " he said. " My declaration yesterday was too hasty." A loud chuckle sounded from acton the street. Taming, he saw Hnddlettoue laugh ing upon his porch. He strode across, and, forcing calmness, sard : " Something amuses you, Dan ? " " I should say so. X was wondering how long you would rap at an empty house." " Why, have they gone already ? " Al derby asked, concealing his dismay and feigning surprise. "1 didn't think they would start so early. 1 do hope they'll enjoy their visit, it's a beautiful place they've gone to, and I look for much plea sure when I join Bessie there." Anger at the failure of his ezultalion routed Huddlestonc's composure. He hotly said: " You don't know where they have gone, Alderby." " Don't 1 ? " " No, You're outwitted, and, my word for It, you'll never nee Bessie again. Ha, ha! Aunt Mehitable is too mucli for you. I'm dreadfully sorry for you." " Thanks, Dan." Alderby turned upon his heel, leaving Huddlestone doubting his triumph. But the young lover was by no means so unconcerned as be feigned. His fear was continued. Miss Timms had spirited Bessie away. Where? The old maiden had plenty of money and pluck enough to ily to the anti podes. He hastened to the hotel to begin the chase at once. The landlord handed him a letter. It was a summons to join the surveying party instantly and to tail the following Haturday for BraziL The shadow had fallen. "I'll not go," he declared. "1 know that the appointment is the chance of niy Hie. I may never have another, but my happiness depends upon getting Bessie, it is a choice between business and love, and I decide upon the latter. I'll go home, resign the appoint ment and find Bessie if I spend my lart cent!" CHAPTER V. huckeb. Arriving in New York, be hurried to his father, who had worked hard to tecum the appointment, to tell him of his intention to resign. But a terrible shock awaited him. Bankruptcy had only that morning fallen, and his parents were penniless. The young man saw his duty. He could not resign. He must make his living, lie must go to Brazil at once, and by his labor support his stricken father and mother. He had not even time to seek a clue to Bessie's destina tion. The South- American steamer bore at least one heavy heart out to sea the following to complete. Would be erer see Bessie again V Would she soon forget hhn ? But Alderby had a strong heart. He felt that he was doing right. But it was not without a mighty struggle that he resigned himself to the probability that his love was lost. In the effort to bear up, he threw bis whole energy into his work, and soon gi ntd a reputation for skill and accuracy in the corps; but from the heart of the great Brazilian forest through which the line ran his thoughts went out to Purling Brook and the sweetness he had known there. Surmising that Huddlestone would learn of his going to Brazil and that Miss Timms would return with Bessie to Purling Brook, he wrote a number of letters, but no answers came. He tried to believe that the sunt kept them from Bessie, and not 'bat she had so soon forgotten hhn. This had been her first love, he knew, and he fought the fear that she might, therefore, soon forget it. The hope that her longing was as orient a his own alone sustained hhn in the hardships of his work. At length there came a letter from Hud- dleetone, cordial, sorrowful. No one could regret their estrangement more than be did, and he wished for nothing to modi as a warm grasp of forgiveness. Their rivalry, he wrote, was now at an end. He had no doubt Alderbf had long ago forgotten little Bessie Standon, who was again in Purling Brook. Besides, she was toon to many a young man she had met on her travels with Aunt Mehitable— a splendid young fellow, who would make her a good husband. As for himself, be was bearing this blow as best he could, In which he was greatly helped fay the knowledge of Bessie's unalloyed naptd- nest. After this, Alderby associates saw that he wa-i battling a sorrow; but be poshed his work vigorously until near completion, when he was prostrated by a dangerous fever, due : to the malarious atmosphere of a swamp through which the line of iarTeyingraa; J CHAPTER VI. affal 15 the m i ll» Three years sped, and again, on a warm Jane afternoon, by the brook that still tum bled through the shattered mill-wheel, sat Be«ie, Again she looked no and saw a man stand ing near, looking at her. But it was Ilud- die tone. He advanced with undue affa bility and seated himself upon the fallen tree-trnnfc. "Bessie," he said, "I have just come from your aunt." Hhe looked up, annoyed, and replied f " Von have been worrying her on her sick- bed, and about me." "Not worrying her; trying to comfort her." " Why comfort her? " " I will tell yon; hat, first, let me say that yoa have not noticed that a storm is coming, very much like the one wo both remember. We will not have time to reach town, so must go into the mill." Hhe had risen and cast her eyes at the storm. It did, indeed, resemble that former one, rolling cloud hastily coming toward them. Taming tojhim, she said : " You are right ; we must go to the mill." Hhe raid nothing a thev walked thither, and wm so cold that his love most, Indeed, have teen obstinate to still hope. The three years had ruinously gnawed the railL Board had fallen off, one side was aslant, and weirdnes and decay had be gotten a dismal progeny of shadows. ' She seated herself upon the same bin, while he, ill at ease, stood some feet from her. " Mr. Hoddlestone," she began, " you have something to say. We may as well under stand each other now." "Ye," he assented, " we may. I will not repeat, what yon have long known, that I love you. It is of your aunt I want to speak. Yon know her death may occur even to day, Her death will leave you without a protector, and she is worried. Hhe sees the error of her teaching, for had she allowed yoa to marry, it would be so. Bnt you will be alone, and it is terrible for a woman to be alone in this world. Your annt's fondest w»n is mat yonr near may turn to me anu that we may be married by her bedside. Then yoa will have one to protect yon, who I ©vest yoa a no other man conid. Think of this ax yonr aunt's last wish, and think how it will make her but moment peaceful." Hhe did not seem to hear him. The storm had broken foriomly, but neither heeded it. " Have yon heard me, Bessie ? " Hhe wax tightly pressing her hands, and looking thoughtfully down, with trembling lips, " Have yoa no answer for me, Bessie ?" " Yon know that I did not love you, Mr. Huddlestone." "Bat yoa could learn when yon see how kind 1 would be to yon. There's nothing yon would want I would not grant. But there Is one thing more ; Yon will not only be alone. Your aunt ha lately lost in speculation, and your will be penniles." Hhe sank to the floor. He advanced, the tons gloom concealing his look of triumph. " I will care for yon," he said, " Oh, why— why, was he taken from me ? John— John, where ate yon ? Come back to me— come back!" " Yon trill never see him. He is far away in Brazil and long ago forgotten his promises to yon, I alone am left faithful to yon. Just two month ago I wrote to Alberby in Brazil, inquiring after his welfare, I saw that yon did not love roe, and that yon would soon be atone in the world, I resolved to sacrifice my love to your happiness, and I wrote him would return to yon, so that yon might not be left unprotected." Hhe ha/1 taken down her hands and was looking up at him with a new light In her face— the light of a sudden thought that this man, alter all, might be worthy of her, and that htx love might finally lighten the grief that had fallen upon ber. He saw the look, and bending low, he said, in a loud voice, for the storm was shrilly whistling : " Bat to my reply a letter came yesterday, containing what pain me to tell, but which I do tell to help yon drive that unfaithful man from your heart." Hhe arose, arid, looking eagerly at him, said: " If he is false, Mr, Huddlestone, 1 can then only try to love yon." " False, Bessie I He Is a false as Lucifer. 1 discovered hi unworthinex while he was fsere, and tried to prevent yon loving him. Hi letter sneers at the love of acountry girl ; talks of hi flirtation with yon as a huge joke ; and end by sayiug that he has just married a wealthy Spanish woman — " "Liar!" The word hissed between the crash of the storm. Both turned, startled, in the direction trom which it came, and a flash of lightning showed a pale, haggard man standing near, pointing hi finger at Huddlestone. Sharp recollection of the tale of the mill wrought a moment's belief that the ghost of a dead miller stood before them; but again came the word "Liar!" with too ranch earthly voice and scorn to be supernatural, "Who are yon?" demanded Hoddlestone. " Don't yon know me, Bessie 71 She cried sharply, springing forward, "John, John, is it yon?" "Ye, my darling," Alderby answered, " and jtm in time to save yon a life of misery, Tfaix man U a devil !" Hoddlestone had shrunk Into the shadow; but hi anger leaping up, he came back, birring: "It is easy to talk; not so easy to prove the lie!" "Bessie," Alderby said quietly, ignoring him, " This fellow wrote to me that you were soon to be married. I did not write to him, I am not married to any wealthy Spanish lady, but I love yon, only yon, IVoi/f. and 1 hint enrrut teuk Ca claim vntt" Hhe turned upon Huddlestone in supreme contempt, and said : "How grandly yon He; how great and noble I yonr onsetfishness; how splendid was yonr sacrifice of love to my happiness. Go, go, I don't want to sec you— " Hhe wax interrupted by a terrific blast of the storm, followed by a shivering of the mill, the straining of a heavy girder; then, with a ponderous crash a part of the aged rain sank into a mass of rotten timber, " Ha, ha, ha!" ring out a shrill voice. They saw Mother Carson standing near the gap through which a weird, yellow light shone, throwing her arm about exultantly. "Ha, ha, ha!" she screamed. "Bessie, the curse of the old mill is broken ! Take Mr, Alderly, The shadow is now lifted from you, and yon wilt be happy. But it shall fall upon that man there. Hee! Hee! The storm break in the we:." A suntearn, darting through the ragged opening, shone full upon Alderby and llcssie, but left Huddlextone crouching in the shadow, "Bessie," said Alderby raptaroual/, /'we cannot believe in the evil influence of this mill, bnt it wax here we told each other our love, an/1 it U here we can resolve to share this predicted happiness. Will yon, my darling V " Vex — ye«, John ! 1 am so happy !" There came a short, savage bark, and Lion leaped forward a Huddlestone stole to the door, "Down, old fellow!" shouted Alderby. " Lrt him go. We nee/1 him no more." "Yoa will see!" threatened Hoddlestone, " Aunt Mehitable wiH appoint me guardian over this girl, and yon will never marry." "la m very glad yon told n thU,"laughed Alderby, " lion, hold, him where he is !" The dog leaped op, as if glad of the task, ami the man was again penned in the comer. With parting shaft of scorn, they left him and hastened to Aunt Mehitable. Bessie went to her room, and soon returned to Alderly in the parlor, "Cumeirithrae," the raid gravely, " Mr. Alderby.'?' Mild tho old lady, feebly reaching her baud from the bed, " I have been wrong in opposing you. BesMo loves you, and you can finvc her. J have discovered Huddlcstono's villiany. I employed a lawyer to examine his accounts, for he has had charge of my affairs, and ho has found that the scoundrel has speculated with my money and kept tho profits. The lawyer carried the books from his house only this afternoon ; ho wc have tho proof. I will soon die, but I will trust this matter and my nicco to your charge." , Tho lawyer came in soon and accompanied Alderby to tho mill. Bcforo calling Lion away, they secured a full confession from the miserable roan there. That evening, Aunt Mchitablo grew worse. Hho insisted upon making a now will, leaving all her property, unexpectedly largo, to Bcss.c ; then with a few parting wishes for Bessie's happiness, and regrets for her own harshness, during Hfo, she sank to rest. And within the week, a very hnppy, hopeful brido and groom left Furling Brook to enjoy the reputation and prosperity which had como to the latter. tue endj 