LAYING ATION OF THE FOUND- OF THE PARISH ROOM. The ceremony of laying the Foundation Stone of tho new Parish Room at Geraldton took place on Wednesday afternoon last in the presence of a large congregation, the officiating clergyman being Canon Louch. The proceedings began by the singing of the Processional Hymn " Brightly Gleams our Banner," to the instrumental accompaniment of the Tempcrance Band. The procession, which was composed of the Clergyman, Vestrymen, Choir, and Congregation, started from the ulterior of the Church and marched round the Church grounds in which the new Parish Room is being erected. The order of the service at the the stone was as follows:— The Lord's Prayer." Versicles and Creed Psalm CXXVII. ' Address by Mr. Maitland Brown, the Government Resident. Formal Laying ot the Stone by Miss Baston. Hymn: "All People that on Earth do Dwell." The Benediction. The Hymn " Onward Christian Soldiers " being sung and played as a Recessional March. Mr. BROWN in the course of his address stated that for many years a Parish Room had been thought and spoken of as a necessary adjunct for the prosecution of Church work in Geraldton. The Vestry, however, rightly thought that the enlargement of the Church was the more important work, and that enlargement had proved a necessary work, as the congregation now gathering together could not have been provided for in the old building. Besides the Vestry there was in connection with the Church an association of men and women called the Guild of the Ascension, the members whereof were pledged to a staunch adherence to the Church of England and active service. By this Guild the work of providing the Parish Room had been undertaken. £190 towards the cost had already been collected, and they thought themselves justified in proceeding with the work. He (Mr. Brown) thought those present would think so too, seeing that the building was to cost merely £820, and felt sure they would be glad to learn there would be a collection that afternoon in aid of the fund. The Room, Mr. Brown explained, would be 40 feet long by 25 feet wide, or of the same dimensions as was the Chinch itself prior to the recent enlargement. He had also to say that Mr. Whitney, the Geraldton architect, had very kindlv provided the plans free of cost, Hint Mr. Hepburn WHS thf contractor, and tiuifc the building had to bo completed by tlio iUst March". The Parish Room when completed would ho available for use as a Sunday School Vestry Meetings, for Temperance work, f.n- Guild Meetings, and for Social Gathering*. Mr Brown then dwelt at some lengt.li on the importance of Church effort and the good work accomplished by Sn nday Schools and the ennobling influences of both upon society. He also paid a warm tribute to the mcunoiy of their late lamented friend and helper, the late Mr. George Baston, whotie family had always taken a deep per sonal interest in the work of tho Church in this district and to Mr. Win, Moore, the energetic Secretary of the Guild, who for his manliness, conscientiousness and energy they all so much respected. Before calling upon Miss Barton to lav the stone Mr. Brown ppoke in warm terms of appreciation of fcliafc ladies splendid service to the Geraldton Church Sunday School. She was loved by the children and most highly esteemed by all who knew her. lc was impossible to set a value upon the services she rendered tb eir little ones. They were services which must react for good upon the lives of tho rising generation and he know of no service which was more worthy of their admiration and respect. The stone was then lowered add Miss Baston having adjusted it in its proper place said To the Glory of God and the advancement of His Church I lay this Foundation Stone of the Parish Room. In the Name of the Father, Son and Holy Ghost, Amen. 