MY BARBER. [By Close Shave.] My barber has no settled political opinions. He is as variable as the first spring breezes. I have known him in the course of half an hour express himself in at least half a dozen dif ferent ways, and I should feel inclined, if asked to state his particular position in the political world, to style him a Conservative- Liberal- Royalist- Repub lican-Capitalistic-Socialist. He began one of his latest conversations with me thus:— "Poor Price. They've got him in the bag at last. I knew it as soon as I saw the names of the Jury in the papers. He made a big mistake, and I didn't expect the Jury to show him any sympathy, because they are on the opposite side of the hedge, poli tically. There wasn't a ghost of a chance for him. Why, Hourigan's got a better chance of being Premier ! Poor Price." " Why poor," I ventured. " Well, hadn't he got all the wealth of the place against him, sir V "It's the first time I ever Heard Parsons called wealthy." " But he's related to Angas, and What's that, sir 1 Only by marriage % Well, to be sure that makes a dif ference. Perhaps it wont go so hard with Price after all. I hear that he settled all his property on his wife months ago. So he can't lose anything even if he has to go insolvent. Now, I'm not at all unfriendly to the Labor Party, sir, but there's some folks beginning to think we can have too much of 'em." Here he paused to see how I would take this veering round process, and, apparently encouraged by | the impassiveness of my expression, he went on, " Tom Price is an honest sort of fellow, but be talks too much, and a public man oughtn't to do it." I smiled, for the thought obtruded itself—what would my barber do if he were returned to the House of Assembly 1 " Yes, Price is a good sort, but after all don't we want men of influence in Parliament, sir—men of position, like yourself. I've got no patience with chatterers. Price, I suppose, will lose his seat—that is if he goes insolvent. Then I expect Mr. Symon will come out. There's a man for you 1 I was on a jury once and Symon addressed ua. I couldn't keep my eyes off his face. He fairly fixed me, and he so fogged us and the J udge by his eloquence that I'm blowed — beg pardon, sir—I'm bothered if we didn't bring in a verdict of € not guilty,' although ten minutes before we had whispered together and agreed to find the man guilty without leaving the box. Symon's the man for my money." " But isn't hb a rank Conservative V I interposed. "Well, there's Conservatives and Conservative&f;, sir. I'm like the chap in 'The Gondoliers/ who said, ' When I say I hate all kings I hate bad kings.' Now, when I say I dislike all Conservatives I mean bad Con servatives." "Ah! 'It's a fine distinction,' as . > the Grand Inquisitor would observe. And what may be your ideas con cerning Charles Cameron Kingston ¥' " Oh, I'd vote for him if he was a dynamiting Fenian or a Jack the Ripper," my barber exclaimed en thusiastically. "I couldn't help it.: I've played cricket and football with him, and there's none of the 'igh and 'aughty about him. It I meet him in the street he's not too proud to stop and speak to me because I'm at 'airdresser and he's the Premier. No, He shakes hands and says, 'Welly? Bill, how's business,' quite affable like. You wouldn't find R. Chaffey Baker doing that. Baker walks along liko a man who's just lost a million and picked up a twopenny stamp. That's the difference between them, sir." " And what are your notions about* the Railway Commissionership f " Well, sir, I suppose we'll know all about it in a couple of days or so, this being Monday. I guess they're got a hard nut to crack. You see Holder's away inspecting those kaOny-curs in Queensland, \mto a friend of mine in the Civil Service tells me he left his vote behind him. He says Kingston is red 'ot for Hill, being influenced by Sir John Colton. Charlie—I beg pardon—Mr. Kingston has a great respect for John Coltoh. Then Holder's a Wesleyan, and so is Hill. The Doctor, well, I fancy he's a Hill man, or a Kingston man too. Anyway, there's three on cne side and three on the other, and some-, body's got to give way or there'll be a rumpus. If I was a betting man [the rogue] I'd put my fiver on Smith, but, there, you never know in these things." With which, sage remark he whisked away the towel, made a pretence at dusting my coat, took my> threepence with a cheery " Thanky, sir," motioned the next customer to the chair I had vacated, and commenced a discussion on "The land for the people" with' the Fabianite, who wanted his hair trimmed, before I had got fairly to the door of the shop. 