A FEARFUL TASK.* . There was no indication of danger or disaster as the midday express steamed out of Jersey City. Some 10 carriages composed the train, and these contained over GOO souls. When the gay, busy city bad been left far behind, and all was going merry, as a marriage bell, an accident of the most unusual character occurred. As the train dashed forward at lightning speed, ana telegraph posts flow past like frightened ghosts, the fireman Was engaged recharging the somewhat exhausted furnace, when a fierce back draught suddenly shot 'out, enveloping the advanced cars in flame and smoke. ' The1 engine-driver and stoker were driven from their post by the blinding smoko and hot cinders, and compelled, to take refuge in one of the adjoining cars. The crowded smoking car coupled to the engine.was the first to come under the power of the-flames. With greedy rapidity, the forked firie licked up the paint, and laid hold upon drjC Woodwork of ■- the carriage," It burned fast and furious, and seemed as if it would destroy the whole train in a very seort time. > Tlio 'crackliug of burning timber and the_ thick black smoke that filled every . car sent consternation to many a heart. Cheeks blanched at the sight, eyes glistened wild at the glare of the ever hcreasing light, and strong men trembled at the thought of perishing by lire. The train seemed sweeping on to certain destruction, and panic and confusion every where prevailed. Men and women rushed from one car to another, seeking" in vain for a way of escape. Many and fervent were" the prayers which rose to Heaven for mercy and deliver.ince.' The crucial moment came.' When the first shock had passed, the engineer began to realise his responsibility, and to think ot the lives in peril. The cold sweut broke over hiiii uc be remembered that his mate had fouled the spring of the brake, "and made it almost impossible for him. to the train" to a stand. Nevertheless lie resolved to risk bis life in the attempt to reverse the brake and save the human lives under his care. How was the fear ful task to be accomplished; The brave fellow buttoned up his coat, drew in his breath and nerved himself for a des perate fight with the flames. On quitting his place in the car he retraced his step ovfer the now almost red-hot tender, creeping forward through the smoke and flame, with how much diiliculty and pain no one will ever know. Still the burning train kept whirling on. The intense agony of the passengers became terribly painful. Everyone sceuied paralysed, -and none dared to go. forwnrd to help, or to bring back the hero who was now bidden from vipw, Relief came at last, and not a moment too soon. The sus pense was more than flesh and blood could endure. A vibrating sensation ran through the train, and this was followed by signs of slackening speed. The heroic soul had reached the brake, flung back the lever, and shut off the steam. In a few moments more the train came to a stand, and 600 souls were delivered from tlie jaws of a terrible death. As they stood clear of the burniiig curs many a heart breathed a grateful " Thank God. we are sared ! " The liberared passengers ' lost no time in turning their attention to the hero who had brought them deliver ance. The stoker who had rushed forward to his plucky comrade, found the poor fpllow disfigured beyond recognition. He bad done "bis duty, nnd then, when nature had "reaphed the limits of en dinanee, and in order to Jessen tno j torture of tire remorseless'flames, he bad clambered oyer into the tender wacer-j tank, from which be was taken in a pitiable nnd unconscious condition .' His J clothes were burned from his back, his face and breast, " had been .'ploughed by the fire, his limbs were charred, alriiost to a cinder, and shreds" of scorched flesh hung1 from both'hands. Hearts swelled with coinpasaion, and hundreds > of eyes wept hot tears of pity and gratitude lis they beheld the ..marred form- of the Pendsylvabia engineer, who bad given his lifd for them. Strong arms -raised him hp tenderly and bore liim aivay to the hospital, where in spite of skill and uursing, he sank under his sufferings. In a few: hours the story of Joseph Seig's'deed. of self-sacrifice was flashed around the civilised world. • Thousands in all ranks of society paused to admire his heroism and loyal devotion to duly.-' ;Tt'is"fbthe honor of working men that there are in: their ranks, in every laiidj men equal to such circumstances. - • Every doy furnishes evidences that many courageous ones are ready to rise superior to. feelings of personal dnnger for the sake of. their fellows. Long may t;his be. so. Deeds like these, and nobility of this laud, never die.,, Kings and millionaires die, and are forgotten, but devotion like this remains sunny and green. Such deeds will live in the memory for all time, and unborn generations will be stimulated .by their influence. . Ebr successful audacity it would be difficult to match the performance of an old soldier who was lately brought up before a London magistrate for begging. The giiolor having proved that he'hat] spent 17 out of the last 19 years of his' life in prison, the magistrate remarked, " I am sorry to see you here again, Kennedy. I do not like to see the same faces again and again before lue, as it shows that the romediesl try have had no effect." Whereupon Kennedy, drawing himself smartly up to "attention," gracefully rejoined: " But you oro such a fascinating gentleman, sir, that one can not llt-lp coming frequently to see you !" Tb'e venerable offender was dismissed. 