1 he White 3Lie. o A tall, steel-eyed, austere man was Philip Stanmore. A man keen in business, the}* would tell you in the City, but upright and fair-dealing. Not a man, however, given to making friends. Life had not brought joy into his heart. The struggle had been hard and bitter. And now he had won the race, and could be called successful, he was too old to begin man's pleasures. He was just over forty years of age. Sentiment had flown away long ago. No time had been given him for books. He was too busy to cultivate acquaintanceship. A woman had never smiled upon him. No ; he was only Philip Stanmore, the cold, determined, prosperous City merchant, He lived in a gaunt, rambling sombrelooking place- in Bayswater. The rooms were chilly : the furniture was dark. These things did not trouble Stanmore, for money making had been the idol of his life. Yet the housekeeper would whisper to the cook that lie watched the accounts very closely. I11 the evening, when he walked home, he would quiety total up his wealth, and smile. He was a rich man. In the days that were dull and murky a cloud would sometimes float before his mind. Where would it all go when he passed away ? He only sneered at charitable societies. He had 110 thought of leaving a legacy either to his cook or a crossing-sweeper. He was a very selfish man. Let others spend their money in helping the poor, and the ailing, and the thriftless. He was not so foolish. He could never tell how it happened, but a desire, feeble at first, but growing strong as the months rolled round, entered his heart. At the commencement lie only laughed, and pushed the thought from him. It was out of the question. But often his evening paper fell from his hand, and he watched the gl&w; of the embers. His heart grew warm, and the stem features relaxed, and something like happiness crept over him as, in a reverie, he pictured what he might be. He could not throw off the desire. It took possessi.on of his soul. It enveloped him. He was hungering to have a son—someone to bear his name and be kindly to him. ' Oh ! my son,' lie would say, ' how I would love you ! You would be my one joy. I see you now, as you will be—as you must be ! What a fine fellow you are ! How tall and how strong ! Yes, I am proud of you, my son. Let me hold your hand, my boy. That't it ! Look at me. Be happy ! I have much ; but it is all yours. God bless you, my boy.' Then, with a sigh, he resumed his evening paper. He could not read. His mind was in a whirl He went to the window, and watched the heavy, lumbering omnibuses roll along the street. 'Well,' lie thought, returning to his chair, ' what a fool of a man I must be. I am not married, and I don't know a woman who would marry me. I don't know that I want to be married. No doubt I would soon make some poor creature very unhappy. But I do want a son. Yes ; I do want one.' The paper was thrown aside, and he thought and dreamt it all over again. Constantly lie would ask himself the question—* Why not Why should lie not marry. Other men had the joy ; why not lie ? It was perplexing. Away, deep down in his &oul;, was a sentiment, almost crushed duiing these years. There was a great depth of love ; but he had never known it till now. Unconsciously a change came, and the harshness of the man softened. 4 1 will have a son. I know 1 will have a soil.' He was filled with gladness. So lie went into the world. He did not refuse invitations. Once lie had a dinner party at his house. He became kind and considerate. Gentle women and the charm of homely life were attractive. He could be a pleasant man. And thus it was that at the- end of two years he took Miss Florence Hutchinson to be his wife. She was a cold and stately lady. Stanmore told himself often lie did not love her. His marriage was a plan to carry out his great desire. Miss Hutchinson would be a good mother to his boy. As the months flew by Philip Stanmore knew happiness. For many hours he would wander in the parks. He had very sweet reveries. What should he call his boy ? A name, surely, that was noble and manly. When young men passed, he shook his head, and said, ' Better than any of these—far better.' The time came for the arrival of his child. It was long and anxious waiting. No one took much notice of him. For the moment he was forgotten. There was hurrying backwards and forwards to the room upstairs. 'Ah ! my friend,' said Dr. Evans, « why be worried ? It will be all right in another half hour, and you will be the happiest man in all London, no doubt,' ' I will,' said Philip ; and then he passed into the little enclosed garden. It was a beautiful night. He could hear the roll of the traffic along Westbourne Grove. He looked upwards, and tried to recall the names of some stars. He had never done so since he left school, and he had forgotten. Then he glanced towards his wife's window. There was a bright light cast against the blind. He was sad, and yet he knew he had cause for much thankfulness. He stood bareheaded in the night air, leaning on the rockery. Peace settled upon him. The world might think him weak ; but tears flooded his eyes. He made no endeavour to stop them. It was the first time as a man he had ever wept. He slipped upon his knees, and, burying his face in the palms of his hands, sobbed. '0 God! I thank you. I have never thanked you for anything. But now, 0 God, I do thank you.' He remained crouching for a long time. The light shone in his wife's room. He entered the house. 'Why, man alive!' said the doctor, cheerily, 1 you look like a ghost. Here, let me congratulate you. Everything has gone wellj and your wife is quite safe.' ' And my son ?' ' Your son 1 Why, it isn't u son, but a daughter.' Philip Stanmore said nothing. He turned into the library, and locked tl e door after him. # a ft # It was all darkness and bitterness of soul again. Never for a moment had he contemplated the possibility of a daughter. He felt cheated. This was not the bargain he had made. He saw sneers in the congratulations of those who had become his friends. Once more he was a selfish^ discontented man. His feelings were unkind to his wife and to the little stranger. He blamed them when he knew there was no blame. 'A girl—only a girl!' he muttered. 'After all these years of wailing ; after so many hopes and dreams—only a girl ! Oh, that I had never married.' He was unreasonable. He was cold and stern. When he sat brooding, Mrs. Stanmore would watch his face and see BICKFORD for Carpets (lark thoughts. He never wished to look upon the child. 'Keep out of my sight,' he once exclaimed, angrily, when Mrs. Stanmore brought little Madge into the library. ' Why was it not a boy ?' His wife stood transfixed, and gazed curiously at him. Then she understood all. She did not bring the child to him again. So y< ar by year slipped round. There was an estrangement, perfectly conscious to each, but never referred to, between Mr. and Mrs. Stanmore. Madge was not even as other children. She was a cripple. The little limbs were twisted. She never laughed or ran about the house. She sat meekly, uncomplainingly, looking out upon the world with large frightened eyes. 4 It is awful,' thought the father. * Keep her out of my sight.' When Madge was ten years of age her mother died. With tearless eyes Philip placed his wife away. His hair was quite grey now. His face was drawn. His eyes were always sad. His mouth was more firm. He sent Madge to a girl's school in Derbyshire. It was very lonely for him. Just like the old days when he was the keen, vigilant business man. But the dreariness was greater than ever. Joy was so near to him, and then it had passed away. Every Saturday lie had a letter from his daughter. At first he took little notice. The letters were about lier lessons, lier music and drawing. They always closed with the exjsession, 'With fondest love to my dear, dear papa.' Occasionally he heard from the head mistress that Miss Stan more was unwell. He replied she was to have every care. But in the letters Madge sent there was never allusion to her health. When she had been away for two years she wrote : 4 Are you not very lonely, papa, dear? Wont you let me come home in the holidays.' It is so dreary here when the girls are away. I could play to you and sing to you, and make you happy. Papa, it is such a long time since I saw you. I want to see you and to kiss you.' ' Philip smiled faintly. She wanted to kiss him. He wanted somebody to love him, but it should be a son. Yet the sting was not so great as in years gone, and he thought kindly of his poor little girl in Derbyshire. At the end of the summer term she came home for the vacation. She walked with the aid of a stick, for one foot dragged. She did not notice the coldness of her father's greeting. She was soft and gentle of feature, and her hair, like her mother's was very black. The eyes were large. She would sit and dream like her father. A pang of pain shot through Philip's heart as he saw her climb the staircase. She never asked his leave, but she arranged the ornaments in his room, and in the evening after dinner, she drew a footstool near to him, and sitting upon it would rest her head upon his knee. They rarely conversed, these two. Before going to bed she kissed him on the forehead, and said, 4 God bless you my dear papa.' On the night before she returned to school he kissed her, # # » # The following year she came home again. Then Philip Stanmore went abroad. He had no desire, but his doctor told him he must have constant change to repel the attacks of morbid depression. So he planned a lengthened tour. He shut up the house in Bayswater, and made provision for Madge's welfare. He went away. He intended to be absent for two yearp. But a far longer time went by and he did not return. Madge would hear from him in distant corners of the earth just saying he was wel I. Five years elapsed before lie again saw London. He was just the same man as ever, only his hair was white, and sadness was settled firmly 011 his countenance. He rarely read, but he would go to the library aud brood. The awful futility of his life ! He was becoming an old man, and life seemed to have been quite wasted. If he only had a son how different it would have been. Madge came home. She was in her eighteenth year. The sweet girl's face had become that of a sweet woman. The eyes were soft and loving. She was still lame. She put her arm across her fathers shoulder, and placing her cheek against his, said, ' Now you will let me be your little housekeeper, wont you ? I will make this dreary old place quite bright. In the evenings you will tell me all you have seen. I have learnt a great deal about geography. Whenever 1 had a letter from you I got a book out of the library about the place you were staying at. So you see we can have long, long chats, can't we ?' Madge put the house in order. She insisted on the drawing-room being quite refurnished. 4 What's the good of a father,' she said shyly, 4 if he can't buy nice* things ? So, please, I want two sovereigns to buy flowers with, and you really must have a new piano. That is a tinkling old thing in the dining-room.' It was a new experience to Stanmore to be spoken to like this. He feigned rebellion, but a smile stole across his lips and he would give in. When Madge was ill and near to death he watched her tenderly. She came down to the library when convalescent, and sat on the stool by her father's side. The curtains were drawn, for it was a cold, foggy night. She looked long into the glowing fire. Her father's hand was against her cheek. She took it and kissed it. Stanmore did not move. His eyes were closed, and his mind was surveying the past twenty years. Madge rose. ' Papa,' she whispered, ' let me sit on your knee. I feel so tired to-night.' She put her arms about his neck and pressed lier lips to his. When Philip looked up he saw tears. 4 What is it, my lassie ?' he asked. 4 Oh, father, you are so very, very good to me.' He lifted her gently and placed lier in a large chair. 4 One minute,' he said huskily, 'one minute.' He felt a pulling at his heart, and he walked about the room quickly. ' Madgey,' he said, 4 come here.' She went to him, the tall, stern, whitehaired man. 4 Madgey, do you love your father ?' 4 Yes, papa.' He took her hand. She knelt by his side. There was only the tick of the clock to be heard. Then Philip Stanmore, stooping over his deformed daughter, said with a new light in his eyes, and love in his voice— 4 Better than all the sons on earth. God bless you.' Faith in matters of medicine is said to he half the remedy, but in desperate chronic cases upon which many doctors have experimented without success, it requires groat confidence to inspire faith in anything or anybody. What is wanted is to Drink Mariwari Tea. Blckford for Easy Chairs 