NOTES OF THE DAY. (BY "OUTIS.") "An eruption of pure lmpisliness," as tlio "Argus" names it, is afflicting the Victo rian community at date. Numerous citi zens are possessed by tbo modern equiva- lents lor nevus, anil go aoroau seeniug whom they may damnify. Out of the fe cundity of their malignant Imaginations they evolve ingenious schemes of rapino and outrage by flood and field, and succeed in permeating the public mind with restive preparedness for assault on body and soul. The other day an engine-driver on one of the railways got touched with the unholy Are of madness, and started in to fine down the speed record. Ho drovo his engine along at such a rate that passengers put in a few miles bumping between the floors and ceilings of carriages, and baggage crashed and smashed as the train went Jolting and jumping on and over the rails. Presently tho fireman began to claw the engine- driver, and at tho end of fifteen minutes' wicked fighting, knocked him quiet with a bar of iron. A day or two afterwards an up-country anarchist thumped a lot of dynamite down In a newspaper offlce, and a humorist made a woman faint by telling her tbat her son had just boon drowned In a waterhole near by. All the time Satan finds mischief for other idle toughs to do In the form of spooking, and every day or two reports come to hand of women and children being frightened sick or nearly dead by men and boys who put phosphorus on their hands and faces and gambol round corners in the guise of ghosts. When at leisure from these pursuits the kinky mind of the enemy of society is engaged in mak ing thlng3 unbearably sultry for women on bicycles. At Warrnambool the eruption has been long and fiery. Warrnambool has been In a state of fruitless siege against persons for six exciting months unknown whose business was to sot fire to things. The State school, railway station, a few ware houses, hay and corn stores, factories, and ever so many other buildings, to an aggre gate of nearly 20, were duly and regularly fired, and life at Warrnambool became chiefly a matter of speculation as to whose place would be burned down next. The police were tremulously and excitedly on the qui vive all this time, of course, and stayed out of their beds for weeks on end. Also, smart detectives in disguises went down from Melbourne, and got a lot of good clues, as is their custom, but the firing went on with business-liko regularity. Anyone who has studied demonology as op posed to detectlvism will at once see that in the end these crimes were traced to some verdant minor or minors. It was so. Two hoys, taken up on spec, by a constable who had an unnatural flight of inspiration, pre sently confessed that they had started all the fires. With the characteristically brief candor of the bacltblocks they described their motive as merely "pure devilment." Something peculiar in their moral condition made them delight in seeing buildings in flames, and having tasted the joy of It at their first fire, tho unaesthetic animal In them hungered for more, as a tiger, having drawn blood, goes on drawing ail there is. This exceptionally notable case of the out- bursting devil is a big scale type of the spirit that is alive and kicking in Victoria just now. The Rev. Dr. Cook believes that what has ruined the democratic party in the United States "has been Its tinkering with the tariff"; also, that the Americans "want, not tariff alterations, but tariff settle ment." This "tinkering with the tariff" is one of a few splendid platitudes on to which the protectionist seems to fasten as the sparks fly upward wherever there is any sort of trouble about a fiscal policy. If it should be proposed to clamp more duties on to consumers, he calls that "tar iff reform," and shouts for it with leather lungs at every opportunity. But if he has got all ho wants, or all he is likely to get, and someone proposes that the time has now arrived when tbo purchaser should be bled a little less, he stands up to execrate the proposal as "tinkering." Tho New South Wales capitalist, fighting Provi dence with the aid of other people's money, cries aloud, "Let us have no tinkering with the tariff." So do tho Victorian candle- maker, living on a duty which even the protectionists want to see tinkered with a sharp knife, and the New Zealand manu facturer, whose bread is buttered on both sides with the extra price a duty enables him to put on to his commodities. The cry has its counterpart, no doubt, in all the tariff-fenced countries of tho earth, and It comes to us now with inexhaustible perlci- ness all tho way from Boston. As to the United States in particular, what the peo ple wanted was, as Dr. Cook says, tariff settlement — on a basis that involved what he calls tinkering. And they would have got it on a more beneficial scale if the piled-up millions which fiscally peaceful monopolists had made out of M'Kiniey's tariff hadn't been so deadly in buying sena tors' votes to perpetuate the process of boodle-gathering. The tariff was tinkered with to sorao purpose, and in the attempt to do moro the Democrats were frustrated, not by the Ame rican people, but by tho warmest and frankest kind of American corruption. As tilings are going, it will presently be Incumbent on this community to hold the convict in high esteem as a person whose guilt is not to be laid odds on merely be cause a judge and jury have cast him into gaol. On the contrary, his being there seems likely to become prima facie evi dence of innocence, and that conclusion must not be shrunk from out of any mean dislike of the other conclusion it involves — that, as certain crimes have indubitably been committed, a lot of us on this side of the gaol gate must be guilty. Until a few days ago two men who have now gone Into seclusion for seven long years, amidst tho applause of a well-convinced commu nity, were popularly regarded as well- conducted and honorable citizens, one of whom was supposed to have been injured whoro It hurts a mau most, aud upon whose fully-accepted testimony another had been swiftly gaoled for perjury. If they ever meet in yard B, at meal times, or else where In their new quarters, tho thought will spontaneously occur to them, I should imagine, that ouo or the other ought to be on the ontside. Only a week or two ago a man who had been well and duly tried, convicted and sentenced, came out of gaol to the tune of approving and unanimous shouts from the throats of the colony. He, too, had been wrongly Incarcerated. Then thero is the undying Mount Rcnnio case, outcoming from which some persons are still held close who, as it Is now pretty clear wero either innocent or implicated to only a very trivial extent. How many more men and women havo been sworn Into undeserved sorvitudo it isn't possible to guess. But as most inquiries into con viction end in the enthusiastic liberation of tho accused without a stuiu on his character, tho number of inuocents now do ing time may be presumed to be fairly con siderable. 