ACROSS THE BORDER. (CONCLUDED FROM SATURDAY LAST) Julia’s home was to be in Chicago. Her husband held a good position on a railway) and her outlook was prosper ous. At first she wrote of the pleasant home she had in the Lake City. Presently there was a discontented note in her letters. She was lonesome at nights, with Fred away so much- There was somethiug strange about the rooms where they lived. She had been awakened night after night by sounds of shuffling feet and short chuckling laughs in the room where she slept, h red had heard the some on the nights when he was at home. He declared the place was haunted. They intended to move as soon as possible. All this was recounted to me b}r Mrs. Butler, Julia’s mother, as I had known the family for years. One night about this time I dreamed of seeing Julia and her husband walking hand in baud up the gravelled path, shaded by chestnuts, which led to the Butler homestead. Though their faces were familiar, they seemed to be children in stature, and their; clothes wore in rags. In my dream I saw them go up to the front door and ring the bell, then, as it did not open, they went round to a side door and began to batter it. Within a week I heard that they were both back to the homestead, and that Fred had lost his position. When I went over to the house I found Julia changed from a rattling, thoughtless girl of six months ago to a sub dued, unsmiling woman, disin clined to talk much. • After a while Fred got another position on a railroad, though it commanded small pay. Julia remained at home with her mother. Within four months her little girl was born. I was sent for that night. “Julia seemed to want you here,” her mother whispered. “ She has the queerest notions. She thinks her Aunt Rhoda haunts her, and that you will have some power to lay the ghost. Of course it is all foolishness, but Julia knows she was not very kind to her aunt, and in her state of health she is liable to notions. I am glad you are here.” I went in and spoke cheer fully to Julia. She looked be yond my shoulder nervously. “ 1 want you to stay round and keep her away,” she said. “ The doctor would not under stand if I told him anything. He would think I was crazy.” “ No one shall trouble you to-night.” I said soothingly. I had a whimsical idea that if Rhoda Crump was indeed around, she would think it scarcely just to harass the young woman in this her su preme hour. And she did not. —~ -Julia still remained1 with her mother. When little Grace was abeautiful child six months old she suddenly sickened and died. The doctor had no diagnosis to reach the case. The child had been perfectly healthy and was laughing and crowing in her mother’s arms, when the little form became convulsed with pain, and be fore the doctor get there she was dead. Julia’s tearless grief was touching. “ I saw a black shadow come over her face like a flash just before the convulsion,” Julia told me. “It seemed like Aunt Rhoda’s hand reached out to snatch my baby from me.” “ Surely not,” I said hastily. “We must not be foolishly superstitious.” Jt was not long after this that Julia joined her husband in- the new, though rather humble home', he was now able ( I I to make for her in the distant town where his work lay. They were only fairly settled when Julia succumbed to illness. Weeks of intense suffering followed, during which she was at the mercy of an unscrupu lous hired nurse. Her mother would have gone to hsr, but her own feeble health forbade thejourney. The rest of this curious story hangs upon the old shoes, Rhoda’s wedding present. Julia told me all the circum stances three years afterwards, when her second child had come to cheer her heart. She had never been troubled with the strange noise since the birth of little Grace, though it had seemed to her during her sickness that some; grim re lentless form was always by her bedside. But one night, when she was convalescent and was free from pain once more, she dreamed of seeing Rlioda, smiling, at her bedside, while she held up the old shoes and chuckled over them. in a jiffy she had them on her feet, and was dancing around the room like a madcap school girl, strewing small silver pieces on the carpet after her, and Julia saw that the silver was issuing through the open toes of the old shoes faster and.faster, and awoke herself, laughing at the oddity of it. A week later word had been brought to her that Fred had been injured in a railway smash up, and had been carried to the hospital. The wolf was soon at her door. How to get bread while the bread-winner was disabled was the question. Oue morning the bell belong ing to her second floor rooms gave a resounding peal. She hastened down to the door as fast as her weakness would permit, and found there a man standing, who was en veloped in a loose garment resembling the Roman toga. He looked tall and impressive. His face was of chalky white ness, and his round, keen black eyes seemed to bore holes through her head as he looked at her. “ Good morning,” he said, with a bow, and speaking with a foreign accent. “ I will state my business. I am in search of a pair of dead men’s shoes.” Julia drew back, thinking he was a lunatic. “I am perfectly sane,” he said, with a peculiar smile. “ I repeat, I want a pair of dead men’s shoes, genuine ones. You do not understand. Let me explain. I am before the public as a spirit mesmerist. I perform stage feats, and am sometimes accused of being in league with the devil. In the course of my training I dis covered by mere accident that by stepping into a pair of Ishoes which had once belonged to a man now of the body I could become “en rapport ” with his I spirit.: I could call him.up be fore an audience with all his' spirit associates and make them provide entertainment. Some influence directed me to your door, and indicated the second bell.” A “I have a dead woma.. shoes,” Julia said rather sharply. It was only that morning she had come across them in the bottom ot a box packed by Alice. “ So much the better if they are genuine,” he responded eagerly. “ May I see the shoes?” Julia went up stairs and soon returned with them. The man in the toga took them in his hands and held them up. “ She suffered,” he said in a whisper. “ She was unfor giving. She was just, but hot generous. She is an earth bound spirit now, but she is progressing.” He changed his tone. “ They are not my size,” he said briskly, with a glance at his own small, neat foot, “ but they are worth 50dol. to me.” Julia’s eyes were blinded by tears when he gave her the crisp bank notes from his pocket-book. “ It is foolish, I know,” Julia said at the close of her story, “ but I half believe that Aunt Rhoda has engineered a good part of my life since she i ‘ crossed over,’ just as she said I she would. After I had suffered enough for my heart less treatment of her, the old shoes I despised were the means—” “ Nonsense,” I interrupted. “It is all jmur fancy. But what became of the man in the toga ?” “ Oh, he put up big posters, hired a hall, drew big crowds and made money, while the papers told of his wonderful powers. Perhaps he was ahum bug, but he saved me from starvation.” 