Apple Canker. Although many yoars have passod since the life-history of tho oankor fungus (Nootria ditissiraa) has been worked out by tho mycologist (says O. W. Herbert Greaves, in tho Gardeners' Ohroniole), tho majority of praotical fruitgrowers do not yot seem to Italy recogniso tno loot tnat tho purusito in quostion iB tho direct ouuso of tlio disease, und that, whilo overy endeavour should ho mado to romovo any unHuitablo con ditions of growths that may predispose to, and thus aot as indireot . causes of canker, it is ossontial that steps should bo takan to destroy or chcok tbo parasite itself. It is not surprising that the " rank and filo ' ' of praotical gurdonera should fail to attach sufficient importance) to the lifo-work of tho destructive fungus, for noarly all our lending pomologists have, in their published writings, treated this portion of tboir subjoot in a manner tliat is in tho highest degree unsatis factory. Somo writers when dealing with canker and its causes ignore the fungus alto gether; this is playing "Hamlet" without tho ghost. Others, whilo udmitting that it may do something towards aggravating the com plaint, regards its offsets us of quito secondary importance. Others again look upon tlio fungus ns un effect ratbor tlum as u causo. Thus, for instanoe, u well-known authority inarecontly published and otherwiso oxcollent littlo hook on fruit culture says, with reference to Nootria ditissima, "although this fungus may ho present in ull oanker wounds, yet it is probably only an accompanying effeot, and not tho causo of tho disoaso." In tho samo work is givon n wood- out intended to represent tho fungus ; hut the inacburnoy of tho drawing oompela ono to sup- poso that it is tho work of someone who bus nover examined tho organism under tho mioro- scopc. Tho fuot of such an illustration loing admitted indicates tho slight importance at tached to tho fungus by tho author. Many similar instances might bo oitod, but my presont purpose is not so much to oriticiso the work of my superiors, as to urgo the uccosBity of directly attacking tho parasito under consideration, in addition to adopting tho preventive measures usually recommended. In othor words, our warfare with fungoid pests should be offensive as woll us defensive, if wo desire to obtain a oomploto mastery ovor them. Unfortunately, tho pressnco of tlio fungus is not usually detected until it bus boon at work upon its spore oapsulcB aomo timo, for tlio bright red-coloured porithecla do not ut first appear, nnd oven tlioso often osoupo observation unless carefully looked for. Ramediesaro seldom applied until the warty excrcsoencos and opon cancerous wounds pro- oluim the diseuso to be in an advanoed stage. It is needless to say that when the disordor has progressed so far drastio treatment is necessary. IJiscased wood should bo out olean out with a sharp knife, and tho wound, after having been pared quite smooth, should bo painted ovor with styptic made by dissolving shellac in spirits of wine. For dressing small wounds I bavo found Canada Balsam auswor well, but this substance would doubtless prove too ex pensive for covering lurge surfaoca. Spring is the best season for this excision of diseased wood and bark. If the cunkered tissue oxtends so fur round us to render tho latter too weak to s pport a crop or to withstand tho force of tbo wind, it is well to out tbo branch olean off below tho injured place. Should this amputa tion spoil the shape of tbo tree tlio stump may bo regraftod— unless, of conrse, a suitably placed dormant hud ho pushed into growth by the beading baok, in whioh case tho gap may quickly he filled without rografting. Although muoh may he done to urrest tho spread of the disoaso by excision and amputa tion, it 1b highly desirublo that tho fungus should he oheoked at a sufficiently curly stage to make saoh drastio measures unnecessary. The most obvious precaution is to ovoid grafting with a scion that is already affected, ovon in the slightest degree. If any of tho red fructifications (pcrithcoia) are to bo soon, tbo shoot should he rejeotnd, for, ovon if none of the innumoruble spores contuinod in each pori- thcoam succeed m obtaining a foothold, tho myoelium whioh has givon riso to thoperitheciu is able to grow within tho living tissues of tho stem. It is probable that tho myooiium is ablo to keep pace with the growth of tho host, so that a scion in whioh even the minutest portion of myoelium is present may produco n tree whose every branoh and twig is ramified by mycelial threads. . Sooner or later these may cause the bhuraotoristio sores of canker and tno destruc tion of the tree iB only a matter of timo. Whether tbo sporos_aro ablo to penetrate tho healthy cortex, or whether tho fungus oan only gain admission through oraoks iu tho. hark caused by frost or through punoturo by insects, is a question that bus not yot beon decisively answered. Until reooutly it was believed that the spores of tho fungus causing Larch cankor (Pcziza wiUkomraii) — a not distant relative of Nootria— could only attook its host through Euneturcs or fissures in tho hark, hut it has eon stntcd recently by Mr. J. B. Ourruthers that they onn pierco sound eutioular layers if tho lattor ure sufficiently young. It is quite possiblo that the spores of neotria possess tho same power. This autumn I havo observed numerous perithooin upon this year's growth of a badly ounkored "Viotoria plum tree. Theso peritheoiu are situated sorao 30 and odd inohes above tho point to whioh tho shoot was pruned baok last winter, and the growth in quostion has not so far us I have been uble to judge, "beon at- taokedbyaphidesorothorinseots. Norbavelbeen ablo to detect, although I have out and examined mioroooopioaUy several hundred sootions, any trace of insect attook. From this it may reasonably "be oonoluded either (1) that the myoelium oan traverse, in tho plum, as muoh as 30 inohes of stem during a season ; or (2), that the spores oan penetrate sonnd cortex. In either cose, it ia evidently essential to attack direotly so virulont a disease, and to do so as early us possible. On tho oohtinont, I bolieve, sulphate of iron is used ns a fungicide for apple and other trees affected by oanker. A solution of 1 lb. of proto-sulphato in 60 or 60 gallons of water, applied in a fino spray, might prove efficacious. Tho first application might be made before flowering, and tbo dose might bo repeated after tho fruit is sot, and again onco or twioe at intervals of three woeks. This repetition is necessary, because tho shedding of spores by tho peritheoiu iB a prooess whion continuos for some time. The ommoniscal carbonate of coppor spray is much used in the United States and Canada as a means of preventing apple scab (Oladosporium dendritioum), and there is no reuson why it should not ho more widely used than it is in this country, both for scab and canker, The formula is : 1 oz. of oarbonato of copper, 36 ozs. of ammonia, 20 gals, of water. Tho first spray ing is given as soon aa the fruit is sot, and tno prooess is repeated three or four times in early summer at intervals of two or three weeks. I am not aware whether Bordeaux mixture, whioh' is so valuable in conncotion with tho potato fungus (Phytophthora infestans), hue been tried for Nectriu ditissima ; hut it would ho certainly worth whilo to apply it experi mentally. ' ' . "Why aro women tbo biggest thieves in existence?" "Because they steel their petti coats, bono their stays, crib their babies, and hoik their o." 