UNIVERSITY EXTENSION LECTURES. 2 w The final lecture of the English literature course was delivered last night in the Technical School by Professor W. H. Williams, the subject being Hamlet. Hamlet, the lecturer said, is the most psychological of the tragedies. In the others Shakespeare depicts the human mind under the influence of one dominant passion. In Hamlet he represents it under the iufluence of two of its three fundamental functions the intellect and the emotion-in conflict thus producing paralysis of the third func- tion the will. The art of willing may be the result of the agreement of the intellectual and emotional faculties ; or even of their opposition, if one over- masters the other ; but there can be no Killing if the intellect and the emotion are opposed and evenly balanced. The loutit is neutrality of the will, or what we call hesitation, indecision, irresolution. It is this equipoise of the intellect and the emotion he antagonism that causes the prolonged vacillation of Hamlet. In most temperaments one or the other pre- dominates in Hamlet they are equally blended. The emotional tendency, which he may have inherited from his impression- able mother, had found satisfactions the artistic pursuits of music, poetry, and the drama. He can act well, play the recorder, and compose poetry both erotic and dramatic. His language is highly poetical and imaginative-. His dramatic criticism is universally accepted as final. He has " the courtier's, soldier's, scholar's, eye, tongue, sword " His intellect, perhaps derived from his father, who had a brow where " grace was seated, and the " from of Jove himself," had been strengthened and developed by his philosophical studies at Wittenberg, the European centre of light and leading, the emotional and intellectual sides of his nature were not only evenly balanced, but also in constant opposition. At Wittenberg he had learnt to analyse his own character; to recognise and suspect the impulsive and passionate tendencies of his deposition to keep a vigilant watch over all his thoughts, words, and deeds to endeavour to subject them all to the dry light of reason, and inform them to a lofty ethical standard. His ideal is not the animal, which never hesitates because swayed by the impulse of the moment, but man " made with such large discourse, looking before and after." with capability and godlike reason." His beatitude is for those whose blood and judgment are well commingled," who are not '. passion's slaves." He recognises the dual element in his own nature : now stand I then, that have a father killed, a mother stained, excitements of my reason and my blood I" Reason he regards as the noblest attribute of man : " what a piece of work is a man I how noble in reason I In order to make his conception of an important and complex character as 1 clear as posal ole, Shakespeare often describes a contrasted character in the same play, so that we may receive both positive and negative impressions - that we may infer what he is from what he is not. In Macbeth it is Banquo j In Ltar, Gloucester and in Hamlet, Laertes. Laertes also has a father to avenge. What is his course of conduct ? Has he any qualms of conscience any moral scruples; any intellectual doubts? All other considerations but revenge he casts to the winds. Every one of his negations should be carefully noted as indication the thoughts that weighed with Hamlet in causing his ladeoWon. " How came he dead THE not be juggled with To hell, allegiance 1 vows, to the blackest' devil I Conscience and grace, to the profoundest pit I I dare damnation. To this point I stand. That both the worlds I give to negligence, Let come what comes ; only I'll be revenged most thoroughly for my father." Allegiano?, vows, conscience, grace, damnation, the other world, those were the considerations that gave Hamlet pause. To ignore all these, and fiercely to concentrate his undivided energies on the single object of revenge, was to secure that success on the lower level which is always the reward of remorseless unscrupulous determination. But it was not the success that Shakespeare meant for Hamlet. Hamlet, as Goethe describes him, winding, turning and tormenting himself; advancing and receiving ever put in mind, and ever patting himself in mind ; Hamlet, with his passionate self- reproaches and his agonies of unmerited remorse ; Hamlet, as he read his own heart by the light i of Christianity, very proud, revengeful, and ambitious, with more offences at his back than he has thoughts to put them in imagination to give them shape, or time to set them in ; is a nobler figure, than the successful Laertes, who, to gain his revenge, would cut his enemy's threat in the Church, and treacherously slay him with an envenomed sword. Lier toa dies a self convicted as satin ; Hamlet, the scourge and minister of Heaven, the martyr for conscience, is sung to his rest by flights of angeles. We may note the following phases in Hamlet's capital condition. East, strong emotional excitement under the in the case of the Ghost's communication, followed by the natural relation, in which the intellect asserts itself, and demands grounds more relative." Then the con science stricken Kian betrays his guilt, and Hamlet is convinced of the truth of the apparition. The question now is time, place, and manner of revenge. Emotion tempts him to kill the penitent on his knees, but intellect, satisfied as to the fact, doubts the justice of private and unconstitutional vengeance. On the voyage to England he obtains tangible evidence of the King's criminality and in the final catastrophe, reason, emotion, and the opportunity for action, all coincide. The King stating convicted of treacherous murder ; Hamlet has but a few moments to live and so, with a clear conscience, he despatches the guilty wretch to his long-deferred doom. 