THE CLARKE DIVOROE OASE. ',; In tho hearing of this petition at. the Sydney Divorce Court on Thursday; the petitioner's case having closed, the "correspondent, made, a statement. He said that early in Aprilihis"'wife suddenly arousud him from sleep and said, that she saw a woman with long dark , hair in!: the room: She spoke in a creepy tone/and-; he jjot up and lit the gas. She persisted in'; her ' State ment next morning; ' She was sitting with ' hirii in the study, and went off into what appeared jto bo a dead faint. He called her by-name'several times before getting an answer. At length she answered in a voice which seened to come from afar. . : She said that sho did not know: him, and that sho was in the -.-spirit;- world/'- Up tofjthat time -Ho knew notliiiig about 'hypnotism. After that lie discovered that he"had a/certain powfer with regard . to her and notlfeo";anylkic|y''rils&/)||(9 found that almost at his wish; she, could; jgq joff into one of theso conditions. . She (hen took', to sloop-walking, and one night /he "fqurid /her' in her niglit-dress in theeometery weeping;' When lie' spoke to hoi- she said that,, a, beautiful girl was talking to ller and, had counselled her to, destroy herself.: .He. locked the, door, .of. her rooriijfbr lior own protection.- , He had been charged with insanity.- Whatever aberrations he might have hnd, he-. never, .recollected boating his wife/ or, making use of 'uiikind-w.ords towards ' her. I (On October 24th' ho was to the' Central Police Court; and commuted for' being insriiie, nll iiocause 'his- wife said lie had goiio into her, sistor'ri 'bedroo'm; Ho denied all tlie allogiitioiis nindd'/by his . wife/ and said that on the occasion when 'she': stated that he took her to ii paddock and rolled her. her on the grass.it was ho who . found, his wife' there naked: V He then ontered into a lengthy narrativo as to how ho caine to the Calinn-park Asylum by his motber-in law. ; : ; , Evidence was called- by the respondent ;to prove that his wife said that she saw ghosts, and Olarko addressed the- Court, which then ad- jourued-until, the next day: 