MEMS FROM. THE METROPOLIS. friioii ouh own ooKBsaro.vusyT.J Tueiduy. The coming dL.olutiou la tho principal topic of ccuver.atiun now in Sydney, On triday evening aud Saturday moruiug tho IJcau caio overshadowed everything, but now Beau is forgotten, and people arc only talking of th« elections. Already meetings re being hold in sor.se of tho euburbau constitu- encies. From all sc. ».unU thoro will bo a aovoro struDKls. It is marvellous now maoy nun imus they have tho capacl.y to fill tho Parliamentary bill, and that they ehould receive from a blcodiug couutry and a not over well liuod Treasury £300 a year. In Labour circles this is especially tho case, i'hey have no fault to fiul with the eittiug members, but their fellow-workers thluk that it is only fair the honour aud tho perquisites should be passod round. Mr. Raid Is recognising that he will not have an onuiviueu rreu iiu« ».«. election-that many of those who cleaved to hnn twelve months ago have fallen away. He has, therefore, played lor tho Labour support, aud no doubt lie will receive it. Xhli talk of the Solidarity Partv sinking the fiscal issue is pure moonshine. Thorq is uuly one wsy in which that could be logically doue, aud that is when any fiscal question arises tho members of the Party leaving the Chamber, and refusing U> vote. But tho Party have voted right through tide Parliament on Free Trado lines, and this is emphasising not sinking the fiseal issue. To retain this support is now Mr. IUid'a aim, and tho cooscquenco is that ho canoot jut induce very maoy Free Traders to follow him iti (.hit nnuraa lis la DUrauloff. From what can be made out— and things political just now are in aa inchoate stage— the situation is very mixed. The Free Trade camp is split up, aud tho Protectionism are quarrelMog arnoogst them selves. - Thoro are two parties io the latter army- one which believes In Sir George Dibbs and another which thinks it is useless to expect victory while he is commander-in-chief. Probably, before tho elections take place thero will bo a Bolter organi sation, and the diQerenccs which at present arc so marked will be composed. No matter to what side in politics a man may leau, if ho has instincts of fair play ho must Hko to boo a square fight. But 1 am ufraid wo shall in many Sydney aud suburban olootorates not havo this. '\ anity aud ambition will keep mon iu the field who have not a ghost of show, bub who will spoil tho chanoos of others. preparatory fa r 't tiV li Tbs b lu 1 1 o a will bo completed this weuk in Parliament, which will be prorogued probably ou Monday next. Tho dissolution proclamation will be immediately issued, and it is thought the election will take place about tho 9th or 10ih August. What the Issuo before tho oountry will bo is hard to say. Upper House reform caunot bo woll said to bo an issue. All aides In politics have long since agreed that the nomineo system is inconsistent with our constitution. Years since, Sir Henry Purkes passed a Bill through the Assembly obaoglog the constitution of the chamber and making it oioctive. Nearly every man who is_spokcn to about or who speaks of tho present ohainber says it must go, and. therefore, where there is soch a consensus of opinion, there can bo hardly fightiog. Mr. Ueid ays i there must be Upper House amendment. Mr George Dibbs agrees with him. go that, after all, to what end is this appeal. When ail is over, wo shall bad ourselves where we were, and have had all the moil and toll— all tho exponas and trouble of a general oleclion for nothing. There are some ardent democrats who prefer a nomineo chamber to an elective one. Not that th hp. particularly iu love with the principle, but they think such a House is likely to prove more accommo- dating than one getting its power direct from the people. They say that in the past tho Upper Hou.e has alway. backed down, but ifita member. Th'no ?ni m-k. » lot of trouble. Thoy will meet .11 ri.m.oda to give war bv Msortlng that aa they art aa elected body the lam. the Aaaombly, .hoy b.ve aa much right to itand by their guoi. Tho coontry, however, baa long been determined upon an .lectlvo Upper Hon..? and it might ee well come eoooer or later. Thnan "''J"1 Ind fault with the charge and wlah thing. had been allowed to remain aa thoy wore will b. th. gentlemen who are now n.oet urgently demaotling an oleotivo Uppor Uouso. George Dean ha. brca rcleaaed. While the majority of people do not begrudge bim bia liberty, there Is a very rcaneotable mlnn-:».: ...t.. thattheadimniatrrtionof juatlce haa been redely ? n l'i r " ,'Hr by tho »PPoiotm.Dt of a Hoyal In ubedlonce to popular olamour for disguise It how wo may thia la tho laot-a precedonl haa been eatabli.hed which will bo fraught with trouble in tho future Tho Government having given way onco will bend .gam, and there will Ee no finality. A man who haa been found guilty of an ofienoa bat only to havo eoough frlooda to aet an agitation on foot, and a Commlaaion la bound to be granted. Then, when It Bite, 'he only thing nooe.iarv to obtain tho rolea.o of the prisoner will be to throw any amount of mud on tho other eldc, Tho heart ol tho obarge may novor ba touched. Iu fact, In thi. Doun caao we havo an example of thia. It will only bo required to .how the wltna.a.a for the proacoution wore a ehuily lot, and the verdict of the jury will be revoracd. Thi. la really what will bo the out- co'n ."j- precedent whloh hae hecn established by an Inveterate Premier, who aa Mr Piloher put It duriog tho alttlog. of the Uommla.lon wo. more anxlon. to oave the life of, his Govern- mont than vindicate justice. A cablegram inform, ot that th now Governor. Viscount Hampden, will leavo England noxt October or November In the Austral. No mav ba expected hare in Oaoamber. Ho baa appointed Mr Gathorna Hardy aa hia Private Seoretary. and asked Captain Felldiog - who la cadot if the Denbigh ., ally to take the poaltioo of aided, wrap. Tho captain, it will bo ramamberad filled that poet in the Dud household. Ho la verv popular in Sydney. He I. a aeaeible, lavebbeadeS young fellow, who put. on very littlo frill or aide. He, ol eourio, haa certain chiracteriatica of tho British military iwell, but thoy are not .0 cm nounoed aa la other, who have been .Ide-dcoamn. at Sydney. Viscount Hampden la fairly well endowed with the woild's good., and It la oxpeoted SouTh wlta. H8' i1""1 lD ,M11 "n" '» South Wale.. Ho ha. arranged to entertain a regular seriea of English viaitora while ho I. here. A trip to Australia uuw hu no terror! foi the arl.toer.tlo globe-trotter, aud he take, with je.t as little concern aa a few year, when he wont oB on a aalmon fishing oxouraloo to Norway, or a yachting voyage on the Mediterranean. The teconcl Viaoount Hampden and 24th Baron Oaoro hu many titled friooda and ralativea who will ba glad to nlitvo thi ttfian, e| aziitfaq, bp , — — — — — — — — x that Botany Bay, which In the day. ol I their grand- fathore waa reaerved for thoeo who loft tho white ollflb of Albion for their oountry a good. Poor Sir Frederick Darloy in hie naiad days wa. a vory prououoced member of tho Evuogolcal leotioo of tho Choreh of England. But of late year, ho haa toned down con.iderably, much to tho diagu.t of those of hia oo-roligioolata who think » ma? I. not worth hi. aalt who Is not oontioually oirdlng at the Popo and hanging an unfortunate f-.nl. t In the eye! Ho hu tilled the opp ol hi. recalcitrancy by taking up Prior Vaogb.n, "d Miiitiug hia mioelon for tho hettarmant of the EoglUh mu.ee. Lady Darley by giving Govern- ment ilouoo to tho Prior u a meeting ground baa alio fallen nndor the ban of tho belliooae theo logian!. Hie Excellency and ble good wife havo bono prayod for vory frequently u well u cenoured protty broadly, hot, atrango to eay, thoy do not appear to feel very keenly their poeitioo. In faot, hto Excellency hu jaetilled hie notion, and eaya that ne tho repraaentativo of tho Queen ho koowa no religion, but la bound to aid la any good oanae, no mnttor what aro tho roligioua vlowa ol tho eubjeota of Hor Mojeety who ask hie nuietanoe. The rebuko will not hsvo muoh ouoot. Tho people who aro now abu.iog Sir Frodorlok Darloy aro ol tho eamo tomper u those who eoosnred Sir John Young, beoau.o on tho burning of St. Mary a ho ' attended a meotiug, exproiaed aymputby with tho Cntbollco, and deplored tho great calamity whloh had overtaken thorn. It waa rumoured In town on Saturday that Sir William Windoyor had, owlog to tho dooialon In tho Doan oaao, rc.ignod. Some believed the yarn, hut thoeo who thought looked upon It u ono of thcao ollly cannrdo which oooaaiooally disturb tho mlude ol the fooliah aud oauao the roflootive to laugh. Sir William hu not resigned, nor haa ba any intention of doing so. The report ox tho Com- inlaalouora, which by tho way la only n majority report, aigoed by tho doctors and disagreed with by tho lawyer, dooi not in any way reffeot upon 8ir William or fiod fault with tho trial. It merely eaya that tho additional evidence brought out elnoo tho trial io of auch a character aa to throw tho gravest doubts ou tho testimony which wa. mainly responsible for tho findlog ol tho jury. Tho full text of tho report is to be tabled la the Assembly this afternoon, and there is much curiosity to read It. No doubt, it will bo published iu the oveoiog papers. 