THE DISUNION OF CHRISTENDOM: ITS ROOT AND ITS REMEDY. A vEnY large congregation assembled in St. Saviour's Cathedral on Sunday evening last to hear the sermon of the Bishop, the Rlight Rev. Dr. Chalmors, on the above subject. His Lordlship took for his text Jeremiah vi., 16-" Thus saith theo Lord: Stand ye in thie ways, and see, and ask for the old paths, where is the good way, and walk therein; and ye shall find rest for your souls." He said: There is no need I should enlarge on the fact that the multitude of them who believe on the Lord Jesus Christ are no longer of one mind and heart and soul, welded to gether by one spirit in one communion and fellow ship; yet union is strength and disunion is weakness. The fulness of spiritual power which the Church of Christ would regain if its now divided sections wero reunited in one body and presented an unbroken front to the enemies of Christian faith has been well and truly stated by an eminent churchman of another comnmunion in a lecture lately delivered in Sydney. I agree with every word that he said on this sub ject. MIost of you have read what he said, and I will not repeat ift. As a matter of fact all candid and thoughtful Christians are of one mind with re gard to it. But will this blessed reunion ever be achieved ? God knows. If it it it will not be" by might, nor by power, but by Sty spirit, saith the Lord ofI Hosts." Let me endeavour to put before you what I have to say in an orderly nway. 1. My first point is that the Church of Christ is a visible society. Thie Son of God was made man notonly to offer an acceptable sacrifice for the sin of the world and to teach men all necessary truth, but to founda society, distinct from humanity at largo and based on the explicit confession of His name. This societoy He speaks of as "My Church," and he bestowed upon it the gift of visible continuity through a suae cession of men duly commissioned to be " stowards of the mysteries of God." " Lo, " He said, " I am with you ralway, even unto the end of the world." 2\. SIy next point is that this church in the purpose of its Divine Founder was not only to be a visible society brt a visible unity. On the night in which Heo was betrayed He prayed first for His ministers and then for all who in all ages should believe in Him through their word "that they all may be one, even ias Theou, Father, art in ife and linThee, that they also may be in Us : that the world may believe that Thou didst send Me." He prayed, you will perceive, not only for the unity of Christian believers but for a visible unity, au unity which the world could perceive: "That the world mary believe that Thou didst send Mo." No doubt in the churchet of the saints there has always been, from the day of Pentecost downwards, an essential spiritual unity. AllChristians are one in the profession of the one faith, in their adherence to the laws of the kingdom of heaven, above all in their organio union with their . Divine Lord and Head, Jesusr Christ. But this unity is invisible to the world, it is perceived only by faith. What Christ prayed for was an unity which the world might perceive and be thereby converted: " that the world may believe that Thou didst send sMe." It is the duty of the church, then, to seek aftor this visible unity, to show forth to the world, by the visible intercommunion of her various parts, that the is indeed " one body," through the in dwelling of the " one spirit." 3. My next point is the standpoint of the Church of Rome with regard to this visible unity. The Roman idea is that, by virtue of Christ's prayer to that effect, the church must always be one and always be visibly one. Not only its essential unity, but its visible unity, cannot be broken. I hold thin to be a mistake. It is a mistake, I say, to think that our Lord's prayer for visible unity is equiva lent to a promise that such visible unity should never fail. That it is a mistake is proved by the facts of the case. The final object of our Lord'n prayer was that the world might believe that the Father had sent Him. Has the world yet believed it? Not yet. Why not? Because the utity which should bring aloeut the world's conversion to faith has failed. When, by God's morcy, unity is restored the world will perceive it and confess Christ's name. nBut what the world sees at presrent is a divided Chlristendom, and thia missionalries of the cross among the rheathen anl elswheroe are taunted with its divisions. "Nay," rsays the Church of Rome, "it is not so. Clhristendomn is not divided. ]fxconununricated bodies, like Anglican heretics and Eastern schismatics, are out off from Christendom. Properly spealing Christendom is another name for 'the Catholic Church,' and the Catlholio Church is not divided, for owe are the Catholic Church." To this asisumption of theirs we reply by a statement of fact. Christendom is made usp of the nations of the baptized, and of those at least one-half are outside the com munion of Rome. What our Lord prayed for was a Christendom so visilly and completely united that its unity would be a sign to the heathen, and till this unity is attrhined His prayer arwaits fulfilment. 4\. The Church of Rome, we have seen, boasts of her unity, and calls it " Catholic" unity. Let us see of whnit sort it is. It is a mechanical unity, a despotic unity, the unity of an earthly kingdom under a Czar. An unity which consists in obedience to one visible head is such an unity as thIe kingdoms of this world possess, and maintain by policy and force. It is an unity of rigid discipline, of enforced acqui escence, not an unity of active, intelligent consent of mind and soul and heart ; uor does it convince gainsayers. 5. I turn to the holy scriptures. Is the unity manifest in the Church of Rome the kIind of unity we road of theroe ? I thiunk not. The unity which the New Testament sets forth as the unity of the primitive Apostolie Churchis " thire unity of the spirit in the bond of peace," an unity which boumd together independent and widely-separated chulrches in the Apostles' fellowship under an iuvisiblo Head. This unity was indeed a sign to the heathen. " See," they said, " how theso Christilans love one another," and they confessed tleatGod waswith thern of a truth. With this Noew Testament unity con trast Roman unity. The Now Testament ideal of unity embraces all who in all lhnds are built up on the foundation of apostles and prophets, having no visible Head, but an invirible Head, even Jesus Christ. The Roman conception is local and limited, narrowed down to those Christians who aire in communion with osly one of thIe five Patriarchal sees of Christendom, and who acknowledge its Bishop as their supreme Pontiff. It has removed the Church from its ancient four-square foundation of apostles and prophets and set it on thire pinnacle of one man only, one sole ruler and judge. Of old it was the apostolic twelve in solemn council who could say of their decrees " It seemed good to thire Holy Ghost and to us." Now, according to Rome, it is one man only who is the rook of faith and the eaorament of the Church's unity, and thie voice of that one is alleged to be the organ of the Holy Ghost, infallible in all thiugs which relate to faith and morals. Primitive Christian unity was unity in thie fellowship of thle apostolic episcopate; Roman unity is unity in the fellow ship of one Pope. . We harve seen then that our Lord Jesus Christ founded a visible organic society, and that the Roman Church, to the exclusion of every other Christian communion, declares herself to be that society, the one true representative of the Christian religion, " the fulness of Him that filleth all in all." This is " the Romnan claim." In order to appraise its value let us look at some of the consequences which have followed from it-(l) There was a period in the history of the Church, the first five oeturies or more, when thire Church was visibly one, united under the leadership of the four groat Patriarchal sees of RIome, Con stantinoplo, Antioch, and Alexandria. Rome took the first place, because it was founded by apostles and had its. home in the ancient capital of the empire. Constanrtinople came next, because it weas " now Rome," the now capital of the empire, as was decreed by the eautlority of the fourth general council held at Chalcedon A.n. 451. Between these two chief sees of Christendom, severally represeuting the west and the east, rivalry, jealousy, variance, and strife arose aud prevailed till, in the olovenouth century, evil passion culminated in mutual anathema and final separation. I have no desire to become the apologist of thire eastern as against tie we'stern Clunreh. T'hle worldly, " snoky" pride inied aulbition f er elh helped to roend ir twaiu the Body of Christ. Wheld I want to point out is thart thIe, denial of thie " Rorman claim" ldid niot begin with the ltoforeaation of the sixteenthl century. It was the battlo-ground of thelong colfliot betwceen east and wonest from the fifth cenutury down to the eloeventh, aud is the main cause of tlheeir present separatioen. Take away that, and the otrher dilfereuces between them might no doubt be overcome. But so long as the Roman claim is what it' is so long will the eastern churches stand aloof. It is the "m rot" of the dislunioun of Christendomu. (2) A second consequence of "the Itoman claim " was the Reformation of the six teenth century. Enen candid Romanists admit that it was the dogadcd and corrupt condition of tihe western church which, in at great measure, brought the Reformation about. SIrn had been taught and they believed that the churchl which acknowledged the headship of thfe Roman bishop was the one visible kingdom of Christ upon thre earth. Stag gored and amazeurd at the laxity of noranls and siliritmul wickednces which prevailed ir its highl pilaces, a reaction argainst the very idea of a visible church set in. ?ee could not believo that'a church so corrupt, could le the Brido of thie Lnamb. The religions mintd of lIurope revolted from the iheeghit. It might owell be so. Ite wheo hlad been brraptised iato hler conmmenion and had miristererl at her a!turs reviled ler ais " aspotato," end detnounced her head as "antichrist." In spite of the seltishness, iutoleranoc, and robbery which disgraced the Reformation, they caet in their lot witrh it and laid down their lives by fire and sword for its sako. Out of two evils they choso the less. So far as wo can reduce the Reformation to area guiding principle it was ai revolt agrainst the Itomuur eluin. T'lits was its originatlerr cause. Ien denied the Churchl in order to savre Christian faith and Christian morality. They gave inp trhe idea of one visibole church as any. part of thle origiual stheioe.oi Christianity. ChristCUendom was rgain split up, but thiis time not into east and: pest: the west itself was divided and broken up into in numerable sects. (3) Again, 'it is this same "Romon claim" which stahds to-day as the most insuperable barrier to the reunion of Christendom. How can we believo that the Roman Church is- the one visible society founded by'Clirist, the solo depositary and guardian of " the faith one for all delivered to thie ssints," when, during the last three hundred years, she has added noew articles of faith to the ancient creed of the Church, and declares these novelties to be part of " tile true Catholic faith out of which none can beo saved?" Within the last fiftyyears two new dogmas have been formslated-that of the papal infallibility and thlat of the immaculate conception of our Lord's mother. Of the former I will only say tlht one of thie most leansed and able champions of the Roman Church some two hIsndrled years ago denounced it asa-what do you think ?--a Protestant fiction. On the Roman worlship of the Blessed Virgil Mary I shosld lilkeo to speak more fully. We hlave been recently told that " such manifestations of religious devotion are the fulfilment of the words of prophecy which, inspired by the IIoly Ghost, shle hierself pro nounced: 'Behlold from henceforthl all generations shall call me blessed.' " But is there no distiction I would ask between calling tlhe holiest of women " blessed" and conatituting her an object of eor ship? The Church of EEnglan hlis alrays called her "blessed;" but we bear in mind th6 solemn pro hibition of God's own angel against worship addressed to any created intelligence, however pere and exalted-" See thou do it not; worship God" (Rov. xxii, 9). Is there no distinction between calling St. Mary "blessed" 'nd exalting hler to the throne of the oeverlasting Godhead as " the comple ment of the Holy Trinity;" between calling her " blessed" and affirming that " God is subject to the command of Mary;" between calling her " blessed" and affnning that "it is impossible for any to be saved who neglects devotion to the Blessed Virgin ?" There are Roman writers nowa days who speakl of " the deification' of St. Mary." Have they, then, received a now revelation which abrogates the old, and nullifies the primary canon of all true religion in every age--"Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and Him only shalt thou serve ?" We are told again that devotion to the Blessed Virgin safeguards the doctrine of the Incarnation. How came it to pass, I wosld ask, that in the days of the lirst councils which defined and safegunrded that doctrine for over, slch devotion as the Roman Church now offers to St. Matry nowhere existed in the Catholic Church? The law of tbhe ago of the councils is found in the words, "Let Mary be honoured, let Christ be worshipped." Safeguards the doctrine of the incarnation! It tends rather to destroy it. If the humanity whichl thie Son of God took from His holy mother be not that nature which she inherited from Adam, but another nature created by God's power to exist under new con ditions of original purity, then His brotherhood with us is at an end. He took not on Him "the seed of Abraham." No, it is not those who reject, but those who aecept, this dogma of the immaculate conception that are "on the high road to the denial of the great doctrine of the Incarnation." It is by these and other corrupt novelties iu doctrine that reunion seems to be made impossible. This "deifi cation" of St. Mary in particular is one of at least two impassable barriers for which the Church of Rome is solely responsible. It may be regarded as a culminating point of thatL "Roman claim" which, as in the past so to-day, is the root of the disunion of Christendom. 7. Is there any "remedy?" This is my last point. If the Church of England stood alone iu her rejection of the " Roman claim " it might be thought that our insular conceit nwas leading us astray. Bet blot out the Church of England, blot out Protestantism from Christeendomn, and the protest of one hundred mil lions of Christian people holding the Catholic faith weould still remain. From the first the orthodox chlurches of the east have always rejected this claim, and thor reject it to-day. Apart altogether from the reformed comnmunions of Europe, America, and England, one-third part of Christendom declares it, and always has declared it, to be a fictitious claim. In our dea:lings with Rome on the question of re union the stcand taken by thie eastern churches is of the highest importance. The position they main talin embodies the principle of independent national chulrches, federated together in the, unity of c comnmon faith and discipline, the very principle for which the English Church has for three centuries been contending. It opens our eyes, moreover, to the worthlessness of the Roman claim to be " the Catholic Church." That claim sinks to its true proportions when we see her overshadowed by a church smore ancient than herself which has never acknowledged it, and regards it, even as we do, as the smain cause of the divisions of Chlritaudoms. Some time before the meeting of the Vatican Council of 1870 the Roman Pope sent envoys to the Patriarch of Constantinople, inviting him to aittend it. The Patriarch replied at some length and dealt with the questions at issue between the Roman Church and the churches of the east. Let mb quote from his words-" The most successfal and least irritating method (he said) of solving such questions is the his torical method. Since it is manifest that there was a church in existence ten centuries bIck which hesld the same doctrines in the east as in the west, lot us each recur to that and see which of us has added aught, which has diminished aught therefrom, and let all that may have been added be struck otf, if any thiere be and whatever it be, and let that which has been diminished therefrom be re-added, it any tlero be andwhatever it be; and then we shall all unawares find ourseolves united in the same symbol of Catholio orthodoxy, from whichl Rome, in the latter centuries having strayed, tbkes pleasure in widening theb breach by ever-new doctrnes and institutions at variance with holy tradition." . . .. " We cannot (ho eontinues), so long' as thie Church of the Saviour is on' tbhe earth, admit (I) That there is in the Chiurch of Christ any bishop that is supreme ruler and head other than the Lord; or (2) that there is any patriarch infallible or unerring. when spealing cx cathedra and above (Ecumenical Councils, in which latter there is infsllibility when they are in accordance with scripture and ihpostolio tradition ; or (3) that the Apostles were unequal, in contempt of the Holy Ghost weichi enlightened them all equally; or (4) that this or that patriarch or pope had pre eminence of seat, not by human and synodnl arrangement, but (as Rome asserts) by divine right." In the interests of re-union you will be glhd to notice, dear brothren, how thi principles he affirms are in exact accordance with the principles of the Church of England. What he seeks for is mutual agreemnent on the basis of the ancient undivided church. And herein, I believe, lies the remedy, the only possible remedy, for present disension, the one only remedy whichi thie nature of the case admits. His appeal, I say, like ithat of the Church of England, is to Holy Scripturo and the doctrine and practice of the primitive Apostolio Church: " Since it is manifest (ho says) that there was once a church, one and" undivided, which held the same doctrines in the east as in the west, lot us recer to that." Hero, then, we havepointed out to us the "remedy" which can alone heal the breaches of Zion. We mnust accept as a common court ofap peal the creeds and institutions and usages of Christendom when it was at unity in itself. If there is to bhe any rounion of Christendom it canonly be on the basis of these. From these we must all start afresh. Wo mast, in short, give earnest heed to the exhortation of our text -" Thus saith the Lord: Stand ye in theb ways, and see, and ask for the old paths, where is theb good way, and wcalk therein, sand yo shalcl find rest for your souls." " I die," said our own saintly Bllishop lieu, " in the faith of the Church of Christ before the division of east and west." If all Christians would be con tent to live in this faith the warfare of the churches would cease. Of course, in such a ease, all churches and denominations would have to make concessions, would have to surrender something they have long cherished. WeYo have all added more or loss to the ancient credeada. The Roman Ohurch weaould have to give up the additions to the Niceno Creed which are found in the crocedof Pope Plus IV, the Church. of Ehglaned would have to give sp her 39 articles, the Lutherans their Augsburgb Confaession, thie Prosbyteriauns their Wolestihister Confession, and so on. To-day all cluerhes snd denolinatlions, with l few insigelifieant exceptions, adheres to ro teach ing of lthe Nicoeno Creed. Iueplicitly, if not formally, they also nsopt tihe doctrinal definitions of the earlier concils. iHere, then, we have a basis of agreoment, perhaps the only possible basis, and in such agreement we should reach a simplicity'of creed rwhichi would not only make union more easy, butfalith itself morn whole seone. Now I mast end. I have endeavoured to-night to set before you "The disunion of Christendonm, its root and its remedy." The restoration of unity, oven on suchn a basis as has beesn uggeited, is, I fear, a farsoff prospect. Let us islt God 'foi it. In our private and family de votions lot our prayer be daily, "Grant, Lord, unto Thy Chluroh thaIt uuity and peace which are accord leeg to Thy wil." Unless prayer opens the nay nothig ill. It was on a brotherhood suittd in prayer that the Holy Spirit eamo down st thie first. MIay the same Holy Spirit inspire us to see what an united Christianity would be to thl world and to ourdsOlves. Ths voice of ~our -ow Archbishop of Canterbury is one with the voice of .the head of the Romanu Communion in bidding us " ask" that we mayv "receive." On the montnaintop of the hlighest heaveus tic One High Priest uud Universal Bishop of Souls makesl intercession also to the same end. Ho repeals to-dey in glory the n amprSyer whcleh rose fromn His lovineg IeaLrt on tle night of His Passiona-" That they all may ie one, oven as 'l'hou, Pather, art in Me and I in Tileo, that they also eay be in Us, that the wvrldl meay believe that Thou didst send Ho." May Ho fulfil it in His time. Amen. 