'??? I II I HIllllHlrtMM '?? ... -. 'i ;,, outturn THURSDAY. AUGUST 22. 18H5. In Tuesday's issue the discussion on Mr Fenton'a motion for the second reading of the Waratab-Zeelian Rail way Bill was briefly reviewed, and we asserted that as die Government could not construct the line it would be beneficial to Tasmania if a Bill was passed to enable the V.D.L. Company to carry out the work ' on fair terms.' Those who have made themselves acquainted with all the details of the company's proposals, and calmly and dispassionately con sidered the subject from every stand point, will experience & feeling of satisfaction if they very soon receive news that the Bill has passed through all its stages, and that the company was authorised by Parliament to proceed with the work without* delay. Tbe fairaeis of the concessions asked for by the company, on the whole, can hardly be questioned, and all matters of detail to provide for the -rotection of the country's interests in the event of the failure of the com pany to carry out their contract may afely be left for adjustment in the bands of those gentlemen who wiH have to deal with the Bill in com mittee. It is very certain the con otroction of the line would mean the opening up of valuable land now yielding nothing to the revenue, and give hardy prospectors and miners an opportunity to unearth hidden treasures which wauid not only eurich themselves, but speedily give relief to the depleted Treasury, and cause a wave of prosperity to sweep over the colony. The proposals of the V.D.L. Company are strictly businesslike, and those who are opposed to the scheme, it is to be feared, are cither actuated by selfish motives, or are so afflicted with mono-mania over the public estate that anything like a land grant acts upon them as the idea of a ghost or bdgey acts upon children. The Treasurer's remarks in the debate on the motion for the second reading of the Bill will meet with general approval, but Mr Mulcahy'e ' utter ances will, we think, be disappointing to his friends. He evidently felt he had to takV part in tbe debate, as a matter of duty, but his Fpeecb bad sueh a ' Bun with the hare and hunt with the houod»' style about it that hit reputation as a politician is pot likely to be improved by it. The AnatA**}-! -nf Ana ?nomtfuu* t^iXw T\r\%b*%*\\\ ?n/v«vu v- vu« luviuw&f; i awx* a/yuovui may surprise, but it srill certainly please many. UrDobsoa said 'be waa agreeably surprised at the very moderate terms asked for by the pro moters, and these bad been the means of converting him from the position he had takes up for himself in con ee-|aenee-of the land, grant system obtaining in other pads of Australia. If tie construction of the railway should be the means of enhancing the valne of tbe existing line to Wanted, then so much the better.' It is to be hoped others will speedily be con vinced of the desirability of allowing the VD.L. Company to construct the line, acd in Mr Dobsonb mattly way, auttit they are prepared to support a scheme they once opposed, after being converted by hard uicte and figures. 