Original Novelette- •. l T H E — loyal. George Beef, (An Australian Tale. [ALL EIGHTS EKBHEVED.J ! V.—(COOTDTOBD. ) BYPAUL TWYFORD. ll was of no avail, for the rain and wind |ii .i!»!iM prevented the sound of their voices heard. Clearly, the boy didn't like libio'-), or, perhaps, the proffered fare wi j..; i-onsidered good enough. She prevailed h.U'.ver, and tie lad rowed bravely out into I iie stream ; he handled his paddles well, but I ju.-t then a huge, uprooted tree swept round Itlit bend, and before he could slew the boaf.- Iluiil, it waa fairly on top of them, and for II roment, woman, boy and boat disappeared | from view. Ja' k's attention had been riveted on th" I rnieu, and both he and fred hurried round I to iho point nearest where the boat must Thus when- the boat was struck jlliej were nearly opposite her. Jack im- Imrfiittelr divested himself of his boots and Imacintosh, and sprang into the rushin; 1 Tutors. He swam for the woman whoso Iiitliiug was supporting her; the boy clung, I a 'Jie boat, which was soon carried into the I rinr. Frtd had also thrown off his outer I »r;iients and boots, and ran along the bank I us far as he could in order to intercept.the |Iranian should she be carried into the river; 1 as be stood on a low point of land be l ; ! l I Iran river and gulley, he was in an excel- [ lent position to jdo so, unless the swirl of the I current took her over -towards Ei verview. I Hid there been a boat Fred would hav I aTailed himself of it and gone to his friend': K-i-tance; but as there was not he waited to see liow matters would turn out. Unfortun- Ijtelj" for Jack, when "almost witliin reach of I the stiil. floating woman, who seemed to be j her hands as in swimming, a large | cedar log came rolling down on him and I tore him under. It was then Fred threw I himself into the Btream and struck out for I hi? friend, who lie feared was seriously in- I jnred. The woman had by this time been I a ried into the river, and before Fred could | reach his friend he also was carried into tbe i stream. Before many seconds had d Fred had grasped his friend's hair | mi so held him above water. 1 Fred had well considered the situatioB, I f'uhe saw that the woman, whom he had l I HBgnised, was not in immediate - danger, supported as she was by a waterproof garment, I irbich bad become inflated and acted like a j talloon, while Jack was helpless. It had not I taken him long to decide: Jack had once atfrendered this woman to him, and now he muld save him for her. It was nobly nought and coolly acted upon; for his theory m quite correct: Jack would have drowned I only for him, - while Mrs. Attewell—for she iinas—was saved by another person, who " also been an eye witness of the whole I occurrence. : VL. ; 'Softly, softly,—hold her in—let her daoken in her pace; She'll do the pilot's bidding with a greyhound's gentle grace.* It was Kate Sobey that saved Lily Attertrell. She had seen the two Wen on the high bank above Riverview, and was curious- to Mow who they were, and what they were Witching «o intently—for, from her position, ehe had not teen her friend's embarkation— in fact she had not the remotest idea that Sirs. Attewell would return from Penrith, whither she had gone tbe day before, while the waters were still rising. The actions of the two men being peculiar, and seeing botli Sirow ofF their water proof coats and run 3own towards the gulley. She had walked to .the brow of the hill, and "from there saw fta boat, with the boy still obliging to it, shoot out into the river, and while running Jown to her own little skiff with the intention of putting off to his rescue, it occurred to her that tome one else might have' been with him. In the brief interval that elapsed between Kate's reaching, her boat and the boy passing her, Mrs. Attewell had bees swept into the i*ver, buoyed up, as already described, by,her clothing; and Kato at once rowed away *.nto the stream and intercepted her for the boit was nearly a hundred yards below the 'mou^h of the gulley. She believed the boy would be -picked up by some one lower dovra—at wny rate, ie had the boat to hold on to, while ber friend's' buoyant clothing might collapse -at any moment. Saving towed jack ashore a few yards helow Biverview, where 'some of the servants were waiting, and telliria' them to carry his friend up to the house", "Fted: .again took to the water t" assist ; Mi8B : ESlSey,!who he knew could not, Very well holclJHer 'friend up tod manajge her, ekifitooi.''She had,-by a clever movement, grappad Mrs. Attewell's dress, and 'with tile flther hand pulled the boat into calmer water, just as Fred like a huge Newfoundland dog, was'towing -Jack ashore. She was glad tosee him enter the wafer again and swim towards theboaf' which was drifting down, stream? : Telling her tt"'pull into -slack water. near the bank, which was sheltered "by the foist upon "which tita haoas ' ported Mrs , Attowell with ono arm and held on to the skiff with the other, anl-in this inanrfer they were towed ashore. Sirs. Attewell had fainted upon being resoui.il by Miss Roboy, and whoa Fred iit'ied her out of the water and laid her upon the bank, she looked deadly pale, and ie bent over her and kissed her, at the same time calling her byname., Kate stare! at this big handsome fellow kneeling by her friend aud using such endearing terms as 'dear Mrs. Attewe 1 !,* and .she wondered who he could be. Sbe certainiy did not recognize him as Fred Morley. How could she, in - the plight he was in ? Besides, he was fully three inches taller than when he left home, broad in proportion and bearded liko -a pard. No, she had no idea who he was, and she queried: ' You know the lady, siri, | Will you kindly carry her up. to the house? She is my friend. ,. . Ho-v can I thank you ? Poor Fred ! what a, fix to be in. Hero was his old sweetheart as lovely to look upon as she was ten years ago—aye, lovelier, for now she was a matured woman; and she did not know him! . Here,. too, was another woman he had said he , lovod, but whom he had left to lier fa'e in ordor to save his friend. Thought* revolve rapidlr, and one can act while one thinks. And thus our st.-ilwart Australian had lifted the lovoly Englishwoman in .bis ann-t iis if sbe were a child, much to the admiration of Miss Robey. who, though she did not, recognize her old sweetheart, was certainly much impressed with his manly form and bind some face. ' I hope your friend is not seriouely hurt, 1 she (inquired. ' I will send for a medical man at once. There happens to bo one residing at Castlereasrh, and if he is at home he will be here shortly..' 11 am afraid he is hurt, even if he is not drowned. He was liko a log when I landed him, though he was alive. You cay this lady is a visitor at your house ?' '. T® 9 she went to Penrith yesterday on important business, intending to go' on to Sydney ; and by her returning so soon was evidently anxious to see me, or I am sure she would not have ventured in that wretohed boat.' ' How about the boy ?' asked Fred. Oh, he's safe ; I saw some people lower down pick him up. We shall hear of him to-night, no-doubt. Here we are. , Kindlycarry the lady into this room. . . Thank you, I can manage now. Pray go and attend to your friend. My people will get any thing you may require. Consider me your debtor and this your home, pro tem, at any rate.' And she called a servant to show Fred to where. Jack lay in rather a sorry plight. The poor fellow was nearly drowned, his left arm «as broken and other injuries sustained. Happily Miss Robey's servants were intelligent peoplo, and they had taken proper mea-sures to resuscitate the young Englishman. Thus when Fred entered the room ho was gladly surprised to see his old chum smile—it was the ghost of a smile, though — aud extend his hand. ' Is she safe ?' he asked. ' Yes, old chap ; I had no fear of her from the first, though I was afraid that cursed l"g had done for you. You know who nhe is ' Yes, I recognized her when she stepped iuto the boat. Thank God she's alive! Tell rae all about- it—who saved her ? But for God's sake, old man, get out of those wet duds.' 'Well, I think I will-that is, if I can find anything to fit me in this old rookery." And Fred sallied forth with an old male servitor to the * master's' room, where some fair sized garments were placed at his disposal. Having thus added to his comfort - if not his appearance—Fred went back to hi? friend and told him all that had occurred from the time of the log rolling over him. Then a servant announced that Miss Robev had sent to know ' how the gentleman was/ and Fred thought be might as well convey the answer himself. He found Miss Robey very comfortably seated in a large easy chair neara cheerful fire, burning on a wide, open, old-fashioned hearth. The room was the picture of comfort and elegance; it was the lady's i own sitting room, and she looked as lovely as woman could look in a loose robe of some 6oft woollen, material, which clung to her'supple form and revealed her fine proportions to the. very best advantage. Not so Fred; for though Robey ' pere' was a stout man he -was not near so tall as Fred, who felt rather uncomfortable in appearing thus before his lady-love after so long a separation. By this it will be seen that Fred Morley was no longer a clod; ten years of ronghing.it had polished him considerably, for his associates had often been men of education and who had lived in the great worlds of London and Paris. But though he felt that ' She was a king's daughter And he only a Viking,' sbe thought ! him the noblest looking of his sex that she had seen for many a year—since, In fact, some one went &wny; in a hurry and had not yet returned. And she sighed a' deep sigh as she thought that Fred Morley might now be just such another as this fine fellow before her—albeit looking rather " outre' in her papa's suit of tweed—for she thought, him ' Beautiful as morning, Like the sun at Easter.' While he ' never yet had seen ' One so beautiful of mien.' And well might both be compared to Olaf, Astrid's son, and the beautiful spouse of King Buridaf, whom Olaf loved. Kate did not rise, but pointed to a chair near the bright wood fire. * I did not Wish you to leave your friend," she said. ' Please sit near the fire; -y6u canhardly have got over your long swim. I was anxious to hear how,he was, and so Was Mrs. Attewell/ ' And how is that lady ?' asked Frod. ' Well, she is, I think, quite well; but it is better that she remain where she is until to- morrow.* ' Hut how about your friend, Mr. Blandy <" interjected Fred, seeing that she halted. •Mr. Blandy? What a nice name! I must go and tell Mrs. Attewell. And yours ?' Fred sprang to his feet, as she rose, and grasped her hand—rather ruddy, it might seem—but then he was no carpet knight, but a man of action and impulse, * And do you mean to say, Kate, that you do not know me, and have not known me— Fred Morley—all along ?' 'Fred Morley! Is it possible that you are that headstrong youth come to life again ? Why, we all thought you were dead or had married a squatter's daughter up country somewhere.* ' It is quite possible. And now, Kate, let me, here at once—even though we be strangers for ever after—apologise for my wilful, rudeness, and altogether indefensible conduct ten years ago.' ' Poor Fred! somehow I half suspected that the big, fair giant I saw kneeling by Mrs. Atte well's side in a most lover-like attitude, was some one I had seen before. And now, Fred Morley, can you give me a good account of-yonrsdf for the whole ten years you have been rambling liko, I suppose, the proverbial lolling stone. Ton -see, Iamsan bid woman, and you, are—well, ra\ verj rough, clumsy man,* and die laughed iheaxtily.' Fred felt uncomfortable. This splendid' woman, he thought, Tffas worth a dozen such' as he. Yet if she was to he won et all he'd win her—always provided the Royal George turned out well. - 4 Sit down, Miss Robey, and I will tell jou all.' ' It will be a long yarn, I expect; so I had better go and see Mrs. Attewell. I will be back in a few -minutes, so don't go away ; iand -while we are having-dinner- you ,oan tell me the story of < your ten years' adventures.' And she passed outof the door with a very merry expression s her .beautiful: &ce.; : Whoh Kate retumedi: 'Fred beggbil tr. > ^ not tovorder 'dinner 'on' -his • -account; uo'. wantod*i6thmsr : but would rather sit there "by tbe fire in tlie half-larke-i.M room—for it was now getting Isie in <tho iday.—and tell her both his own and Jack's adventures. 'No, that-will never do;* she said, 'we. must eat, you know—such ;people as big as you and I—or else (we wotild come to grief. I'll .order tlio:n to bring the dinner in here, so that you needn't shift -from the fire. Your friend, and- mine, are invalids, and unless the "doctor comes we shall not bedisturbed.' VII. ' Now I look back— Dimly my thought defines; , I only see a droam within'a dream.* * It was a long yaw, that Fred had to spin; "and he kept:baok: nothing.; The dinner wus unconscionably long, the servants thought ; and speculation was rife as to. who the big man was that . was -dininir- with Miss Kate.: •Anyhow, -Fred's long ' narrative pleased Kate immensely ; and without knowing it; they were repeating Shakespeare. . For when be ' Spoke of most disastrous chances, Of moving accidents by flood and field, Of hair-breadth escapes' Kite's eyes glistened, and her strong, white hands "worked nervously together. ' Sbe swore, in faitb, 'twas strange, 'twas passing strange, 'Twas pitiful, 'twas wondrous pitiful ;' Aind . ' Yet ehe wished That heaven had made her such a man.' Anyhow, it ended by Miss Robey forgiving her recreant knight, and allowing him to call her • Kate;' . aud, really, sho seemed as friendly and jolly-as if those ten long years had been months; though Fred :sighed when he reflected that he had lost (ten yeans of happiness, which nothing would ..compensate for. ; 'And so you really thought youlovedMra. Attewell? Poor fellow! What Jimces you men are. You .think you are po clever, too. Why, we poor women can see through you as if you were made of glass, you are so trans parent. Why, Lilly is dying for love of your friend. She told me all. about the sad affair.at the Cudgegong, and about you.and Mr. Blandy; though strange to say, she never named either of you. Do you think Blandy .still loves her ?' 'Love her? Yes, fondly as I love Kate Robey.' 'Oh, fie! and yet you tell me this after confessing to me that yon loved Lily Attewell. What am I to think of you ?' ' Spare me, Kate ; I said I fancied I loved her. Besides, how was I to know how you were disposed towards me, or whether you were engaged to some other man ?' ' Poor reasoning that, Master Fred. How was I to know how you. were disposed towards me? And yet you fiod me at the end of ten long—very long to mo—years a spinster, free and heart-wholo.' ' Free no longer,' said Fred, catching her in his arms and kissing her as she had never been kissed before, * but mine from this day for ever.' We won't discuss the situation now, if you please. .. . But about poor Blandy? You believe, he loves Mrs., Attewell, and would many her if she'd consent P ' Gladly, I'm sure—though, like myself, lie is hardly ready to take unto himself a. :wife—that is, to make an offer of marriage :until he is in a better financial position. We have both great expectations, and if they are realized we shall be able to speak out with more certainty.' 'You must estimate us women very meanly. You know that was the rock upon which you wrecked yourself ten years ago. Let's hear no more of such rubbish ! Mrs. Attewell is now a wealthy woman, and it was no fault of hers that she was not Mrs. Blandy years ago. Had your friend returned to England, or eveu written to her, she would have readily atoned for her fault, which, after all, was a mere girlish whim/ • - 'Poor Jack,' ejaculated Rred, 'like myself hp blundered.' •Blundered? I should think so. Why yon are such blunderers that the . wonder is how you get through the world at all without us women—in fact you oan't, and you know it.' Granted, dear ; hut have yon known Mrs. Attewell long.?' 'Yes, she came here some four years ago and acted as governess to the children. It •was from ,our place in Sydney that she was married to Mr. Attewell—a friend of my father's. He was a widower and was verykind to her, and as she despaired of meeting Jack again, die accepted Mr. Attewell's offer of marriage. • They were on their honeymoon tour when he was drowned. It was very sad; but, naturally enough, the blow was not a lasting one, though I doubt whether she would marry again—unless, perhaps, your friend renews his old suit. I hope he will.' 'Amen to that!' said Fred, 'for Jack Blandy is as good a man as ever breathed.* 'Your recommendation'should go a-long way,' said Kate, -smiling and giving himi her hand, which he kissed with becoming' gravity, as die sailed out of the room to have a chat with her friend, while .Fred interviewed one of the man sen-ants order to get a message conveyed to the farm to let the old people, know where they were. And then he found his way to Jack's bedside, . and . was apologizing for his long. Absence,.and stating the! oiuse of it, when the doctor was announced. He had been away to Sydney,' and had ^d quite a hazardous journey, home,; and stall" worse in driving from Castlei-eagh to Riverview. He found that Jack's . arm' had been fairly well set by the old, steward and as it was, but a simple • fracture he did not apprehend any danger from that. .'There were several rather ugly • bruises about poor Jack's body, including a couple of fraotured ribs, which would necessitate a lengthy spell of rest. Having enjnyod his little joke -as m"st middle-aged medical practitioners do at the expense of young folks — about the romance of the affair, he hurried off to see Mrs. Attewell, and also to pay his respects to 'Lady Bountiful,'as he was pleased to call Miss Robey. (To BE CONTINUED.) 