Of course X called on I reckon every humorist in Adelaide did the same ^king, and l wa8n't going to be leftoutin thecold. 3o I had my hat blocked and my clothes brushed, and hastily swallowing a cough lozenge had myself announced at the American's hotel. Will you believe it, he didn't know me. " Who the devil is he V I heard him remark to the supercilious waiter. However I was not to be denied, and knocking the waiter down with my umbrella I forced myself into the sacred presence. •' Ha! Mark !" I exclaimed airily. ** -Sou pretend not to know me. Why, I^met you in Sacramento five-and-thirty years ago." The veteran growled out some thing which sounded like '' You're a liar," but he might merely have been alluding to our charming" Northern township—Eurelia; so taking no notice of the observation, I dropped into a seat and said— " Well, Mark, and how has this world been using you ?" He glared for a moment or two, and then asked savagely, "How many of you are there T' f r ''WhatI Humon^ I put in. " Oh, my dear old jumping frog, our name is legion. Every second man in Adelaide is a humorist. In the first ph^ you have had the men from the d«^iesr~well, I wont say anything aboutthem. Then you have had Mr. Yice-Consul Murpby and Mr. Com missioner Jenkins/natives of your own great countiy. How do they strike you as humorists ? You needn't] trouble to tbrow tbat book, Mark. I'm very good at dodging; in fact I play forward in one of our football clubs. Then there's Henry Bartlett, M.P. He's a joker of the first water. You might to meet him. I'm sorry that Bbwley Bees is away in West Aus tralia. Perhaps Major Castine might take his place. Only he's a trifle verbose. Yes ; it is a little dry. May I enquire the nature of the beverage you are imbibing " That's a cocktail, sir, of my own >» " Ah ! And its ingredients V " Cayenne pepper, bush rum, and Worcester sauce. I keep it for visiting bores. Will you try a toothful V "Not just at present, thank you. Let me first ask you what you think of Adelaide ?' At'that moment there seemed to be an earthquake shock. The room ap peared to rock violently from side to side, Mark Twain towered over me like a veritable giant, I felt myself being impelled by an irresistible force through a doorway, and as in a dream t heard someone say—■ • "Put him in the dustbin." Sure enough, when I came to my senses a quarter of an hbur after wards I did find myself in the dust bin, and it seemed to me that the ghosts of Hugh Kalyptus, Ab-Original, andotherlocal ing at me In a most Luckily Ihadkept a firm grip on my manuscript, and so, Quiz, you will be able fco place before your leadens an absolutely original interview with the great American humorist. In consequence of a dispute I had with Policeman No 899, in ^lich he Mdl culously accuses me of having done some hurt to his uniform, myaddress for the next few days will becare John Howell, Esq., poet and gaoler, River Torrens, \ , At all events you will see that I have carried out your instructions, and I trust that you, Quiz, may be equally fortunate when you come to call on Mark^ Twain. 