THE MENACING EYE. A Short Detective Story. CHAPTER I. NOT LIKE OTHER GHOSTS. "I believe you're a ghost-hunter," said Nick Carter, the famous detective, as we lit our cigars after luncheon. " You know It," was my reply. " I'd rather see a ghost than any live man on earth. But, somehow, I don't have any luck." " Here's a chance for you. It's a case I've been asked to take, and I positively haven't the time." " What are the facts ? " " Edward Hamilton, son and heir of the late Robert Hamilton, who, by the way, was a highly cultivated gentleman, and at the same time a crank of the first water - is having a lot of trouble in his father's house at Wantagh, on Long Island. " He and his wife inherited most of the money, I believe. There was another son, but he seems to have been left. Mr and Mrs Hamilton are living in the house where the old man died. It seems that the wife has been suddenly stricken by a disease which threatens to make her a hopeless, bed-ridden invalid. Hamilton is terribly grieved by that, and is in such a nervous state that it is hard to get a straight story out of him. He was at my house this morning. The net result of my questions was the belief that somebody is trying to frighten him with the ghost racket. He won't tell me what he's seen, but, from the effect upon him, I judge that it most have been something unusual, and the work of a clever trickster. Now, the point is here : I can't go down there on chances ; I haven't time to spare. But if you'll go down and look the ground over, I'll agree to help you out if the affair gets too exciting for you." " I'd like nothing better, " was my prompt response. " I'll go down this evening. Any special instructions !" " I haven't any instructions," he replied. " but I have a word of cautlon. Don't fool with this business. Remember that there is a good deal of money in the Hamilton estate, and this ghost work may have some bearing on it. Now, if a gang down there is playing for high stakes, they'll probably take long chances, and if you get in their way, you're likely to get hurt." " I shoot fairly well. Nick ; thanks to your instructions," said I. "How about somebody else getting hurt !" " Well, that looks reasonable. too," he said, " and I should much prefer It to be that way." We parted, and I went on my way rejoicing. The job promised no end of fun, and in spite of Nick's warning, I couldn't see any bloodshed in it. However, when I was received by Mr Elward Hamilton that evening in the large and shadowy parlour of his late father's residence. there was an excellent six shooter in my pistol-pocket. Mr Hamilton was a man of dietinguished appearance. He was tall and slender, and his face was well chiseled, but excessively thin. A glance at him showed the disturbed condition of his mind. I am very glad to see you," he said. " Mr Carter was afraid he wouldn't be able to do anything for me. I am in desperate trouble. I have just lost my father, my wife is hopelessly ill, there are serious and perplexing complications in my father's affairs, and to cap it all off, I am tortured by a mystery which positively has no natural explanation." " Mr Carter prepared me to hear something of this kind," I said, " but he did not explain the nature of the strange manifestations which have disturbed you." He spent some time in thought and at last he said : " I believe that it will be better for me not to attempt to describe what I have seen. There are reasons why I should prefer simply to give you the opportunity of encountering an experience similar to mine. I am far from trusting my own observations and judgement. I am in a highly nervous condition, as a result of anxiety and loss of sleep. It may be that this horror is only an hallucination. At any rate, I am anxious to compare your observations with my own.Tonight, I want you to occupy the room where I have slept - or rather, lain awake - for the last four nights." " That is exactly what I was about to suggest," I replied, " but I would add that no person but ourselves should know of this. You will assign me a room, and it will be understood in the house that I am here as a physician whose opinion you have desired regarding your wife's illness. When we have both gone to our rooms, in the sight of one of the servants if possible, we will, with the utmost secrecy, change about. " Mr Hamilton agreed to this, and we said nothing more about the supernatural side of the affair. I asked him certain questions concerning his father's estate, and elicited only one fact that seemed at all unusuaL" The testator, in his will, had mentioned a sum of money which nobody had been able to find. The will stated that a memorandum regarding it would be found in the late Mr Hamilton's private drawer in his safe. However, no such memorandum was there. The son was of the opinion that the money mentioned. which had been with drawn from a shaky bank at the time of the late panic, had been subsequently deposited elsewhere, and that a record of that transaction would be discovered in his father's accounts, which were being examined by experts. The amount was one hundred and eight thousand pounds, the odd thousands being in gold and the bulk in notes. While I immediately connected this mystery in my mind with all the rest of the trouble which Mr Hamilton had had, I was by no means able to explain the relation that they bore to each other. It was possible that Mr Hamilton was concealing something from me ; that he knew where the money was, and to whom he should rightfully pay it, and that the ghostly work was being made to awaken his conscience. I did not subject him to any cross questioning. The fact is, that he was so nervous that I was afraid he would go crazy before my eyes. We spent a most melancholy evening in each other's society, and went to our rooms abont ten o'clock. Several times during the evening he had visited the apartment where Mrs Hamilton lay sick. That room was separated from his only by a dressing-room. The whole formed a suite of which the room where Mr Hamilton had slept had been the study. It seems that his father had been a student and aa author. I thought that our exchange of rooms was managed very cleverly. I did not believe that anybody saw us. No sooner was I in the room which Mr Hamilton had occupied, than I made a careful examination of its main features.. The doors were unusually heavy, and of course I locked them both, and secured the keys in such a manner that no one could gain entrance by means of nippers. I could discover no secret entrance. It was a corner room, and therefore there were two exterior walls, though one of them did not run the entire length of the apartment. There was a room adjoining it at that point which I did not explore, but there was absolutely no means of communication between it and my own, except through the hall. When I had finished my examination, I was really disappointed. The experience promised to be like so many others - utterly devoid of any unusual feature. When I lay down to rest in the remarkably large and luxurious bed, I had no more idea of being disturbed during the night by any supernatural visitor than I had of waking up to find myself on the moon. However, I had a revolver in the drawer of a little stand near the head of my bed, and it was ready for instant service. After lying awake for about an hour, wondering why ghosts don't come when they would be so sure of a cordial welcome, I dropped into a sound sleep. I was awakened by something which touched my face. My impression, as I started up in bed, was that a draught of cold air had blown upon me. Then I was conscious of a sound. I couldn't describe it ; every one knows the rustle and murmur which indicate the presence of a human being - perhaps I should say, several human beings, for there seemed to be noises in various quarters of the room. This was promising. I was quite gratified to perceive indications that something was going to happen. Very gently I leaned over and put out my hand toward the place where the little stand had been. It was not there. I was not gratified by this occurrence as I had been by what had preceded it. I suddenly began to want the pistol very much. I was on the point of leaping out of bed, when, suddenly, through tne absolute darkness a fine, bright ray of light shot into my eyes. For an instant I was completely dazzled. Then the ray almost faded, and instead of it I saw something that scared me worse than I was ever scared before, or ever expect to be scared again. Right in the middle of the darkness there was an eye. It was like a human eye - though much distorted and dreadful in its expression - but it was nearly a foot in diameter ! There it stood, without bodily surroundings, without a single visible member to keep it company. It shone upon me with a dreadful intensity impossible to describe. It shone by its own light. And it was alive, for, as I gazed upon it the lid slowly opened wider, the pupil contracted, the glare of the great and awful object became brighter and more menacing. CHAPTER II. A SHOT IN THE DARK. I supposed that I was going to scream loud enough to be heard at the other end of Lake Chaplain, but, in reality, I scarcely made any noise at all. My vocal organs were beyond doing their ordinary service, but my limbs were active, and they got me out of bed in the hundredth part of a second. In fact, I came out too fast, for I hit the floor on all fours, and fell sprawling. With all the power I could summon 1 sprang up, but before I could get upon my feet, I received a terrible blow on the back of the head that prostrated me. I had no sensation of losing consciousness or of coming to my senses again, yet I must have been stunned, for when at last I got up on my feet I was some distance from the spot where I had fallen. Indeed, I had passed entirely around the bed. I was confused in the darkness, and stumbled about for fully half a minute before I could find any matches. The room was absolutely dark ; the dreadful eye has vanished. I lit the gas at last, and looked about me. There was no sign that anybody had been in the room, My first glance turned towards the spot where the eye had appeared. It was the end wall of the room. As nearly as I could figure it out, and I couldn't have been very far out of the way, the eye had appeared just between the two narrow windows at that end of the room. I went over there and examined the wall. It was perfectly solid. I raised the heavy curtain from the window, and took note again of the thickness of the wall It was not more than nine inches. Evidently, nobody could have gotten up inside of it and exhibited the object which I had seen through some secret paneL In short, after the most careful search that I could make throughout the room, I was completely at a loss to account for the phenomenon. Any trace cf superstitious feeling which I may have had when suddenly awakened, had vanished with the light, and with my fuller consciousness. It wae a trick surely, but the best one that I had ever seen. That the whole affair had not been an hallucination was proven by a most painful oontusion on the back of my head, which required immediate attention. Having done what I could to reduce the swelling and still the pain, I went back to bed, but I noticed one thing - the stand with the pistol in the drawer was right there where I had left it, and the weapon had not been tampered with. It was a clever man indeed who had taken that thing away and put it back again, and then got out of the room without making any noise. I also had an excellent opinion of the individual who had floored me. His fist must have been as hard as iron, and his arm like a giant's. I was not disturbed again that night. Mr Hamilton was waiting for me in the breakfast-room when I came down, and he scanned my face anxioualy. " Not altogether a quiet night," I said, trying to speak cheerfully. "One or two things a little unusual have happened, but I guess they are readily explainable. You have tricksters at work here, but I think there is no cause for serious alarm." The back of my head did not acquiesce in this statement. There was a feeling of uneasiness in that locality, and it protested against my determination to pass another night in that apartment. Mr Hamilton approaohel ma with a ghastly face. " Did you see the eye ?" he whispered. " Yes, I saw it," I replied, " and a mighty bad eye It was, too. It would be interesting to know how it was done, and in a very short time I'll know it.' " Breakfast is served, sir," sald a volce, and, turning, I perceived a very English butler in the correct costume of his calling. "Wouldn't it be better,"' whispered Mr Hamilton, as the butler moved over toward the table, " if we simply moved out of this house and let the mystery take care of itself ? I own that I'm unequal to it. My nerves won't stand any more of that. The next time that eye looks at me l shall go raving mad." He continued in an even lower voice : " You wouldn't believe it possible that I can trace in that monstrous and terrible apparition a distinct resemblance to my father's eye, yet such is the fact. It is the same colour, and - I can't describe it to you, but, believe me, that that Is the hardest part of it all for me to bear. Can it be that in the secret design of nature there lies the possibility of appeal to us from the dead ?" " I grant you that it is impossihle to conceive of my father's desiring to menace us in such an appalling manner, but may it not be that our senses misinterpret and distort the visions granted to us by a higher power \- that we see only the grotesque and terrible, and fail to recognise our visitant or apprehend his meaning ?" I was in no mood for a metaphysical discussion. I wanted to get at the man who had tricked me into childish terror, and had then struck me down from behind like a coward. Something of this feeling I allowed Mr Hamilton to perceive, for I thought that a touch of plain, everyday, human vengefulness might be the best thing for his superstitious fright. My intentions were good, but the results were nil. The fact that I had seen what he had seen was enough for him. He could no longer attribute the vision to hallucination. Two men do not dream the same dream, nor cheat themselves with the same imaginary spectacle. Mark his shrewdness in not telling me what he had seen. Had he done so, there might have been a possibility that his suggestion had worked upon my mind to the extent of making me imagine that terrifying eye in the darkness. I attempted to do a little detective work that day, and made rather a mess of it I examined the room again by daylight and learned nothing. I had fancied that there might be some possibility that this apparition was accomplished by somethiag like a magic lantern flashing an image upon the wall, but, in the first place, the eye had not seemed to be as far away as the wall ; and in the second place there stood at the end of the room an open book- shelf, and above it hung a large oil-painting. It would not have been possible to throw an image upon so rough a surfaca with any distinctness. I was forced to abandon that idea. I questioned the servants. There were seven. Four of them had long been in the late Mr Hamilton's service. The other three, including the butler, a stable man, and an upstairs girl, had recently been engaged by Mr Edward Hamilton. I utterly failed to connect them in any way with the mystery. Their object to me was utterly beyond a guess, supposing them to be guilty. I pass at once to my second night in the haunted room. On this occasion the pistol was under my pillow, and one of the gas jets in the room was alight, but with so small a flame that it did not even cast a glow upon the heavy shade by which it was surrounded. I had carefully arranged it, in order that I might have a light at once in case of an emergency. For a considerable time I lay revolving the main points of the mystery in my mind. I had satisfied myself that if there were secret ingress to my room, it must he from the dressing-room adjoining Mrs Hamilton's apartment. To suppose that she had anything to do with the affair was preposterous. She was much too ill. I had seen her during the day, and had discussed her with her physician, believing that I had successfully passed myself off as a member of his distinguished profession. He appeared to be considerably alarmed about Mrs Hamilton, although he did not expect her to die any time soon. Her case was peculiar and interesting, requiring constant attention. He remained with her most of the day, and there was a nurse in the room all night. That anybody should be able to get into the dressing-room without alarming either the invalid or the nurse, could hardly be believed. The nurse was who I have previously referred to as an upstairs girl, recently engaged. She seemed intelligent end honest. If she was concerned in the nefarious business which was going on in that house, I was prepared to be much astonished when I found it out. I think that I had reached about this point in my reflections when I fell asleep. I made no special effort to keep awake, knowing well enough that the tricksters would wake me up when they were ready. And they did. The same cold breath passed over my face, and up I jumped. I was looking for that eye. It did not immediately appear, and I own to a feeling of relief. It is impossible to make the reader understand what a dreadful thing that was to look at. it was like nothing else that I have ever encountered in the domain of the gruesome and shocking. There was such a terrible meaning - so much malignity, and such a sense of all-powerful intelligence. Well, it didn't appear at once. I sat there, listening to the wind that howled most dismally about the house, for it was a fearful night, with a cold, driving rain mingled with sleet rattling the windows. The house trembled, and the branches of a tree growing near it beat upon the corner. And yet, in all this tumult, I distinguished those faint sounds of a mysterious presence in the room. I sprang out of bed, and in an instant had turned the gas full on. Nobody was there. I decided to wait awhile in the light, and clambered back into bed, for the room was somewhat cold. There I sat, looking anxiously about, until at last I nearly gave up the idea of another visitation, at least while the light was burning. and was on the point of patting I was on the point of putting it out, but was spared the trouble, The flame gradually faded, shadows gathered in the corners of the room, and at last darkness, closed about me. Then came that blinding flash straight into my eyes, and it was instantly followed by the apparition of the eye, more menacing and terrible than before. I was tempted to shoot straight out, but was restrained by a resolution that I had made to wait and see whether some new manifestation easier to solve would not be given. There was none. The eye regarded me steadfastly for a period which I estimated then at about two nights and a half ; it may have been only minutes. Then it vanished, and in an instant I raised my pistol and fired exactly in its direction. I heard the bullet strike, and something fall. It was not a heavy fall like that of a human body, but it was suffi:ient to show that I had not altogether wasted my lead. I leaped out of bed, and endeavored to light the gas. My matches would not burn. They were wet. There were others in the pocket of a waistcoat hanging over a chair. I rushed towards the spot where I supposed it to be, and fell headlong over a human body the was lying on the floor. It fell heavily, and I did not get back on my feet as rapidly. But certainly not more than half a minute elapsed before I had regained my feet, and had found the waistcoat over the chair. though it seemed to be in a different place from where I had put it. I lit a match and looked around. There was no body on the floor, yet I knew as surely as that I was then alive that I had stumbled upon a human being, living or dead. I touched a match to the gas jet, and the flame leaped up. The room was just as it had been when I retired, except that the upper shelf of the book-case between the windows was shattered by the heavy bullet from my revolver, which had struck it edgewise. Two books of considerable size had fallen to the floor from the splintered shelf, making the sound I had heard. But - what had become of that mysterious being who I would have sworn was the victim of my shot ?" There were several amazing things besides that. There was the phenomenon of the gas, the matches that wouldn't burn, and my mistake as to the chair on which my waistcoat hung. Instead of being out of place, it was exactly where I had left it when I went to bed. To Be Continued. 