Nia'hltol ilthe sr I Iuniumerable stars sho .ei i the sky, iunlbeult, bright, and were reflected in the rwaves. A westlrnl wind, sweet :ls the breath of sprinig, had swept over, the land ald sea, stirrinlg the blue w?iaven rand cresting, them? with foamu. But now t:le stillness of theli sn was something mrl;iellous and beautiful ; it wus as though thefreat dark shadow if night brooded over thL waters-a stiltiens- brokI'Il only by the rutishing of water through tile piaddle-wli els ofithe steamer. Slowly the line of lights round, the coast disappeared, and at last land waslogt of sight ; there. was nothing visible bithlii heaving, silvery waters, and the sky above.? - :LCady Caraven sat on the deck ; the stifwaf _ ess had advised huer to 'go to the la?ies' cabin, but slhedeclined. "VWhy seek thiecelase warm cabin While the stars were shining on the sea The captain had brought a comfortatloeseat for her; she hlad atwarT shawl. Ak faint hope stirred the young wife's heart-; perhaps, .when Lord Caraven saw her there alone, he night conic and talk to her. 1Stie saw him onceo-r twine. iOnce lhe. askedlher if she enjoyed the boauty of the night, and her anliwcl' waIs, ' Yes '; then, as though he had fultilled Ia duty, with an air of,relief lie walked away. She was left to her.?iofughts-and they were strange ones. This was her wedding-day. Her husband wasthe tall proud lhaiIdsome man who avoid. ed.that part of the boat where she sat. TZey were husband and wife, yet they lihad hardly ezioha.ge: three words; it was so strange that~tliere were times when hen hefancied it rmust be a dream. Was this anything like love'?F The wind kissed the waves; thile stars slione,,reilected on the water ; and with sharp keei?aweet mileilory there came to liar words she had read only a few short days before- SI have gonie malld-I love you-let me dio.' t -the words Blaine spoke when her heart first op.ened to the knowledge of her love. Was the time for such love as this gone t by 1 Had the current of men's lives been so completely changed that love had become aL contract-a business arrangement? If so, ' ?li i"'shed she had lived in Elaine's days. Would to heaven that some faint breath of t that- old-world love had been hers--s me faint breath of that mighy passion that had worked so much evil and so much good I She looked across the deck : her husband -how; strangely the word sounded i-was leaning; over the rails, talking to som t stranger. The moon shone full on his manly form, on the fair handsome face, on the friir-~lustvring hair. Surely no knight of old"was ever more comely. Did he love her? Hemist have loved her, or hle never would .have married her. ?Bu"tiwhat manner of love was this 7 If she could but forget all she had 'road and learn tdilookl on love as lie evilced it; if shie could lbuibla these ghosts that seemed to haunt her -ghosts of the mightiest piassion thl-t ever i stirred men's hearts; if she :oulrl hut still r the beating heart, the beating pulse l That was her husband, with this clear cut face aind lnoble head--her husbland, whoml that very day she had sworn to love until death. Hle was smiling at something that his cllnplaion 1i had said, a colh, clear, bright smile - coldl and bright us the moonlight. She had a right to cross the deck and speak to him if she liked ; she had a right to go to him, to lay her hand on his arm, and call him by his name. n If she didv-would. a glomn of tenlderniess gash into the halnTeomn face, or woulr he n turn htiighatlly away 7 Should she go to, 's him and say, ' My husband, love me a little, I a l oung, I am lonely and desolate-love ume.a.little. ,.Hold my -hand in yours ; let ien' staid` by your side. :Do ndt stay. so far firoiin me I' VWhat was it Elaiine had cried 7 And I must die for want of one bold word.', Should she let the starlight pass, the witching lovely''night pass, and, say nothing to hit'ia Was this curious silehce between them never to b-: broken 7 What causeal it ? What could it mean ? Should she go to him and ask him ,why, if he loved her, he was anhaied;tto show it-why, if he did not love her, he hald married her? , Should she go 7 She half rose from he,', seat.. Even if she were imprudent;,it .did ;not matter; the silent atars would keep their. own secret they -would never toll what passed beneath them. ,-Then she hesitated. If lihe should turn conutemptuously'ivay ! No, she would not go to him; it was his place to woo, not hers. If he wanted to speak to her,,he would know where "o 'findihier; She -would he wooed ; she would not lose her dignity. She had read somewhe"e or other that men never love,l wmen who sought them. ' So I will not seekhim,' she said to herself; 'though I :.m not a woman yet-I am only eighteen -only a girl.' It was a fair troubled wistful face that was bent over the star-lit water--a face sad with thoughts that should have had no place on her wedding-day. The Earl had seen her rise, and came to her.i - 'Are you tired 1' he asked. ' We shall not be very long,now ; I can see the lights on the French coast. The night is very fine. SAre you tired 1' ' No, T nIlver tire of the sea,' she replied. ' Indeed I should like, to live near it.' ' Ravenasmere is near the sina,' he told her. ' You can see it from the Castle towers.' 1' had forgotten that I was, to live at Rl:aveilslnsee, or I should not have said thbit,' sh roiplidl quickly. ' I did not know thkt it w is oearit the sea.' 'Your father has two, maps of the estate. .HaIve you not seen thvim ' he asked. .: She looked at hit wonderingly. 'Why should I see them 4' she asked. C Gertainly not.' . ' You (10o not inherit your father's business talents then,' he said.' But heo repented of thewords almost before they were uttered. She did not understand them or see the inueiiilig of them. - She answered quite simply * No, I know nothing of.lusiness., I care much for study. I often .thiik kib strange tliat nmy father: and' I have not one tast!e in He thought to himself that it was a fortu notte thinig. Then he asked her if she had ever beeri to Paris before--if she should like the centre of.the city-if thlere was any part tliat she preferred. ?d I; always stay: attthe Hotel Meurico, near the Tuileries,'ht said ; 'but, if you prtfer any oth'erp'trt' No?. She had been to Paris only once that, was for her holidays.- She knew nothing ofthe city. And then the young husband looked over .th blue waters. He had shown lier due' politeness and attention, He was ill i'e?Hes,i ald longing to be away again. He did notinotion how wistful was the fair young face turned to him. He bowed politely and went away. ' She clenched1iler little hand; she tried to still the b' tinin;of her heart. ItM' husband -married that day-yet had he no more! to say than this 1 The lights on the .French rcoast were close at hand; she could even in thie sileiino hlor the waves bruaking on the sltore.:Y.iAnioi' stood loar, with, a large -carriage-wrap int hIr Ilands. ?ady OCaraven wontleredl if hier husband would conlm near her, or if hle would allow her to land with theu help , of' servanits. . I approalchedl hurriedly. 'VWe will h~tve tinht for; refreshlttnts,' ht said; f the train .will:iot :rtarbt for twenty minutes.' Thiey "went into tlhe? r6fereshmtnt.room, where; ie ordered soup and wine. ,He was solicitotis forr- her comfort, attentive to her wauits, but she' poticed 'thati l'spoke to her only when civility dictated that he should speak, and.that.wheu.he did address ier he never lookeadat her. ? - ,; HHe: tooki his seat by her in the railway carri~ge. They travelled throtigh the fresh dewy. night, the fresh air coming~in at the' open windows. He had carefully provided her with books and newspapers -with railway literature. 'It is quite evident,' she thought,' that lie intends me to read-he has io desire to talk to me.' Tli'y did not exchange 'mnany ords. SotiitiiLes, wlien the wind b ew, he asked her if she was chilly. He offered to close the window, but shio would not all6whiin- it was some- relief to her to wiatch the fair sky and the fair earth. This was such a strange wedding.trip. She wondered if the time would ever come that lie-and- she would laugh over it-would wo-der why they had both beet. so silern, so reserved. She won dered a thousand things. Would her husband ever laugh and talk gaily, brightly to her as lie h-ul ',hido, to the gentlemen on deck 7 . Would lie in time lay aside his reserve,, his coldness 1 Would ie ever look pleased or bright ? How stramge that lie should he so grave, so still-that lie had not even one kind wordl t) say to her ,Ion this. their wedding day. How strange that ihe paid: her no compliment never asked her opiniion on any subject, never ,treated her otherwise than with the courtesy due:to a stinkiger. She was obliged continually to remind herself that lie hal asked her to be hid wife. H.e iudst have dared for her or he would not have married her. He was not. a-demon stratlve m in parhapu. Then she turned slowly from the sky to the hand-omue hihll bredl face near her. He wvs reading very intently, never looking -up fromn his buk. It was not the face of Ia coll hearted cy.lio -far :froin - it. Then her eyes wandered slowly away again.. Tile lovely down was flushing in the sky, the birds .vere sin.ing, the. air soemed to stir with- new life- it was the dawn of auother day. How often would the sun rise and set before she would understand thills striange silence of the husband by her siloe how many dawns would there be ? Suddenly, she could not toll why, her eyes tilled with tears. The sky, the trees, the di tant hills were all blurred and indistinct She experienced a keOn sense of desolation that no words could express. She would havy given anything to be back wvith her father again. 'Paris at last I' said Lord Oaraven. 'What a long journey it has been. I am always longing for some motive power greater than steam-I should like to travel noreo quickly.'. But she had no laughing answer. It had struck her that no husband ought to find his first journey with his wife long or. tiresome. Again; the sweet wild words of Elaine caume to her ' I have gone mmad-I love you-let me die.' There was neither love nor madness here. 'Paris-atilmstm-Paris in. the g6ty morning sunlight. They drove straight to the hotel, and then,-for the first time it seemed to her, he spoke kindly. HIe said SYou look very tired-I should advise you to get some rest. I always find a cigar and the morning air most refreshing after a journey.' Half an hour afterwards she stood alone in her room. She looked at herself in the tall mirror. It .vas a pale faoe with wistful shadowed eyes that she saw therein. She was fatigued in body and in mind, yet she could not sleep. If shoe only undmrstood, if she only know the meaning of this sihlnt love of her husb)and's thmat had never yet been expressed in words I 