A WOMAN OF TIE COMMIE. NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. BY G. A. HENTY. AUTHOR OF "A HIDDEN FOE," "IN THE DAYS OF THE MUTINY", "THE PLAGUE SHIP," "THE CURSE OF CARNE'S HOLD," " DOROTHY'S DOUBLE," &o.; . ALL RIGHTS RESERVED- , CHAPTER XVI. — (Continued.) " I shall not come down hers to see you unless I hear good accounts of your conduct," she said, with an attempt to speak playfully. "Well, good-bye, Cuthbsrt. I hope you will not try to do too much." " Good-bye, dear; thanks for all your goodness to me," he said, earnestly, as he held her hand for a moment in his. . " He had no right to call me dear," Mary thought, almost indignantly, as she left the hospital, " and he does not guess I know why he is longing to be out again. I almost wonder he has never spoken to me about her. He would know very well that I should be interested in any thing that concerns him, and I think he might have told me. I suppose he will bring her up some day and intro duce her as his wife. Anyhow I am fflnri T Irnnw nRmlt. it. and shall be able to take it as a matter of course." Mary did not pay another visit to the ambulance. Now that she had given up her work she felt the re action, and although she refused to take to her bed she passed her time sit ting listless and weak in an easy chair paying but slight attention to Madame Michaud's talk, and often passing the greater part of the day in her own room. Madame Michaud felt so uneasy about her that she went down to the ambulance and brought up Dr. Swinburne, who scolded Mary for not having sent for him before. He prescribed tonics, sent her up a dozen of wine from the hospital, ordered her to wrap herself up and sit at an open window for a time each day, and to make an effort to take a turn round the garden as soon as she felt strong enough to do so. On his return to tho ambulance the surgeon said carelessly to Cuthbert, who had now gained sufficient strength to be of considerable use as an assistant in the ward — " I have been up to see your late nurse, Miss Brander.- There is nothing serious tne matter witn iier, out, us I thought likely would be the case, she has collapsed now that her work is over, and will need a good deal of care and attention to build her up again. You will be out in a few days now, and I am sure it will do her good if you will go up and have achat with her, and cheer her up a bit. She is not in bed. My visit did her good, but she wants rousing, and remember if you can get her to laugh and joke about her laziness it will do more good than, by expressing your pity , for her." " I think I am well enough to ba discharged now, doctor, "Cuthbert said, eagerly. " Yes, but you will have to be very careful for some time. You will want generous food and I don't see how you am to get it outside." " I suppose the restaurants are still open 11' "The common ones are closed, but you can. still get' a dinner at some of the best places, although you will have to pay very heavily for it." " I don't mind that, doctor ; and be sides I am very anxious to be at. work , again.. ' It " will be no 'more tiring standing at an. easel than it is doing T.yinn A/\ ka1t\ Kav>a " WUOV.A VMU bU lini IIVIV) "That is true enough, providing you do riot do too much of it. Up to a certain extent it will bo a good thing £qp you,. but mind I distinctly forbid you to attempt any such folly a3 to try to walk from the Quartier Latin up to'Passy. Let me see," . he added,- thoughtfully. "Yes, I think it can be managed. I will send you home by the ambulance that will bo here to morrow morning at eight o'clock. You ore ,to keep yourself quiet all day, and I wjll get Madame do Millefleurs to sond hor carriage round for you at eleven o'clock noitt day, to- take you round by Passy. She has told me many times that it is always at the disposal of ariy of my patients to whom it would be useful, I yrill see her sometime to-morrow and arrange about it.", v/lv- v-: V y . " " Thank you, indeed, 1 dootor, I need hot say how grateful I am to> yoqfpr all the kindness I have received here." ' . . . ; r -" We -bare done the ' best 'we could « fqr-ypu,".thejdootor said, ".and I am ,;su)re tholre'iis not /one '''of those who .''havqpr'ovided funds forthis ambulance ; ' well rew ardedby the /know I lodge that it has been the means of saving many lives. I think we may say that we have not lost one whom it was humanly possible to save, while in the French hospitals they have lost hund reds from overcrowding, want of ven tilation and proper sanitary arrange ments. The mortality there has been fearful and the percentage of deaths after amputations positively disgrace ful." Rene came late that afternoon to pay a visit' to Cuthbert, and was de lighted to find that ho was to be out next morning. " I have kept your rooms in order,1' he said, "and will have a big fire lighted in them before you arrive. They will give you breakfast before you leave, I hope." " They will do that,, Rene, but I shall manage very well if there is still anything left of that store of mine in. the big cupboard." "You may be sure that, there is,'' Rene replied, " I am always most par ticular in locking up the doors when I come away, and I have not used the ksv you gave me of the cupboard. -I was positively afraid to. I am vir tuous I hope, but there are limits to one's power to resist temptation. I know you told me to take anything I liked, but if I had once began I could never have stopped." " Then we will have a feast to morrow, Rene. Ask all the others in to supper, bus you must act as cook. Tell them not to come to see me till eight o'clock. If they kept dropping in all day it would be too much for me. I wish Dampierre could be with us, but he has not got on so fast as I have. His wounds were never so serious, but the doctor said the bones were badly smashed and take longer to heal. He said he is not a good patient either, hut worries and fidgets. I don't think those visits of Minetta were good for him, the dootor had to put a stop to them. He would' talk and excite himself so. However, I hear that he is likely to be out in another fortnight." "By that time it will be all over,'' Rene said, "negotiations are going on now, and they say that in three or four days we shall surrender," " The best thing to do, Rene. Ever since that last Bortie failed all. hope has been at an end, and there has been no point in going on suffering, for I sup pose by this time the suffering has been very severe." " Not- so very severe, Cuthber.t. Of course, we have been out of meat for a long time, for the ration is so small it is scarcely worth calling meat, but the flour held out well, and so did the wine and most other things." A few hundred have been killed by the Prussian shells, but with that excep tion the mortality has not been very greatly above the average, except that smallpox has been raging and has carried off a large number. Among young children, too, the mortality has been heavy owing to the want of milk and things of that sort, I should doubt if there has been a single death but from absolute starvation." To M. Goude'B' students that supper at Cuthbert Hartington's was a memor- rable event. The master himself was there. Two large hams and dishes prepared from preserved meats were on the table, together with -an abundance of good wine. -It was the first reunion they had had since the one before the sortie, and it was only tho gaps among their, number, and the fact that their host and' several of their comrades were still weak, and greatly changed in ap pearance, that restrained their spirits from breaking into hilarity. The next morning Madame do Milleflour's carriage came to the door and Cuthbert was driven, to the Michaud's, For a moment Margot failed- to recognise Cuthbert as she opened the door, , As she did so 'she exclaimed-— , " Mon Dieu, Monsieur Hartington, you look like a ghost l1' " I ami very far from being a ghost, Margot,' though there is not . much flesh on my bones. - How is Mademoi selle Brander ) I hear she has not been well." :.v-' "She js as pale as you are, Monsieur, But nqfc flo thin. She does : nothing but sit quiet all day , with . herveyes jwido open-she who, was always eo bright ad ootiye . and'had a stifle' vfdr evejond jgiqi but and ery ofteri after going into her room. She has just gone into the parlour. You will find her alone there," she added, for Margot had always had her ideat as to the cause of Cuthbert's visits. Mary was sitting at theopon window and did not look round as Cuthbert entered. | "Well, Mary, is it actually you, ; doing nothing 1" he said, cheerily. ! ; She turned round with a start, a flush of colour swept across her face. "How you startled, me," she said. "I am glad indeed to see you. I did , not think you would be out so soon. Surely it is very foolish of you coming so far." " Still thinking you are a nurse, Mary," ho laughed, " I can assure you I am very prudent, and I have been brought up here in a carriage — a carriage with live horses. Dr. Swin burne told mo you had not got over the effects of your hard work, and that ho had had to order you to take tonics, so you see instead of being a nurse you are a patient at present, while I am a free man. I came out of hospital yesterday morn- ing, ana we naa a grana supper last night out of my hoards, which I found just as I had left them, which says wond'ers for the honesty of tho Pari sians in general, and for the self-denial of my friend Rene Caiilard in par ticular,". " Why, I should have thought— — " and she stopped, abruptly. " What would you have thought, Miss Brander 7 " " Oh, nothing." " No, no, I cannot be put off in that way. You were going to say that you thought I should have distributed my stores long ago, or that I ought to have sent for them for the use of the hospital. J really ought to have done so. It would have been only fair, but in fact the idea never occurred to me. Rene had the keys of my rooms and I told him to use tho stores as he liked, meaning for himself and for our com rades of the studio," "I'should have thought," she began again, and then, as before, hesitated, and then asked, abruptly, " Have you not something to tell mo, Cuthbert — something that an old friend would tell to another, . I have' been ex pecting you to tell. me. all the time you were in the';hospital, and have felt hurt you did not." Cuthbert looked at her in surprise. There was a slight flush on her cheek, and it was evident that she was deeply in earnest. " Tell you something, Mary," he re-' peated. "I really don't know what you mean— no, honestly, I have not a notion." " I don't wish to pry into your BcviuM) nuu oniu vurnii jl lauruuu them accidentally, but as you don't wish to take me into your confidence we will say no more about it." " But we must say more about it," he replied, j'T repeat I have no idea of what you are talking about. I have no secret whatever on my mind. By your manner it uiuBt be -something serious, and I think I have a right to know what it is." (to be continued.) . 