Union of the Churches. tO TUB IJUITOll, ? Sir,— I fool nuro; that Father O'Callaghan anil I Bhall remain good friends, even if In a pasnago of arms wo chance to give and receive aomo hard knocks, I am loth to ontor upon a controversy which Is at tills moment being threshed out between thoso who are intellectual glantn hut in the aause of truth and justice I am again compelled to complHln or Father O'Oallaghau's muthoda of quoting Holy 8orlptu-o and ancient and recent hlntory. Wo are not llkoly to quarrel over MB quotation Irom Henry Ueorgo. What wo are coneornod with Is faetB, and not thu opiulo is of private Individual*, to which FatherO'0alla|{hnn has a' ready Im plied his aversion, as being ' divergent and contradictory,' Now tho coutral question which Is at Ibbuo between ourselves and Homo Is the Supremacy (and Infallibility) of tbo i'opc. This wus tho crucial point upon which the Reformation of the Church of Eugland turned, and, hb Canon Curteis poinlB out In his ' Barapton Lectures,' tho discussion of any one of the subjects of dis agreement between us eventually brings us fieu to fucu with thin one, seeing that it U upon, the authority of Rome : that acceptance by us of every ono of them is demanded. The authority of the 1'opo requires, there fore, to bo established by unimpeachable evidence; and I repeat Mint it shows tho weakness oE her caso when its advocates can condescend to pervert anil torture Holy Scripture in order to lnvuut evidence which docs not exist. Father O'Oallaghan shields himself behind tho plea of ' ii advertence' I should rnjulcu if K iino would admit that It has been through inadvertencu nnd caruliawneM that Bho bus been led to employ not only this nils tatement — nf Acts XV— ((or I have wen the same mleuao of the passage made only a few days ago in a recent newspaper, and [ believe that it is similarly employed in authorised Roman text books)— but others of a like nature ; for then, perhaps, she would admit her error and seek in all justice to rectify it. It makes all tho difference to tho question whether It was St. Peter, or tho Council, or St. James (to whom Father O'Callaghan now ' Inadvertently ' transfers them) who used tho words. For oar whole contention Mint the decisions of n council of tho repre sentatives of tho whole Church miy be taken for tho voice of the Holy Ghost, and | not the Individual opinion of any single Bishop, is corroborated by the reading of this passage. Nor does the speech of St, I'utnr help IiIb came. St. Peter was not tho .fint to spcuk (as Father O'Callaghan now 'inadvert- ently ' alleges). There had already been ' much disputation ' In '.ho Council, when ho rose up to recount his patt experience^ which gave him a good claim to bo heard. Ho appeals to an historical fact, with which ho tells them thoy were well acquainted — tho fact that God chose him to iustruct the first Gentile converts and admit them to the Church, in the persons of Cornelius nnd his household. So little had the Apostles realised that they were to admit the unclrcuinclsed Gentiles to an equal share under the Gospel, that it needed a special vision. It needed even that ihe Holy Ghost should be given them previous to their baptism to bring even St. Peter to accept this truth j nnd St. Peter certainly makes no claim that ' by his mouth ' the Gentiles woro to receive tho faith In the futu'0. Such, he says, had beon tho case ' a good while a^o j' but now, so far from dictating to tho Council what it should decree ho pleads with it not ' to put a yoko upon tho disciples which they could not bear.' St. Paul had already been dott nitcly appointed apostlo to the Gentiles by Christ himself (Acts XXVI., 17, 18 ; com pare Gal. II., 7, 8) and his speech no doubt had as much inttuenco as St. Peter's iu tho Council. Father O'Callaghan justifies hlmselt for apologising for his misquotation on the ground of my ' not finding St. Peter in the Council at all.' 1 am Borry for him that he 11 Inadvertently ' ovoi looked my words, ' ex. cept as ono o£ the individuals who composed it,' as ho would have been saved from furiher entanglement, and for (,'lvlu.c us jmma faeie grounds for expecting to And Ilia mani pulation of Church History, and no doubt other passages ot Holy Scripture which ho tolls us prove tho primacy of St. Peter (which I do not question) on a par with that of Acts .XV. The oniu imtlmndi that history supports tho claims of Bomo to supremacy ovor tho Church of England resides with tnoso wno make them. And even If hiitory demon strated that such claims had been admitted In an uncritical ogo-which was unconscious that thoy wero based ou evldcnco such as tho 'Clementine' fiction, and 'Forged Decretals,' and Interpolations In tho writ Ings of Fathers which, we trust In all charity was 'Inadveitently' accepted by those who had made them— history can bo no nrgumont to Induce ua to subjcot our selves a second time to a yoko 'whloh neither we nor our forefathers were ablo to bear.' Unless Father O'Callaghan can furnish mo with evidence to the contrary, judging by his other statements I shall be compelled to aclieve that ho is equally careless in his reference to Lord Rosebery. It would be nulte Immaterial totiere Lord Rosebery mac the statement regarding Church property, If he had not added that ' no one could dare to contradict him.' If I am right, his remarks wore not made 'In tho Hou*o of Lords '- (no opportunity hiving 'recently ' arisen there to .'all them forth) whero, I ameer tain, they would not have passed unchal ,:''-., -h«t «t o mnntlmr of his own sup 'port « at Cariiff, where-; in onto. 'to - catch tho Komnn voto at tho next eloctlons, and to nleaso the party In favor of tbo Govern, mont Bill for (^establishing tho Church of Wales! tho 'Snorting' Pr mler essayed to nlnv the role of a theological controversy F.t Was I to oo expected that under such SndXcn therefore should not have found a,place.nhls.etter.-lours,etc,ELDiijo_ Burnlc, June 10. 