IN SESSION. Public Interest in polities gathered yes terday round the Legislative Council. The conservative, sun-dried old Chamber was crowded both alow and aloft, as the sea men say. Members whoso attendance is is raro as leaves are plentiful in the hack neyed locality that everyone knows wore attracted by the subtle iniluences of the expected excitement. Almost Instinctively the great majority of senators drifted to the Opposition benches. When Mr. Want came in he found himself opposite to a solid phalanx that was prepared to send his tax ation bills to pieces. Up in tlio galleries the usually vacant space was paclted. Be low, the soat3 allotted to members of the Assembly were filled to overflowing. Fa miliar faces in the other Chamber were clustered in the passages and at the en trances, blocked tlie exits, and glowed with amusement as Mr. Want assailed tlie belligerent forms that confronted him, and with Indignation when references depre ciatory of the representative Chamber dropped from unguarded Hps. Tliero is a tradition that the Council is an absolutely Independent body, which re solutely holds aloof from party conflicts. Like most traditions, this eccentric nnd cherished delusion doesn't imposo on even tho gentlemen who avow themselves its admirers and believers. Send them up n Customs BUI, and the blast of triumph with which they receive It, and tho celerity with which they whisk it on to tho Statute- book might soum to stamp thom as reckless patriots with no thought or any Interest but the country's. Follow it up with a land tax or an income tax, either as a sequel or as a substitute, and down it will go like u log off a house. There have been astonishing changes of opinion up there over direct taxation. Mr. Want quoted a few, which evcu in tho Council created amazement. One of them was against Mr. Roberts. "Oh. that was 11 years ago," rejoined Mr. Roberts, with that artless adaptability to political exigencies which so distinguishes tbo high-born nnd disinterested party statesman. A man that can coolly Btlck to his convictions for 11 years at a stretch excites Mr, Roberts's de rision. But there was no doubt of party feeling last night. Even the casual, solitary, grace less shadow that marches like an ink-steep ed ghost into tho top gallery and listens to the turgid oratory below — the one spectator cf the dismal conflicts that usually occur In the Council — must bavo opened his eyes at tho whirlpool of Interjections, of angry oxecrationB, of furious rejoinders, and sav age denials that circled round the Attor ney- General. Tho gentlemen whose official purpose It Is to tread the Chamber at Inter vals carrying on his shoulder a pole like a clothos-prop, must havo been staggered at the startllngly novel scene. The busts against tho walls had never been wit nesses of such an exciting spectacle. The ancient clock, that has sounded the hours, for centuries probably, almost stopped with alarm. The Land and Income Tax Assessment Bill was tho subject. Mr. Want asked the Council \ to let It Btand over till next Wednesday, so that, meantime, he could proceed with the Cus toms Bill, and then, in succession, with the land and the Income tax. The Opposition rose at him In a body. It would have none of tho proposal. Dr. MacLaurin, a solid, uncompromising Scotchman, sounded the alarm, and Mr. Hoskins, Mr. Lucas, Mr. Danger, Mr. R. E. O'Connor, Mr. Trickett, and Mr. Jacobs formed into line, and, sweeping to his assistance, began a vigorous assault on the numerically in significant Government party. Mr. Plgott, Mr. Hill, Mr. Kater, and the Messrs. Iley- don brought up the rear. Mr. Want strug gled against the crushing odds. But he had no chance. The protectionist body swamped him out. Mr. Want took up tho second reading. He began calmly. The calm lasted a couple of minutes. He put the case iu this way— that it would have been fairer, would have allowed wider latitude of debate, to submit tho land and the income tax sepa rately. This was a machinery bill to give effect to both the others. Opinion ex pressed on the machinery bill afllrmed or rejected the principle of both taxes. Opi nion on the other separately gave mem bers in favor of one and against the other an opportunity to adopt a rational course. "I wanted to go on with tho assessment bill first," he said, getting warmer tho fur ther he proceeded, "but you hoped to see tho Customs duties killed, so that you could shirk the responsibility of voting." Tho calm disappeared like a straw in a gale. Mr. Dangar bristled up. Mr. A. Brown, lying gracefully back In an easy chair, galvanised himself Into an Inter jection. Mr. Want reminded him that he had once declared himself a "rod raw Re publican." Mr. Brown laughed good na- turcdly. The sedate, hard- beaded Council was In a state of ferment. The Attorney- General advised them to he cool. The ad vice was needed. It is not often that party feeling rises so high in tho Upper Chamber. "You who are freetraders," exclaimed Mr. Want in effect, "if you vote for protection now, you will he committing an act of treachery unexampled in the re cords of this House." The Council flared up again. Mr. Want produced "Hansard," and hurled quotations at Mr. Dangar and Dr. MacKellar favorable to a land tax. "Let there be no shuffling to-night," ho continued, and the Council applauded. "Every member who votes against this bill will have to face tho music." The Opposition cheered again. Indeed, the anti-Government party cheered everything. "Thanks to the £6 a week!" This inter jection suddenly dammed back the torrent of Mr. Want's eloquence. It was one of those things that it were better to have left unsaid. Mr. Hill, a quiet old gentle man on tho Opposition benches, whose worldly necessities are not hampered by paltry considerations of weekly salaries, was the author. Mr. Want turned on the gentleman with some caustic criticism on his utterly indiscreet, ill-timed observation. For a body that professes itself so superior in tone and so oppressively dazz ling in political experience to the "persons" down below, scathing allusions to the effect of payment of members are calculated to promote au agreeable and conciliatory spirit among labor members. Later on Mr. Dalton ejaculated "Wo don't get any £300 a year." The member next to him held up an admonitory finger. Meanwhile Mr. Want was slashing ahead, showing quotations lost in the stress of ages and of "Han sard," and impaling members of tho Oppo sition who at different dates had boomed land and incomo taxation. "£G a week," said Mr. Want, reverting to Mr. Hill. "Isn't the complaint on the other side that the Council won't vote direct taxation be cause it may directly affect members' own pockets?" The Opposition expressed itself horrified at the insinuation, and renewed its onslaught on the measure. Dr. MacLaurin, leader of the protection ist party, replied. Tlie Attorney-General had cut and slashed away, brandished his political weapons about, threatened and warned and remonstrated. Dr. MacLaurin was calmer. His quiet and impressive, forceful, critical method contrasted with the slapdash, haphazard, menacing at titude of his opponent. The Council ex tended to the doctor Its sympathetic hear ing, and to every argument that he ad duced its unstinted approbation. He sub jected the bill to a merciless dissection from title to imprint. "This wretched mea sure," he called it — "this abominable bill" — "this unjust, iniquitous, ill-drawn affair." That a member of the Council should years ago havo whooped for land taxation and should now rise in virulent hostility seems to him tho most reasonable thing in the world. It Is a crude notion to expect men to bo consistent. Circumstances alter cases — especially In tho Legislative Coun cil. An Idle consistency Is poor business. By a series of ingenious mathematical de monstrations he proved conclusively to Mr. Lucas's satisfaction that no good thing can come out of this bill. It will land tho country in disaster, and spread gloom and mournfulness wherever men foregather. So with an income tax. It will produce par alysis of various kinds. "I'm not a free trader or a protectionist," he said. "I be lieve in deriving revenue from Customs duties." This is candid and explicit. But for hard-grained, quartz-reefed, cast- iron Toryism, commend ono to Mr. C. G. I-Icydon. Mr. Copeland is not a circum stance to him. Sir George Dibbs stands afar off, beyond saluting distance. If you searched among the big land barons of England you would still liavo to come back to Sydney, and hunt up Mr. Daugar before you discovered a man who so tonaclously clings to the political creeds of centuries ago as Mr. Heydon does. Some of his fine old political phrases would havo won tlio ad miration of Henry VIII. lie talked of con fiscation and spoliation, of robbery and class taxation. The Council ho claimed to represent the mind of the country. "Hear, hear," said Mr. Lucas. Then lie whirled fearsome challenges at tho Government to faco tlio electors on its financial scheme. Mr. Heydon is long agos out of date. Ho ought to don a coat of mail. Mr. Campbell, who is about tho only radical in tho Chamber, shook up the Op position with some straight-out talk. His frankness, his earriestuess. Ills incisiveness on matters that aro in variably touched with tho utmost delicacy by Loglslativo Councillors, surprised Ills fellow-members. "This changing of opin ion," he said, "I don't like it. I mistrust gentlemen who so readily modify and re verse their convictions." lie was oven flippant about hank legialatiou, and spoke of the responsibility of tho Council, the ovils of land aggregation, tho claims of the poorer classes to a fairer adjustment of taxation, and tho rashness of a nominee Chamber setting itself lu opposition to the clearly expressed view of tho country. The debate stands adjourned until this afternoon. Tho position is now that Dr. MacLaurin has moved to read tho bill in six months. Last night the feeling was that Dr. MacLaurin would win by a com pletely overwhelming majority. There was very little Interest In the pro ceedings of tho Legislative Assembly, and when it was onco known that the Council had fairly got to work on the financial pro posals of the Government, members strolled across to the Upper House In knots of twos and threes, utterly regardless of the feel ings of whoever might be left to address tho well-nigh empty benches. When the formal business was over Mr. F. Clarke moved tho adjournment of the House to call attention to what he considered the un due expenditure of public money in the electorate of West Mailland, which, as he remarked, is represented by a gentleman whose party loyalty has always been of tlie flimsiest kind. This matter disposed of, tho amendments of tho Legislative Council In one or two unimportant measures wero dealt with in a spirit of becoming charity, and then tho House devoted itself to the third reading of tho Customs Duties Bill. All tho speakers rose from tho Opposition benches, and onco again "Hansard" was called upon to record a long list of stock arguments in favor of protection. Eventu ally the third reading was agreed to by an overwhelming majority, and the Land Tax Bill read a third time, also by an over whelming majority. 