OUR GREAT GOLD FINDS SOME CHANCE DISCOVERIES. The history of mining and especially of gold mining, in all parts of the world, is full of stories that illustrate the purely accidental and fortuitous manner in -which the :uost important discoveries were made, and when these stories, are repeated among tbe udners as tht?/ wkiie away their evenings are taken into consideration the devout belief of every miner in the potency of luck becomes much more intelligible. Even Western Australia, Trhen her his tory comes to be ?vrriiten, should afford her quota of woniers in the same re latiorj. One of the most productive niiftes in California was discovered through the accidental fall of the dis coverer. He was cne of a hunting party that had gone out from San Francisco durinsr the Christmas holi days. While passing along the side of & steeo hill oa & narrow trinl hiB horse suddenly slipped, acd, ??with his rider, went down into the gulch. Happen ing to be the ? list ia the line and seme distance behind the others, he was not missed for some moments, but when his absence vras noticed the party turned back to look for him, fearing some untoward accident. He was no where to be seen, but the place where his horse hud slipped sscd taLIen over the bank, together with the traces of the fall, ?were plainly visible. Follow ing the traeks made by the horse and man, and when Dear the bottom the men suddenly eaine \ijion an interesting spectacle. Just behind a clump of bushes which the man and his steed had crushed through on tli^ir way down stood the horse apparently uninjured, ?srhile near by, on a 6lab of rock pro jecting from the snoir, the man was cap ering like an Indian at a ghost dance. The first impression of the rescuing party was that the man had gone sud denly crazy, but as he caught sight of them he instanfclv ceasud his c-vrations and shouted for them to appaoach. They came, when, he showed them several lumps of almost pure gold he had hastily knocked from the edge with a stone for a hammer, and announced his discovery of a gold mine. Tbe sliding horse had brought up against the ledge, and the restive animal, kicking vigorously in the efforts to rise, and struck off the moss from the stone and disclosed the fact that it tra? a gold-be˚ iedge of unusual richness. The find was appro priately named ' The Christmns Gift,' and a valuable gift it proved to be. The miners of New Mexico tell a queer story which illustrates forcibly the miner's belief in his iuck. A miner named John Quincy Adams was pros pecting someivnere in the mountains. While wearily trudging along one hot day through a gulch where the sun had a good chance at his back he suddenly smelled smoke. The phenomenon struck him as odd, and he glanced quickly in every direction to ascertain the origin of the smoke, bat seeing nothing, resumed his journey. A mom ent later the smell returned stronger than ever, and. the breeze just then blowing in the direction he was walk ing, a light wreath of vapor curled about his ears and gave him to under stand that his bavcrsack was on fire. Like all miners, he w-rried a larga lens for tbe purpose of ex: Mining the speci mens and the sand in I, is .v,-.n, and... the truth flashed upon him. ^or want of room he had hung the glass on the outside, and the rays of the sun had concentrated on his haversack, -which was thus set on fire. As among its contents were 121b. or 151b. of powder, he lost no time in dropping the danger ous burden, and getting as far away as possible before it exploded. The haversack fell betwen two huge stones, and cuddled down out of sight. Adams soon reached a safe distance, and dis consolately watched the smoke arising from his sole worldly possessions. Suddenly there was a deafening report. The ground trembled, and Adams dodged behind o stone to escape the fragment of flying rock. Bisiug, he went to the spot io gather up what he could find, when his eyes almost started oat of his head at seeing the quartz that had been blown up fairly glittered with gold. His powder had done better on its own account than it had ever done on his, and had literally blown open & gold mine for its benefit. He was made a rich man in. an instant, and named bis mine the ' Kiek o' Time.' The famous Comstock was discovered by a chance as simple as that which exposed to the eye3 of the astonished Adams the gold blown up by accidental explosion of his haversack. According to the story told, the ground on which the lode -was afterwards discovered was prospecting by Comstock, who located a claim but made up his mind that it did not amount to much and so abandoned it. Shortly after this an oZd character named Finney was hunt ing in the neighbouring and shot a deer. The wounded animal struggled off, and while scrambling up the side o a hill dislodged some loose stones, disclosing signs of the presence of gold. Finney waahed a little ? f the earth in a pan and was astonished at the re sult, for from the small quantity of earth tested came 10 to 15 dollars worth of gold. When Finney and two of his friends -were later working the mine along came Comstock and demanded to know what they were doing on his claim. They were obliged either to kill him or take him into partnership, so they did the latter. The mines which built the city of Helena, ia Montana, were discovered by a party of four prospectors, who were on their tray to a well-known camp in the Kootenal country. Learn ing that the diggings in that quarter had failed, they turned aside to pro spect in another direction, and for some time wandered abont, diasrine1 holes here and there, but finding noth ing that they considered worth work ing. About neon of the 15th day of Juiy, 1S64, they arrived at the site of the city of Helena, lialfed for dinner and to rest their horses. Dinner over, their horses were saddled, when one of tbeir number walked down to the street to get- a drink before mounting. From mere force of habit he began mechani cally scratching the gravel with his hands, when to his astonishment he drew out a nugget aa big- as a gold dollar. A hundred dollars -worth of gold vi-^ taken out in about 20minntes. The men then immediately settled down and located claims. 1e e. short time news of their success spread. nunureus or orner miners iiocKed to the spot, and a raining- caii.p ot unpre cedented richness was estahiisbed. The city of Helena sprang up on the spot, and it is said that one ot the banks of that city is situated on a portion of the Srst claim located by the lucky quar tette. Tbe famous silver mines of Pofccsi, in South America, were discovered by *n Indian who was in pursuit of a-n ante lope. He was climhing the steep slope of a hill and seized a busii to help himself up. The plant gave way and revealed a ledge of silver. A few months after the massacre of Coeter and lus wer. a parfy of. soldiers were scouting after hostHea ra the Big Horn. The eenntry was terri bly rugrg-ed and broken, progress was very difficult, and after proceeding sortie days in the midst of the wilder ness oi peaks the guide was forced to admit that he had lost h'« way. The captain seated himself on a lecge, while tbe guide lay on tbe ground near by, holding the reins of the horses. An earnee : conversation followed as to,' the pr- per lourse to be take% in order to get out of the hills. ' You may 6a» what you please, but I think we ought to go that way,' said the captain, ana as he spoke he picked up a bit of stone from the ground and tossed it in the direction indicated. The guide stared, then made a rush for the bit of stcsa. It was a piece of quartz so thickly seamed with gold as to form a specimen of -wonderful rich ness and beauipr. The two collected a few samples, hid them, and agreed to keep the matter a secret until they cc/uld return and take possession of the mine. A few days later the guide was killed, and the secret remained irith. the captain. Time and ayiiin after his troop nad been extricated from the mountains did he make efforts to re locate the hill of gold, but every effort was doomed to failure it could never be found. It is possible that it may hare been the ' Lost Cabin :' of this there is no certainty, but if not, it 'was a mine of such -wonderful richness that nothing- like has ever since been dis covered in the Big Horn range. 