A LITTLE "MBER- TAKISB." A Midnight Experience. (BY JAMES KNOXT.) Rattle hit bone over the storieB— Only a pauper, whom nobody owns. The worab of beginning a thing is that yon never know where it is going to ena. What I am about to tell you now happened many vearB ago, but it proves conclusively, as you will learn by the time you reach the end of the story, the truth of the statement ' I have just made. Tf nil UnvSKKMMf T At- - j.u c»ii uapcueu buruuii uunBb—cno irrepressible Jones he was called ir. those days in consequence' of the troublesome habit he had of breaking in upon you unawares with his ever lasting cook-and-bull story, about something which he would tell in spite of any attempt to put him down. When Jones first turned up at tho newspaper offices, where he is so well- known now, he was ' borne with bravely for a while. like a good many other huisahce3, but as lie >becamd' better known it was deemed advisable, in order to. conserve as much as pos sible the time at the disposal of the stall, to -remonstrate with 'him- — first of all gently — about appearing 'on the scene so frequently when there was not a minute to spare, but as that did not produce the desired effect he was on two or three occasions playfully ejected. He refused to take 9venthat seriously, and invariably forced him self in again in a persistent and im ploring kind of way, and so, ulti mately, throwing him violently down stairs. had to be resorted to. . This, however, resulted in so much uproar and inconvenience that finally it was decided that the quiolcest and quietest way of getting rid of Jones would be, by allowing him to say all he had to say without interruption, and so, in the course of time, he be came, in defiance of everything, what might be termed, perhaps, a kind of constant verbal contributor to two or three of the Sydney papers, It was all through Jones, therefore — to return to the story — that the little enterprise I am going to tell you of was undertaken at all. It was on the eve of the first ap pearance of the new weekly paper I was about to bring out . that it hap pened,' and it happened in this way. I was- sitting in the office in'the morning , quietly beading the 'proofs of the articles (or the first issue, and arranging other troublesomo matters in connection with the- event when my attention was suddenly arrested by someone mounting the stairs in what sounded like, an unnecessarily violent hurry. I .might have known it was Jpnes if I had only reflected for a moment, because it was so much like the way lie usually made hiB appearance — al ways ub though, the end of the world was approaching and there was not a moment to spare. i " Ah, my dear boy," lie exclaimed as he appeared in the doorway,- " I'm awfully glad you are in ; do you know I was very much afraid I shouldn't catch you." ' "Now, for heavonls sake," I began— " Oh, donft distress yourself," he re plied, (dropping into a. chair. " I won't keep you- more than a few . minutes, old boy, when I get my breath." "Donlt you see that I am deeply engaged?" I saicl, hoping that he Would never recover his' breath again, " The success of; the 'first issue of the new paper depends on no mistake being maaejustnow. "That's just it, old follow," he re- plied—" the very point, for it's -.the new paper that I have come to see you about. It so ' happens that I have, . got a really good thing for you. The pap6r— and above all things the first: number of it— should not come out without it. In the way of a sensation lighting the Thames would ;be a mere trifle to it. Why, it would set the whole harbour on fire, old ohap." "Well, what on earth is it?" I inquired, somewhat irritably, I con fess, for I >' was beginning to get im-. patient. . ";Will . you come to the point at .oiice,' for' I have no time whatever; to waste ? " " Now, don't you be in too much of a hurry," he replied j " Rome was not built,in a day-you know, and I 'think- you will be very pleased I have oalled when- you. (have: heard. -mo- out,. and porliapsithnnk mo for coming. whejn it's all ovor," ' " ! ' ' ' « " Well, hurry on," I said, "Por a long tuna past, you know," ha went on, ''you- newspaper men have beeu trying your best to got up a sen sation. You have been interviewing all. kinds of people, from gaol-birds to alleged geniuses — celebrities and dis tinguished visitors 1! tlnnk you gene rally call them- — but I look upon tiieoi as a lot of nonentities whose -opinions are not worth the paper you print them on." , " Well," I ventured inquiringly. "Well, it's just this,"': he said, " whilst you have been: doing all this you have been overlooking one of the greatest sensations you could possibly have, and it is almost at your very door. I don't know how it is, but you people always seem to want to go away from home for news. Why, if Dickens was only living here I reckon ho would unearth a' few things within a stone's throwof this office that would startle Australiu.'1 , . ..» " Ob, give Dickens a rest," I replied. " What is it you have discovored ? I can only givo you another minute, Jones." " Well, just this," he continued, " and I'm coming to tho point now. How does'tbe idea of interviewing an undertaker strike you, eh ?" " Ts that all ?" I inquired, rising with the intention of showing him the way out as usual. " All !" ejaculated Jones, "I think it is a great deal. It is quite a now thing, old man — never been done yet," ' and he commenced to back in frout of me towards the door. " You will require the services of an undertaker directly," I Said, hotly, "if you don't march in double quick time." " Now don't lose your temper like that," he said, " but listen for just a minute longer ; it's m your interest, not mine, I have an undertaker friend who can tell you some of the most startling ooffin stories you ever heard in your life." " Will you get out of the office at once, you idiot," I exclaimed, "or must I pitch you over the stairs, I want my paper to be bright and spark ling, and what on earth can a man have to say in that way whose life is nothing but a perpetual funeral ser vice 7 " "Now, look here," persisted Jones. in his usual argumentative way, ,l it doesn't follow that because a man's an undertaker he is always melan choly and miserable, I think you will generally find it's the. other way about. This friend of mine, at any rate, is one of the most amusing feilows in the town." " That's not saying much for. the town, then, I should think;" I re marked. " Well, you come to-night to; his establishment at' 8, o'clock and I can promise you a surprise. You can take my word for it you will never regret it." "Very well," I said, in order-to get rid of him, "Til try to be there." "That's the address," said Jones', flinging a card on the table as he left, ' " Now, don't forget; old fellow ; eight o'clock sharp," and he hurried away down the stairs. \- I banged the door to as soon as lie, had gone, and returning to my desk proceeded with my proof reading, which I. was able to complete without further interruption. Sitting in the office towards evening enjoying a meditative' pipe; the pro mise I had given Jones in the morning, without the slightest. intention at the time of keeping it, recurred tomy.mind,' and it struck me that after -all it- might be worth while keeping ,my word. There might be something in tho idea, I thought, and- as I had no thing particular to do I decided at last to go and Bee what there was ia it at any rate. , Accordingly, soon after nightfall, I picked up the card Jones had left, and found my way to the undertaker's shop, where I found Jones and hiA friend Mr. B ; already awaiting: my arrival. They were seated at a table, on which there were several glasses and ' bottles of spirits. A cold shiver soemed to' run through me as I took my seat beside them and ; looked around. On every hand there were emblems of mortality;, coffins of all kinds; finished and unfinished, some in polished oak . and cedar, : and others covered with sombre-coloured Drench merino and cashmere. . The. formal introduction was soon over, and as my mission had- been already made known to Mr, B . .. .. by Jones the subject was opened straight away. jl can tell you," said Mr. B — — , " a few things about the trade that will startle you, but of course.it won't do to allow you to mention names, you know." " Of course, not;" I remarked, as Mr. B— — proceeded', to 'help: himself from one of the bottles on- the table, ahd'I thought he looked anything but a mute just .then as he drained off a good stiff glass of whisky. - " I ' have seen some funny things .and touching scenes . in my time,'.' he continued! putting down liis glass. i"I told you so my boy," chipped in- the irrepressible Jones.' ' "You will learn a thing or two before 'you go. away from -here to-night, I think, i "Now," resumed Mr. B — ; — ; I understand from Jones here, who is. an old' frioud of mine, that what you rgaily want to know is something of. my experiences." . Anything you have. to tell out of the common,'' I replied. " Well, th'en,' we will get to business at once," he,saick' : V All 'you -need' do is to keep the name of' the -firm and- its customers a'rk. -. We are doing a good trade nowj ahd hope to increase : it, but we shouldn's sell any more; coffins, I think, if'it'.wus known that I gave you iihe information I am going: to." I promised him tliat he might rely fully on niy discretion And judgment in the matter, and that I would publish nothing- which would be likely to in jure liim 'or his firim He wiis riot, I' may add, the pi'dprietor,. of tho ostab- ;iisliirierit, , but jsimply, . the managing- mani "About an hour ago," he went oh, "I returned from a funeral at which I witnessed one of tho most heart- ? rending scenes I over saw in 'my life. It's not often that I -shed a tear at a funeral, for we get seasoned .and. hardened to it, you know,; It's just the same as any other business when you get used to it, -but to-day I broke down entirely, and couldn't help it." " What on oarth is that?" I ex claimed, jumping up froiri my seat, for I bad toucher) something under the table with my foot which sounded hollow-, arid sent a creepy sensation through mo. " Oh, that's nothing," said Mr, B— — . " It's only a pauper's coffiu which has to go out to-night. Pushit a bit out of tho way, Jones; your friend seems nervous." In a few seconds Jones, who seemed perfectly at his ease, had shoved a long black coffin with' the name done' in chalk on the. lid oat into the centre of -the room. ' "Great Scott, what a length," ho said, as wo stood looking at it. "I'll tell you what," he continued, turning to me, " before we resume just you get into it, old man, and see how you feel for the fun of the thing. You ! have done most things in your time I know, from picking pockets to pray- ing, but I'll swenr you have never done that yet, It will be like completing your education in the matter of gain ing experience." The very novelty of the suggestion seemed' to recommend it, and after some little hesitation I consented. In a few moments I was lying stretched out in the coffin, and Jones and his friend, Mr. B— — — , Commoncod screw ing the lid down, . The last screw had barely been put in when the place seemed to resound with cries of " fire," and tho alarm bells in different parts of the city commenced to ring vio lently. "My .Tove, that's a big blaze," I heard Jones say as he rushed to the door. " It s Denis to be in Mocquarie- street." "It seems to have a big hold, wherever it is," said Mr. B , as he also ran to the door. " Things wero becoming extremely interesting to me, and I was getting more than anxious as I heard the two of them nroDurini? to leave the nhnn. "Take this blessed lid off," I shouted, as I heard them stepping out on to the pavement, but it was use less ; they were gone. " Hore's a pretty go," I muttered, as I turned and twisted in the coffin, which was much too large for me, "it's taking too much of a loan of a fellow," and I was preparing for a desperate kick by which something would have to go when my attention was arrested by voices. Two men, who appeared to be talking excitedly, entered the shop, and from one or two of the expressions which escaped them I decided to lie still and listen. "This must be the coffin," said one, spelling out the chalk name on the lid, " he's a long one, isn't he?" "Now, doD't be in too great a hurry," replied the other. " I'll first fill the pipe and light up. That seems to be a great fire from the reflection away yonder." " Yes," said , the first speaker, " it seems to have the upper hand thiB time. Anyhow, we may see a little of .it as we take the coffin down to the hospitul to get the corpse." " Halloa," he said suddenly, " We are in luck to-night, comrade, here's a table full of booze. They've clearod off to the fire and left it. Old Tomb stone has been having a festive time. I wonder who he's been entertaining." "It's riot often ho opens his heart like this," said the other. " Oome on, old chap, we will get back on him this time. -W hy here's brandy and whisky by the bottle-full. Stow that bottle iri the hearse, Jake, we'll have it on the way out to the cemetery, and then come and drink up. A fire's a jolly good thing sometimes, you see." As soon as he who answered to the name of Jake returned to the shop, having, as I gathered, placed the whisky in the hearse, he com menced a conversation whioh pro mised disclosures of a more sensational character than I could ever have hoped to have got out of Mr. B- , and I reflected, ..with a great deal of satis faction that "everything was turning out remarkably well for my" purposes. " Now, :16ok here," he remarked to ..his mate,, whose name; had: not. yet transpired, " I'm tired of buryin' these paupers like this ' in the middle of the night, and I'm going to give it up as soon as I get the charce. I wouldn't care so much if old Tombstone treated us better, but he's as mean as 'they make 'em, and I'm not going to do his dirty work much longer. If he goes for me again like he did the other - night I'm hanged if I don't split on him. Why, a man who shakes coffins after selling them like, ho does ain't fit to live." "That's as true as anything, Jake," replied the other; "and I wouldn't care if the long 'un there was the last we wore going to put in the graveyard tor him. You know . the dirty trick he served that poor lady the other day?" \- " I do," said Jake. -. "And it was her first baby, too," the other' continued. " Yes, thpt was a dirty job, re peated Jake, " and God forgive me for helping him with it. The poor .thing was ; out up ovor the death of that young one. If old Tombstone had asked her £40' inslead of £20 for the coffin I believe she would have paid it." " That she would," said the . other, " (irid; then to think of him getting the money; carting the corpse up hero in the coffin -she paid for, and emptying it- in with' that old pauper and keeping the box to sell to someone else." -"Well," said Jake, "the man's bad enough for anything. We've got to do this job to-night, so we had better iriake a move. Old Tombstone may turn up at any moment. Drink up and get hold of the other end of- the bx." . . , "I felt a bit creepy and somewhat inclined to. make a stir as l izard them .nppi'baching. the ', coffin;' -but ' Jones's ;iriterviewing idea was. turning out so much good "copy" that I. decided to lteep quiet and. seo the whole affair through, " Why, I'm ble3t if lie isn't in it," said Jake, trying to move the coffin!" " The devil lie is 1" said the other. / "They must have been. down to the hospital for him," said Jake ; " and a; good thing too, for it will save us an llbur, and give us' time to have another' drink." They returned to tho table and helped themselves to more refresh ment, and a few moments afterwards I was lifted and carried out to the hearse, and a start was made for Rook- 'Woo'd,. I found it exceedingly close and stuffy shut up in the hearse, but as the lid of the coffin was only partially screwed down and I managed to raise it a little I obtained sufficient air. I spent the time on tho journey out in reflecting on the novelty of the situation and the shook in store for the undertaker's men. . . Tho cemetery was reached in due course without mishap, and 1 was de posited on the ground by the side of the grave, whilst tho bottle of whisky which had been stowed in the hearse was opened by Jake and his companion. The two men remained for some time drinking the whisky an. discussing various matters of more or less conse- quence- to themselves and their em ployer, and gradually got on to the subject of ghosts. "I don't know," said Jake, "how people are so foolish as to believe in ghosts. Even if there were sueh things they couldn't do any harm." " If they had a3 much to do with the dead as we have they wouldn't trouble their heads much about such things," replied the other. "That they wouldn't," said Jake, " if half the dead people in this place were to rise up out of their graves now it wouldn't startle me mucd." " I'll test your courage anyhow," I thought, "giving throe distinot taps on the side of the coffin." There was a sudden pause in the conversation, and I coald imagine tho two looking at each other in blank amazement. Jake was the first to break the silence. That's strange," he said. " What's strange ?" asked the other. "I thought I heard a peculiar noise," Jake replied. "I think you've been drinking too much, Jake, "said his companion. "The whisky's getting to your head. The sooner wo plant this cove the better. We can finish the bottle afterwards. It will be like drinking to the inomory of the departed. You might as well start arid take the lid off for wo have to take the coffin back. The Go vernment has paid for that very same coffin a dozen times already to my knowledge." Oh 1 horror of horrors ! I thought, convinced now that I had been lying, all this time in a second-hand coffin. I waited to hear no more, but raising my knees prised the lid open. Tho two men immediately sprang from the ground whore they had been. sitting, and with a terrified- yell bolted across the burying ground, and were soon lost in the darkness. 1 lost no time in extricating myself, and speedily made my way back to the city. The empty coffin, which bore every appearance of having beori rifled, was discovered by the open grave next day, and gave rise to the report that there had been a body-snatching case at Rook wood. ' The matter was in vestigated by the police,-, but this is the first occasion . on which the trae facts have been published. It only remains to be stated that Jake and his' companion could never be induced to bury any more paupers at night, and, loBt no time in obtaining more congenial employment. 