l ll.H«IIMW- t 1 . I , ...... Ladies Column, Social Doings. Information concerning social events, .visits to or from otbel- countries, notes about dresses, , all . of whtoh will be rogsrdnd ns etriotly coafldential,. slieuld bo sent to .the " Social Editor," on or before h'ridav, at 12 o'olook noon in eaou woelc; I : (It is expeeted that nil marriages noticed in thiii oolumu will also be announood in the usual . domestic advertisements, cash prepald.l ; His .Ercellcncy , tlie j' Governor ! will roceivo both: , liidies and . gentlemen tit Morveh. Sniul- gati?, this afternoon. IIiMl Exoeilenoy tho. Go'vornoi' is to give h loctareoii IiiR reiuiiiiscoiices, in August,. in, tho Centennial -Hhll. ' \ . Hun. W. Forrest, -M.L.O.,- lids - returned from tlio soul h. Mr. Judge Miller leaves for tlie central dis trict to-day in tho Ara'wttttii. ; . . .- ; - , Mr. 11. Edwards ' and- bis son. Mr. E. Edwards, returned fi-pmSyflnoy oii Wednesday; Mr. P. F. Sellhoini. tlndor Seotdtery for Minos, returned from tho north on Tuesday. , \- Miss Katie Capper, of Maitland, Now Soutli Wales, arrived in Brisbane on';WedheHdfty, lin a. visit to her auut, Mrs. Cowlislihw, Montpblie'r. Mr.. Thomas Finnoy Is in Sydney on a busi ness visit. , -i Mrs. Perry gave a dinner at Folkestone on Thursday, to take leave of the Rev. Canon and Mrs. Robinson, who leave in . few days for New Zealand. Among Mrs. Perry's guests were the Hon. H. Tozer, Hon. G. W. and Miss Gray, Hon. E. B. Forrest, Mr. J. Clark, Mr. and Mrs. Virgil Power, Mrs. G. Harris, and Dr. and Mrs. Lyons. Tho Misses Lilley gave a luncheon yestorday by w'uy of farewell to Miss Rohinsou.,. , Mr. "W. L. G. Drew returned from the central district in the Burwali. ' ' \\- Mr. Samuel Lowe, of W. AVeddoi and Co., London, and Mrs. Lowe, aro staying at . tho Bollo Vuo Hotel. Thoy leave Brisbane towards the ond of next wook for Now South Wales, Victoria, and Now Zealand, returning to London by tho Capo Horn routo. Tlie muri-lnga of Mr. A. M'Nfth, of Lands- borough, to JGss Dath, daughtor of Mr. R. Dath, is fixed to. take placo on tbo 2Gth ihBtant, at Wiokhum terrace PreBbytorian Ohuroh. Mr. and Mrs. B. Cribb havo resumed resi dence at. thoir house, Glcndalloii, Montague road, whioh was so seriously atfeotod by the flood of 1803, - Mrs. W. H. Kolynack has returned to Bris- hano from a long visit to Toowoomba; Mrs. Buchanan, of Wiokham terraco, has ro- turncd to Brisbane from a long visit to hor" son . at the Sydney University. Tho boys of Bowen Houso School havo issued invitations for their annual sports. Tho dato is Thursday next, 27th instant, and tho ren dezvous the association ground, Bowen Bridge road. Tho daughters of Mr. and Mrs. J. Munro loft by tho R.M.S. India on a long visit to England. On Friday week Miss Mothicson.ontcrtaincd a number of young friends qtNithsvillo, Elldon Hill, the rosidonoo of hor patents (Mr. and Mrs. John Matliioson). Tho uppolutmonts woro in exceptionally good tasto, and tho number of the ghosts included representatives of most of the lending fnmllleR of tlio city. Mrs. Hull Scott rotums to her home at Bowen to-day by the Arawatto. Mr. IV. B. Shaw, who has been visiting his Kuwbellc station, in tlio Port Curtis district, since April, lias returned to Melbourne. Dr. "Walter II. Gillette, gonoral manager of the Multuil Life. Insuranoo Company of. Now York, who is now on a visit to Queensland, next goes to Victorin. Ho concludes liis Aus tralian tour in South Australia, and proceeds tlionoe lo Europe, via India. In Europe ho will visit several of tlio compunv's ugohoies, and especially tlioso in Italy and Franco. Dr. Glltetto and Major Rennio loft fur Bundaherg uiid tho sugar distriots this morning. A Cinderella in commotion with Miss Brown's ilunoitig class, was held lit hor rooms, Treasury Buildings, Gcorgo'stroot; on Thursday night: Tho largo attondunco iitcliidcdniiinet'ousviaitors. Charmingly urrauged decorations brightened tlio rooms, nnd tlio bnloony, protected from tlio night air by awhiugs imd flags, nuulo . an ex cellent -rot roatund promenado. During, tho cvouing Miss Brown und Miss Lawrchco- wout through ' tlio skirt dunce, and gained warm plaudits for the skill mid grace- thoy displayed. An atlcntivo committee of gentlomou saw tlmt ull present enjoyed tliomsolvos. s . , , , The usiiul fortnightly social of the Milton Privnto Assembly on Wednesday ovening, June 10, turned oiit to bo a brilliant success. Tlio hull was tastefully decorated: with evergreens, flowers,- and bunting, which gave it a very charming effect. Tlicro wore '60 couples pre sent. Tho weather was delightfully dour, cold, nnd hmoiiig, and dnnulhg was kept up till lialf-past 1 '2, wliori all went homo thoroughly pleased with their evening's enjoyment. Ro- frcshmontH wore sorved, und during tlie intervals songs were tendered. Tho marriage of Dr. E> G. Koighloy MiirkH to Harriot,- eldost daughter of Mi'. Henry Donkln, ofMurston, Nundilll, was celohrotod fan Wednesday afternoon jit St:-' Fraiinls's Oimroh, Nundnli, by tlio Rev. J, F. Hart. The bhnrch was uppropiiatoly doooratod by glrl-frlonds of the. bride. . About, half of tho souta woro resorved ' for tho woddhig ipiosts. Signor Xrudu'H band played HUttablo rteloetionS Of miwlo. ' The bride, . who was gtveiijiwiiy by hor father, wiLs attended by six hridosmuids, of -. whom fonr .woro her sisters, ouo hor nieeo, and ono the nleeo of thb.liridbgi'ebiii. - Tiio best imm was JLv Robin Dodds, and tho groomsmuii Mr. Stuart Raff; The bride wore 'a handsome gown with bodlao in white hroeado and Bkirt in' wliito cbrdcd silk, tho hodiob bciag ornhinonted with Brussols- point. A. doriil- wreath of orftrigo blossom, a tulto veil fastened ut enoli Bide ot tlio rdiffnro with a dluiuotid hroooh, and a Bliower bridal bouquet comploted tho eostnrao; Tlio bride und bridogroom and guests' woro entertained ut Maraton after the weddiug. The Hon. J. S. Turner, M.L.G., proposed tho health of tho happy pail. Tbo wedding presents, numbering, nearly 100, woro shown in- tlio house. Dr. und Mrs. Keighloy Marks spend their honeymoon at Cleveland. Miss Pears, of .Inghahii.wha has boon in Bris bane for thrcfa inontlis;' staying at Strathmoro, ' North ,Qutiy, i'eeeiitly loft for. the north by, the Wodonga. '.V - , i-Tho criokot club in noiinbolion- with Messrs'. Grimes uiid Potty's will hold thoir flrat annual) hall in . tlie Protostiiiit . Hall, v Ann street, :on , June 28; - c;.A,yeiT suoeessfuidnnoo wnslibld last ovening ; at tlio'T'pwii ,1-liill Sniidgato, belilgva roiurii lo tlio yquiig ladies who gilvo d. ' ilimno. at . Miss piAroy's soliqol h fortiiiglit ago. > Duuouig was 'stttiied sliortly lifter 8 o'iilook mid kept" going iintil 'abbiif 1.2(1 a.m. Mr. E. Haileu ivas iin oftibieut M.O. ; 1 Among the ladies introduced to Her Majesty nt.tlie driltving-room .on Wednesday, May 8, . whs Mrs. J. G . Ward, the; ivifo bf tlio ';Nmv Zbdlutid Fiiiiuibo Jliiiistor, who ' was prosantbd hy' /Lady. Ripou. The -following is a desbrip- fioii " of tlio court gown worn, by Mrs. 5Vara : Under-drossbfa-ioli rose-pink satin duehesse, tlio sliirt liaving fiins uf chiffon letln -at tho lielii, I filstoiicd with huuehes of ;fbsos. " ,Tho. seains qiitlincd With trails, ,bf , rbsobhds anclfliio. foliage." Tlio liodibb wiis butsquaro niid, draped with clouds bf pink chiffon, ; ill which' wns: arranged liiinelles of roses, ' with trails and fringe ofrosebi'tds on.ono .Hide;niiil bow .-of rib bon itiid1 long eilds ronching to hbm'of skirt 6ti tho. other. Tho court train, fastened from eaeli shoulder, was : of , rioh . forgot-ino-not , blue btqciidcd satin, liaving a' design in buiiabos of giiolder rosbs in pink, witli foliage and tinted leaves. TIiu whole was shot with gleams of geld ccloiir,'tlie effect being most urtistib.and utiirine. Tim train was'linod with a bright slmdo of Borpent- grecn satin, and triminod with 'fine point do Giizo, naught up with groups of i-bscs ninl bows of pink and blao ribbons; Tho ornnntonts wore pearls and diamonds. 