THE PIRATE Til. A SALT-WATER ROMANCE, BY W. CLARK RUSSELL, . Author of 'The Golden Hope,' 'The Death Ship,' -'The Good Ship Mohock,' &c.; (All Rights Reserved.) CHAPTER XVI. All night long aboard the brig a smart lookout was kept Boldock was ol! opinion that the Queen was not above thirty or forty miles ahead of the Wellesley; she was right ahead, he conjectured, by the circumstance of the qirl having floated in a bee-line to ihe brisks cutwater. He was of oni niort with Mr. Hardy that when the ten men rose to seize tha Queen they would not find the field an easy walk. They might be worsted, in which case there would be loss of life more or less con siderable, and Boldoek, whose imagi nation was tolerably active, figured the Queen rounding up in the wind and lying all aback, helpless, Benson shot down, her mates dangerously wounded, and piratic passengers and seamen of the barque bleeding about the decks in dying agonies. So a smart lookout was kept for any shadow of ship blotting the stars of the horizon of that fine night, for any blue or crimson ball of distress spang ling the dusk with a sailing constella tion. But nothing showed, and when the dawn broke the sea' stretched a bare breast, sallow to the sulphur light north-east. 'This is a nice little air of wind,' said Commander Boldock to Mr. Stub bins, the boatswain, who had relieved ??Mr. Hardy at 4 o'clock. It was now bright morning, the sun ?strong, a sparkling curl of wave upon the sea. and a .wonderful plenty of little clouds of an oyster-like form and shell-like in their tints, scaling off a light and fairy shadow of vapor coating the south-east sky into the aspect of a coast. The boatswain was of the com mander's opinion. The breeze was .a nice little air. There Avas more of it a-oommg. and here Mr. Stubbins, un der the sharp of his hand, gazed se verely at the south-east shadow as though he should say he had used the sea for some years and knew a in the weather trying it on with him. 'We are pretty well off for small arms, I think, Mr. Stubbins?' said the commander. 'The natives find us well -off enough I dare say, sir,' answered the boats wain, with a grin. 'About a dozen of muskets, I think, and twice that number of cutlasses?' 'That's about it, sjr..'? 'You might like to hear me tell an extraordinary story of the sea,' said the commander, in his deep and plaintive voice. 'All hands should have the news. It may engender some devia tion. But if we can recover a noble ship, the lives of a number of passen gers, and a little mountain of nug gets from the remorseless clutches of ten broken-down gentlemen whose ideas of humanity are exemplified by their conduct towards the lady whom we picked up yesterday morning, all hands of us, Mr. Stubbins, will de serve well of our country.' He then gave the boatswain the story,- Jkliv Stubbins listened- with .a face dull with wonder, head hung as he trudged by the commander's side, mouth open, eyes askew lifting at the .icily, hot, flaming countenance beside him. - ? ? ??'— 'It's about the rummiest rooking job as ever I've heard tell of,' said the boat swain. 'Passengers, too! Cuddy ado iir the forecastle work! Mv now! If .Tack don't mind his eye he'll lose his reputation. Ten bush-nippers of a company, and not a sailor of the ship Iij the job. Well, all I can say is, let J;jck mind his eye.' The commander uttered three of four 'fia-has' like deliveries through a speaking-trumpet. 'And it ain't known, I allow, where they're going to carry the ship to, sir, if they succeed in seizing her?' said Stubbins. . k 'The lady says she heard them speak of an island. They pronounced the name. Unhappily she cannot re collect it. Also she heard them speak of a brigantine and one Saunders. That's intelligible. The vessel will ren dezvous off the island to receive the booty out of the ship, which the scoun drels will probably wreck.' 'It'll be a wonderful piece of order in', sir,' said Mr. Stubbins, after a pause. 'Something proper to make a man thoughtful in his prayers, if so be it should happen that the young lady the men think drowned dead should be the hinstrument of deliver ing them into the hands of justice.' 'Here comes a little more wind, Mr. Stubbins,' said the commander, and as he spoke the brig, with a groan through the length of her old frame, leaned to a shriek of dry bright blast which had whit ened each long , blue curl till the whole windward ocean was run ning in delicate lines of snow out of that tender, far-off shadow of cloud. The commander and the boatswain stopped in their march and looked aloft, watching and waiting. The brig was clothed to her trucks, all plain sail was on her, studding sails she did not carry. She sank her fat bilge, lifting t'other with a wet green glare of shea thing to wind'ard, and the troubled water dazzled into foam all around her, streaming off astern in splendid mass es, revolving, eddying, soaring, sink ing, bursting off the bow in stormy showers of crystal smoke over which the sun flung, bows of many colors. 'An. old ocean sweeper, Mr. Stub bins,' said the commander, as he put his head over the rail. 'Here is the sputter of line-of-battleship flying through the thunders of the Bay, and a speed,' he continued, in his most mock ing, complaining note, 'of -really- «ot more than six;' '' .''?'? ' ' The breeze blew a steady wind, ?went to pieces in small cloud, and the ocean ran in a regular curl of surge. The boatswain held on with his roy als, and the brig ploughed along with good way. A seaman sat in the fore topmost crosstrees ' to .report a sail. 'But, bless my heart,' said the com on deck at 8 o'clock, 'what's this old waggon going to do ia the wake of one of the nimblest fliers- that ever, slipped down the well-greased ways of a shipyard5? 'We are doing six, and in this wiad the Queen is doing twelve. Just the breeze for her mould of hull if they're still heading her off Horn .wards.' ^ 'If those ten men seize the barque, sir,''- 'said Mr. Hardy, 'they'll surely not attempt to carry her round the Horn.' ' ' - 'They'll make for that island, whosec name the young lady unhappily «ah't: remember,': said the commander. 'In that case,' aftid Mr. Hardy, 'they may shift Iheir ;h.elm and iross our hawse within hailing distance.' \ ?'?' 'What good. w.ould that be?' ex claimed the. cominandfcr/ Mr. Hardy leered at the gun. 'A nine-pounder,' said Boldock, folding Ms arms, advan cing one legj arid eyeing the gun in the attitude Napoleon I. is usually pic tured in. 'Weight enough there to bring down a mast, sir,' said the mate. 'The Queen's a witch. She sails two feet to our one, man. It would be touch and away with her whilst you were trying to bring that piece to bear. Our only chance in that way lies in blood having been shed aboard— in fact, Mr. Hardy, in the ship being thrown into confusion by the demon of car nage. She comes to sl stand head to wind all shaking. In that condition we may hope to sight ? her, in none other.' He took an earnest view of the sea ahead after speaking these words, erosing the deck four times to master the liquid distance spreading in a deep blue line from the springing bows; then, hailing the crosstrees, and being answered by the man aloft that there was nothing in sight, he went below to breakfast. ' . It was a little before 11 o'clock the. same morning when the sailors witnes sed a sight novel indeed aboard the Wellesley. First of all Mr. Hardy came up the companion hatch hugging an old folding chair to his heart. He open ed and sat it down in the great rolling shadow cast by the trysail, then through the skylight received a couple of pillows, which he placed in the chair with ceremony, patting and smoothing them. A little later the fig ure of the commander uprose, backing and staggering as he assisted the young lady to mount the steps. She moved slowly. She was weak, and needed the help of his strong and gentle hand. She came out of the hatch into the flying sunshine with a frown at the brilliance, but a smile that showed her white teeth as she drank in the liberal rush of wind that whistled in her pale lips. The sailors forward stared. They had seen her lifted out of the sea, a drenched and streaming body, ghastly witii its. gag and black lines of brine gme hair; and now they beheld a fine figure of a young woman, clad in crimson, with a rope of colors round her waist. Her hair was coiled down upon her head, and its abundance was manifest spite of the round white can vas cap, that gave a new character to her eyes, enlarging them, and deepen ing their soft luminous glow. Yet poor Miss Margaret looked ex ceedingly pale, and anyone could have seen that she was fresh from a vio lent shock of a dangerous illness. She had been admired by some of the gen tlemen aboard the Queen, particularly by Mi-. Mastei's. She was without beauty, but her features held a grace which brought them near to it. On board the Queen she had chiefly pleas ed by her pensive expression, her hab itual down and thoughtful regard, so that the faint bloom on her cheeks was often shaded by the long lashes of the upper lids. They had also considered her teeth and figure unusually good, and her hair very fine. She was tall, and stood up bravely, holding by the companion hatch, to the admiration of Mr? Hardy, and when she had gained the -deck Com mander Boldoek let go her hand. 'I feel now that I am alive indeed,' she said, as she looked aloft with a bright glance, and then smiled at Boldock. 'It is ladies' weather — very charm ing,' said the commander. 'Let me seat you.' He led her to the folding chair, and Mx. Hardy laid a rug over her knees. She smiled with gratitude at both men. 'This is a little ship after the Queen,' said she. 'Where is this fine wind driving us?' 'We are bound to a part of the ocean where there are rocks and shoals whose position is improperly shown on the charts. That done,' continued the commander, 'we shall, then proceed to survey certain is lands. We then return to Sydney. We are at present off our course. 'It will be hard upon me,' said Miss;. Mamsell, 'to return to Sydney. I have no money. The little- I had was in my box in the Queen. AH that I possess in clothes, books, keepsakes, and other things, was in that ship. I suppose they are lost for ever.' 'We shall not allow such considera tions to be a trouble to us,' said the commander, stoutly, a brave smile making his wide sun-set of face as en gaging as if he were handsome, 'on so bright a day as this, and with the memory of your deliverance as green as yesterday morning can let it be.' She hung her head touched by the rebuke, and. her eyes filled with tears. But this, fortunately for the comman der's sensibility, he did not observe. He was gazing earnestly at the sea ahead. 'It would be a prodigious satisfac tion,' said he, 'if you could recollect the name of the island. Was it——' and he named a great number of the islands of the Polynesian groups, in cluding reefs and barriers. 'It was that of a person— it was— it was ? .' She strained her memory with closed eyes, and then said, 'It will come.' 'The necessity for your remember ing it,' said the commander, bowing and smiling with an air of fine, old world, quarter-deck gallantry, 'will give me the best- excuse In the world for keeping you on board~the brig.' She glanced at her dressing-sawn, and looked with some conftision away. 'Why,' said he, reading her thoughts, and beginning to strut up and down within easy chatting dis tance, 'If I could get hold of their place of rendezvous we might fail In with the Queen herself . Then all your property would be restored to you. We may presume there would be somebody on board fit to . take charge of the vessel to England:' 'If those ten men seiz0 th£ flhipi' said the girl, 'what will they do with the passengers?' : 'Hum!' -said ^e oomniaod^r; 'if we are to accept their maiiner: of dealing with you'as a specimen of their method and skill, ? then if those ten fellows have successfully risen I would not give muck for amy lives in their power.' 'You don't think ? ,' cried the girl, with a shudder, and then stop ping, whilst she .looked up at him with eyes of dismay and horror, her figure half starting Croon its resting posture. 'I think it may 'end to your 4is covering,' said the commander with a smile « that, you are the b?st off of them all,' , „ 'There were several ladies.' ieiim %x& & lady, but that did not seem-to appeal to them,' «aid Boldock la a deep lamenting Voice, *Th& wrenches! to thfcpw me Into the sea ^gagged and almost choked. W-hat had I dope?' Boldock pauaed ia ilia -wfllk, and stared at th& ocean in silence. Miss] Mangel's -words lad roused the spirit of roast beef in him; she saw his face hard with that heart of England Which no nation 'can resist- at sea. It was the -working, burning, triumph ing %fac6 of the boarder who waits for the instant of collision to spring into the chains. 'I sincerely trust,' said he, break ing with a jerk of head out of his1 fighting mood, 'that you will remem ber the name of the island, or 'that we shall fall in with the Queen. :I have seen a few men hanged.' His gaze went thoughtfully to his weather main yardarm, and there rested, as though he considered height and scope of fall. His sight was still aloft when a cry from the foretopmast cross-trees made him start, 'Sail ho!' 'Where away?' bawled Mr. Hardy, running forward, and leering. 'Broad on the lee bow,' answered the voice high in thei song of the wind. 'I see her. sir,' thundered Boldock. He lifted the immense brass tele scope off its brackets, and resting it on the rail took aim at the working breast of soft dark waters on the port bow. . „ , ? 'It is no ship,' said he 'but a boat with a shoulder of mutton, sail. One of the Queen's boats for a million. If so, the ten men have seized her, and where is she?' . -, He handed the glass to Mr. Hardy1. The girl rose to look, and the com niander, seeing she needed support, gave her his arm. v The sail showed like a flash of froth on the blue, corning and going in the melting white curves about it, but once got by the eye it was easily held; clearly a email open boat within three or four miles, and already slid ing abeam. The brig's helm was starboarded, the mainsail hauled up, royal and topgallant sails clewed down, and so slowly running before the wind under reduced canvas the broad-bowed waggon surged to the boat, whose occupants were seen to consist of several men. one or other of whom continuously flourished an oar with something white attached to it. The brig was thrown up into the wind, the boat was cleverly sheered alongside, her sail melting into Ihe bottom of her as she rounded with a seaman in her bow stretching out his hands to catch the rope's-end. Miss Mansel shrieked. 'It is Mr. Matthews,' she said to the commander, 'He is the chief mate of the Queen, and the men are five of the crew of the vessel.' 'Then' the ten have stolen the ship,' said Boldock. There was a smart wobble, of sea on, and the boat danced friskly along side. The sailors sprang into the niainchains and clambered with the silent hurry of shipwrecked men over the rail. Mr. Matthews staying to call out to Commander Boldock, 'Will you take this boat, sir?' 'Ay, she is a good boat, we'll hoist her aboard.' 'There's plenty of provisions and soime wine and spirits in her, sir,' sung up Mr. Matthews. 'We'll have them, we'll have them all; pray come on board.' Mr. Matthews, with a pale funereal countenance, watching his chance, got into the mainchains, and with the leisureliness which spirits sunk to the suicidal degree will sober the limbs to, made his way over the tall bulwarks. Meanwhile, the five seamen observ and were dodging and ducking at her ing Miss Mansel, had come to a halt, as they shouldered one another in twenty inimitable postures. 'Smite me dark, if it ain't she her self, Joe!' said Tom. 'No, no! she's too tail, she ain't got the other's color,' muttered Joe. 'She's what they call her factotum, her identical.' 'It's the girl who was lost, bet your blooming boots/' exclaimed a third seaman of the Queen. Mr. Matthews dropped laboriously on to the deck. Instantly Tom called out: 'There's Miss Mansel, sir.' The mate was slowly walking aft to the commander when, hearing these words and seeing the lady, he halted as though withered by a lightning dart Miss Mansel made an effort to approach the astonished man, ex claiming, 'It is I indeed, Mr. Mat thews—Miss Mansel— none other.' 'Well, I am bubbled!' whispered Mr. jM-atthews to himself, in one of th© deepest breaths his lungs ever fetched, and he went straight up to her. 'It isn't your ghost then, hey?' he exclaimed, taking her hand with a half note, almost comic, of blubber ing in his voice. 'Well!' said he, so astounded that his eyes met in a squint as he looked at her, 'this' to be sure, is amongst the miracles. You here! 'tis enough,' said he turning up on the commander, and letting go the girl's hand, 'to make the whole pre-' vious . business feel like a nightmare out of . which the second mate's going to call me to stand my watch.' 'rm neartlly sorry for you, sir,' said Boldock. 'Mr. Hardy, let the men get the stuff out of that boat, and hoist her aboard. StoW her for ward. She is a good boat. And you will tell me that they have seized the Queen, .sir?' said he, turning to Mr. Matthews. 'Rose upon . us this morning, and sent every mother's son adrift,' .re plied the mate, with a bewildered look at Miss ManseL 'But how do you happen to be here?' - The young lady had sunk into '.a chair, and the commander and Mr. Matthews stood beside her. 'They called me from my cabin, caught me by the throat, gagged me, and dropped me into the sea,' an swered the girl, beginning to tremble. 'Who_ did it?' said Matthews.. 'I believe— I could not swear— it was Mr. Davenlr© * and !Mx. Oald well.' « . '.. 'We found her floating,' said the commander. 'Such things have been heard of, but a jockey would call thfem top weight amongst the preser vations.' .....,????'..:?..?.:?' ?;?:'.- : '?? . , \ .? 'Oh, the rogues, the wretches, the accursed villains!' cried Mr. Mat thews, turning an enraged face . to wards the sea over the bow. 'How long have you been adrift?' said the commander. 'Since 5 o'clock this morning.' , 'WJiere are the others?' asked the girl. 'I don't know. We ^ere &-w boats. Poole, who was to leeward, slacked his sheet and went away, and the others followed, thinking, I dare say, £hat he iiad a sail In sight The boats can't be €ar off. '-? (To be continued.) 