WAITING. Sail little boat an-av to the West, Seek ont ipy lad for me ; Tell him the hearts that love him the be-T, Sick is my heart with wajtiop so long. So pick that I can ah^H no tfw ; But the dirpes within it would change into song, li but my boy were here. ' Oh, for a glint of his bonnie blue eves : Ob, for a touch of his hand !J For him in that tar off land. Hany's tbe sea it would take to quench lore. The hearts that are moaninc to Heaven above, ' Bring back my lamb to the fold.' Sadly the moon shines now in the night. Life's lost its beauty, and home's lost its light, Xo« that my boy's a.w»y. Sail, little boat, sail swift te the West, Seek out my lad fcr me ; It u a sad fate for a self-made man to be tied for life to the tailor-made girL The mother of tbe modern girl aaya her daughter is like a piece of cheap calico — she won't wash. Yon never Quite comprehend bow mean other people are until you begin to compare them with yourseii. Nell : ' I wouldn't be in your shoes for anything.' Belle (sweetly): 'You couldn't get into them, my dear.' There is nothing more truly insinuating and deferential than the waggle ol a little dogs tail in the presence of a big dog with a bone. | Servant (to lady who arrived a little l&te; at the sewing circle) — ** Excuse me, (Liadam. but ? I'd ad vise' you to wait a few minutes. Just now they are talking about you !' I Banks (from his berth, feebly): 'I say. I Steward' (cheerfully): 4t He very thint, for j the present, sir ; but your happen ie will be Dashaway : ' Jagway hae just invented a new cocktail. J saw him yesterday, and I 1 guess iis goiuc to be a tuccess.' C!**verton : I ' What did he say about it V*1 Da.- ha way : ' He couldn't talk.*' Mother: 'I seat you my photograph Don't you think it is a good likeness ?' Mar ried Daughter : *' Well, I should say it is. It is so lifelike that when my husband saw it he turned as pale as a ghost.' Tested.— Maud: 'Marriage, they say is a lottery.' Ethel: 'That's vhu Carrie thought, I expect, when she came to look over her wedding presents. Positively the entire collection wasn't worth £10.' Teacher : ?' Do you know* why Robbie Jones is not at school 2' Tommy: ' He's sick.' Teacher : ' Are you sure v' Tommy : ?? Yes ; I saw him siuin' at the window with hisfa* : clean and his hair combed.' I 'Keep vonr temper, laddie. Never quarrel ui' angrv persons, especially a woman. Mind ye, a soft answer s- aye beau It s commanded — and, forbve, it makes them far madder than onytbing else ye could say.' Lawyer : ' What's that book you are read ing*:' 'Law Student: 'Oh it's a work on common sense.' Lawyer: ** Yes sir, and one day with such a book as that would rain your mind for legal work for ever.' Mrs. Quizfay: ''Why didn't you sell your house after you advertised it ?' Mrs. Homester: 'When we uv the description that the real estate apent gave of it, we thought it would be a paradise lost if we did.'* Taken at her Word.— Maud : 'What is the quarrel between A lice and Kate ?' Ethel : ' Why, you see, Alice aekeu Kate to tell her just what she thought of her.' Maud : 'Ye»V Kthel: ' Kate told her.' 