CURRENT EVENTS AT MR. AIGRBIJ'B QET (By Tau O'SuIeem It was somewhatapprpriate ta distinguished oficer in trie 1hat a Law Department should be tCrown his " farewell" in the old .,`d''e Hotel, and also, quite in ktee Crws' the charge for admission be eprown that But it is hoped that our orthcrown did not feel quite so sore t locality of his "crown"sr aid e of the married banqueter, thero e next morning, It seemed to me a happy is1 of Shakespeare's to roa inc Macbeth's banquet roo riad procession of the ghosts of tle the worthy head of the table business relations with in days f In like manner I could not altoo repress memories of the old cm of our guest, whether they o dleea the world or only dead to ea Thus, J. C. Ryan, P. p. Nid Fowler, Father Hefformann Lintott, R. H. Way, he.'ae, P John Wotherspoon and a host ofoh who have times withoutnumieh0 . in the revels with Mr. M'Gtral many of those then present seoe me flitting about the room, a L were but unavoidably absent t We are told that the ciat Egyptians had theratherjovitl0 of introducing askeleton orifl ber correctly a corpse at dinner pj and then bidding the assembled meditate upon what all the ea vanities of this wicked wnrld u mately lead to. Now, altlouehel finances forbade Messrs. Friende Wood indulging in such a luxry this, there was still a skeleton a th feast. This was to our local o ton the absence of any list of toasts. IL said that all those who can't recite anl won't sing, love to spout. But I suppose the long semi.sermons that have graced previous functionu foe. warned the promoters, so they lI nearly all the toasts out, I bea. their action was generally approved eý but Ilike to listen toa shortlistserend up with terse and pithy speechesal alt finishing up with choruses such a " For he's a jolly good fellow,"' R Brittannia," "Here's health to all gos lasses," etc. The surprise of the evening wasah elegant and graceful reply of the gue Few even dreamed that Mr. .M'Geh was an orator, if a very fair ord. Plenty there are, I know, who bar sat with him at nearly every banqet for folly 15 years and so far if eer he had to get upon his legs he said aht he had to say and then sat doewn u quickly as possible. But on 6i3 occasion he spoke like one to th manner born. Everything he retird to say he said and there was nc floundering or repetition such as the not given to oratory often display. It was said that after he has left Warn. gul and gone to Geelong he siT certainly be no silent guest at tsh corporation festivities down there. h fact it has been hinted that if Geelhy fails to make him a P.M., it may ate him an M.P. 