NOVEL, WARING'S PERIL. BY CAPTAIN CHARLES KING. CHAPTER IX. (CONTINUED.) ' Exactly ! that's in case she broke loose, as you say ; but even when in the shafts, as she is now, between the levees, how long would it take to sweep a fellow from here out into the gulf, providing nothing interposed to stop him ?' ' Matter of simple mathematical calcula- tion,' said Ferry, practically.' They say it's an eight-mile current easy out there in the middle where she's booming. Look at that barrel scooting down yonder. Wow, I'd lay a fiver I could cut loose from here at reveille and shoot the passes before taps and never pull a stroke. It's less than eighty miles down to the forts.' ' Well, then, a skiff like that old Anatole's blaspheming about losing wouldn't take very long to ride over that route, would it ?' said Kinsey, reflectively. ' No, not if allowed to slide. But some- body'd be sure to put out and haul it in as a prize,—flotsam and what-you-may-call-'em. You see these old niggers all along here with their skiffs tacking on to every bit of drift- wood that's worth having.' ' But, Ferry, do you think they'd venture out in such a storm as Sunday last ?—think anything could live in it short of a decked ship ?' ' No, probably not. Certainly not Anatole's boat.' ' Well, that's just what I'm afraid of, and what Cram and Reynolds dread.' ' Do they ? Well, so far as that storm's concerned, it would have blown it down- stream until it came to the big bend below here to the east. Then, by rights, it ought to have blown against the left bank. But every inch of it has been scouted all the way to quarantine. The whole river was filled with drift, though, and it might have been wedged in a lot of logs and swept out any how. Splendid ship, that ! Who is she, do you suppose ?' The great black hull with its lofty tracery of masts and spars was now just about opposite the barracks, slowly and majesti- cally ascending the stream. ' One of those big British freight steamers that moor there below the French Market, I reckon. They seldom come up at night unless it's in the full of the moon, and even then more with the utmost caution. See, slowing up now.' ' Hello ! Listen ! What's that ?' e- claimed Ferry, starting to his feet. A distant, muffled cry. A distant shot. The sentry at the sally-port dashed through the echoing vault, then bang ! came the loud roar of his piece, followed by the yell of— ' Fire ! fire ! The guard !' With one spring Ferry was down the levee and darted like a deer across the road, Kinsey lumbering heavily after. Even as he sped through the stone- flagged way, the hoarse roar of the drum at the guard-house, fol- lowed instantly by the blare of the bugle from the battery quarters, sounded the stir- ring alarm. A shrill, agonized female voice was madly screaming for help. Guards and sentries were rushing to the scene, and flames were bursting from the front window of Doyle's quarters. Swift though Ferry ran, others were closer to the spot. Half a dozen active young soldiers, members of the in- fantry guard, had sprung to the rescue. When Ferry dashed up to the gallery he was just in time to stumble over a writhing and prostrate form, to help extinguish the blazing clothing of another, to seize his water-bucket and douse its contents over a third,—one yelling, the others stupefied by smoke—or something. In less time than it takes to tell it, daring fellows had ripped down the blazing shades and shutters, tossed them to the parade beneath, dumped a heap of soaked and smoking bedding out of the rear windows, splashed a few bucketfuls of water about the reeking room, and the fire was out. But the doctors were working their best to bring back the spark of life to two senseless forms, and to still the shrieks of agony that burst from the seared and blis- tered lips of Bridget Doyle. While willing hands bore these scorched semblances of humanity to neighboring rooms and tender-hearted women hurried to add their ministering touch, and old Braxton ordered the excited garrison back to quarters and bed, he, with Cram and Kinsey and Ferry, made prompt examination of the premises. On the table two whiskey-bottles, one empty, one nearly full, that Dr. Potts declared were not there when he left at one. On the mantel a phial of chloroform, which was also not there before. But a towel soaked with the stifling contents lay on the floor by Jim's rude pallet, and a handker- chief half soaked, half consumed, was on the chair which had stood by the bedside among the fragments of an overturned kerosene lamp. A quick examination ef the patients showed that Jim, the negro, had been chloro- formed and was not burned at all, that Doyle was severely burned and had probably inhaled flames, and that the woman was crazed with drink, terror, and burns com- bined. It took the efforts of two or three men and the influence of powerful opiates to quiet her. Taxed with negligence or com- plicity on the part of the sentry, the sergeant of the guard repudiated the idea, and assured colonel Braxton that it was an easy matter for any one to get either in or out of the garrison without encountering the sentry, and, taking his lantern, led the way out of the hospital grounds, by a wind ing foot-path among the trees to a point in the high white picket fence where two slats had been shoved aside. Any one coming along the street without could pass far beyond the ken of the sentry at the west gate, and slip in with the utmost ease, and once inside, all that was necessary was to dodge possible reliefs and patrols. No sentry was posted at the gate through the wall that separated the garrison proper from the hos- pital grounds. Asked why he had not re- ported this, the sergeant smiled and said there were a dozen others just as convenient, so what was the use ? He did not say, how ever, that he and his fellows had recourse to them night after night. It was three o'clock when the officers' families fairly got settled down again and back to their beds, and the silence of night once more reigned over Jackson Barracks. One would suppose that such a scene of ter- ror and excitement was enough, and that now the trembling, frightened women might be allowed to sleep in peace ; but it was not to be. Hardly had one of their number closed eyes, hardly had all the flickering lights, save those at the hospital and guard house, been downed again, when the strained nerves of the occupants of the officers' quad- rangle were jumped into mad jangling once more and all the barracks aroused a second time, and this, too, by a woman's shriek of horror. Mrs. Conroy, a delicate, fragile little body, wife of a junior lieutenant of infantry oc- cupying a set of quarters in the same build- ing with, but at the opposite end from, Pierce and Waring, was found lying senseless at the head of the gallery stairs. When revived, amid tears and tremblings and incoherent exclamations she declared , that she had gone down to the big ice-chest on the ground floor to get some milk for her nervous and frightened child and was hurry- ing up the stairs again,—the only means of communication between the first and second floors,—when, face to face, in front of his door, she came upon Mr. Waring, or his ghost ; that his eyes were fixed and glassy ; that he did not seem to see her when he spoke for speak he did. His voice sounded like a moan of anguish, she said, but the words were distinct : ' Where is my knife ? Who has taken my knife ?' And then little Pierce, who had helped to raise and carry the stricken woman to her room, suddenly darted out on the gallery and ran along to the door he had closed four hours earlier. It was open. Strik- ing a match, he hurried though into the chamber beyond, and there, face downward upon the bed, lay his friend and comrade Waring, moaning like one in the delirium of fever. 