A Buy's Prank and Its Results. By Coea M. Anderson, Pinjarra, Western Australia, aged fourteen years five months. Francis was the boy's name, and Ada was his sister. ' Francis was a bright, mischievous boy. He was toe head of his class ia school, but through his tricks he was always getting into trouble. Ada, his sister, was quite different, being rather delicate— a very qniet, gentle girl. No brother and sister were ever more unlike, her almost black hair, dark eyes and sallow complexion forming a. striking contrast to his fair hair, grey eyes, and that mischievous look which never Left his face. - Francis liked to frighten his sister, and beitig fond of reading ghost stories (the more fright ing toe better), he was able to pick out one to tell his sister that would have made the hair of most people stand on end. This night the wind was howling around the house, and Francis was telling his sister a most terrifying jghost story. When he had come to the end of it, Ada was looking frightened indeed. "Now, you silly thing, I expect you will be seeing a gfiost," her brother said. But Ada remembered the ghost all the next day. Even in the afternoon it haunted her. The school was nearly a mile off, but that day they were let out a little earlier than usual, in order to be home before it rained. A heavy thunderstorm was coming up. Ada had to go to the store for some groceriesvand by toe time she was half way home, she hadtostop at a neigh bor's house for shelter from toe storm. Francis had gone straight home. Down the rain came in torrents," lightning flashing everywhere. It was nearly dark when the storm was over. The water lay in pools on the ground. Ada had yet half a mile to go through a thick dense scrub. This was not all. A waterhole that she had to go past was said to be haunted. A few months before a tramp had been found drowned in it. Since then, after dark, a tramp was said to roam about there. . Asehe walked along, toe branches threw down showers of raindrops. The moon came up : bright and clear, shining down between the branches. The ghost story kept running through Ada's head. She quite expected to see the tramp's ghost. Trembling with feaXj she crept up nearer and nearer the waterhole. " Oh 1 If she only knew some other track than that past the waterhole." She dare not leave the narrow track, winding in and out among toe bushes. She knew no other way. , Hark ! what was that noise ? Was not that something ? It moved. It was not a stamp, was it? She stood still. No, it was onfya shadow. But — something farther on, quite white and motionless. The branches moved, and the light fell on it. Only a bough of withered leaves. She started on again, when something sprang out from behind a hash. It stood against the dark background of leaves white and shrouded. The ghost ! Slowly It raised its hand as if in warning. There it stood, white and motionless as a etatufe. For one moment did" Ada stand trans fixed ; then, urito a terrified cry, sfee dashed madlyaway. -But was not the ghost rather smaR ? It laughed. . V ; To her toe laogh was terrible,; hut in reality < It was one she should have known very >well. " Splash ! she was in toe waterhole ! She had ran right into it in her fright, r . .The ghostis hand fell, and he ran toward toe ,v waterhole. There wss Ada, right - -in the middle, s'ruggling." Do wn 'she disappeared. A few babbles arose. That wsb all - The ghost saw this, and flung off the shroud. Now it was- -too ghost no longer— only i F cancis, Ada Vbrother. V- Franris juteed mafter feis sister. Bat the waterhole was a arge one, and he conld not find her. He was frightened. What oould he do ? . If she was not found at once she would be drowned. He had only meant to frighten her. Had he killed her ? It was regret as much as fekr that haunted him. Troublesome ghosts both. As soon as he scrambled out he gave ww look around. If she were not saved, and it were known he had played ghost, he would get into trouble i hung, perhaps, he thought. He -thought he neednot sav anything about it. He snatched up the sheet which was now quite wet With the shrubs toat at every breeze sent down & shower of rain with a pelter. Rolling it np under his arm, he ran home. He had never run so fast before. A number of shrubs grew beneath toe gum trees, and everywhere the stag-fern and fallen logs covered the place. As soon as Francis reached home he threw the shrond in through the window. He had already made up toe -story he would tell his mother. She was preparing a supper for Ada. " Ada's fallen in the waterhole; she was running hard and Ml in. I cduldn't get her out." His father and a man off the farm ran off at once, bttt the waterhole' was deep, and dark night had come, for the moon was again clonded. Years ago — for the waterhole was very old— a large tree had crashed right into it, and some of ite limb still remained there. At last toey got her dead hody, and carried it home. . : Francis, bed-time came, was sent to bed. He had wrung toe detet as dry -as pbs&bte;, and- put it ia his bed. : ri . Not a very comfortable bed, nor A very good rest. . " . ; . A damp sheet and a guilty conscience. Horrible dreams of ghosts aud Waterhbles hauuted him all night long. In toe morning he was told that Ada was dead. The thought of how bad a brother he had been kept running through his mind. . How he had always tried to frighten her. If she had not f alien into toe waterhole, they would most likely have quarrelled and made it up, and he would have thought no more about it. That day the inquest was held, and the Coroner asked Francis all sorts of questions. This gentleman's sharp eyes seemed to read his very thoughts, yet Francis was afraid to tell the trnth. . Ada was buried, and Francis cried bitterly. He wanted to tell, and yet was afraid. The next morning he did not get up. He was1 too sick to leave his bed, aud had a fever ish appearance. In toe afternoon he began to ramble. A doctor was sent for.- " Clearly a case of brain fever, "he said. ' He must be watched very closely, as there is no saying what he may do." \- Franois kept on calling .to Ada daring the night. He believed she was there, heaping him' with reproaches. The next morning the doctor came again, a«d gave Francis a sleeping draught. Soon after he sauk into a quiet sleep, and his mother, "who had been watching all night, took a short rest. Presently Francis woke up. No one, he toonght, in his delirium, was there but Ada.. " Go away, Ada ; go away. I did not know you would fall in, I -only meant to frighten you." His mother, who awoke atjtoefirstreund, now started up, wondering" « o =! All of a sudden the ' flashed on. he mind. He had often fcriCcl to frighten his sisteri- She hurried into his; room, but he Vfaa not there. i. i ,\tT/ -J She looked out of theindow. He was rnnning into "-the Crah as hard-SB- possible, with a sheet thrown over his fiead - She ran oat, and after him, jyiiM.to-hiS'' father, who was working a little way offT Both gave chase. They did not overtake him until he had reached the fatal water-hole. As he now stood still they slackened their pace. Up out of the water-hole, it seemed to Francis, there arose a fisrure. Francis folded tho shoal; quite close about him, and bent over toe water- hole as if looking for something. To hjs fevered fancy, it seemed that the figure threw baric long, dark hair from its face. It was Ada ! Franois stood still — looking fixedly at the im aginary figure. Then, he thought, Ada called him. He made a start, and fell in head first, and immediately sank, being unable to straggle on account of the sheet, ' His mother and father, rushed to the spot. His father jumped in to save Fronds. He conld not find him at once, for to dive under the lithb was decidedly dangerous, and when he did at last find him and threw- him on the bank, he too was dead. 