THE PHANTOM HORSEMAN. A Tale of Tasmania. BY C.R.G. I MAY preface the following true story by stating that I have not, and never had, any belief in the super natural. Spirits-unless in a liquid state-I reckon but the myths of the superstitions; spiritualism I estimate as arrant humbug, and. the so- called supernatural appearances and extra ordinary "manifestations" of which we hear so much merely the natural result of trickery imposing upon mental weakness. I firmly believe that all the singular phenomena produced by mediums, clairvoyants, thought-readers, et hoc genus omne, are the outcome of human ingenuity or jugglery, and may be readily ac counted for by those who dip deeply. into scientific lore, or who may happen to be expert professors of the art of legerdemain. So great indeed is my contempt for the ghostly fraternity that I would as lief sleep in a church yard -as in a hotel, were it not for the inconvenience . which would un doubtedly be caused by the hardness of a tombstone for a pillow; and feel sure that no respectable ghost would resent my intrusion into the neigh bourhood of his prison house. It was in Tasmania, about 22 years ago, that I saw the Phantom Horse man. The title is a purely fanciful one, as for reasons above stated, I no more believe that he was a phantom than I believe in the libels written about Australian pronunciation. The time was, appropriately enough, midnight. It was pitchy dark, and inky thunder-" clouds covered the firmament and hung over the earth like a funeral pall. A fitting time and night indeed for the perambulations of unearthly visitants, yet I was young, tired, and hungry, and my only thought was to get home to a comfortable fire and something to eat. Certainly thoughts of ghosts never entered my head. I was riding homewards from a country house known as "The Bend," situ ated on the North ?sk River. The lateness of the hour, and the threaten ing storm induced me to urge my horse to a hand gallop, and just as I turned into a narrow lane about a mile from home the storm burst in all its fury. And it was furious ! Torrents of rain descended-each drop seemed a bucketful; peals of thunder suc ceeded each other with startling and deafening rapidity, and flash after flash of sheet lightning at intervals of a few seconds lit up the scene and rendered every object as plainly visible as at midday. The lane I was riding in was a very nar row footpath-so narrow that in gal loping along my feet brushed against the gorse hedges on either side of me There was no room for even a sheep to pass my horse in the lane; of that I am certain. , In fact it was not once in six months that anybody ever rode along the path; it was merely in tended for foot passengers, and I had only ridden into it in the hope of get ting home by the nearer way in time to avoid a drenching.. About half way up the lane a flash of lightning more vivid than usual lit up the scene, and to my horror it showed me another horseman a few paces in front of me, also riding at full gallop, and coming from the place to which I was making. The lightning's flash en abled me to see everything clearly. The man was mounted on a grey horse, and was dressed in a light grey tweed suit, felt hat pressed down over his eyes, and top boots. He had no overcoat, but a comforter of some kind wrapped round his throat. The feeling of horror I experienced was not because of any superstitious fear, but simply because I took horse and rider to be composed of flesh, blood and bone, like myself and my steed, and knew that under the cir cumstances a collision was inevitable. We were only a couple of lengths apart, both riding at a gallop, and there was not the slightest possibility of passing each other or pulling up our horses. We were certain to run into each other. I involuntarily shut my eyes and awaited the shock. A couple of seconds suspense and nothing happening, I opened them again. Another flash of lightning came, and lo! my horseman had disappeared, and I could see right up the straight lane tothe white gate at the end. I pulled up, turned round, and at the next-flash, looked back whence I had come. The lane was empty, nor was there any sign of living thing in the fields on either side of the gorse hedge. Well, I rode on home in a state of simple bewilderment. The horseman must have called at the house in order to get the key of the gate leading into the lane, but inquiry there only in tensified the mystery, as no one had called 'since Ileft five hours previously, and the gate was, as usual, securely padlocked, for the lane was a private one,, and "no thoroughfare" to the general public. Then I began to think .I had at last seen a real live ghost. 