Amusements* WE DO SOT know Avhy it is so, but Norwood and Kensington appear to be a good way behind some of the other towns suburban to Adelaide in the matter of amusements. We are constantly reading of people's entertainments being given at North Adelaide, Unley, Goodwood, and other places, which appear to be well patronized, and we see no reason why a corporate town like ours with a population of nearly 13,000 should be totally unprovided for in this respect. It appears to us that a series of entertainments, the admission to which should be only such as to cover expenses, given during the winter months would be very acceptable to the inhabitants and would be largely I availed of. We have many residents amongst us well qualified to take part I in such pleasure giving seances. We need mention but two names—those of Mr. A. W. Dobbie and Mr. J. H. Lyons—to show that we are not without musical and lecturing talent of a very high order, and we feel confident that bot'i these gentlemen if approached, would be only too happy to place their abilities at the service of an influential committee. Singing, athletics, recitations, and lecturettes should form attractive programmes, and.the expenses need be only nominal. We are not aware upon what terms the Town Hall might be obtainable for such entertainments as we suggest, but no doubt with their usual liberality and in the interest of the ratepayers the Mayor and Council would place it at the disposal of approved committeemen on very moderate terms. We believe that this kind of thing would be really beneficial, as it would not only amuse, but it would bring the townspeople together, and cement friendships and ripen mere acquaintanceship into cloBer relationship. We trust that this suggestion will meet with the approval of our readers, and that we shall at an early date be able to announce that a winter series o£ entertainments has been established in Norwood. WHERE THE OARRIOIT IS THEEE WILL THE VOLTURES BE GATHERED TOGETHER.—Also the bald headed old reprobates, the embryo ditto in the shape of " Johnnies " and strange to say th$ wives, mothers, aunts, mothersin-law and sisters of the said human vultures. Adelaide has the strange reputation, strange because undeserved, of being a holy city, and through it's sycophantic press it poses as such. As a fact it is the most immoral city in the island continent and anything in the form of, we had almoBt written, an indecent show, but we will say a risque performance in which practically nude women form the leading attraction is certain of unbounded patronage, whilst talented exponents of classical wuBic, Shakespeare or the Legitimate Drama may think themselves lucky if " the ghost walks " with even a discounted screw on hand on Monday mornings. How is this f On Saturday night you may see a crowd of our so called aristocracy gloating over the exposed persons of both sexee, enjoying with evident delight the suggestive intricacies of dances quite as so—so HS those of the Indian Nautoli girls which are at any rate not quite so publicly performed and chuckling at the double entendrea of the libretto ; and on Sunday morning you may see the same people with their go to meeting clothes and faces on, sitting in the House of God and pretending to a devotion very, very distant from tlieir hearts and minds. There is no harm in innocent amusements, there is no very great harm we presume in looking at the shapely limbs of those who are exponents of the class of entertainment alluded to, but we venture to say that there is very great harm in those who patronize and enjoy these shows posing as god religious Christians. Of all things Sirs and Mesdames do not commit the unpardonable sin of hypocrisy, but when you have decided that you would of all things like to see|yofir daughters, or sisters, or nieces, Gaiety Girls on account of the purity of the employment, then go to church with a clear conscience, thank God you are a consistent Communicant and don't be too severe on your erring bretheren who are still unbelievers in legs and lacsiviousness. NORTH ADELAIDE ELECTION*.—Mr. W. H. Wadey a candidate, opposes further increase of land or income tax introduction of alien labour, Land Grant Railways and sale of Crown Lands, State Banks and tinkering the Licensed Victtallers Act, is in favour of perpetual leasing, retrenchment, compulsory early closing,' LakeBonney scheme local option as to closing hotels, adult suffrage and federation. We published Mr. P. McGlynn's views last week but they may be briefly summarized thus :— He is opposed to the single tax, State bank and credit foncier, all monopolies and land grant railways Favours pastoralists having fixity of tenure, federation, favours a simple rather than progressive land tax, perpetual leasing and intercolonial free trade. He believes attention should be paid to the Darling and Murray trade, that the customs duties press too hard on the poor man as against the rich and that Sunday closing is a failure. The candidature of Mr. Bastard can scarcely be taken seriously. The nominations took place on Wednesday when the above three gentlemen were nominated. The election takes place to-day at the Temperance Hall North Adelaide when keen competition i6 expected between Messrs. Glynn and Wadey, the former for choice. BAXQCET TO THE EX-RAILWAY COHitissiONERB.—If anything were required to emphasize the opinion held by the public with reference to the treatment vouchsafed to Mr. J. H. Smith and his confreres, it was supplied on Tuesday evening by the unaminous condemnation of the Ministry expressed by the large and influential gathering which met in the Town Hall. It was noticeable that no member of the Government was present afact which goes far to prove the assertion that the action taken was the outcome of private malice. That the banquet was intended not only a9 a compliment to the late Commissioners but also as a protest against the ministerial action provided no reason for the absence of the Minister ruling the Railway Department. The Government acknowledged that these gentlemen have performed their duties with impartiality and distinguished ability, and it appears to us that the very least the Ministry should have done was to acknowledge this fact by taking part in the festivities in hononr of such valuable public servants. They have not only shown bad taste but rank cowardice. The speeches were excellent and the enthusiasm unbounded. Mr. J. H. Symon was very severe upon Mr. Kingston and he echoed popular inspiration when he concluded by saying " perhaps I may be forgiven if I ask you to breathe one stage aside for the early disappearance from the political sphere of a Ministry which is past all hope of redemption." 