A Ghost's Rhapsody. The ghoet hoe roused the the bummers' ire They threaten him with vengeance dire, If thus again he strikes the lyre. He'll rue it ! Vet they have had a good long run, Unchecked at poking ribald fun ; Perhaps before the ghoet has done They'll rue it ! Live wits have had their ' barmy' day, The ghost will chirp a little lay ; Now, Clipper, will you see fair play P (Yes, go it.) Here goes ! As short of cosh as sense The bum computes his wealth by pence ; Bnt what of that P 0 ? the expense, He'll bluo it ! Bo round they scurry with the hat, And each drops in his little sprat To give the ghost a tit for tat. They'll do it! They rally up their sec— Jgad He is a braw and gallant lad, Although hiB half Bhorn patient prad Wants feeding ! The prad he leaves for weary hours, Exposed to wintry blasts and showers, While he disports in Bacchus' bowers Unheeding ! The sec with nod and leary wink Has led his bummer friends to think That he's a devil with pen, and ink, Aud spelling ! Great Scott ! The noisy bummer skitcs, O'erloads the reeking air with fights. The see's already throe parts tight, And yelling '. Uh Moses ! how they rage and swell, The ghost they would consign to — well, A place that ends like ' Who Can Tell ' If spelling! ' I wish,' howls one half full of beer, ' If I had the (carmine — something) here I'd make his (musu't print it) ear Start swelling !' ' Look here, you chaps I'm ou the job, And open now to plank a bob, 1 make for aohos his (blanky) nob A dwelling!' i 'Gosh! gimme half a show, I'll teach — ' j The sec just tben let out a screech , That rang from Pontvillc to Old Beach, And further .' The bummer gave an angry stare, Then hitting from the shoulder fair, Sent soc to sleep beneath his chair. Blue murthcr ! The shindy brought the boss in quick ; i Their stuff is gone, he won't give tick To sec, and all must cut their stick Aud mizzle '. But, fora while, u truce to jest, , Tlie ghost will give himself a rest ; Ah for the liuniK, their ' shots ' ut best Are lizzie! Then An Beroir, the bums wo hope Will do leas beer and uso uiuro soap, Or else invent the bob in rope, Aud ueg it ! THE CtMLTLliy, July 20, 18'Jo. 