THE. . SEVENTH STEP. (CONTINUED.) ^liss Sorauscn did not tilj—site ■was far too -much excited. Sins etood near tha door of bar little cabin. " ))id you rcr.lly hear the bottlo fall and break, yesterday morning f" I near'd a noise which tiipht be ac •counted for in that way,” I answered. 4< Anldid yon hear my iuotstep3 “1 heard footsteps.” ” Suker llagar said that you knew—I i doped—I camostiv trusted tliai she was.-,vreng.” ^^,|C Kow could sue possibly tell ?” I replied. ■ ber on tbe stairs coming towards ™G exbin. I certfduhy said nothing—bow Teas it possible for iter to road my secret ■ thouchtai” ” It was cuiic, ^possible. Slie saw the amowledKe in vow-ayes ; abe gave you one . glance—>th&c; was sufficient. Oh 1 I hoped ■nbe wr a mistaken ” “ Miss is not u. tell-tale face,” I said. •‘Not to most people, hut it is to her., ion dwa’t know' her. She is the most, 'wnndecrul, extraordinary woman that ever • ibreatised. She can read people through1 ■alIa through. She can stand behind you’ and fcrjow when your eyes tlaah and your lips', smite. Her knowledge is tertible. She can ®hr jest sue through stems walls. I told you X uijrht that I dreaded her—I do more than t! /A—I fear her hortifcly—she makes my 'life B iV'aily-ic:rgatory ‘‘tiit down,” 1 said, in a voice which I /hade on purposo both cold and stern ; •' it is Sreyy bad for you to exeite yoursolf in this • ..... f%aj. If you dislike Sister Hager, why is crshCyeur nurse 1 In short, what can be your 'possible motive ter going through this extra ■'Ordir.iuy act of deception ? Are you not tawarc that you are acting in a '"iiio-.t. reprehensible manner 5 Why do you '•wic.'i the passengers of the Ariadne to sup. ■pcan you to be paralysed, when jcu are in ‘TCxliry in perfect health ? ” 41 In perfest health? ” she repeated, with ;■-a shudder. •' Yes, I am doubtless in perfect '•bodily health, but I am in—oil, iu snoh '■-letter anguish of soul.” 41 What do von mean?" 441 can no more tell you that than I can 'tell you why I am iu Sister Kagar’s power. Pray forget my wild words. I know you think badly of me, but your feelings would bB changed to profound pity if you could guess the truth. Now listen to me—I Slave only a moment or two left, for Sister Bngar will be back almost directly. Slie found out yester day that you had guessed my secret. I loped that this was not the case, but, us usual, she was right and I was wrong. The moment my eyes met yours, whan I first came on deck, I thought it likoly that you might see through my deception. Sister Hagar also feared that such would be the case. Itwason that account thas I avoided speaking to you, and also that I remained so silent and apparently uninterested in everyone when I went on deck. I asked for this interview •yesterday for the express purpose of finding out whether you really knew about the deception which I was practising on every one on board. If I discovered that yon had pierced through my disguise, there was nothing for it but for mo to throw myself on your mercy. Now you know why I was so desirous of seeing you without Mr Curwen.” 441 understand," I answered. “The whole matter is most strange, wrong, and incomprehensible. Before I leave you, may 1 »!K what motive influences you 1 There must be some secret reason for such deception as y'ou practice.” Mins Sorensen colored, end for the first time since sho began to make her confession, her voice grew weak and faltering—her eyes took a shitty glance, and refused to meet 44 Ibo motive may seem slight enough to yon,” she said ; “ but to me it is, and was, sufficiently powerful to make me go through with this sham. My home is not a happy : I one; I have a step-mother who treats me ii.'it-k v.. i-«rneliy, I longed to get away from home "llv’. ‘"vandtosee-something of life. My father’s brother. Professor Sorensen, of SL Petersburg, •—— is a very celebrated Court physician—my father is prond of him, and has often men tioned his name and the luxurious palace in which ha lives. I have never met him, but 1 took a curious longing' to pay him a visit, and thought of this way of obtaining my desires. Professor Sorensen has made a special study of nervous diseases such as paralysis. Sister Hagar and I talked the matter over, and I resolved to feign this disease in order to get away from home and • to pay my uncle a visit. All went well with -ent hitch of any sort until yesterday morn ?‘But it is impossible for you to suppose,” I said,, "that you can take in a specialist like Professor Sorensen.” * *1 don’t mean to try—ha’ll forgive me when I tell him the truth, and throw myself on his “And is Sister Hagar a real nurse 1 ” I ■iked, after a pause. “No, but she has studied the part a little, and is far too olever to commit herself.” Miss Sorensen’s face was no longer pale— ■ rich color flamed in her aheeks, her eyes blazed—she looked wonderfully handsome. “ And now that you have confided in me,” I said, “what do you expect me to do with my knowledge ?” “To respect my secret, and to keep it ab solutely and strictly to yourself.” “ That is impossible—I oannot deceive dnrwen.” “ You must—you shall. Why should two —two be sacrificed. And he [is so young, ■nd he knows nothing now—nothing. Oh, do have meroy on him. Oh, my God, what wild words am I saying? What must yon think She paused abruptly, her blazing eyes were •fixed on my face. “What must you think of me?” she re “Ihat you are in a very excitable and over ■trained condition, and perhaps not quite answerable for your actions,” I replied. “ Yes, yes,” she continued; “I am over ■trained—over-anxious—not qnite account able—yes—that is it—that is it—but you will mot tell Mr Curwen—Oh, be merciful to me, I beg of you. We shall soon reach St Peters burg. Wait, at least, until we get there before you tell him—promise me that. Tell i. him then if you like—tell all the world then 'A.-ir';—; if you choose to do ao, but respect my eeorat V '■“Bl we roach Kueaia.” • " \- T As Miss Sorensen epoke she laid her hand .' On my arm—she looked at me with a passion A: •which seemed absolutely inadequate to her wry poor reason for going through this ex traordinary deception. “Promise me,” she said; “there’s Sister Hagar’a knock at the door—let her iu—but ,i: v promise me first.” “ I will think the whole case over care fully before I speak to anyone about it,” 1 • mplied. I threw the door open as 1 spoke ■nd went out of the little cabin as Sister .Hagar came In. That afternoon Curwen asked mo about Hiss Sorenson—1 replied to him briefly. “ I will tell you all abont the ease,” I said, in a abort time—there is a mystery which theyoung lady has divulged, and which she Ans earnestly implored of me to respect until m reach St. Petersburg. “ Then you believe she can be cured?” Bald Curwen. “Unquestionably—butitiaastrauea story •adit is impussible forme to discuss it until I can give you my full confience. In the Wntims there ie nothing to be done in th, Wfcdioal way for Miss Sown sen—I should re commend her to keep on deck as much aa possible—she is iu ahighly hysterical state, **d the more fresh air she gets, the better.” Curwen was obliged to be satisfied with this very lame summary of the ?ase, and the ■ext time lsaw Miss Sorensen, I bent over ber and told her that I intended to respeot bar secret until after we arrived at St. '/ • Petersburg. ■£7 “I don’t know howto thank yon enough,” •haaaid—her eyes flashed with ioy, and she ^teame instantly the most animated and fas cinating woman on board. At last we reached the great northern port, And first amongst those to come on board tho Ariadne whs the tall and aristocratic form of Professor Sorensen. I happened to wit (409) ness tho meeting between him and his beautiful niece. He ^tbepcd down and hissed her on her 'white brow. A flush of scmM spread all ever her face as he did so. [T-ir v spoke a few words togather— then Sister Hagar came, ap and couched Miss Sorenson on her arm. The next moment I was requested to corns and speakto the voung lady. __' ‘ -day X introduce you to my cnoie, Dr Halifax?” aha said. ’‘Professor Sorenson—Dr ! Halifax. I can scarcely ceil you, Uncle Oscar,” con'inuti'i tho young lady, looking rail in his face, how good Dr Halifax lias, been to me during my voyago." j Professor ’Sorensen made a polito rejoinder to this, and immediately invited me to come, to see him at his palace in the Nevski,; I was ahaul to refuse with all tho politeness Icocld muster, when Miss Sorensen gave 'mo a glance of suoh teeviblo entreaty that it staggered me, and almost Threw mo off my brlanfee. ‘1 ~Yon will corns; you mu3t come,'1 she “ l can take no reioenl,” exclaimed the Professor. " 1 sen delighted to welcome yon ! as s brother in Che great world of tr.edieal | science. I have no doubt tiiat we shall have [much o£ intorect to talk over together. My ! laboratory has the rood fortuno to be somu ( what celebratod, and J have made experiments in the cultivation of microbes which I should [ like to talk ever with you. Ton will uo me tho felicity of dining with me this evening, Dr Halifax X” ! I considered the situation briefly—I glanced again at Miss Soroneen. “I will come,” I said—sho gave a sigh of relief, and lowered her eyes. Profesoor Sorensen moved away, and Sister Eager wont into the young lady’s cabin to fetch something. For a moment -Miss Sorensen and X wore alone. She gave me an imperious gesture to oome close to' her. “Sit on that ohair—Btoop down, I don’t want others to know,” she said. I obeyed her in some surprise. “ You have bc3n good, more than good,” sho said, “ and X respect you. 1 thank- you from my heart. Do one last thing for ,J What is that ?” “ Don't tell our secret to Maurioe Cur wen until you have returned from dining with my uncle. Promise me this : I havo a very grave reason for asking it of you.” I “ I shall probably not havo time to tell him between now and this evening,” I said, “ as | 1 mean immediately to land and occupy myself looking over the place.” At this moment Sister Hagar appeared, carrying all kinds of rugs and parcels— amongst them was a small, brass-bound box whioh seemed to be of considerable weight. As she approached us, the nnrso knocked her foot against a partition in the deck, stumbled, and would havo fallen had I not rushed to her assistance. At the same time the heavy brass-bound box tell witii some force to the ground. The shook must have touched some secret spring, for the cover immediately bounoed open and several packets of papers were sliewn on the dock. I stooped to pick them un, but Norse Hagar wrenched them from my hands with such force that I could not help glancing at her in astonishment. One paoket had been thrown to a greater distance than tho others. I reached back my hand to pick it up, and, as 1 did so, my eyes lighted on a name in small blaok characters on the cover. Tho name was Olga Krostofeki. Below it was something which looked like hieroglyphics, but I knew enough, of tho Russian tongue to ascertain that it was the same name in Russ —with the figure 7 below it. I returned the packet to the nurse—sho gave me a glance whioh I was destined to remember afterwards—and Miss Sorenson uttered a faint cry und turned suddenly white to her lips. Professor Sorensen came hastily up—he administered a restoiative to hiB niece, and said that tho excitement of seeing him had evidently been too much for her in her weak ituto. A moment later the entire party had left the yacht. It was night when I got to the magnificent palace in tho NevskiProspeot where Professor Sorensen resided. I was received with ceremony by several servants in handsome livery, and conducted immediately to .a bedroom on the first floor of the building. The room was of colossal size and height, and, warm as the weather still was, was artificially heated by pipes which ran along the walls. The hangings and the ocher appoiutmeuts of this apart ment were of the costliest, and ae I looked around me i could not help coming to the conclusion that a Court physician at St. Petersburg must hold a very lucrative posi Having already made my toilet, I was about to leave the room to find my way as best I could to the reoep tion-rooms on the gronnd floor, when, to my unbounded amazement. I saw the massive oak door of the chamber quickly and silently open, and Miss Sorensen, magnifi cently dressed, with diamonds in her black hair and flashing round her slim white throat, came in. She had not made the slightest sound in opening tho door, aud now she put her finger to her lips to enjoin siicr.co on my part. She closed the door gently bahind her, and, coming up to my side, pressed a note into, my hand. She then turned to go. “ What is the meaning of this ?” I began. “The note will tell you,” she replied. “Ob, yes, I am well, quite well—I have told my uncle all about my deception on board the Ariadne. For God's sake don’t keep me now. If lam discovered all is lost.” She reached the door as she spoke, opened it with a deft, swift, absolutely silent move ment, and disappeared. I could not tell why, but when I was left once more alone I felt a chill rnnning throach me. I went deliberately up to the oak door and turned the key in the heavy look. The splendid bedroom was bright as day with electric light. Standing by the door I opened Miss Sorensen’s note. My horrified eyes fell on tfie following words:— “We receive no mercy, and we give none. Your doom was nearly fixed when you found ont the secret of my false paralysis on board the Ariadne. It was absolutely and irrevocably sealed when yon saw my real name on the packet of letters whioh fell ont of the brass bound box to-day. The secret of my retnm to Russia is death to those who discover it unbidden. “ It is decreed by those who never alter or change that yon do not leave this palace alive. It is utterly hopeless for you to try to escape, foron all hands the doors aregoarded; and even if you did succeed in reaching the streets, we have plenty of emissaries there to do onr work for us. You know enough of our secrets to make your death desirable—it is therefore arranged that yon are to die. I like you and pity yon. I have a heart, and yon have touched it. If I can I will save you. I do this at the risk of my life, but that does not matter—we hold oar lives cheap—we alwaysoarry them in our hands, andare ready to lay them down at any inBtant. I may not succeed in saving you, lint I will try. 1 am not quite certain how your death is to be accomplished, but I have a very shrewd suspicion of the manner in whioh the final attack on your life will be made. Your only ohance—remember, yonr only chance of escape—is to appear to know absolutely nothing—toBhow not the ghost of a suspicion •f any underhand practices; to pat forth all yonr poweis to fascinate and please Professor Sorensen and the guests who will dine with us to-night. Show no sntprise at anything you see—ask no impertinent questions. I have watched yon, and I believe you are clever enongh and have eafficient nerve to act as I suggest. Pay me all the attention in yonr power—make love to me even a little, if yon like—that will not matter, for we shall never meet again after to- night. After dinner you will be invited to accompany Professor Sorenson to his laboratory— he will aak no other guest to do this. On no account refuse—go with him and I will go with you. Where he goes and where I go,follow without flinch ing. If you feel astonishment do not show it. And now, all that I'haveeaid leads up to this final remark. Avoid the Beventh step. Bear this ini yonr mind—it yonr last chance.— DAOSCitR.’’ I read this note over twice. The terrible fooling of horror loft mo after the second reading. I felt braced and resolute. I suspected, what was indeed the case, that I had fallen unwittingly into n hornet's nest et Nihilists. 'How mad I had been to eomo to Professor Sorenson's palace ! I had fully made up ray mind that Miss Sorensen had told mo lies, when sho cave me her foeble roicona for acting as she had done on board the Ariadna. No matter that now, however, Sho fepoko the truth at last. The latter l crocked in my hand was not a lie. I re solved to be wary, guarded—and when the finel moment came, to sell my life dearly. I hr.d a box of matches in my pockot. I 'burnt tho note to white ash, and then crushed the ashes to powder under my foot. I then went downstairs. Servants were standing about, who quickly directed me to the rcception-rocms. The powdered fooltnan fluuc the door of the great drawing-room open and called my nemo in a ringing voice. Professor Sorensen came forward to meet me. A lady came up at the same moment and hold out iter hand. She was drossed in blaek velvet, with rteh lace and many magnificent diamonds. They shone in i her sandy hair and glistoned round her thin throat. I started back in amazement. Here was Sister Hagar metamorphosed. “ Allow- me to introduce my wife, Madame 1 Sorensen,” said the Professor. Madame Sorensen raised a playful finger ; and smiled into my face. “You look astonished, and no wonder, Dr Halifax.” she said. •• But, ah, how naughty yon havo been to road our secrets.” She turned away to speak to another guest. The : next moment dinner was announced. As we sat round the dinner-table we made a large party. Men and women of maDy nationalities were present, bat I quiokly per ceived, to my surprise, that I was the guest of the evouiug. To me was given the terribly doubtful honor of escorting Madame Sorenson to tho head of the table, and in honor of me alBO, English—by common consent—was the language spoken at dinner. (TO UK CONTINUED.) 