CHAPTER XIV. THX CESBEBUS. The balm of one of those inc-fcable days in winter that come like a dream of the early autumn to cheat the scenes into f orgetfulness of the frosts and the blights that have seard tha earth dun and the forests brown, and that come nowhere in all the spherical latitudes with such witching loveliness as on (he hazy coast of Devon. One of those days shed its broad, be nignant smile over the gloomy, silent castle of Ashbourne, and sent beams of warm glory through the curtained case ments that scattered the ghosts and cheered the loneliness of its lofty cham bers. Katherine was in her sitting room, fhesashesofabaywindowtothe south were open, and the sunshine rain ed in as a mist of gold over the pots of blooming heliotrope — its own dear flower — that filled up the broad embra sure. The fire within the grate seemed out of place in so much sunlight, but it took the light chill from the room, and brought out the delicate odours of the flowers that filled vases here and there. Katherine sat near the open window, half buried in a deep chair of pale lavender satin. All the furniture of the zoom was of that soft pearly shade, set out on a rich crimson carpet of velvet pile, with bunche .- of lilac heatherbell wrought in its grain. She was still in a breakfast wrapper of white cashmere bordered with swansdown, and the snow of the down made the dark luster of her eyes and brows and the glossy black sheen of her smoothly-braided hair more intense in their contrast with her stainless skin. She was reading from a small valnma of tKe QV Asxuoijrea tiu story of Judith, when Manton, the foot man, came in, and handed her Mr. Ken rick's card, on which was written on pencil, juet under the name — ' By no means decline to recieve me. My visit is ef the last importance to you and one of your/Wends.' Neither then nor after could Kathe rine ever account for the certainty she felt that the last underscored word signified Philip Lester : but so strong was this conviction, that it so startled her anxieties coming from, such a source, that she bade the servant invite Mr. Kenrisk instantly to her presence. At another time, and with less agita ted feelings, Katherine would have used greater formality, and would most certainly remembered to exchange the dainty and becoming Tiegligte toilet f r tht propriety garments of sombre weeds, but in this moment her soul was filled with one idea which excluded every other. borne interest of Philip Lester, who was absent, and unsuspecting, at d consequently helpless, was, she felt sure, in the power of this black-hearted fiend, whose machination would find out and include every dear object of her life in his diabolical schemes. Formless, yet painfully certain, were the apprehensions that tortured Katherine when the odious visitor was ushered into her presence. Scarcely had Kenrick crossed the threshold when he was met by the huge, terrific aspect of the gaunt hound, Gelert, who, was a deadly warn ing in his lurid eyes, and a deep, hoarse growl of defiance in his throat, sprang forward from the bear-skis rug at Katherine's feat towards the entering guest. There could be not question about the effect of this assault upon the visitor, who uttered a yell of suffering fear, and turned livid with horror at eight of the snarling fangs and ponderous jaws just read to spring at his throat. ** Gelert,' called Katherine, in a sweet, clear tone. It was enough to prevent any further show of attack on the dog's part, but by no means quelled the fierce aversion of hie look, that still was fixed on Kenrick, and though the savage beast came slowly back to his mistress's side, the frightful teeth still grinned their menace, and the growl was all the deeper for being suppressed. ' Good heaven, madam., how can you have that horrible brute about you ?' exclaimed Kenrick, half breathless with his late scare, and wiping the cold sweat from* his clammy £ace as he *Ti?»fo an effort to recover liimnpif from the un dignified confusion into which the shock had thrown him. Katherine was smiling with disgust ful contempt at the exhibition of cowardice he had just given. Kenrick did not fail to note and understand the smile, but there was no room for ex planation. She answered his excited query very coolly. ' I must ask you to be more respect ful to Gelert. He is in every sense a man of honour and courage — true to his trusts, and bold in executing them. I had no idea, however, that he would exhibit such violent animosity towards you, or I should certainly have prevent ed .the dreadfnl fright he gave you. He has never before been- so ungracious to anyone. But Gelert has powerful in stincts, Mr. Kenrick.' The sneer was polite, but it picked sharply. ' I can, readily divine the nature of the trust confided to Doctor Lester's dog by his master' retorted Kenrick, with coarse indnendo. ' I do not for a moment suppose that you, or anyone who has seen Doctor Lester, could mistake the nature of any trust confided by him, which must of necessity be like himself — noble.' There was a hot flush in Katherine's cheeks as she spoke, and the words were hardly uttered ere she felt with regret that she had said too much ; but it was not in her to falter in peril or pain where her womanhood was concerned, and she added, with assumed indiffer ence — ' However, your danger is over for the present, and Gelert need give you n/*a fni*fch«»i* ?a-n--rKk'f-v TT» io icf+javTw obedient to me, as you pee.' She leaned down and stroked the heavy front of the Cerberus, and bade him be quite and lie down again upon his rug. i Thedoglickedherhand,turned&dumb; devotion up to her face, and stretched himself on the skin, but kept his eyes fixed threateningly on Kenrick. Despite the present expression of dis turbance that was -risible in her eyes, though all her countenance was held in strong control by the vigilunt will, Kenrick was avrsre of a ?wonderful alter ation in Katherine's face. The pallor, and weariness, and ever present look of repression it had worn for znonihs before, and ever since her marriage day, were all gone from the delicate sensitive features, and, in their place, had come a soft, rich bloom under the whiteness, a tinge of scarlet to the sweet womanly mouth, a relaxation of all the facial lines, and even an appear ance of expanding fullness and ease to the lithe elegance of herform. In a word, the mystical presence of happiness was shining through the pearly shrine of her womanhood, Too gross to comprehend or understand the ublimer meanings of this divine something, the man was nevertheless deeply versed in all the indications of human nature. Astuteness stood; to him, in place of sympathy, discernment performed the office that aetheticiem fulfils in finer characters; and no con fession from Katherine's lips could have added anything to Kenrick's conviction of the cause of all this. But this con viction seemed only to give a zest to his present mood. ' I am delighted to see you so charm ingly well this beautiful day, Lady Ire dale.' 'I persume that announcement is not the object of your visit, sir!' said Katherine, with her cold quietude of sn,rca.sTn that bit so hard, and a full, straight look that said, ' State your business.' ' Oh, not entirely, though it might might well make an object worthy of auy visit. 'Will you resume yonr seat, madam ?' he said, bowing low and wav ing his hand to the chair from which Katherine had just risen when he enter ed. Without replying or even noticing his words or his motion, she said, as she posed herself standing — ' Will you oblige me by ?nanri-n.-T the object of this visit, Mr. Kenrick ?' ' Allow me to insist that you sit down, as our interview must necessarily consume some time.' ' Will you proceed with it, then, sir, and let it end as quickly as possible 7' said Katherine, not changing her pos ture in the least, but her tones were raised with ever so little emphasis of command. Gelert seemed to be noticing her in flections closely, for he stirred uneasily, and made a sound of discontent. Kenrick cast a glance of wrathat him, and then 'fixing a look on Katherine, said — ?' As I once before assured you, Lady 'Iredale, no efforts of mine have been awittil -fen. akUU «on aoai- oofc *iu» -u-- pearances of crime, which are for the present vailed by my sleepless vigilance ; neither have I been idle in collecting all the facts and circumstances, pro and con, which must eventually bear upon the late unfortunate tragedy, if it becomes necessary to bring it to public investiga tion. Of course, I need not assure you that X have eagerly sought for exculpa tory evidence in your favour ? ** ' Such an assurance would be the merest waste of breath, as as well of falseness. Pray go on.' Kenrick reddened at the contemptu ous interruption, but did not otherwise notice it. He went on, speaking with deliberation — ' And 1 am pleased to be hers to tell you that I am at last on the trail of an accomplice — or perhaps principal — in one of the crimes which may enable us to fix both of them upon him. He paused, steadily regarding the face of of his listener. It wasacruel test'f or Katherine nerve, but she felt Bhe would die rather than permit him to see that he had alarmed her, or could do so. She said, with ad mirable composure — ' A new invention for your wonder ful scheme. Ah, I see. Proceed, if you please. I am deeply interrested.' Kenrick looked down at his large, ugly feet to hide the anger that leapt to his eyes, but went on, in the same in structive way — ' Yes, the present indications are that the weight of suspicion can easily be cast on the man who took the will from the ebony cabinet at midnight of the day on which it was read.' Another pause, and still another divining look of scrutiny. Katherine made no remark and gave no sign. He went on — ' Perhaps you are aware of the fact that the windon on the east side of the library is just above a rustic arbour covered with honeysuckle. From this arbour a man who is strong and tall can swing himself easily to the window sill, and if. byany chance, the shutters have been left unbolted from the inside, his ingress would be the simplest thing in the world.' ' Very true ; but entering the library would be of little use without the key to the cabinet lock, which is of amechan ism too intricate]! to be operate on by ordinary burglar tools,' said Katherine Iredale, calmly. ' Ha, ha! of course. But here comes in the interesting feature. Someone must have furnished the burglar with that key ? ' Let us simplify matters by coming at once to names, if you 'please. That burglar was ? ' ' Gelert's master !' added Kenrick, with startling promptness. At the sound of his name fa-.Vgn in vain by strange lips. Gelert growled aloud, ond straightened up his head. If Kenrick counted on any explosion from the touch of that spring, he was mistaken. Katherine stood perfectly unmoved, and a smile of intensest derision played around her mouth. She said — ' And the ' someone' who furnished the key?' ' Must be conjectured until proved. Either there was a conspiracy or tkere wasnot.If not,servantsare easily bribed. Doctor Lester has been intimately going and coming for days in his capa city of medical attendant, an intimate and privileged one, as all the world knows. It can be proved that he did enter the library window from the out side on the night in question. The will was found missing on the succeeding morning. The interstices in the evidence remains te be cleared up. 'On the back oi all this, Doctor Lester frequents Ashbourne at his plea sure — attends a family party at Lady Iredale's parental home, by Lady Ire dales invitation ; accompanies Lady Ire dale in her carriage, back to Ashbourne after night — remains in concealment to intercept a conference between Lady Iredale and her .legal adviser, and trustee, under her husband's will — as- sumes snd exercises an authoritative in fluence over Lady Iredale's acts in con temptuous disregard for her trustve'a j presence — remains in Lady Iredale's j house at a late hour of the night after! the trustee's departure — returns on the j following morning to leave his ferocious 3ia«sian hound in charge of Lady Ire dale's person and domicile, and mys teriously disappears on a telegraphic jtuxnmons which is explained to no one ualess to Lady Iredale. Thus stands the circumstantial evidence on the surface.' ' Silence must be the tribute that I pay to so finished and artistic a design. I have not a single comment to offer beyond profound admiration for the skill displayed in its construction,' said Katherine, with an indifference of manner that completely astonished Ken rick, and puzzled nim sorely, for he was shrewd enough to catch the shadow of of an underlying clue to her strange mastery over her feelings, and her sub erb contempt for tha dark appearances he figured out to her view. Nevertheless, she was far too whole a woman not to feel deep concern in the idea of Dr. Lester being given apart in Kenrick's ? horrid plot, and even her matchless courage was not quite equal to the task of hiding a momentary glimpse of that pained concern. But the effort was in no wise what Kenrick had counted on, for he had been f?LTnn-;B.r with no phase of woman's in terested regard for a man which did not embrace that sort of passion that could be wrought upon by fear for the loved one's safety. Nothing could shake his conviction in the nature of Katherine's feelings for Philip Lester since the night he had watched her look and manner to him when the doctor's untimely return had baulked hie own infernal designs, but It filled him with confusion to see how utterly she seemed to disregard the danger with which he was threaten ing the man she loved. ?' I am, then, to conclude that you ap prove the result of my investigations so far, and that you desire their continu ance?' remarked Kenrick, with an evil sneer. ' You are to conclude whatever is most agreeable to you on that subject, Mr. Kenrick, but, above all, and at once, you will please conclude this interview.' She stepped to the chimney, and ap proached the bell-rope. Her visitor advanced towards her. Maddened by her disappointing treat ment of bis revelations, &nd; inflamed by the intoxicating beauty of her presence, and the stings of his passion, Kenrick forgot all restraint for one wild instant, and just as she had touched the bell rope, he caught her hand, and was about te utter some insane words of pleading or explanation, 'when he felt th« grip of iron claws upon his shoulders, and felt that the sleuth-hound's fangs were xt his throat. ' Gelert !' shrieked Katherine, with a piercing cry oi mingled fear and com mand, for she knew that the dog meant death. 