The KCMIH of it Knire. I'OUK CHILDREN KILLED AND TH1HTY INJURKD. During an entertnimiinttt on Wednesday night (Dec. 5) in a Catholic School in ltaglaii street, one of the most densely popu'utod districts of Belfast, the gas went out. This caused great cxcitement and a rush downstairs. Four child ren were killed and nhont thirty seriously in jured. The entertainment was given by a travelling party, who got the loan of the school {or the occasion, and as the prices of admission raugcrf from Id to 3d, the building, which is capable of seating about 400 people, was crowded. The result of the stampede was ter rible. the mujority of those in front (ailing headlong to the bottom of the staircase, and the others coming pell-mell on top of them. The gas, it ia stated, was not turned out ac* cidentally, but deliberately; aud the police are making inquiries. A girl of 18, nafjied Nou-oll, who was at the show with two young sisters, took t'»era by the band when the panic set in, and making for the sttiire, got right in the middle of the crush with them. She was a strong young woman, and she battled to save the children as long as she was able, but ultimately she fainted. Peter Cassidy, who took his little girl, says: "The front part was packed, but there was some vacant space at the back-I should say there were between 200 and 300 there. The performance had started about half>an»hour, when the gas went out. There was a good deal of confusion before this. The * boss' of the show came out iiret ns a darkey, and began singing, 'Come, all you Utile nigs.' The children were, shouting, however, and the man could not get leave to sing, and lie had to slop. He went into the classroom behind and brought out his wife to help him, but the audience would not listen to her either, and she went in, too, and sent out a little girl. They would not hear her either and kept shouting and kicking up a terrible noise. The man and liia wife then catne back, and did the best they could in the noise, but I heard little of their singing or speaking. Then the light which had been very dim all the time, went out, and left us all in darkness. There wa9 a rush by the people behind for the door, and then the children in front got terrified and scrambled over everything, trying to get to the door. I WAS towards the front, and I picked up my Jillle girl and put her in a srnalf room behind out of the rush and went to the length of the stairs to try if I could find a light. There must have been a horrible cru-h on the stairs at the time, though I could not see. The women and the poor children were shrieking and soreaming, At the time the gas went out I did not hear anyone shouting 4 Murder,* or ' Ghost,' or 1 Fire.' But there was plenty of shrieking ' Murder1 and 1 Help1 afterwards. The children ran over each other, and tumbled over the forms to get to the door, and some of the glass in the windows was smashed, but I don't think anyone was hurt in the room. It was when they got to the stairs that the mischief began. I could do nothing at the time, but when the gas was lighted I helped to free the children." The staircase it may be mentioned, is about 5ft in width, and rather sleep. 