Yesterday's Proceedings. The Conference sat yesterday afternoon. The Rev. W. Whale, presided, and the delegates present were : — Rev.'s J. B. Sneyd (vice President), W. Pool, A. G. Wcllcr, T. Leitch, J. Alexander, W. Higlett, and Messrs. turner, Massey,- Walker, and Wylie, with Miss K. Allanby, recently stationed at the Missionary Societies ? sphere of labour, Noakliali, Eastern Bengal. The following paper was read by the Rev. J. B. Sneyd : — THE BAPTIST ASSOCIATION-ITS WORK AND CLAIMS. An Association— whether political, social, or religious— is a society formed for special objects, which arc set forth in its constitu tion, Experience has taught us that a num ber of persons, holding opinions in common upon certain great questions, and anxious for those opinions to spread and lie espoused by outers, can nnng a greater mttucnce to bear on men, and accomplish more by combina tion than by isolation ; hence, in all parts of the civilized world — among the different ramifications of society — union is preached as an important factor towards achieving success. The Nihilist of' Russia; the Socialist of Germany ; the Communist of 1' ranee ; and the Home Ruler of Ireland, act upon this principle as the means to an end. But this afternoon I am to say a few words on a religious organisation — our own 'Association ; its work and claims.' In doing so, I cannot refrain from remarking, at the outset, that Baptists in the past were not sufficiently alive to to the importance of combination. Baptist Associations or Unions (as the word is now understood) have been of slow development. The key-note of the Baptist Union was sounded when the Baptist Missionary Society was founded, a hundred years ago. The spirit of Carey moved upon the waters and provoked a spirit of union and brotherhood wherever a Baptist Church existed. Although wc do not hear of Presbyterian or Weslcyan Methodist Associations or Unions, yet we are bound to admit that in the strict sense of the term, they have been influenced by its highest principles; and to this must be attributed — to a great extent — their marvellous success. And though we differ from their modes, yet we cannot help admiring their loyalty to their principles. Ill this respect, it would be well for the Baptists— especially of Qeensland — to imitate tlicm. In his inaugural address, delivered at the Animal Session of the Baptist Union of Great Britain and Ireland, so long ago as 1876, Dr. Laudels spoke as follows : — ' I venture to re-affirm that our great want is a spirit of union and co-operation. Along with a desire to agree, and a readiness to fall in with the decisions of the majority, we want the esprit dk corps which will make us one. We want, I do not say Presbyterian forms, but something of the Presbyterian spirit which regards all its con gregations as different parts of one body. We want, not the extinction of independent churches, but their cordial union, while re taining their independence for the purpose of mutual support and extension. We want the subordination of congrega tional and individual interests to the general welfare ; or, if that cannot he, we want to have less exclusive prominence given to the one, more practical regard cheris.ied for the other. Wc want the strong church to have sympathy with her weaker neighbour. And if she cannot identify herself with the in terests of the weak as much as if they were under her control— if that be too much to expect from human nature— so that in the absence of Presbyterian government we can not have Presbyterian oneness, we may ex pect, at least, that when the doings of the weak command the approval of the strong, she will extend to tlicm a degree of interest and of help, second only to that which she gives to her own.' Now, let us answer the question — ' What is the Baptist Association ?' for it is sadly evident that numbers of our people are as hazy about it, and its aims and objects, as they are about the integral calculus. We have heard persons ask — persons that ought to know better — and they have echoed the feeling of their respective Churches— we have heard them, with feelings of surprise and regret, ask such questions as these : ' What is die use of the Association ?' ' What benefit do we derive from it?', as if it were a kind of Banking Institution from which they could draw unlimited supplies, and as if they were not parts of the whole. They seem to think that they ought to go to the committee, or its treasurer, and cry ' Open Sesame 1' and immediately they would be supplied with gold, and frankincense, and myrrh. What then, is the Baptist Association ? It is a number of independent churches, which (while each maintains its indepen dence) unite for the purpose of doing certain work lying beyond the power of a single church. The principal objects of Baptist Associations are such as these, namely: — (1) To promote the unity of the Churches in faith, fellowship, and work. (2) Church extension— (a) By establishing Baptist Churches in suitable localities, (b) By assisting poor Churches in the maintenance of their ministers. (3) To carry on Home and Eoreign mission work. (4) To edu cate students for the Ministry. (5) To assist aged and infirm ministers. (6) To provide for properties being held in trust for the churches, societies, and institutions, and to protect their interests in reference to trusts for church, school, or any other purpose whatsoever - (7) To give advice and direc tion to churches in circumstances of difficulty. (8) To aid in , the promotion of public morality, social purity, and temperance. (9)' To collect and disseminate information rela tive to the history, condition, and progress of the denomination, and to promote fraternal intercourse between Baptists throughout, the world (10) To afford oppor tunity for conference, and for public declara tion of principles and opinion, and to confer and to co- operate with other, Christian, communities as occasion may require. (11) Generally to devise anil carry out such schemes as may he louna to he 01 heneht to the denomination. The Association, then, is regarded as the members of a'family uniting for the mutual -help of each other ; the weak helping the stron'g, the rich helping the ? poor, with the idea.qf benefiting the whole. Of 'course it will lie asked, How are we. to establish new churches, erect new buildings, educate students for the ministry,. -assist aged and infirm ministers, &c.;, without funds? It is not to lie expected- for one moment that all this work can be undertaken by such an association as . .our own, for it is but an infant, yet I am informed that before unhappy times cnuic upon tho colony, this Association did ? some good work, which I remains to this day. . It is the day of.. small things with, us as it was in the southern colonics, and .we must not grow disheartened as we contrast our position with theirs, for had it not been for the splendid donations of a few wealthy consecrated, men in South Australia, and the munificent gift of the late' Silas Harding, of Geclong. Victoria, neither the Baptist Association of South Australia nor the Baptist Union of Victoria would be able to do the work which, thank God, they arc accomplishing. . It is a sad fact that so many of our churches here in Queensland are almost paralysed owing to the heavy debts on the buildings- As an , Association, we have to I ?face this fact with brave hearts and faith in God ; and, being .companions together in trouble, we must be companions together in labor, each doing his utmost to relieve the burden, and thereby proving that we arc loyal to one another; and when we are loyal to one another then wc must be loyal to the denomination and the Association, and by self-sacrifice achieve what cannot be done in any other way. The principal work of the Association is not £ s. d; God forbid that it should; but we do not shut our eyes to he fnct that it is a means to an end. Until wc are in a position to do as our neighbours the Master expects us to do what we can.- He said of the woman who poured the ointment on his bead, ' She bath done what she could and because it was a j practical illustration of the love that burned . 111 her heart towards him, he said — ' Where soever this Gospel shall lie preached , throughout the whole world, this also that j she hath done shall be spoken of as a memorial of her.' I One of the first things which we should ! attempt is the establishment of a Building Fund. At first it must lie small, but when ' cur people come to understand its importance J and how its funds are to be used, it will grow rapidly and Income a most important 1 factor towards easing the financial pressure I of the churches. The Baptists in South America commenced with £S°°, the gift, I [ believe, of one man ; to-day the building fund has a capital of £6Sg8. Seeing, however, that, wc are not in funds, and recognising the obligation that is laid on us to lie faithful, it behoves every member of the Association to whom the Lord has given one talent, to use it to promote the unity of the churches in faith, fellowship, ana worn, is it possible tliat because our exchequer is low we must stand still? We ail know what that means : It means stagnation, and stagnation means death. And are there not signs of stagnation, just because we arc losing sight of the , spiritual and thinking that everything must be, accomplished through the material. That I would lie sordid in the extreme. I maintain that if, as. an Association, we I are right with God and filled witli the Spirit, 1 and consecrated to his service, we can tlo j better and more lasting service than if we were backed up by £ s. d. ' How was it that our forefathers (of course ' I mean the forefathers'of the denomination) | did such splendid work ? They were aggres- ! sivc and established churches, not fiecause ! they had a large fund at their back, but be cause they were full of faith and. the Holy Ghost. Sonic of the great forefathers of . our church are well-known to students of ancient history; they .wrote the Life of our Lord; indeed, Matthew, Mark Lake, and John are among the first Baptist authors ; and one l'aul, a tent-maker, writes very explicitlyon the subject of believers' baptism. Now, I ask the question in all seriousness : What are we doing to give any evidence that we are alive ? Practically nothing ! It , is easier for a camel to go through the eye of ' a needle than for -some of our friends to awake from their lethargy. I am afraid that if we go oil at the present rate much longer we shall become a veritable Dead Sea. The only sign of life is the Lay Preachers' Society, which, 1 ani hoping, will develop into a powerful aggressive , organisation. We must, in a new colony ' like this, foster the preaching talent that we possess, and do our utmost to cultivate it, for we are living in I days when men can tell the -difference between bread and a stone. ? But while speaking of the work of the Association, we must not lose sight of its claims. It claims, in the first place, that every member shall he faithful to the laws — written and unwritten — that- govern [ it; for I maintain that, with regard to an. association such as own, there is the lex j N'ON ScuiPTA. Without this loyalty, every- i thing will be as sounding brass and tinkling i cymbal. The moment a church acts in an- j tagonism to tile spirit of the laws of the Association it is the beginning of disintegra tion, hence there should he loyalty, Should, for instance, any associated chinch, in inviting a minister to the pastoral oversight of it, act in opposition to established custom in this respect, it manifests disloyalty j and forfeits to a great extent, the respect, ? sympathy, and confidence of the sister churches associated with it ; and of course, the result must he alienation, which would mean disaster to that Church. The Association claims, in the second place, that every Church shall do its utmost to carry out the objects set forth in the Constitution, for without this it would re semble a chariot without horses and wheels. Indeed, unless there is activity there might he written over the portals of the Associa tion the words that were addressed to the Church in Sardis, ' Thou hast a name that thou livest and art dead.' Of course into all this enters self-denial and self-sacrifice. If, in time of war, or national distress, our country claims our very lives, how much more readily should we respond to the claims made upon us by Christ, for, after all, at the bottom of our Association we find Him. It claims, in the last place, a thorough and personal consecration on the part of all its members. 'There must lie sincere and decisive piety. Consistency must lie worn and protected as a jewel of costliest worth. We must be altogether for Christ. A half hearted homage, a partial surrender, a fitful service, a luke-warm love, will not suffice. Body, soul, intellect, life, influence, time, talent, affection, must all be laid 011 the altar, awaiting the descent of the fire from Heaven.' Then the rest will follow, and eacli shall sing — Make thou me strong ; that staff and stay, And guide and guardian of the way, To Theeivard I may hear each day Some fainting soul. Speak, for I hear ; make pure in heart, Thy face to see; thy truth impart In hut aud hall, in church and mart !? Lord here aiii I. ' . * # # # I ask no heaven till earth lie thine, No glory-crown while work of niinc Rcmaincth here : when earth' shall shine Among the stars ; ? iiCI dlll.7 itlJJLU VJllly IIWI VvlJ'll V C - 1 1 UVj Her voice a music unto Thee ; For crown, new work give Thou to me! Lord, here am I. During the discussion that ensued it was shown that the Association lias established churches at Maryborough, Charters Towers, and Townsvillc, and aided . those at Ipswich, Toowoomba, Coolabihna, and Rosewood. 