ECHOES AND RE-ECHOES. REVERBERATIONS. (By Hugh Kalvptus.) "Lord Hopetoun, who sat next to Sit Thomas Fowell -Buxton at the Brassey fare well dinner, strongly advises him to go in for raoing when he get* to the oolony." The above ia " Anglo Oolonial'e" gossip in the Register, bat he probably did not think at the time bow muoh he was giving the new Governor away.' Now, just imagine Sir T. Fowell Buxton, who may have bought a new pair of gubernatorial boots especially made (or the oolonies, with double aolce and gamb ling proof, warranted to resist the stage, and. particularly adapted for the totalizator and the turf generally,oomingouthereandbeingtaokled by theatrical raSnagera and sporting spirits, nottoBpeakof Cornermen. We'll take the theatrical man {rat—this way;— "Sir Thomas! Allow me to present you with the programme of our performance to night, and solicit yonr patronage. Ours is not a 'legshow'" - Sir Thomas—"A leg show 1 I do not understand you. What it a leg tkow—is it an athletio performanoe ? If so, 1 will readily patronise it." "Oh, not that, yont Excellency ; we play • The Lady of Lyons' to-night." His Exosllency—"' The Lady of Lions 1' Oh 1 Then it is a oircue. No, my good man (loftily, bnt with extreme oonrtesy)—I do not bold with the <urous; it is immoral. Ibelibve the ladies ride horses in tights. I mean to eay the ladies, not the horses, wear tights." Agent—" I quite assure Your Exoellency, nothing of the sort " His Excellency—(hastily)—"No more, my good man, I pray you, no more, I have heard enough." The Raoing Man—(thinking that he oomes in the running now)—"May it please Your Excellency, but I am here to solioit your interest in the noble animal the horse. Now, I can put you on to a 'dead certainty'for the "Last Earthing Handioap,'or the 'Shrunken' Purse Flat.' You see the favourite, 'Spayin,' has got glanders-in the off hind leg, and' 'Blind Staggers,' tbeaeooad favourite, has a gumboil, on his near aide fetlook, so that neither of them have a ghost of a show, yon ask ' Tarquin,' but * Blue Ruin'-— " The Governor—" Bat, my dear fellow, I never go in for horseraoing. The only gam bling. I ever went into was when I was a ohild, and we used to het slate pencils on two flies walking np the window-pane." " Two flies 1 what's two flies to a oouple of bosses that has .shown up first rate at Oak bank, Morphettville, and the Old Course, and ia good lor the three mile?" "Really, my good fellow, you mistake me; the only.yaoe I am interested in is thq. Aus tralian! raoe, and you must excuse me.V i.and.gbout'^ (money-;selling out first ohauoe.": • .■/= - .j ieeoond obsnce f" - i . !bnew ebum,and stand how we worYtbese|hings. Bidoun't .count.1 Yoa'eee tsie getthe money, undhe keeps up the running.": ' •". ' :- V'.^'''r':f" i> "Oh!« that so ! .WeiI, somehow Tprefer. tobe-the -part; -who haanotbingtodo with it. Your Syndioste does not appeal to ht* , '.' Ghortu ot disappointed applioants—"Oh I : don't it. Well then, yoo bad better taken 'ehare in the ' Sooiety for the Propagation Of Common Sense in Parliament,' yon bad." ,: "Mr.Play ford goes away with hie wife and daughter for a week to Petit, but this is only a preface to hie • proper holiday 'which be will probably, epeod in Sootland. ' Hit able assis taut, Mr. Wickateed.has been away holiday ing for the laat fortnight, ao Mr. Playford has not been able to ate the free pata over all the railways in the United Kingdom whiobthe Secretary of the International Bail way Con greia pntat hie disposal." Now. I fanoy that Mr. Playford, who la a oannie'oafl, weel aoqaent wi* the ways of men, will get on Vera weel wP the Scotch folk. To their greeting, "Hoo'a a' wi' yet" he will reply in hie bluff, hearty, colonial way," " Oh 1 all serene. There's no flies abont me, and he will envelop the Celtio flat in bis own expansive palm, and speedily get tb eraoking abont things in general and every tb ing in par tio'Iar. : Mr. Playford it of Yorkshire stock, . and it will take a smatb man south of the Tweed to get the exsot measure of Toto's foot.' Perhaps it is well for some of those oon oerned that Arbor Day is celebrated only bnoe , a year (writes a oorrespondent). For instance, at Yaoka the other day the eohoolohildren after the tree-planting, had to undergo the ordeal of being addressed fay twelve looal magnates, who, eooording to the Regitter re port were "among others who spoke." It is usual for these important personages to oooupy. the time of the youngsters in discussing, the subject of treeplanting, and pointing out the way.life's path should be trod, and in-the meantime the children are simply itching to get outside and enjoy the half-holiday invari ably, granted them. By-the-way," it often, falls to the lot of the poor teacher to regale' her hardy-charges at- these inootions. in* the country. ' —— 