KIingswood Chaco. At some fifty feet from him, the footstep paused abruptly, and diverged from his direc tion into the open glade. He beheld a rman emerge from the shadows of the trees, bear ing on his shoulder a human body, which he laid upon the sward. He placed his band upon the heart, as if to ascertain whether it was yetbeating, and then raised his head up and look-d about him. The moouneams glittered whitely on his ghastly visage, and Erle instantly perceived that it was the scowling face of Tubal Kish. A cold perspiration seemed to ooze from every pore. A clammy dampness gathered on his forehead, and for a moment his limbs felt paralysed. Could it be the body of Cyril Kingswood that lay motionlesstat the feet of this ruffian? While yet under the influence of this bhorrid thought, be heard the fellow say, in a coarse gruff voice- 'Sdouldn't tempt I, then. Didn't thee hear'un say don't hurt'un, but let'un go as soonas I.eigdal ? Well, why didn't ee keep quiet, then ? What did ee fight and cuff I vor ? "yhat did'ece break my bead wi' gun stock vor ? O, but that was an onlucky slow vor'ee. ' You be down now, not I. Wheugh, he be'aff dead, sure-ly. Aha I Philip Avon ha' promised to pay I well to kll 'un right out. Old Ishmael 'ooll be savage if I do, but be'll be anger'd now and angered once vaor all, so I'll earn Philip Avon's gold. I'll cut his throat, an' when I get the shiners, who'll find I ?' As he concluded, he drew out of his coat pocket the same desperate knife he had used in the morning, and opening it, knelt down by the side of the still senseless body. That very instant a tremendous blow from the butt end of a gun knocked him over. But his skull was not made of an ordinary thickness; and though a thousand fires flashed in bhis eyes, and be was stunned for a moment, he yet leaped to his feet, and beheld standing before him a youth, armed with a gun, awaiting his attack. The moon shone on the youth's face, and rendered every feature distinctly visible, tihe frowning, knit brows, the gleaming eye, and the compressed lip. Tubal Kish stopped in the midst of his fury, and stodd as if frozen into a statue of rev. His tecth chattered, his blood curdled in his veins, and be growled out,-' The Spectre of the Chace, Kingswood of Kings. wood i' Then with a wild yell of horror, he turned and fled. Erle, surprised at the man's conduct, so strangely different to what he had anticipated, suffered it to affect him but a moment. He instantly directed his attention to the body at his feet, arnd, throwing down his gun, he knelt by its side, and raising the head gently and tenderly, supported it upon his knee. The white beams of the moon rendered pet more pallid.the marble countenance. There was a gash upon the forehead from which blood yet slowly trickled, the eyes were closed, the lips were compressed, and the hue of death seemed settled upon the features, which, with a sinking heart, Erle recognised to be those of Cyril Kingswrod. CHAPTER XIII. YEARs of security bad gradually impressed upon Lord Kingswood a notion that retri. bution was a fable. Vulgar actsof larceny, and higher crimes, up to murder, were of course subjected to certain discovery, and the offenders almost unex ceptionally to be tracked, captured, and punished tby the law, and, as Lord Kings w?oed believed, very properly too. But there were social slips, (ilures, foibles-any word thatlet down the deed easily-which did notcall for, and in nearly all instances never were followed by, retribution. Such were the opinions of Lord Kings wood. He now however began to crt ceive his doctririe to be founded on a sandy founda tion. lien Since the arrival of Erle Gower at Kitigs wood, one mishap seemed "To tread upon another's heel, So fast they follonwed." Thd embarrassing event of the morning had been followed by a violent altercation at his table-at.bis table: and among those, too, whose friendship he desired and whose in fluence e he oped to obtain. This most asnoying occurrence had been followed by the frantic ravings of Philip Avon, ?rbo launched forth yells of rage and defiance against his mysterious young guest, and thie whole had been crowned by the dis appearance of his son Cyril. If this was not the commencement of retribution, be was at a loss to what account to place it. The dinnerparty was broken up in con fusion, and already, with a vague suspicion that something was wrong, several of the guests spread themselves over the grounds in search of the absent youth. Then one of the under-servants remem bered seeirg Mr. Cyril making across the park, in the direction of the wood, at an hour approaching the first dinner.bell. The gamekeeper was at once sought out. When communicated with he shook his head in a sclemn kind of way, and the dis trust was not allayed when he called out his assistants and unchained the dogs As soon as he had formed hIis party, they started direct for the Chace, the hounds running on first, snuffing for scent. The moon shone brightly, and the party pushed on until they were far into the thickness of the Chace; then, abruptly, one of the dogs paused, and commenced running round and round a small circle. Suddenly be stopped and set up a pro. longed hiwl. The other dog joined him, and gave the same terrible cry. The gamekeeper's brow fell yet lower. 'They scent human blood,' he muttered. And then he, in a yet rlower tone, mumbled the name of Tubal Kish. The dogs went on rapidly, when suddenly a bugle-notewas heard in another direction. It was followed by the report of a gtun, and then by a human voice, calling loudly. 'That's Mr. Cyril's horn,' cried the game keeper, excitedly; 'I know the note. This way-this way,' he added. 'We're on the track now.' A short distance above them they beheld, in the cold moaslight, two figures, one bend. ing over and supportint the other. In an instant they rushed up to them, and found them to be Erie and Cyril. Cyril had been restored to consciousness, hut tras yet deadly faint and weak. He grazed wildly around him-first on Erle's face then on those who thronged aagerly about him. A dozen questions were pressed upon ITrle, but, in firm tones, he bade the questioners reserve their inquiries fo(r another occasion, and assist him carry Cyril to tie Hall. A litter was quickly cut and formed, and the procession tramped back in silence to the Hall. On reaching it again, there were throngs ol eager.questioners, butErle c-ldly sepelled them. To Lady Kiogswood, who made her appearance with a perturbed air, alone did he communicate that he found her son sentosless,under the attack of a ruffian, in the wood, and had been able to save him from further outrage. She pressed his hand with an air of grate fulness, and accompanied her son to his chamber, followed by the'principal doctor of the district, who had been invited to dinner, and was then fortunately in the house. Subsequently Erle was summtoned by Lord Kingswod to his libary. He found him pacing it in great agitation, haggard in face, and almost frenzied. As Erle entered the room, his lordship immediately turned the key.in the door, and advancing 'to him,- said, in a tone half smothered by rage 'What.is tile meaning of this ebnfusion this distracting ,disorder--this maddening disnrrangement of my household? Speak I explain 1' : The wrathful manner of L,'rd Kingswood stung the pride of Erle stverely. He at once checked a!l rhe generous .impulses, which would have 'ugcd hiri t oe tss,.explicit as it was in his poser to hbe, and he became as hatighty oas his"iordshrip.:: * Your lordship must seek the cause else where, not of me,' he r-p ,it cimly. 'Not of you-not of you I' almost shrieked the inflamed noble. 'Until your:'arrival, everything around me was peace and order. In my household the utmost regularity pre vailed. You have been a resident in my mansion but a few days--Icould count, the hours upon my fingers-and its whole economy is utterly disordered Your whole busines9, your entre occupasion, since you have talken up your abode here, seems to have been to disorganise every arrangemenf, and to place me it a false position of per. plexity and annoyance. I ask you again, sir-what is the cause of this?' SI have, my lord, simply to deny the fact,' returnid Erle, coldly,. Lord Kingswood was convulsed with rage. ' What-what l' be cried, hoarsely. 'You make your appearance in this house uncalled for; a spirit of damnation could not so have appalled me as did your unexpected presence. You appear at my dinner-table an unbidden spectre. You make yourself the hero of a mad freak, that I may be stung to death by questions concerning you. You come into collision with one whom I am anxious to receive with distinction, and occasion a most undignified scene at my table. My son is suddenly and unaccountably missing, irm. mediately after an interview with you, and he is discovered in the centte of the old Chace, brained, with you alone by his side' Do you deny this, boy? Can you add audacity of falsehood to your other faults ?' 'My lord,' returned Erle, still coldly,' that events such as you have described have happened, I do not question. I simply deny that it has been my occupatiob to occasion them. The accusation-is unworthy of you, tny lord.' 'Unworthy ' cried Lord Kingswood, ex asperated bh the remark, 'unworthy of me of Lord. Kingswood? This is beyond endurance. You shall not remain another hour under my roof.' He hurried to the bell, but before he could lay his hand upon it, he was arrested by the authoritative voice of Erie, who exclaimned 'Stay, my lord; reflect before it is too late. Remember I came not bitber de signedly.' 'No, no,' cried his lordship, sharply, 'how then ?' ' My time had comel' responded Erle, with emphatic firmness. Lord Kingswood staggered, a step or two ashe gazedin Erle's face, and tlien sunk into a seat, and bowed his face in his hands. He began to have something more than a glimmer now that there exists retribution for a social sin and though long delayed it cometh surely at last. There was a silence for a short time. Erle stood with his arms folded, and watched his lordship's extreme agitation with questioning wonder. Presently he said, in clear, though low tones ' It is for you, my lord, to say why I am here. At your request I have foreborne asking questions; at your wish I have con sented to remain unnoticed, and, as far as possible, unseen. I am yet willing to obey you in all things which shall not trench upon my self-respect or my honour. But, as I have said, the time bas cme for mr!ebeing here; so I warn you, my lord, thatil. yiu take any hasty step to fasten an ihdigiiiy ripon me-if I am not treated by your ,iisniils with an equal respect to that paid by them to the members of your family-the time will have come for me to wring from you, in the presence of the whole bousebold, a truthful acknowledgement of those relations which make my presence here a duty on my part, and on yours an imperious necessity.' Lord Kingswood withdrew his hands from his haggard face, uprose, and again paced the apartment with an agitated manner. What could he do ? He was bound band sod limb by that foible of his youth. Call upon him for an explanation of their, true re lation to each other before Lady Kings-' wood ?-better bid him hang himself from one of the limbs of an ancient oak in the yet older Chace. It was clear to him that Erle was master of the situation, and that, for the present, be must succumb. There was no help fir him. He must wait ipan Providence, and fall back upon the plan digested by himself and his valet Pharisee. Erle still maintained his firm bearing; and although his position was a not unem. barrassing one, he appeared quite collected. Again be addressed Its lordship ' I owe to myself one explanation, my lord, and that is in reference to Mr. Cyril Kingswond.' Lord Kingswood paused abruptly in his agitated pacing. Mr.' Cyril Kingswood, of his own will, paid me a visit in the apartments your lord ship has aplpropriated to my use. During that interview no word passed between us bearing reference to his future movements after be should quit me. He left, and your valet was the first parson to acquaint me with his absence. I confess, my lord, I was not without my misgivings;and, armed with a gun, I hurried to the Chace. Alter a time, I discovered. him senseless. I re stored him to 'animation. Thin is the only part I have played in an event which your lordship has unjustly accused ire of having originated., 'For what purpuse did Cyril visit the Chace, after having been a principal in the abominable adventure of this morning ?' asked Lord Kingswood abruptly. SI donot know, my lord,' replied Firle, promptly. * But you-you had your misgivibgs- you hurried to the Chlace, where, as no doubt you expected, you discdvered him, What were those misgivings ? what influenced' you to proceed direct to the Chace ?' rejoined Lord Kingswood, sharply. ' I decline to answer those questions,' re. turned Erle, respectfully but fl:mly. 'Thus proving that you are connected with the event,' subjoined Lord Kiogswood, with an angry look. SI repgat, only so far as I have acquainted you with, my lord,' rejoined Erle. ' I had no other agency in what has happened, and can affodrd you no other information than I have given you.' ' With which, I suppose, I must, perforce, be contented,' exc'aimed Lord Kingsrwood, in sullen anger. After a moment's prause, he said ' You have received a communication from Mr. Philip Avon. Your intimacy with hinm must be of the slightest possible kind. May I ask the nature of that communication ?' The face of Erie became suffused with a crimson flush. An explanation must bring Lady Maud's name in unpleasant connection with Philip's and hia own; he resolved to speish rather than be the occasion of the pain such a circumstance would cause her. 'Yourlordshii,' be said, this time a little emotion being perceptible in the tdne of his voice, 'is entitled, certainly, to put that question to me. But I have an equal right to decline to answer it The contentsof that communication are strictly pri ite, anid your Inrdsh!p, no doubt, is pssessed of principles too lofty to itlduce you to irge another to violate a confidence reposed in a firm belief thatit will not be betrayed.' At first Lord Kingswood was puzzled. What confidence could Philip Avon seek to repose in one whomn he had branded with the barsbestiepithets ? It flashed, across his mind that the confi. dence might include a hostile meeting. Philip'Avon was a dead shot. Philip Avon might effect his deliverance from the dread fulincubus: which now pressed so awfully upon him.' He sesolved to pursue this question no further. He .abruptly' dismissed Erle: from his presence-not, however, without urging upon him the necessity of keeping to his own apartments'as much as possible, and when he.went abroad to select the most unfre quented parts of the forest for his ramblings Erle holdly assented; and hurried away, glad to hbereleased. 'The event of the remarkable day, crowned by Cyril's return to Kingswood Hall wounded and in a: state of semi- insensbiility, put to rout all the guests who were there assembled, hnd'thbefollowiog day the mansion was as silent and gloomy as though the whole family had been thrown into mourning. Cyril was confined to his bed, attended only by doctor and nurse, for he was delirious and uttered ravings which none could com prehend. Lady Maud, too, still nervously excited by the fright she had undergone, did not make her appearance. Lady Kingswood, suffering from an attack of hysteria, kept close within her boudoir, employed mostly in reading a few iasty lines written to pencil, and thrust into her hand by the Marquis of Chillingham, on parting with him.the day before. Lord Kingswood buried himself in his study, a prey to anxieties. He sat the whole day through brooding over ansicipations of a fearful kind;.and Erle, as be had promised, studiously kept within his apartments. Tbhree or four days passed thus drearily and monotonously. Erle took his meals in his own room, and never went beyond the limits assigned to him, until he began to find his captivity insupportable. Then he thought of the key of the outlet to the Chace, and resolved to avail himself of it. This remembrance brought with it a recollection of the small Gothic key he had found in his former bedchamber, anod which appeared to fit the lock ofa closet-door in the dreary old apartmont in which~b, on his arrival, be had been installed. Then naturally arose a craving to know what was behind that door. Within the last day or two, in confirmation of what .tPharisee had previously intimated to him, Erle had learned from other servants that- the apartments he had Occupied at first were haun.ed Especially communicative upon this suoject was a smlart, 'pretty girl, born and brp'ught up on the estate. She was now Lady Maud's own maid, and she paid a visit to Erle as. the bearer of a mes sage of inquiry from Lady Maud respecting his health, a message which he received with a flutter of.hi.' heart. -The w'rdos:bf'the message expressed a re-. gret that "circlumistsances had unfortunately' prevented thk "family meeting as usual, or Lady.Maud would have personally made in quiries after his health, which she hoped had not suffered.in consequence of his exertions 'for her safety. 'The terms were courteous, the act one of good breeding kindly exercised, hit it imparted to him a thrilling felicity. He put many questions to the girl respecting Lady Maud, which she answered with hasty brevity, because she had a rather larger share of curiosi:y than her sex is gifted with, and as she knew, in common with the rest of the servants, that Erle had slept in the haunted wing, she wanted to know if he really bad seen.an actual, positive, ghost. He listened patiently to her relation of awful sights and sounds-said to be seen and heard in that gldomy quarter of the building. But he listened to her because she was Lady Maud's attendant, and because, unknowingly, she let fall observations which Erle fancied betrayedthatLady tMaud bad regarded him with interest even from the first hour of their meetirig. When the girl had gone, the conversation he had just held seemed to spur on the wish to explore what lay hidden behind that old black oaken door, untif it became a fascina lion. He was quite alive to' the questionable character of the proceeding, but be had dis covered the key in a mysterious manner, and there-was about the place itself so much hat watistrange that. he resolved to push his inquiries further. Erle sat for some time after the bell in the clock.-ower chimed the hour. of twelve, and when, at length, assured that -no' person in the buildings' was awake, he took up his lamp. With a light step he traversed: the corridors and passages conducting him to the oldest portion of the building, and ultimately he found biniself in the antique apartment which contained the door of black oak he was so desirous of opening. He never for a moment doubted that the key he h:sd discovered would fit its lock, and on trying it Ite found that it did, but that, from.long:disuse, much exertion was requirid to shoot back the brlt. I at last' slowly yielded to hts pressure,' and ultimately flew back with a loud click. At the same moment the door rapidly opened. There was a rustling, moaning sound, as of a strong blast of wind. A damp bitterly cbld atmospherse blew chilly on his face, and .instantly extinguished his lamp, leaving liiin in utter darkness. He was aware, by the rush of long pent.up air, 'that the door concealed a narrow passage which communicated with some other portion of the ancient erection, and stimulated by the romantic character of the position, and his own love of the marvellous, he determined to prosecute a search which, if attempted in 'the day, might be forbidden him. Astouter heart than his might well have paused ere it attempted to enter a recess like thisv, shrouded in impenetrable darkness; but lie believed it to be his destmy to follow out the singular advet.ares presented to him, and he plunged boldly in, groping his way carefully in case he should meet with an abruptly descending staircase, and pausing only after pursuing a narrow passage because he was checked by a door He tried it; it was firm; and a feeling of disappointment stole over him, Was his search to end in this unsatisfactory manner, With a despairing feeling, he passed his hand down to find the lock, and was rewarded by discovering it, and was yet further over joyed to find that his key opened it. As in the former case, the door flew back with sudden though noiseless violence. It revealed to him a large antique chamber, lighted through Gothic arched latticed windows by the moon. His progress through a passage intensely dark had endowed his youthful eyes with a new strength, and everything within this ancient chamber appeared to him vividly distinct. He stepped within, and found himself in a somewhat spiacious, antique library. Numberlesv books appeared stacked within old black oaklen cases; but though hlie ap. proached them closely, he was unable, bythe aid only of the cold blue light of the moon beams, to decipher their titles on their backs. He could only perceive that they were large, quaint-looking old tomes. Suddenly the light of the moon was oh. scured by a passing cloud, and the room be. came so dark he could scarcely discern an object. A low, wild rroan caught his ear, and for an instant froze the blood in his veins. Then his better sense told him the sound was but the sough of the wind predicating a coming storm. With startling suddenness a burst of moon light darted into the apartment, and fell upon a high, massive, antique chest, elaborately carved, and caused it to stand out before him in bbld relief. It was made of black oak, banded, and ornamented with steel studs. He took a step towards it, and yet more instantaneously than before, the moonlight was withdrawn by a flying mass of cloud, and again a long, mournful moan, rang through the room and ihrilled all, his nerves. It. was the rising wind again; but it had a strange and ghastly sound,.which Ifor a monient sub dued him, and he turned to find .bthe oitlet by which he entered. He uttered a gasping cry of horror. At the further end of the apartment, yet. not far from him, stood a female figure in white. It bore the same form and bad .the same features as that mysterious portrait in the old bed-chamber, known as that of the Lady Maud of olden times. There was a mournlul smile upon the features, and the figure stood with upraised hand, in a graceful attitude. It seemed to beckon him; and in spite of his awe, an irresistible fascination seemed to compel himnt to advance. He moved his almost paralysed limbs, in tending to approach t, when once more it was snatched from his straining eyes by utter darkness. A howling blast of wind rushed fiercely past the building. The tempest had commenced; he turned and fled. CHAPTER XIV. THE dawn was breaking when Erle started from his bed, and endeavoured to collect his thoughts. Rapidly everything which had happened to him the night before recurred to him, and threw him into a state of great- mental excite ment. He remembered all up to the sudden vanishing of the female figure which had in sueh an awful and supernatural spanner pre sented herself to his amazed eyes, beyond that-nothing. How, dr by what meana, he had regained his own bed-chamber, be knew not. He had seen enough, however, to deter mine to seemore, and his next-visit to the ghostly old library be resolved should be that very morning, and in the -light'-ot day. He was not superstitiouse but be did believe that 'there existed ii, heaven and earth more than 'was dreamt of in the world's philosophy. The events of his life had-already been of a wild, strange character, they had led him to expect marvels, and he was - prepared to seize every opportunity to meet with them. He considered that the occurirences of the hight before were but an event haill worked out and he truste:d to the day Va complete what the night had left unfinished. He prepared for another visit and waited anxiously until the servants had prepared his. breakfast and had retired with it. As he was about to quit his room be was startled by the appearance of Pharisee, who stood at his elbow before he discovered him. 'Upon what errand do you seek me ?' asked Erle, rather brusquely. Only one fiery gleam shot forth from the valet's eyes, and he turned them upon the floor. 'I thought you would like to hear how Mr. Cyril is getting on,' be exclaimed, in a smooth tone, 'Naturally,' returned Erle, .in a softer manner. ' Has the fever of the brain abated?' 'Oh, yes,' returned the valet; 'he.is quite himself again, so far as the brain is concerned, but he is vety low and "melancholy-so.very reserved, so very unlike his usual frank,6dpen manner.' ' Indeed 1' ejacilated Erle, with an air ot surprise, which appeared to strike tbe'valet as being something strange. Itis even so,' he rejoined; 'and what both Lord and Lady Kingswood consider so remarkable is, that he emphatically declines to offer the slightest explanation of thu circum stances which led to the ruffianly attack upon him. Perhaps you, sir, can throw some'light upon the matter, as you were the fisrt to dis cover him,' he added, artfully. ' No,' returned Erle, curtly and coldly. ''The gamekeeper fastens It all on the back. of some poaching ruffian, who is one of the wonders of Kingswood Chace, known as Tubal Kish,' continued Pharisee. ' He is constantly up to mischief, and though he is always lurking in the Chace, neither dogs nor men can catch him. There is quite an expedition of gamekeepers, beaters, and dogs off after him this morning. - 'I hope they will catclh him,' observed Erle, in a tone of inidifference. 'I am sure I hope they may,' rejoined the valetwith affected earnestness, and then added abruptly-' You must be very dull here, sir.' 'Very,' responded Erle, emphatically, ' I intend presently to take a stroll in the wood.' 'Ab I' replied the valet. 'Yet-a stroll in the wood is dull at best, I intended some thing very different to that. What do you mean ?' inquired Erle,' eye. ing him curiously. SI have some reason to believe that Lord and Lady Kingswood will shortly retuirn 'to London, itaking Lady Maud with them,' responded the valet. ' Mr. Cyril, probably, if well enough, will return to college. You, Iimagine, will remain here alone throughout the winter season, and if you are dull now what will you be then-?' . E-rle's brows slightly contracted. ' I can amuse myself,' he said, in a frigid tone. 'But London is such a delightful, gay place,' persisted the valet, in an insinuating voice, ' all festivity, life, and pleasure. There are hundreds of young ladies lovelier thtan Lady Maud, and without her pride---' 'Silence, fellow I' interrupted Erle, in a haughty voice. ' How dare you speak thus to rme? Pray confine your speculations to your own brain. At his own time, Lord Kingswood will no doubt confide his inten. tions to me. Leave me; I wish to be alone, 'Phariseo's face changed to a saffron hue, and his features seemed to contract. Master, however, of his emotions, be bowed with affected humility, humbly begged pardon, and slunk out of the room, very much as if he was greatly abashed. Left tbus nalone, the impulse to renew his visit to the old library returned again to Erle with irresistible force, and with rapid step he made his way to the haunted wing, as it was termed by the household. As he entered the gloomy sittingroom, he saw at a glance that it had not been entered by anyone since be quitted it, but he stared on disc6vering that the black oaken door be had the night before opened remained open. He advanced into the narrow passage, which he could now perceive was intended for a secret communication, and closed the door behind him. The darkness was as dense as on the night before, but be quickly made his way to the end, and found the door to the library also open. He reflecred with mortification that he must on the previous night have fled back to his own room like a frightened deer. He entered the library, and gazed around him with awe. The light entered dimly throuh the diamond panes, encrusted with the dust of centuries, and though every ob ject was visible, it caused a gloom to pervade :he spacious chamber, which, added to the extreme stillness that reigned, communicated to it a strange air of solemnity. He closed the second door which led into this ancient structure, and then turned his eyes slowly around him. Still in the same spot, in the same attitude, stood the white female figure which had so moved him the night before. A blush of shame and humiliation burned on his cheek as be detected that it was a marble srselle. He nurried towards it, and examined it with great interest atd admiration. It was a fine specimen of sculptural excel tence. The attitude was graceful, the figure sweetly proportioned, the drapery arranged with'skill, and the chiselling displayed high finish. But it was the face which most deeply attracted his attention. Not so much that it was young, delicate, and lovely, but rather because its expression was so mournful, even though a sweet smile played upon the lips. The features were like those of the portrait in the bed-chamber-singularly so. They resembled also whose ? He could not remem ber, yet they were fresh 'in his mind. He taxed his memory, but he could not readily succeed, and so gave up the investigation. The figure stood upon a pedestal, on the front of which was a tablet, containing the words-" Ye Ladye Maude." Beneath was the date r555. Underneath were the words-" The Unavenged." This statue Erle immediately conjectured to be that of th. L'dy MLaud of whomn Peari see had spoken as having been the victim of the bad Baron of Kingswood, and he regarded it with an interest which almost amounted to fascination. The motto, too, ran through his brain repeatedly, and, gazing upon the soft, sorrowful face be wondered who should prove the avenger, and when the hour of re. tribution was to come. At length he-quitted the figure, and ad vanced to onie of the old cases in which the books were ranged. As be did so a faint cry causedr him to direct his eyes to the further end of the apartment, and there he bebeld another Lady Maud standing in an attitude. of unspeakable amazement and terror. This time, howsever, it was a living, breath ing Lady Maud, and behalvanced with a slow step towards her. She sunk half-fainting upon a stool, and he saw by the ashy whiteness of her countenance that she was all but swooning with terror. 'Do not be alarmed, Lady Maud,'.be ex claimed, quickly, in a low, re-assuring tone. ' It is I-Mr. Gower.' She rose up and tried to smile, while she extended her hand to him, but her words died ere they reached her white lips. ' Pray be seated and recover yourself,' he exclaimed. 'This is a strange, gloomy old room, drear enough to scare anyone. My presence here, I know, must have been very unexpected, but still, Lady Maud, I am real flesh and blood.' This was all said readily and fluently enough, and it had the desired effect, for Lady Maud drew a long breath, and then, looking in his eyes with a singular sweetness of expressioa he said with a soft smile 'I ought not to be alarmed at your presence; rather, it ought to create within my breast a sense of protection. But but-' Shepaused, Erle urged her to proceed. 'Your.appearance here is so sudden-so strange,' she continued, with a perplexed mien. ' 'I have been in this old library for some little time, I saw you not when I entered, I heard not your arrival, but raising my eyes--I cannot tell why-I beheld you confronting me.' 'No wonder you imagined me to be a spectre,' be returned, with a smile, and then added, frankly, 'I possess, Lady Maud per haps unfortunately, a very active spirit of inquiry, a circumstance ministered to its cravings, and I bave-just discovered a mode of gaining access to this apartment by a com munication which is evidently a secret one. She regarded him with an expression of surprise. 'I bave been the habit of coming here foir years,' she replied, half musingly, 'because I am iond of the strange old fore I find in some books bere, 'yet I know of but one ap proach. That has long been disused. I-I do not think that anyone but myself is ac quainted with'this taste of mine or my visits here. Indeed,'I believe Lord Kingswood. would scarcely approve ofit' loften steal here for an bout in the morning. But, Mr. Gower you did not enter by the same way as myself -you could not.' .'I did not, Lady Maud,' he replied. SNevertheleso, I am very glad that we have met. Here I can speak to you in earnest sincerity without my Words being caught up by ears for which they were not intended. I am, in truth, Lady Maud, glad to see you again, for your presence here, and yet more your looks, assure me that you are nearly re covered from the effects of your perilous situation a few days back.' ' Indeed, Mr. Gower,' she said, the tears springing into her eyes as she instinctively held out to him both her hands, which be as instinctively took, ' I am glad to meet you, because at least here I may tender you, with the inost fervid warmth, my best thanks for your noble efforts to save me. I wish you to he assured that the service can never be effaced from my memory.' 'Your gratefulness, Lady Maud,' be re turned, speaking in an impressive tone, ' pains even while it pleases me. I wish you to think well and kindly of me. I do not desire you to remember the service, yet I should be grieved if the event passed from your memory, for then I should be forgotten by you.' Lady Maud listened to him with downcast eyes. But yet she listened to him -with a quiet joy-that undemonstrative joy which perhaps is the more dehltcious because it thrills the whole frame without making any outward sign. 