Tete-a-Tete. [BY CEIKMOBE.] The Melbourne Herald, which rejoices in an independent cable service, announced last week that Mr William Arahams, member of the House of Commons for the Welsh constituency of llhondda, had been offered the position of " Labor arbitrator" for Australia at a salary of £2000 a year. On the following day the HeraUl corrected its statement, and so there wasn't much time for speculation. If the Australian Labor Federation ever require an arbitrator it is pretty certain that they'll manage to find one somewhere between Cape York and Bass' Straits, and until they do require one no oversea appointment will be recognised by them. Ihey cany things with a pretty high band in Queensland. Some weeks ago young Judge Noel had occasion to denounce the the finding of a Georgetown jury, and reported the matter to the Government. The result is that tbe criminal jurisdiction of Georgetown Court has been withdrawn from it for a year. This is practically intimating that the whole people are dishonorable -and untrustworthy. As there doesn't seem to have been any inquiry into tbe matter this is pretty severe. Let us suppose, merely suppose, that the jury which refused to convict was right, and Judge Noel wrong ? Such things have happened, and might have happened in the Dean case in Sydney. On one occasion, when Macready played Hamlet, he had taking the part of the King of Denmark an actor to whom he was pretty dictatorial at rehearsal. It was arranged that in the fifth act, where all the dying takes place, Macready—as the star actor— should-die in the centre of the stage, with all the other corpses picturesquely arranged round him. But upon the performance coming on, the stock actor, when it came to his turn to give up the ghost, coolly dropped down in the centre o£ the stage, on the veiy spot marked out by Macready for his own death. " Die higher up," you fool," whispered tlie great tragedian; "Die higher up, will you!" Then to the amazement of the spectators the royal corpse arose on the boar<ls, and exclaimed, " Now look here, Mr Macready, you have had your way at rehearsal, but I'm king to-night, and, hang it, I'll dia where I like." Now in the Assembly rehearsals Macready Braddon has bis own way, and plays Hamlet precisely as he pleases, but on Friday last South Launceston was king, and he took up the wnole centre of tbe Glen Dhu stage for his—well, speech. Hamlet simply wasn't in it, even I'olonius Sutton taking precedence. Still a good many people are of opinion that the Premier was king after all. Hectnt events, and notably the appointment of the Dean Commission in N.S.W., demonstrate tbe necessity for the creation of a criminal Court of Appeal and lieview. Under existing arrangements tbe only appeal in criminal cases is to the Executive Council, of which the Attorney-General {who is often tbe prosecutor) is a member. Then, as to sentences. There is nothing like uniformity of punishment for similar crimes, a good deal depending veiy often upon the condition of His Honor's liver. What is wanted-is some method by which an appeal could be made to the Full Court, which should also have authority to reviewand rcyise sentences passed by individual judges. 