THE GHOST OF GLEN VALE. If The Old Resident's I Story. If If By A. J. B. |v We had ofton hoard a groat deal of talk ' about the natural bounties and the salubrioai ti climate of Glen Yale, and wo — that is, my r wife and I and our three-year-old boy, Fred— decided to spend our next Cbriatmae holidays there. Glen Vale had, moreover, b boon represented to us as a veritable land ..flowing with milk and honey, and so, after j: a council of war, we mutually decided i that Glen Talo was just the place we worn- r out city people needed whereat to recu- I', peratc, in order to enable as to continue the I Btrugglo" for existence. I At last the time for departure arrived. I As usual with women, the wife had loft It Boveral important matters for attention at I the last moment, and the race to catch the I cheap train was a wild one. f We reached the station eventually, and I. having seen tbo luggage safely aboard took f. our seats. Within two minutes the signal I had. been givon, and we were southward I. bound. I, , Away we sped, leaving the city behind, I and dashing into the fertile country. The r Boason had been a good ono, and the agri cultural districts, despite tbo advanced summer, still wore the verdure of spring. 1, As our spirits rose in sympathy with the I freedom of the surroundings and tbo speed of the train, rural nature was seen through : gladdened eyes,' which probably pictured 1 rural tbiDga more lovely than they really . were. ; Only two or threo stoppages were made by the train before the ongine commenced the labor.ous ascent of the mountains, i Straining almost painfully the iron horse ., dragged its heavy freight up the steep ' incline at a slow speed. Oo all sides natnre seomed to smile in its gladness, nnd from the window of the compartment wo had ample time to view the majestic scenery of . the Great Dividing Chain. Our lungs, so loag used to the stuffiness ' of a crowded city's heavy atmosphere, eagerly inhaled the mountain breeze, ana . seemed unable to expand sufficiently to ! satisfy nature's thirst for tho pure country . air. . .Presently we topped the great hill, and ran down the other sides, between towering : walls huwn in the solid rock, and through ' long, dark, brick-lined tunnels. The rest of j the journey was easy and speedy, and after ;; a ride of four hours without adventure ; we arrived at the station nearest to Glen ; Yale. Fourteen mileB of coaching yot lay before . tie, and there was no time to waste. While ' indulging iu refreshments at the com- j modious hotel facing the railway station we -, learned that tho coaah would start in half ; an hour. ' « It's the mail coach," said tho obliging ; boniface, in answer to my inquiry. " She \- calls here for passengers, and should oe along ; in half an hour." ; The wait was not a long one, and at last ! the coach rolled up. It was a vehicle drawn , by four horses, and designed to carry eight i passengers. But there were 10 folks from ; tho city who had booked for Glen Vale or placss boyond, and the work of golling us all on hoard necessitated a process of squscz ing. Our boy Fred didn't count, aud one of I tho extra passengers was stowod away on the box-seat, while tho other extra one was ' crammed inside. , " All aboard 1" shouted tho driver, and receiving an answer in the affirmative his whip crackod, and away ws went at a rattling pace behind a well-groomed team. Our driver was a ch&tty; individual, as most mail-coach drivers are. And what . was more, he knew every tree along the route, and the history of each. About four miles out from the station an immense body ot water swept in a torrent ovor the roadway. The driver informed ns that the creeK stopped running in the dry weather, bnt that the heavy rains of the past week were responsible for its abnormal eon- ,. dilion at that time. H " Oh, yeB, thore's a bridge over the creek," said George, the driver, in answer to I a question ; "but it ain't much use. excep- tin' iu dry weather. A thunderstorm sends ' tits water over it." Looking at the country around one could quite believe it. For half a mile oa either , side of the watorcourse, and at far as tho eye coaid reach up the stream, the land dipped to the bod of the creek, so that a smart shower would in all probability make the ' torrent we saw. "No danger, I suppose?" suggested the passenger next to me on the box-seat. "Not much," replied George, as he touched qd his near wheeler with his whip. The animai leaped forward and seamed to lift the coach bodily off the roadway. "The only thing to fear," said George, as he steadied his team, "is that I might miss the bridge. It's only about twelvs feet wide, and if one of the oeddies got over the edge good-bye to everything." " Nothing to mark the centre of tho roadway?" asked one of the other pasBongers as the leading horses entered the Water. " Never a thing," replied George. "Just trust to good luck and the learning of the horses. They're always pretty rieht." ; The wator was now almost awash with the bed of the coach, and tho horses seemed to be picking their way through the flood. The inquisitive paaseuger was evi dently a good deal concerned, and hung tenaciously to the splashboard. "Bight yor are, mo hearties?" exclaimed the driver. " Yor quite safe, mister," to tho fear-stricken passenger, "we're over tho bridge, and there's no more danger." A minulo more and we were out of the water and tearing up the hill ahead. " See that home yonder, or what is left of it?" said George, indicating several standing timbers about a chain from the road. The posts might bare been the remains of a primitive dwelling, and they might just as well have been anything else. Bonnd abont there were traces of an orchard which bad evidently flourished in days gone by. Great piles and clnsters of blackberry vines oovored stumps and logs and fences, and formed impenetrable hedges. "See that honsc? Well, they do say a ghost lives there." It was broad daylight, or I should hare entertained some misglvingB on account of our friend who had been bo terrified by the water. Tho place and surroundings looked weird onongh to be the haunt of innunior&ble; ghosts, and anyone with a vivid imagination would, with tho aid of darknoss, have little trouble in ontlining visitors from other and strange worlds to his heart's content. "Tell you how it is," continued George, as he slowad down in order to give uo ah opportunity of inspecting the ruins. " Old Tom Biackman, him as used to run the mail, shot himself in a tent just between those two straight saplings. They say old Tom had some trouble ou his mind, and his ghost won't reBt until tho thing's fixed up." Oar timid friend visibly trembled and became paler iu tho face. He evidently entertained a fear that Blaokman'a spirit would confront ua there and then. " Know anyone who has ever seen tho spook ?" I asked George. "Oh, yes 1 Thore's old John M'CInae, as used to hnvo a farm along near Glen Vale. He see'd hint nnd oould ha' kissed him if he'd a mind. M'Clune wouldn't coma along this road after dark if his life depended 'upon it. Mat Matterson, he's the baker out here, he seo'd it, too. His horse spotted it first, and wouldn't pass the place, and while Mat was trying to thrash him past he sees a light on the road himself. Then the light got bigger and bigger till 'it took the shape of a man dressed in white clothes. Jnst then it went np in the air and floatad away into yon swamp." By this time wo had reached the crown of the hill, and the interesting rains wera soon hidden from view. The rest of the journey was without incident, and when at last wo alighted in front of the Gleu Valo Hotel wo wore extremely glad that tho journey had como to an and, for the dis comforts of a mail coach will make them- sefves 'alt above the plousures of wild scenery, fresh air, and even spook yarns. The aspect as wo stood oa the verandah of the inn was one calculated to boar out the glowing accounts we had heard of the district. The township was small, but evidently progressive. The hotel was almost new, as were several businoss place; aud private housos on the samo ciiio of the street. Opposlto was a brauoh of the City Bank, in a liltla cottage of most modest exterior, standing away back from the road in a well- kept gar den. The post'office, our host informed us, was half a milo away— the village ' was spread out, and lima alone oould fill in the gap;. To the front our view stretched away for miies and miles down a wide expanse of meadow land, laden with tho most luxuriant pasturage. This meadow was surrounded by hills, with green limber-laden sides, and here and there cleared patches of agri cultural laud, some green und verdant with sown grasses, some yciiow with standing crops ready ior the harvest, and others ugain brown with tho stubbie and plough tillage. Farmers' houses with their accessories- dairies, cowyards, barns, pigsties, aud other necessary structures — formed small home steads wherever tho cultivation areas peeped through the surrounding forest with its giant gums and messmates. Around from tho back of the hotel was mora cleared ground and ftrtiie flats, with a douse mass of virgin sassafras brush to tho left. Along the outer edgo of tho brush crept a sinuous water course, which tbo eye conid trace winding in and ont away among the hills in the dis tance. After entering the meadows the ttroaro followed a perfectly straight course; here running sluggishly and glittering in the sunlight ; there hidden amongBt the weeping willows, which grow in elustert on its banks at intorvals, and eventually losing itself in the hills beyond. For a while we stood and gazed 'and ad mired, and presently went to our appor tioned apartments in the spacious hotel. Dinner was served at 8 o'olock, end ohr appetitee, made keen by tho jolting drive through nature's wilderness, foliy appre ciated the efforts of boniface to please. "'lis not oiton you are troubled with so many visitors," I suggested to Peter Tracey, the landlord, a red-haired, cleau- ehaven Irishman. " No, sir," he said. " Bless yon, sir, it's wonderful to me that Sydney folk do not vieit this part ot the country more." " I never before saw so many city people at tho Yaie at one time," chipped in an old man whose head was bowed with the weight of years. I've lived hers nigh upon 50 years, aud never in that time has there been such a rush." Tho conversation became general, and the old gentleman, who was evidently a out above tho ordinary farmor, voluutoered a good deal of interesting and instructive in formation. We learned that his name was Charles Mortimer, and he had soon better days in the old country. Ho had come to the colony whila yet a young man — a real devil- may-care— and now in his old days was tnnning the man between llen v ale and a little place soma few milce away for a mere pittance. Mortimer told the Sydney visitors of the beauties of the district, and grew eloquent in his description. He spoke of the water falls on the through road to the coast, where the river made a shear leap of 300it. down tho face of a precipitous cliff. Ho described . the oatural beauty of tho other falls iu the district, and deolared thatno part of the colony was so rich in spots of attractive ness. On and ou he chatted almost unceas ingly, describing this road and praising that bit of scepsry. " Years and years ago," hs Baid, " this fine meadow — Glen Meadow they call it— in front was a wild waste of reed-grown water. That was in the days before the farmers fonnd their way up from the coast." 11 This mnst have been a 'wilderness in. thoso days." "It whs as wild as you would find. When I cams here we he'd to clear our way through the vines and uuderscrub, and we came aorois some of the largest trees in the colony.'' One conld quite belieTs, looking over yonder, that before the advent uf white man with his civilising influences this was in truth a wilderness. Hills that evon now looked wild and impenetrable in places sloped gently down to the edge of the meadow and shut it in ou all sides. The country was of valoanic formation. One conld see that by the redness of the soil and tho lantasiicaily-shapsd stones strewn around. And then there wore the gorges in ths mountains a few miles avrsy, wiiero the solid rock had ages ago bean rent asuodor by ah upheaval of nature. Down these ravinos, which stretched out in all directions, the waters of the tableland emptied themselves in masses of spray and foam, and then con tinued their bubbling courses through fertile valleys and wealth-producing plain;. Tbo depression which was represented by Glen Meadow was probably formed when nature revolted ia the pasr ages, whou the bowels of the earth were cast up in a seeth ing macs to form the adjacent hills, and when the immense ravinos were scored in the face of the mountain. " Many years ago," said Mortimer later on, " when the meadow was a swamp it was the haunt of thousands of wild ducks, native companions, black swans and other water fowl. There was plenty oi shooting to be had then, but very few to shoot," " How did the swamp come to change into such a beautiful meadow ?" "Ob, simply by drainage. Yon see the hills all around hemmed in the water of the creek and the watercourse lost itself in the swamp. Wuen Robertson's Lend Act came iDto force, free selectors poured in from the coast districts, and took up land iu all directions. Then the work of draining the meadow was mooted, and very shortly carried out. That coconuts, you will see, for tho absolutely straight course of the watercourse through the meadow." " It Beems rather strange that there should have boen a desire to destroy such a lovely expanse of wator as that must have beon. Why, a lake that size would have been one of the greatest attractions your distriot could offer to the pooplo of Sydney," " Oh, no ; that's where you make a mis take, You see there was no lako. It was nothing better than a swamp. Standing on the bill yonder you would think that as a matter of fact it was a meadow. But if you went down to tho edgo yon would have found, instead of a meadow, a swamp. The water was densely grown with a coarse, reedy grass, which was of no use, and the water itsoif was red with iron rust." " I have heard tho pioneer farmers had rough experiences here during the early days of free selection." " They had so," answered Mortimer. "There was plenty of adventure aud hard ship in those times. Brown, who lives over there"— indicating a snog little property half a mile distant — "Brown and his wife lived for six wcelcs iu a hollow log while their humpy was being built, and now he is as well off as anyone abont. Jones, with his wife and family of two weo inltos, took up tho next block, and tbey existed on charity for months until tho first crop was ready. Bill Smith and his wiie worked like slaves till they got a plot cleared for the bouse. She always took an &xo; and helped him to fell the trees ; or was at one onu of the crosscut when necessary, and sho could handle the handspike with a good j many mon. When they canto hero Smith aud his wife and child lived nnder a shoot of bark tilted up against a log." And so tha old man talkod on recounting the trials of the plonscrB. He knew the history of everyone, and had seen them with, fow exceptions continue on the path of industry through privation and self-denial to comparative comfort. " Did you know Tom Biackman," I askod, referring to tho story told ut by tho ooach- drivcr. " Yes. Tom had soma trouble with a woman and blew his brains out." "George, the mailman, told us so," I added. "They say his ghost has been aeon by soveral persons." " Don't you bolievo such nonsense," said Mortimer, with considerable soorn. " I don't believe in ghosts— at least not as a general thing." " You have a pot ghost of your owe, per haps ?" " Not of my own ; though while I don't betiivo thai Tern Blackmail's ghoit was ovor seen, 1 do iliink there wee something in Gentleman Joe's disappearance to juttify the reports which subsequently got about. They eay his ghost was seen here in com pany with the man who was snpposed to be his inarderer." Glen Yale then had a history and a sen sation. " Would Mr. Montgomery tell us?" and he readily signified his willing ness to relate all ha knew. "I may as well commence at the be ginning!" he said, proceeding to fill his weii-ieasoned pipe, "It is about 38 years ago that tho most mysterious event oc curred, aud up to this day tho mystery has not been properly solved. The doatb of Gentleman Joe and the story of his dis appearance are matters which have nevor been satisfactorily cleared up." Tho old man paused while ho struok a match and lit his pipe. The remainder ot his terrible story was told between dense puffs of heavy smoke. "Gentleman Joe— no one abont here know him by any other name— was in ths habit of paying periodical visits to this part, and wan known by eight tn everybody aronnd. He was a kiod- hearted, genial man, and never appeared short of money. An old fellow named Dave Renshaw, a real bad lot, lived just over there at the back of the new cottage with a red chimney. You can still see the remnants of his bouse." Looking across we plainly saw the spot indicated. There were still several stand- iog posts and a heap of Btoneo which had evidently done duty as a fireplace, while half a chain further away was a dilapidated cattle gallows which bore evidences of the storms of many winters. " Renshaw had a blacksmith's forge just whore the bank stands, and though he did not have mach trade he did a bit now and again for ceaar-gotlers and teamsters who came to draw the cedar." "Did the man Renshaw live alone?" atked one of the party. "No," oontinued Mortimer, "he was married, and had one sou, who was right enough, and an idiot daughter. Poor girl, she's dead now! Renshaw, it was said after his death, had in bis younger days bnon mixod up in basbranging, bnt whether that was so or not I don't profess to know." " Bill Smith says that's a fact," inter- poted host Tracey. " Well, I can't say to. Howover, he was a bad lot altogether. Well, Gentleman Joe fell in with old Renshaw on his last vitii, and they drank a good deal together. The only drink they had was ' mountain dew.'" " And they knew how to brew the ' moun tain dew,' " interrupted an old man who we had been given to understand was M'Clune, the person supposed to have held converse with Biackman's ghost. "Tbey were seen drunk together on several occasions, too last being a Saturday night," proceeded- Mortimer, unheeding the interpellation. " That Saturday night, about the middle of June, a heavy soaking rain, with frequent showers of sleet, set in. Tho rain continued for abont n week. The weather was frightfully cold, and the bosh tracks, which serv ed for roads in those days were soon in an impassable condition." "Tbey were so," observed M'Clnne. "Why, Jack Thompson's team was bogged for a week before they could dig it out jnBI along by ths lower road junction." " Yes, and many others were bogged at the same time. But M'Clune, hold yonr psace, like a good man, or yon'll pnt me off the thread of my discourse." " Don't heed the interruptions," advised Tracey. "Jnst go ahead as if no one spoke." "Well, when the weather alearod off again, nnd tho peopls could get about once moro, they were surprised to find that Gentleman Joe had disappeared. Renshaw said he knew nothing more about his visitor than that thsy were drunk together on the Saturday nignt, and that Gaulleman Jos bad left with the intention of proceed ing to Sydney. There was, however, a good deal of doubt about this, as I tell yon the roads were impassable, and no one conld venture ths journey on foot. And besides Joe's horse was still running in a paddock behind Renehaw's hat." "But the man may have gone to Sydney all right," suggested Tomkins, onr fellow- passenger, who bad got such a scars about the haunted house ou the road, " Yes, he may have douo so, and but for subsequent events overyone would have bcon satisfied to believe that he had." For a minute Mortimer paused in his narration, as if to marshal the facts. The old man told his story without effort, and evory person of the party, with one excep tion, evinced much interest. Farmer M'Clune was tho 'exception, and his un- oasiiicsa was evident by th6 manner in which he frequently changed his position. "Shortly after Gentleman Joe's disap pearance," continued Mortimer, " Ren shaw sickened and died, and he was buried without much cerbmony or dis play in the little cemetery which yon piesod on the road from the railway. Then strange stories began to bo whispered abont. First it was a vague, unsatisfactory report that Gion Yaie war haunted.- Several men who were belated declared they had seen uucanny things and heard unearthly sounds in the vicinity of Ronshaw's house. For a long time noons seemed to have any definite ideas on the subject. Then they said it was Ronshttw and Gentloman Joe walking about arm in arm, or one standing on eaah sido of the road with a pitchfork; till at last most improbable stories were told' evory day, und the women in tbo district wore nigh upon distraction from fright." . '.v .. M'Clune oould stand the subject no longer, and, without apology, he hurriedly loft the room. "Don't mind M'Clune," said Mortimer. " He declares ho saw Tom Blaokman'a ghost at the Half-way House, and tho subject is one which doesn't agree with his nerves. There were some who didn't believe the re ports regarding the ghosts, and a party was fotmsd to fathom the mystery. The women, as I ceil you, wero in a terrible state 6f fright, and a good mauy men were consider ably scared. Tho party cam.e over one night to watch for the midnight manifestations." "Jim Finnigan was one of that crowd, Watn'o he ?" asked the publican. "Ob, Jim Finnigan was there. He was afraid of nothing in those days ; but ho wouldn't go down to the post-office now by himsoii after dark for a fortune. Well, the searchers saw something which gave them all a mighty scaro, aud they were ail con vinced that the ghost theory had been proved. After that the place becaina sultry for Renshaw's widow. She was pestered by tho psople generally to say what she know about Gentleman Joe, and there wero ugly whisperings of murdor. The stato of the country about Itore became eo unsettled that one of the justiocs of tho peaoe had a police officer sent but to mako an investiga tion. Constabio ' Meath was the man detailed for the inquiry, and ho showed a goad deal of tact in the manner ho set about tho business. He questioned Mrs. Renshaw, with tha result that she made a statement of a moat blood-curdling nature. "Mcatli took me in as a witness, and in my presence the woman told her fearful story. I don't protend to give you her words, for the affair occurrod so many years ago that I cannot remember tbem, bat I'll tell yon as nearly as I can in my own language. "Tho women wsb in a terrible stato of nervous exoitement, and seemed overcome by grief. Ai we entered Meath said, 1 Mrs. Renshaw, I have brought Mortimer to bear what you have to say. Just repeat what you told mo this morning.' " ' Indeed,' bogan tho woman, ' I shall bo glad to got tho trouble off my mind. I only wish I had done so before Rnnsnaw died. Beforo his death my life was a curso because of his cruelty towards me ; but Bines he died it has boen ten times worse, because of the woight of this terrible' secret I have kept so long. 1 iiavo beon tormented night and day— at night by visions, and at day by the pooplo of the place.' "'What do you mean by visions?' I asked the woman. 'Do you actually sec things, or is it your imagination ?' "'How can I tell?' she said. 'All I know is that there is ono period of my life of about half an hour's duration which will never f&do; from my memory. As soon as I drop off to sleep the horrible sceno is enacted before my eyes with all its hideous details, nud I wake up in a stato of prostrution through abject tear. Such a time that was, and such a sight 1 You remember, Mortimer, the Satur day night in June last whon Gentleman Joe was last seon ?' she askod, turning to me. " ' Yes,' I as1 ontcd. " ' People think he disappeared,' con tinuod the woman. ' He did, but lit was mardered, and Ranshaw— was— the— mur derer !' speaking slowly and pausing be tween each word. "Hero the unfortunate woman, weakened by months of mental torture, broke down and sobbed bitterly. When she 'became more calm sho continued ; " 'Thoy had beon driuking together, and wero both pretty full. Tho " mountain dew " seemed to affect them both more than was usual. They sat in this room till nigh upon midnight, as woit as I can toll, and were hare when I fell asleep. Shortly afterwards I was awakened by hearing Renshaw's voico from outside. It was raining hard, and ho shonled in order to make tho Gentleman hear. He called to Joe to go down to tho stable, down there near the old gallows, saying there was something wrong with the big brown mare. " Bring the lantern with yon," Renshaw said, and Joe staggered to bis feot and went out into the ram. I board the sound of thoir footsteps die away in tbe distance and, nevor dreaming of harm, foil off to sleep again. " The woman paused again to forae back the sobs that were half ohoking her utter ances. " ' Tbe next thing I know,' resumed Mrs. Renshaw, ' was that Renshaw was in thiB room apparently talking to himself.' 'What's the matter, Dave ?" I asked him, and with that he went into the bedroom, whero I was lying. His drunken face wore a Half- stupid, balf-defiant leer. He had lost his hat, and from his long hair, matted to gether by the rain, tho water was still streaming, and his clothes were saturated. On tbe front of bis light Crimean shirt I noticed dark spots whish I thought to be mad, but which were in reality splashes of blood. In ono hand he still neld tha lantern which Gentleman Joe had taken ont ; and in tne other be oarricd something wbiob I could not distinguish." "A shadder ran through the woman's frame ns sho recalled the scena, and she almost gave way to another attack of hys terical sobbing. Meath prodoced a flask of brandy nod gave her a mouthful. A minute after swallowing tbe liquid ane had re covered sufficiently to coutinae : ' ' Would to God I bad nevor known what it was 1 So I said to Renshaw, " what have you done with the gentleman t" " Done with him, be d— !" he answered, with a wild laogb. " I've done for him. See here I" Suiting tbe action to his words he uoiu up too uAia-iuiiAiag uujscii wuicri i ana noticed in ono of his hands. Ob, God ! The fearful sight 1 It was tbe head of a human being 1 It bad evidontly just been severed from tho trunk, for the blood over the features glistened fresh io the flicker of the lantern's light, and great drops of blood- gathered slowly around the lower portion and dripped off on to the floor. "That's Joe's hsad," ho said, with a fearfnl oath. "You ever say a word of this night's work and I'll serve you as 1 served him." " ' I was too terrifiod to raise an alarm, and what would have been the. use? M'Clune's house was too far away for thorn to hear me on a wild night liko that, and I beoame almost insensible with fright. " ' Renshaw told me he intendod to bnrn tbe head and bring tbe body into tha hoasa and bnrn it. Again he repeated his threat that he would kill ine if ever I breathed a word of what 1 knew while he lived. "You can do as you liko when the worms are feeding on my carcase," he said with another oath and left the room. " ' For the next half-hour he was busy bringing in great logs of wood to make up the firo, which was to hide the traces of his crime. I ley half stupid, not daring to move lest he should, in his drunken wrath, murder me. Presently he went ont, and again I heard him going off in the direction of the stablo. "'In less than 10 minutes he was baok again, dragging some heavy body, which I supposed to be Joe's corpse, and as I heard him struggling to place it on the burning logs I went off into a swoon, " ' How long I remained insensible I don't know, but when I regained conscious ness it was broad daylight, but still raining very heavily. Renshaw came into the room and begaD to buliy me, and time after time, with blood- curdling oaths, swore that he would do lor me it I ever smd a word or the previous night's work. " This tomahawk silenced Joe," he said, holding up a sling- ing-hammer, which still bore dark stains as of blood, " aud it will do for you if neces sary." Tlton he took the hammer out and scoured it, and collected tho ashes from the fireplace und put them, in a bag. He said ho intended to do away with the ashes by throwing them in the creek -over there which was in flood, '"I dared not tell what I knew, and the knowledge nearly drove me mad. While he was alive my tongue was tied. He was always b wicked man, with no regard for life, and I did not doubt that he would kill mu if that were necessary to save him from the gallows.. The heavy rain continued for a week after the crime and washed away ail traces of the murder that might have boeu. outside.' " ' Do you know of any reason why he should have murdered tho uisn ? ' I asked her. "None,"' said tbe woman, 'except rob bery. Joe always carried a fair amount of gold, and had a beautiful gold watch, whioh he told uS had cost hint 30gs. They had no row, and robbory is the onijr motive for the crime I can think of. Three months after the murder Dave eickonod atid died, and to tell the truth I was not sorry, now . could I be ? Ho bad always been a brute to me, and nothing I could do pleased him. 'That, Mr. Meatb,' said the woman after a pause, is all I oan say of the orimo. I am oniy sorry I did not tell it long ago.' "The woman's statement had been taken down by Meatn, and she signed it after ha had read it over to her. Then both Meath aud I signed it as witnesses." " A shocking story," said Tomkins. " I teil yo>, gentlemen, it was a terrible talo to listen to. Tho woman was arrested as an accessory after tho fact, bat sho saved (be country the trouble of .trying her, for ehe bocamo a violent iunatio and diod in ono of the hospitals for insane." "Little wonder that pooplo thought thoy saw Gentleman Joe's ghost," I said. "Aftor Mrs. Ronshaw's arrest," said Mortimer, " a number of pereone declared that they saw supernatural things. Some said old Renshaw and Gentleman Joe walked about arm in arm like the closest friends, aud others declared that they saw only Gentleman Joe, while others mat Ren shaw, I sm no believer in ghost; in general, but I am inclined to think there is sodte trnth about the Glen Yale apparition. I saw something myself on ono ocoasion, and felt the presence of un- cauny things. What I saw was intoosoly white, and soomod to bo semi- transparent." "It might have been a white bullock," suggested Tomkins at random. Tho otory had evidently made a deop and unplaasant impression uponbim. "Oh, no 1 There was no bullock about the thing I saw. I watched it closely," continued Mortimer; "and though I esnno, say what it was, I satisflod myself that ii was not flesh and blood. While I wai gazing intently upon the object it vanishca into thin air. No, I am sure the affair was something supernatural." "Did the authorities over obtain ovidence to substantial the woman's allegations ?" I askod. "Not absolute or direct evidence. Every thing was dona to traco Gontleinnn Joa, but without success. Some six or seven years aftor, when thoy wero putting up the boundary fence at the back of the ground upon which thie hotel stands, the man unearthed a watch, which was sub sequently identified by Gentleman Joe's friends in Sydney as his property. Under the circumstances people accepted the woman's statement. It was all that could bo done. There was no one loft to punieh." "And what about young Renshnw. Io he still alive ?" I asked. " Ho took to drink about the time the stories were going about, and was killed by a fall from his horse while in an intoxicated condition." " The best thing that could happen him under the circumstanaee," " Yea, poor fellow, he was not to blame in any way, yet the affair was Bure to stick to him. He was away at tho tima of the murder, and could throw no light upon the subject," Baid Mortimer. "Tho mys tery of Gentleman Joo's disappearance will probably remain unsolved for ever." "And tho ghoBis Are thoy over aeon now ?" " No," replied Mortimer. "It's quite tan yoara ainco the last appearance; but there are still plenty people in the district who would not pans this spot alona after dark under any inducement." The whisky bottle was introduced, and wo sat talking for eome time over our glasses. Then, with it " nightcap," we retired to dream ovor tho weird story which Mortimer had told ub. The remainder of our holiday was moat pleasantly spent, and we returned to the city at the end of a fortnight for another year's battle until Christmas came around once moro to give us fnrther opportunity of enjoying the salubrity of Glen Yale and of attempting to solve its mystery. 