NEWS OF THE W8EK. FBOM Afeas». Horaoe Marahall and S~R, of 125 Fleet-Btreet, London, we have r^-ce-v d the Ootober r-umber of ,rThe Bimetallic." THE R.B. Bnninyong, whioh arrived at Fre- mantle on Tneeday brought50,000sovereigns consigned to the Bank of Australasia, Perth. ! CORPORAL HOULAHAN, of Busselton, has been promoted to the rank of sergeant of police at Fremantle. He takes tbe place of Sergeant Taylor, who has retired from the ' forod with a gratuity. THE Standard Time Act will come into foroo on Sunday next. The oolony will adopt the mean time ot Coolgardie, which is two honra behind tbat of Melbourne, and an hoar b.hind that of Adelaide. Otra Coolgardie correspondent reporte that a fa l of 34 points of rain at Boorabbin has pnt 121t. of water into the dam there. The sap ply is now considered sufficient to ensure water for tbe looomotiveB on the Coolgardie railway throughout the summer. TBLKGBAPHING ondee date of November 20, oar Roebourne correspondent reports :-Mr. H. Osborne bas baen re-elected mayor for the third t:me in succession, and Mesero. J. H. Johnson and A. P. Hill have been elected connoitlorc-all unopposed. Ou* Kalgoorlie correspondent telegraphing una er Saturday's date reporte :-A nice showtr cf raia fell last night. Ten points were registered. The weather is cool and the roads will make pleasant travelling for the Premier., THE post-mortem examination of the remains of George Beman, who waa fonnd dead at the No Place Inn, Murray-Street, on Friday morning, showed that death WSB due to natural causes. An inquest has, therefore, been dispensed with. TBKDBBS closed at the Pnblio Work» Depart- ment on Tcesday for several worke. The following tenderers snbmitted the lowest prices-.-Swan River railway bridge exten sion, Mr. John Timms; Midland Jnnotion Btation bailoingB, Mr. JobnJSbmm; Albany tiospital additions, Mr. W. Harrison. THE third seotion of the Southern CroBS» Cooigardie Railway will bo opened to Wool« gangee, a dût ince of 60 miles, in the ooaree of a lortn'gh1. At Woolgangee there is a plentiful supply of water, tbe tank holding 16ft-., estimated to last the whole of the fcummer. 1 GOLD of a declared value of ¿618,909 4a. was despatched to the Melbourne Mint by the s.s. Wollowra on Sunday. The total quantity shipped waa 4,935oz., of wbioh 4,008JZ. were ooneiened from the banks at Coolgardie and 884oz. from Yilgarn, the balanoe being made up by small paresis from diggers at Pilbarra (18oz.), Murchison (15oz.), and Coolgardie (lOoz.). OÜB Albany correspondent telegraphing on Monday reporte : H.M.S. Orlando with B<*ar-Admiral Bridge on board and H.M.S. Wallaroo arrivt-d yesterday morning. The Orlando, leaves to-day for Fremantle. Admiral Bridge will vim Coolgardie, bis ship remaining at Fremantle till hie return. The Wallaroo is staying here. She went ont to King George's Sound for torpedo praotioe to day. THE BBV. Edward Saunders left by the "Tagliaferro for tbe Nor'-Weet, where he will be stationed in the irjterepts of tbe Anglioan Cburob. Bis residence will be at Roebourne, where he will open the new church recently ereoted and completed in the place ef that destroyed in the "willy-willy" of January, 1894\. Bishop Riley has postponed his visit tb the Nor'.West for some time, during which be will be chiefly in Pei th; THE purveying party under Mr. NewmaB, wbiobßtarted from Southern Cross at the be- gining of winter, has reauhed Day Dawn. Mr. Newman has wired to the Surveyor General as foliowB :-*' Most EHaoeesfnl trip, 460 miles of traverse, 600 miles of exploration, about 4,000 miles of riding. Numerous big waters and new goldfields fixed. Long stages and natives to contend with for tbe last 200 miles " ON Monday tho Postmaster General, Mr. Sholl, received the following telegram from the postmaster at Esperance :-" I faired a horse and sent Mr. Lloyd ont early this morning, expecting to find the fault in the telegraph line within ten miles. He returned at 2 p.m. and reports that three miles from office about half a mile of the poles were split from top to bottom daring last night's storm. He oleared line, but found nt» break. On hU return he hired a man and despatched him at 3 p.m. to remedy the fault." MB. FETER WOOD, of tho firm of Mesera. G. Wood!, Son, & Go,, and Mr. Bobert MoBwle, of the firm-of MeBBrs. G. MoBwln & Son, of Olen Ewin, reointly returned to Adelaide from Westtru Australia, and in speaking to a Register reporter they said :-We are tinder the impression that the colony will doable its population within a oouple of years, and we shonld cot be enprised to see half a million of people settled there within five years. As far as t e physique of the men is oonoarned there is no doubt tbat Western Austra ia has the piok of the oolonies. THE résidence of tre Minister of Mines (Mr. Wittenoom, M.L C.) in Adelaide - terrace, narrowly aeoeped being tbe scene of a serions fire early on Friday morning. Shortly before 2 o'clock P.o. Weatrop, while o * dnty in the vicinity, noticed a reflection from the rear of the premises, and upon investigation dis« oovered that tbe floor of a beek verandah was on fire. The prompt application of a few buckets of water averted the danger. THE Mayor-es, Mrs. A. Forrest, held the final reoepiion of the mnnioipal year on Wednesday in tbe Town Hall, wbere in oorapany with the Mayor sie reo dived the guests, Daring the afternoon a band played a programme of selections, and ices and othrr sommer re- freshments were provided. A number of the citizens took the opportunity of thanking Mr. and Mrs. Forrest tor their kind end genial hotpitality during the three years of oooapauoy by Mr. Forrest of the Mayoral chair. It was mentioi ed that Mr. Forrest intends to proceed to England shortly, and both the Mayoress and himself wera made the recipients of many good wisheB. AMONGST the leading mining managers who returned io Perth from Melbourne and the j Gap by the lest mail ara Mr. "Kaufman, of the ' London and West Australian Exploration Go., and Mr. Z. Lane, manager of the Great Boulder. Mr. Lane states that he has been informed that there ia a plentiful cuppiy ef water at the Boulder, and he has ordered extenaive pumping apparatus to he sent to the mine in order to keep the workings free from water. It is also stated that a goed supply has been struck at a shallow depth in the Great Boulder's water area and in the concession granted to the Hannant Pro- prietary Company, the managing director of wbioh, Mr. George Gray, is at present in Kalgoorlie with the aeoretary¿ Mr. Hindhaugh. THE Premier is most energetically pursuing bis mistión to the goldfields. He arrived at Kalgoorlie from Coolgardie OB Friday hight. On Saturday morning fae visited several of .the more important mines in the district, inoluding the Great Boulder, Ivanhoe, Boya* Mint, and Hannan'a Brown Hill. In the afternoon fae received deputations, and he was entertained at a banquet in the evening. White Feather was reached by him on Sun day. There he was presented with an address of weloome by the committee of the looal Stoofc Esohange. Afterwards be visited a number of mines iu the locality, and inepeoted the public buildings, inoluding the hospital and post office. In the evening a banquet was tendered to him. . Full partió a lars of the Premier's movements, are fur. niefaed by telegrams appearing in other portions of to day's issue. WITH regard to recent reports as to the Pope's health, the Some correspondent of the Gazette de Lausanne, writing to hie paper, j saya :-" It is not true the* the Pope is dying, since he gires audience* every day, j bat I learn from persona worthy of all credence that hie Holiness' health has greatly j deteriorated during the past few months. ¡ In the opinion of many people who have" opportunities of being brought into close | ooutact with the Pope, he will not survive the winter. His intelleot remains un- impaired, but a'.l his vitality now seems, as it were, concentrated in his brain, and it is this which deceives those admitted to audiences into believing that the Pontiff must be in the beBt of health. Those who are admitted to His Holiness' intimacy, however, are much less optimistic, and testify to a rapid decline of physical strength." IN tbe Fall Court on Monday argumente were beard on a motion by the Crown Solicitor for a new trial in the oaee Clinton v. Commie Bioner cf Railways. It will be remembered that the oaee, whioh was heard before the Chief Juatioe and a jury, involved a olaim for damages through an injury sustained by Mre. Clinton at Guildford through the alleged carelessness of the railway officials in not having a oarriage door securely and properly fastened. The jury found for the plaintiff, and awarded her ¿100. After heating the arguments the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice S-one upheld the main point of the Appellant, that the verdict waa against the weicht of evidence ; but Mr. JuBtioe Hensman differed, holding that the question was one purely for a jury to decide, and that the verdict was such as might be reasonably arrived at. Judgment was given for the appellant, with costs. The new trial will probably take place in February next. MB. NEWMAN, the Government Surveyor, who has been on an extended trip on ? exploration work between Coolgardie and Cue, arrived in Peith yesterday, .with Mr. A. Mason and several other members of bis party! Tbe party left Guildfsrd on thé 27th of February laBt, and have« therefore, been altogether nine month« lu oompletiugtheir labours. AU the party were in good health, notwithstand- ing the hardships ehflnred on' tba trip. The moat distracting ailmen' w«d il af. of t-ccuvy, bat Mr. Mason, who lia: ot'ar^e of tho medioine obest, succeeded in bringing th" sufferers ronnd. Eighteen ..ararla wcre taken, and of these only two died, a f »ot which speakB volumes for the at* in the selection of the stock, as well as f or tbe ability of the white attendants, who on thi^ocoosion, at »ll events, showed themselves qmte 'qnal to Afghan drivers. Toe party t¡avrlled uvi¡r 4,000 miles, did 460 miles oí traverse, and 600 milos of cxolora*ion work. Mr. New- man's report of .'ho tup will obonly bi» sub- mitted to the Commissioner cf Crswn Land«. A CORRESPONDENT in the London Times writes from Nanaimo, B.C. :-" Perhaps some of yonr readon, especially anglers, might like to know something of the great ran of salmon which we have recently bad, and wbioh is not yet over, in the Fraser Bmr. lu ona day the fishermen caught as high as 1,000,000 salmon. One host saocesded in catching 1,300; many other boats caught nearly as many, aud the others varied as to their natch, but 400 fish to the boat was the lowest. No sooner were the nets thrown in the river than they would be filled with salmon. Some of the fisher* men made conti aots wi h the oannory owners at 25o. and 30o. per fish, so that if f o me cf the fishermen who made Ina big hauls got this figure it makes fishing a pretty profit- able burineBP. One cannery bought 35,000 salmon in one day. Owing to the immense quantity of fish, and ss most of (he canneries have as many as they can paok, the prioe of the salmon haB fallen, and they are now only fetching So. per fi-h. Wai: ea, Japanese, Indians, and Chinese are the people who ca1 oh the salmon. This year promises to be a very lnorative one for the canneries." TBE etiquette of courts of justice some- times requires that tbe judges should be BB j blind as tbe goddess whose mioiet-rs they ¡ are. On Wednesday Ur. Moss bad a matter to bring before the Chief Justice. The case oooupying His Honour's attention was oompleted somewhat sooner than was anticipated, and Mr. Moss bad not avaled himself of the opportunity to den wig and gown. "I would like to bring a matter to your Honour's notice," | said the Fremantle barrister wh?n bo got a word in edgeways. " I can't heir you, Mr. j MOSB," answered the Chief Jnstioe. " I j can't Bee you. I see a ghost. But I cannot see you. You bad better get some one elfe to speak for you." The " ghost " obtained the intercession of another lawyer, less etherial in the garb of horsehair and alpaoa. "I oan hear you now," said His Honour later when ho learned from the facts sub- mitted tbat it was neoessary to be informed of the exact terms of the application, and although the ghost had not b«en materialised by the mysterious and essential process of robing, bis figure was as distinctly seen as his voice was plainly heard. WAITING of hie experiences in Australia, the Bev, H. B. Ilaweis, who recently visited the oolonies on a lecturing tour, says : I have deliberately oome to the conclusion that I had better leave Australian politics, Legislature, and Executive alone. If I stood aghast at Amerioan politics I am fairly nonplussed by Australian. In America there is a faint coherence of State. In Australia there is eaoh colony hates tbe one next door-no pretence of colonial coherence-duties and counter duties make import and export profitless. The labour party seems upper- most, and it amounts to a sort of mob rule in the interests of those who have got nothing and to the detriment of those who have got something. The virtuous citizen bolds alot>f from the aiok body politic of the Sta'.e that lies wounded and stripped by the needy robbers who are always making their escape, and the thinker pasees by on the other side. It ie a common complaint that justly in the law courts is rxpensive and uuoertain. One judge pre jud j s a ca Be on the bench and anethor openly states that the judges are hampered in their decisions hy party polibioi and quiet pressure from the Legislature. Io spite of all this there are excellent men on the ; bench, and things march, as the French say A MEETING of the Sir John Forrest presenta tation oommittee was held on Friday night in the Mayor's parlonr, Mr. Leake, M.L.A. being in the ohair. The other members present were Mr. Traylen, Mr. Bbya-Jonea, Mr. Congdon, Mr. Geiloff, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Davies. Mr. George, Mr. Padbury, Mr. Hurst, Mr. Barrett, Mr. Crowder and the hon. secretaries, Mesare. Victor and Gale. The minutes of the pre vious meeting having been read and con- firmed, the namcB ofMeserr. F. Miller and S. J.< Haynes, the chairmen of all roads boards, and the managers of the banks of the colony, were added to the committee. The chairman reported that tho hill would not be available upon the 18th. Ic was therefore deoided to hold a banquet on Saturday 21st December at 7 p.m. Mesare. Hurst, Barrett, and Gerloff were appointed a Bub-oomesittee to consider the details in connection with the banquet. It was resolved that the banquet tickets nnd the subscriptions to the-, presentation fund should be kept entirely separate. It was deoided that the presentation should, in the first instance, take the form of a service of plate, the surplus subscriptions eventually being expended in accordance with the wishes of Sir John Forrest. Some dieonssion enfu?d as to whether the subscription list should be an open or a limited onei Eventually it was deoided that subBOriptione should be un- limited* but that the emalleBt contributions would be thankfully reoeived, seither the names of the subscribers nor the amounts contributed, however, being made public The next meeting of the oommittee will be held in the Mayor's parlour on Wednesday evening neat at 8 o'olook. THB outione craze of stamp collecting is not pursued without method by many phila- telists, and not withont a bees eye to th» main ohanoe. An opportunity not to be missed was afforded by the looal post office last week. The supply of halfpenny stamps was in danger of running short, and several months ago the department ordered from London a quantity of fresh "ha'pennies." The consignment wes expsoted to arrive by the recent mail boat, hut as it did not come to hand the department had to fall back upon a make shift. A lot of old Crown colony "th reopen vies" were lying useless, »nd these were seized, eent to the printer, and sur- charged a halfpenny. They were offered for sale on Friday. On Saturday not a single one of tho new issue remained. Fifty pounds represented tho now face value of the total, wfaioh was bought up pounds' worth at a time. The office was besieged with col- lectors, who were very quiokly apprised of the valuable philatelic strangers. Amongst the most esger purchasers were some of the post office staff, who seized upon the ohanoe of augmenting their rather meagre salaries with a modest speculation in ¡.-aper. Tho issue having been all bought np, the «-tamps roBe to a premium at once, and ara now sell- ing at fix times th«ir postal value. If the oountry were in tho financial straits of some of the colonies, the incident would probably euggest a new way ot adding to the con- solidated revenue fund. Following the foot- steps of New Zealand, tho Government slight iBBue epeoial marked stamps for a limited period, and having held them until their quotations roBe in the market, they could bo sold at a great profit, thus improving the annual Treasury returns. THE crying evil of France (eave Hospital) ia respect of the child population ties among the beggars. The borne supply proving inadequate, an organised system exists ef purchasing and hiring children from other countries for begging purposes. It does not appear so far that England hu been pressed into the service, notwithstanding her superfluities. But 700 little Italians are annually betrayed into the hinds of Frenoh agents by their parents, end half of theBe it is estimated dis off in the course of the year. The importation of crippled and infirm children for begging purposes is au even more cruel abase. Aooording to Dr. Petit, hunchbacks are systematically manufactured et Tolosa, in Spain, whence they are exported into France. "Agents traverse the region on the look out for invalid children. Club feet are in great request. They take the child, at the age of seven or eight years, to the hunoh ba.'k maker who, in twpThonths of treat- ment, undertakes to form a crook, to waste away and dry np the two legs and produce these frightful deformities which are oor tàin to call down a raia of sons." In 1887 the Minister of the Interior, who tried to suppress the infamous traffic, reckoned the number of these hapless obildren des- patched from Spain every year at 400. Again, from Savoy aome 1,200 children are annually hired oat to beg in the streets of Paris, and all this in Addition to a nnmber esti- mated at 40,000 in the last ten years of true born Parisian children, some of whom start lite as babies, hired ont to excite oom 'passion, and fetching their highest price by night in bad weather. When will a Parisian counterpart of Dr. Wangh arise to conquer P THE general annaal return of the British Army for 1894 baa reoently been issued. The average strength of all arms of the regular army during the year is given at 219,121, of which 136,665 were infantry of tho lina, 18,265 cavalry of the line, and 37,108 royal artillery. The officers nnmbered 7,679, the warrant officers 883, and the mea 210,559.' The total increase in the ranks of non-commissioned officers and men during tfce year was 36,657, and the decrease 33,965 (of whioh 1,792 were deaths), chowing a net in orease of 2,692. The number of effectives on January Z last was 213,555. The number of men reported SB discharged during 1894 was 10,480, while- the pensions granted numbered 1 319 permanent and 1,184 temporary. One interesting table of the returns ia that dealing with the desertion;. It appears that some 3 958 men deserted, but that 1,833 rejoined, whioh shows a net losa to the service from this cause of bnt 1 per cent. The number of men transferred from the Regular Army to the first class Army Beserve waa 16,229. The seotion of the return dealing with the reserves show that the Army Reserve num- bered 82,947. tbe Militia 121,667, the Yeo- manly 10,014, and the Volunteers 231,328-a grand total of 445.956, exclueive of 31.31& Militia Beserve. Whereas the Regular Army has a supernumerary force of 4,395 on an establishment of 191,790, the figures for the Reserve show that 46,061 men are required to complete an establishment of 492,017. Of this deficiency tho Volunteers account for 29.S27, the Militia 13,172, the Yeomanry 1,559, and the Army Reserve 1,503. THE following paragraph has appeared is th* Pall Mall Gazette, under the heading "What the JapB can do".-«In the first place, they caa gauge the feeling of the money market, as ia evidenced in the oirenlar recently sent out by the London ; branch of the native Japanese Bank, off«. 'lng to xedaoe from 6 to 5 per oent.« -the rate of interest charged apon ed-1 vanóos against shipping documents attached : to sterling drafts upon the East. As a matter ot fact, in all directions Japanese manufacturing enterprise ia growing apace. Very little has been said of la'e of the efforts of the Japs, as paper-makers, bat they are producing a very good ertiole ; and tho.Be who have seen it in the country would not be surprised to find it competing ia the. English market, along with rivals to the black-leads of Nuremberg, for Japan is also turning out a decent lead pencil. The cotton-spinning re» enlts have been considerably in evidence of late ; and, from «pinning, the Jape, have get to weaving cotton. There is already one weaving-mill-the Emma-working in the country, while more are contemplated. Then there is a copper works at Osaka, which provides the metal for the bronze coinage of Japan j and in the neighbourhood of these works are the eheda of tbs Alkali Company, with a capital of £70,000, which i<) already tnrniag ont uulphurio aoid and muriatic acid, . besides chlorate of potash and auetie acid. Again, the Japanese glassworks are turning ont chimneys,tumblers,and stoppered chemi- cal bottles; the ironworks have made a cen- trifugal pomp, with a capacity of -45,000 gallons au hoar ; type-founding and printing machinery, safes, and bicyclesare other ^pro- ducts; and pianos «nd small steamships are «Isa being bniit by the industrious Japs." ? V'.. ÖKK af fha moat snooesefnl and agreeable of. recent Masonic inactions was held inconneo tioa with the antient fraternity last week. The occasion waa the oonatitotiag a new j Lodge at '. Sonthern Cross, (ha second formed j in the Eastern goldfields. On Saturday ; morning last .there arrived from Perth, for ] the parpóse of conducting the ceremony, Bro. J. Arthur Wright, D.G M.; Bro. J. W Haokett, D.G-S.W. ; Bro. F. L. Hussey, D.G. Seo. ; and Bro. C. T. Meson, P.M. At Southern CrosB they were met by Bro. th» Bight' Bev. Bishop Biley,¿&ot;íog D.G. Chap- lain, who was staying at Sonthern Grose. The oeremony of consecration was performed by the D.G. Master in aa impressive manner, in the presence of a large gathering of brethren, assisted by Bro. Bishop Bitey as Chaplain, Bro. Hussey acting as B/.G. Direc- tor of Ceremonies; the Wardens* chaira being filled by Bro. Hackett, D.G.S.W., and Bro. Alexander, P.M., M'eX.C. Thé new Lodge was consecrated under the title of the Southern Crois Lodge, Ko. 2,574 in the regiBtry of tba . Grand Lodge of England ? The consecrating oeremony being concluded the installation bf the first Worshipful Master commenced, the duties bf - Installing Master being performed by Bro. Hussey with, his ocoustomed care and precision. The brother who had been eeleoted by the brethren to be their first Master was Bro. Sam Colman, the muojti.respöoted and popular j registrar cf the Warden's Court. At the ¡ conclusion, cf the ' installation the n?w ! Worshipful Master investsd his officers as follows :-Bro. if. H. Stubbs, I.P.M.; Bro. John Cbadwiok, S.W.; Brother Henry Fein, J.W.; Bro. Hoary .Huggins, Seo,; Bro- A. ] Wilson, ß,D.; Bro. O.Ç. Weiers, J.D.J Bro. j Thomas Hood, LG ; Bro. W. Jones, Org.; ! and Bro. E. A. Gunning, Tyler. After tue. ceremonial proceedings of the evening had, eonoluded the brethren adjourned to the, B iii way Hotel, where a banquet of a moBfc, excellent description had beau served np by Bro. Hdggine, the table being as orcamenta1 U3 it proved sustaining. A most pleasant evening was then spent in true masonic fashion, enlivened by toasts, speeches, and harmony. fis BK SOHMJBIBSBB, the . German expert, un- hardened himself at the entertainment giveu hy the Mayor on Tuesday in hie honour and in honour of his assistant, Dr. Vbgai «ang. He did not "giveaway " hit report. He is much too prudent for anobVa slip. JBat he had \a- little dry fun at the expenso of those who had attempted to .* pump " h:m, if the oolloquialism may be employed. A Coolgardie paper sdd that " tbe Germans were as dumb as a dosed oyBfcer. They only ea'd umpb, nmph, or they had no opinion in particular." The expart also admitted tbat he nae deaf t j\ tue persuasions of our own representative wno had been unable to glean a hint whether the opinion he hid formed on the fields was favourable or the reverse. Herr Schmeisser did not deny that brevity is tbe soul of wit, but fae naively remarked ?"the short words may be misundo'st od." Therefore he had very shrewdly declined to .deliver himself on the mush "fished" for .opinion, except to tiose specifically entitled to it, and tb them only in black and white, whtn -there would be no possibility of nmcoustrao tion. " The opinion is not finished," «aid Dr. Vogelsang. It must bo admitted tbat tbe experts «ho ved a masterly graBp of the intrioacies ef tho English Ungnage, whiou would fib them for the diplomrtio cervioe or the Treasury benoh et question time. They Bailed pretty doss to the wind on on« or tvro . oooasions, but it was only to disippninv the hopeB of tbose wbo thought they reign*, ."read between tb' linen " an* gain on i-ikhr g of the important secret. Even the Mayer hazarded tbe remark that the opinion of \bn expert could not be unfavourable, but ir failed to ** draw our subtle German cousins, who discreetly allowed the observation to ¡pasa unnoticed. "A piece for everything and everything in ila place " is rlie¡ motto nf tha tidy hiueewifeihu); j^jpblfgha^^gfe^ .. ware jfi itf taiúly^^ fh$.'^fcfelijS.; 