THE STRANGE CASE AT ■ ST. ALBAN’S. We were Tory busy at St. Albans Hsspital. Nurses and dootors were hard at work from morning till night, and from night till morn ing again. The severe winter was bringing its usual acoompaniments of starTatian and sick ness. Hard times and bad living were working havoc among the poor ; the hospital was fall to overflowing. An nnasnal number of casualties, at the same time, brought stretcher after stretcher to the accident room. The great clock over the entrance was just striking six as I threw my shawl round me and hastened off across the grounds to the dis pensary. Running quickly through the snow, I soon arrived at the door, and was greeted fay the customary growl which awaited late comers. “I am sorry I ara lato in coming for the stimulants,” I said, as soonas I could get my breath. “ I could not leave the ward before. Let nta see, six ounces of brandy for No. 20, and little No. 16’s port wine; that is all, I think.” “Anything fresh this afternoon, Nurse Deaton?” inquired the dispenser, as I busily packed the bottles into my apron pocket, in order to have my hands free for my shawl. . “ Nothing for ns,” I answered. “ A bad • ease has just gone up to ‘ Mary ’ Ward. A ' poor young fellow was brought in this after noon, found dead in the snow—good even ing,” and I set off again across the white gronnd. “Off duty at six,” I said to myself, as I went. “IwOuld not go off,.^niy^£?ata .so tired, and-sietfe-says I must.”r * ' . At the doorfeUcountered Nurse Flemming, \- .roy-olmm-end fellow-nurse, just emerging from the ward, accompanied by two women, one of whom was weeping bitterly. “ Oh, dearie,” exclaimed Nurse as soonas she saw me, “I am so glad you are oome, _ This is the wife of poor No. 12 who died this morning ; she wishes to see him. I know you are off duty, dear, but do you mind takingher? I’ve just got a fracture in, and Mr Hooper is waiting to attend to it; thank you.” .1 nodded a cheerful acquiescence, and . she turned back to attend to her many duties. Taking the women with me, I went to the room of the porter who kept the mortuary keys. With many growls he lighted his lantern and prepared to accom pany us, as tie was in duty bound to do. He was one of the many .male officials of St. Alban’s who considered it right to be as dis agreeable as possible to the nurses whenever they required his services, so I took no notice of his mucmuriDgs, hut devoted my attention to the poor woman at my side. While she W8s telling me of the many virtues of her late husband, aud of the dark future in store for herself and her eight children, wc arrived at the door of the mortuary. Leaving us standing there, under a lamp which projected from the wall, and which tho porter lit from the flame of his lantern, the man entered alone, in order that he might bring forward from the large mortuary the particular body we wish to see ; presently he opened the door again to admit us. The door by which we entered led into a tiny ohapel. It was here thattherelativesof the deceased looked their last upon the pale, set faces of their departed friends. The body about to be visitod was wheeled on a light trolly into the chapel, which was kept very clean, and daily re-dcoked with white flowers. As we entered, the porter stepped outside to do something to tlTe lamp, which did not burn properly, while I went forward with the women, and gently turned back the sheet irom the poor dead face. The two women were too much absorbed_ —the one with her grief, and the other with her sympathy—to take auy notice of me ; so I,_ remembering a poor littlo waif who had died in my arms a day or two before, and thinking I should like to see him again, for I had grown to love the little, niotlurless creature, pioked up the lantern from tho floor, and went in search of my little patient. It was some time before I found him, and after imprinting a kiss on the small, pitiful face, I went to look at the new post-mortem room, which had lately been finished and which I had not seen. I was walking round, the light of the lantern gleaming weirdly on the white tiles which lined the walls and , floor, when I suddenly heard a door bang. Without knowing what had happened, ~i shivered with apprehension, and my ficBh crept uneasily. In a moment I had flown through the mortuary and into tho ohapel. Too late 1 The door was shut, aud all was darkness! •In a moment I knew what had happened ; the porter, supposing that I had gone and left the visitors to him, had turned out the gas, locked the door, and gone away with them." Oh,it it was too horrible ! I beat on the door with both my fists! I raised mv voicein a fear ful scream, but that was worse than the awful silence, for the hollow walls took up the sound, and the mocking echo came back tome, as if the dead were shrieking in.fhcir places ! I sank on my knees on the damp stones and covered my face with my hands. J The building stood far away from any other : the blustering wind would prevent my voice being heard even bad I the courage to shout again, which I had not; no one would be in the grounds in such weather as "this ; I should not be missed. Ip. the ward I should be supposed, being off duty, to be in my own room. Nurse Flemming, missing tne from the supper table, would imagine that I had gone to bed, and would probably retire without, aB she thought, disturbing me. What should 1 do ? Wliat could I do ? To remain ihsro ell night seemed impossible, yet how much morn impossible to get away. I had always been accounted among my fellow nurses as the most courageous, and I fear I had been wont to boast that nothing could frighten me, but I had never dreamed of anything like this. To sit among friendly faces in the daylight, or Dosido a cheery fire, was one thing. To be forced to spend a night alone with the dead, was another. At length I gathered sufficient courage to torn round and try to realise my position. Oh, ho w I envied those fortunate mortals who, mmomenta of danger and dread, oan quietly faint away into calm unconsciousness, to recover their seines only when the horror is past. If I could only lie down on that oold floor and sleep. Aye ! even if it was the sleep that knows no waking, how gladly would I nave done so. Anything rather than remain terror-stricken with- these dreadful com panions. I glanced at the lantern ; how long would it burn ? Could I depend on its light lasting till dawn? I looked at the •roily, with itscold, still burden, then, with a mighty effort, 1 crossed the ohapel, and seizing the end of the ghastly carriage, i whirled it into the large mortuary. With as much strength as my arms still possessed, 1 : sent it into tho darkness, and flew back into tho dimiy-lighted chapel, closing, tho door behind me. Now at least I was alone, with nothing more unearthly than white flowers, and a large ebony cross, which hung against tho trail. Sinking down into the corner most zemote from the inner door, wrapping my shawl closely’ round my shivering shoulders, I placed the lantern beside .me, and strove vainly to think of pleasant things. I tried to think of the ward, with its cheer ful fire and rows of beds with their cosy rad rags; of the fun we had had at Christ mas with the children and the Christ mas tree; ot horns, with the dear faces I hqped to 368 when the summer came, and with it the long-anticipated iiolidar Butall in vain ! My eyes would keep glancing round at tne horrible door. My ears would sbraiuthemselves to listen for sounds from that silent room. Oh ! I should go mad ! 1 could nqt bear it! How wicked ! how cruel! that no one came to seek me. What was that ? . The great block at the entrance was striking. One ! two !—but, no seven ! eight 1 then silence. Only eight o’clock I Only two hours since I ran through the gar den to fetoh stimulants! ' Almost involuntarily I slipped my hand into my apron pocket. Yes, there wore the two bottles,' carefully wrapped round with my handkerchief, as I had put them. For a moment a ray of hope darted across my ~ mind; surely, when the bottles were missed from their place, inquiry would be msSe, and I should be sought for. But a' moment's reflection brought baok the old despair. It was not an unheard*ot thing in those busy times for the dispensary to be for gotten until the door was locked and the dispenser gone. Mixtures and medicine would be left on the little shelf outside, but not the stimulants—and Sister, with a sigh at the forgetfulness of her nurses, would serve the patients from the stock bottles, and no thought would be directsd to me. i Whether I fell asleep or not 1 have never since been able to determiue, but when I roused from the semi-consciousness into which I had fallen, several hours appeared to have elapsed. Instead of the dim light of the lantern at my side, the chapel was flooded with silver moonlight. In spite of my thick shawl, I was fearfully cold aud cramped with lean ing so long against the chilly stones. I was aware that something had roused me ; some thing besides moonlight and discomfort. A glance at the skylight overhead showed me the moon sailing calmly through the dark, blue vault of heaven, surrounded by fleecy clouds ; and, even as I looked snd listened, the great clock struck two. For nearly six hours I had lain unconscious in that awful place. The fact did not tend to bring me comfort ; I felt sick and ill, my limbs ached the black cross, touched by the moonbeams, loomed darkand awful against the whitewall. Oh, to die and forget everything 1 What was ' that? A Bound !—a groan ! Oh! Heaven ! coming from the other side of that inner door 1 I had risen to my feet, but now I sank back, frozen with horror, into the sheltering cornor. For a few momenta silence, then it came again. I listened-- a low, long moan— but to mv^oonfused. brain it was not the \- -hoilow; unearthly groan of/the stage ghost i such as we f re wont to assoeratewith rattling chains and lnrid blue fire, but rather the ; groan of a human creature iju pain. As soon i as this idea took possession of my weakened mind, my courAge returned. All my nurse ! like instiuots came to my aid. » The thought that a living human being J was near, much more a fellow-creature who f needed help, filled me with now energy, and 1 I rose and took up my lantern. What I i expected to find I hardly know: perhaps : some workman who had been assisting with l the new building had fallen asleep, or been r overcome with drink, and shut in, like, my self, through misadventure. How improbable i a theory this was did not, fortunately, occur i to me until long afterwards, and I opened i the door and looked into the dark interior. \- At the sound or the opening door the groan ing ceased, and for awhile 1 stood uncertain which direction to take. • Presently a movemeut at the further end : decided me, and I made my way slowly i round the stone ledges, casting the light of i the lantern, on the ground as I went. No i sign of a human figure could I Fee. No ■ British workman's recumbentform g*addened my eyes. 1 stood still, in perplexity. Oh heavens 1 what was that. ? Close beside me, not yet placed in a shell, but lying on the stone slab, lay a long, still figure. Still ! Oh, horror ! As 1 looked, unable to stir, I saw the white sheet that covered it move—a long, thin band pushed itself from beneath and almost touched me. All my former ex perience was nothing to this. In a moment the fingers had pulled the sheet from the face, and a pair of dark eyes' gazed into How long 1 stood thus I shall never know. At length, a ljng, quivering sigh from the white lips called mo to myself and I gathered courage to bend over and touch the prostrate form. Enough 1' The spell was broken ! I knew that this was no time to hesitate—no tune to give way to womanish fears. I took the cold hand in mins. “ Do not fear,” I sa'd, in as oalnt a voice as I could command, “ I will do all I oan for you,” and taking the shawl front my shoulders I folded it ronud the shivering form. Instinctively I remembered the bottles in my pocket, and drawing them forth dropped a littlo brandy between tho chatter ing leetn. After a while the returning color m the lip*, the increasing warmth of the limbs, told me that my efforts had not been in vain. Oil, if I could only summon aid ; but that was impossible ! If I could keep life in my companion, nty patient, until help arrived. Fortunately my shawl was a large, warm one; fortunately, old No. 20 had not got his brandy, but I had it safely here. •‘Where am I?” asked the . man, as he looked round tho dim place, his face full of surprise—and no wonder, for hu surround ings had, to say the least, an unusual appearance. I did not thiuk it wise or necessary to explain matters more than to tell him he was in St. Alban’s Hospital, and would soon doubtless be well. He told me what I had already guessed, that in travel ling ou foot through the snow he had been overtaken by intense fatigue, and being un able to overcome the drowsiness he knew well might be fatal, he had fallen asleep. “It’s a wonder i’m not dead,” he concluded, and I made no answer. I had been so absorbed in my work that I had taken no account of tho hours as they went by, until now I heard the clock ring out six I Oh, the joy of that sound 1 We kept early hours at St Alban’s, aud at six o’clock we were expected to rise. I should b» missed, sought for, and found ! I was shivering and sick. Toe man had fallen into a dose, from which I could not find it in my heart to rouse him, lonely and miserable as I felt. Oh, how cold it wa9 1 My thin cotton dress was scanty covering from the icy air. How long would it be before they found me ? Would they seek long before they thought of the mortuary ? Would they think of the mortuary at all 1 How- all these thoughts tormented me, chasing each other through my aching brain until, at last, a sound of a key turning in the lock—-the voioe of my dear nurse and companion saying iu be wildered tones, “ She cannot be here,porter.” Then the whole placo spun rouud, and 1 saw and heard no more. It was loDg before I returned to my work. Pneumonia set in, aud lor weekB 1 was too ill to leave my bed. Tenderly was I nursed, and much was I praised for what they were pleased to call :ny bravery. My patient, I learned, had recovered, and was full - of gratitude for his strange rescue from an untimely end. The case of “suspended animation” was much talked of among the doctors, and the 1 medical papers took it up with interest. “ ioa saved his life, you know,” said the nurses to me, apparently to console me for my unpleasant experiences ; aud the patient himself has loldmethe same thing a hundred times since thatdaj*, fori am now his wire.— “Strand Magazine.” 