Stamboul in Blood. A Week's Atrocities. ' The last) English papers delivered -are full of accounts of the week of horror in Stamboul at the beginning v. of last . month.' The cable messages but faintly, convey the idea of the ' atrocities perpetrated, and we now supplement the cabled accounts by a tow hurriedly-clipped particulars, j Chiefly we extract from the Daily IfHM,, which thus focuses the events of the week : ^ The summary of the week's trouble is that the Armenians wished to make a demonstration which Bhould hasten ' » solution in favor of thar co-religion- ists: that the Porte determined that it should nob take place, while unwise leaders of the Armenians had made up their minds that it should, even though force became necessary. This was their great mistake, because once there was a question of force they had not a chance of success} but, being men driven to despair, they went through with their programme. Then Moslem fanaticism, armed and in authority, was let loose, and every Armenian who was armed became a victim, together with hundreds who were unarmed. There had been no rising, no insur- rection, or rebellion j but opportunity . has been taken of the employment of violence at the presentation of a mani- festo by persons in despair to let loose upon these poor wretches the violence of the Mohammedan portion of the community, and the revenge taken has been cruel and brutal. Many of the ' men who have been killed are men who were simply frantic from the losses they or their relations have in- curred, and who were reckless bf con- sequences. I verily believe thab there «re dozens of men who have gone about ' abe business in .sheer desperation, absolutely careless whether, they would he killed or not. One such a man was . in tho employ of an English merchant. He, too, was remonstrated with, and ordered not to go on penalty of being dismissed. He went, and after three days' prison, in which he states that he was beaten and tortured, came out looking like the ghost of his former :celf, and one mass of bruises. The following experience relates to a person well known and respected by many American missionaries in the capita', and is related to me by that percoa himself. An office-bearer in -an Armenian Protestant church at Guedik Pacha in Stamboul, where one of the most serious attacks was made, was engaged in superintending the -building of a churoh at Guedik Pacha on that day. About 10.30 in th» morn- ing, seeing many Moslems about, and believing that his life was in danger, he went to the chief police prison in Stamboul to ask for protección. He was arrested, bub a Moslem who knew , him vouched for his character,, and he was released, and obtained Borne police to accompany him. The police, however, did nothing. The mob of Softas, gypsies, and others Lad in- creased, and he therefore returned to the police prison again. There he was re-arrested and detained in prison. While there ho witnessed the arrival of the Armenian. prisoners, who were furiously beaten and prodded with bayonets, the floor being covered with blood. A warder in the prison to .whom he was known protected him from being beaten. He declares that he and others saw four soldiers beat , an Armenian porter to death, and afterwards three other .persons. As the prkoaera were brought*in they were sent into an inner court, brutally -beaten, and kicked down a flight of steps into a dark cellar. He himself was sent into this cellar, and found there a man with his arms and legs broken, Altogether there were a hundred prisoners there. Daring two boura the outlet was closed, and while those within feared death from suffo- cation, they beard the awful cries : from above of men being beaten. My informant was released from the cellar after sunset on Monday. Eighty-eight .persons spent.the night in a room 1.5ft. isquare. Four others of the congrega- tion of .the same Protestant Church <were similarly arrested, but on Wed- nesday morning they and a great number of other prisoners were allowed to go free. Incidents like the following could be given to a sickening extent, but this one must serve as a sample:-On Tuesday the police had arrested in 1 Ghsdik Pacha, Stamboul, an Armenian from the provinces, a strong, powerful man. The prisoner was escorted by 1 two policemen and two soldiers of the regular army. Two Softas followed : the escort. When they reached an ?". isolated place in the quartier, one of the two Softas who were following the prisoner suddenly struck a heavy blow on the bead of the poor Armenian, who, after staggering for a moment, fell covered with blood. The police men and the soldiers began to kick him in order to make him get up. When the man got up he struck in ^ wild desperation with his fist at one of the soldiers, who fell, and be also kicked the other. He was at once overwhelmed by tKe-number-bf his assailants and killediîn the spot like ; * dog. ? ? ' ; . Not far from the hospital we passed two closed waggons with bodies, and : at the door we met one, just emptied, ? -coming away. Inside, near the chapel were eight mutilated bodies that bad just come. I was disguised^to-flw-eid the suspicions of the Gc^î-nment officials, and fust visited the hospital proper. In one of the beds was a \- woman who had been stabbed in tho left lung. She also had a cut under ; the knee, and another ugly cub m the v wrist showed she had tried to defend . herself. Her wound in the breasbis mortal. She said that about midnight ot 1st October they bad heard the mob -coming outside. She, her husband, and -father, together with a family of co tenants, consisting of a man, his wife, son, and daughter, had tried to hide themselves with some bales of cotton. ? The Turks oame upstairs with torches, crying, "Are there any men. here 1" When they discovered the women screening the men, they dragged them UaÜ out. tiheand the other woman were : wounded. The men were killed, but the girl escaped. Towards morning they fers tent by the police to the hospital. The story of the other woman is so horrible that I can give only the ont linea. She was with child at the time, j and after a severe blow on tho head, she received a large cat in the abdo- men, resulting in premature birth. She was still alive when she reached the hospital, but-died soon after. There were deep cuts in her arm and on her band, which she had said she received in defending her husband. Another woman had been sect by the Govern- ment this morning. She wa? literally black and blue all over, and was the most sickening sight I saw all the afternoon. Sha said that, in order to hide, she had climbed with her husband into a tree, but they had been dis- covered, and nearly atoned to death. Her husband was killed, herself taken to prison, and her child lo3t. From the prison she had been sent to the hospital. Their house was situated in a Moslem neighborhood. Leaving the Hospital proper, I accompanied the doctors in their official examinations of 34 of the bodies. So awful is the impression stamped on my memory that 1 fear a description in my own language of what I saw would be too horrible to print, and I will translate the official descriptions cf several bodies that were examined in my presence by an Italian physician : "43rd body, male, stature tall, age 29 years; two stabs in the head, one deep cut disjointing the neck, two deep wounds on the right arm, three ou the left arm, two on the lett hand, contu- sions on all the dorsal region and the shoulders, 24 wounds itt the back, one on the left side, with fracture of rib." 1144th body, male, stature medium, age 55 years ; contusions on all parts of the cranium, five stabs in the back, cerebral hemorrhage. "45fih body, male, stature medium, age 52 years ; two deep wounds in the cranium, deep cut under the left maxillary, multiple contusions on the head, eight wounds of the third degree in the right arm, three in the left arm, 10 stabs in the breast, five in tho back, many braises from a club on the left i shoulder. " 46th body, male, stature tall, age i 22 years; multiple contusions on the . head, four stabs in the back, one very deep, outs on the back and legs. "47th body, male, stature medium, age 45 years ; innumerable wounds with an axe on the head, complete crushing of tho skull, one wound in the right forearm, two stabs in the right side, another on the shoulder, and one in the lower back. " 48th body, ma'e, stature medium, age 35 years; six stabs in the cranium, with complete fracture, two i very deep wounds in.the back, con* < tusions all over the body. " 49rh budy, male, stature medium, aged 35 'years; innumerable wounds < all over the head, the right ear cut off, ¡ with fracture of the occipital bone, i one bullet hole in the lefb shoulder, 1 with fracture of bone, two stabs on i the righb shoulder, one in tho left i arm, a cut in the left wrist, 16 stabs in j the back, three in the left leg. ] "50th body, male, stature medium, ? age 32 years ; fracture of cranium by 1 stabs, contusions on the left arm, 15 i stabs in the bick, three bullet holes in i the neck, multiple contusions over all < the face, a out on the nose and one on i the lips, 10 stab* in the chest and two i in the abdomen." And so the lise goes through with the description of 80 bodies. It is evident, of course, that this examina- , tion wea not scientific or minute, but ( was made only as au excuse to note , and keep a record of the condition of the bodies. There were two Govern- , ment officials, on band, who hampered examination and questioning: Most of the stabs ia the head seemed to have been made with knives or swords after the body was down. I , cannot imagine how such deep, and true wounds could have been made while the person was alivo and stand- 1 ing. I saw only four bodies which 1 seemed to have been struck with axes. ! Of these, one was cut in the neck, . another had his left side cut open, and the two others were hacked a count- ! less number of times in the cranium. Most of the thrusts in the back and chest, the examinera said, and so it ' seemed to me, must have been made 1 with bayonets, and after the body was down. The few bullet holes that were pointed out wera so well placed that ] they must have been fired point blank. I It was impossible to state to what 1 class of society the dead belonged. All were males. Only where the clothes were very poor were the outer garments left on, and many bodies were ; only wrapped in winding sheets. Four or five I noticed wearing white shirts, and one cuff was found with a laundry murk, 69; only two could be con- clusively identified as harnais, or porters. The clothes were all very much soiled from blood and dirt. The a¿e varied from 22 to 55, with the vast majority in the thirties. 