AS IT OFTEN HAPPENS. iiy W. J. ifAHPTON, I ih 19/ and pretty Lois Tanner was three years my junior. Sweet sixteen! Is there in all Dub world anything sweeter f There may be other Sweet S'xteens, but the comparative degree of the adjective in this connection has grown rusty from lovg disuse, and Sweet Sixteen remains positive in kind and superlative in degree. And Lois Tanner was 16. From the first day of our meeting—we were the children cf wealthy parents and were summering by the sea—some intan gible inflnencei some inexplicable force seemed to draw us to each other, and to run the lineB of our lives parallel. For two years we had known each other, and one day—it: was the third summer after our first meeting—we sat on the rocks by the shore, land, and, as the waves beat in rhythmic measures upon the silver sands stretching at our feet, I looked into her Bweet bine eyes and knew that LacheEii as she drew two threads from Clotho's spindle was twisting them into one cord, forever indivisible. In early youth, how far the eyes, un dimmed by years, can see into the future, and how keen is young love to decipher the handwriting on the wall. “ Lois,” I said, as we sat there in the fading twilight, “ do you know how long wo have known each other ?" “ Doe3 it seem long, Mr Belden P” she zeplied, with a coy little Emile. "It has been two entire years, Miss Tanner,” said I, falling into her mock for mality of manner. "And one learns a good deal in two years,” she added. “In one direction I have' learned nothing, Lois,” I said, with a quietness I did not feel. u'“Why, Jack,” she exclaimed, “I don’t see how you could stand still." “ But I have," I insisted. “ How P” and her eyes looked her guile lessness. “in loving you, Lois,” I broke forth. “ I couldn't love you any more in a thousand years than 1 loved you after our first meeting.” “Oh, Jack " she cried, nervously, “ what made you say that P” “ Why shouldn't I say it ?” I'answered, with a dogged resolve not to be put down by any woman’s whim. “Because, Jack,” she said, very ear nestly, “ papa has been saying all along that yon and I were together too much, and the first thing the family knew there would be a case of puppy love to cure.” “Did your father say thatP” I asked, with the anger showing in my face. “ Ho did, Jack, and he says—” “ Well, I don't want to hear what he says, or has said, or will say," I inter rupted. “ If he says anything like that he doesn't know what he is talking about, and hasn’t the moBt remote idea of what a man in love with the one woman in all the world for him feels." “He ought to know something about it,” Lois said, hesitatingly. “Ton know, Jack, he has been married three times.” “ That’s just it,” I growled; 11 he’s grown callons. He thinks because 1 am not a hundred years old I don’t know my own heart, and am irresponsible into the bargain. If it weren't for yon, Lois," I added, ameliorating my wrath to a slight extent, “ I wouldn t have a man like he is for my father-in-law under any circum stances.” “Papa isn’t so awfully bad, Jack,” phe said, in extenuation of the paternal weak ness. “ I never thought he was, either, until you told me what you have,” I admitted. « But, Lois,” and I grew hard again, “ you mnst know that no father who regards the future happiness of his daughter could take up the position he has, and assume to dictate the course of two lives, which in the nature of things must be independent of his.” “Papa says your papa said the same thing, and1 agreed with him thoroughly,’’ she replied, arguing as women do. “Lois,” I said, in my firmest tone, « don’t speak to me of your father again. If yon do I shall he tempted to do him some bodily injury." The dear little woman laid her hand on my arm restrainingly, and smiled with such irresistible sweetness that I even for got the wound my own father had given me. « Let it go, dear,” she pleaded. “ They have forgotten they were ever young.” The shadows were growing into a deeper purple, and the waves took on the mel lower shades of the evening sky. The night wind, just rising, tossed Lois’ golden hair about her smooth white forehead, and the pink of the sunset brought a rosier glow to her cheeks. I brushed my hand across my eyes and looked into her face. “ Do yon remember whet I said a few moments ago P ’ I asked, returning to the previous subject. “What did you Bayf” she replied, trembling a little, I thought, for she surely could not have forgotten so soon. “ I said, darling it was the first time I had ever called her that, and it almost frightened me—“ I said that there was one thing I had not learned in the last two years, and that was to love you better than 1 did when I first met you. Do yon think I should have learned “Perhaps, Jack,” Bhe blushed, “if you ■ had, you would have gone ahead of ms in the class.” “Oh, Lois,” I began to say, and then began to stammer and grow red in the face. I could feel the blood fiy along my neck, and my bands shook, so 1 could not have pnt them out to her if she had asked me to. I had never spoken of love to a woman, and now my inexperience was painful to me. J knew that the brave man could win a triumph now, but I was not brave. On the contrary, I was a coward, an arrant coward, and in my fear I slipped down off the rock, where we had been sit ting, and walked out upon the sand. “Where are yon going, Jack?” she called to me. “ I don’t want to be left here all alone. I'm sure Charlie Verder wouldn’t treat me like that.” That was enough to set me wild. Verder was the one fellow I dreaded, and he hadn’t , known her six months either. I went back to the rock, and stood at the foot of it, jast near enongh to touch the hem of her gown—such a Bweet, white gown, with a bit of blue showing through it as the blue sky peeps in and out from thefleeoy white clouds. “ Do you like him ? ’ I asked sullenly. “Not-any more, I guess, than you like Mattie Swann,” she retorted, with a perk ot her nose and a shake of her fluffy hair. “Then you like him pretty well,” I said, in worse humor than ever, and quite insistent upon nagging her all I could. “'Perhaps I do,” she snapped, “ and if I do, I’m sure he is a very sics fellow.” “Not any nicer fellow than Mattie Swann is a girl,” I put in as mean as I lmew how. “ Well, I don’t care,” she said, as she slipped off the rook and touched the sand as lightly as a thistle down. “ I’m going borne, and when you get me to come away off down hers in this lonesome place again at this time of day or aay other time, I fihiak job’U know it," The* aka started off along the beach towards the row of cottages. It was a mile or more, and I thought I would keep within call, so I let her got some dietance ahead of me. I poked along behind, gazing cut to sea and wondering where all the beauty cf the purplei shadows had gone, and why it was the waves looked so cold and cruel and clammy. They were the same shadows and the same waves, and there "I was, and—but where was Lais? Fifty yards up the shore and hurrying along as if she was afraid _ of twilight ghosts or other strange inhabitants of the crepuscular air. I looked over my shoulder nervously, and all aronnd, and shivered. What it was I don't know, but, on the in stant, I called to her and went after my call as fast as ever I ran after a football. “ Lois, Loin," I kept on calling, but she gave no heed. Her face was set away from me, and Bhe was going with it rapidly. But not so fast that I could not catch her in the next fifty yards or so. “Ob, Mr Belden,” she said, in a tone of pretty surprise, as I came up panting to her side, “ how you frightened me. I had no idea you were on the beach thiB even ing." Think of that, and atill her father hav ing the temerity to talk about puppy love. If that wasn’t full grown mastiff sarcasm, I’d like to know what it was. Butlwrs not to be thwarted by a woman's whim now, any more than I was in the begin ning. “ Oh, Lois, Lois,” I pleaded, though I puffed as I did so. “ Don’t talk like that. We are not children to let a trifle come between ns and our love. You know I love yon, and I know I love you. It was be cause I love you that I grew wild with jea lousy when you spoke of Verder. I don’t care a rap of my finger for Mattie Swann, even if you d6 like Charlie Verder." 11 Mr Belden,” she began, very stiffly— “Call me Jack,” I cried, with all my feelings come again. “ Call me Jack, as you have always called me.” “ Perhaps I'd better,’’ she said, coldly. " You have acted so childishly that ‘ Mr ’ seems scarcely an appropriate title." “ You shan’t talk that way to me, Loia Tanner,” I exclaimed, as I stepped iu front of her and blocked her path. “ I have done wrong, and I apologise humbly for it. Now aa a lady you cannot do otherwise than accept it.” “ I accept the apology, and pray let that end the matter." “ No, it shall not. I insist upon you ac cepting the apology and the apologiser as well. I want you, Lois, and that’s what I started to tell you down there on the rocks. Answer me now with only the sea and the Bkf and the sweet twilight as witnesses.” I was about to take her hand and more tenderly urge my claim to an answer, when she gave a slight scream and sprang to one side, as if she had stepped on a mouse iu the sand. “Look there,” she whispered, pointing to a couple seated ou au old spar half in the sand, and which until then was not visible. I looked and saw Verder and Miss Swann, very close together and talking earnestly, “Let them bo witnesses alio, if they will, darling," I said bravely, and this time I took her hand in mine. But it was too dark for them to see, and then Lois and I walked by them in the duskier shadows of the lattr evening; she had promised to be my wife, and, though the great sun of the heaven had set over the world, and the earth was full of sha dows, the greater sun of love has risen in our hearts, and they were filled with the light inextinguishable. «*#«** * That was a dozen years ago, and to-day Lois is the proud and happy mother of thrse of the prettiest and sweetest chil dren in the world, except four that I am the proud and happy father of. She is Mm Charles Vorder, and Mrs Balden was Mies Swann. 