ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. Betuuon of the Churches. To (he Editor of the Namndera Arffiu. This specious term at first-eiglit seems all that i» suitable for the earnest Christian, and if applied in the abntract, woujd doubtless pave a mnjority of followers in 'the establishment of a new cliorch. Ae in labor troubles, no one seems to be willing to cede any points of the forms of worship. The great Borne insists on return to iu bosom, the rabid CalvinUts prate about the Soatlet Woman, Russia holds tlie Greeks and is. -not likely to. yield an inch, and all this time they are begging the main ques tion.' Why not have ' a world-wide conference. on the- following lines ? : — 1\. The worship of Ood; 2\. Acknowledgement of the perfect teaching of Jesus. - 3 Tbe power of the Holy Ghost. There is a. reason for avoiding eo simple a measure. PrieBthood, whether Anglican, Rome or Greek would fall, never to rise again; :' Taking. the Book, 'which is -tn doctrine good enough for any Christian, as the beginning and end of one's faith, comparisons between primitive and present worship Would be all in favor of the Open air, the' upper-room, the sea shore, the open boat or (he porch of the temple. The Heavenly Temple stands high to- day as it -did year* and ages ago: a pleasnnt, glorious ouilding of many mancions and reason lellfl us that Peter Virtue on the .Melbourne wharves, can be as sincere and 'fervent as tbe Pope of Borne, the Emperor of ltnssia or Hfa'-3raoVof Canterbury, Nowor.der that an agnostic like myself shudders st tbe idea of yielding the care of my ' animus' to a clinrch ' of which' Hallsm say^ 'Upon these spnrious deoretalg was built the great fabric which, has stood when.' its foundations hive ;orumbled,' or to take Papa Nicholas 48 prim* mover pf my religion, and again, I faille agree with4he i»i*on-Pette of t Befurmation, viz., the spite of a libidin ous king. 'Nevertheless Christian GhHs tisns areAound.to attempt amalgamation, unlesr they prefer their clildren' to remain as Prior Vauglian tints it. white heathen*. '..' PHILOMBNO'STATOS. 