The Constitutional question has once more come into prominence, this time in New South Wales. As our readers are aware the Assembly passed the Land Tax and Income Tax Bills by about a two to one majority ; but tbe Council has rejected tbem very sum marily, and most decisively, by the ex traordinary majority of 41 to 4. It is a carious coincidence that practically the samemeasurcs have recently under gone the same ordeal in the Parlia ments of Tasmania, Victoria, and New South Wales. The Land Tax in each instance is based on the unimproved value, and has been endorsed by the electors of the various oolonies, then passed by the Assemblies by large majorities, only to be rejected in the Councils. Although the fate of each measure has been actually the same, the circumstances have varied. In Tasmania the Council is elective on an ultra-Conservative franchise. We have a Capital Value Land Tax without ex emptions, and the measure was only rejected on a trick division by the casting vote of the President. In Victoria the Council is elective with a Liberal franchise ; but there exists practically no Land Tax as it is under stood in Tasmania. Therefore the Unimproved Value Land Tax was re jected by the Victorian Council, not on the principle of the measure, not be cause it wasnot just and equitable — but simply becausc it was a tax on land. The tax upon the unimproved value will reduce the burdens at present borne by the Tasmanian farmer by placing a larger proportion on the shoulders of the specula tive landowner. In Vic toria it will increase the burden borne by the farmers, because at present they are practically exempt from taxation. The Act under which the present Land Tax is imposed, 41 Vic., No. 575, pro vides that only estates over 640 acres in extent and valued at upwards of £2500 shall be taxed at the rate of If per cent, upon their capital value, after deducting therefrom the sum of £2500. For the purpose of ascertaining this capital value the land is divided into four classes, namely, (1) lands capable ot carrying two sheep or more to the acre, £4 ; (2) one ana a half sheep, £3 per acre ; (3) one sheep, £2 per acre ; (4) less than one sheep, £1 per acre. According to Mr Hayter only 7,000,000 acreB are so taxed out of the entire 56,245,760. Of the area first stated half is placed in the lowest scale, more than a third in the 3rd, nliout a ninth in tbe 2nd, and lees than a twentieth in the 1st. It will, therefore, be seen that before a farmer pays a tax at all he must have over a square mile of land, worth more tban £2500. Let any man of ordinary intelligence say how many struggling farmers are touched by this tax. Here comes in the force of tbe remark that the Victorian objec tion is to taxation, not to its method. The same applies to New Smith Wales, where tlie land taxation is so small compared to the Customs revenue as to be an abortion. In New South Wales, as in Victoria, the action of the Council is not taken in opposition to tbe principle of nnimproved value as endorsed by the Assembly — it is really antagonism to direct taxation. Herein will lie the strength of the position of the Government when Mr Ueid ap peals to the country, as be intends to do, on his Unimproved Value Land Tax and Income Tax policy. In Tas mania, when the Land Tax was re jected on the casting vote of the President, a second session was called in the hope that the Conncil would re consider its decision, but the rejection was more pronounoed on the second occasion. In Victoria the Bill has been laid aside for the present, and in New Sonth Wales a second session is to be called pending au^ppeai to the 6pantr/. : In bhe . last-nameE colony thelSbuncil is a&ominee; Chambered the Premier fchfeatene to follow tbeie^Hpletf Zealand and nomi&ate; several new members who are in favor of hU Land Bill. Suob an alternative iB a poor ohe, and in tbe present case .does not appear to be at all possible to effect the desired result. As the meastifc was rejected by 41 votes to 4, in order to obtain a bare majority Mr Reid would have to nominate no less than 88 new members-ran absnrd idea; tt is qnite clear that .some definite Amendment I must be made either in the - Written or j unwritten Constitutions of the Austra i lian colonies to prevent suob crises as those wnicb nave arisen in Tasmania, Viotoria, and New South Wales on the question of land taxation. It is absurd, that after the electors have pronounoed at the ballot-box in favor of a measure the Council should in effect say to the Assembly — Be dissolved, let your mem bers appeal to their constituents, then we will consider tbe issue.' Oommon \- sense and fairness dictate that at least the Council should be dissolved at the same time, and that the I election should be actually general*— I that the electors for the Ooun ! cil should have the opportunity j ; of expressing their opinions similarly j ! to the electors of the Assembly, (this ! is one of the subjects that will cohie before Parliament during the session, and itB importance is such as to demand the earnest and careful consideration of both branohes of the Legislature. The nominee system obtainingin New South Wales is a burlesque on representative institutions, the election^ on an ultra Conservative franchise for six years absolutely of members is not very much better. Reform is needed in this direction, and it is satisfactory to know that within the next few weeks mem bers will at least have an opportunity of expressing a practical opinion on the question of tbe constitution and rela tive positions of the two Chambers. The social held on Saturday evening in connection with the anniversary of the Tasmanian branoh of the Austra lian Institute of Journalists was just one of those little gatherings which act so beneficially in a community. The visitors present were thoroughly repre sentative, and bore testimony to the happy relations existing between the journalists of Launccston and the public men with whom they are so con stantly brought into contact. It must be satisfactory to all concerned to find that, although the Press deems it occa sionally to be its duty to criticise the actions of public men, critics and criticised alike regard such event as essentially one of honest opinion, and that both recognise the fact that each class is striving in its humble way to do what it deems to be right. Such gatherings act as the oil that eases the machinery of public life — the rough angles that might occasionally be created arc smoothed away, little unpleasantnesses and misunderstand ings are removed, and public duties are made easier than they otherwise might have been. The social on Saturday evening waB one of which the journalists may well be proud, demonstrating, as it did, that pnblic men of varied shades of political opinion can heartily reciprocate the good fellowship entertained alike to political friends and opponents by the ! representatives of the Launceston Press. Public Wobes Tenders, — The following tenders for public works have been accepted (the amounts of tenders for road works are approximate, being calculated at schedule priccs) s— Boad, Gould's Country-road up Groom Valley, contract 1, A, Terry, £98 Is Sd ; road, Dynan's Bridge to Paradise, con tract 6, 6. Keating, £38 7e 7d ; roade, Moun tain Biver district, road to Messrs. O. A. and W. Page's selections, contract 14, A. J. Page, £88 15s lOd ; roads, Ashwater and Stowport district, road to A. Bevcll's selections, con tract 75, M. E. Elliott, £45 10s 4d ; roads, Monto's Marsh district, road to J. and E. Cooper's, contract 21, W. G. H. Millar, £9 lSe Cd ; roads, parieh of Gibsin, road to Barsee' selection, contract 22, C, B. Grey, £S8 8e 2d ; roads, parish of Gibeon, road to Cunningham to Cure's selection, E. Cunning ham. £14 17s 9d. The tenders of Plumley and Nugent, for contracts 1, 2, and S, road, Mount Claud-road, gazetted April 2, 1895, arc transferred to Charlce Plumley. 'Skipped by the Light op the Moon,' — Beadere are reminded of the farewell performance by Mr John Gonrlaj and hie company in tbe Academy of Music on Wednesday evening. As stated on Saturday Mr Gourlay has bad a wonder fully successful season in Hobart, and as he leaves very shortly for America, this will be the last opportunity of seeing this talented and versatile comedian in two of his most interesting portrayals. Mr Gourlay's agent CMr James Hendy) arrives from Hobart bv express to-day, and the box office will be ; opened at Messrs. A. W. Birchall and Sons' ' to-morrow. St. Joseph's Band.— The attraction of a band concert in the City Park yesterday afternoon was sufficient inducement for a number of persons to promenade in the sun light. The somewhat strong southerly wind was cold, but bracing, and tbe visitors thoroughly enjoyed the music of St. Joseph's Band, which discoursed sweet and expressive strains under the conductorship of Bandmaster A. Lithgow. In the evening a 6rcond concert was given in the Albert Hall. The attendance was again satisfac tory, and the band played un excellent pro gramme. Tlie procecdB of the concerts arc to he devoted to the purchase of instru ments for the band in view of tbe coming contest. SrOQK Lakd. — Some time ago, Mrs Mellon, oi cyaney, gave wnat were then con sidered some extraordinary manifestations of spiritualism, among those who were men tioned being a judge of the Supreme Court ; of Sydney, and Mrs Annie Bcasant, the latter, however much mistaken in her views, being recognised as a thoroughly honest disciplc. The lirst to expose the quackery was Mr Ernest Hosking, who, after witnessing the performance of Mrs Mellon, undertook to go through the whole busi ness without any aid whatever from the 6])irit world. The following is a description of one portion of the varied entertainment which promised to the public attending the Mechanics' Institute this evening. Mr Hotking was tied up and sealed in a si out bag, and the lights turned down. He got loose somehow or other and 'CiBSic,' 'Geordic,' rind ' Josephine 'appeared indue form.eacb manifestation being greeted with enthusiastic cheers by ft large audicuce, delighted that one o£ the grisatest cra7.fs of modern times had been knocked in tbe ln\\-td. After wards the committee certified tliat. the scale were unbroken, and ' the medium,' who was in a smiling condition, was seen securely enveloped in the aforesaid bag. No holes could be discovered in the bag, and had Mr Hosking been Mrs Mellin no doubt the committee would have become sincerc be lievers io S|/OokB.' Not only in regard to ghosts, but as a ventriloquist and an all T'imd entertainer. Mr Hosking has earned a higti reputation, and were there any short coming it would be amply supplied by his talented assistant, Miss Aida FLU.- Boy, who is a clever trickster, if we may use such a term in reference to a lady, and whoinothcr directions helps to make up a pleasant evening's enjoyment. TBAVELLEtia. ? — The Attorney - General (Hon. A. I, Clark), with Mrs and Miss Clark, returned from the mainland by the ss. Pateena yesterday, and proceeded on to Hobart yesterday afternoon, A special train was run from Launccston to Hobart for the onvcnieucc of passengers by the sjs. Pateena who wished to rcach Hobart yes tcday. Mb MiohabA SfrSftTT's Visit.— Prepara- tions are being snftdc . Qrfo q gh on t th o dis tricts of jbe northern p&tttft; lite 'WWOhy to rive a stirring tvrtcome to Hr rjfticib&cl; Davitton his arrival^ Jbftpr1 cest on . Y eSfer- day a deputation journeyed toAv&Stbury; and Deloraine, where they held meeting*, K^d at each place were given a promise that large xi timbers of country residents would take the opportunity of showing ibeir sympathy In Mr Davitt's , labors by Attending bis wel come aud being present at his lecture. At Delorsine a meeting was held in the school room, itr Mi J. Griffin occupying tbe chair, while the flev. M. 3, Beeehinor addressed those assembled. At Westbdfy Arehdeacon Hogan at mass referred to Mr Davitt's visit, and at the meetiog to receive the deputa tion Mr Bufke, M.&.A., presided. So far every preparation htfe heefi made for a1 fitting welcome, and, as Mr DaVitfc will have a spare evening after his arrival in Launocs ton on Thursday, it bae been arranged to have a conWrtasioM in order to give the citizens and others an opportunity prior to the lecture of meeting Mr Davitt per sonally. ? Mr He&BBBT-JoHes; —A deputation from the Launccston City and StfboT^s Improve ment Association waited upon Mr fierbert-. Jones, F.B.G.S., at the Brisbane Hotel on Saturday, and urged him to give another of his brilliantly illuminated travel lectures before he leaves the colony, promising to do their utmoBt to secure a large audience at the Albert Hall in the event of his agreeing to their rcqueet, Mr Jonee has consented to . frame hie arrangements to meet the wishes of the association, and Friday, July 6, Iibb \- been fixed upon for the lecture. His Wor ehlp the Mayor wiH preside, and a com- 1 mittee to promote the success of the effort j will meet to'night at Mr Bitcbic's officc. ? CIty POLICE CODBT.— MesBTs. E. Whit- ; feld, P.M., and S, J. Sutton, J.P., occupied ihc hcfich St this fcourt on Saturday laet. , A resident ot lnverjnay was nned os, tor having permitted a ctfw to' stray on a public thoroughfare. The head maslet of the Hadspen State School proceeded againflt the parent of some of tbe scholars for having failed to pay the lees due. An order was made to pay the amount by instalmente. George Bteel, on remand from the 16th inst., charged with being a person of un sound mind, was further detained for a week for medical examination. Valuable Presentation to the Boya£ Society's Libbaby.— On Thursday Mr Michael C. Scott (sou of the late Hon. J. B. Scott), through Mr James Barnard, presented to the Boyal Society's library two very valuable and rare volumes, en titled ' Nova) Hollandim Plantarum Speci men, Auctove Jacobo Joliano Labillardicrc, Instltuti Nationalis Socio, vols. 1 and 2, 1804-0,' The work contains some beautiful plates of botanical specimens, many of them being collected by the celebrated botanist J. J. Labillardiere during his vieit to Tas mania. The following interesting account (says tbe Mercury') of the above scientist mav interest readers : — Jean Jnlien Houton de Labillardiere, born in Alengon (Ornc), 28tb October, 1755 ; graduated in medicine in the University of Montpellier, but subsequently devoted his studies almost; exclusively to botany. For this pur pose he travelled first the European Alps, and travelled then through eome portion of Britain. In 1786 and 1788 he was sent by Louis XVI. on a botanic ex ploration of Syria, which brought him aim to the Lebanon. When, in 1792, the first search expedition was sent out under Admiral d'Entrecasteaux to ascertain the fate of Count La Porous? and his crew, M. de Labillardicrc became botanist of the expedition, and had thus the splendid oppor tunity of rendering known much of the vegetation of South-west Auetralia (King George's Sound having only iu the yt-ar b- fore been discovered by Captain Van couver^ and also of the southern nart of Tasmania, he being the first to explore pbyto logically the region where now the town of Hobart stands, although Bruny Island was vipif«'l during Cook's second and third ex peditions in 1773 and 1777 already. At the war time Libillardiere'e collections were confiscated in Java, but on his return to France were restored to him through the influence of Sir JoBeph Banks, an act of generosity on which particular stress was laid in the necrology of Banke in the French Academy. The tcbuKb of Lahillardicrc's researches during D'Entrecasteaux's expe dition are largely contained in the two folio volumes, ' Nov© Hollandi® Plantarum Specimen, ' 1804-C; in the ' Belation du Voyage a la Bechcrche de la Perouse,' 1799, of which soon eubsequently an English translation appeared. Obituaby.— At Woodbridge, on tbe 18th inet.. there passed away (saye the Mercury), at the ripe old age of 80 years, an old Channel resident in the pereon of Mrs Alex ander Kerr. The deceased lady, who was widely known and respected, wae a native of Scotland, and with her husband and most of her family came out to Victoria in 1855, arriving in TaBmania before the close of the same year, settling in tbe Channel district a short time later, and has resided, there till the time of her death. She had not been ailing at all .beyond the usual discomforts attending on her yeare, and on the day of her death was bueily engaged about her usual household duties. In the evening the Bev. Mr Frederick, who was a firm friend, had called upon her, and ebe had ineisted upon his remai&iog; aU night, which he agreed to do. She attended to bis bedroom hcreelf, and was afterwards sitting in her own chair convening with her visitor and looking at eome photos, which he had taken, when all at once her head fell on one eidc and she jiaescd away without the slightest struggle— a peaceful ending to an honored life. Her funeral took place on Sunday, 16th inet., about 200 persons being present, She leaves a husband and a numerous family to regret her. About six years ago Mr and Mrs Kerr celebrated their golden wedding. Hobaet Exhibition, — That melancholy Jiaxro the Victorian commission to the Tas manian Exhibition will shortly (says the Age ) be in a position to dissolve,* after frittering away nearly £4000 of public money. Of all the foolish actB of the Patterson Ministry perhaps none was so ' utterly senseless as the Tesmanian com mission. Manufacturers and others actually i had to be canvassed to contribute exhibits, j which the commission undertook to convey j to Hobart at public expense ; a secretary I and staff have had to be maintained at the Tasmanian capital during the currency of the show, and large sume of money have been spent in bolstering up an exhibition | which docs no good to anybody outside the j officials, and which would otherwise have been a total failure. No benefit could possibly have been derived from official re presentation of Victoria in the southern colony, and if there was any commercial advantage likely to accrue, our manufac turers have sufficient enterpriee to exhibit on their own account without asking the Government to pay for the carriage of tbe goods they wished to advertise. For a Go vernment to epend money in this way with i the knowledge of a deficit of something like £500,000 in tbe public accounts — at a time when retrenchment of the most drastic character was under consideration — was nothing short of a scandal, and it is difficult, to understand how some members could have consented to identify themselves with such a piece of extravagance. However, we have practically heard the last of the affair, the exhibits are ready for return to their owners, and will be brought back during tbe next few weeks, and exhibition commissions, except in connection with some great national enterprise, are not likely to be re peated. au&bicak; Tariff. — 'Sincc the new tariff came into operation there have,' savs a New York correspondent under date 27th April, ' been large importations of foreign wools and foreign cloths, the wools commg principally frnrn Australia, Argentina, and Cape Colony, and the cloths fmm England. France, and Germany. A million and ahnlf pounds of Australian were sold last week in the market of one city (Boston), and the sales in other manufacturing centrcs are in proportion. The domestic production is greatly diminished, and only heavy importa tions of foreign wool will prevent an ad vance. Foreign rect ipts show an enormous increase, and domestic receipts a steady decline. The receipts to date show a decrease of 8t-4l bales of domestic, and an increase of 58,549 of foreign. Farmers and oLber sheep ! raisers arc discouraged, and arc selling their I sheep for slaughter. Adviccs from Texas ! show that whole Docks have been disposed of in this way, and in various parts of the northern States sheep that are too thin for batchers' use are turned into food for hogs.' The correspondent ades : — u It's an ill wind that blows nobody any good ; free wool in the United StateB is an excellent thing for other connnies, but a severe blow to this.' This is an ?' axiomatic truth' in regard to free trade in all countries. 1 Mr John Sturgcs, undertaker, who has for SO years been established at Campbell Town, advertises special terms in to-dfly*e issue. ' OHUEOH Tabade. — Our Devonport corre- ; spondtnt, wired tat night:— A church J parade of .the local volunteers was held to rfsy, but was poor]vatteu*Asd, .only 2H fflcu i assembling. ' Captain M'Oaj^* i in ttftrttnd, with Sergt.-Ma;°r assisting, the? men . were march,!*' 40 Paul's Churoh, East Devonport, wW r®rie Bev, £? H. Hughes conducted divine seiT^06' and.gavett special addreed. AN Underground City. — The Hussions have ' made a singular disoovery in Central Asia* In Turkestan, on tbe right hank of the Amou Daria, is p chain of rocky hills near the Sokharan town of Karki, and a number of large Cfltes which, upon examina tion, were found to le£d to an underground city, built apparently long betore the Christian era. According to effigies, inscrip tions, and designs upon the gold and silver money unearthed from among the ruins, the existence of the town dates back to some two £enfartes before tbe birth xit Christ. The underground Befcbaran city is shout two versts long, and is composed of an enormous labyrinth of corridors, streets, and squares, surrounded by houBcs and other buildings two or three storeys high. The edifices contain all kinds icff domestic utensils, pots, urns, vases, and so ! forth/ In some of the streets falls of earth ; and rocfc have obstructed the passages, but, : generally, the visitor can walk about freely 1 without eo much as lowering his head. The high degree of civilisation attained by the inhabitants of the city is shown by the fact that they built iu several storeys, by the symmetry of the streets and squares, and by the beauty of the baked clay and metal utensils, and of tbe ornaments and coins which have been found. It is supposed that long centuries ago this city, so carefully concealed in the, bowels of the earth, pro vided an entire population with a refuge from the incursions of nomadic savages and robbers, MANY stubborn and aggravating cases of rheumatism that were believed to be incur able and accepted ae life legacies, have yielded to Chamberlain's Pain Balm, much to the surprise and gratification of the BuffercrB. One application will relieve tbe pain and Buffering, and its continued nee in sures an effectual cure. For sale by aU dealers. — Hatton and Laws, General Agents. . The Steamship Quadrille Social Assembly give a dance at the Cornwall Assembly Hall this evening, commencing at 8 o'clock sharp, Ladles and gentlemen attending the assem blies at the Cornwall Hall are invited to attend. A special meeting of the Northern Tas- : manian Breeders', Fancicrs', and Dairy Produce Association will be held to-morrow evening, ai 9 o'clock, at Messrs. Parsonage and Kilby's, Elithbcth-street. A concert will be at the Milton Hall, i Frederick-street, to-morrOvT evening, com 1 mencing at 8 o'clock, the progra^nic being | described as ' An Hour with the Pbnsty I Minstrels,' I 