NOTES CURRENT. . ? A ? The ' Member for Australia,' Mr. Hennikor Hea ton, M.P., as in duty bound, Iia3 been making himself heard on the vexed matter of the vacant Governorship. He or his ' ghost' has written to the Times pointing out that in all Australia at pre sent there is only one live Governor, and urging that ' common cense suggests that there should be one Governor for the entire Australian continent.' And who should he be ? With the well-known innate modesty of the man he leaves his name to suggest itself, but why invoke common sense in the matter ? Common sense might suggest something else and ask, since Lord ltipon's experiment of running Aus ' tralia without Governors seems to be such a simple business, why even that one? In any case Mr. Heaton, we are afraid, is somewhat premature both as to the billet and the man for it. We shall have to wait for federation for an Australian Governor General, and then he will have to wait — well, a little longer still. And talking of federation, even that seems likely to be a long wait. When the reputed father of it, in a perfervid peroration the other night recalling something of his old fire, declared his willingness to die for his offspring, ' waving its standard with his last breath,' hon. members on both sides of the House cheered him to the echo. What did that signify ? That thoy shared his fervour or that they hoped the old deluder would for once be as good as his word? But according to Mr, Lyne (and a good many other people), Sir Henry Parlces was never known to be that, and all that fine talk of dying for federation meant simply a last poor political shift for living upon it. Even so, it is a pity perhaps that it should be such a poor one. He may be the same old Parkes still, no more to be trusted than a labour member nor believed than the Tich borne Claimant, but notwithstanding Mr. Lyne and all the other irreconcileables, to give the devil his due, there can be little doubt that the national policy set forth by Sir Henry Parkes in opposition to the Reid 'Budget of destruction' would be as absolutely the best policy for the country just now as unfortunately it appears to be impracticable. He has made it so himself by making himself as a leader impossible and, so far as federation is con cerned, failing to take the ball when practically at his foot — another fatal instance how in politics as in love ' he who will not when he may shall not when he would.' The latest variety locally of the ' New Woman ' is the Orangewoman. She was duly inaugurated at a solemn function of the order held in a Metho dist chapel on Sunday last, to ' celebrate the estab lishment of the first ladies' Orange Lodge in this colony,' and after being lovingly likened by the ' Grand Chaplain to Miriam, Deborah, Jael, Judith, and other scriptural heroines, was sent forth con quering and to conquer on her holy warpath against *? the fatal errors and encroachments of the Church of Rome.' It was necessary, we understand, to do something to recruit the Orange ranks, sadly thinned of late through a variety of causes, and hence this enrolment of a picked corps, so to say, of Orange Amazons, whom we are sure it will be the great regret of the late gallant Grand Master, Mr. J. C. Neild, that he did not survive to lead Now there has only to be established a lodge Of lady Buffaloes or of feminine Freemasons and the joy of the ' New Woman,' pending the paid female M.P., will be complete. Tt was of course in no relation to the above inter esting event that the Herald wrote of that some time eminent Orangeman Francis Abigail's release that^it could not have occurred at a more opportune moment. Opportune enough no doubt for him and his friends at any moment, and we quite agree also that the Government's decision was not arrived at a day too soon. We should have been inclined to let him out much sooner, for a fall such as his — like Lucifer's — as we said at the time, was almost punishment enough for his offence in itself. But we fail to see the necoasity, or propriety, or even . common decency of making or trying to make a sort of hero or celebrity even of a once prominent poli tician simply because he has just come out of gaol. This was what nearly happened to Mr. Abigail, as he may now again be called, at the hands of a D. T. interviewer, but he had the good sense to decline the honour of the extra notoriety which perhaps only the ' notorious newspaper' would ever have thought of offering him. We confess, too, we fail to see why if the one partner in the ' Uncle Abigail's Bank' frauds wa3 to be released, the other, M'Namara, should have been left behind. They may not have been lovely in their joint career, but at least in this latter phase of it, the one being no better than the other, they should not have been divided. The new Land Act came into force on Saturday, and a long code of regulations has been published requiring the careful study of those proposing to take advantage of the new law's liberal provisions. It is also liberal in another reapect — the liberal scale of fees required at every turn, ranging from a modest 5* for an application for suspension of pay ment up to £10 part payment of survey fee, togethor with Id per acre, with every application for a homestead lease. Of course fees are a neces sary nuisance, and it is fair to say that the new scale compares very favourably with the old in being made in most cases as little of one as possible. There is said to be likely a considerable run on the new form of homestead selection, of which the con ditions are perpetual residence and perpetual rent, as well as an active demand for associated or village settlement, and Mr. Carruthers is sanguine that his one-Minister measure is going to be a splendid success. So it might be if it were not doing with one hand what is threatened to be all undone with the other. To what end is all this so-called settlement, putting people upon the land, if they are to be starved off it afterwards, exterminated by false fiscal legislation as the sugar-growers of the northern district are confessedly to be, and as the present farmers and settlers of the country are threatened to be every where ? It was not to be expected that Dean Stretch, of Ballarat, would be more favourably disposed towards the idea of the reunion of Christendom than his own Bishop, though he certainly appears to be some what a stronger as well as more courteous contro versialist. He too declares it to be impossible, unthinkable, and doubtless to him it is so, though whether that id more a reflection upon the idea than on the rev. gentleman's own thinking powers may be another question. Natural, too, that he should rather repent Prior Vaughan's happy illus tration of the relative positions of the two Churches, the Catholic and the Anglican, as the ocean and the drop — ' the ocean does not unite itself with the drop, though the drop may be absorbed by the ocean'' — and wonder then, as he puts it, at the ' strange waste of energy' in the ocean caring for the conversion of the drop. But is not that just another difference— that the Catholic Church does care, cares for anything and all things, the humblest as the highest, the greatest as the most insignificant, and so has absorbed and is absorbing so much ? Some news of the missing School History. Originally compiled by a barrister of the name of Lusk (the defender, by the way, of Lousia Collins), who shortly afterwards came to condign moral and other grief, it might have been supposed that his book, never published, like Oscar Wilde's ' Dorian Grey,' had been condemned with him. But, no, it was only being ' revised,' and has been in different stages of revision by different hands ever since, till one wonders what sort of historical ' state of pi ' the ' first proof' must have been in to need so much correction. The last we heard of it was that it was being revised for the purpose — the original compiler having been consistently care less about figures — of inserting the latest, upto date, according-to-Coghlan statistics ; now we hear that it is on the stocks for the purpose of taking them out again and putting them in an appendix, and that the history, expected in spite of the proverbial ' too many cooks, &c;,' to be a very good one, is certainly coming at last — with Christmas. Yet another ' bitter cry' from the weary and outworn, worse than the ' song of the stitch,'. Hansakd staff. Not for the world would their judicious chief, Mr. Charles Robinson, say one word of vengeful criticism of hon. members' interminable eloquence ; he only ventures to point out as respectfully as may be its inevitable effect on the wretched Hansaud reporters, which is simply, to put it shortly, killing. Lead-poisoning is wholesome to it ; sewer- cleaning a health giving recreation. Nor does he say a word as to the moral effect on those miserable men, even worse than the physical, depraving their minds as well as their bodies, muddling their brains as well as tending to negleot of all home or marital duties and probably much midnight profanity. So he declares, and with him the Speaker, that there must be either less work or more workers, less elo quence or a larger staff, or — but this is nonsense, if not flat breach of privilege — considerably curtailed reporting. According to the Speaker a staff com petent to cope on anything like equal terms with the average flood of the present Parliament's loquacity would cost some £2500 a year extra, and hon. members were asked to consider whether they really thought it (the flood) worth the money. Apparently they didn't take long, for this affect ing minute had scarcely been laid upon the table when the House coolly and deliberately set itself to what looked much like another all-night sitting. The Premier, in a short speech deprecating any fighting at that stage, introduced his Customs reso lution, whereupon Sir George Dibbs, declaring that the Reid tariff should be fought at every stage, moved as an amendment, giving a liberal margin for something to turn up, that it be postponed till this time five years. Then, as the mixed-metaphor member always about might say, all the fat was in the fire again and the dogs of war let loose. There is no disguise about it ; the Reid tariff is to be dis puted item by item, inch by inch, and doubtless a few over, less apparently with the hope of imme diately, or even ultimately, defeating it, than with the idea, as the Opposition leader put it, of 'letting the people from one end of the country to the other understand the tremendous injury about to be inflicted upon them.' But if the people don't understand that well enough already, they will hardly be taught it in this way, and in any case to the people the question sooner or later must go, since it is plainly past all hope in the present Par liament beyond fighting over it. A rumour in the lobbies about Mr. Eddy if not true might very well be. It is said that, disgusted with his treatment by Mr. Reid in his failure to keep faith with him in the matter of that extra £1000 a year, he has accepted an engagement from the Victorian Government at £6000 a year to set their railways to rights for them. It would pos sibly bo a good engagement for Victoria at double the money, and this colony's almost equivalent loss, due solely to the Premier's apparent lack of know ledge of the principle that it is usual for a gentle man to keep his word. The truth is he has never had the pluck to submit that offer of his for the approval of Parliament, through sheer fear of being defeated, and now less than ever since he knows that to be a certainty. Yet if Mr. Eddy holds him to it he must submit it, so that if only for that it is to be hoped the Victorian rumour is only one. The nauseous Captain Close scandal, which should never have been made public, has at last come to a close, with that ' officer and gentle man' being allowed to retire from the service on his rank. Which of the two is to be congratulated —the officer, &c;, or the service ? 