CUitRENT NEWS. A quantity of lucern is being imported into the Armidale district from Tamworth and the Hunter districts. The first consignment from the Narrabri Refrigerating Company's works, consisting of 116 quarters of beef, left by train for Syd ney on Friday. The cattle average 8701b. Mr. Andrew Mack, who for some 18 years was employed by the City Council, died at his residence, Tighe's Hill, on Saturday. The deceased was time-keeper at the Junction for m -ny years, and was recently retrenched. The funeral took place yesterday. A telegram received in the city on Satur day stated that a miner employed in the Wallarah Colliery at Catherine Hill Bay had been killed that morning, his spine being broken by a fall of coal The Gosford coroner will hold an inquest on the body to day. A sad case of destitution is reported from Albury. A man named Peter Winholdt lies in the hospital there in a critical state. He had been prospecting, and was found in the bush completely paralysed. His condition is due to exposure and insufficient food. The agent- General of New South Wales reports that the shipment of chilled beef from Wellington by the s.s. Gothic, preserved by Dr. Shell's process, was a great success. The meat sold in London at 51d per lb, as against 34d for that frozen. Valuable prizes are offered for the band contest, to take place at Wollongong next January. For the principal item the first will be £60, second £30, third £10, and fourth £5. The test piecewill be provided, and the contesting bands will also be required to play a selection of their own choice. Arthur Palmer Little, the young man arraigned at the Central Criminal Court on an indictment charging him with having forged and uttered a cheque for £200 on the Newcastle branch of the A J.S. Bank was found guilty, with a strong recommendation to mercy on account of his previous good conduct. He was remanded for sentence. The wages paid at the Eskbank Ironworks at Lithgow for the four weeks ended June 1 amounted to £1350 14s 10d. For the same period (writes the local paper) whereas the wages of the miners working at Eskbank pit averaged only £2 19s 34d per man per fort night, the men workingin the ironworks adit made £5 15s 4d each, or nearly double. The usual fortnightly meeting of the Carrington Municipal Council, convened for Friday evening, lapsed for want of a quorum. The members who were in attend ance at the council chambers were Aldermen Owen (Mayor), Doran, Smith, and Garrett. Apologies for non-attendance were sent by Aldermen Graham, Butts, and Marsden. As there is a quantity of business of an impor tant nature to dispose of the Mayor will con vene a special meeting for Tuesday evening. The Singleton paper writes :-" The ghost has not been seen or heard from for some time now. But it is not alone in this town that people are anxious that he should not make himself so scarce, and are desirous of making his acquaintance. A gentleman at Mail'ay is most anxious to gather all the possible " facts " which may be forthcoming in connection with the ghost. The gentle man is one of the Australian correspondents of the Psychie Research Society of England, and he gathers up and sends to London all information he can get about Australian ghosts." At the invitation of Mr. C. H. Hannell, a party of gentlemen went out for a fishing ex oursion to Bungaree Norah on Saturday. The fine steamer Gosford was engaged, and a start was made from Newcastle at 10 a.m., returning about 8 p.m. The weather was de lightful, and the visitors spoke in the highest terms of their excursion, the pleasure being enhanced by the fact that all had a nice supply of, schnapper and other fish. The powerful tug Stormking also took a run southward, and the tug Enterprise also returned with a fair lot of fish also on Saturday. A magisterial inquiry was held last week at Wilson's Downfall, near Tenterfield, as to the cause of the death of an unknown man. The deceased was a swagman, about 60 years of age, black hair mixed with grey, and grey beard. He had a two-masted steamer tattoed on his chest The body was found on the Great Northern road, near Mrs. Lamont's, where he had been begging, and where he was last seen alive. He is supposed to have come from Queensland. The deceased was an entire stranger, and nothing is known of either him or his friends. Death was due to natural causes, and a finding was entered accordingly. During the badge football match at Gret' on Saturday, Andy Hodgins, of East Mait land, mot with a serious accident in colliding with R. Richardson. His head was injured, and he was carried off the ground and down to Mr. Ferguson's hotel in an unconscious state. Dr. Walker was called in, and he found that Hodgins had sustained concussion of the brain, and also an injury to the spinal cord. The young man did not regain con sciousness until about 8 o'clock on Saturday evening. He had recovered, however, suffix eiently yesterday morning to be conveyed home in a cab. Great sympathy is felt for him, and it is hoped (writes our Greta cor respondent) that he will shortly be on his feet again in the beat of health. The Nudges Post reports an extraordinary accident which happened to Mr. Geo. Law ford, who made a fire at the butt of a tree and camped beside it. While asleep the tree fell across him and pinned him to the ground, and there he lay, with the ire gradually burning towards him. His screams for aid were hoeard by some people, but were thought to emanate from some man in the horrors, and were unheeded. The unfortunate man kept scratching dust and throwing it on to the fire to try and stay its progress till aid arrived. No assistance came, however, and the log burnt right up to him and was gradu ally cooking him, a patch the size of a dinner plate being literally roasted on jhis side, just above the hip, and extending in depth almost to the intestines. At last, in one fearful writhe of agony, he freed himself from beneath the tree, the weight which he lifted in so doing being so great that it would seem to be almost incredible for the strength of any one human being to effeot. It is simply miraoulous how he survived the ]?ur,'a . ' . Bro. W. Jackson has been installed W.IL. of the Tamworth Masonic Lodge. The amount payable on scalps, at Scone, for the month of June is £108 18s. Both Anvil Creek and the Greta collieries. will have 11 days to draw for the next pay. It was said that the wages-sheet at the. Aberdeen Freezing Works ran into four figures last week. The Stormking arrived in Newcastle last night with 290 live echnapper, and is adver tised to go north again to-night Patrick Guare was killed at Tarrawingee. on Friday through falling from the top of a quarry i. rope parting canused the accident. The Mudgeo branch of the Bank of New South Wales pur.hased 550oz of gold from the local mines during the five weeks just ended. The Caledonian mine at Talwal, near Nowra, has paid a dividend of £170 per share for the mouth of May Further large yields are expected. Coneideranle uneasiness prevails in the Richmond River district owing to the infliu of Hindoos to cultivate sugarcane It is re ported that the strangers have already par chased a small sugar mill. The advance report of the Royal Commis sion appointed to inquire into the existing condition and future prospects of the fishing: industry in New South Wales has been for-. warded to the Lieutenant. Governor. The Minister for Justice has called for re ports from the governors and the surgeons. attending the gaols of the colony relative to the working of Mr. O'Connor's special sys tom for the treatment of juvenile offenders. Word from Narrabri reports that the con tract for railway sleepers is now completed. There are 160,000 lying at the railway station. Four hundred men were engaged in the work, and the time occupied was 10' months. Four seamen were fined for being drunk, a labourer was punished for being drunk and disorderly and using obscene language, and a miner, who was deemed insane, was re manded to Maitland Gaol for a week at the Newcastle Police Court on Saturday. - It does not follow that because the Mini. ster for Mines has refused to grant Mr. T. S. Huntley'e application for a lease of portion of the reservation at Robertson's Point the Oremorne coal enterprise is to be abandoned. The company has private sites under offer. The following among other tenders in con nection with public schools have been ac cepted by the Government :-Catherine Hill Bay, fencing, John Ta.-ffe, £26 19s; Ray mond Terrace, additions to residence, John A. Burg, £93 9s; Singleton, improvements and repairs, J. Richardson, £99; Tomago, improvements and repairs, Tyler Brothers, £45 10s. Fruit is a luxury in Walcha (writes the local paper). Bananas are very rarelyless than is per dozen. 'tpples Is to 2s per dozen grown in America ! Will they not grow here? Oh, yes, this climate is just suitable for apples. Why are they not grown ? Oh, we go in for sheep. Is wool- growing more profitable ? Well, it used to pay better than anything else. H.M.S. Orlando with Admiral Bridge and the Bishop of Melanesia on board arrived at Norfolk Island a week ago. While in port a cricket match was got up between the islanders and the officers, the Bishop stripping off his apron and gaiters, and joining in the sport on the ride of the former. The play was witnoessel by a large attendance, the proceedings being enlivened by the playing of the flagship's band. The slaughtering and freezing of cattle is proceeding satisfactorily at the Aberdeen works. The following are the tallies: Monday, 50 tead; Tuesday, 50; Wednesday, 70; Thursday, 120. Mr. J. C. White's bullocks which were slaughtered were a prime lot. The'hraviest was a polled Angus, and it scaled 12001b. The same gentleman will have another 220 bullocks ready for Aberdeen by about the end of the month. Not to be outdone by Victoria, South Aus tralia is beginning to boom its only coal mine. A telegram from Adelaitde states that thede mand for Leigh's Creek coal is greatly in creasing, and the company is arranging with the Government to bring to Adelaide 120 tons per week. It is claimed that the coal throws out remarkable heat It also burns into white ash, and is considered much pre ferable in this respect to the Newcastle article. An effort is also being made to induce the Government to order Leigh's Creek coal for use on the railways no th of Quorn, and the company is prepared to supply fuel at about 7s per ton. In some northern townships a memorial is being arranged for presentation to Parliament on the subject. The difpute between the wheelers and the management at the Metropolitan Colliery, at Helensburgh, remains unsettled, the former having refused to accept the reduced rate. The shift men were asked to wheel coal, and, refusing to do so, were dismissed, and notified to quit the company's houses. A few wheelers, however. whose rates were not interfered with, continue working, and, with the assistance of the deputies and others, it is thought the company will produce sufi cient coal to enable them to fulfil the railway contract. It is also reported (writes a corres pondent) that the company, in anticipation of some trouble over the present reductions, arranged with the Railway Commissioners to fill up and storq all the available Government waggons, amounting in all to many thousands of tons of coal. The removal of an elderly coloured man to the Sydney Hospital on Saturday led to an unexpected discovery by the police. The in dividual in question, by name Ephraim Jes sup, lives by himself in a miserable and poverty-stricken humpy at Pyrmont, and has long been the object of practical commisera tion at the hande of the residents of the lo calicy, the majority of whom looked upon the old man as being utterly penniless, and un able to provide himself with the neoessaries of life. The interior of Jessup s abode was heaped up with od rags, bags, bones, and a motley collction of other articles. On Satur day morning Jeosup. was seated outside his domicile, when he snddenly became un conscious. In himself he was an in describable mass of rage and filth, and when taken ill was removed to Sydney Hospital. There the ola man regained consciousness, and although apparently feeble, stoutly resisted all the efforts of the medical stEff to examine him. In consequence he was removed to the local police station, where he was searched Jessup were no shirt. A tattered coat buttoned up to the throat concealed his nakedness. On the police unbuttoning it, the first thing die; covered was a savings bank book showing £73 12s lid standing to Jessup's credit. The book was wrapped up in about a yard of paper and rage, and was fastened round the man's neck by a piece of string. A further examination discovered a number of curiously shaped little packages, which were found to contain sovereigns, half-sovereigns, half- orowns, florins, shillings, and three penny pieces. The miser's trousers, tattered and torn, concealed a considerable portion of the money, while instead of the qrthodhz socks Jessup had lined his tattered boots with the precious packages. Altogether close on £12 was so discovered, about £8 einginsmall silver and coppers. Some of the coins were so thickly, encrusted withi dirt as to be uin riecognisable. Jeseap for the present is an inmate of the padded cell. He appears to have recovered from his illness, but is not quite rational in his mind An investigation of Jeesup's habitation discovered an addl tional 61 13s, in threepenny pieces and sig peneno. Ohoral service will be given by the choir of St. James' Church, Wickham, to-morrow evening, at 7.30. On Thursday evening a bread and butter dance in aid of All Saints' Ohurh, Belmont, willbe held in the Lyco?mHall. Messere. Greer and Berkeley will sellby auction to-dayat 3 o'olock, first-olass phaeton, mare, saddle, and harness; 'also fast trotter. 