CURRENT TOPIOS. TRAVELLERS.--The Premier (Sir Edward Braddon), Treasurer (hon. P. O. Fyeh), and a number of members of Parliamer. were among the travellers to Hobart by the express train yesterday. MAKING WcaR.-The idea of pulling down the old Tamar-street bridge for the mere purpose of providing employment might be dermed too absurd for serious reewark did we not see equally absurd things attempted. The new brdge was intended only as a temporary structure whilst the new one was in course of erec tion, and as such it is narrower than would otherwise have been the case, but the old bridge compensates for this to some extent by providing a thoroughfare for redes trians. There is no telling when the new bridge will be erected: poesibly the iron has not yet been raised from the earth, and in truth it could have been dispensed with for ten or twelve, eara had a hundred and fifty or two hundred pounds been judiciously expended in re pairing the old structure. As it is prob ably some years will elapse before the proposed bridge will be completed, and in the meantime the old one, if allowed to remain, will afford some convenience to the public. Surely some less objectionable scheme can be suggested for making work than pulling down a useful, if somewhat dilapidated bridge. Digging up a few streets, for instance, would accomplish the same object, with the advantage that the work could be increased or diminished as circumstances might requite! Perhaps, however, it is intended to take the bridge first. FURTHiEIR TAXATION MEETINGS.-Yester day a petition was being largely signed for pre entation to the Mayor (Aldermin W. H. Ferrall) asking him for the use of the Town Hall for Monday evening next "for the purpose of inviting the Premier (Sir Edward Braddon), the Treasurer (hon. P. O. Fysh), the ex-Premier (Mr Henry Dobson), ex-Treasurer (hon. John Henry), and the members for the city to interpret the meaning of the unimprJved land value as proposed by the present Government." It is anticipated that the petition will be still more largely signed before presenta tion to the Mayor to day. RETURNED. - The poultry and dogs which were exbiblted by Tasmanian breeders at the Victorian Poultry and Dog Society's show returned from Melbourne by the Coogee yesterday. I.O.G.T. - The Dawn of Hope Lodge No. 1 held its usual weekly meeting on the 8th rest. in the Rechabite Chambers, York.street, when there was a large at tendance of m, mbers and visiting members present. During the past quarter a large number of new members we e in itiated. The reports of the retiring officers showed the lodge to be in a most satisfac tory position both financially and numeri cally. The newly-elected officers were then installed by the I.D., Bro. R. C. Kerkham, assisted by Bro. J. E. Mathews as I.M.,and Bro. M'Nally as D.I.M.:-C.T., Bro. Watchorn; V.T., Sister Dalton; secretary, Bro. M'Cullock; financial secretary, Sister A. Gaily; chaplain, Sister M'Naliy; treasurer, Brother Storrer; marshal, Bro. Culpeck; I.G., Bro. Fraser; sentinel, Bro. Line; P.C.T., Sister Feu tr.ll. The newly-installed thanked the lodge for their confidence, and the meeting closed at 9.30 o'clock. [We can remind our correspondent that toe.e reports must b3 sent promptly if publication is de sired.] SERVICE of SONe.-At the Tabernacle last evening the beautiful service of song entitled "The Californian Nugget" was rendered, in the presence of a large atten dance, the Rev. E Harris presiding. The music was very bright, and the descriptive readings, which were given by the Rev. D. J. Flockart, were especially interesting. The united choir, under the hadership of Mr H. Ratcliffe, discoursed the music- in excellent sty;e and the solo parts were also nicely given. Mies Fletcher pre sided at the organ. The meeting closed with prayer by the chairman. As IMsPORTED TERRIER. - By the Coogee yesterday Mr H. G. Webb, of the Shakespeare Hotel, imported the black and tan English terrier slut Stamford Fury, who took second prize in the Melbourne show. Fury is by the imported champion Stamford Jack from Stamford Vixen, and is in whelp to Stamford Jack. She is a typical specimen of the treed, and Mr Webb's speculation should meet with the success it deserves. SEVEN DAYS' SALE.-Messrs B. D. Richards and Ca. announce a winding-np winter Bale of Seven days, commencing on Saturday next. UNR.ePLOYED.-A meeting of the unem ployed of Laeuceston will be held on the Market Green at 11 o'clock this morning. It is requested that all interested will attend. Ax OWNERc WANTED.-The police have in th:ir passession a small round faced nickel-plated clock for which they want an owner. It will be remembered that on Monday two man we.e arrested for house breaking at Prospect, and the timepiece was found on the accused. It is considered to be the property sto ean from another pelace by these men. MIcaosCOPICAL CLUB. - The monthly meeting of this club was held yesterday evening at 127 Charles-street, when the members examined a fine collection of anacomical and botanical slides, kindly forwarded by a well kno wn firm of opticians, of London and Melbourne. Several instru ments were brought into requisition, and. an instructive discussion followed the examination. A highly int-resting anti quarian instrument was exhibited by one of the members in the form of a microscope made in 1723 by Lynch, of Dublin, after the ptttern cf John MIarshall, London, whore type o f instrument had ccnsiderable repute in its day, and is figured in several text hcools on the subject. U.S. CoarPANY.-The half-yearly general meeting or the United Steam-hip Company Limited will be held at the office, Cimitiere street, on Wednesday, 28th inst., at 3 p.m. A CAszwnELL--SrREET GHOST.--Tn the dark hours of Yunday morning a young man ras wending his way homewards past the disused burial ground in Campbell street, Hobart (-ta'es the Mereury), when he saw a tall, white-robed figure stalking among the tombs. Be did not run away, but "went for" the ghost, only t, find that it wes a young womarn in her robe de clrambre, and in a sound slep! While meditating as to what was to be done he was made aware of a man simi'arly attired, who asked him his business in a rather gruff sorn of way. Explanations followed, and it came out that the ghostly.looking figure was the wife of a respectable arlizan, who, missing her from his side, rose Irm his bed and went to look for her, and found her wan dering in the gloomy necropolis. DEVONPORT PARLIArIENTARY DEBATING CO.uu--This club held their usual fort. nightly meeting on Monday evening (writes our correspondent), when the adjourned debate on the Adult Suffrage Bill was proceeded with. The Opposition mustered in great force, and some forcible speeches were delivered on b;oth sides. IMessrs G. N. Levy, M. J. Tracey, A. Swann, H. A. Pratt, and J. R Hart spoke against, and M?=srs W. Inbes, A. L. Bockeret, J. Lathey, W. B. Cocker (the Minist-r of Lands), and Rev. S. H. Hughes in favour of the masore. After the Pre mier (Mr '. Ockerby) had replied, the bill was passed on its second reading and then taken in committee, progress being re ported at 10'30 p.m. The debate was further adjourned for a fortnight. PEOPLE's SERaVICES.--For nearly three years the Rev. J. T. Piercey, with his band of workers oi the Primitive Mcth;dist Church, have been conducting a very suc ceesful Gospel mission at the Town Hall, Hobart. These meetings (says the Tas. mantian News) may well be called "the people's," all claoses and creeds being equally welcom,. The public interest in this work is still maintained, last Sunday evening the large hall being again packed, many having to stand. Mr Piercey took fbr his subject " Rahab, or the red cord in the window," showing how the red cord of the cross ran right through the Bible from Genesio to Revelations, the audience listen ing with rapt attention throughout. One feature of this work is the bright after meeting after closing the first meeting. We trust the rev. gentleman and his band of workers may still have the support they need in this work. ST. JosrPH's BAWD.-A public meeting was held last evening in the class-room of the Mechanics' Institute for the pur pose of considering measures for raising lunds to purchase new instruments for St. al Joseph's Band. Alderman Henry Edgell presided, and there wes a satisfactory o attendanc'. It was decided on the motion CC of Mr W. De Dassell, seconded by Mr J. V. ti Sullivan, to form a committee to make su bo effort to obtain sufficient funds to pre sent St. Joseph's Band with a new set of instruments. The president oQ the Hibernian Society spoke in encouraging and sympathetic terms of the movement, which he strongly support:d, and an nounced cn behalf of the society that that body would give as:iatance, a statement that was received with loud epplause. The following committee wos then elected: Messrs J. Carney, J. V. Sullivan, A.Xennedy, i John Dillon, W. De Dassell, P. B.Fitzgerald bi (secretary), and Henry Edgell (treasurer). ti Mr Lithgow made a statement regarding c the band, from which it appeared that the total cost of the new instruments would be about £200. Fe remarked that the in.tru-. c meats were absolutely nicessary for a first- a class band, and raid he had no doubt that b, the public would respond. The chairman suggested that a subscription list should be started and stated that he would give towards the object, which he regarded as one deserving of public support. There. rfcer those present added donations, which totalled .£22. A committee meeting was held after the public meeting, at which the work of the future was mapped out, and Mr Edgell kindly placed his office at the T disposal of the c.mmit:ee for subse- t1 quent meetings. A. vote of thanks to the chairman telminated the meeting. At a ?' meeting of the committee hell sub sequently Mr Sullivan was elected chair man and some routine business was trans acted and the meeting adjourned to Thursday next. BAND CONTEST.-It is announced in an advertisement to-day that the Garrison end City Bands will contest for superiority on September 5 and 6 at the Alb:rt Hall. There will also be solo contests for cornet, euphonium, and trombone. Entries close on 29:h inst., and should be addressed to the secretaries, Messrs A. E·y and Roo. ! Horne. h VITAL STATISTICs.--The Government o Statistician's report on the vital statistics for July shows that during the month 136 births-58 males and 78 femalee- vere registered in the registration districts of Hobart and Launceston. This shows a de crease of nine births as compared with the correspcnding month last year, and a de crese of 30 as compared with the average of the births registered in July during the lastfive-yearly period. To every 1000 of the population of the two districts the pro portions of births reALtsred were as fol lows:-For Hotart, 2.52; for Las'ncison, 196 ; all, 230. The deaths registered in July in Hobart and Launceston numbered 8c--47 males and 37 females; 31 deaths, or 36 90 per cent. of the whole, took place in public institutions. The total number of deaths registered in the two districts during July, 1805, is eight less than the corre:ponding month last year, and shows a decrease of 6'40 as com paredwith the average number of deaths registered in July durinz the la.t five- a yearly period. To every 1000 of the popu lation of the respective diise.ons the d proportions of deaths registered were rs 2 follows :- Hobart, 1'53; Launceston, 1'26; all, 1'42. The deaths under five years of age numbered 15, or 17.86 per cent., of wnich seven were under one year of age; the deaths between five and 65 years of age r numbered 39, or 46 43 per cent.; and the a deaths 65 years and upwards numbered 30, or 35"71 per cent. Of the 84 deaths a registered during July, 709 actually C occursed during the month of July, and five sciual:y occurred during the month of n June. The total deaths registered up to i the present time as having actually v occurred during June, 1895, am.>unt to 70 ft (47 in Hobart and 23 in Launceston),which C is three more than the number of dcatha registered during that month irrc p?..cive of date of actual occurrence. In the country ditricts the returns were: Northeastern, births, 62; deaths, 20. North-wes'ern, births, 78; deaths, 34. .Midland, births, 59; deaths, 19. South eastern, births, 43; deathe, 20 South western, births, 14; deaths, 1. Total a c-untry ditrciets, births, 256, 135 males and 121 females, against 259 bithas in July, C 1894, and 131 in July, 1893. Total death, I 94, 68 males and 36 females, agains, 62 t d -sths in July, 3894, and 81 in July, 1893. onrTH BRIDGEWATER MEETINao.-The Melbourne Herald makes merry over the meeting held at North Bridgewater on Saturday "in order to form a union amongst the farmers, with a view to the ae.eetablishm nt of an emaibus service in and around Hobart." The city is a, pre sent served with electric trams. Whether these g've public satisfact on or not we (Herald) need not stay to enquire, the present purpiss being only to note the pluck and etsterprise of the North Bridge wator farmers. Electric:ty, the great at of known physical for.es, is against them, not merely in .ome prospective form, but at a bald, staring fact. And they say confi. fidently, " We are goiog to beat it with honest horseflesh!" On both sides of the Straits the curious struggle will be watched with the liveliest interest. Juet a premo nition of the note of discontent now sounded full and clar on the Tasmanian side we had in our own Legislative As. sembly last week. Provincial members shovel a deciled reluctance to reducing the duties on bicycles, because theae re markab.e machines had entered inta com petition with horses. Summiog up his remarks the Victorian editor points out "As agaic.sat rail and tram horse traffic has always the advantage that it is nut arbi trarily confined to permanent waya. And although the pneumatic tiras can, it is claimed, take the bicycle over ploughed fields, over good level roads there are points in favour of the horse yet. He may recede, bue We do not in the least imagine that the :obk animal is in immediate danger of dissppearing." TRe annual meetiag of the St. Paul's Church Guild will be held this evening at eight o'clock. MEMORIAL CHURncH Band of Hope meets to morrow evening at 7'30. W. D. PEACOCK AnD Co's PUBE JAIs. Unequalled for purity. They are mannfactured durlng the fruit seacon only from fresh fruit and the highest grade of refined sugar, under conditions of absolute cleanliness. Two gold medale--Tasmanian Internatlona' Exhibition and first special prize Hobart Horticultural Society's show,l 1895, Ask your grocer for them. 