THE BISHOP OF GOULBUBN AT ST. PAUL'S. The Bishop of Goulburn (Dr Chalmers) ttrik part in lie services at St. Paul's Church yesterilay, -when the quarterly communion of the Guild of the -Holy -Sacrament was cele brated. There were 150 communicants during: the day, and the bishop gave an exposition of the doctrine of the Eucharist. In the evening he addressed a crowded eon gregaiionon the 44 Disunion of Christendom : its root and its remedy." The text was taken from Jeremiah, 6th chap., 16th Terse: 4i Thus saith the Eordr Stand ye in the ways and see, and ask for the old paths, where is the good way, and walk therein, and ye shall find rest for your, souls." The subject, said the preacher, had given rise to some discussion of late both in England. and Australia, and it was fitting that they should try to arrive at some distinct ideas upon it. There was no need to enlarge ou the fact that the multitude of them who believed in the X»ord Jesus were no longer of one mind and heart and soul, welded together, by one spirit, in one communion and fellowship. The fulness of spiritual power which the cburch of Christ would regain if its now divided sections were reunited in one body was almost as far beyond conception as it was outride their experience. A resistless impaL*e, it had been lately said, would be given to the work of religious education, to the canse of Christian temperance, to the upholding of the sanctity of marriage, to the preachiQg of the gospel truths among the heathen, to the defence of social order and of political purity. The first point he wished to put before them was that the Church of Christ was a visible society. "The Son of God wa3 made man, not only to offer an acceptable sacrifice for the sin of the world, and to teach all men all necessary truth, but ! to found a society, a society which should be distinct from humanity at large, and be based upon the explicit confession of His name. This society He had spoken of as 44My Church," and He had bestowed upon it the gift of virible continuity through a succession of men duly commissioned to be 44 stewards of the mysteries of God." He said r "Ho, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world." The uext point was that this church, in the purpose of its Divine founder, was not only to be a visible society, but a visible unity. On the night in which He was betrayed, He prayed first for his ministers, and then for all who in all ages should believe in Him through their word, that they all uiight be one, 44 Even as Thou, Father, art inAle and I in Thee, that they wfcn may be in La*; that the world may Iw-lioro tbiif: Thci did'st send 31s.5' He believe that Thou did'st send 31e.'- He payed as they would observe, not only for the unity of Christian believers, but for a visible unity which the world could perceive. Xo doubt in the churches of the Saints there had had always been, from the Day of Pentecort downwards, an essential spiritual unity. _ -ATI Christians were one in the pro fession of the one faith, in -their adherence to the laws of the8* Hingdom of Heaven, above all, in their organic union with their Divine Eord and Head, Jesus Christ. Bat this unity was invisible to the world and perceived only by faith. What ■Christ prayed for was an unity which the world might perceive and be thereby con verted. It was the duty of the church, then, to seek after this risible unity, to show forth to the world by the visible inter communion of her various parts that she was indeed -4 one body " through the indwelling of the 44 one spirit." The next point with which be would deal was, the attitude of the Church of Home in regard to this viable unity. The Soman idea was that, by virtue of Christ's piayer to. that effect, the church must always he one and. always visibly one. Not only its essential unity but its visible unity could not be broken. He held this to be a mistake. It was a mistake to think that Christ's prayer for visible unity was equivalent to a promise on His part that such visible unity should never fail. The fins! object of the Saviour's prayer was that the world might believe that the Father had sent Him. That was to be result of Christian unity- Had the world j yet believed it ? Not yet. Why not ? Because the unity which should bring about ^ the world's conversion to faith had failed. "When by God's mercy unity was restored the world would perceive it and confess Christ's name. But what the world saw at present was a divided Christendom, and the missionaries of the Cross among the heathen and elsewhere were taunted with its divisions. Nay, said the Church of Home, it is not so. Christendom is not divided; excom municated bodies like Anglican heretics and Hasten schismatics are cnt off from Christen dom. Properly Fpeaking, Christendom is another name for the Catholic Church, and the Catholic Church is not divided, for we are the Catholic Church. To this assumption t-liev could reply with a statement of fact. Christendom is made up of the nations of the baptised, and of these at least one-half were outride the communion of Borne. "What their Divine Lord prayed for was a Christen dom visibly and so completely united that its unity would be a sign to the heathen, and till this unitv was attained His prayer awaited fulfiment. The Church of Borne boasted of her nuity, and called it Catholic unity. It was really a mechanical unity, a despotic unitv, the unity of an earthly kingdom under a Czar. The unity which consisted in obedi ence to one visible head was the unity that the kingdoms of this world posse-sed by policy and force. It was the unity of rigid discipline, of enforced acquiescence; not the unity of active intelligent consent of mind and !: soul and heart. "Was the unity manifest, in the Church of Borne, the kind of unity they read of in the Holy Scriptures ? He thought not . The unity which the new Testament set forth was the unity of the primitive Apostolic Church, the unity of the spirit in the bond of peace,., an unity which bound together independent and widely separated churches in the ApoBtles' fellowship under an D/rwiifeHead. This unity was indeed a sign to the heathen. " See," they said, " ho w these Christians love one another," and thev confessed that God was with them of a troth. The new Testament ideal of unity embraced all, who, in all lands,- were built up on the foundation of apostles and prophets, having no visible Head, but an Invisible Head, even Jesus Chrisfc. . The Boman conception was local and limited, narrowed down to those Christians who were in communion with only one of the five patriarchal sees of Christendom, and who acknowledged its Bishop as their Supreme Pontiff. It had removed the Church from ita ancient four square foundation of apostles and prophets, and set it on the pinnacle of one man only, one sole ruler and judge. Of old it was the apostolic twelve hi solemn council assembled who could say of their decrees : " It seemed good to the Holy ; Ghost and to us." Now, according -to Borne, it was one man only who _ was the rock of Faith, - and the sacrament of the Church's Unity, and the voice of that one was claimed to be the organ of the Holy Ghost, infallible in all things which related to faith and morals. To appraise the value of the claim of the Boman Church to be regardedas the visible organic society founded by the Lord Jesus Christ, they had to look at the consequences which followed from it. During the first five centuries, or more, the church was visibly united under the four great patriarchal Sees- of Borne, Constantinople, Antioch and Alexandria. Borne took first place because it was founded by the apostles, and had its home in the ancient capital of the empire. Constanti nople came next because it. was new Borne, the new capital of the empire, as was decreed bv the authoritr of the fourth General Council of Chalcedon An. 451. The rivalry and jealousy between these two chief sees of Christendom culminated in mutual anathema and final separation in the 11th ..century. Thus the denial of the Boman claim did not begin with the reformation of the lGth century. It was the battlefield of the long conflict between east and west from the 5th down to the 11th century, and was the main cause of their present separation.. So long as the Boman claim was what it was | so long would the Eastern " churches^ stand aloof. It was the "root" of the division of Christendom. A second consequence of the Boman claim was the reformation of the 16th century. Even candid Bomanists admitted that it was the degraded and corrupt- condi tion of the Western church.which, in A great measure, brought the Beformation about. Hen had been tanght and believed that the church which acknowledged the headship of the Boman Bishop was the one visible kingdom of Christ upon earth. Staggered and amazed at the laxity of morals and spiritual wickedness which prevailed in its high places a reaction against the very idea of a visible church set in. Men conhl not believe that a church so corrupt could be the Bride of the Lamb. Hen who had been baptised into her communion and who had ministered at her altars reviled her as "apostate," and denounced der head'as " anti- Christ."' In spite of the selfishness,- intolerance and robbery which disgraced the Beformation, they cast in their lot with it and laid down their lives for it's sake, choosing the lesser of two evils. So far as they could reduce the Beformation to one guiding principle, it was a revolt against the Boman claim._ Christen dom was again split up, but this time not into east and west. The west itself was divided and broken up into innumerable sects: It was this same " Boman claim' which, to-day, was the most insuperable harrier to the re-union of Christendom. How could thev believe that the Boman Church f was the one visible society founded by Christ, the sole depositary and guardian of " The faith once for all delivered to the saints," when during the last 300 years she had added new articles of faith to the ancient Cteed. of the church r - Two of them had been formulated within the last 50 years. That of papal infallibility had been "denounced 200 years ago by Bossuet, one of the most able and learned champions of the Boman Church, as a " Protestant fiction." The do'rma of the Immaculate Conception tended rather to destroy the doctrine of the Incar nation than to safeguard it as claimed by Catholics. H the humanity which the Son of God took from His Holy Mother were not that nature which she inherited from Adam, hut another nature created by God's power to exist under new conditions of original polity then H brotherhood with us was at an end- He took not on Him the seed of Abraham. .It was by these novelties of doctrine that reunion seemed to be made impossible: This " Deification" of the Blessed "Virgin in particular - was one of at least two impassable barriers for which the Church of Borne was solely responsible. It might be regarded as the culminating point of the Boman claim which as in the hast so to-day, was the root of the disunion of Christendom. Was there any remedy . That was his last point. If the Chunk of England stood alone in her rejection of the Boman claims, it might be tbonght that their insular conceit wasleadingthem astray. But blot ont the Chnrch of England, blot out Protestantism, and the protest^ of 100 millions of Christian people, holding the Catholic faith, would still remain- lho orthodox churches of the East from the very first rejected it. These churches constituted a third of Christendom and expended over vaster countries tnan was occupied by any other of the churches of Christendom. They were ruled by some 300 bishops, whose sees were found throughout Bussia and Greece and the islands of the Grecian Archipelago ; In Turkev, both European and Asiatic, m cludiu" the ancient Apostolic Churches of Asia Hinor, in Serria anil Bulgaria, and the priucioalities of the Lower Danube, in Egppt* and Ethiopia ; and they celebrated the Liturgy m at least six languages, which the people understood. The preacher quoted the commuuuicatiou of the Patriarch of Constantinople to the Pope on the eve of the Vatican Council of lb/0, as supportingtheAnglicanposition, andpomtmg the remedy. The Pope was invited to recur to the conditions which prevailed before the division of east and west, to accept as a common court of appeal the creeds and insti tutions and usages of Christendom when it was at unity in itself. If there was to be any reunion of Christendom it could only be on the basis of these, from which they would all have to start afresh. They must, in short, •rive earnest heed to the exhortation of their text. If all Christians would be content to lire in this faith the warfare of the churches would cease Of course in such a case all churches and denominations would have to make con cessions and surrender something they had lol,cr cherished, for they had all more or less added to the ancient trefoil*i. They had a basis of agreement m the fact that all churches and denominations, with a few lu Bi"nificaut exceptions, adhered to the teach im" of the Nicens creed. Implicit/, if not formally, they also accepted the doctrinal definition of the earlier councils. In eoucla rion he exhorted his hearers to pray for tne Consummation of that unity for which Christ bad prayed. 