CHAPTER XVIII. " I don't know that the story will interest you anything like so much as the experience might lead me to expect. We are woefully selfish in these things, and second-hand experience is not often appreciated at its highest value. At any rate, after that horrid affair in Glasgow - you never doubted my innocence, and you cannot understand how precious your confidence was to me - I had not the ghost of a show of doing anything in Scotland. I went south to Yorkshire, and by a bit of good luck found a billet as a chemist in a village between Dewsbury and Huddersfield. The Yorkshirermen are the very best people I have met in my rambles through the world. There is a sturdy manliness about them that reminds one of my own country folk, but there is hardly a grain of that sentimental hypocrisy which makes many a Sandy nauseating. I lived in Yorkshire for about a year, and would have been there yet but for a bit of most villainous bad luck. One day I was taking a holiday for a fortnight \- I met a man I knew on the railway station, and by an unlucky coincidence he was also taking a holiday. I wanted him to come with me to Cumberland, and he tried to persuade me to go to Ireland. You remember how we used to decide these matters in the old days with the tossing of a penny. Well, we tossed up, and that infernal penny has been cursed a million times since. The luck was against me, and we went to Ireland. I need not go into all the particulars. I met a girl there, and ultimately I was married to her. She was not half bad herself. Of course she was pretty, but there everything ended. She was badly educated, know absolutely nothing, and had not the ability to recognise her own defects and remedy them. " Well, we were married, and I brought my wife back amongst my Yorkshire friends. The boss of the shop had entire confidence in me, and I was preparing to settle down into the humdrum of married life when Fanny's father died. There were only two daughters, my wife and an older sister, Bridget ; and when the old man died, of course Bridget had to come and reside with us. I give you my word of honor, Pirie, that I intended always and ever to treat that woman as a sister, but she was a crabbed sour old maid, and everything I did was misconstrued with infernal malignity until my life was made an actual burden to me. I made to whisky for consolation, and with the same result as whisky always will have. You may ask me why I did not turn the woman out of the house as soon as I saw the mischief brewing, If I had to go over the whole thing again, this is certainly what I should do, but naturally I am an easy-going fellow - with the characteristic left handedness of the world, the case has been always left out - and I was always preaching to myself the doctrine that "sufficient to the day is the evil thereof." At any rate, things quickly came to a climax. The boss gave me my walking ticket." To Be Continued. 