THE NOVELIST. PAUL CHALLTS'S WOOING. By the Author of The Cost of a Conquest,' ' A Sinles8 Crime' CHAFIERXLV. A BBOKEN LIFE. And wept like childhood then. Talk not of grief till thou hast seen The tears of bearded men. — Hejians. It was a hard task for Lord Allardyec to tell nil this to his brother-in-law: harder still for the deceived husband to hear it. But it was best. There could be no more conceal ment now of anything connected with Dol ores. If she was in any danger she muse be saved, and it could only be done bv coming to a fall understanding of her posi tion. . ' . ' Of course Hastings believed her to be dead when he proposed to marry MissJJadd,' the captain said. ' He could never have contemplated such a fraud as that if he did not.' ' I am sure he did,' was the roply ; and Lord Allardyce fully believed what he was saying ; he did not quite know to what straits his friend was reduced, nor to what length ne was prepared to go to retneve his position. ' Of course he thought she was dead,' he said. ' He never would tell me what he had learned about her. But he de liberately left her, I know that. It must have been something very bad, for, with all his faults, he was not the man to be cruel to a woman he begged me not to ask him, and I thought that I should learn in time.' ' I have bean cozenafl,' he said, ' that is all— made a fool of. Drop the subject, my boy. It makes me sick to think of it.' ' Whatever it was, it had to do with the man Bregnet and the mother. I never heard anything more about it ; and then the smash came — the interrupted wedding, and poor ' Beauty's' flight. I would have given half my fortune to have stopped that if I could.' ' Everybody knows that, Allardyce,' said Paul Challis. ' ? It was no fault of yours. It was a piece of private spito against Lord Templestowe that brought that about ; poor Hastings paid for it with his life.' n ' Yes, he is dead and out of the way, and you are suffering for his misdeeds. If he had never crossed her path; you might never have met her either. Can vou eefc Ibivr nnH get her away somewhere ? It would be bettor.' . ', Wherever I go the taint wonld cling to mo. No place in tho world can wipe it out.' ' I know. But i6 is not that. She is in danger here. The man Breguet has turned up again.' ' And what is he to her ?' .'Ah, that is the question! I do not know. But he accuses her and her mother for having got him out of the way for pur poses of thieir own. He declares they put him into a lunatic asylum, afier having tried to murder him. The charge is so serious a one that they are using every effort to find Mademoiselle Fay. They have discovered that she did not die as was reported, and they have traced her to Eng land ; up to the time of her mother's death they have tracked her ; sinec then she has disappeared. It is for you to think now what is to be done.' ' What can I do ?' ' You must think. It will never do for your wife to be tried for conspiracy and at tempted murder. That's the charge, I believe You mu st get her away.' Paul Challis bowed his head upon his hands, and wept as only a broken man can weep over his tarnished name and ruined honour. His was no melting mood1 in a general way ; tears had rarely come to his eyes in the whole course of his life, but life seemed to be worthless now, and he wept like a very girl. Lord Allardyce put his hand on his shoulder with a. touch that was almost a caress. ' Don't do that, for heaven's sake,' he said, ' That never helped man, woman, or child out of a' scrape yet. I fancy the question was put to me as a warn ing.' ' A warning !' ' Yes. I thought from Monsieur Kromeski's manner that he knew -where the person he wanted was to be found, and that ie meant his questioning to be taken as a lint ; such things are done sometimes, you know, when the happiness and credit of many families are involved. The police can have no possible interest in Breguet, but they are bound to do his bidding in the matter.' , , ' And you think :' T attempt to take her— my wife— away, they will not inter fere ?' 'I don't believe they will. I am sure I am ngnc in my conjecture about it.' ' I will do it this very night— the colonel will give me leave— if she will go.' 'I don't think there will be much doubt of that. I fancy the mention of Bre«uet's name will be sufficient. Try and make her tell you aU, Challis. You will know better how to proceed if she makes a clean breast ot it.' Captain Challis thought there was little chance of that when he thought of the sullen defiant mood Dolores had shown before he eft her, but whether she would speak or not he could at least place her in safety some where. ?' Send for me if I can be of any use to you. Lord Allardyce said, as they parted at the barrack gate. ' Anything I can do. I will. 'SI am sure of that. The best service you can render me it to bo silent on the sub ject. No one can help me.' . ''You may rely upon me. I shall hope to hear that you ares»fe off to-morrow.' They clasped hands and rwrtprl Tim young peer to return to his wife and mother-in-law, who had a thousand quest ions to ask about what had kept him so long, and the captain to cross the barrack square, and knock at the doorof the colonel s quarters to prefer his request for leave. He was welcome there with pleasure. As a guest they had not seen much of him late ly, the ladies declaring they had scarcely seen him at all since his marriage. They asked after his wife, but he was too distrait to give a coherent answer, and they left him ;o the colonel, saying among themselves that they were sure something must be very wrong at home to make the usually staid and precise Captain Challis behave so oddly. ' That wife of his isdriving him to drink that's my belief,' the colonel's lady said.' I never saw a man ho altered in my life. I am sure he is not happy.' Happy ! The heartbroken man in her husband's study felt as though he should never know happiness again, and could hard y find words to prefer his request for a brief leave of absence. 'I must have it,' he Baid, when the colonel demurred. ' I will do anything to make up for it — another time ; but I must go now. To- night if possible.' .' You can go, of course. I hope there is nothing wrong— no trouble to call you a-way,' the colonel said, kindly. 'You arenotvour self to-nijrht.' ' No, I know I am not. Jt is trouble. It is on my wife's account I have to go. I am sorry I could not give you more notice, but I could not.' ' Mrs. Challis is not ill, I trust ?' ' No ; that is, she has to get away at once,' stammerd the unhappy husband, in such a fashion that he seemed cer tianly drunk in the eyes of his superior officer. ' We leave to-night, I hope. I will make up for this extra leave when come back.' He spoke in an odd, mechanical fash ion, and his eyes tooked as though he were far away in thought, and alto gether his manner was very queer. 'What's up, I wonder ?' the colonel said. to himself- as he shut the door. after him. 'Hal he quarrelled with that pretty woman ? She would - make him remember it if he had, I fancy. She looks a Tartar.' He never found out. If Paul Challis and his wife had quarrelled nobody knew it but themselves ; and yet the news that came to the barracks concern ing them was that Mrs. Challis was miss ing ; missing as completely as though she had flown lip to the skies, or sunk in to the earth — not a trace of her to be found. With a heavy and weary heart, her husband went home, free to take her away out of danger, yet doubtful how to broach the subject to her. He went up to Dolores's room, but all was dark. There was no light, and she had not gone to bed, she was not in her boudoir 'either, nor anywhere about tho house that he could hear or see, and, some what alarmed, he rang the bell. ' Where is your mistress ?' he asked of the servant who answerad it. ' Out, sir,' was the reply. 'Out?' e . 'Yes, sir.' 'Where?' ' I don't.know, sir.' ' When did she go ?' ' N.ot very long after yon, sir.' The girl hesitated, as if there was semething more she would like to say ; and her master saw it, and stopped her as she would have.left the room. ' You know something more,' he said. 'WhatisitP' '' I don't know anything,' the girl said half frightened. ' It was only what cook said.' Ana what did cook say, pray? Out with it. I am not angry with you, girl.' . The girl was as frightened as though he were very angry indeed, and could hardly find her voice to tell him that cook had seen her mistress when shp wentout, and had remarked how 'queer' she looked. ' She said she thought missis was off head, sir,' she said, simply. ' Off her head ! What do you mean ?' ' Not quite right, sir, I think.' 'And why? What made cook make so monstrous an assertion as that ?' 'It was something missis said, sir. I don't know what.' ' Send cook to me. If she is gone to bed she must get up. I want 'to know where your mistress is gone. Ofcour»o she has left a, message or note forme, if you only knew where.' ' Yes, sir. I daresay. I'll go and Bend cook.' She went upstairs, heartily glad to get away, fer his manner frightened her, and roused up the sleepy cook, who had gone to bed, with the news that she was to go down and tell master what she had said to hor about missis. ' Lor,' ain't she with him ?' she said, as she huddled nn)»» jMon „„,} smoothed her hair. 'What's gone wrong I wonder?' . ' I don't know; but you've got to be quick. He's in an awful taking about something, I can tell you.' Cook's greeting from her master was of the sternest, and she heartily wished herself back in bed when she saw his dark face. . That Mary's a tattling fool,' she soliloquized, as she stood waitino- for him to speak. ' Why couldn't she hold her tongue. I'll give her a piece of my mind when I go upstairs.' She had not a great deal to tell, but it was certainly odd. Mrs. Challis had been sitting in her own room where her husband left her, when a note had been brought to the house by a boy for her. Mary did not happen to be dressed, and the cook being ready, she had taken it up ; she was not quite sure whether there was any answer and she had wait ed to see. She felt quite alarmed at the strange look that came into her mis tress's face as she read it. ' Is anything the matter, ma'am ?' she asked. 'No, nothing,' Dolores replied. ' Why do you, ask ?' 'You look as though you had seen something, ma'am,' the woman replied, her mistress looking as though she had .seen a ghost. ' So I have,' she said, shortly. ' The ghost of my buried happiness— the spirit of my dead love.' 'Did she say nothing else?' her master askei ' Not a word, sir. She said there was no answer, and indeed the boy was gone but I did not know that.' ' Well, what next ?' ' There was nothing more, sir. Missis went out after that.' ' And left no message ?' ?'No, sir.' ' Nor any note ?/ ' Not with me, sir. I fancied she was going to you. I -said what should I say to you, and she said, 'Your master will understand whero I am gone when it is necessary/ or something like that. I did not quite catch what she said. It was none of my business, you know, sir.' ' No, of course not,' he replied, utter ly bewildered by this new mystery. What could Dolores mean by what she had said ? She must have uttered the incomprehensible words solely to mislead the servants. He could only hope she had not rushed into the lion'8 mouth, and wait for the morning to take steps to find her. 