SUNDAY THOUGHTS- The tslent -of enooesa is nothing more than doing what you oan do well; ana doing whatever you d.—without thought of fame. If tt come at all, it will oome beoause it is deserved, not bemuse it ia aonght after. The great high road of human welfare lies along the old pathway of steady well-doing ; and aney who are the most persutrnt, ana work in the truest spirit, will invariably be tha most successful; success treads on the heels t>f every right effort. Dj not dare to thins that a child of God can worthily work ont his career or worthily serve God's other obildren unless he does both in the love and tear of God the Father. Ambition and charity will both grow mean unless they are both inspired and exalted by religion. Bo not "Thw" for the shadow of a great name, nor lor the aoqaaintance of many, nor esteem thyself better than others, lest oaply thou be aooounted worse in tie sight of God, who knoweth what Is'in man. Like alone aots npon like. Therefore do not amend by reasoning, bnt by example; approach feeling by feeling; do not hope to excite love except by love. Bs what j ou wish others to beoome. Let yourself-and not your words preaoh for you. It is from the si ate of oar minds that oontentiueut arises, and not from the amount of our possession!, if we are not " content with such things as we have," we are not likely to be if we succeeded in attaining what we desire. In dark periods we acquire a special interest in the Word of God. Times oi adversity bting oat multitudes of preoious promises, as night brings ont the stars. A man's own coosdenoe is his own tribunal; and he should care no moiefor 'that phantom, " opinion," than he should fear meeting a ghost if he cross the churchyard at night. One great characteristic of holiness is never to be exacting, never to complain, for each complaint drags ns down a degree in our upward course. On no account neglect the duty you owe to friendship,' rel&ves;, society; bnt remember eaoh day to preserve some portion ol it for yourself and God only. Never scorn anything that seems wanting in brilliancy, but remember to be mU) happy we must have more virtoe.than knowledge, .mfin love Hum tendwnwB, 