CHAPTER VT/nr AT A ECHBUTt's FAMILY HOTEL. ' For this my son was dead, and is* alive again — was Io3t, and is found.** ' I can't believe it,' Lady Geraldine said, after she had done her best to soothe Marion, whose agitation almost frightened her. ' Are you sure we are not dreaminer — vou and I ? I saw him. but I thought it was his ghost.' ' No, we are wide awake,' Miss Judd replied ; ' and Leonard is here in London. No ghost, but real flesh and blood, and hungry for a sight of his sister, I know.' ' Ho shall have it,' Geraldine ex claimed, glad'y. 'Do you think we can go to him now ? I should like to 6tart this very minute.' ' Can you stay away from home f' ' Yes. I can write to mamma. She will not be anxious when she hears I am with soi. May I stay here a little while ??' Marion did not tell her friend how highly honored her hostess would feel by her presence in the house, nor how she would boast of the fact afterwards She only replied, gently, ' I am sure you can, dear,' and went to fetch writ ing materials. The note was soon written, and the carriage despatched home, to the aston ishment of the servants, who, notwith standing Miss Judd's presence, were hardly satisfied to leave their young lady in the Bloomsbury-square mansion. as Marion's friends were wont to call their comfortable home. Lady Templestowe was not anxious. She knew Geraldine was to be trusted, and Marion, too. So she said nothing in disapproval. ' I hope the people have a carriag-e.' was the only remark she made upon the subject. ' I don't like the idea of Geraldine riding about in a cab.' ' That is not at all likely,' her hus band said. ' Miss Judd will have more sense than that. It would have been better if Geraldine had brought her friend here if she wanted to see her. Does she not tell you why she did not ?' ' Her note is somewhat incoherent. I cannot make it out.' The countess handed the letter to her husband that he might read it for him self. She had the feeling of presenti ment that often comes without an ap parent reason, and felt uncomfortable without knowing why. ' I think I will go and fetch her,' the earl said. 'Bloomsbury is all very well, but I hardly like the thought of her been there, and uncertain how she is to get home. I shall try and per suade Miss Judd to come back with her if I can.' ^^He rang the bell, and ordered the ^^?jjiage to be ready in an hour, and ^^Hhcff in state to fetch his daughter. Tn bis surprise he was told that Miss Judd and Lady Geraldine were out. ' Out !' he said, wondering. Where aro they gone to ?' ' I don't know in the least, my lord,' Mrs. Mobbs said — Mobbs was the home ly name of Marion's friends. She was terribly frightened, poor lady, at the advent of the carriage a second time with Lord Templestowe inside it. She thought she must have done some thing grievously wrong in letting Lady Geraldine go out of her house with her friend. She was almost too scared at the event annoyance- of the earl to feel the pride she otherwise would have done at the fact of his visit. Her cosy little sitting-room had never been so honored before, and 6he would have liked all Bloomsbury to see it. 'Only that I am sure his Lordship was very angry,' she said to her hus band when she told him of the aristo cratic company she had been receiving. ' He was very kind and polite, but I could see that he did not like it. ' ' It was not your fault, old lady, Mr. Mobbs replied with a laugh. ' These fine folks are so mighty particular. The young lady was as safe in our carriage, and with Marion to take care of her, as though she had been in the Templestowe coach with all the earl's powdered flunkies to wait upon her.' 'Safer,' was Mra. Mobb'a reply. ' I havn't much faith in such smart servants.' The earl was far from satisfied. He was hardly used to Marion Judd's independence of action. ' Can you give me no idea where the young ladies have gone to,' he asked again ; ' nor how they went ?' 'Oh, they went quite comfortably, my lord,' Mrs. Mobbs said, much re lieved. She was quite easy on that score, at any rate. ' Marion asked for the carriage, and the servants went with them.' This was so far satisfactory, at any rate, and Lord Templestowe felt con siderably relieved. The girls were not rushing about London in a cab, as his wife seemed to fear. ' Will you kindly ask your servants if they can tell me where the ladies drove to ?' he said, with the utmost politeness. I really must find my daughter. I came expressoly to take her home.' vciuuiuji, aiy luru. She rang the bell, and a neat servant girl answered it. The required information was forth coming in a few minutes. The cook had heard the address given to the coach man. The earl felt a linost frightened when he heard it. ' I thank yoa very much for the trouble you have taken,' he said. 'I will go there at once. But whatever my daughter can want at such a place, I cannot imagine.' 'No harm. I am sure of that, my lord,' the good lady remarked. ' She is with our Marion, and she is quite safe. The earl felt as though he were not so sure of that as Mrs. Mobbs was as his carriage went rattling over the stones to a more plebeian quarter than even Bloomsbury. The Edgeware-road is not very aristo cratic, and thither had Marion and Geraldine betaken themselves. 'Archbutt's family hotel, Edgeware road,' was the address given him, and he found it a place of the usual stamp in such localities — a fair family hotel, sufficiently clean and respectablelook ing, but not at all the place where a peer's daughter would be likely to have acquaintances. ' I am afraid Miss Jndd is not bo dis creet as we thought her,' he said to himself. I shall have; to forbid Geral dine having anything to do with her.' A neat carriage was standing at the door, which he found was Mr. Mobbs's aad he went into the house, little dreaming of the surprise that awaited him there. Lady Geraldine was hardly less dis conceited than her father at the neigh borhood into which she was taken to see her brother. She was quite unused toanyquarterbutthe West-End, except when she went to look after servants or on charitable missions with or for her mother, and the ideaof her brother living there was terrible to her. ' Whatever made him come here ?' she said to Marion. ' Surely there are better hotels than this where he mijght have stayed.' ' Plenty.' Marion replied. ' But this is one where no one would think of looking for Lord Fourness. You forget. He does not know that he can come home safely.' 'True,' Geraldine replied, with a little shiver. She was not an affected young lady, but she was doing an unaccustomed thing, and it seemed to her as though all the world must know she, Geraldine I 1 astinga, was entering a strange hotel without an escort of the opposite sex after dark. As the two girls stepped out of the carriage, a woman dressed in black, and closely veiled, came nastily down the steps. She passed quite close to them, and she seemed to be in some grief or fright. They could hear her moaning to herself as she brushed past them, with her cloak drawn tightly round her and her head bowed down upon her breast. Lady Geraldine uttered a slight ex clamation of surprise. 'Look, Marion, look!' she exclaimed. ' Do you see who that is ?' ' No, dear. Who is it ?'' ' Mrs. Challis !' ' Impossible !' ' I am sure of it. What can she be doing here ?' ? ' I think yon must be mistaken. But if you are not, Mrs. Challis is a strange woman. There can be no accounting for her actions. Wait for us, if you please,' she added to the servant. We shall not be long.' They were somewhat coolly received by the waiter, who told them flatly that they could not see Mr. Hill, for that his orders were strict. ' I can't let you go up, ladies— indeed, I can't,' he said. ' Mr. Hll is a most extraordinary gentleman, and I have had pome very hard words from him already about letting a lady up. The person said she came by appointment, when it was no such thing.' ' Take up my card, if you please,' Marion said, haughtily. ' I have no appointment, but Mr. Hill will see me.' The man retired, somewhat abashed by her manner, and presently returned, and asked them to walk up. Leonard was sitting in a moody fashion over the fire, and hardly lifted his head to greet his visitor. He was just framing some words of welcome when, to bis amazement, a pair of Boft arms were thrown around his neck, and be was kissed rapturously by a pair of warm lips. ' Leonard ! dear Leonard !' said a voice in his ear. And he started np, to fold his sister in his arms, and give her back kiss for kiss, in wondering delight. ' Jerry ! dear Jerry !' he exclaimed. I need not ask how you came to be here. But was it wise, Marion ? Is it safe t' ' Qnite safe, dear Leonard,' Geraldine replied. ' Marion has betrayed no con fidence. I met her by accident.' 'Y«u won't, betray me, little siste will you ? You know what will happen if I tm caught.' ' Nothing will happen, dear.' 'Nothing. What do yon meaaP' ' Just what I say. Papa told me so. It is all settled somehow. I don't understand how. You must come home with me.' Leonard shook his head. He could not quite believe in such good fortune as that. He thought his sister did not understand the nature of affairs. ' I don't think it would do to try it,' he said, sadly. ' It would £ear !' she answered, come and see papa.' ' Does he ever speak of me ?' Lord Fourness aBked. 'I fancied I was tabooed subject in the house.' ' So you were once, but not now. We never really knew what papa thought of you till lately— till poor Fourness died. Leonard, believe me, he would give his fortune almost to have you back. He said so to me.' ' I can't believe it,' the young man said, It seems too good to be true. I came back expecting to find the country too hot to hold me, and you two come like beneficent fairies, and tell me there is no danger.' ' There is none, indeed, Lord Four nesa,' Marion s*id, gently. ' It is past.' ' I don't think papa would have said so to me,' Geraldine added, ' unless he felt sure of it.' 'I don't know, child. He thought I was dead when he said it. That was a different matter altogether .' ' He meant it, though. He said he would give his whole fortune to have you back. Oh, what i8 that?' she added, as the noise of voices made itself heard outside the door, and the waiter once more protested that he could not admit anyone. ' It is papa. However did he find out ?' It was indeed Lord Templestowe, who, after a brief and angry colloquy with the waiter outside, flung the door open, and stalked into the room. ' I know my daughter ia here,' he began, and then stopped in amazement, Jn spite of the rough attire and the beard which covered the lower part of the face, he recognised hie son in a moment.' ' Leonard !' he gasped, hardly able to speak. ' Yea my lord— Leonard,' the young man replied. ' I have come back.' He waited for a moment as if doubt ful what his welcome might be, but he was not left to doubt long.' Lord Templeetowe held out his hand, and then gathering his son close to him, he bowed his head on his shoulder, and burst into tears. The shock had been too great, and the proud old nobleman was quite broken down. Marion Judd took the opportunity of the agitation to slip quietly out of the room. There was nothing for her to do there now, and her tears of happiness fell fast when she was once more in the carriage and driving through the dark streets. The three she had left did not miss her for a little while — they were so absorbed in their mingled feelings at the reunion, and then Leonard told his father how she had come to town solely to try and settle matters for him, and to break the news of his arrival in £ng land to Geraldine and her mother. ' Heaven bless her ?' the earl said, fervently, ' and repay her for all her goodness, for nothing that I can ever do can recompense her.' 