A CLEVER RUSE OF A THIEF. It may not be generally known that M. Adolphe Badin, the historian, has written an interesting work on St. Petersburg, in the course of which he relates a curious gbosc story connected with the Imperial Family, which caused great tensation among tho credulous n few years ago and which still affords food for gossip. It took place in the Church of St. Isaac, which contains, among other relics, a statue of the Holy Virgin, covered with precious jewels offered up to her by the faithful. It appears that not long alter the death oi Alexander II. a peasant was interrupted in bis prayers by the sudden appearance of a phantom which rose before him. It was that ol the assassinated Emperor, who wore the same blood-stained mantle as that which he had on the moment of his deoth. The spectre walked slowly to the statue, knelt down, prayed for a few minutes and then vanished. The peasant, though stricken with terror, was able to follow the movements of the mysterious visitor, and telt sure he was not drr-aming. Still trembling he described his adventure to the verger of the church, who shrugged his shoulders and said he must have been druDk at the time and bad taken bis visions for realities. The verger nevertheless reported the event to his supe> riors, who n&tuiaily; laughed at him. But on the following day the ghost reappeared. Again he advanced towards the statue and prayed, raising his hands towards Heaven. This time (tie verger was there, and confessed that the peasant had not made a fool of him. He did not, however, lose his bead, and, though afraid to approach tbe phantom himself, he cailed in some of his colleagues, who, like him, Lit stupefied at the sight. The Czar seemed to cast a sorrowful glance at them, and then disappeared behind a pillar. The witnesses of this strange scene made their declaration to the Grand Marshal ot the Court swearing to tbe truth of what they had seen. On the next day the same apparition occurred. Oa t bis occasion the spec're net only prayed to the Holy Virgin, but also walked round the church lefore vanishing. No doubt could now be entertained on the subjact—tbe soul of Alexander II. was tormented, and needed more prayers aad tapers to release him from purgatory. The news wa6 borne to the Court, wfiere, it is hardly necessary to say, it created deep astonishment. At first it did not encoontsr absolute incredulity. The members ol the Holy Synod were consulted, and they promised to inquire into the matter. But Alexander III. lost no time in expressing his indignation that credence should be given to such a story, which was an insult to the memory oi his father. He sent for one of his deteclives, in whose skill and fidelity he had the greatest confidence, and ordered him to clear up the mystery. The detective went to the church, and hiding himself behind a pillar, waited for the result. In due course, the phantom appeared once more, and as on previous occasions, directed his steps towards the statue. The detective, although not a superstitious man, felt somewhat nneasy. lie had served Alexander 11, and eeemed to see him again as he was on the dny of his assassination, with his face bathed in blood and suffering excruciating agony. The ghost prayed longer at the statue than usual. The detective, mustering up all bis courage, glided softly toward it, but it moved further away. Instinctively the detective glanced at the statue, and discovered that manv of the most valuable jewels were wanting. This fact at once opened his eyes, and he dashed after the phantom, which turned out to be something more substantial than a vision. The next second it was struggling to release itself from the detective's grip, but in vain. It was simply a thief, who, tn lowed with considerable imagination and audacity, had conceived the idea of robbing the relics in tbe midst of tbe terror caused by his apparition as the Emperor's ghoBt. He was taken to prison, and eventually tried and condemned ia secret—at least, so the legend runs. 