FLINDERS-STREET AND LANE. BY "THE VAGABOND." Rivers cause the rise of great cities. Waterways mould the lives of men and of nations. The Yarra was the reason of the existence of Melbourne. The city commences on its banks and runs from thence northward, crowned with spires and towers and tall chimneys. Flinders-street, which skirts its northern bank, may be compared to the Bund at Shanghai. It aptly bears the name of the great and ill-fated Australian navigator. At its western end Flinders-street is a very busy thoroughfare. But following the sun and the "course of Empire," we will commence our journey along Flinders-street from the East. No more picturesque view in Melbourne than this from the corner of Spring and Flinders streets. Due east are the gardens, the willow's now bursting into leaf with the fulfilment of spring: skirting these the tram line disappears towards Richmond. Jolimont shows upconspicuously, Messrs. Fenton's red-brick warehouse giving a touch of color to the landscape. Beyond the railway lines is the river, South Yarra sloping towards its banks. One can pick out the houses of wealthy citizens. The spire of Christ Church forms a land mark around Melbourne. Government House shows up prominently to the south, land at this season of the year, south and east there is everywhere verdure. Trees and shrubs and gardens fair surround the distant houses. The "new leaf and new life" of the plants proclaim the promise of summer, of that fruition of their existence which is an eternal protest against lasting death. The first building in Flinders-street is the private hospital conducted by Miss Espinasse, the daughter of Captain Espinasse, so long and honorably known in connection with the Port. Miss Espinasse studied nursing at the Alfred Hospital at the same time as my friend Dr. Amy Castillo. She was afterwards at Dr. Fitzgerald's hospital before starting this nursing borne on her own account, independent of any particular medical man or medical school. That is what this place is, a "home" in which one is nursed. I am quite content at present to survey the scenery from the drawingroom windows, but should I become sick unto death I know no better place in which to wrestle with disease than Miss Espinasse's. Besides this lady's experience, you have the advantage of the ministrations of nurses Kathleen, Maud and Elaine, graduates of the Melbourne Hospital, the two last named being especially commended to the patients of that lover of Tennyson, Dr. Springthorpe. If I am over to be nursed here I think I should like all three of these ladies at my bedside. I know something of the inside life at Miss Espinasse's hospital, for I have visited friends laid up here. Last year, when I went to Tasmania, my dearest chum lay insensible here, and I never thought to see him again. He now writes me that he is "going strong" and as well as ever he was in his life. Certainly his convalescence, may be credited in the first place to the nursing at Miss Espinasse's. The other day I visited a smart young Mildura planter here. He had suffered an attack of rheumatic fever, but had been nursed so thoroughly that he was speedily able to leave. No one could be more enthusiastic respecting the care and attention received than this Man from Mildura. The fame of Miss Espinasse and her nurses will be sounded throughout the Mallee. The Australian Church is the first prominent public building in Flinders- street. On the 19th March, 1887, the foundation stone of this church was laid by Sir William Clarke with masonic ceremonies, and on the 3rd December of the same year it was opened for worship. It is seated to accommodate about 1300 people. The architect was Mr. Salway. A fine organ, the largest manufactured in Australia, has been erected by Messrs. Fincham and Co. The first and present minister of the church is the Rev. Charles Strong, D.D. (Glasg.), who has had as his assistants—first, the Rev. Francis Anderson, M.A., now Professor of Philosophy in the University of Sydney, and afterwards the Rev. W.E. Addis, M. A., who quitted the Roman priesthood about seven years ago, and who is now minister of a Unitarian Church in Nottingham. The Rev. Charles Strong was formerly minister of the Scots' Chdrch [sic], Collins-street, to the pastorate of which he received a "call" when minister of Anderston Pariah Church, Glasgow, in 1875. Finding it impossible to remain in the Presbyterian Church of Victoria on account of his "broad church" views which he had imbibed from the latitudinarian Divinity Professors of Glasgow University, with Principal Caird at their head, he resigned the charge of the Scots' Church after nine years of "hot water." After a year spent in Scotland Dr. Strong returned to Australia. Though urged by friends to re-enter the service of the church in Scotland, and to allow himself to be nominated for vacant charges, he refused to do so, having resolved never again to sign a formal church creed. Dr. Strong had almost resolved to devote himself to education, when some of his old friends invited him to preach occasionally on Sunday afternoons in the Temperance Hall. Encouraged by the success of this experiment, a congregation was formally constituted, and Dr. Strong was called to be its minister. The name adopted by the congregation was "The Australian Church," as it was hoped that other congregations would spring up, and that the movement in the direction of unsectarian religion would ultimately spread. By adopting this title all appearance of being simply a new theological sect, it was thought, would be avoided. The "General Basis of Union" was thought broad enough to embrace all the creeds. The real bond of church union was declared to be not a creed, but a common spirit and a common life, and theology was frankly recognised as necessarily changing with the growth of knowledge and experience. The form of ecclesiastical government was left indefinite. Meanwhile it is congregational, but should other conregations spring up, some form of union, "representative and elective," would doubtless be adopted; "due regard being had to liberty of conscience and congregational freedom." The Australian Church has one of the largest congregations in Melbourne, and connected with it are various organisations, such as a Religious Science Club for the systematic study and friendly discussion of the religious problems of the day, a Social Improvement and Children's Aid Society, a Ladies' Reading Club, a Literary Society and Young Peoples' Religious Class. The energy which might otherwise be expended in fighting theological battles goes out in practical work among the poor, among neglected children and in social reform. Among the good works with which the church has been identified is the foundation of the first Crèche in Melbourne. Collingwood Crèche was started by Mrs. Strong and carried out successfully by the ladies of the congregation. The Religious Science Club invites ministers of the [?] denominations to lecture, and the pulpit is open to all, having been occupied by Wesleyans. Congregationalist, Unitarian, and Presbyterian Laymen are occasionally asked to occupy the pulpit. Although the Australian Church [?] be called " flourishing," and the build is frequently quite filled by large congregations, it is hampered by £12,000 of debt contracted in the prosperous days of Melbourne. This means £600 of interest to be paid annually. The congregation has a few wealthy members who subscribe liberally, but the majority are not of the wealthy class. The church cannot be said to be a "fashionable" one. The Socialistic and Democratic tendencies of the present [?] prevent it from being so, and have probably helped to alienate the wealthy. In addition his church work, Dr. Strong has since the in[?]tion of the Australian Church edited a [?] religious monthly. An appeal has lately been issued to non-churchgoers, and to those who can no longer accent the old creeds, to [?] in the movement towards a wider and more practical interpretation of Christianity. There is one noteworthy thing about the Australian Church. You see more bald headed [?] here than in any other congregation in Melbourne. You also have excellent music. When one remembers that Madame Melba sang in the choir of the Scots' Church under Dr. Strong's ministration you are not surprised at the [?] standard of the voices possessed by the young ladies of the Australian Church Choir. [?] only place of worship at resembling which I have known was "the Church of [?] Saviour," in Birmingham, presided over [?] many years by my dear friend Mr. George D[?]son. Going westward, we soon get amongst the business houses. The clothing factor Messrs. Wm. Bowley and Son was established 22 years ago by Mr. Wm. Bowley, who purchased the hnsiness and building from Mr. F. T. Sa[?] (now Sir Frederick). The quaint title of the firm was then Bowley, Son and Daughter. In 1893 Mr. Wm. Bowley retired from the firm, the proprietors now being all the members of his family and Miss Ada Clarke. The [?] article of manufacture is mole trousers, there being ample spae, plant and appliances to make 3000 pairs per week, this quantity actually being reached some time ago during a [?] rush. Slop clothing of every description is made. Every detail and stage of manufacture on the premises is so complete that an order for 20 men's suits has been received and executed in less than 12 hours. Contracts for mil[?] clothing are also taken with the Government [?] this firm, at the present moment one room being filled with khaki jackets in various stages of manufacture for the Permanent Artillery, stationed at Queenscliff, for their summer o[?]. One of the most important branches of the establishment is the bespoke or order department, which has increased to a large extent lately. In this division high class tailoring of every description is turned out under the direction of the head of the firm; he has two c[?] six tailors and a number of tailoresses under him; a specialty being clerical garments [?] dress suits of a superior class, Mr. Isaac [?]ley is general manager and Mr. E. D. C[?] factory manager. Miss Ada Clarke manages the office, and is accountant and cashier. With this lady and with Mr. Bowley I exchanged reminiscences of Derby and Nottingham. [?] pleasing feature in this establishment is [?] absence of heat and dirt. The workrooms are snaeious and well ventilated, and there is no "sweating " amongst the hands in any sense of the word. "Bowley's" is in fact a [?] clothing factory. Walk a little further westward and we [?] to another fine building. The business [?] Schuhkrafft was originally founded by M[?] W. Schuhkrafft in 1853 for the manufactur[?] and printing of paper bags, tea wrappers [?] calico bags for storekeepers, grocers, dra[?] fruiterers, &c.; The rapid growth of the co[?] soon demanded an extension of the business. Importing, stationery and account book manufacturing were accordingly added, making [?] important adjunct to this now extensive [?] growing concern, having representatives all [?] Viotoria and in the eastern and western colonies. The present handsome and commodious premises were built a few years ago by the enterprise of Mrs. Schuhkrafft, who is the [?]er of this extensive business, where a number of both sexes are engaged in a cleanly and healthy occupation. The establishment of this industry has done much toward fostering and [?]ending our colonial manufactures, as here may be seen immense stacks of paper, the out[?] of colonial mills, which are distributed in the form of paper bags, far and wide, even to [?] Fiji, making an important addition to [?] wage earners of the city. A visit to [?] establishment affords a splendid object lesson to those interested in our commercial and material progress. Mr. [?]es Kelly, the manager, Mrs. Schuhkrafft [?] being in Europe, courteously affords me [?]ry information as the lift takes us from floor floor in this hive of industry, One colonial industry which for some time flourished in Flinders-street east is now defunct [?] this locality. A very amusing story is told [?] of the opening of the stone works here, Governor Sir Henry Barkly officiated, and [?]r playing with a lever which started the machinery adjourned to an old warehouse on [?] ground where a champagne luncheon was [?]. From the earliest days of Victoria it has been the custom to associate champagne with [?]gal functions. In this shed were a number of empty gin cases, empty at least as [?] as bottles wont, but still retaining [?] seed and husk packing. One of the plagues of Egypt had settled here. Fleas by the hundred and the thousand bopped out of these [?]s and attacked the guests. The toasts were cut short. Everyone fled. The Governor went home in a "jingle," and undressed in the stables. Now stone works and Governor and jingles have departed. The last of these latter conveyances I saw was in Fiji. Mr. J. S. Butters is my authority for this and other amusing stories of earlier days. At the bottom of Russell-street is a footbridge across the railway lines, and steps leading to the platform of Princes-bridge station. From this footbridge, if you are not removed by authority for loitering, you will get a good view of the life and bustle on the station platform below. Westward the railway lines stretch out to pleasant suburbs, and beyond into the heart of the mountains and far off Gippsland. You here get a full idea of the suburban railway traffic and the number of the trains which arrive and depart from this and Flinders-street station. How many people are there who remember this as the terminus of the Melbourne and Suburban Railway Company? This line ran from Princes-bridge station to Windsor, and thence to St. Kilda. It was a ruinous concern for the shareholders. My old friend, Mr. Patrick Higgins, lost £60,000 on the shares which he took as payment for his contract. It passed into the hands of the Hobson's Bay Railway Company. The Windsor and St. Kilda branch was discontinued. Then the Government acquired the properties of the latter company, and Princes-bridge has become a chief station for suburban traffic. The railway reserve stretches from Flinders-street to the road bordering the Yarra. The ground here is historic. The first "Government House" in Victoria was on this site. Whenever I wish to know anything special of the early history of the colony I appeal to Mr. John J. Shillinglaw. He is a veritable bank of information, at which my cheques are always honored. In this connection Mr. Shillinglaw writes to me, "Latrobe's old cottage stood on what now is the railway reserve opposite the end of Russell-street. It was pulled down and sold, and I believe the remains were purchased by some worthy old colonist, and re-erected somewhere up country. I am sorry I cannot say where, or I would gladly help you to perpetuate the final fate of the house of the 'Good Latrobe,' whose memory has been scandalously neglected, and whose statue should be in tho Fitzroy Gardens." I quite agree with Mr. Shillinglaw that our first Lieutenant-Governor has had but scant respect paid to him. All over Victoria I have come on traces of the hard work done by Mr. Latrobe. Travel was very different in those days to what it is now, when his Excellency has merely to jump into a luxurious special train, and be whirled away a hundred miles to attend a banquet and make a pretty speech and back to Melbourne the same night. Before Lieutenant-Governor Latrobe the first representative of British law in Melbourne was Captain Lonsdale, who assumed office as resident magistrate in 1837, Mr. Latrobe arriving two years later. The letter's house, on the present railway reserve, must have been considered to be quite in the bush. Captain Lonsdale's house was at the extreme west end of what we now call Little Collins-street. There is an admirable picture of it in the Melbourne public gallery. It is a small water color sketch, made in 1840 by Robert Hoddle, who was then Surveyor-General. It forms one of a set of early Melbourne views by the same artist which the trustees of the Public Library obtained from Mr. J. J. Shillinglaw. The Cathedral of the Anglican Church dedicated to St. Paul is on the east corner lot of Flinders and Swanston streets. It is a most eligible site for business purposes, and the business point of view, caused its erection in this place. This Cathedral, like St. Patrick's, might have crowned one of the heights to east or west of the city. But then it would not have been no convenient for business, that is for worshippers. It was, I believe, through the exertions of Bishop Moorhouee that the Cathedral was erected close to the railway stations. As an opportunist the present Bishop of Manchester was unsurpassed. He recognised that Sunday trains were a necessity to bring passengers to swell the Cathedral congregation. And the nearer you got to the station the more chance you had of catching stray worshippers from the suburbs. So this Cathedral stands where it does and fulfils its object. If not on an imposing site like the Collins-street churches or St. Patrick's, the Cathedral stands fitly, as Boaz, flanking the entrance to the city from Princes-bridge. Outwardly it is not very picturesque or imposing, but inside it is really a magnificent structure, well worthy of the grand old church, which, with Rome, claims apostolic succession and power for its priesthood which few people understand. See the "Commination of Sinners" and "Visitation of the Sick." Yet the Church of England seems to me as eclectic as the Australian Church; Charles Kingsley and the north country parson who owned and raced some of the best horses in England were very different types of men, but they alike found shelter in the folds of the church. Early associations make me love its services. I know the ritual from "When the wicked man" to "Now to God the Father." In this Cathedral there is much to interest you besides the worship. The stained glass windows, erected in memory of loved one gone before; the magnificent organ, presented by an old colonist "to the glory of God"; the /sedalia/ inside the altar rails, with Mr. Percival Ball's medallion of Bishop Perry—everything in solid and in keeping with the worship; nothing sordid nor tawdry here. This Cathedral is a place you can proudly show strangers to Melbourne. Its present condition reflects the greatest credit on all who have had control of its destinies. I could linger long over this description of the Cathedral. It is an oasis in the busy city of Melbourne, where you can walk a mile from north to south and a mile from east to west without finding an open space or a seat on which to rest. In this Melbourne is distinct from any other large city in the world. The doors of the cathedral are always open, and one can obtain rest and shade here. In the. hot summer afternoons this is a place for reflection. I have loafed in many cathedrals throughout the world, from Notre Dame in Paris to sacred fanes in South American cities, whose treasures had been carried off by the monks or looted by revolutionists, the altar ornaments now consisting of common china. The most gorgeous cathedral I know in the New World is that at Havanah. It is worth looting, possessing, it is said, a little Madonna of solid gold with diamond eyes. There are iconoclasts in the United States who much wish for a war with Spain, that they may have the chance of invading Cuba and breaking up this image. They would also melt it down. But in no cathedral I have visited have I felt more peaceful than when resting in St. Paul's. Very few people come here between the services. Weary Baggies knows it not. You may have the building all to yourself tor a time until Canon Godfrey comes down the aisle, taking his daily survey of the building he loves so well. No one is more active in the service of the church than Mr. F. Rase Godfrey, the lay canon. It is a labor of love with him. I know him best as president of the Melbourne Hospital committce and as a Charity Commissioner. There are few men with whom I have been associated in my life for whom I have a higher respect than Canon Godfrey. Mr. H. Hine, the head verger, tall and soldierly, will sometimes walk across the chancel casting a stage manager's eye around. I have a talk with him about his native Devon. Then the building is empty again and I lapse into day dreams till I am roused by strains of sweetest music. Mr. Ernest Wood, first of Victorian organists, is practising. A lover of music cannot have a greater treat than to sit in this quiet cathedral and listen to Mr. Wood's playing. Prince's-bridge is a- great outlet from Melbourne. Fifty years ago a punt was here. There are very few people now living, who knew Melbourne 50 years ago. The only one of my acquaintance is my friend the Philosopher of Wedderburn. He writes me:—"Early in January, 1841, I and a fellow apprentice were landed from our ship in a heavy surf at Liardet's Beach, afterwards Sandridge, now Port Melbourne. Liardot had the only house there which was an hotel. The supercargo landed with us and we tramped to Melbourne, and crossed the Yarra to Flinders-street by a punt near the present Prince's-bridge. We boys ware left at the Steam Packet Hotel, which was, I think, the only one in Flinders-street, and told to remain there until the super, returned. We waited until nearly closing time, but he did not turn up,, and we then persuaded an old fallow to put us across the Yarra again in his dingey. By this time the punt was closed for the night. We were landed amongst the ti-tree, with which all the land between Melbourne and Sandridge was then covered, and started to walk to the beach. It was very dark, and we soon found ourselves wading through swamps, with a pleasant feeling that the next step would be over head in water. After about two hours of this work we saw lights ahead which we supposed to be Liardet's, but presently found ourselves once more on the bank of the river, the lights being on the other side. We had, in the usual new chum fashion, been walking in a circle. My mate proposed staying where we were until daylight, but as we were wet to the skin it was decided to make another attempt, and this time, though we did not reach the beach, we found a brick kiln in full blast, somewhere, I imagine, about the foot of Emerald Hill. Here we rested until morning, and then found our way to the beach and got aboard again. My remembrance of Flinders-street is that it was full of stumps, with a few gum trees still standing, and I recollect that a creek ran down Elizabeth-street to the river, crossing which a bullock dray had a difficult passage." The Steam Packet Hotel by its name was quite up to date, as my informant further writes. "On our way down the river in a schooner about three weeks afterwards, we met the first steamer coming up, a little high pressure boat called the Governor Arthur." The punt was early replaced by the old wooden Prince's-bridge, which has given place to the present elegant structure, without doubt one of the finest and most commodious city bridges in the world. Early in the fifties settlement began at South Yarra and St. Kilda. Between the latter place and Melbourne there was nothing but ti-tree scrub and waste land. I remember Mr. Sydney James telling me in Dunedin how every morning he rode across country from the Prince of Wales Hotel, St. Kilda, to town, returning the same way at night. The St. Kilda-road, such as it was, was in those days a dreary place after nightfall. The police patrol, which left Richmond Barracks each evening, divided at the corner of Flinders and Spring streets. Half rode to the top of Bourke-street, and from thence patrolled to Collingwood, or, as I am reminded it was then called, "Newtown." Half rode along Flinders-street, and, crossing Prince's bridge, patrolled to St. Kilda. Close to Prince's-bridge was the pumping station which supplied early Melbourne with water. The Yarra writer was pumped up to the tanks on the Eastern Hill, and thence reticulated. But in the suburbs tank water was used, and water carts paraded the streets, reminding one of those in Italian cities with the drivers' cry or "/Aqua fresca!/" From Swanston-street westward there are numerous establishments devoted to satisfying the lusts of the flesh. They remind me very much of what you see around the termini of London railway stations, King's Cross and Waterloo to wit. They live on the passing traveller, the man who comes and goes and never returns. Oyster shops, fruit shops, tobacconists, restaurants, public houses all are alike avoided by the Londoner. No one thinks of buying a pair of boots or any article of drapery in a store near a railway station—that is, no one who is an old traveller or to the manor born. It is the passing stranger who supports these places. As I walk along tills block I am more than over struck with the difference between Melbourne and London. In Flinders-street shops one gees everything of the best to eat and drink for the price. And the price is far below what you would pay in London. One of the best cafés in the city is in Flinders-street. And some of tho most important businesses are carried on here. One of the premier mercantile houses in Australasia is represented in Flinders-street in the warehouse of Messrs. Sargood, Butler and Nichol. "Our firm," says Mr. Henry Butler to me as we sit in his pleasant office in Flinders-street, was founded by the late Mr. F. J. Sargood in 1850\. The founder of the firm died in 1871, Mr. F. T., now Sir F. T., Sargood, K.C.M.G., becoming senior partner. In 1879 the business was amalgamated with Martin, Butler and Nichol, the style of the new firm being as at present, the partners being Sir F. T. Sargood, Mr. H. Butler and Mr. B. Nichol. In 1886 Mr. F. G. Sargood was admitted as junior partner." This is the largest softgoods firm in Australasia, and one of the largest in the world, the business having lately increased to an extent the founders little thought of. It has branches at Dunedin, Auckland, Wellington and Christchurch, in New Zealand; and at Ballarat and Perth, West Australia, and has just purchased in Sydney the old established business of Robert Gray and Co. The London office is the largest in the Australian trade. Sargood, Butler and Nichol have a fine pile of warehouses in Flinders-street. But the outside is nothing to what one sees inside. The highest of the five flat the packing department. Like the others below it is as long as a great rope walk, and lighted like Juliens studio in Paris. Should ever a foreign enemy come here and desire to quarter a few thousand mon or so it is probable they will make application for such a highly desirable residence as these flats would prove. A packing department does not lend itself to prose poetry as readily as a patch of summer landscape with peacocks and swans in the foreground, but it is quite as conducive to meditation. Here are thousands of cases, ranging from those the size of a glove box to others in which you could pack a 10s.-a-week boom cottage—if you knocked off the top chimney bricks. There are most valuable things in the cases (I suppose that no one will deny that a 100 guinea piano is valuable), yet I am strangely attracted by the sight of 10 dozen little wheel barrows painted with Whistlerish daring. A Geelong man has bought them, and is going to "bear" the Geelong market, selling at 1s. each. They are strong, well made barrows, but I'm glad I don't live in Geelong. I know the whole 120 children, who will possess a barrow apiece before the week is out, would run them madly up and down the asphalt in front of my house. Another sight—a unique one this—is a Custom Home officer lounging at the end of a quarter of a mile of silk while one of the employes cuts the silk into ties—men's ties. These customs officials have no more simple faith than they nave Norman blood. If they have not ocular demonstration to the contrary, Dr. Wollaston would go to his grave under the impression that this absurdly long piece of silk had been made into dresses for women instead of ties for men. The department for toys, useful articles and light ironmongery is under the management of Mr. Tatton. The amateur, for one, does not envy him, and hopes that the fact of keeping count of a thousand various "lines," varying from enamelled saucepans to dolls' shoes, will never compel him to interview the Master in Lunacy although Mr. Prout Webb is a very nice man to meet. This firm is the only agent in Australia for Kirk's soaps. They are in this department, and one longs to get one's face dirty so as to have an excuse for using one of the perfumed tablets. Another interesting item is ladies' hair. It is an awful thing to think that all the beautiful hair we see is not native and to the wearer grown, but still soothing to remember that if art is sometimes superior to nature the latter ought not to complain if she is sometimes shunted Thomas Hardy's latest heroine has "adjustable" hair and optional dimples, and with their [?]d marries two men and "mashes" several others. This hair on the second flat is in all shades, and very prettily worked up. The grey, it appears, is quite 50 per cent. dearer than the many locks of youth. There is a table covered with shilling games. Inventive genius of the mathematical order must be plentiful somewhere, judging by the really clever games that come out year after year. The inventor of "Ludo " ought to have a little fame, yet I never so much as heard of a young lady writing to him for his autograph. I intend to send the materials for the game to young friends in West Australia. As they play it round the [?] camp fires out in the sandalwood forests, they will call me blessed, and when they come on a reef of pure gold will make me a large shareholder. Baskets, perfumery, brushware, combs, from the currycomb to the poll[?]omb The collection of balls is great. There [?] the famous " springbok," which has more [?]ounce than 40 members of Parliament or a deputation of female teetotallers. In the [?]atter of toys infantile Australia in destructive, [?]ence the firm keep a mammoth stock of dolls, [?]imic animals and engines on hand. Lower down, where Mr. Streeton reigns over the Art Department, we find the choicest work of the victorious Japs, alongside the triumphs of the defeated Chinese, flurio hunters would [?]e being let loose here. There are Buddhas' and all sorts of strange demons and masks and carved bamboos. "Why does not some extremely rich person have a Feast of Lanterns after the manner of an Oriental potentate? There is every style and color of lantern here. All we await is the feast. The quaint fans and umbrellas make one think of Mandarin processions and chrysanthemum festivals and the Light of Asia. An entirely new thing this year is the porcelain garden seat. They must look very picturesque dotted about a lawn. The floor devoted to millinery and flowers in one of the most attractive departments in this wonderful warehouse of Messrs. Sargood and Butler. Mr. Temby, who is the boss here, lives in surroundings of sheeny ribbon and masses of artificial flowers. A woman would be delighted with the show here, and even men can admire its beauty. Flowers, this coming summer, will be worn of the brightest shades, but, strangely enough, they are all made rather, withered looking, which increases the resemblance to the real article. The newest style of ribbons have an "impression" or a "harmony" of contrasting colors. Everything this season is "shot"—ribbons, straws and silks. Hero are Paris hats, which, transferred to retail dealers, will be bought to decorate fair wearers on the Lawn at Flemington, and at Lady Brassey's garden parties. Children's hats, however, still remain simple, buttercup straws are most in vogue. In the trimming department, where Mr. Webb presides, there is another rare show. Here are beautiful garnitures of jet, jewelled and hand painted buttons, bolt clasps, copied from ancient Grecian and Roman models in the British Museum. There are all sorts of handsome things adopted for wedding presents, but which one can only look at and admire here, as they have to pass through the hands of the retail dealer before coming into the possession of private individuals. The establishment of Messrs. Lincoln, Stuart and Co. Limited, importers and outfitters, is a feature in this part of Flinders- street. The great feature of the large trade established by this firm is the "bringing the consumer into direct communication with the producer." Lincoln, Stuart and Co. are importers and manufacturers on a large scale, but instead of selling to the shopkeepers they sell directly to the public, who benefit enormously by being enabled to select from a huge stock at wholesale rates. They buy their woollens straight from the old world manufacturers, or from the mills here, and being large buyers are able to secure concessions in price, which they in turn give again to the public. They assert unhesitatingly that Victorians are the "best dressed people in Australia," and that men's clothing is sold cheaper in Victoria than in any other colony. This firm does considerable trade in New South Wales, paying the New South Wales duty and delivering the goods free of charge, and then easily beating the Sydney clothiers. Upwards of 200 hands are employed, and a vast quantity of material used every year. Mention may be made of the seven and sixpenny hats of the firm, which are almost as extensively advertised as the two guinea suits; and mention may also be made of the "eight and ninepenny umbrella," name engraved on plate and all included. Some of the hats are imported from Christie's, of London; but it is a matter of satisfaction to know that the whole of the umbrellas are of colonial workmanship and are made in Melbourne. The firm do the largest umbrella trade in the city, and with pride impart the information that those articles are fully equal to any English umbrella as to price, durability and general finish. And then, you see, you can besides "have your name thrown in." The value of this is incalculable. Very few, men have their names on their umbrellas; very many either lose or have them stolen. If is a remarkable fact, but nevertheless true, that your umbrella thief of "respectable" society never steals an umbrella with the owner's name on it. Otherwise, it is with them "a thing without a name," and as a nameless, ownerless kind of lost property is annexed accordingly without remorse or hesitation. Flinders-street station is a great railway heart. Only for five hours out of 24 does it cease to throb and leave its miles of steel arteries at peace. Before dawn its messengers are fed with wood and coal and water and sent on their way with burdens of life and stores, and presently others arrive which have been so fed hundreds of miles away, bringing freight, human and otherwise, so the heart begins to pulse again. Largo groups of people in movement are like the sea, inasmuch as one does not soon weary of gazing upon them. The character of the arrivals and departures vary with the changing hours of the day. In the yet early morning the platform's salient features are workmen and ranks of milkcans. Then come the host of city workers to factory and warehouse. A little later follow the men who own factory and warehouse, and with them those who represent what are called the learned professions. They pour out of the barrier gates, morning papers in hand, and spend the day with the idea, "Mankind is a damned rascal, therefore I must meet him on his own level," unspoken, but at the back of their consciousness. Later still come the ladies well dressed, carefully coiffed. They run against acquaintances who are going book after having been to a registry office to see about a servant or "renovator." They stop and exchange news and complaints. One has tickets for an artist's something or other, a second is trying to work up a Charity Ball, and a third asks why do people go to lectures? and tells that she has tickets for that kind of thing, and that she will have to take the price of them out of the housekeeping money. A bell rings. The platform is crowded with fresh faces, a guard nails, "Hurry up hero please, piles of luggage are run along on trollies, comers and goers jostle each other, carriage doors are banged with that nerve shattering force of which railway men are masters, and for a space the platforms look strangely deserted. As is usual, it is the individual forms of a mass that interest us more than the comprehensive survey of the whole. We wonder whether the lady with the two children, very juvenile nurse maid, the trolly load of bare household necessaries, with the house dog tied behind, will like that three-roomed cottage she has taken on Brighton Beach. She has got it cheaper by taking it some months earlier than the "season." Paterfamilias sees his family off. He tries not to look delighted, for his wife is sympathising with him in his coming bachelor misery. A lady with W.C.T.U. writ large all over her lifts to wait for her train, so she sits down and unrolls a large niece of wool crochet work. It is train work only. She does it while waiting or travelling, so that, no precious moment may be lost. And the old man nursing the sleeping infant; one feels sure that he is a market gardener. He got that hard faced, old young woman by his side for a housekeeper when his youngest daughter married. But as she didn't like being "a' hordered about," and as she suited him, he married her, and the infant is the result. Sometimes a laughing troop surrounding a guilty looking young man and shamefaced young woman come on the platform, and certain signs as to dress and flora signify that a pair have been through what do Maupassant calls that "solemn and comical act which so disturbs mankind, and brings with it so much mirth, suffering and tears." Of other types the school girl is interesting. Excepting that her hair is down and her skirt short she is dressed like her sister, who came out three seasons ago. She is well developed and rather conscious looking, and if a nice school boy "who lives her way" does not come along to carry /Ollendorf's Method/ and the exercise books it will be strange. The Army and Navy Store in Westminster is a place dear to the masculine as well as to the female heart. In all London you cannot elsewhere get the best of everything at the minimum of cost. In Melbourne the Mutual Store fills the place occupied by the Army and Navy in London. The many carriages which from 10 o'clock till 5 draw up at its door show the class of customers who come here. "We do not profess to sell cheap things," I am told. ''What we do profess is to sell the best of everything at a cheap rate." It seems as if you could buy almost everything at the Mutual Store. It is quite a show to walk through the premises. Man, wife and child can be clothed from head to heel in the latest fashion We furnish our households with choicest linen and plated wares. We can buy drugs and toys here, and if we deal with the Mutual Store we need have few tradespeople calling at our houses. The best of groceries are purchased here. Mildura dried fruits and American canned delicacies are side by side. Here only in Melbourne can I procure the toothsome "succotash," and the "sweet corn" of Virginia, which are indispensable articles in compounding a "Brunswick Stew." Fresh fruit, lollies and cakes please both old and young. There is a tea room upstairs for the ladies, and a cellar where Paterfamilias can purchase his wines and spirits either by the dozen, the gallon, or a single bottle. There is a Talisker whisky here which I am informed on good authority is a thing to dream of. Everything you buy is of the best, and a shade cheaper than what you will pay elsewhere. And on the principle that "mony a mickle makes a muckle," it is this shade of cheapness which makes the Mutual Store dear to Toorakia and brings carriages to its doors. Those who are not shareholders in the Mutual Store are served on the same terms. Members of the general public are invited to deal here with cash in their hands. Hosie's Café, at the western corner of Elizabeth and Flinders streets, occupies the best site in the city for an establishment of its kind. Elizabeth-street is the great artery for business men of all sorts, from the offices and warehouses in the west to Flinders- street station, and the St. Kilda and Port Melbourne and Brighton lines. From five to six o'clock there is a continual stream of traffic past this corner. And much of it does not pawn, but is arrested at the bars of Hosie's, now owned by Messrs. Barbeta and Parer. The bars of this hotel strangely remind me of London. The people here come to drink, and they devote themselves to business. In the front bar there are orders of "Half and half," " Two ales," "Long colonial," "Foster's lager." The drinks are poured down thirsty throats, whose owners then make for the train. The restaurant upstairs is, as I have pointed out in /The Age/, one of tho cheapest of its class in Melbourne. There is a nice ladies' boudoir, and the walls are adorned with works of art acquired by Mr. Hosie, who made a fortune by selling Scotch pies and spent it on artists and the Altona Bay Estates. The waiters here are good and attentive. But perhaps the most popular of the three portions of this establishment is the private bar or café downstairs. It is adorned with works of art and Japanese curios. It is the coolest place in Melbourne in the hot weather. There is a bar presided over by demure young ladies who are living examples refuting the slanders uttered by the unco' guid against the poor girls who have to get their living as barmaids. I think a woman should have a better employment than serving liquor to males, but when she can't get it, give her a show and treat her with respect. But the wonder of this room is the free lunch buffet. From noon till night this is crowded with joints. No scraps of funeral baked meats, but whole hams, and legs of mutton and sirloins of beef. Also bread and biscuits, and cheese and salad, and beet root and pickles. You help yourself, and need not go hungry away. It is the most wonderful free lunch I know of in Australia, equal to that at the New Amsterdam Hotel, Now York. You learn a deal of the ways of life when you watch people drinking. Lawyers, bankers, merchants, clerks turn into this bar and take their nobblers. Looking at the crowd of respectable citizens imbibing their whisky in this hotel before taking tho train homewards I conclude that they are the better for it. The one drink invigorates them after the fatigue of the day's bread winning. They get home in a better temper. They don't "hang the fiddle behind the door" when they enter their own houses. They kiss their wives and little ones in a manner which should arouse the admiration of Sir Hartley Williams. Their wives possibly have been in town doing the Block and taking afternoon tea at the Vienna Café or the Mutual Store. They should not grudge their husbands a drink of good whisky. The members of the Victorian Alliance and the Rev. Mr. Edgar may shake their heads at this. I wonder if they ever heard the opinion of the Rev. Dr. Norman M'Leod on whisky. It will not, I expect, be denied that Dr. Norman M'Leod was a good Christian. He said, "Good whisky goes into your mouth like mother's milk, it trickles down your throat, like honey, and when it gets [?] your stomach it warms you like the band gr[?] of a friend." So mote it be! The flower girl and the match boy are the chief nuisance in Melbourne bars at the present time. The former is really a girl, and [?] like her sisters in Florence and Naples, who generally aged, appearing to be cast off fr[?] the ballet. The Melbourne flower girl is in [?] quite a child, her elder sisters getting th[?] living in other ways. Very precocious and v[?] impudent are these children. They hang about outside popular pubs, and follow callow you[?] as he orders whisky and soda from He[?] "Buy a button hole, sir. Buy one for t[?] lady." Hebe will sometimes say, "Run away, you children! We don't allow this her[?] But if the children put on pitiful faces H[?] will often accept a flower from good natur[?] youth. Hebe doesn't want the flower, but [?] sorry for the children. The boys who fo[?] matches under your nose and then whine for [?] penny are worse than the flower girls. But t[?] greatest nuisance of all are the old women wh[?] under the pretence of match selling, b[?] around Melbourno hotels. They are genera[?] Irish, and may be seen on Sunday at [?] Francis. They have fishlike eyes, and t[?] perfume of alcohol hangs about their breat[?]. They shuffle into the bars and thrust th[?] matches before every drinker with a supplicating snivel. They fix you with eyes like those [?] the ghost of Bangor. You give them a coin [?] go away. Kind hearted Hebe sympathises with these old women. I think they make a ve[?] good living at this game. It is presumed [?] necessary that they must live, but they are ve[?] hideous! From Elizabeth-street westward Flinders-street is very dull at night. In fact after [?] o'clock the only animation in this thoroughfare is in the neighborhood of the railway station[?]. But the west ends of Collins and Bourke street are equally dull. Melbourno altogether, with the exception of part of Bourke-street [?] a Saturday night, has for years been a somb[?] city. In this, it is not metropolitan as compared with London, Paris, Naples, Brussels, Vienna, Berlin, New York and San Francisco. In the[?] cities from 6 p.m. to midnight, the inhabitants wake up and crowd the thoroughfare and the cafés, and the theatres, and the music halls, and eat and drink, in common, enjoying laughter and life with little thought of the morrow. It is only in our open air amusements that we [?]ine. The athletic age in Victoria commenced in its very infancy, for in Fawkner's manuscript journal there is an advertisement of a meeting [?] the new racing club. To races, and cricket, and football matches, our people throng by the thousand, and then go home to the suburbs [?]d only very small percentage come into town [?]. They are healthier, if not wiser, for this outdoor recreation, but the man accustomed to the life of the /Boulevardier/ in European cities [?] the difference very striking. But by day Flinders- street westward is full of by traffic. Great drays drawn by stout horses [?] to and from the wharves. The tram cars I oDaJeil. The side walks are filled with passengers. Across the viaduct railway trains speed between the stations at Spencer and Flinders streets. This viaduct is a source of great concern to many who know and many who do not know. When it was being built a very eminent engineer front a sister colony took [?] to view the span across the road leading to the Queen's-bridge. "That is not safe," said [?], "I dare not pass such a structure." We [?]t to Professor Kernot and laid the case before [?]n. The professor said he thought it was all [?]t. It was a case of "doctors differ." But [?], when the Market-buildings are sinking, it becomes a question if the foundation of the [?]ct is safe. If there is any flaw, the per[?] vibration of the trains will increase it. An accident on this viaduct would be a very [?]ational thing. The Custom House occupies the site of the [?]t civilised building in Melbourne. John [?], at the beginning of June, 1835, ex[?]d the Yarra to the Falls. Here was pure [?]h water, just what was wanted for a settlement. Batman wrote in his diary, "This will [?] the place for a village." Then he sailed back [?] Tasmania with the "Jaga-Jaga" deed in his [?]t. But close on his track came the expedition of John Pascoe Fawkner. Now Mr. Fawkner, as a child, had been in Port Phillip [?] board the Calcutta in Colonel Collins's expedition. Last year in Tasmania I came on the [?]nt how the Calcutta sailed from Sorrento up [?] bay and anchoring off the present site of Williamstown "took in 90 tons of frssh water." Where did that water come from? It appears [?]l to think that it must have been from [?]e the Falls. Is it not also logical to think [?]t the boy Fawkner accompanied one of the [?] up the river to this spot? When, nearly, [?]e months after, Batman landed in Victoria Fawkner's expedition in the schooner. Enter[?], Captain John Lancey, sailed through the [?]ds it made straight up the Bay till it neared [?] Falls, when the vessel was tied up to a gum tree on the bank near the head, of the present Australian wharf, on the 29th of August, 1835. [?]nk was thrust ashore, and the live stock [?]e settlement, "consisting of two horses, [?] pigs, three kangaroo-dogs and a cat," were [?]ded. Some wattle and dab huts were [?]ted, and the foundation of Melbourne was [?] laid. Fawkner's party had come to stay. [?] himself was not in the Enterprise on her [?] voyage, but with his family reached the [?] settlement on the 18th October following. [?]he beginning of the next year a fine weather-[?]d house was brought from Launceston for [?] Fawkner. It was the first house erected in Melbourne, as aforesaide, on the site of the present Custom House. Here the first Victorian newspaper was written in MS. on a sheet of foolscap. John Batman claimed that the Fawkner party [?] jumped his claim in taking possession of [?]ite near the Falls which he had marked as [?]own. However, he agreed to camp further [?]n the stream, and took possession of the [?] named after him, which was effaced in 1870 to make room far the Spencer-street railway station. A wattle and dab but first, and then in 1876 Mary cutter from Launceston, brought Batman a fine weatherboard house and bricks for a chimney. The skipper, Captain Robertson, lost his leg through a topmast falling on him on this voyage. Batman's house was erected on the slope near the river bank, the chimney being built by Buckley, the "Wild White Man." This house was standing in 1863, proving the durability of colonial timber. Prior to 1870 Flinders-street, flanked on the west by Batman's Hill, was a much more picturesque locality than at present. Many remember the green slopes of Batman's Hill and the reserve thereon, where early Melbourne citizens and their families promenaded of an afternoon whilst the band of the 40th regiment discoursed martial music. The Custom House is one of the finest buildings in Melbourne. It has a solid, substantial look, worthy of the city and the empire. One may spend a very instructive day here. The "Long Room" is a sight in itself. Here busy shipping clerks are filing manifests and passing entries and paying duties. There is a life and bustle which impress one with the importance of Melbourne commerce. The shipping clerks are worth studying. They form a "push" by themselves. Their contract with master mariners makes them freer and more- breezy in manner than the ordinary office clerk. They smoke good tobacco and cigars which have not paid duty. If you own get my old friend Detective-Inspector Christie to show you round the Custom House you will not miss much. We have been on the battle field together. When Mr. Christie writes his Memoirs he may give some interesting accounts of the doings of the Duke of Saxe-Coburg Gotha when in Victoria. But at present, as becomes a detective, he is very reticent on their joint experiences. The shipping office-is very interesting. Here Colonial Jack is binding himself to fresh ship masters. In both officers and men there are various types to study. But the men here are not so interesting as at the Shipping Offices in Liverpool and London, where you still occasionally see the old type of tar, who would sing "Ranzo" "Hey Ho! and a Bottle of Rum," and descriptive ditties such as:— We were lushing in a pub near Sandridge pier, And half of us drunk on colonial beer, When in comes the old man, and he looks around— 'Ship ahoy! Lads, we're homeward bound." The business of Holdenson and Nielson was established in 1886 in the Eastern Market, from whence they removed to larger premises in Flinders-lane, but after three years it also outgrow those buildings, when the firm removed to its present establishment, in the new Produce Markets. This was about 2 years ago, and it is new making further additions to the factory and stores by taking in the next warehouse. This firm has several creameries in different parts of the colony, the cream from which, together with cream received from about 50 private creameries, is treated and manufactured into butter at the factory for local sale or export as required. I am told that last year, during spring, they manufactured up to 20 tons of butter weekly, and this season expect making up to 30 tons weekly, in view of which they are just completing extensive additions to their factory and refrigerating plants, which will now be able to treat up to 50 tons of butter per week should opportunity present itself. During last year they used in their factory about 40,000 butter boxes and 40 tons of salt for the manufacture of butter. At the Royal Agricultural Society's Show 1894, they secured the highest award for factory export butter. They ship largely to West Australia, and other colonies, also South Africa and the eastern countries, where their Rose and Snowdrift brands of butters are eagerly sought after owing to their high quality. A block past the Custom House is the site where Langlands foundry was first established. There was a drapery store attached to the foundry in the early days, one of the strangest combinations of businesses I have read of. Mr. J. S. Butters came out from Dundee to join this store. With the wharves close at hand one might imagine that there would be a "long shore" character about this part of Flinders- street, such as one sees near the quays at Hobart and Sydney. But it is not so. There is no seaport town in the world with less of a nautical character about it than Melbourne. The last business I have to record is the tea warehouse of Edwards and Co., near Spencer-street. This firm has been established about 13 years. It was among the first to supply tea direct to the consumer, so saving to the public the dealers' profits, and thereby not only causing the price of the article to be considerably reduced, but also compelling the retailer to increase tho quality of the article offered to the public generally. A tea can be bought now at 1s. 3d. and 1s. 6d. per lb. which formerly cost the consumer 2s. and 2s. 6d. per lb. Mr. Edwards tells me:—"Our business is almost exclusively done by our own travellers, who visit each district about three times a year. Our operations extend to New South Wales, where we have a house at Clarence-street, Sydney, also to South Australia and Tasmania. The blending of tea by machinery we have made a special feature, and in such a manner that there is no variation in any part of a blend, so that it can be relied upon to give equal satisfaction in every package. To this end we have got a machine specially constructed, which has been pronounced by those qualified to judge to be on a better principle than any yet manufactured here or in England. We also give special attention to the selection of the best blending varieties of Indian, China and Ceylon teas, so as to combine the maximum of strength and flavor." The Falstaff Restaurant and Café, situated near Flinders-street, opposite those palatial buildings known as the railway offices, is a large and commodious building, designed for the accommodation of the travelling public and citizens of moderate means. The building, which comprises nearly 200 rooms, contains actually 173 fireproof bedrooms, which are specially protected with iron, and also by two immense iron fire escape stairs leading from each floor. They are comfortably furnished, kept scrupulously clean, and have been pronounced as good as can be obtained in Melbourne. The diningrooms are spacious and airy, and are capable of seating over 300 persons at one time in comfort. The lessees are Messrs. Morris and White, who are well known for many years in Melbourne as moderate priced caterers, and who do all they possibly can to make visitors comfortable. Attached to the building are hot and cold baths, reading and smoking rooms, writing room, ladies' silting room, lavatories and every convenience suitable far a large establishment of this class. The cuisine is one of the finest in Melbourne, fitted with all the latest appliances, and is capable of supplying 5000 meals daily, the same being conducted in the very host manner, only the very best articles being used, together with the greatest cleanliness, ensuring to patrons the certainty, of obtaining a really first class meal at a small outlay. A large store room is also provided free of charge. From the roof, which is a grand promenade on a summer's night, may be viewed several fine sights of Melbourne. Falstaff himself was never so well lodged as the humble clerk may be here. 