THE HAUNTED CHIMNEY. " If tho signorino will tako my advice, bo will not steep in this room." " And why should I not sleep in this room, Antonio ? " The fellow shrugged his shoulder*, looked about him mysteriously, then, coming» step nearer, began in a low voice : 4 4 Because—" " What are you chatting about, you imbecile? " the landlord's voice broke in, as at this moment he appeared at the door. The servant drew back, and (hough he held his tongue, the expression of his face did not change. " The signor will doubtless wish to refresh himself with a good night's rest, after hi? long journey," the landlord remarked to me. in the obsequious tone of his class ; then, turning impatiently to the servant again, he continued, 4 1 And you stand here doing nothing, and by your idle gossip keep our guest from sleeping." " It is not I who will keep him from sleeping," muttered Antonio, BB he proceeded to unfasten the straps of my portmanteau. " Bassta, enough !'* exclaimed his master, angrily ; then to me, in quite a suave manner, " 1 wish you a good night's repose,'" adding insinuatingly, " you will not have allowed your mind to be perturbed by this fellow's idle chatter?" " Oh, no !" I answered shortly. I was cross, and too sleepy to heed the uneasy manner of the landlord, or the timid, deprecating glanoes of the servant. " Good night," I added, by way of a hint that I wished to be alone. " Good night, and may your repose, be tranquil !" saying which, mine host bowed himself out of the room. " Tour servant, sir !" and Antonio made an obeisance, then, passing close by me, as he hurried to the door, where hiB master awaited him with visible impatience he managed to whisper, **See that the fire-board it fastened tight, and keep your candle burning. 1 am at the end of the ball!" I was a bit startled by this mysterious advice, though to proud to betray my sudden perturbation by demanding an explanation then and there. At that time I was an aspirin); young art student, and had come to pass a few weeks in Venice, where alone, of all the cities in Italy, docs the wonderful colouring of the skies en trance the painter's soul, and seem to defy his palette. It was not my first visit to the '-'Queen of the Adriatic," nor to this queer old inn. It was a tumble down building, which centuries before had been a palace—as the dwellings of the Italian nobility are called ; but the ages had come and gone, and the last scion of the race which had formerly claimed this among ita numerous residences had long since passed away. Owing to the fact that it was situated on a small canal at some distance from the grand canal, it escaped general notice. To ascend to tho apartments which at present constituted the hostelry, oue hud to pnss under the great arched doorway, through the empty space beyond to the stairs, which led up to the second floor. Here, some of the palatial rooms had been partitioned off into small apartments. On the occasion of my present visit the house was full, and thus one of the large rooms, undisturbed by ninetenth ceutury carpenter and mason, was assigned to me. It waa bare and lofty ; its two windows, several feet from the the ground— reached by flights of three steps— looked out on the narrow strip of water below. At this hour they were barred by heavy wuuden shutters, while faded hangings dnped them, and gave a strange, almost weird aspect to the deep reces6e6 above the little stone steps. Between the windows stood a marble console, over which hong an oblong mirror in a tarnished gilt frame. On one Bide of the room was the high, narrow bed, with canopy and curtains like those at the windows; and at its left was the priedieu; 3n theright, the night table. Chairs were placed stiffly against the wall, arouud the room. At the farther end of this vast apartment,and facing the bed, was the huge fireplace, which looked black and fathomless as a cavern, by the dim light which the candle shed .throughout the room. Over this hung a strip of faded damask, like the other draperies in texture end design ; it partially concealed the fireboard, which bad been removed from its accustomed place and placed on one side. I stood for a moment listening to the retreating footsteps, with a curiously uiiea*y feeling sreeping over me as presently they ccased and ill was still. I took up the candle and proled to make a close survey of the room. I d the various doors and windows, Bnding them all securely fastened ; opened the cumoersome wardrobe, and—let me confess it— ictually looked under the bed. Finally, I stooped and gazed into the sombre depths otthe tncient fireplace, and as I did so, my light lickered. I went back to the table, and, putting down the candle, opened my portmanteau and began to take out the necessary articles. I debated t little whether or no to put out the light, *aguo sense of uneasiness oppressing me which t was ashamed to acknowledge, even to myself, 5hen—but I left it burning. I fell into an uneasy sleep, the result of fatigue and a lato Bupper, perhaps. I was, awi&nned; suddenly by the sound of a heavy fall, followed by a death-like silence. I eat up in bed and looked rouud the room,,, wondering sleepily why my candle was still burning, and was about to blow it out, when Antonio's mysterious advice came back to me Again I fell iBleep, for how long I cannot say, when once more I was aroused by the noise of a dull thud, ucli as the falling of a body would make. But this time, instead of utter silcnce—which before Had first startled me and then served to quiet my fears—a moan fell upon the air. I sprang from the bed, and, grasping the candlestick, in which the candle was fast burning in its socket, I started across the room, to investigate, if possible, this strange sound. Five minutes later I was back in bed again, and, inclined to reproach my silly fears, I turned over, and soon fell into a more restful slumber. It seems to me, as I recall the happenings of that night, alter the lapse of many years that I could scarcely have closed my eyes when still again, I was awakened, this time by something rolling down the chimney then falling heavily upon the marble hearth. The candle flickered, and before I had time to recover myself, shot up one feeble dame and went out. At that instant the distant bells of San Marco—at least, I fancied 'twas they—chimed the hour of three The lovely summer dawn must be braking the cloudless Venetian skies; but the barred casements kept out even a possible ray of light. I felt round over the cold marble top ol the little table at my bedside for the matches, and just as I found one a deep groan fell upon my ear,and for a moment my band tremblearo that J could not strike it. At Ipngth I had it lighted only to discover that the other candle was on the centre tsble. The little wax light was burning quickly in my baud, and would barely last to get me across the room. I stepped hastily to the floor, and moved over to where the unlighted candle stood. The illumination which this fresh one gave was dim and wavering but holding it steady until I felt sure that it would not go out, I walked over to the fireplace, stopping suddenly short aEl stood within a few feet of it. My hand shook so that I could scarcely hold the light, while it seemed to me that tho loud beating of my heart must drown every other sound. For A moment I could not get my breath there, as I fetched a long gasping sigh. I could feel the cold perspiration runnipg down my back. Justin front of the great chimney, with wide open eyes fastened upon me, lay a man's head, severed from be body, and with the blond flowing freshly from the neck. I pulled myself together, trying, as beet I could, to take in the situation. Had a murder bueu committed then and there, and where was the body P I stepped closer and closer, fascinatid bv the horror of the great, staring eyes, v. hi eh Bern>*ii to draw me on, when, »>udileoly,l found my wit look nu r into eapty apace, l'be l.c-ad had ilM«ppefcrid ! I dioiiped in iny knees, «nd still grsspjng t'-e rmultwit ck firstly cifptup to iliu gaping Wuuth of tU fil'-t'W, M W.SfhpWlt l»«V irns tiUUU' power forcing «ne on until i »as «m the •pot when-, » niomtut before that gbaiUy nead had lain. I i<awed fiwiewd to pea. into the chimnev, moving my can die a little to throw a stronger light upon the opening, wben agitst extinguished it, and in the darkness which follow.rd tho sili nee was broken only by a sue-, cession of low moans, which gradually diod U|ion then air. The candlestick fell from my now nc-rveleRs hand, and I could'bear it rolling' awny beyond my reach. I opened my mouth lo call, but not a sound issued from my parched throat. I made a last superhuman effort to free myself from the horrible fear which was fast overpowering me. Struggling to iny feet," I managed to stagger toward where I believed tbe windows were, only to sink upon the atom steps, quaking with a new dread, as, evon as ) touched the drapery which bung besido it, a ray of light fell upon the fioor, and the figure ol a man dragging a headless body appeared before my terror-slricken eyes. It must have been two hours later that] opened my eyes, to find honest Antonio bending over me. For a moment the light pouring in from the open casement almost blindcd me. " My G>1 ! What was it Y" I gaspa.1, as the good l'el.ow, putting his arms about nic, hall carried roe to the lied. He did not replv, but moved quickly back tc the other window, removed the bar, opened wido the wooden abutters, and, picking np from the step the oil lamp which he bad probably had in his hand when he entered the room, put it ou the console. Then, still silent, be went toward the fireplace, and taking up the great fireboard put it into place, remarking laconi- cally as he did so ; " The signorino forgot to fasten in the fire* board, it appears." With the light of day pouring into the room, and the sweet morning air gently moving the shadows on the wall, the horror of the night began to disappear, and I felt my strength returning. I watched Anlouio aud tried to think ; but my brain was not in working order, and tfce very effort made me dizzy. Antonio, turning from the chimney, looked at me, thon taking up my flask from the table, pourod some of its contents into a glass, aud bringing it ta me said : 4 4 Driuk that. I will bring you your coffee in a fow movents." How did you get in ?" I asked him when he returned with the beverage. " The signorino asked ine to call him al dawn, as he wished to study sunrise eCects; so I came early to tho door. I knew when 1 received no answer to my knocks, that som» thing had happened. It was not difficult tc force the old lock."' Tell me,, what was it P It was too real tc have been a nightmare. What was it, Antonio ?* The signorino does not know ? And yet il is an old story here. 'Twas the ghost of the murdered man." " ft was not a ghost at all I exclaimed 4 4 It was a bead." " The same thing." " Have you ever seen it ?" "God forbid 1'' And Antonio crossed himself. " I shall not pass another night in thif house." 4 4 No? And only last spring, a painter, on< of your compatriots, came here from Bome, and stayed in this very room on purpose to see the head. He went awny much disappointed, for it never appeared to him, though he did hear it in the chimney." By this time 1 was dressed, but was determined to hear the story before I left. It had begun to dawn upon me that Anlouio did not mean to tell it. " Come, Antonio," I began. At this moment my gondolier appeared at fhc door. "Francesco knows it better than I; and besides," said Antonio, " we are not allowed to talk about it in this house." Francesco was ready enough to repeat the gruesome tale, and with oil the Orimatic fervoui of his race, weut over it in dotaiL It was toward the middle of the last century that Duke Gerolamo de Gerolamei lived in this, his ancestral home, with his two sons' and his ward, the only child of his ranter. It was intended that the hrir to the proud old name should marry the fair young cousin, and of course the wayward girl • fell in lovo with tha younger son, who returned her passion tenfold. But the guardian and uncle laughed at this childish folly, and calmly fixed the wedding day. Meantime, the hatred of 'ho brothers grew. The elder was enraged beciuui he could not win the lovo of the woman who was to be his wife ; the younger was furious and despairing because, through this accident of birth Whibh made him the younger son, he was denied possession of her who alone made life worth living. It was the ova of the wedding, which was destined never to be, that the>ir last and fatal quarrel took place. It is told that Don Alessandro said to the heir— " If I cannot have her, then you shall not!" In vain tho lovely Bianco, drawn thither by their loud words, tried to stop them, weeping and. protesting that she, the unhappy cause of their discusxion, would kill bttoelf if they did not cease, then and theie, their strife. Her presence only added fuel to the flame. Tho men fought like ligerc, and when, at length, Alcxsaitdro fe'.l . at his brothir'n feet, the heir, now quifa bwidu himself, and with the thirst of bluod upon Lim, drew IUB sword across the neck, severing the head from the body. Only then, as > a deep croon fell upou the sir, tad for tho last time tbn eyes vpnicd unit gazed steadily at him, did t.Lio murderer realise, perhaps, hiB crime. With thu cunuinst ot a jiadman, he dragged the headless trunk across the room, and with a supreme effort liftod the. ghastly burden and threw it into the narrow caual which flowed silently beneath the windows^ He started back to dispose of tho head, too ; but as he stooped to take it up, a low moan fel) upon bis ear. Blanca lay as she had fallen upon the hearth, and even as the young . Gerolanio bent over her prostrate form, breathed out her life in a long-drawn sigh. The bead, which he had dropped when attracted by Blanca's moan, rolled into the fireplace aud! disappeared. The heir died soon after in a madmsn'a chains, and the childless, broken-hearted father followed him quickly to the giavo. The distant heirs bad gladly disposed of the palate for a, nominal sum, encumbered as it was by the memory of a fearful ciimc and the bleeding head which haunted it at interval*. " Women make a great deal uf trouhl?,"* eaidi Francesco, by way of conclusion. " Now, if the beautiful Bianca had not made the mistake, of falling in love with the wrong man !" An expressive gesture finished the sentence. " It' is said," he .remarked, after a pause, " that only when the skull of the murdered man can.' be found will his ghost cease to trouble th* occupants of that room. How tired," he adcUfd' naively, " the head must be, rolling up and down the chimney ! Almost all hear it, few. see it. The siguor pa.intei was one of these.'' The gondola has stopped just opposite Sao' Giorgio Maggiore, where the %rtists were assembled even at this early hour, studying the ever-changing beauty of the old churoh in the soft morning light. My pencil strayed over the canvas; but instead of tbe outline of tho church it was that of a man's head, which, as the day wore on, grew iuto the likeness of the one I had seen the previous night. There is nothing more to say. The story ot the haunted chamber is too well known tolieed further proof from me, while as to my personal experience with it, I can add nothing. I have related facts as they occurred. Sceptics may laugh at my story, and hint at uightmare and other consequences of a lita supper; I know better. One thing, remember, I did not bear the tale until tbe day following my visit from the ghost. I have visited Venice many times since then ; but I have never returned to that old palace on the little canal. 