THE NOVELIST. "A SLANDERED MEMORY." CHAPTER XL 1 No, darling — not if 1 can holp it. Now go with nurae, like a good boy.' Tho pair made their oxit in oilonco j the red plush portiere BWAjsd and fell book into its ulaoe behind them. 8ilenco rolguod among the little group for oomo momenta. It wm brokon by Grontloy Gumnor. 1 What— in the houso V qaeriod Mr. Gamnor, with a frown. 1 Yee. I agree with Ivy thoroughly so regards his not being fit for aobool. Ho hoe been much Indnlsed : the diaeiDline at eehool would either break his spirit or causo him to run away. Time enough for him to go to aobool threo years 4 That's not ft bad idea, assented Gorvaso dieoontentedly, 4 if only one could fiod ft gentleman for the post ; but these cub leaders 4 1 oo old find you tho very man,' sold Grant!/ quietly. 4 One of your numborlets 4 protegee, Grantlyl queried Ivy, laughing. Tee— floo fellow whom I met on my woyage home from Canada. I took o groat fmny to him. Ho woo a genilotnan, and on Oxford graduate. Ho had boon farming in Manitoba acme years end had got ruined over It. Bat his toarniog is quite froth enough to do for ft boy of Boy's age. Ho was desperately hard opw poor fellow, and ho told mo he would undertake almoet anything &s; ho partly supports his mother.' 4 What's the name 1' askod his cotum. 4 Walrond/ repliod Grontloy. 4 What egod man, think you 1 'Difficult to say— either thirty and looking older or forty and looking youngor. ' 4 It might bo worth while to write to him, Mid Gervase slowly. 8ecret!y he was no more unions than Ivy to lose his only eon, of whom he was intensely proud. 4 Cousin Grontloy to the rescue as usual, remarked Ivy. her foco beaming with smiles. 4 1 think the idea of a tutor is splondid — much better than sending my poor little darling away by himself.' At that moment ft dooptonod boll olaogod through the house. , , 4 The door-bell 1 Who oan that bo V inquired Agues Gamnor, looking up. 4 1 forgot to tell you ,' said tho master of tho v house with a atari. 4 1 am sorry to have a eomplete stranger here tho first night you are among us again, Ivy $ but I mot Lord What's his name at the Town Hall today, aud ho was very friendly, &nd; I could do no leas than invito him.' 4 What— the new heir of Dalllthwayte 1 asked Ivy, laughing. 1 This is exciting.' Tho words were hardly uttered whon the 'portiere' was swept aaido by the arm of the portly batler, who, with much pomp, announced— 'Lord Raunaleigh 1' OH AFTER XII. Ivy hastily raised horeelf into a sitting posture as Lord Rannsleigh entered, and sat with her two hands resting on the couch, her little red slippers half buried in the rag, hor white draperies falling round hor. Hia lordship saw a young girl who sotno men might have thought was too oleoder to be beautiful, but whoso exquisite whiteness of complexion, perfectly modelled arms, end flowor-hko poao of hoad none could have questioned. Sho had scarcely a trace of colour in hor cheeks ; the crown of hair coiled high on her head glearaod liko a nimbus u tho lamplight shono upon it. Bio lordship thought her eyes were tho largest no naa ovei seen, and tho most boautiful. Thoy woro ol marvellous eyes and her puro skin, she always made a for greater impression than would a healthy English girl with magnificent features, a bod figure and a provincial-mado gown. As Lord Raunaloigh'a oyos rested on the motionless figoro of Ivy, ho moved towards hor m though somo unsoon power woro influencing him. He scarcely heard Mr. Oumnor'a words of introduction, 4 My only daughter ; ' and then ho felt her soft white fingers within hia own for a moment, and board a voice sweot onough to bo that of an angel saying to him — 4 How do you do I I hope you will oxouso my rising. Perhaps papa tn'dyou 1 have beon lit 1 May I introduce you to my cousin, Mrs. Grontloy Oumnor, and hor husband, Major Gamnor 1' Lord Rannsleigh bowed, and acknowledged these introductions blindly and vaguely. Had she presented him to tbo lamp and tho tabic cover, he would havo boon nono tho wiser. Ho just perceived that Mrs. Grantloy Oumnor indioated a low seat near herself, but ho ignored this oourtesy, and remainod standing by Ivy's sofa, determined not to move unless forced to do so. He rushod blindly into oonversution with her. 4 Mr. Gamnor did toll mo you had been 111. I think ho said you had been thrown in tbo hunting-field. Is that sol' ' Yes,' she answered ; and a vory dolicato wave of colour tinted her dear skin. 'Reckless leaping,1 interposed hor father. ' She put her horao to a great chasm whioh it was madness to attempt. Sho was nearly killed ; and we had hor in a wretched farmhouse, too ill to be moved for weoka. She ought to bo too praotiaed a horsewoman to ride so recklessly.' 4 1 told you paps, I could not control my horse.' said Iw. amilinir. 4 Ob, pooh 1 Don't talk nonionso to mo 1' he Answered irritably. Lord Raunsletgh's oyos wero fixed upon the girl's face j it's strango charm for him increased every moment. I wish I had boon there to holp you,' ho said. Ho wm quite awaro that the remark was an nnnsnsl ono— that at tbo first moment of acquaintance it was an odd thing to say j but ho could not holp it. 'There appears to have boon a mysterious Stranger in tho caso,' observed cousin Agnes with her ploasant smile— o young man who dismounted, and who, tho dootor says, saved my oonain'a life by giving hor brandy when in the iMt stage of exhaustion. Ho must have boon with her nearly an hour when they wero found. Mr. Oumnor askod Mr. Phelps to ask hia namo, whiuh he did, but most unfortunately in tbo hnny and agitation of tho momont, ho forgot 'Joat like Phelps i' obsorved Gorvaso Gamnor. ' Yes,' said Ivy j 'and another nnfortunato thing wm that it was of no use to mako ioiiuirios, for Mr. Phelps recolleotod distinctly that tbo stranger wm loavtog the neighbourhood almost Immediately ; and overy one was in snch an excited state about mo that they novor thought tOMk Sir Charles Manlovoror, who probably knew him quite well.' 'And afterwards it did not scorn advisablo to snake ft fuss,' remarks# Mr. Cumnor. ' Aftor all. what could ono say to tbo man 7 Couldn't oiler him a five- pound nolo.' 4 J qnite envy this romantic unknown,' said Lord Rannsleigh. ' I hopo his appearance equalled his deods of prowess V 1 1 cannot make op my miod m to whether I should know bim gain,' returned Ivy, knitting her daintily ptPfillod brows, 'Papa says ho is sure ho would not ; be was thinking of nothing but me, 1 aud hardly looked at the stranger.' 1 4 Naturally,' observed the smitten nobleman, i 4 Dinner Ueervei,' announced tho butlor at tho door. i 4 Lord Raunsleigh, will you taho Mrs. Grantlv Gamnor 1' said tho master of thohoaso ; and then, coming forward, ho wrapped hie daughter in a thick white ehawl and lifted hor from the sofa. 4 You mtst excuse me, ho said, laughing ; wo do not allow her to walk yet' Tho glossy dark oak and painted decorated ceiling of the largo dining room looked delight fully bright and welcome to Ivy Gumnor on this first occasion on entering it einco hor mare's fatal leap. Every otono, overy corner of tbo houso in which she hod been born wm dear to AS HimIiMa ah«k liul ItM iMn lha liaht nearly twenty-one yean before, hor young mother dying at the same instant. At Cerolsido she hod grew op under tho loving care of Agneo Verity, a young widow, now Mrs. Grontloy Gumnor. At Carolsid she had welcomod m her step- mother the wild boautiful young Italian Countesa whom her father had met on hia travels— had seen her fado aud droop and pine, for tbo marriage waa not a happy one. Gervase Gumuor's temper was emphatically bad ; his now wife was most violent. After a vcar or two, ho almost hated her. Ho mode her Ufo ono lour tormont, for her Southern passion and vohomonco woro no match for his vindlotivo cruelty and malico. Sho would not bo tamod — would not submit camly to his yoke. Sho raved, frettod, rebel iod grow weakor and weaker ; sho shut herself up, and ce&scd; to care for tho sunahioo or society or gaiety. IIo know sho loved London, so he refused to allow hor to go thithor. The charm of Oaroleido, so potont to hor English stop- daughter, was nothing to hor. 8ho hated tho placo, and, in tbo third wintor of hor roaidonco thoro, caught a chill and died with terriblo auddoncss. In her usual hoalth on Thursday, sho lay dead on Sunday evening ; and hor last words to hor husband woro so awful that thoy woro atill whisporod among tho servants on dark winter nights whon tho otorm-wiuda woro sbrioking round Oarolsido. It had boon Gorvaso's custom to livo in London most of his timo, for it was impossible for thorn to live in peaco undor the samo roof. Bo was in London thoroforo whon tho nows was telegraphed to him that his wife was vory ill. Ho set out at onco for Oarolsido : and that journoy ho nover forgot. A torriblo snow storm had blocked tho railway-lines botwoon London and tho Wostorn Gouutios, and tho cold was intonso. It took Mr, Oumnor thirty- six hours to roaoh his homo, and then it was Sunday evening. Thoy told him his wife wea dying fast j and, with a haggard face ho wont up to her room. Sho was wasted almost to a shadow, but in her great black eyes shono tho light of an undying hatred. Husband and wife woro left alone together for about a quarter of an hour, and then Gervaso's startled call drew tho doctor and the nurse t( tho bedside. Tho ' Contessa ' waa sitting perfectly upright, her two arms raised over her head, her hands clenched, her eyes were wild, hor face was livid. 4 1 am dying— I am dying 1' she cried, in a harsh and broken tone. 4 There is no timo to say to any one the word that would destroy you ; but never fear— vongauco will overlako you, Gervase Cumnor 1 May your life bo miserable and your doath a miserable ono ! May you never know peaco or happiness in this world or— or in the next 1' Sho fell baek upon her pillow, her arms atill exteuded. A few gasps and all was over. Tho young 4 Contessa ' was dead, and the doctor had to use ail hia strength to boud the rigid muscles of tho denouncing arms. Hor husband loft the room abruptly ; nor did ho ever look upon kiB who's face again. Tho room in whioh she died waa never used. Tales of her ghost walking was rife among tho oorvante, wno noticed that, whereas their mnstor hnd always boon accustomed to use a \- UF0M dayfighVand witlTa companion ' " All tho awo-in.piring detail, hod boon coro- fully kept from Ivy, who hnd livod o dull life iu"lZA the. ?? "jurn »' Oarolmdo. Sho had not disliked her step-mother ; but thoy hod novor undoretood onch othor. Tho littlo English Rirl of twolvo, unnginntivo, timid, «olf- restratned, wo. on objoct of no intoro.t to tho atormy pouionato young Italian boauty wlio.o only idea of ploasuro wa. to bo admirod and 'd' . B'op- brothor was a far groator do ight to his sister than to his mothor. Eithor tho docsy of hor iovo for hor hush,. nd mado tha 'Ot.ntossa regard hia child with aversion or olso tbo maternal instinct wa. not strong within hor. " To Ivy Roy was ovorything — plaything, charge, and objoct of teodorest lovo. Sho had taught him to walk, and .ho was now attempt, ing to teach him to road-n far loss easy task after tho long courso of spoiling with which sho .l a .'or tho death of Roy's mother, Agoos, now Agno. Oumnor, resumed hor roign over tho household ; and tho constant presence of Grantloy had dono much for tho tranqu.hty of the homo life. Gorvaso Oumnor both foarod and respected hi. cousin tho Major. H.s presence never failed to chock tho out burets of rage and abuso in which tho master of Oarolsido was accustomed to indulge j and Agnes was the very best of companion, for Ivy -loving hor aincoroly, and by every mean, ib sho'Sh "D8 tI,0Sirl' "happy a, . ,n Tr"!a& "" A®n.os lat P'aoidly at tho of the table amusing Geruaae with her convor.at.on, she wa. busy also studying the appearance and manner of Lord Itaunsloigl , who was too deeply absorbed in looking at and talking to Ivy to tako any nolo of anything or any ono else. Dalllthwayte was a Ann adjoining Uarolsido. It had boon for yooro past in the hand, of a paralytic and misanthropical old lord who had persisted in outliving all hit near rolativos. Whon at lost ho dfod, the succession fell to a vory distant cousin who had lived for somo years in tho wilds of Amorios. and who novor imagined that ho had tho loos ohanco of inhoriting tho property. It waa woll known in the neighbourhood that it had boon necessary to advertise for him, and that ho had had to provo his i identity satisfactorily boforo taking up his title. This being so tlio county folk round waa rather approhenaivo as to what monnor of man tho now Lord Rannsleigh was |i ,'y ' bo. Agnes s fooling whon ho ontercd Ivy s boudoir, had boon ono of unmitigated robot. Ho was tall, slight, haudsomo. His light-brown hair was niooly out; bis clothos woro evidently tho handiwork of a Bond-Stroot tailor. His mannors woro not at all bad, hia voico was pleasant, hia accontrofinod, with only a voty slight traco of tlio Amorican inflection. Hia surrender to tho chorm of Ivy's influooco wao so absurdly ovident that Mm. Grantloy found ho-aolf wondering whethor such an alliance would bo posoiblo and desirablo. 'I wish I could see his mouth,' she reflected — his raousiacho hido it completoly. His oyes are too close togothor ; I do not liko thoir expression. No ; cortoinly his oyos do not please mo 1 But I snpposo it would bo frivolus to sot him down as doooitfui merely on that ground. That scar on his loft cliook is a di.hgurcmont— it looks liko a bad burn. I orpect lio has hurt a hfo of vicissitudes. Would it bo bod form to quostion him about it. I wonder 1 ' 'f hopo,' said the young lord modestly, after dinnor, when thoy had all aisembled for ouffes I in Ivy , boudoir, 'it i. not a very great bHftofc of good manner, to ramark ppojj It, bat . do so admire tho amngemant of your rooms icn 1 I wish I could mako Dallithwayto look to/thing like it. It U bo uncommon 1' Qorruo Gumnor Uughod and pointed to hit daughter. 4ioa must ask hor for tho secret,' he arid ; 4 everything in this home has boon arranged by her. I had no voico in tho matter.' I Lord Raunaleigh turned admiringly to What wonderful tasto yoa mast havo 1 ho xclalmod forvontly. 'It is a fad of mino,' oho answered, blushing. 4 1 love arrangements of colour. You must seo my drawing-rooms soon ; they are my chief triumph.' 1 Is not this a drawing-room )' ho askod. 4 No ; this Is my sanctum— my own particular room— tho room 1 like beet in tho house. It is a great favour, I assure you,' she went on with a shy pretty smile, 4 that you are here to-night ; but papa never told as until the last minute that m bod Mked anyone to dinner.' 4 Wo shall hope novor to make a stranger of Lord Raunaleigh in future,' said Mr. Cumnor— 4 wo are such near neighbours, and I havo just ascertained that in political opinions wo are ono.' 'That mast boa great comfort, remarked Ivy, smiling. 4 And may I corao to you for hints as to how to mako my gloomy old cavo more habitable 7' ho asked eagerly. ( 4 If I can be of any uso, 1 shall bo ploasod, ' sho replied, laughing ; 4 but indeed I only just follow out any crazo of my own. I havo no thoorios.' 1 So much tho bettor. Your inherent good tasto is your best guide,' ho roturnod. 4 Now how would you sot about It if you had to do it —if Dallithwayto wore yeur own for instanco 1' Do you know,' rejoined ( tho girl brightly, though 1 havo lived within half a mile of Dallithwayto all my life, I havo novor been insido it l1 'Havo you not! Oh, do comol You and Mra. Oumnor must come and givo me a little of tbo counsol I so sorely neod. _ May I not have tbo honour of saying that Dallithwaye wm tho first place Mtsa Cumnor visited whon she wm couvaloBccnt ?' (TO UK CONTINUED). 