BBV. BR. COOK. HIS LECTURE LAST SIGHT. 'DOES DEATH END ALL?' The first of a series of lectures by the Rev. Dr. Joseph Cook, was de livered, in the Centenary Hall last night before a rather large a-udienoe. The Lieutenant-Governor, Sir Frede rick Darley, presided, and ainoug those present were Professor Anderson Stuart, Rev. J. Fordyce, M.A-, and other clergymen. Prayer having been offered, Sir Fraderirek Darley briefly introduced tne lecturer. Dr. Cook had taken for his subject the question: 'Does death end all?' and in the early part of his discourse j dealt ^vith the materialistic view of i the subject, asking ? if they were to ! think that there was nothing now ex- i istent of the leaders and teachers of I humanity. He would not now deal j with the immortality of tlie soul, but ? examine the question which was the j title of his address. In this task lie i had to rely upon answers from three j sources— con eienee, physiology, revela- j tion. Suppose they went to Shak spere. He did not attend the theatre, but he did read his Shakspere, and he found in 'Hamlet,'' 'Lear.' and 'Macbeth' three of the profoandest treatises on conscience. From this the lecturer argued back to a person ality, the lawgiver. Matthew Arnold had written of this as a power that makes for righteousness, but the speaker's conclusion was that it was not a something which, but a someone who, makes for righteousness, and from whom for ever and ever we could ?not escape. There must be a reason for this sense of dependence and obli gation, which was an organic impulse of humanity. *The objection would be heard that this conscience was a fruit of evolution; it was due to the struggle for existence and the survival of the fittest. But such an argument proved too much. The fire senses, the social and other instincts, all had correspon dences, the light to the eye, sound to the ear, beauty to the sense of beauty; home, society, the naxion to the social instinct, and so on. so that if con scieuce were an evolution then it, too, could not be deceptive. Conscience had as good a pedigree as reason. Take Bryant's lines to a wild fowl, he said, and imagine an agnostic swan, which resisted the migratory instinct because it had no evidence of a more suitable climate to which it should re tire. Or the fishes which migrate, too. might refuse to seek the open sea, and the little browu birds to fly. They all would perish, frozen in their wait ing. So of those who denied validity to the instinct of man towards the af ter life. Emerson began as a pan theist, and on the death of his boy wrote a poeiu called 'Threnody,' in which this view was expressed, but in the essay on 'Immortality,' which was among his last writings, lie rang ed himself definitely as a Christian TheisL The argument from physiolo gy was based on Professor Lionel Beale's book on protoplasm. Dr. Cook pointed out how, since the dis covery in 1S56 of the absorption, of car mine 'by the germinal matter, it was possible to separate and to examine this material. We are woven of this germinal matter, which was a viscid, slightly yellowish substance. There was an apparent identity of this ma terial. Huxley confessed that science could not differentiate it when it was obtained from the acorn, the lion, or man. Yet the living tissue was made by it, and it wove artery, vein, tendon, -muscle, and joined tuem in harmoni ous interaction. Materialism says that this is done blindly, but it was as easy to believe that types could assort themseives into Magna Gharta. The co-ordination of types proved the type setter. To matter force was requisite, and here materialism was at fault Darwin admitted that a supernatural origin was postulated for the first germs of living matter. Haeckel and Tyn dall declared that spontaneous genera tion was a fad. and science utterly ! failed to bridge the chasm betweeu ! matter and nothing, lifeless matter i and living matter, the highest products j and man. The farther back they car- j r-ied their chain of life, the more es- ] seutial it became to find a peg on i which to hang it. The lecturer read j Spencer's definition of life, and de- j manded at least a definition which I could be understood. Buchner, one of | the foremost materialists, said that life was matter and force plus x. That x is exactly what they were investi gating. If life was anterior to matter why should it not continue after mat ter? The physical body might go back to dust, but would the spiritual body? Dr. Cook next passed to the third part j of his subject— the evidence from reve- i lation. He took the declaration of Mr. A. R. Wallace, in the article, 'Spiritualism,' in the last edition of 'Chaaubers's Encyclopaedia,' that the photography of ghosts was proved. Then there was the report of the Lon- j don Society for Psydhical Research, iu- 1 eluding such men as Professor Sidg- j wick, on the reality of apparitions, j Himself lie was no Deliever in spirit ualism'. In America they were nau KPAted bv the amount of trickery that surrounded this subject But he could j not shut his eyes to the accumulating j evidence as to the spiritual body, which would sweep materialism away as by a cyclone. In America they had the personal testimony of Miss Aicott, and the affirmation of' one of the most cau tious of men, the. late Oliver Wendell Holmes. Ho applied this body of evi dence to support the doctrine of the resurrection of Christ, and that in turn involved the immortality promised by Jesus to Ms disciples, and to Jtne peni tent thief. On the motion of Professor Ander son Stuart, a vote of thanks was ac corded Sir Frederick Darley for pre siding. 