A R ,UIS 'IA , Ga?LOST STORY. When the Vinter Palace was finished the empress appointed: a' day for taking possession of it ; and' the elite of the guards, and a corps which was composed entirely of noblemen, mounted guard in the *new castle. A lo'ng, dark corridor leads to the middle door of the white or throne room. In the corridor two young noblemen were posted. It" was approaching ten o'clock and, the. arrival of the empress wds momentarily expected. Suddenly - the attention of the young men was attracted by a bright streak of light which seemed to-glide between them in the dark passage. , Their eyes followed the light, an'd they saw that it streamed through the keyhole of the throne room. Who could have any business at such an unusuul hour ill a room which was designated only for'- the re. ception of foreign ambassadors I One of the young men considered it his duty to investigate the matter, and. ap proached the door for that purpose, but as soon as he had glanced through the keyhole he called to his companion in a whisper to come nearer. 'The empress had already 'arrived,' whispered he; 'she is' seated on the throne, directly opposite to the dood.'. The other also looked 'through the aperture, and soon verified! this to be a fact. ý The' empress was seated in tranquil dignity on 'an elevated golden stool under the red velvet canopy, richly adorned with the imperial arms of Russia-a double eagle. The room was brilliantly lighted; but it was im possible to ascertain if other persons were present, as the 'thickness of the door-lock allowed no aide view of the apartment. 'The young men returned to their' posts and waited. 'Not long after one of the higher officers appeared and said *.You can all now retire ; the empress will not come to-night.' 'But her Majesty is already here.' ' What I Who I' ' Her M ajesty is in the throne room.' 'Impossible I Y ou can see for yourself.' The officer looked, immediately recognised the empress, and said, wonderingly- 'I cannot understand what the marshal means. He had just arrived, and ordered that all the guards be withdrawn ; the empress has changed her mind and will not arrive to-night. Nevertheless, I see that she is here. Could she have come secretly I At all events, I will ascertain what new order the marshal has issued. Meanwhile do you remain here as the empress may pass this way.' The marshal, Prince Kuratin, was fortunately in the palace, and as soon as he heard of the mysterious report bastened to the corridor, and peeped in his turn through the keyhole. ' My God, it is the empress I Her ml esty herself ! What can it mean f :xclaimed he. ' How can this be possible, when I have just left' her preser?te t She was dressed in her usual everyday attire, and I see her in her own royal robes and jewels. There must be some mystery behind this. Let all the entrances to the throne room be guarded ! Let no one go in or out i I will hasten to report at once. The distance between the two houses being quite short, the marshal soon reached the small palace temporarily occupied by the empress. ' Where is the empress 1" 'In her sleeping apartment.' The prince looked at the lady of honour with suspicion, and said sharply ' Are you sure thar the empress is here f' ' Of course ; she is preparing to retire.' 'Inform her instantly that I am here.' In a few minutes Prince Kuratin, much excited, was conducted into the empress' chamber. The emprees stood before him in night neglig., Kulatin turned pale. ' Well,' said the empress, .' you look as if you had seen a ghost. What in Heaven's name is the matter with you f Is there any news from the army 1 Kuratin hu riedly related what he had seen .. It is a kiavishl trick,' cried -Eliza betti. - We will take a nearer look at these comedians.- I will go in your. sleigh, Kuratin; you can mount behind.` Hurry.' i Arrived at -ithe`Winter Palace, tihe castellan was ordered to bring the key of the throne room ; six grenadiers were commanded to load their guns,"and, led by the empress, the little troop betook themselves to the corridor. The light shone as before through the keyhole. The door 'was cautiously opened, and a flood of light filled the corridor. ; The empress stepped within the room, followed by her guards, who placed themselves around her. The room was brilliantly illuminated, but empty. On the throne was seated a shape, the counterpart of Elizabeth, arrayed . in purple and ermine, covered with diamonds, aud crowned with the royal diadem. One instant Elizabeth gazed steadfastly at her double, then moved forward a few steps. :Simul taneously the apparition stood up, stepped down from the throne, and then remained standing as immovable and still as the empress; It was a thrilling moment I ' Fire I' cried the empress. The guards raised their guns, and all six aimed directly at the ghostly visitant Thle triggers snapped. ,At the same instant the figure clapped its hands together, and the room was plunged into intense darkness. 'Then followed a great commation and confusion, while the empress nalled--' Bring lights I' Light. were rspeedily produced, and each corner was thoroughly searched, but absolutely nothing could be found to elucidate the mystery. Every door was locked and guarded. The guards had seen no one leave the palace.. The empress ordered a more thorough search to he made, but in vain were all efforts made to discover the perpetrator of the trick, if trick it were. The- occurrence made, a deeper impression upon Ltlizabeth than she would adomit. Eight weeks afterward she died. 