CORRESPONDENCE. SEPARATION". TO THE EDITCm. Sir,-After ninny days, Mr. Harding li*? found it necessary io protest against my letter' of thc Gili instant, ntid he wants to know on what grounds I advocate the dropping of the agitation for Separation. Well, with your permission, I will endeavour lo give him thc information he requires, nlthough I think my previous letters have been clear enough on this point. In the first place I believe, although Mr. Curtis will not admit what every one that I have conversed on the matter docs, that Separation is impracticable for tho Centre while thc North refrains from agitating for it. Secondly, I believe it better to forego Separation than to lose thc trade and territory of thc north-west, which wc must do if the Hughendcn-Wintnn Railway is constructed. Thirdly, by dropping Separa- tion, I believe wc should have the sympathy of mauy Southern members of Parliament, who would vote with our Central members against the extension from Hughenden to Winton. Separation doubtless is as neces- sary as ever it was ; but it is impracticable. What the power that governs thc Rritish Umpire may consider justice, and what Mr. Harding and thc League do may differ very materially. He asks how the merchants of East-street suffered ? Well, the uncertainly of the situation has to a great extent paralysed trade. Then he says when did Separation become a phantom ? When the North dropped it it died. And it is I lie ghost of Separation which haunts the Central Division at thc present time. Mr. Harding declares that Separation can he got by unity, energy, and determination, hut where is the unity when the people of North Gregory desire to be iucludcd in the Northern Divi- sion, and the energy and determination seem to mc very hazy. There is no doubt ubout thu Imperial Parliament having full power to authorise thc Crown to grant our petition. Hut will it under present circumstances? I fail lo sec where my impudence, us Mr. Harding calls it, comes in, unless it is thut 1 nm of a different opinion upon un important public matter to what he and thc League ure, and if the League and its leader caunot abide public criticism they had better shut up shop. The value of their opinions may bc gauged from the fact that they endeavoured by one nf their agents who sigtied himself " Another Citizen," to make thc public believe that the Ministry would not think of extending thc Northern line to Winton. Now, seeing that everything, as Mr. Harding says, has been done that thc Home Government required, why do they not send this delegate home at once and claim the autonomy they desire before the meeting of Parliament ? lt is a splendid opportunity to exercise their energy and determination and would Bettie the matter, and the league aud the people would know where they are, which they do not at Present. To show the importance that Mr. hilp attaches to the Hugbenden-Winton Railway and what the trade and traffic of the north-west means to that portion of Queens- land that possesses it, I quote part of Mr. Philp'« speech ot Townsville-" At present it seemed to him that the best thing for Townsville was to get the railway pushed out west. They might expect a fierce fight with thc Central people over the Hue from Hughen- den to Winton, bat thc latter place was nearer to TownBVi'le thau to Rockhampton, and thc object desired was to benefit the Winton district and not cither Rockhampton or Townsville (applause). No matter what party a Townsville man belonged to, he should use his political powers so aa to get the railway extended to the west. This town largely depended upon that big territory to thc west with its immense flocks and herds, the produce of which must all come through Townsville." What Mr. Philp is driving at is to rob the Centre of its trude and prosperity by thc construction of thc Hughenden-Winton line. That the im- portance of Rockhampton will shrink as u commercial centre just in proportion that Townsville is swelled by the Hughcnden Winton Hue, goes without saying. I think it has been made quite plain that the north- western portion of the Central Division bas been detached from the Central Separation movement. And I have been given to under- stand that a survey of the West wood-Glad- stone linc has been ordered, though I cannot vouch for thc truth of it ; but think it quite likely, as the Government seem to have un organised plan of cainpuign with regard to thu Separation movement, and it may be in thc scheme, to detach the Gladstone district in thc same way that the North (iicgoty has bceu. Then that portion of the wes'eru trude which could not be drawn to Towns- ville would flo»' to Gladstone, and Rock- hampton would get none of it. What would become of the merchant* of litist-strcct then ? Would they not be compelled to clear out cither to Townsville or Gladstone ; und Kockhumpton would revert to thu position of Bowen. I think when lire people realise what the continual waving of the Separation Hag means, they will regard Mr. Curtis and thc League in a very different light from what they do nt present. The fact of thc matter is that the starting of thc Separation movement without an understanding with thc North was a huge blunder, anil all thc humiliations we have had to stiller from thc Southern ruin Northern Government of Queensland is the result of it. Wc are between thc upper ami nether mill- stones mid being ground down for their benefit. I um, &c.;, ClTI/.liS. Kent-street, Rockhampton, 30th April, ISA.'. Tho steamer Norham Castle arrived a' Durham on thc 7th of February with oigh teen shipwrecked mariners. Captain Duuear reports that he «¡glued it four- masted sailing vessel, with all sails set, ashore on the rockt near thc Impinjali River, «uar the Port o: Shepstone. There was a heavy swell break ing clean over thc ship, and the crew wert seen waving ulothes, some cliuginc to th< rigging, and Rome to thc end of Hie jibbooin. Tho chief officer of the Norham Castle, .Mr, Whitehead, volunteered to go in a lioat ant attempt their rescue, and succeeded, aftoi much difficulty, in taking off the cightcei men. Communication was made with tin j ship hy Air. Whitehead jumping into tlu sea and swimming with a fine round his waut, Ho was met half-way by un apprentice from thc wrecked ship with anotbci ! Hue. Tho two lines were joined tn thc water, and by this means seventeen of the crew were hauled aboard the boat in an exhausted con dition. Thc captain of the ship was washed offthepoop, but was rescued by Mr. White- head, who again lumped into the water, and swam with him back to thc boat. Five mee were still on board clinging to the jibboom but the surf was so heavy that it was impos possible to get near them. The boat returnee to thc Norham Castle for rockets and othei apparatus but before she got bael: to th< wreck the live men were lost. Ten were mis Bing, but one baB since got to land. Tin wrecked vessel was the Faseilalc, Captait Gillespie, from Java to Lisbon, with sugar Mr. Whitehead was presented with an addresi by thc passengers of the Norham Castle, ant also with an illuminated address from thi inhabitants of burban in recognition of bil heroism. IIn fashionable Europe it is now conBÎdcret almost outre to appear in public without i necklet. Sec these at Flavelle, Roberts, ant Snnkey, Limited, East-street,- ADVT. 