Topics oft tie Tiese. Windsor Castle has been used as a Royal .s.idenca f .r 784 years. People should never buy boots or shoes in the suorning. The feet are at their nmaximunm size late in the day. The Japanese are very fond of bathing. In the city of Tokio there are 800 public bath-houses, in which a person can take it bath, hot or cold, for a sum equal to unOt lhalfpenny. A New York doctor declares that of the patients applying to the dispensary with which he is connected fully 10 per cent. are tea drunkards, and t:hat tea ranks as an intoxicant only second to alcohol. No matter how strongly a mnan pretetnds that lie doesn't believe in ghosts, it tmay be doubted if Ithe ever goes through a cemetery at midnight without fueooling as if something was going to grab him fromt behind. MAr. Henry Coxwell, the famous aiiron aut, who made over one thousand ascenets before retiring from his perilous callittg,is still hale and hearty at seventy-six years of age. A moat elrattician has discovered that a bicye!ist can travel fifteen twiles over a good road on his wheel with less exertion than lie can walk three miles. Oh, well for tile mercllant ran, Whoever lie may be, If he pins his faith to printer's ink, Of wealth and famtle the key. There canl be no British Parliament without the reigning monarcll and the House of Lords. These are the three ruling estates or lpowers of the reahn, and Parliament really means a parley or confer ence between the three. The first act of King Hutlllert's reign was to give twenty million francs of his private fortune toward paying off the debts incurred by his father. Some idea may be formed of the cost of accessories to the billiard table whent it is stated that it requires the tusks of three elephants to furnish a complllete set of balls - namely, sixteen ipyramuid, twelve pool, and three billiard balls. It has been positively demtonstrated that tobacco is one of the pritme causes of colour-lliludness ; and men wlho are em ployed in positions where it is neccssary to distinguish colour are cautioned against excessive smoking. Amtong savage nations it is often ets tonlary to use human bones for tile pur pose of making horns, and a terrible screech can be brought out of these awful instruments, as they oeiter into conflict, and employing their harsh, screeching tones to drown thie cries of the wounded and inspire their foes with terror. Tihe constantt drop of water wears away the hardest stone, The constant gnaw of Towser masticates tie touglhest bone, The constant onward progress has never yet been stayed, Of the constant advertiser-lhe always gets the trade. The gold yield. Australasia leads for 1894. A general rise of from 5s to 10s'inuthe quotations for Australian Government debentures. Execution at the gaol, on Monday. Arthur Buck hanged for the murder of Catherine Norton, a former paramour, at South Melbourne, on the morning of 28th April last. Lord Carrington an Earl. Sir Henry Loch raised to the Peerage. Tihe death is announced, in the 71st year of his age, of the great English scientist, Professor Huxley, who for some time past has been in very feeble health. The seventieth anniversary of the birth day of Baron Ferdinand von Mueller was celebrated on Sunday night by a comtpli mentary concert at the Deutsche Turn Verein Hall. The sugar factory at Stralsund, in Ger many, worked up 40,925 tons of beet in four mlonths of the 1893-54 season, and analysis of the roots gave an average of 12.92 per cent. of sugar, Mayor Strong, of NewjYork, has during the past four nlnthls discharged 3000 municipal oflicers who had obtainled their appointments through Tanmany influence and who held them inl Tatlmanying inl terests. The Egyptian Government has agreed to a convention for the suppression of slave trade, and providing that the pur chasers shall be equally liable to punish ment with the sellers of slaves. In the IIouse of Lords,the bill introduced by the itoe Government, providing under certain conditions that colonial justices may sit oil the judicial cotmmittee of the Privy Council for tile ltearing of colonial appeal cases, was passed. A school of 27 whales,ranging in length frotm 30 feet to 50 feet, has been dis covered stranded on a stretch of beach near South Ktipara Head, extending for about two miles. The school had evi dently been driven ashore during the recent westerly gales. Tile New Zealand (iovernutent has received a cablegram front England, announcing that Sir George Grey intends to resign his seat in tihe House of IRepre sentatives on account of ill-ealtlh. Tile foundation stone of the new Rutnm?n Catholic Cathedral at \Vestminister was laid by Cardital Archbishlop Vtughlan, Catholie Prinmate of England, on the 20th ult. The revenue returns. Olose of the finan cial year. Gross revenue £6,710,150, Estimtated deficiency, £120,000. George Dean, whose case had been one of the most romanttic and sensational in the crimintal records of Australia, perlaps indeed of tile world, lhas been released from Darlinghlurst Gaol after he had been found guilty of attcempting to murder his wife. It is understood lthat owing to thle in fluence of Britishl representatiions China Ilas declined the offer made by Russia to guarantee her war indemnity loan of £17,000,000. To be raised in equal pro portions in Russia, France, Great Britain and Gersmaty. Thie Chief Secretary of Brisbane has intimated that a further £100 will be placed at the disposal of the British Vice Consul at Buenos Ayres to assist Queens landers desirous of returning from the "New Australia." Owing to the alleged existence of a ring amnong the importers of druge to keep up prices, thlte Bendigo hspital authorties have decided to implort drugs, etc., direct from England. The great St. Petersburg banker, Baron Stieglitz, who died a few months ago, left ant immense fortute. The baron be queathed all his money to a girl who hIad left by persons unklnown on his door step. Lord Rayleigh, whose name has been sesn rather frequently of late in connec tion wilth hIis discovery of a new gas in theatmosphcre, is an experimental scientist of great leartnitg. Honor and shamne fromi no condition rise, Lay in a stock of goods and advertise. And ill tile busintess lottery take the prize. 