TOPICSOFTHE WEEK Mr. Turner professes to be horrified at the sight of the shadows cast by two coming events. Someone intends to propose turn ing out the Turner Ministry as soon as Par liament meets for its general incompetency, which, like Dogberry, he considers flat blasphemy; and the country party contem plates reforming the tariff. In neither pros pect tlo we see occasion for public distress. Mr. A. L. Tucker, the chairman ot the Tariff iioard, is reversing the r6Ic of Balaam. He was put on the board as an old pro tectionist to bless protection, and lo! such are the evils which have revealed themselves to him that he l\as had to go to Sydney (where he expected to be safe out of hear ing) and relieve himself by pouring out a series of curses on the "settled policy" of Victoria. Since he came back he has been asked to explain away the curses, but the inward spirit and the flaming sword won't let him. Through the bonus given to tobacco-growing, which varies from 2s. Gd. a lb. on leaf to 4s. Gd. a lb. on cigarettes, the state has lost £700,000 in five years in revenue, and practically the whole of the tobacco-growing is done by Chinese. The Sydney manufacturers, who do'eplen didly on less than half the bonus (difference between excise and Customs duty), are astounded at the extravagant liberality of the i Victorian Parliament. Mr. Tucker has toned down his figures, under persuasion, and con-, Bented to say that while the state loses J £700.000, the gain to smokers reduces the loss ; to the people to £518,000. In tobacco manu-1 lacturing, GC0 persons are said to be em-, ployed. If they only divide £50,000 out of the £120,000 a year which manufacturing costs the state, the average pay is but £80 a head, and half of them are women. Through the woollen industry we lose £70,000 a year, of which only £33,000 is paid in watres. Through the excise duty on spirits we lose £50.000, and the loss on sugar runs beyond . £100.000. No wonder it hag been seriously proposed that when any new industry oflers to start itself under a protective duty the Tieasurer should say " How much will you take not to start V Were the. enormous sums lost in revenue paid awoy in wages the} " popularity " of protection might be under- j stood, but some of the most highly-subsidised i industries neither pay a "living wage " nor observe the eight hours system. Their employes are principally wretchedly-paid girls. I The Eight Houra organisation is one of the established and respected institutions of the colony, and it is therefore allowed the privi lege of not only interrupting the street traffic for a few hours while it is providing the public with a sight much more interesting and iutelligible than the Lord Mayor's Show in London, but of holding a sort of Adams's sweep, in what we fear is express defiance of the law. The officers of the Druids' Friendly Society were threatened by the Attorney General with a police-court prosecution if they held an " art-union" drawing on Easter Monday. We wonder how long it will take Mr. Isaac Isaacs to reconcile the preference shown to the Eight Hours organisation with his conscience and his fealty to the state aa Crown law officer, as he has been able to reconcile it with his political interests. We have no mealy-mouthed horror of sweeps and art unions as methods of raising gate-money, but if they are wrong when promoted by the Druids and right when promoted by the Trades-hall or the A.N.A., of which Mr. Isaac Isaacs is occasicnal spokesman, the distinction iB too fine for us to discern the justice of it, and we are at a loss to see how a law so administered and officers so ad ministering it can command respect " The '4iTfnce,,'*it,wa9once said of a despotic English monarch, " finding that greater opposition was often made to him when he enforced the laws than when he violated them, made his own will and pleasure the sole rule of govern ment, and on every occasion of emergency considered more the power of the persons he might offend than the rights of those whom he might injure." The remark exactly fits Mr. Attorney- General, who has suspended or violated the law to avoid offendiug one class of persons, and enforced it in the case of others whom he is not afraid of. The most estimable and enduring principle in the Eight Hours movement is the one for which to-day's unionism cares least. It is founded on custom, and in British com munities customs live,grow,and flourish where statutes become obsolete. The new unions desire to have the eight houra principle enforced by Btatute where at present it has not been established by custom. They do not or will not see that unless a statute has behind it a body of opinion as strong as would suffice to establish a custom it provokes opposition, and is evaded with all the ingenuity which men skilled in finding loop holes in acts of Parliament are able to suggest. Practically all the skilled and most of the unskilled workmen-all unskilled workmen whose tasks are hard and regular-are undei the eight hours system. A skilled trade hat no difficulty either in organising itself into s union or in enforcing its legitimate demands in regard to rates of pay and hours of work ing, This seems to suggest that the true direction towards ' which effort should b« directed is making all workmen skilful, per fecting them in the fitness which enables ' the individual to successfully maintain the struggle for existence which every livinj creature has to go through. The dream ol the socialist is to suspend and do away wltfc the struggle for existence for workman bj nationalising the meanB of production, &c; But that aim, were it attainable,' woulc inevitably bribg with it the destruction « society, and melt the means of production intc ' thin .air. Your socialist community ooulc not bold its own onlegs i'^^nih ; kept pace by inter-oompetitidn' ^^.'1 and character with the nnita (societies competing with it for po^ZTl the riches of the earth. Under E, * teaching unskilled workmen have JS been standing still, but telJTngSJotl't put no more merit than they can hri* . < their work. The heatareMdri?,,?'0 to the pace ot the .low, and fcr" 7" rawed that it will go "ell wia Wo. comply, Mr. Trenwith, whoZ£ tZ machinery was ever invented, is one of men who teach this melancholy doctrine I? is not seen that the civilised world owes mi its advantages to machinery, whether itb' the press which has given us sixpenny books and penny papers, or the engine which drives a steamslnp 20 miles an hour over theoceln Mr. Trenwith sees only this-that in spite S improvement there is still « residue poverty and misery. A residuum of povertv and misery there always must be ; the fault is not in invention but in mankind, *2 always will have a slowpaced, an unl^ky 0 a wilfully careless rearguard. Mr. Tren'with contemplates getting rid of the reargua 5 under socialism by putting people who won't or can t work into gaol or handing them over to the executioner, we are not sure which. It is hard to believe that a colony which can behave with such lavish generosity a ^ ,ctor,a doea to select clusters of individual can ever have had a moment's worry about payments to the public creditor and the balancing of revenue and expenditure. Jjy the differential spirit and tobacco duties tlm taxpayers of the colony have cheerful; r burdened themselves to an enormous amount to put wealth into the pockets of a fortunate few. By the indirect subsidies paid to share holders in Gippsland coal mines they are equally generous upon a somewhat lesser scale. The examination just made into the affairs of the C oal Creek Company siniplv discloses an ingeniously planned and thoroughly successful campaign against the public purse, conducted by a handful ot private speculators. The figures published are expressive, and quite easily grasper] During the past two years (hard times in many localities, but a halcyon period at Coal Creek) the country has paid a bonus of £10,625 to 15 favoured individuals who hold a half-share in this mine. To the total num ber of shareholders (300) the amount thought fully handed by the Government during °the two years is £21,250 upon a paid-up capital of £10,175. So that the Coal Creek shareholders have received from a considerate country interest at the rate of 100 per cent, perannura upon their outlaj'-a profit,be it remembered, not spent in developing the mine, but thank fully and silently pocketed as such good gifts ought to be. When worked out the figures 6how indeed that the subsidy really paid is considerably over this sum, but £21,000 odd is all that the subscribers of the £10,000 capital have seen lit to actually allot them selves in dividends. Like Clive, they feel, doubtless, astonished at their own modera tion. The channels by which this bounty has flowed into the pockets of the few gentle men-Melbourne money-lenders and others who are the chief proprietors of the concern are . easily traceable, although some how no effort, is' ever made to trace them when a bill for the state con struction ot a fresh coal line is before Parlia ment. Briefly put. the contract price for coal delivered to private customers in town by the Coal Creek Company is 13s. 8d. per ton, which, less 5s. per ton charges, equals 8s. 8d. per ton at the pit's mouth. Yet the price extorted from the public customer (the Railway department) is lis. 6d. at the pit's mouth. Furthermore, certified tests have proved that, compared with the price at which Newcastle coal (more valuable for steaming purposes) is obtainable, Coal Creek ooal is only worth to the department 7s. per ton at the pit's mouth. Consequently for the first it&r; far more is being taken) a bonus of £13,500 is paid to ihe shareholders, or during the past twoyears £27,000, In addition to whichallcoal supplied by the mine to outside consumers is carried by the department at $d. per ton, as against Id. charged for Newcastle. It is well that theGippslandcoal should be mined, and the industry encouraged ; but the ques tion is at what price. And ought the State douceur to be simply dropped jing ing into the pockets of a few sagacious scripholdere. At last week's conference of the State School Teachers' Union papers were read by several recognised authorities on education, including Professor Tucker and Professor Laurie. It is getting to be felt that there is something wanting in the teaching given y the state, and what that something is< be gathered from the questions which thin ing men are everywhere debating in thee times. The books of the day are occnpiea with social problems. The world « coming alive to the fact that there ore factors in human progress, the sejf-i^j""* principle which teaches each man how to outfor himself, and the ethical0'-!e0!®. .' religious principle teaching him the owes to the society of which be is a me . The state is the expression of the socio ^ ethical principle, and yet, in th® 8° rI)g maintains, the only thing the stat itself ebont is the development of th regarding principle in chi'dreo. aeviU that it does for them is to make deve ^ of them. What the individual owes ^ fellows he may learn in the P!aJ^ . ' t ,'t he receives no practical r p."ae jjas in the schoolroom. The Bible L _£<> of long agitated for the reading ° P objeC. Scripture. Professor Laurie see ^ tlon, because the Scriptures are end all-important as literature. ffb;|e tion to such a barren P"^8®'1 r tboijc8, it it would close the schools to the would do little or nogoodfoitber ^ The programme is too poor. So®*"1 $b)e it than a few mtaufcea' reading instruction wanted, Tbfc whole ®cte®e . t 0f vie* needs revising from bcbave When we eeie how in gun<W" twelve a fM boat's touching. * i* fall lamentably Bhort of perfection. ] i Some mutual friend should take Mr. Turner | (with hia collaborator, Mr. Lsaacs) and Mr. j Kingston aside and convince them that the controversial letters they are penning to one another-each requiring several weeks in cubation-are not nearly so smart as they think them. In fact, if, like Mr. Toots's correspondence, these epistles could be smothered uuder the writer's desk lid aasoon as completed, no one would suffer in the least, and the common cause of Australia would gain immensely. We have little or nothing to say in favour of the Turner-Isaacs fulmination on the subject of the reciprocity treaty, but in the latest lengthy retort to hand from Mr. Kingston he devotes pages oi Government stationery to scoring points that a fifth ? form boy might justi fiably chuckle over. A slip of the pen by which the Victorian Premier spoke of Australian " unification" Mr. King ston pounces upon as an excuse for say ing "My Government will resist it by every means in its power. AVe will similarly en deavour to advance Australian federation." Mr. Kingston knows as well as everybody else that Sir George Dibbs's wild imaginings found no favour in Victoria ; yet he con tinues : - " If, however, you have been captivated by an attractive phrase, which you have either misunderstood or used with more than poetic license, I would respectfully venture to express the hope that in our official correspondence those terms may henceforth only be em ployed the meaninc and force of which are fully appreciated by those using them, and which precisely convey their views." A palpable point enough, but a most paltry one. And this is followed np by more tedious harping upon the disputed boundary question. In writing upon the subject directly the terms of the projected New Zealand and South Australian arrangements were made known, we did not conceal the opinion that Victoria, and, in fact, all colonies which had talked federation but done nothing more, would cut a poor figure in any remonstrances they might make. And 110 poorer figure could be imagined than Mr. Turner presents in clamouring that other colonies should study Victorian inte rests in their tariff arrangements when she has confessedly never studied theirs, or in expecting (if lie really does expect it) that Victoria can obtain concessions without giving any. At the same time the point which Mr. Kingston conveniently slurs over, viz., the provision that the contracting colonies shall rigidly maintain existing duties against all other colonies, is distinctly and needlessly anti-federal in character. Is it an impossible act of self-abnegation lor the two contending Premiers, now that the controversy, as it was bound to do, has de generated into mere barren bickering, to judiciously edit their own letters with the foot-note-.'This correspondence must now cease ? There are at present decided indica tions that the treaty will never be ratified. But whether it is or is not the result will not be due in the very lea6t to the literary exer tions of either Mr. Kingston or Mr. Turner. Mr. Holder, the South Australian Trea surer, is premature in coming to Melbourne to give us instruction in bimetallism. True, any kind of Bpeaking, if it be on the bimetallic side of the question, is good enough for the Bimetallic League, the mem bers of which, like children listening to a favourite Btory, are delighted to hear the same thing over and over again. But Mr. Holder argues, not like a thinker, bnt like ft lady, lie is delightfully unconscious A f \OA R it Udue to appreciation. our Daniel come to judgment is not aware -or more likely 13 aware, but will not admit it-that the " price " of gold is fixed in gold -i.e., you receive at the Mint in exchange for the bullion you hand in the exact weight in sovereigns. All the Mint doea is to cut up the bullion into pieces of regulation size and stamp them. The bimetallists propose no such procedure with regard to silver. They propose to assign a value or price to Bilver in terms of gold, and make you believe, under act of Parliament, that the two metals will always stand in the same artificial ratio to each other. What the supporters of the Bingle standard contend is that Governments and Parliaments have never yet succeeded in maintaining an arbitrary standard, and never will. As soon as the relative quantities of gold and silver produced out of the mines di verge from the normal, the natural or market ratio of the two metals muBt diverge from the legal or arbitrary one, in spite of the inability of self-confident gentlemen like Mr. Holder to see how it can happen. The finding in the Adelaide tannery strike case is a charming specimen of judicial re fining. Mr. Justice Bundey and his six lay colleagues report that when Mr. Dowie and his men agreed to a reduction of wages, to suit the times and trade doings else where, they broke an agreement made in 1890 between the master tanners and the union. Consent in Buch a case does not over ride the law or the agreement On the other hand, the Court finds that the union wilfully broke the agreement by calling all hands out because it had not been consulted. As the agreement of 1890 had in several respects be come a dead letter, and as the men raised no point about the three months' notice the Court seems to hare laid bold of a nice technicality. Since the union did not con sider the agreement binding where it pro hibited a strike, why Bhould Mr. Dowie be compelled to respect it ? But the absurdity of the situation is that after having inter fered it is unable to offer any practical recommendation, and the dispute will have to settle itself as if the Court had let it severely alohe. At the same time all parties must allow that inquiries which end by showing that everybody is in the wrong, in cluding, perhaps, the Court itself, may serve a useful educational purpose. To make Mr. Andrew Lang angry you have only to smile at his serious efforts to revive belief in old ghost stories. Mr. Lang hopes to meet some day with a tangible spirit, and meanwhile he is strengthening faith and ex pectation by going over all the evidence to be found in old books about ghost appear ances. In the Nineteenth Century for Febru ary he compares "ghost Btories " with " beast stories," and asks why, if naturalists may believe strange reports as to what cats and dogs have donp, we should disbelieve in what we are told by credible witnesses about psychic phenomena. As a matter of fact, neither every-day people nor scientific men repose any real faith in marvellous beast stories till they are established; they trive them provisional reception till they are proved, because they are entertaining, and not impossible. At one time the belief in ghosts was universal, and Mr. Lang's un happiness really consists in his having been born too late. He should have been a con temporary of St Dunstan, 900 years ago, when that wonder-doing man used to be visited by the devil. One day, when the devil put his head into the cell, St Dunstan caught him by the nose with a pair of red hot pincers, and held him there till" he made the whole neighbourhood resound with his bcllowings." " This notable exploit," says the English' historian, "was seriously credited and ext^led ;by the public," and it insured St. Dunstan a reputation which real piety "could never have procured for him with the people," who were Saxon English men. If such miracles were thoroughly credited in St. Dunstian's days, but would not be believed in, no matter who reported them, in Mr, Andrew Lang's days, it is evident that the old ways of proving ghost and similar stories will not now answer, so the old stories had best be left asleep in the books which contain them. Mr. Huxley has a passing Cling at the Andrew Lang coterie in the March Nineteenth Century. He points out that we always have with us " people who cannot be got to understand that the absence of proof against, is not the same thing as die presence of evidence for, an as sertion ; and that the occurrence of a certain form of the would-be miraculous in every age, and among all nations, is not the least reason for thinking that there must be 'something in it' beyond the folly, or the fraud, which competent investigation always, shows to be the 'something.'" Bat the writer who has made Mr. Lang most angry is Mr. C. J. Minot, who in an article on "The Psychic Comedy" in the North American Bevieu>, argues that " literary training sets limits to the faculties," and fills the world | with intelligent victims to imposture. Now tbat the war in the East is ended, and that the treaty of peace has been ratified according to the terms dictated by the victors, it is natural that there should be some speculation as to the future. What are likely to be the results of the extraordinary rise of Japan and the corresponding depression of China, not only to the two oountries chiefly concerned, but also to the other nations that have dealings with them? That Russia should be greatly disgusted at the way things have gone was only to be expected. She hau long had her eyes fixed on Corea, where there are ports far more oommodious and accessible than ice-bound Vladivostock, and to see them pass suddenly into the band* of an energetic rival is naturally very galling to her. But whether she will take any overt steps to assert her daims is as yet nnoeftain. she baft sent put her Mediter ranean fleet to join her Pacific squadron, which looks rather suspicious, and when it arrive* at it* destination she will have * powerful naval force, something like eight ironclads and twelve cruisers and gunboats. Captain John Ingles, who was chief naval adviser to the Japanese Government for many years, has stated that Japan's fleet is double the strength of the British Pacific squadron, and it has been greatly strengthened by the annexation of the Chinese fleet. Although the Japanese will have fewer ironclads than Russia, they are far stronger in cruisers, and they have the advantage of recent experience in using them. On the other hand, Russia has more heavy guns. Various reports are current as to the intentions of the other powers, and it is said that Germany and France will join Russia in compelling Japan to modify the terms of peace. But whether anything more is meant than joint diplomatic pressure, to which the Japanese ia the hour of their triumph are not likely to pay much atten tion, is problematical. It is not easy to see why Germany should assist in any measures the effect of which would be to strengthen the naval position o! Russia in the Norlli Pacific. In spite of all the rumours to the contrary, it now seems to be certain that England will not interfere to deprive Japan of the fruits of her victories. Russia has hitherto been the standing menace in that qnarter of the globe, and Japan must become far stronger than she is likely to be for many years to come before she can be a serious danger to British interests. Apprehension has been expressed in some quarters that Australia may be threatened by the naval power of Japan, and attempts have even been made to raise the "yellow deluge" bogey. Australians, however, may regard the situation with perfect equanimity. If one result of the war is to make us better acquainted with the Japanese, it will doubt less be as customers for our wool. The in habitants of the Land of the Rising Sun are ambitious to become a great manufacturing nation, and having by the treaty with China obtained an increase of territory sufficient for their expansion for a long time to come, it is not to be expected that they will raise op enemies on all sideB by an aggressive or domineering policy. 