CURRENT TOPICS. Mb. Gavin Scott, who is in a position to speak v/ith authority on/ the subject, 'do, ciares that there is a gqod market iq Eng land, arid probably ou the Oontinent of /Europe, for our timber?. - Ho has boon over ) thegrourid.nridho knows;. Not only so, but during; his., reosnt visit he succeeded iu floating . n company / with a capital . of ' £50,'60p/fpr/ tho purposo of dealing with ; Australian, timber. . Podplo"' in England | would riot piit/their money into such an rente! prise union they believed that it would bo successful.- And it ought to bo success ful Whou, it is borno in mind that tiie 'railway companies in Groat Britain uso Baltic deal for sleepere. This timber is not rcmarkablo for its stability, and its life is probably not one-sixth that of ironburk. Softwoods are also used for paving purposes in London and other English cities, but the streets constructed of this material are certainly not of a high-class character. Thoy aro speedily worn into ruts, and tho blockB being porous thoy harbor a great deal of Cltb. For road- making tho timber used by the Municipal Gouuuil of Syduoy is probably tho best mate rial in tho world. In a few years, if tho business is properly attended to, tho export of tinibor from New South Wales to Europe should bo very large, and it shonld also bo profitable to all concerued. But Mr. Gavin Scott appears to be of the opinion that tha sawinillers should have tho smallest sharo 61 the profit. He couiplains that they havo put up tho prices of timber, and declares that "there is nothing to warrant suoh a coarso, and everything to condemn it." We do not agree with the critic. It is pretty, well known that for a long time past the sawmillero have had s bad time ; in consequence of foreign compel tilion they have mado no profit out of their business, and now that a demand is taking place for Now South Wales hardwoods they very properly feel that they should get some benefit out of the trado. They do not see why all tho profit should go to the com pany that Mr. Gavin Scott floated. ' If tho followers' of Mr. Keid in tho solidarity party do not understand politics they certainly do know how to blow their own trunipetB. They produced a mighty blast yesterday evening before a small and apathetic crowd in Errkinc-etrcot. Talk is ail they are capable of, but. if that pleases the fiscal-sinkers amongst the working classes we at any rate do ?ot complaiu. It la entirely their affair. The labor, members who talked so big yes terday evening havo not bo far done much for the " workers," and, bo far as wo can loaru, it is not expected by the . work ing men that they will -' do -mnoh in future. But they will stick to the Reid Government, That appears at present to bo tha sum attd Bubstance of their political creed. Mr.' Ekid, thoy assort, has broken his promises, lie haB dona nothing to -improvo the condition of the working Masses, ; and -ho >is a -poor aliok gonorally, but- they would- oontinuo to sup. port him because thero was a .possibility of his fulfilling soma of . his pledges. Nothing was to bo expected front a Govoi-rimont led by Sir Gf,orcib Diiibs, although the last Dibbs Administration had -provided more employment than any of its predecessors. According to the present Ministry it wont too far in this direction, and so tho Crown Solicitor was consulted for tha purposo of getting his opinion as to whether certain local contracts for tho supply of water pipes oould not bo cancellod. If tho poliay of the Reid Government is endorsed, hundreds of bootmakers, candlemakers, ironworkers, clothing operatives, &c.;, will bo thrown out .of eiriploymenc before the oud of tho year ; neverthnless eight out of the fifteen solidarity members deolaro that- it is ' their duty to support-.that Government. They have sunk tha fisoal question, but they will stand 1 by Mr. Reid. They; profess deep sym pathy, for: the farmers, ' but they will agree to . - tho - abolition of the duties upon agricultural products, .although tha consequences /must , be disastrous to the farming interest. When they have filled tho measure of their political iniquity they will probably lay tho blame' upon those members of the Asseriibly whom they oall Conservatives. 1 But we doubt if thoir lama representations will deceive the. majority of the working men in the metropolis, ' Mb. Edward Pulsford is very- seriously afflicted with the scribbling disease. But strange to say the objects of his attaoks in the newspapers are riot, protectionists; but frce-trado members of the Assembly. Not long ago bo girded at Mr. Wise; to-day he has made un onslaught upon Sir Henry Parkes, " It is not the case of a. thpashor attacking a whale, but oi a terrier nipping the heels oi an elephant; Tho elephant will not take much notice ; it amuses ' hint, Mr. 'Pulsford still beliovcs that ho -is a force in tha free-trade party, but he is greatly, mistaken. The - notion ought to havo been knookod out of bis hoad long ago. What ; the freo-tradors ' think of ' him has boon mails manifest at two eico- tions. Long boforo tho last ' dissolu tion of : Parliament took place ho eolooti . a nietropojitan .constituancy, and tried to work it.up for all it. was worth. He had to retire from tho fitld becauio- tho heads oi his party saiv thqt he had not the ghost of aohanoepi being elected. Since then Mr. Fulsford's very. Blight, influence has further decreased. But his vanity has grown in proportion. Alio his impudence. Ho knows all about the fooling iu the country, Yot it Beams to us that the. fros- traders gjnorally now support tho: platform of Sir HkiiRY- Parkes. It is quito /certain, at auy rate, that: -thoy are not attaohod to the policy of -.the Reid . Government. Did not the majority of the. fr»?-tradors who voted at trie goneral elootion hope that Sir Henry would soon be restored to power ? If they did not, what was tho moauing of the ' magnificent rocep. tion given to tiip veteran 'when ho passed through the streets' of- Sydnoy on tho ovouing of the polling day? With tho exoeption of tho Daily Teleqrafii what newspaper of any importance heartily supports Mr. Reid? Who else believes that he is the chap to save tha country ? Do the working classes, or the farmer?, or tho squatters, or the merchants ? Is it not the faot that his Ministry is weakening every day 1 And '.his in spite of the faot that he has promised to abolish tho import duties on hundreds of urtioies. If Mr. Pulsford's influeneo wore equal to his egotism he would pro- ' bably succeed in saving the Government and smashing Sir Henry Parkes, but tho faots being the other wqy about his support . of the one and his onslaught upon tho .other exoite only derision. ' . 