IN A NEW EDEN: SOUTHERN TASMANIA by Randolph Bedford. MESSRS. CLARKE'S YACHT "CLYTIE." WELL then :— It is country of the Sun, Full of forgotten yesterdays, Where time takes summer in his care, And fills the distance of her gaze. In the beginning God made man Out of the wandering dust, men say, And in the end his life shall be A wandering wind, and blown away. But ere our wandering dust be sped, And ere our lusty days be spent, In isles as these we make our bed, And soothe our souls with their content. For, though man builds the city stern, And hems our lives with steel decrees, God made a land where we might learn The joys that only come of peace. And calls this land to all the world, To men burned in the Northern drouth. A message to men seared by gain— A call from the cool Derwent mouth. And so, from fiercer climes, and harsh And scorch-ed Northern wilderness, And steaming tropic fever marsh, We come to taste thy loveliness. A land of surpassing loveliness, of mountain, grandeur and sustaltic sea—-shores with all the beauty that the Southern currents make, and all the storms and changes of temperature —and flanked by peaceful English hedgerows of red and white thorn. An English town with an inclination to sleepiness—-cobble-stoned street channels—-an open sewer, so admirably graded that the drainage looks as clean as a gutter in flood time—-and South and above— Wellington in all the coolness of late snow. This is Hobart and its environs. I see no great necessity for remarking to you that on a certain day, in a certain year, certain uninteresting Englishmen founded the only unpicturesque portions—-the only blemishes—-that the picturesquie island has. It is unoriginal and horribly English to consider that no place had any history until the Britisher wandered along, and if I am not Australian- National, which, according to Max O'Rell, is un-English, I am nothing; and as a matter of fact I am a very great deal. Tasmania's European history dates from the time of its discovery by Abel Janzsoon Tasman, that intrepid Dutchman, who beat up and down Storm Bay for weeks vainly attempting entrance, and by whose discovery only the English benefitted. He is a geat figure, is this Dutch navigator of 1642. He was sent out by Van Diemen, the then governor of Batavia, with orders to explore further the earlier Australian discoveries by the Dutch. History, which is mostly a lie, says that Tasman was in love with Maria, the daughter of old Anthony, his superior. Either Tasman's boldness as an explorer did not extend to his love affairs, or she was very old and ugly, for although he named Tasmanian islands and capes after her and her father, and tacked her full name on to a feature of the New Zealand coast, "Cape Maria Van Diemen," he shines as a voyageur, and not at all as a lover. And Tasman's age at the time of his big voyage—-forty, and his heavy Dutch figure do not lend themselves very readily to the weaving of a romance with fact. At any rate he found Tasmania, he forced the passage of Storm Bay, and then he sailed out on the waste of waters, and the wilderness of history in which so few things are obvious, and so few men true. He has had as a reward the sponsorship of one of the finest islands on the face of the sea, and the admiration of all people. Abel Tasman is exceedingly dead, but he will live for ever in the memories of men. The French, in the person of Du Fresne next came to this island just one hundred and twenty-two years ago. In the following year, Fur neaux, Captain Cook's second in command, touched at the island, and in 1778, Cook's ship, the "Resolution," entered Adventure Bay. Mr. Barron Field, who was the antipodean equivalent of Judge Jeffreys, used to write verse—-very bad verse most of it was—while on the bench. He wrote some about Captain Cook's landing at Adventure Bay, but as the metre has no springs, to it, it can't travel this road. In 1791 Lieutenant Bligh landed. He planted 7 fruit trees; then he sailed away again. Six of the trees died at an early age, and Bligh lost his one big chance of earning a deathless name. At this time the French were the great naval exploring nation. The Comte de la Perouse left France for southern waters just in time to save his gallant neck from the brainless soulful Revolution which destroyed the good Frenchmen whose democracy was not of a suffi- ciently insanitary character, and all the bad ones because they were bad ones. In 1791 an expedition was despatched to find La Perouse or his fate, and in September of '92, when President Chepy and the Man in Grey were dooming their "thousand and ninety" men to massacre, Rear Admiral Brune D'Entrecasteaux in the Recherche, and Captain Huon Kermadec in the Esperance, reached Tasmania, discov ering not the great man who had sailed those seas before them, but merely new features of that unknown island which made the earlier discoveries so valuable. They discovered the Derwent, Bruné Islands, the magnificent waterway of the D'Entrecasteaux Channel, the Huon River, Port Esperance, and otherwise left the names of themselves, their ships, and their nation, as memorials of French daring. Tasmania belongs to the French and Dutch people if right of pos- session or of discovery counts for anything, for the French cruisers coasted the island and landed long before the British. In fact so strong is this feeling reported to have been at one time, that a certain Count Dillon endeavoured to enter into negotiations with America for the capture of the place and to form it into a French penal settlement. This, however, owing to force of circumstances, never came off, and a conflict between some whale ships was the only issue. Settlement was made in Sydney in 1788, and ten years later the Englishman for the first time after Cook distinguishes himself in Aus- tralian discovery. Dr. Bass and Captain Flinders having to be educated men for the sake of their positions, had the chief characteristic of the ignorant man, in that they were absolutely insensible to danger. In a 20 ton sloop they made a voyage of months duration—-they circum- navigated Tasmania, discovered that it did not belong to Australia, they proved Bass Straits, sailed into Port Phillip and Western Port, and traced the coast of Australia from Cape Otway eastward and northward to Sydney heads. FRANKLIN SQUARE. Bowen was the first Tasmanian Governor, settlement .being made, \--at-Risdon; just away from Hobart, in 1808. In; the following.year: the Port Phillip- settlement was broken up -anda removed. to .Hobart, brining, up the strength,of the colony, in bond.and free, to;aboput (60. 'lthek firstsettlement atRisdon; hada about .30 .officrs and soldiers, Swith i Oimle prisoners to do all the n o-pk In this iway . lusitre ~was . added to England'scrown.'' Of course everybodysuffered hardship, from tli 'Governor .downwards.. ýThere werei;no roads, !n -,bridge.s 'no meains of locomotion, no house .comfoits,: and :ini any. less loyely:i clmiiate'than thisthe .results:.would liaye ,been disastrous to, settle-,: menIt I Bt in spite of: all that. man could, or could not?do, jth.., populatisn thriyed,. because the magnificent i-slaad that had been throwi at them forced them to prosper. Then the free settlers were removed from Norfolk Island and established with free- land and rations at New Norfolk and Norfolk plains. Especially in New Norfolk can be seen the traces of the old Norfolk Island immigrants. Old Enilish village churches, inns, and hawthorned lanes—you might say that exceptng the magnificent southern climate, some old covenant ing Enl.ish: amlet had been removed bodily to this location. The S.S. "WAIHORA." trail of the serpent was over these Norfolk Island immigrants. Even amid:all these primitivenesses they clhing to-the eastes 6f the dld world. iWearead .that ' they, were diM?idet into 'three classesonbii ' idtrict to ,each" class-according to their .wealthlanl station:'.: ?is?:?s the imported, hiirnsides introduced foxes, and other importedi persons broonghbtrabbitsandthe yellow gorse,- too'i??ifoia in oiderto make it "English," these )New Norfolk emi rs diintrde:u is fed to perpetuate mi\i Tasiania the: actes',of =Sqaiire," r?'t and ."ohawbacon; '_and, thank God,' the, astebe'lief'1angl shed if'i?id not .die;iintahe newicountry, simply'boause itwas niiew. ': ; ::Throudghmany ,years of ?tliistory6hicitis iotplea'aantreain, went :this island, whichbshall one'day be one of the 'tars? in the' felerated SAustraliagfli g. h :Threatenediwmith li breaktd tarvatioiin, owing;;to the perfunctory. style of cultivationand the tirdy- arrival, of -wheat ships, allithe classes felt the pinch, which, truth to say, the whdle 'ivrld-at 'the.timeiabsolutely without inachinery'or'rthe scieiicewhiwch'lias since increasediproduction thousaid fold-felt then Bu Bii~we ?i~ n the year 1894,-and-the meniwho werehungry anid despairingiii n806 re now very very silent on their sufferings ' WVhen the colony had reached -its seventhl year, Governpr C`ollins attempted to establish a paper-the Derxoieit Sai r"' There ;vre no politics,-no taste for literature probably because manyof ý'em couldn't read, and-alas-no advertisements. Wherefore;:the' :paper died shortly afterrits energetic founder : In 1812 Hobart was laid out+by Macluarie;.the'Governor.n-chief of tjheAustralias-the streetsfwere named, :and in- the 'followini year trade and.exploration increased; Captain IKelly discovered 'IMacquarie Harbour and Pt. Davey, tle 'first corn ship was sent to Syd~iey, some foolish Whales were harpooned -inthie ;Derwent,'and the great lilubber -industry was founded. Three yearslater ,good Andre Beiit started the Hobart Town Gazette, a'paper-which-up'to '1825?was considered a very valuable institution. iIn this year-Tasmania;?aas'decreed-a-separ ate colony on petition, and the"nui'ber-;of free' iinmigrants increased .wonderfully. And here something as 'to theconvict system and the lahd settlers who 1had;become fre' by servitude. The system was-not necessarily a -brutal one-it' was merely fat-headed, and so left room for the injustices of the comm'anddanits, whowere -nearly all callous, and some of: them fiends.: Great awkvward boys from:thie"English agricultural districts were transported' for poaching, were' herdedfor months with the lowest of London roilghs, and still lower soldiers and gaolers, on slow tubs insnomered shlop which couldn't sail sixrmiles an hour-given into inistad .of a briain, asnd yet despite ill this, many-of these men iicaie out of thfat.hellfire clean and straight- heroes and martyrs- In old Sydney a man' utafter dark would run from a policeman for very fear of being assaulted and robbed, and the thinkingluman in Maria-Island or Pt. irthur in the thirties would have said to the' convict -" Give me your hand !" and to the gaoler '"' Dorw, you- Iscariot, to the 'outer limbo I" Under a system whllere dog ate dog and'thel"geood oonduct"-prisoner became a gaoler, what couldi happen but that the-manly men of the prisoners shouild remain prisoners,;and that 4the mamingerers' should thrive ? Most of tle emancipist settlers were impossibilities as farmers-they we're 'incleanly in their persons :and their dwellings, and their fasrms 'were almost permanently .untilled. -And as- was fit the old 'Van Diemnen's Land died;' and the newTansmania'fi whioh you see. to-day w.as.~ade by the' free inmigrants:who landed ietween the late.twenties and the forties; andwho made of agriculture 'soimething ixmore than a name EachE free , man: dughis field and planted his orchard,. and eah; as that sweet singeer, 'Victor J: Daley, hlias it, made a little home , ..... . . h?ee once 'aer; gum e tres gaunt aind stark, ' Anl bloodwiooedh saveddgreen feathered foam, . Working fronirdawn iif dayt, darki Sl. : iithat dark forest formed.a';rame, ::... . For-vineyards that the gods miglt bless, . And what-was savage once became? " An Eden in the wilderns. , . The; diseovery.of.gold in Victoria, ,undoubtedly,! made Tasmania a .elt-govening qountry much= earlier': than'ritmwould hiave otherwise i become... The enormous demand for +bmildihgn timber :made Hobart ..a poritof:.great iinp, ance, andfabulouis" sums' wre netted .by the owners of timber areas.' ,The founder of the Cascade "Brewery did a :wonderful- trade in timber supplies from the slopes of MoimntmWellington, so through this increase of trade and the general:desire;for:self-governmentLýasmania .sttrtedtoel;e?t her first parlianient :iri1855il when Melbourne was 17 years old, anid Ballarat only four.n `i::T :_,ii Tasmania probably more than' ahy other Austrliain province must have federation, and that quickly. Cehtralisition 'is 'the.Island's bane, and a swift democratic.federation policywhliihwouldw;ipe out the extravagant paraphernalia used to playing at governing -150,000 people, would be exceedingly welcome. The industries"ýof athe southern portion of the Island is described by"Jason" at some length else- where, but one big industiy--thlat' of thei:tourist-can be described in a line and a half. The tourist comes from the four winds of heaven, pay his money and goeth away more fitp satis fed. If I wished to: ' tork sarkasi," I should say that the "chief industries of , othern Tasmsni were Mount Wling :top, The Toi st, Bron fiver, and 1icPhard, theJ eadwater at -the: MIetropoon!a o Ho l BTut as i epnd to b fe;ditlytruth-. ful, .so long as can-besowith out .induomg-.1eeng disease, I mgr!ylyon ,tatthie imber na roi ;e tltr: de. are be gu inpgng boo; tt ijmlinng is Somas i pdTesý t), fd that further, information can be secured by personal study. Shall I speak of the people first ? Who says that " Hobartonianladies-. aregtsa rule beautifoul,?,'ThegYas ? bon'di·~z whas , b ecam'o.e-little, -bohoo? toT2 =a ,Z' . lynot+ minet n obart, j ???JHoan s10, ws~i I--. ,'-saw, n thie ?idaes in ~IS8Iand arith< whose bIotut:i fought te raico-=x Gerniai wars wheret'his co^usini ie C6ont wa'dsi( eronslya'wonded," but I do kno he make oath and say t the average ly is bloomin? and a+he id c dairy maid e\ thatshe is 'try, aud\ as a inl nbe faulffiqey Her'lssalth o ander rosestoo roba?`t, aild h hmake of muscular man. But I am talking of Hobart, before 3 I have- reached .there,;which like- all go-od: Christians I -do sby the, Union Comp- s, .ine . -?,There :ire iewo as:: J? reacin,- Hobart by the ', red O.e.. ay e?ia s wFith?:dhat .prince.; of skfippers,Captain Sas of the.Pateenari to. aunceston and zhenc, e by, train; ind the other 'direct to Hobart; by thie acnowai, or -some other, of- the. company's.big boats whick drop you at the" oot orf.Elzabeth-steet,. stay a few ..hours, and then - steamp-down; ,Stormi .3ay ag ain and.. so to the Bluffand G(oine bc way, of Launcesto~it ou S areit w13hours at sea; clearingaPors Phiilip at: dusk and reaching tiLow Heads at the next dawn. The Tamar is.1ittle,less fine than pthe.Derwent, and the fourl.hburso.prun from, .the Heads to Launceston.isa succession of c: Ihangn y lovelinesses 7 The :Patena is a fit representative in these;waters of the Union Company of New Zealand; the largeststeamer company south-:of .,the line,.and eighth; onthe list of-the -steamer- companies otf the. world. SThirty years or a so b.ack the jUnion Companys,. fleet consisted, of the Go lde. .no , a .-small. sideheel steamer, trading between New Zealand Coast Port and: Dunedin.r9,Tr. 'Jol!n Jones was the principal shareholder in what was:-then known asathejarbor S.S. Company, and ? on his death ? Ir. Jas. Mills, ?then: an employtin tliis picayune navigation concern.bought a large interest.: Under his able manage mcnt the venture aso; progessed that six years later-in 18i5-he formed the Union Company whiach opened its ivee steameis ware ordered 'from rEngland, and with these the new company carme to be known on every coast of Maoriland, and from Dunedin to Stewart Island.. In 1878l the red funnel came into Aiustralian waters, buying out MeMeckan; Blaekwopd:and. Co. pof 3.elbourne; in 1879 , the: Rotomnahana was:launched, and people flocked to see this wonder, then, as now, thefastes stseamerin the souch. :To-day the Union Company trades between Australia, Tasmania, , ew Zealand • .and:America. It absorbed the Black Diamond Line about eight yearssgo,, and Bthree years back it incorporated the - Talune, the O.nakh, Patena, Corinna, Mangana, and Moereton, by taking in the old Tasmanian Com- pany. Now there ware 51 steamers, with a tonnage of 56,643, flying the Union Company's flag. The Maoriland, Tasmanian, and Aus- tralians lines are of course held by the Company alone, but in the New South Wales, New Zealand, and American mail trade they act in con- juiictipan: with; Messrs. J D. Spreckels and Bros., of San Francisco. The S,!Union,; Cosnpany i,are Ithe.i: booking -agents: of the SotitherniHemisphere. -To ? the volcanic; wonderlands, of, ew S Zealanddsarid mthe ;West QoTasat: fords and the highest waterfalls in :the S world,. -and ? .Mitre: Peak,land . all the :,beauties - that::lie in:Lthat Southern. S:Dutch-discovered island, the tCompany S is iiis ,own"agent,at ndits:own guide; Ibut it fis also osent,nforthe principal American ;:Railway:!:Coinspanies, ,-who ;,are, so to.speak,: affiliated;to; the -A. antd:A"eroiute; which the Union Com pany has doneeverything to popularise. SOf- coirse'the' reater part of the Tasmanian: "passeniger ltraeic is from lMelbourne, seeing that the city by the.. Yarra sends steamers to two Tasman ian ports: and that all Union steamers buind to 1Z. froin Melbourne call at iHaortt Buit an imliense trade is doin bets eenL globart and Sjdney, tht f 1e e.ithie "GOerah," doing nost of the iobrk. Indeed, the Oonau, like the Pateeuia, seems nes er tb rest. The courtly .r David Mills, man a s, Goba ly.'s' besiness iin 'ictoria- and tola-i- am indebted The Unionl C y employs 2600 ':lenwho colio n l 000 a year in .gihad steamers in San Francisco, Melbourne, Honolulu, Hobart, Dunedin, Sydney, Launces- ton, Auckland, Calcutta; they had ships exploring Milford Sound, e-abd2jying off.Toaga and4Samoa. 9fla` -ofthese daysoy- exampleiofA - r iliah smartnes ye wil ran t oin ainlheat the Cownp i?m rowned3: -bye the -ingl is i nv '9e 'als6d the ??an '?steamers fiirnceso aesnte nhy 20,0000 tons ocylasgf lrh cairiedn 102,000 passen aersniea who iulioa Wharf, 3Iel ouzne and swintas-t aboat three o'clocl vefu y and> Pidav At about,11 30; aievery We-nd - n3neer?, sheo bties up e ston-up to time, as ifshe we 'a t;aps, and the billows of Bass Strai :a- line of immoveable rails- and the course islfest so. Rarel-y in the season atany-rate'isthere "weather" :.; inthestrain s -There was such little w?feather onl my lasttfrips that Itcalled -the- PaIccua a "ferry, which nade one of: the> engineers, who beliepes in , pthe steSamet and. the line, exceedingly -wroth. : . .The PaL- ena is- a beautiful passen ;.ger-shipshe couldn't have been better. ,if I had designedi her, but she ceriily would :have been I worse: Eien the nmouldings of: the stateroor doors are of exquisitely. finished and fitted satiii 'wood and the panels of birds'eye iaple' Captain .Sams is:his own pilotzhe, : swina:,his :ship: and:taks' her doiwni' : the river, and brings! her from wharf to whart. This, I learn, s a littleway roost Union skippers have; nearly allof them have passed. as pilots. So; after a doien hours of a" - crdle `roc?ing, aild, a rejuaenati.g hbot' ea water'bath, and a few of the six :eals a. day which the Union liners `erve, we Hobidrt. During that time you may goo to the Gorge and jee just a little of thle ine?pressile beauties of Laun ceston, or you, may see a friend and _say-to him . " What's yours 1 " Being young and actie, I found time to do both.. So, at three o'clock, having seenijst enoiigh of Launceston to make ; you wish to stay in it for ever and yeer; you board.the train for Hobart arid plunge, along the narrowi ;gagse through English wheat and oat fields.=: (bless them!) and the Enlish-- gorse pest (hang the man who planted 'em) with gliiupses coming.now and after of that ;wonderfully.durable convict made high road which goes from here to Hobart. Fifty years ago an old English coach --Dickensesque :and Wellerish--with a coachman wiapped in a;great coat of many capes and .diverse buttons, and a guard tootling the " lusty horn "-used to run be tween the towns. Then rival coaches 'came, and that of course "produced Sbetter :horses,? until it came :to be that?:a coach. ;Would-carry yoii the?140 . niles,:from Launcestosi to -Hobart, iri: 16 -hours, and do: it for less 4thad 5 -shillin;s. :Such is the result of:coipe titioil "What fine horses,":say you: 'And what fihe poor wiretches- who made. this greathighway without aparallel :even among the old cemented -Romai Shighways. The railway system of Tasmania is especially designed to carry people into as many Ederis-as exist in-,the T.id : (and they, are ,,e` ,idesign ?aon-d- eect.of allthe arrangements. made 1ýy;3ir±:`Back, `n, general; manageiT, iasedh p yAb Aiy f to in the, h laudrpei e- who'butrfor his tabula-. .fon dof routes adex.teasion of con- - -vesenoes,' oudh d o haveleft Tasmania iyout seendo iif itsi bealty Thus, train the careless aveller would miss i tichancenorm bettin ig by daylight ia and thie Coal River a efa neci a'tthei idiwaiy system tells e ouwbre aidi when to lookb for such~ From Osapansar n the' night de ii ver1beaintifull ;ere-e places where ,the, lin skirt i ring toe iffs and depth?o is ýjhmost circnlar -ithine the lensts of thei train andkithe ight of the curling carriasges witli the gleaming rails like silver snskes meetin? ?ah?-,i finity, and a mere thread of a stir ai many hundreds of feet below, isP vey grand. For quite a mile after leaving an almost interminable tunnel the train skirts enormous basaltic cliffs, which have a new beauty given them.by the moonraysh and -so onto: thridiewater and-the Dery ent-skirtiing this noble ,river and the bold hills risingfhron its depths e for 14 miles.: t o You reach Hobart atnine, and se cure one of the luxurious lanidau-cabs :soft rollin-, drawn uby two hoirses; and furnished 'with a patent etori tinner -who sitteth on the .riglrihaid of the bo setat, and holdeththe reinis. What a drive it is froinm the station, throurigh te soft moon-silvered towin, a dozen landauis leading following, and abLreast of your owniand amid the thick scent of theililac andthe may. Hobart in the day time; approached from the sea, -.is -Anitralian; from the -land, English; .but to drive through it, with. the moon rays stirring the night,.is to. Abe inman old fiast, nanughty;, European city.. At any rate, my companion Ssmoked reflectively for two minutes of the drive and remarked, " What a fine Monte Carlo this would make 1" So rar, tnen, we have done with ;the railways. In next issue we intend to describe the Strahan and Zeehan line, the Fingal-branch, and -the, beauties that -lie. between the buffer stops atýaLunceston- and Ulver ..stone.: M:3eanwhile ,certain railway .pictures, are crowded out; -butbefore setting aside the railway 'description I must express wonder at the ridiculously small charges madde for-such rail excur sions ai New Norfolk. S-So now ve have lafded in Kobart, and reached Henry Forbes' hotel, the Metropolitan, i'ii'uriray-street, wh:re most of the good men gather, and where flourishes, Richard, who wotteth of the yarn of '" MeKinney the Aged," and of how Mrs. Wells-found the INew Zealanid ,maple. But 'before these things are told you I have to arrive by the-direct line, 'and tell you -of the coast and its kaleidoscopic eauties. zYou may leave- *Melbourne for SHobart direct by the firaroa, Alono iwai, Tarawera; or Malnafourt; aocord ing to time table, and reach.Hobart in 35 hours or so, never losing sight of: laud: iThe. Southern coaist of Australia `is not idst n ntil affgr Yilson's Promon; tory ha oiiedslwn ster;a mLdh hen tse 'sandgroups of. Kent; Fluiders, and:: intiflt±hgeSwan Tigt comea out of the sea X AM tlie'way is a. succession. of, rock .and':bekaee. d-a ' the ?-'n'ty-ofKs scarcely ir-rarm tit-ý aves and'sslke? sands; and you-pass Maria Island, . where Abel Tasmnan hoisted his hard i heded nation's flag. Then the ship rounds Cape Pillar and Tasman's Is " ?lnd;' and wrecked mountain-circled Port; Artliur, with its load of memories sitting eavily o&it.; The authorities hae'ddoe' all they can to obliterate the old lines here. The bells have dis- appeared, imany of the buildings have been demolished, the old names of convictdom have been made obsolete, arid replaced by other-words,. which are like the tales told by an idiot, signi- fying nothing." The old church was wrecked by a bush fire, and is now a picturesque ivy covered iain, with fine oaks, aind murmuring beeches flanking its ruined sides. Just off from Point Puer is Dead Island, where over 1500 men, principally bond, are buried ; but, mind you, the historic attractions of the-place can never rival the natural' beahties. Tasman's Peninsula has all that God can give it, and no man wants more than that. Cape Raoul from Port Arthur is a little over an hour's steaming. This headland. is unique—its organ piped columns are still very beautiful-but they must have received great damage thirteen vears ago, when some thick headed Englishman, the commander of a man-of-war, started big gun practice ..d-siheareti-into fragments a great deal of the cape's beauty. That naval person is cursed energetically by every IHobartonian who is old enough to think. And having passed the organ pines of Raoul we are in Storm Bay, so named hv Ah,! Tasman, who beat up and down for entrance for many weeks. When the Derwent Heads open out into the Derwent with the deep blue wooded D'Entrecasteaux Channel flowing abruptly south, you hear a .chorus of "Ah's" from the male passengers, and from the ladies various ejaculations of admiration, such .as "'Iow nice!" " Pretty,?isn't it!" *These .woien i?ould.call the seventh ,'heaven "nice."-.. .I cherish a'bright tlhought of a two days' ;excursion. on the noble Derwerit. The idea is to charter a steamer, the Taranla if you can get h"er-wvhich I could not-and go out for anytime from a: day to:a weel. Leave iHobart if :you cia inthe grey spring morning -while the sun is still -asleep; and the miorniagainbow.on Mount':Wehirgto n yevtii sible. There ,is ijusta " ieitteslsvereint air; cool $nou -'to :be Edoihfortable, when te-steamercdas off bliut very soon ,tyir b ?le.w l and breeze?' pencils the asaer black, and the fishers' fleet shake their sails free and bear off before it, steadily seaward. So for a minute sky, steamer, river, land, mounitain, and fishing boat are hodden-grey- and then a rose spire of the dat-n climbs Bruni Island and tinges the channel, and the light.house, and- the fleet of the fishers,: and our own ciaft, and gilds Brown's River cliffs for the twentieth part of a second, and passing, leaves it for the twen tieth part of a second in obscurity again; and then more: spires fanwise, and more until the lightdam bursts, and the flood of the sun .pours into every cranny anda nail hole, hnid.-gilds tlihdust that hangs inm the little cabini. Herethe siun rises without warning or preparation, and with the suddenuess -characteiistic of the latitude: .... Round the cape of a sudden'came the sea, And the sun looked over the nountains' rim; And straight was a path-of eo-d for him, And the need of a world of men for me.. And,. this need of company always suggesting breakfast, we go below and eat. All day we explore the channel and its reaches and ports, catching excellent rock cod and gargantuan perch. or going ashore . and towards after-oon we meet a west coast steamer on her way to Hobart with silver ore. The Zeehan liner passes and goes hull down, and at five o'clock we swing our steamer's head Hobartwards. I don't know whr it is that Ishould desire to drive every cab I engage, giving the cabman the seat of honour inside. The inherent desire for power, I suppose. At anyrate, on this day the :cab-driving -mania became the steamer- steering mania, and the skip per, . who treated me iith all the re.pect duetb one of the people men tioned in his charter party, resigned me the wheel, and having pointed in a direction where I will swear there was absolutely nthing at all, told me to "lay her head there," and withdrew :stern. It seeined to me that I would not only "lay her head there," but her bones also. But I took the wheel, and having discovered which rein you had to pull to persuade the steamer to turn to the off side, I- called "half speed" into the engine-room pipe, and we crept along the channel. This evening is the father of all romance. The setting sun rolls his gol den cloth away from Brune Island, and the heads, and the curling water on the bar; there is not a bird call from the bush on either hand-not the smallest thunder of the sea; even the steamer engines pant suppressedly, as if inanimate steel and steam could feel the glamor of the time. And even the noisy amateur fishers we brought with us are silent-they see that everything is thoughtful, and so are fishing- in their own souls for the apparatus which enables one to think. There is no sound to break the spell; No voice of bird or stir of bough. Only the lisp of waters wreathing Inlittle ripples round the prow, And a low air, like silence breathing, That hardly dusks the sleepy swell Whereon I float, to that strange deep That sighs upon the shores of sleep. -"" All things beneath the still sky seem.'-: -_ Bound by the spell of a sweet- dieam:" i I l . In the.dusk forest, dreamingly :.?::::: Droops lowly down each plumed head.;"' : =-'? The river, flowing softly by, =-- : Dreams of the sea- the oquiet sea Dreams of the unseen stars, and I- - Am dreaming of the dreamless dead:; And so we fare on past Brown's river, and skirt the road that. lies: coiled through the bush by the sea verge, and on to the spit at Sandy Bay, - where my erratic steering causes one of the amateur fishers, who has recov ered his tongue, to ask if I intend-to go overland. As we reach the Hobart wharf, the sun is "dying like a ?dying fire" over Wellington now almost. enveloped in mist, and Bellerive, and the garishness and hideous stucco of - the Exhibition is made beautiful for a moment. Oh, this dawn in the chan nel and. this sunset on Wellington I :But if to day there be'scented.air and:the ghost of a:kzeplhyrStorm Bay can show thereasol: for,;tl naime to morrow; then'great foanimflecked wild eyed seas rfish at"the 1ighthousi aiid shriek on the rocks hand d&e-n; the bay there staggers a ship of :thelred funnel, closed in a frame made of turbulent waters, and blaick sky, afidwhlie lights. For most of the year the bay and the estiuary' are =calm as a 'lagoo"n in the Lotus Islands, but "Winds will vary, and wise and wary, the patient fairy Of water waits; All shrunk and wizen, in iron prison,,till spring re-risen- .. Unbars the gates. . Till, as with clamor, of'axe and hlim?mer chained streamfi'tat?siniier : ;r', : And struggle in straits..--: .. :.::_ Burst bonds that shiver'and:thswa deliver, The roaring river in stormy spat es.; -" In fierce June weatthr- i..ves.bleak tether, and whirl'together At either hand. : ". Like weeds upliftedtie tree trunks: ifted,. in spars are drifted.; Past swamp :and sallow, abndcreed birds ,, callow, thro pool and shallow. To wind and lee..: Till no more tongue-tied,; till;, floods?"and young tide,.-. Roar down the rapids and storm tea As men's cheeks faded on shores invaded; when habreward waded ::. :1 .i 1 The lords of fight. ,., , .; ,z When churl and craven, saw hard on haven, -the white.vinged raven 'At'maininast. height : ' 'Whe "men 7-afrigt?g'tod, " tn windward:, :-'sighted, the'birds full flighted,- ;:. Of swift.sea kiugs.?,.: ".; ,-:' ai-.-:: Soearth turns paler, shen storm the sailor, Steers in withi a roar, in the'race of his. This is written to please ine, and incidentally to provide me with a living. It doesn't please me to write that furray-street is at rightangls,_ to Liverpool-street, and that Elizabeth street;has a grade of 1 in 40-you can find out all that for yourselves. For the same reason I allow the purely formal 'personages: to passe without mention. But I must saysometihiig: of Forbes' -Metropolitan Hotel, the. historic building of Murray-street, and once the Union Club--the first club in the Australias.' Three or four doors off is 3Miller's Corner, the first prize in the Bank of Van. Dieman's Land lottery, which is spoken of fully in another column. Of course, the .old. club premises have been added to: and modernised, but .the old part of the house has the:' mullioned windows, the queer doors, and heavy.., lintels and coved passages:-- The Metropolitan is the oldest Tasmanian coaching-house. It was the head=: quarters of the fast overland mail I told you of some pages back, and its'. importance attracted to it the menbers of the first Parliaments, just as :it attracts to-day most of the best people. : -tourist or resident-that .Hobart· holds. Henry B. Forbes is the pro prietor, and an experience of 'his' fine house and his own comfort-loving: ways makes me say that he is the-ideal landlord, and if lie could have been anything else bpt a landlord, he would have made a big name as "a, singer. Ideal afternoons we had there; with : the organ trembling in the Red Room; and IMr. Forbes intoning ' Nazareth " arid "The Holy. City." Here I met the best' men I hope to meet ever--or at least met them through.other friends I met lhee. .. There were Dir. Abbott, M1r. Pilliinger; Minister for Railways, Mr :Fenton, M.H. A. for 1Yellington, 1ri. Symes, Mr. Pdder, Inspector of under the sun, aid of many, things that knio .not the earth,. Mr,, Williami Forbes; who.rrepresents Patorson, Laing and Bruce, 'Mir. Oscar EIedburg, : r. Moir, Mr. "W illie". Guesdiop , -;Mr Motton, Mr Tom Wisenman, ofiEmu, Bay.3and miany pthers jtoo numerouse to meition a unless this ,paperp is to, be printed on elastic.n :y t y . t < o it I secured an assortment of-gastric'I enteritis during my stay att . obart,, and I:cainot easily forget. the dieh teroestesi l:ndtI `ot r `te" 11 z PorI e nor the funny sptres told4Y Rchard; the head waiter Iele it wa the kindness ani the yarns ,that The dining room 'of the efetrop6litaiia" is a place of eiting I shall not find. a substitute for without trouble.. There are: th brightest of rooms, the ferns in their sap-green, artistic gleams of the fine old Union Club silver, the., snowy cloths, glimpses of the shrubbery: through the half-open mullioned door,: and'half a dozen canaries singing a To e Deum. The private entrance, the isola ted dining-tables, the perfect system of ventilation and bath water supply, the loftiness of the 100 -rooms,. and the tastefulness -of their furisliings, make thlieMetropolitan as much a home for the family as for the unattached trael l1r, and there is no better table n Austrarlasia; and no better:_estaji~i sneit" enerally than ithat ro by ýSaold Bay ~ Browns Riven roads as fai'as fie shsoi:tooer :at any rate, must hbetra ersed. Froni the shot tower one has a clear cut viewlof the De- ent, its entrance; a its light house, and Hobartwards, from the shot tower, .there1are., hldgerows :of-: haw,-: thorn making Ihazy the cornorei.-. tl. crooked;;xoad.: I.plunagetl from the:!: roadside ,ito a ,gullyy.,where-rediarid.: white..thorn, and:the. flowers oftth :t musk made :the: air: heavyyand- over.-', hanging the creeping gutter at the foot:.. of the declivity was a bough of red thorn, and in that bough, invisible, but certainly no longer than half-a hiand, ..a.birdcata...andsang-.Being lazy, and disinclined to disturb the bird, I sat on the bank and smoked, and quoted Browning to the whin bushes and the musk: " This is a spray the bird clung to, . Making it blossoin with pleasure, -Ere the high tree-top she spring.to, . ::F:. it for her, nest, and her tieasure.:::. Oh wihat a iho e?: beyond meaisure. -. Was the poor s ra a p whiithe flying feet So to be singled ut, built in,'and sung to. ble of Tasmanian shrubs 'and Enghlish .thorns is a great marechal niel rose, ablpwn from God knows where, and -ikap^Sau-b find or flood. Or it was uttin: roght by hands willing ;enugh.to ca rM it'hoide at the time of p - icking h :n-casting it down this :'=gully iiBheer hsguistAf its possession. *' Atisanyriat'*'4-·hie^re, and I enjoy this king oitirOses which was once a beggar looing for home. And a :home has ~ere been found it-among \-- ild fuschias and ?he sickening scent of tihe -msk ?bloi? aind the thorn sprays. nIsn'-tf ai arliw ?-he of the deep ieligioiuthouili the slasher of all humbug,' andh thesa1l7e.i r of all church \- ianity 'whob. says-.: - ,.-The God'who:count - .The stars oii the dark mounts Of heaven rio?rloses one, Will let ni.frail heart break, And for one- daisy's sake He would create a sun." An early morning drive in one of Ikin's 'buggies d;lon"g 1the" Brown 's River-ioa3, is a pleasure reseived for-:-; men ainduiagels': I 'lon't'believe it'dwas made foi"'wOomanis "fdt 'th?i -verage womaina: pprrcia tes .a -real l'suiise'a'd little :lests -ithan"i sheldo;s irdali:lacei,' The scenery its such a~iimbla~ldid' thi'' road'ain?dir there lisd'sosmUnch 'gener.al beauty :tliatbrie hfis'm?ieye forddetaiilIi and I needniot' worryab'outo desberibing'' that damiir busi by: -heroad sidej dew '* pearled&'anidl-fr;ýaraanti-and iiblistered : by-the stihbeause Teniiyibon'did it so' iong 'igo~iilnd hiiwvords fit this1pladce almost a?'oiwell as: tey'do thliiEnglish'*l woodhe'Wroteobf-'. J'11 ,' au'V'i !,':.''::; "I had wandered fart! -': '.- !ii.: .' . *i: In this lold .woodifresh washed inebldest The.maidenisplendors of theoinrmhing gtaV ,7" Shookid.the stedfast tlue'" '"' ..,.'[. Groiwthi bf'jaasiiirie irned "1 :*.*0 '!i'i fi r Theirhiumid- drmstifest6oiingt'ree totreeq i : .And ati he root, through.lush green.grasses, h 9.0browned '. ' i" ' For "jasmine" say ,tlie. stfarikef ' "supple Jack," and fort "anei?i? 'ysa'"eth," and you hav- tlieisl * by Brown's River. Early !in the twentiest.ie1.q i< fine old English hedges ofha:i?8ih and apple and pear trees ~:were bi out, and these being planted,.to i day beautify the island ii a-manner. very: seldom seen elsewhere-; In i.thi :H6obart 1oton Gazette of 1821 appears an advertisement of 250,~000 ofthesei 'plants for sale. The reslvs.hWas been that'parls of the island :-ive ibeen'. i.transforied into English|laies. The. ido.iblereid hawthorn is very fine, a'd;? wiiniiS lme'wttite "on, w f ieness of t 'ay het 7k,"fCrms1.70 iaufl 0: cofRs't?. plices may .be seen-ola' whliteha?ir orA iMte Swiliaw hugg6 iray'f'lof" s ou)ip ow mgtir'heauile'trunit' *if t iia: it is i possiAe toilescribe and one requires'to attenl'a spring wild flover showV to understad 'what t ' really is like. i is a country fl9i owrsaid'of birds. All' rond tlie gullies'.f the mountains and'. hills surrounding Hiobartfithe song of the, gold finch, he skylark ýand ther-.English. ii.ds sing as :h ey, smi hnowhere else" be t i the" old world. ,The accliaisaion has been perfect anithey .alimost'empl one: to forgi-e.the ~3iitisher forhiav?ing cursed Australatia with'rabbits'xes, fos, and orse. . The ~anpk: of :Van Diemen's ,Land? i of whose first lialf dollar note I give.a J: reproduction, is an institution (now of Tasmania would ie!,complete with-. out its description. There are; in intimatei' Cdibeti?i- `with" 'i, it, ~ratI" memnories iuilpfitiful memories,.too. Founded.;inr,l1823;,it flourished :from: its inception right through the e~ioch h of convicdouii iht?othe ?eadde; f booiFiiq of .tleeig htly's. Then?disaster,?mnetit That wl ich1a sparse,.,populationp,fet-, tered,production, and_ anC'ofenter prise could not.do for it the.boom:did,.: and it- succumbed.; but vwithi agigat: prpunse, now on the road to redemp tion," of. fhiltiimat, Damen?t .of.. V.D.L. succumbed, and yet .its : pros-,: pects were and; are infinitely brighter1 than: those~ ofi many. reconstructed, Australian. banks cnan ever be:.-, The only fault was that the Tasmanians ,had..notlearned._ecoonstuction,.and. rthe ; result .is that-a great ..lottery 'e nk' roperties pro ee gp and the. :investor of .one Soffered epossibilit of ne downwards::: The. figires of the bank's balance i sheet for 1825,` two6 years. after its yestablishment,, are very ..iFteresting. Colonel Sorell`; was governor' .when the bank wvas'first :olened, and G. A. .Kemp and W. Lawes were its earliest officials. "In :1825 ? the 'deposits Saimounted to $108,598 (Spanish dol lar?svaluied at 5s. the dollar), and half , dollar. n:ntes?swere issued;.: The Lan . y. ceston branch was opened in 1859, that at Zeehan in '89, Burnie in '90, and fWaratah in '91. On the 1st August, '91, 'the bank finally closed, the - deposits: theh being £960,000. Nine shillings in the pound have been paid in the vayof liqruidating dividerids' and. there is: not the 'slightestiidoubt thiat the-full poduia's orthf liabibility will beml t, because the valuationii for: loans were not'overestitnimated,*arid the: bank: really, suspelsded for want of time;: to realise.?l..Thista tatemmnt:; 0of.the:t valuatibnssexercises l great effect on'i the purchasers of tickets in.the lottery, for the, rizes being correctly valued, the odds of success are, exactly as they are stated on the prize8 ist No calls "have yet been" made. iionthe share holders of theb?nk, and the bank's property is sufficient to pla the bank's debts. The lottery, then, is merely a scheme for the expeditiois realisation of the assets, and :not'a sweep for over-valued prizes; iiflated:a a means of showing -illegitimate profits.: The Tasmanian legislature has' recognised this fact, and passed:" a special bill to allow the lottery to be proceeded with. The trustees, Messrs. Fitzgerald and Hart, receive applications for tickets at Miller's Buildings, ,Murray-street, Hobart, and their agent, George - Ada~ii, of Telegrapli Cha'mbers` Bris. bane, does likewise '. e illustrations in; another portion. of this.issde show somne of, the pripci pal prizes, in the. lottery., The,first;:.: pize is.a,ver'y fine block of new v.build-',,: in gs, stbdivided into shops?andoffces, at the corner of Liverpoolnand?Murray streets, :Hobart. iost of the offices," and all. th'e shops.,are let,i and: thQ stock and fit'tings of one ofi?the finest -, chemist's shops in Auiistralasia, ? ?lued at £9900 linded cost, bring the, value of the first prizeto £'Ni,0G00 The second, prize is; th"e Orient?' Hotei; ?, Murray-str eet Hobact sith oodyll furnitue; fitte in'gs adtwco ad oining , shop,: value ;£22,O00: The third , prize is alued at £12,000, :.the fouriit;: at ..£10 500; :.'the .'fifth , at;, £9000: Thien follow , two p izes,of : £8000 each, ine of them -beini the baiinnag preises a .Liaunceston, tiwo of £6500; tlre'e of 6000Q, the! banking premises 't .Devonport,: valued at £5000,four prizes of £4000 ach, five of £3000o -7 .beeen: £;2000, and i £2500,and then 4pzes6 p in iell graded values fom , £1800 to £100. Only tim for three of. these prizes .are uminproved country lands, the major ., ity of: them bein 'city :properties, "or complete" going concerns. : ,There. are four large sawmills, a bonded store,. hotel and'shlop property on tlhe' Zeehan sil' er-fields;'a coal mine, 35 acres'of subiurba~ land 'at Wellip, n't ,, over 50 snug ell-stocked farms,the barques Natal Queen and Acaci, a, a steam' launIdidry the brigantine Rachel, Cokel the steaimeriLouie the bankinLg premises at eehan, land at Cairnsf (North Queensland), and.. Adelaide , at Don, and mianyother things,too long:topermiit details. The totalodalue ., of the przes is £300 000;.secured by 300,000 shares of .1 eac... These are-.l rapidly e"ing subscribed and early P,.pplcatiosi.is.negessary to.secure-.an interest in the.-only..land or ot er Jottery "which has express Govetn 'menit "sanction.: and xwhich: can be eied on. etcirinmg to thefortiinate '- eshminat:itewh a lue &regard; 'hfo e preenti lump on real estate: i I the tvenities not only dd the banks issue: the dollar-note, hbnt, he tradespeople of Hobart Town also..: In those days of drin head court-martials and one-sided trials, coin was: scarce enough, it being compulsory to produce as a guarantee a bag -containing five hundred Spanish dollars, which were held by the treasury as a security be fore a grant of land could be obtained:: As the bag was shortly' afterw'ards' restoied to itso'ner, it' iiiy be;' imigined t'ihat the Samie .b~ig' did dutyi for aiinumber of different grants:: Thei issue by 'the" tradespeoplhe of di'peri money go? over? '-the difficulty bof a': shortness of currency to some eit~etet, and in order to further facilitat" the exchange, s'ome' coined theiri{own' penca:.and hi'pence. These ?wdre{i stamped out of old ships' copper shet. , ing;and were bf course redeemable. on: ' demand_,Theycontinuedin airoulatioia: tor a considerable period, until a araii of coin arrived from England. Of the days of Sir John Franklin, the most distinguished, though probably not the. most- worthy of Tasmanian governors, many interesting stories are told. Not the least is that of Capt. Pascoe, of the schooner " Breeze," who was commissioned to meet Sir John and Lady Franklin at Macquarie Harbour, after their exploring trip overland to that place. The spirit of adventure was keen in the heart of Sir John, and in that restless desire for knowledge of unknown places, and the indomitable pluck which distinguishes the explorer, and has distinguished him from time immemorial, Sir John determined to explore the island from Hobart Town to Macquarie Harbour. Although the distance was not great, the nature of the country was such that it comprehended a great deal, and it was only after extreme privations of a month's duration that the party reached the mouth of the Gordon rivei.' There'they were met by Capt. Pascoe and party and taken on board the ' Breeze." This schooner as in the Tamar river; and was ordered to sail round the northern and western coasts to Macquarie Harbour to meet theparty on arrival. Prior to starting, Mr. Ronald Gunn, then police magis trate at Launceston, strongly advised Capt. Pascoe not to proceed to meet Sir John Franklin's party without carrying some snuff " Yo know how fond Sir John is of snufi" said Mr. Gunn,"'and to meet him withoit it would be a bitter disappointment." Capt. Pascoe called to mind an'old shop he had seen in Launceston, old even then, wherein was stored some all of it; I believe. On arriving at the head of the Gordon river, lie found the party awaiting his arrival. Lady Franklin was reclining exhausted against a log, and the remainder of the persons comprising the expedition were cooking, or washing their clothes, or cursing their luck. On landing, Capt, Pascoe greeted the party, and before almost a word was said presented his snuff-box. - "Thank God !" ex claimed Sir John, fervently, " I have found a good friend at last." They were all safely conveyed to Hobart, and the story became soon a house hold one in the Island. In the possession of MIr. A. Morton, curator of the Hobart Museum, is an original letter written by Sir John Franklin to his private secretary, Mr. Henslowe, giving- a brief description of the journey. There were some great artisans in Tasmania :in the old days. Port Arthur prison eonta.lidd a la fe .of loi tally-nadeblbelis:: Thly, were sweet:` in totnejiatld,.oitdetful in poweriroon-:i s diderinksheirelthsizi:.osoeopile bwrho>7 ough, to be judges, say ,that never. sweeter :chimutes wes ronre, '.perhaps' prison below themi;, bit' it is said that, int iiisically, they were' of the finest'. -metal and 'workmanship.. As proof of ~lihat could be done in the local castiug, of 'bells, the chimes at St. George's Chtirch, at Battery Point, Hobart, may be instanced. They have a soft, ring ing note, audible-at a distance, and yet. not jarring to the ringers.a. The Port, Arthur peel of bells are now~ at the' bottomn of the harbour; corroding hin the sea. .-History does not tell how they got there; but perhaps the wanton hand which" set fire to Port Arthur Church,. and demolished so many good works, was concerned in it. The traveller should certainly. visit the Ida'Bay Caves. To reach this spot it is necessary to proceed by. steamer- ' some 60 miles down D'Entracasteaux Channel to the Southport Harbour. Leaving Hobart at. moon- rise, a suc cession of views of great beauty are witnessed from the steamer, seen to peculiar advantage' in the soft light. The Aurora Australis towards midnight illuminates the whole of the Southern and Western skies in a perfectly' bewildering flood of prismatic fire. Just as the bar at Southport is crossed-the sun rises over the South.Bruni Lighthouse, and a fresh paborama bf beauty bursts upon the view. The way up the "narrows" is tortuous and winding, and at every turn there are new pictures, bright with the color of blooms, and sweet with the unpearled dew. Near the landing there is an English creeper covered cottage, English scented, and thrilled with the 'voices of English birds. 'It is a great early morning is this. . :..: Very briglt and very fine and very tender : Is tiheoldei sunlight on the laughing leaves Very lovely is the early niornings spieti?our, Sweet the lilacs smell beneath' the cottage :eaves; All things wake to vigor and to.passion; Lo !' the daisies paint their pihnk lips one' by one, . And the daffodils, in 'their old shameless fashion,.: Dip their robes in color stolen from the sun. The four- mile ~alk to the caves from the: landing increases in interest at every step, and 'the last mile is under the ferni trees, clear through the depths of a virgin forest.' Here the growth of vegetation is on an-extended scale,-so much so that one might fainey it \----.. ~,,,- n--I-s- ?5uoinlv: --A°_ turn of the track brings the party to a quite perpendicular marble cliff, rising a clear thousand feet. :'There is a big fall here, the stream leaping from the traveller's feet sheer into the air.. A huge piece of iock, like a great door way, apparently the size of the opening has fallen back, forming the entrance way. Here the scene is too subtilely beautiful for description. Tier upon tier. of fern trees and underwood mount, high up into the bank above, and surmounting all, are the huge forest trees, straight as arrows, and as -tall as my friends, the Gipps land mountain, ash. Far above a small opening appears in the green roof; it is where a forest monarch has fallen some time back, and through this a long shaft of gold comes, several lundreds of feet, as straight as a ruled line, falling into the water pool in the, cave entrane below, where it is caught aind retl?ceti by the stream. A second andifdhcted :shaft is shot at ati? ngle - tipwards :into tlie darkness! above,,.: forming' a V: shaped stream.oilight.;:; The splsshing of the stieamnsendk,uni_ a small spray, and a double rainbow is formed,. not the arch or bow of promise accustomed to be seen in the skies, but two complete circles of colored liquid fire, one within the other. The reflected rainbow carries another reflection into the darkness. .The second or upward shaft is ringed in a like manner.. A fly or beetle passing across this. is turned at once.,to a: glorious golden thing. The vastness of the opening chamberis apparent as. soon as you are inside. Theroof at first appears above, and, :deepening is: lost entirely. Millions of .points.f micaceous lights are on the roof, like the star clusters of the skies. .There? are- . glow-worm groupings of the insects forming the large stars and others' the smaller ones.. It is difli cult for one to disabuse.the mind thsat it is not night, and that one is looking! at-the skies. -The' Caves are easy of - access, and very beautiful. Seei by the light of Roman candles the stalactites and stalagmites are very fine-almost as fine as at the Jenolan Caves, N.S. W. The creek is with the visitor all the time. . Chamber, after chamber is passed, until at last a descent is made to the musicalchamber. ere a 'water fall of surpassing beauty is seen by the torchlight, the catek falling over a rock and into a hoifcular basin, some sixty feet below.? The musical chamber is a phenomenon elsewhere unknown. Stalactites have formed themselves with ithe stalagmites in bows at one nlacein a chaniewr.a e .s oJistanc-& -ew-oue a -. IPese-are olluw, and give out musical sounds when struck not faint murmurs, which require a long stretch of the imagination to re cognise, but heavy sonorous notes, and clear as bells, the lower notes being too loud for comfort if one is standing hard by. There are over four octaves of distinct and tested notes, and there; is no reason why they should not: be played as easily as any ordinary-instru ment. This is a thing which is worth all the trouble it has taken to get there. The creek'is followed all the way, and where it comes out is a mystery, only to be solved by further research. A wild part of Tasmania is the west coast. A glance at the climatic features of the island upon the map shows a clear line extending -from the north western corner to the southern end, marking the extent of cold and bluster ing weather over an almost inaccessible country. The coast line is bold and rugged,"iild receives the full sweep of the rollers from the Southerii Ocean, bellowing-like thorianads-of-cattle on stampede. Thelittlewestcoaststeamers bound for Strahan and the northern ports have a rough time of it occasion ally, but in fine weather the views are magnificent. Round Port Davey way tier upon tier of desolate mountains rise from the water's edge; all vegeta tion is dead and it has the appearance of a place swept by a furnace blast. The white limbs and trunks of the forest trees stand out in painful con trast to the darker lines of the back ground, and the wind cuts the leafless branches keenly and mournfully. Be _t??au. tho Groat La Pruse range and the sea, at Southport, there are vast table lands, almost inaccessible in the winter. A surveying party lately* crossing portion of this country in the month of July, came back with a story of what they had seen as romantic as it was extraordinary. " We got on the high lands about noonday," said their leader, relating his trip, " And when above the line of vegetation, kept on in a fairly even direction. For miles it was a rolling kind of country covered with huge masses of basaltic rock; excepting for the face of the cliffs-black and sombre-all was white; a hodden- grey skyoverhead gave a greater gloom to the place. It was not cold excepting when the wind blew, and then it was bitterly cutting. We selected a place for a camp that night where there were a few stunted dead trees, and got well away out of the chance of the snow. These trees were as hard as flint and broke off short like glass when struck with the axe; they burned well, however, and made a capital blaze." "In-the night the wind increased to a gale, and howled and shrieked around us as if the furies had been liberated. The. long . icicles hanging from the trees rattled against each other with a noise not unlike the clatter of'crockery. The snow kept on nearly all night, and wewere afraid of being snowed in, but it cleared towards morning and we got over safely." They camped out two nights and were three days getting. over. It was described as an Aus tralind Switzerland. They passed thirteen frozen lakes on the way, some of them a couple of miles in diameter. The sun-rises were described as being of surpassing beauty,- and when the beams struck, some of the glaciers on the summits of'the rises the eye was dazzled by the reflection of a thousand brilliant colours thrown on to the sky. The details of the trip were extremely interesting, and served to show what any hardy fearless body of men may occasionally encounter in the " big mountain " districts. One of the oldest of colonists is Mr. John W:atchorn, M.L.C., at present mayor of Hobart.. He arrived in the Island in '86, the late Sir John Franklin, of good memory, having then just entered upon his duties as Gov ernor. After some ten years of varied experience in those turbulent times, Mr. Watchorn voyaged in the Harriet Nathan to the Californian gold-fields. He returned in 1852, having suffered greatly in health. He then en gaged in trade with Victoria, and chartered the Flying Fish, Zephyr, and some= other vessels which among other things took large' quantities of Tasinaniano tisbe&r; thereto. During the'rash?lo the'digginr s in?Victoriabin j • 1864-5? Mr.'i Watchorn' engaged: largely in trade, but had by this;time. determined to make '.Tasmaiia-.his i home, and: returning::commenced a career of public, usefulness: which:has so far had no breaks. In 1876.he was elected an alderman,: and has held office ever since. He became a mem ber of the Legislative Council about 14, years ago, and was only: recently re-elected for a term of 6:years.: Hf has been acting Chief Secretary, on several occasions, besides having been a director of many public:Institutions; all of which were of general communal utility. Mr. Watchorn has, been described as the "Father of the Hobart water scheme," having exerted.himself for several years to. complete the new' storage reservoir,. which, under the supervision of Mr. James, C.E;, has proved one of the best pieces of work in Tasmania. Mr. Watchorn intro duced a Bill into Parliament, for the purpose of lighting the city of. Hobart. with electricity long before such a: thing was thought of. This measure was thrown out twice, and the people.. have since been sorry for it. .Want of. space precludes anything save a brief: mention of the career of this ,orthy. gentleman, who has occupied for many years a position of eminence in Hobart, and is publicly and privately: honored. Mr. Watchorn is in his 69th?year, and : has a wondrous large family. William Thomas Birch, town clerk of Hobart, has been well known to the citizens for many years. He succeeded to this important but not:.altogether easy post by the death of Mr. W.-H' Smith. Mr. 'Birch comnunenced his career as a clerk-in the office of Messrs... Guesdon and -Westbrook, on leaving' whom he was appointed municipal clerk of Hobart. His' duties were carried out so- well that: ultimately he. became 'accountant,. and here -his clear headed discernment of his duties won for him.the esteem and favour of the various aldermen. When; accordingly,. the late -Mr. Smith left the::position. vacanti. the:'City Council?: with one voice, voted Mr. Birch to offic..: From:' that. time Mr..:Birch, as: the :Hobart- . onian Fitz-Gibbon, has' only added to himself new laurels; and none of them:i \--old or n'ew-,show;n.any;isignsn of. fading. Mr. Morton, the curator of the Tas manian Museum and Art Gallery has, had a series of eventful experiences, and has travelled about the world far more than most men one meets even in the Australias. Born in.the Confeder ated States, where his father possessed a cotton plantation, he removed to England at the time of the Civil War, during which the. estates were confis cated, and Mr. Morton, senr., cast about for fresh fields wherein to exercise his keen business faculty. Being offered the Colonial directorship of a cotton growing company in Queensland, the family next took up residence in the tropical part of that province, but, subsequently acquired land near Bris bane, and settled there until a disas trous flood wrecked, the best part of their property, and a move was made to Sydney. From thence the son, having developed a restless spirit, .begaan. a decade of wandering ; travelling first to New Zealand, then for a long cruise in the South, Seas,: and returning to Sydney fired with an ambition'to visit' New Guinea, then a terra incognita. Finding many spirits "as adventur ously minded as himself, an 'associa tion was formed to explore' the un known territory, not without much expectation of returning heavily ladeii with gold, quantities of which,' it was currently reported; were to be obtained for the picking up. ; A gold rush in northern .Queenslanid, however, proved too strong an attrac: tion for most of the wduld be explorers, and the association 'dissolved, Mr.. Morton being one of those who elected: to become a lucky digger. 'A short period of disillusionment, 'and theii: a return to the old country followed, and, a visit to the scene of his old home ini America,; which liadledsii'eboifiscateda by 'the' Uited tt??°G(ioverim~ iýn,' and had lost whatever attraction it. had possessed in earlier years:' Tihe, Carlist movement in Spain drew bim? to' that coniitry, where he.passed ten montlis in the? idst'of the excitement of a civil war, leaving'again for the Siunniy South, and attempting' to:. settle in Maorilandl. Before many months had, passed lie Wis again treading Sydney., streets, having accepted a position on the staff of the SydneyMuseumni. New Guinea was then a little betteriknowin thai in the days whlien it was :talk, d of as a country where the natives used gold for the meanest of ornaments,. and even for cooking utensils; but it' was still'full 'of charm to the imasinm: tion, so'that'when the Museum author ities wanited to send one of the staff to accompany an expedition thither, he was selected"fortli'he ` post. -Nearly a year of exploring and collecting speci mens of natural=. history ;followed, while it destroyed hins illusions con cerning the.country, yetleft him fully convinced of the immense importance of the island ii. the early future. Returning from;iNew Guinea, he re visited the South Sea Islands, and was then sent by.- the M;iiseum to Northern Queensland, w"hence he returned to :take rup his abode in Sydney. "Aibout-~- year aifterwards he came to Tasmania as curator to the Royal ''Society s' Museum i, i Instit'utin "' which w.?was soon: "after' handed over, iwithl the Botanii~f Gardens belonging to the same Society, to the Government. ,Joined; to mucl natural aptitude, Mr. Mortoni seeims to possess.. an iiexhauistible aniount,0of. energy, and :works with .a ,whole hearted en~th'usz sni ithat alw ays spells success: All, educational anid.pliilan tliropic work in.'Hobart, as a. frms friend in him ,and his " faculty, for organisationiscontiniiuallybeing called upon in connection witlieither one or the other.." Mr. Morton holds'veralI offices besides tlhai t of .ciraitr. to 'tle Museum - he is secretary tthe Royal:; Society of Tasmnaiia, a membert of the Fisheries'Coinu issionbi Cairman of the' Techliidal Board, and is al6o ,ne 'ofthe.i commissioners to the TasmafianT?ter national :.Exhibition.' M. Moir??ton, who I aii hapipyto say is.a ave 'good friend of mune, won my heart by giving me some niateiial for :New Guinea stories 1these I hall .srite one day, and niake your blood creep. :.', .ii .The wharves around Hobart;; un fortiinately; ihave'not of late been too crowded,ý althoughs it' is not ?so :ery" long' ago since' there was insuficienrt accommodation for the ships:tradinu to' Sullivan's Cove. The vhlirfagehas since been increased to meet possible contin" gencies;: and the largest 'ocean-going steamers can' be' berthed right against the city- itself. With five mniles of a hundred fathoms'depth of. water for a?: steamer to back'straight out froni?the' piers one would fancy an accident to be an impossibility ' yet accidents 'lo happen,' although not of. a seriouis" nature. Two large accommodation docks have been.cut out for the simaller' craft, and these are largely availed of. What is known as the " Mosquito Fleet" of Hobart consists of a number of small barges averaging about thirty-' tons. Some of these vessels have very fine lines, and will sail, with a' good wind, almost anything of the kind afloat. They are built for shallow. water, some of them drawing, when' flying light, only the name of a draught at all. To combat the effects of this especially in a heavy sea,' a large centre board is fitted to each, and the quantity of sail which each vessel carries is enormous. They are all ketch rigged, and the barge race at the annual regatta is a sight for whom ever likes object lessons in the power of the wind on scientifically constructed There is no better place on earth :for a rsgatta'tlian> theiDerwents'at Hobart. The 'oursel is'iond'l fine sheet of war :with an- abrupt .ill overlooking;t thus. affording every : facility to thse-engaging in the pas time to go .throughthe holiday to the letter. Iiitlhe "Cup day" of Hobart. Every possible amusement is provided for the spectators ashore, and the programme of events is at first a bewil deringstudytothestranger. The sailing races go round a ten mile course, and the vessels are visible all the way. To the credit of Tasmania,- be. it said, that on sucha day as this- the day of the year, when as many as 25,000 people have assembled in the Domain and on the river the police records next morning do not generally show a solitary arrest for misconduct. Yachting, as a result of the water way, is the great sport. Some of the yachts built here can vie with anything in Australia, for speed, beauty and accommodation. The Hobartonian is a waterman from birth. Derwent yachting is enjoyed as a sacred duty, a fierce pleasure. A certain per cent age of the community holds high re spect amongst acquatic devotees for the way in which the sport has been advanced at their hands, and fore most amongst these comes the name of Mr. George Clarke, who with his brother Fred have helddfirst place as yachtsmen for quite a long time over seven years I fancy. With plenty of.time and ample means at command they. liave done more to advance the breezy 'sport in 'Hobart thaai nyoone else':peihaps in Tasmanii. 'Devoted' to-tie delights of the blue wat;er,"dii' ing the. summer months their yachts : are never :idle; and not only do :they : keep them for: private pleasure, and' sporting competition, but~'also hold `. out open offers of all kinds of pleasant:, excursions for any person who can becom6eagreaible upon a day's'outitig. And'ii sail over a 'summneisea with the' clianging , ater gleam on her counter;l: arid the whiteness curlin'g fromi 'the' boivs'of' the stately yacht as: she' lea?is froin :thl wind, is a spoirt f6r"'Gods.: Thlivisitor who seeks an initrodiiution to'tlie Messrs. Clarke need inever wish: unavailiingly for a day's health giviig' recreation;' The 'Clyti:'is' a' danidy" rigged yacht with a 40 ft:'keel; lOft.: 6in, beam; 44 ft. overall, and 'a daulit:: aft of 5 ft " She:is a cen'treboard l?oat,: and 'carries a heavy leadenii' ballast"' beloi water.-' She 'was bhilt byB Mi~." John 'Lucas;: in. 1887,- for crnuising moio-t.horfn s- 'ius*"a l-aniLls- on.Of the"fastest of her. class. 'There . are only four beirths in' the cabin, but `the: Clytie can stow iaway a good number'" of. passengers.: "She sails with five men, but when racing requires a heavier 'crew.' M.' George Olarke is. sipper, an.d ill. shor carry. his cominmand to Melbourne on .a, cruise with a pleasure party.' ,niongs, her, fittings isa well 'for fishi iwhich' is in itself a manifest advantage 'particui, laxly when out 'in blue water. ''A sailing trip in te Uylie is an event to be anticipated with interest and re membered among one's finest day's. Mr. Fred. Clarke had, in course of construction when I left Hobart, a new yacht, which he launched on Nov. 17th.: She is christened the Fairlie,' and is the first of the kind ever put up in- Southern waters. Her builder was Mr: -Robert Inch,iwho acted upon the' design of ?Mr.W.'Fyfe;junr., of Fair leigh, -Scotland,'whose designs ;have attracted so much notice in the yacht-: ing world of late. She is a 21 footer on the w'aterlirie, her over-hanging bows: and stern, of course,- adding greatly to . this. The Fairlie is in shape somewhat ' peculiar; and ca.lculated to reiolu-: tionise the principles of yacht building.' The keel does;not start with the steim, but -commenices abruptly amidslips: She has, in fact, no cutivater or stem at-all; being' built more'after the style d of a punt forward and with a:pointed bow. The floor-is rather flat if any-'; thing,' and: the keel, branching 'out; suddenly near the centre -of 'the boat, - descends perpeindiciularly to not i very'l: great depth in proportion'i to :her: dimensions' thus giving her' more 'the' appearance of a skimmer than a deep' sailer. Added to: this, the keel is LBUOUGbTIlCBeS-~UDU" l lU uctn-un»-wnw.-- thelead' ballast :is bolted: This is two tons in weight, and is shaped like a liugecigar, being flattened on the top to set withý' tlhe woodwork of the" keeL She is built thro6ghot of Huoii pine,: andis splendidly put together. Owing to the rule amongst yachts :to. be classed only as 21 ft. or 28 ft. only,'' instead of sail rating, it is, of course, difficult to strike a happy medium, but in this new vessel this mnay be said to be fairly hit. Her seams have no caulking, as in ordinary vessels, being built upon the latest improved prin ciple of grooves with cotton wick between each plank. This,.swelling after insertion, will never shift, and will last some -seven :years or.- so. Of1 course, when she begins to showsignsJ of this giving, 'she cannot b ? reT tightened ':iithout the' planks 'being3 pulled asunlder,' but;, s'- Mr. Claikeo puts it," I' reckon ak seven-yeariold racer has done' her time. '-What will, we have by that time? Something: that will fly; probably."'" The' Fairtlie is: a:* flier, and `carries an enormouas stretch of cauivas. :iuch curiosity ' hais 'already' been' :evinced :as. to'i how' she will beliave at sea, her' bows for'-: ward sitting on the water ;and 'getting over it'rather thaii throibhiit.: Cdoldý one iimagine a perch fish cut in ihalf transversily from bel6o the himouthto' just' lbeeath' the tail fin' one 'niglit: form a fairly good notion of her build, and it was probably somethling of tihe kind that first suggested the' design,; the 'fin below representing 'the ; isall space'of keel. She is, in fact,'a; raing machine piure and simple, and ;there will be little done with her as a cruiser. The :brothers Clarke are gentlemenfi Tasmania and'Australia, they being If the family to which Sir W. J. Clarlke claims relation, and are of that genial' and' whole-hearted dispositioni: hiili ' meets withlthe most cordial welcomie : wlherever its'possessors are introduced. Since writing the foregoinig I have! received some later particulars of thei Fairl:e, which shioulda mke' .he' unique among all vessels thl sail with sails. The yacht was launcdied ' on~ the.i.ith.'of Novemb er ; .at a?hout, five o'clock in the morning Shie was clsteiiedn e the .Fairlie, ,after the desaigier oof Wales new yachit, wlhich. raft she.resembles "At four. o'clock fithe. afterpoon she ieat '.the : crack, yachts of. Tasmaniai easil? in the '1 ft. race,, walking away from fthemwitnhul the greatest.ease. . ., The fishsog industrty of South Tas-.;, mania is lirgely supportediin the other coloniesia;ndthe~lfsh ~cagiht are of , S ceptionially fine Baour All thei siats are ,pro ?ded-?'Iihel lshu ,fis bnding; * the *atcebae. :re', in" thei, arket .ome ottliese fihn ofai.. their :kind, the Raec 1. 2limpeson mnoel of a: scliooner,.ancIj is ;fitted up; bit at pr sioned r aerse she is frequentlynadea ofotablehom. of byra number pf spoitsnsen ti an early moronin sigit tobhe:remeiin befe ithatof `the' fleet of fisliin boats runnmn" off 'before t and Stl4 Nrthi A` "pacious market has j sti;en complets? for' the. daily miornm ileof fish: It is cariied on upon a free an~l ° easy. principle .r the; allfe : pa tlid . '.clerk: consitu tipg a li ei fort th time heing. The 'isire alinspected of course, to ensuire~ ily ~an whblesome article goiggiinto consumptioin; but' as they all enter the- market alive.there is -but little occasion for the exercise of any thing like supervision. Some thirty-four years ago the Hobart .Benevolent Society, was founded, and from that date-being supported by voluntary isubscrinptions continued a recognised and most useful.i institution. It has done: wonderful work, great assistanicehaving from year to year been given persons in times of acute suffering. Some very handsome donations, which have been placed by the committee of management on fixed deposit, has been recently trans ferred to the institution. The Rev. J. ?. Simmons, chairman of the execu tive committee; attends at the office: daily, and. holds small- courts :of: inquiry into various cases. His-phil-:: anthrophy and good heartedness.are1' widely known, and: the. stuly::of: such , worksias the relief of.the poor are his-,, constant care. .:. :: - i: . The. artist amoong: Hobart: iphoto graphers .is undoubtedly lMr. J ,;,W.,: Beattie., .The firmis an old established:. one, ;andwi s run as .Messa. Anson" Bros.,formerly, before the sole control of t]ie business-, passed i.into- Mr. Beittie's a hands.: The, - ateliers :are, situated at WVellington Bridge, Eliza beth street:, and the, .eye is. at: once, riv-eted ,., by the. display ; of.: photo graplhs, in the windows and .the side cases; ,iM Br. ,Beattie .took., over the. business. of ,the firm from M:,lessrs. Anso: Bros. some thrge ..ears ago, le. ha in , buen, m anager , of.,the. old?, fir for aperiod ~ of oeier nine years. Priorto that he , as connected; witlh a Scotch ifirm. of: photol4rapiers inAberdeen .(Scotland). Messrs. GL., \- nerned i'areputaton ,throughout the witd'ld "or the excellece of theirvwork si ell asits ? ifinrite ? ariety. ,Lantern slides ate a specialitywitli Mr Beattie, the iart of producmg tlihem haylngbjeen fi: 'iimst entioned: He has, ''er threethousand' yarious subjectss set out" inthis class of wbrk aind they are inofeased 'daily. As ain enthusiast in Tasmhiani ?rt Mri Bettie holds a first' raniik,' 'h iaeini photo?raphed 'the: .-greater..portion _of _Tasmania _already.. "-In the history of Tasmania, which-is perhaps as romantic and varied a one as any place on earth possesses, and must ever find favour:in the eyes of those. Iwho are attached to the place, Mr. `Beattie is a photographic authority, and he has perhaps the largest collec *tion of historical photographs of any one on the island. The.-visitor can purchase some very curious views of old times here, as well, as beautiful _pictures of various nooks and corners. The aboriginal collection is especially fine, and the artist is. justly proud_ of it, the race having become entirely extinct. Mr. Beattie. 'has "taken ii" ev;rythin? aboriginal he -oild lay lii's, hands onaid as a .resuilt there are pictures of native veapotshuts and GreyLpiled stories that seem the'cairns::ii Of dead andlong forgotten chi?; :: The.men of old;.the.poor wild men.. T ,.,. Who, under dim'lights, fought a brave,: e Sad fight'of life, Where hope was none; In'the:vague 'voiceless, farbffyea.s:'': The series of lMelanesirm, picture?, also are a speciality, and in this respect Mr Beattie has taken every p ans to , enisure each picture a success, as well as to make, his. collection.a 'aried one., Thereeinemg no. law of ;copyrighct .in Tasmania, no protection is afforded any of. these views, which. is detrimental. ininany ways to the success .in such1. an? uifidertakineg. Mr.. Richard .; Gee; acts as superintendent to theiaunnes-" toii brancll;of. the .bulusines?:.: ,iss:h studio; was opened min :Februaryi last;, anid the venture has been attended; witi} tlh 'iest, results .:;:DIr.Beattie. holds the ost of official photoraplier to tihe.Initeirnational Ehibition hliis ....5 uis bei r.ppreciareta everywhere . and his Tasmaanian views are of world wide celebrity He hias aso tak prizes at: Paris, Melbourne, Sydniy and Calfftta. Hobart.like all other countries. i the face of the earthhas its ufieiuii ploye, iiand the usual nositrnma are advanced for their relief. Mr!..iHeury Dob#son,, ! Hi.A.., 'an'd.' soie 'otlie'irs formulated" a' 'viliad ."sketitenmiit' schemie, -arid 'a series of : ni'-'Beti were lield 'at? which ia numbr df' clergymen attended and.formed,them selves .into an executive colmmittee. Mrs. Henry Dobson, Mrs. 'Alex. McGregor and some other ladies who had already interested themselves in the cause of the poor, were imore successful than the gentlemen: and collecting considerable forces were the means of establishing the first settle ment of the kind, by placing'a inum ber of. families upon the land, in the latter end of last October. 'Southport, "a little seaport some sixty miles dis tant, and reached by road or by steamer was selected, and. suitable land pro vided for settlements. The spot s one ' .- i . which is certainly as beautiful as could] jell beimagined, and it remains to be; seen howjfar the vehture w.ill bi?: -i cessfsl.iB t iwe a'e to ndey similar at ti it cannot .iope $. '. much sundcesu. Here is a big..Island; with a population of 150,000 people, spending in governmeit an amount: sufficient to govern a million people, and drawing most of that expendituire from taxes on the clothing and stom achs of the poor. The last foolish thing has been the income tax, which: is a direct charge on industry, and doesn't affect the landlord (who has. annexed all .the means of wealth) at, all. What Tasmania urgently requires is a stiff tax on the unimproved values of land to force the "'dogs in the manger," who now hold the soil use lessly, to work it, to allow others to: work it, or to pay for the privilege of keeping it idle. One of the prettiest and most. neatly appointed steamers,running on the Derwent is the eTabranna, the property of M.r. George Whitehouse,p who:takes command. As an excursion i steamer the- Tazrdiani is emineiitly' fitted she 'i s wift and easily handled, and her calin accommodation is. on. a larga scale 'nd fitted' up in a style vergingi on 'the palatial She has been recently slipped and cleaned, and havin gbeen thoroughly overhauled for the season can do her time?? ith most ofitti 'ste.amers navigatig the' Der:. wen~i Diur'ing ~ithe witer.imonths she has he?n ngagd in trade, buit uis laid on for passenger traffic entirely during th season, and min the summer she finds such river heav ens as John iniamos ever. saw. New Norfolkl, for iis ce is situated some 25 miles. upstreamn, nd to this place the vessel nialKes regular trips the times of which oe. duly aadiertised. A un up the' icor itl the li nransta is something which'' no visit6r to?'Eobart siholdd miss. Every blnd and turn of the vastri'ver is a' niv Edent'. Tlie steauier' tiravels 'ovdr a' la?eiike surface thiree'" or four-ilies wide and 'saemn nar- ro in?Bdown to half that'distance.' a: iountains;;tdiaSn.' the 'ti;?ri?snow' capped ~ tower insit:e'ios the mosrupt sub liity onstis very sided.'A' faous Therier ha$ said that It is iot sonmsuch fhi hrels astithe abrluptnesiofstrict aidl scene whibl constitutes their grandeur tasini ong to es, thesur iiountai nlrise-, to plae naltiturallde of 5000 feetsqu theibut sides precipitous icallyto teresting, ahendht, andhoe often perpesdicular basaltic cliffs end ing an abrupt ascent. On the Tarnisia everwho take quisite trip arhe comfort dedf the excursity nist beis proming acquainded. The crewith are all natives of the district and are well versed in:ieverytliing per taining to the surroundings. Not onlj' is the place naturally picturesque, but it is historically interesting, and those who take the trip are afforded every facility of becoming acquainted with peculiar and absorbing reminiscences. connected, with each place of interest; by thei staff of. attendants on board.' New Nsorfolk .itself .has many attrao-. tions,.which: are all put. forth to the.. passengers by those :in the employ. of Captain .Whitehouse,.and io one need-. go. short ofa pleasant, day's excursion:. at the expense ;ofa :a- few shillings, whilst the Taranna remains inm comr mission.... ..: ;Tasmania has a:big musical history,. notonly for the singers it has produced, : but for the musicians who have found in it a home. - I have probably more pleasure in writing the accompanying , notireeof, Frederi-A. Prclter-simply beralisei:iaddlreftliatiso? ffa soniglof hisi_,,Listerni? g"?:`tharoin doingany thiing else:in thisrissue.: FPidderiod A: Packer-isiwell kiioirnas'the' generally recognis&l;'m'usician if thesister Colony' of. Tasmai8a'llý Thoughl his ;long resi-' dence! in these Colonis imakes him almost anAustralian, he ishan English man' by birth,- and a, native of the quaint old "albey city of Reading, in Berkshire, where his father: (F. Alex ander Packer, a member of the Royal Academybof;t.usic) was for many years organist of the Minster. Inthat fine old abbey church the subject ofi this notice received his earliest musical education;' often playirig the, large organ' of St. Mary's at services in the church when quite a' boy. He subsequently gained presentations 'to' 'the& choirs of St. George'i? Chapel, Windsor, hnd the' Chapel Royal, St. James; :but' could not; continue them through coming out to 'Tasmaniiia with' his"parents. His fatheirwas his chief instructor, though he ':as iridebted for much of his musical education to his' mother, an accoiiiplished ipiiupil of Costa 's, at the Royal Academy of: Music,- and the yudngest daniuhter of Nathaniel' Gow, composer' of' '` Caller' Herrin,"-'and grijandduighher of . Scotland's national musiciiin, the 'celebrated Neil Gow, of imiihortal fanie. 'Mr." Packer was for' many years::org~nist: ofSt.ý David's Cathedral, and now occupies a similar post at St. John's, Hobart. It was maihly through his strenuous exertions that the fine organ now in the Town Hall at Hobart 'was: procured, in recognition of 'wich services the City Council appointed him Honorary City Organist. He gave up his more active musical work some years ago, on being appointed to an important position in the Civil Service of Tasmannia, from whi4h position he.i as, since retired upon a liberal good: Service pension. His leisre'is still devoted to :ciltia tionl oft'h'eidivine art, and !his com positions :find .? iready 'acceptance from Australian'and English:publish ers. -Maiy of: isi songs harve bicoine hous'ehold=words'- in Australia, and probably no composition fromu the pen of an Australiai'- composeri' fot even excepting Sir William Robinson's "'Remember Me 'No More'"-h-ahalid the' enormousi !:rman:of. 'Listening." Acantata, ! The : Wreck of the:eHcs peruts,'_ cdmposed" by him for the first 'felbourne Festival, attracted consider able niotice at the time of .its perform-" ance, ldeing most favourably- reviewed by the ,newspaper 'critics and .others. Aicoinmedy from' his pen, entitled' "Sweet -Simplicity,". for. which :he. also w?rote a libretto,. was! perfornned with. gre"t success .ins:Tasmania some i short time :ago, first at.:Government-_ House, ° and:: subsequently, 'at ' the Theatres.Royal,, Hobart and Launces ton.::: The.:' music:-.is- remirkably: sparkling and'bright, and the composer has:often.been urged ly."his' admirers toproddaie it: in. Melbourne, Sydney, and London.: Mr.i Packer was lately invited to compose a commemoration overture '.in honour, of the Science Congress at Hobart. He performed the, piece on the Town Hall organ at the, opening of the Congr'ess,: and. it is very highly spoken of by those who heard it. Mr. Packer is a master of the organ, and like his gifted uncle, the late Charles S. Packer, composer of the " Orown of Thorns," especially excels in ertempore playing.. Hle is a skilful pianist, and a most sympathetic accompanist. The cantata, " The Land of Beauty," composed for the opening of. the Tasmanian Exhi bition, is without doubt his imost important work, and has been received with the warmest acclmuation. Mr. Arthur T. Mills, now residing in Hobart, is a typical Australian musician of the broad eclectic school. A native of New. South Wales, in. his boyhood lie was chosen as the, organist of one of .the then most important Presbyteriin ..Churches in the neigh bourhood of Sydfiey.. Later; for four years he,.. was .the.. organist of an Episcopal.~i huriclk in another Sydney sulburb,h_ u.hld the, good, fortune to bethereassocated with a choimaster, Ha Er.j Horace! Gibbes,'one.-of those rbrilliantnamiateursv'whol hiveidoied'so inuth frfo. Ao iLVanii inisib. "I'f' and;larger, prtnents ' ' somie years, and also;produced .with an amateu? coinpanyithe mcistpopitar,'f the Gilbert: and 'SuillaWi hrp'kas "With *'bathi' artistic" and ;financial ;success. _e then spent a considerable. time .in Englaid-and the 'ContinentiThearing the best iusic, ' and'"tin- 'the orgn aarsa firt, and Ihe ce ll6 and. st bass as a minor study..: He:graduat with honors in vocal! misio at: the London T.S.F. College, swa ?'elected a' mniember of the oyal Clle e of Orgaanit ndi gained 'by examination :senior :honors- in 'music: 'at?bTrinity College,'eondon;' :Itis-an indication of the confidence r eposed in hiim lhat he was chosen to: conductithe Trinity College local examinations: inn Musical IKnowledge 'in .'"Hobart:. "Thne first :exalihiation wvas heild' in ,June. .la, .and was in..every way successful, a :large-number of candidates entering, anid a satisfactory nuniber' pasiig *with credit, some ganing honors. Tlie Hobart College of Music, an institution in union -with TrinityiOollege;,Londori is a teachiing college: for :all birnches of niusical kinowledge.. I" is the practical. expression of Mr M'ills' .theory that it is possible and desirable to bring a hlih-class musical education 'within thl reach of the pooreststudennt. 'In Hoba. t Mlr. M3ills,.origaised 'the Exhibition-choir of 300 voices, pro duced the " Messiah," 'Mendelssohn's "Festgesang," Gaul's, "Israel," Haydns ."Ciention," aid a Mu'sical .Festival in conjunction with the -Belle Cole Concert Company. .'" i: '' . " " Hoblrt':has: its Amniteur 'Opera Company and a very fine. Company :it is. had the pleasure of witnessing its recent performance of " The Hermit's Bell," a work which does 'not 'appear to be able to sihow the 6Company. "at .theii best.: A poverty of space for Sbids mte to reproduce more than the por traits of the business manager M3r: J.B. Hickson, and of the group of priicipals, Mr. W. G. Jameson, '(secretary of the Opera Society) as " Bellamy;" Mr. T. SG. Lovett as "'Sylvain; " Mr. Rickards as "-Thibnut"'; Miss Milly Watchdor .as " Rose Moindaux ' ; and MissEdith .Miller as "Georgette." IMr. L. A. Watchorn shines in the small part of the pastor, arid Mr. Bradshaw ?Major is a conductor of whom the Society is jiistly'proud as it -ought.to be. .And, more than a-word for Mr. J. B. Hickson. whose'business management, :I hope, will lead the Society to yet bigger successes. By the Banks Penimsula or either of the West Coast steamers you have a -fine-sight of-the -wholelength -of-the D'Entrecasteaux - Channel ..Leaving. the steameraut Stralianlth e-ort/of htie Zeehan silvertields, through Zeehan and., Dundas, _which. will_.be. fully. described in the future,ahd ut' in the heiA rof the wild Western highlands; are Mt. Lyell aiad"M:t.weOilves;shortly to be connected with civilization by: a railway, which is being constructed by the Mt.iL-ell 2idMingg and failw?ay Co. Eiery 'manh 'lho lias hearnd tie name of.'. mningg" knows the name of Mt. Lyell, particularly by reason of the controversy regarding the origin of its immense lode, -wiich: drew'to it thel critical visits of most of the big mineralogists of the world. From these * critical :eaminations the MtI. Lyell came.out stronger than ever, the evidence of .which is contained-in the. increased value'of the.shares; although very few 'transfers- are.repobrted,' the: original holders.re.inimg,.latUhby can>.. The lode is .ai huge ore -body,:which can only be likened to tha.tof .the'Rio' Tinto in Spain-a-msine i hich ha ibeen worked for centuries, and returned nearly half a iillion po6ds'il n profits' on the output of 1893. During the recent, absence >inr .Europe srof Mr. Win..Knox,. one of the,directorate,. he. visited ' the 'Rio" Tinto'ifd :'/1 Ji-i16 mines, being accompanied by Dr. Peters andi-'Mr.' rWi.lOrr" .TELery facility was afforded them by the authorities drifuoyri ectingithenworkigsi and c ofea ace anis :minesi: they were ihnadnimous inotheir -opinion¶ that t'iii iti?ijstSisbin witlhthe a.d 1mportanc o tie .Tasmanian [property :, siDnrifnn the l;sixsi?onths .tnding th?0th?-Septg 1893, the! nost *imptrtant1'f ture tn. connection wish .he developinen. o f :the mine was,4le iopening ,:up of:. the ':ibody of :rich ; hoargentiferoub s copper ore' nfet withl in tIe south lrn a of No4. 3-tunnel:` From ithe .nze ,sunk on the formation 18. itons of ore. were riised' centaininr 145,986 ouinces of silver' ind 24 itons of copper 'when .further work -vas ,temporarily: suspened;,: jowng: to:, the influx of water. 'During the folloiving six'metmo6nthis s rtliC::oe : body :;is iitheni'orked ~lon l 'the erte3ut of -.uin 218 ton s 2 cut. 1 qr 23lICE., containing 284,3S2 ounces of silver and 55 tons 17 cwt. 3 qrs. 10 Ibs. of .copper, or an average of 1,3031 ounces of silver and 25 62 per cent. of copper per ton :These wonderful yields are still keeping up, and: that with only half-i dozen picks goin: .:For tliesix months. from March of the -present year until the 30th Sept.last, 325 tons of -the rich ore :werde: 'iined,' yielding 329,032 "bzs: silv er rind 64. toes' of copper, or. an ,averagqe : of 1012 ozs. of silver and 19-69 per centi of copper to the ton of ore. This rich deposit has also been struck' in' 'the No. 2 .crosscutfirom the' 75 ft. level intihe engine shalt of No. 4 tunnel, and. the rich ore is a large and compact body, and shows strongly tider foot. "Thus during 18 months frbol o lne level the winnings have been: otn. '"' '"'Rlr.TEt. ' COrTrIL. From 133 tons 4... 1i5SOozi. .. 2it>nq .5*cwt. 215 tons 2.. ,21:3, ozn. 55 tons 17 cwt. 3j. i toy ... 3t.a, oz. ... 6itons .. 976 tonns 759,16ozs . '14 tons 2ewt. From May, 1893, to September, 1894; a little less than 18 months; the net amount received for shipimei;ts'of ore to London .was. £5, 442 18s., G1. These 'are wonderful:figures. There is yet practically no rediýcing machinery on the mine, the 'returns have to be carted at enormous expense over unspeakable mountain roads .to Strahan, and only one level is actually beiig touched for ore'supplies. And of this E85,4:42 18s.. Gd. earned in under a year and a half, more than half of it was earned in the last six months! -Up to date, 782 tons of ore have been treated; yielding 841,435 ounces silver and 170 tons copper. Here. is a mining company carrying on its development against extra ordinary . natural disadvantages for 16 months, showing a credit . of £61,000, resulting-from sales of ore, and available for reproductive' works. The Mount Lyell's success is as unique i ias" its enormous otput from such -small -parcels treated. The next six in moths will improve largely even: on : this. .The directorate, with that-fore-: sight th"it characterises especially MNc Wm.' Knox anid' AMr B.wes Kelly, whom all go~d B. rrierites know, have pli?ed the worik of rhilway cinstnetion' in hand.-': s c a :. i : Apart .saltogether~ifrom.: ifrthar. ;mopneys to be derivedfrom the rich ore in i sitnhs i tIh i hn ,;nrnt jttse atne. unt of £60,181 12s. 6d., which is im Bo rnlditsely ii1eseChlieGll com 1etwloke' Board's present schema of works -alreadysinptrogress, orato be fortwii tenterednipdi rT heeprineipal'oftthlese msie; opening u ine for - dtction "of large quantities. of;, re; tion works, and ?rquisitoie ineiy; ,crushing mill,and ro sting, stalls;,ltwo tfurnaces: tob treat'::each: 100:itons',:of sverage: grade 'ore ; rdgy'i; :cle'aring thewbole ti'9 firom 'Bar -?oc`'. to mine, construction of the first sfc on ofi the,;. "rutway ;from.: , r I- ?? ,R.cl iwith "locomotives and trucks, .launch a' nd bafes for King River ahd Strahi n. 'e' "' T":i' w "ole df a :' iha'"in:.I,' b , ur veyed from the,,mine, to ,te Stra: I an :,wharf =by+.the Khing `route, anid!ithe work is 'r foread ti ' nieert the cost..:of .. the:,:prelinsinary. ,,trial surveys ofithe roiid-route and:the Tully route, considerably exceeded e.xpecta tions; but the&lirectors; have: received offers to coistidct the. whole line for amounts well .within .'the Engineer's estimate of total cost. - Upon receipt of the completed survey plan rind: the estimates .of , cost, tlie "Boald "niade .exhaustive enquiries"as;to, tile. best policy to pursue in the construction of this .important and - essential work. Tlhey found th.at coinmulnication' vwith slippin, coIuld be satisfactoirily effeted at the Barr Rock, on the King: River, 8\. imles from Strihan, iand at a, point where there is deep water. This there fore means the constructioiand equip nient of onily 141 miles of railway from the mine, and 'the d:irectors rebsolved to adopt this as the :present terminus for the railway, the intentiori beiig , to proceed with the full compiletion i f the Srailway in termus of the Act a speedily as possible, 5t.tr tl.is natsikn- lnas.been put in working order. . The Company will thus have a line sufficient for its immediate ' requirementsi and' ,dne which will admit ':f' profits: hieing made out of the treatment of .the ore:toT complete' the whole line. The directors are satisfied that, within its existing linancial resources, which have been. so. much iniproved by) the in creased developments of rich ore, suffi cient money will be provided for, :pro ceeding withthe gradual construction of the railway, and -at the "same time leave sufficientfiinids in hand to admit of the immiediate erectiono'f reduction plants, development of the mine, and :other necessary local 'work.' Already the clearing of the railiay linelihas been completed for the first four miles from the machinery, site, and contrac tors are now engaged inaclearing :the rest of the line down to tie: Bar:RRck. Not another -Broken Hill bigniine will the Miount.LyelLbe, but a greator ,! The capital of the Company is £900,0001in 800;000 shares of £`3 eaclifh'but of these only 150Q,000 have'betii issued'at £3 fully paid up. 3MIr. Wiilliani Knox is.the- managingdirector,_Mr._Bowes Kelly, the chairman; and the Board is' :frther- :strengthen.d by Messrs. Wjlliam-Jamieson, Josoph~01lark and ,William Orblr Mr. Geo. 31'Uulloch is rth?e chairman ofthe Landon advisory committee, Mir. Alfred MRllor is the secretary, and Mr. R..V. Powell, who was underg"round manager in til time :3"of? .Mr'Sch?llj.app fniw duly tfills the positiibndof geaeralmianasger of the Jn; mine s Te ount Lye'lli tqie only t big3mining property (barring tMount Bishooff), Tasmania can boast of, bt YIv idoos st or soretfasl purogse, Th? she does so to some purpose. The At.0OLYe9,l sodeaisj1ther older Mt. ellglon, and ill,,p t sidene~iw i, A a^t qiaM . on as \thabtinuahiariturad guo ut *p,. - 1) "Fanody-rien,'we teturnato, Hobart ýlAd'r 4'pyem?it'?tlieiweird beanty of the aeethereo ,The rewerypfbrewer;es 'Bouth of- the lineis the Gascade, fed by .A-.ses...m n eglhigAý"' Fro'.Upwr oMacquare-streei.one is struckayi the Smaiuifieent' vrew' obitainable' ofi the .ull seaward slope of t Well i, ,with'Ite estern. end.,of,,the,, ~y -inyig, in i-' village: cluster-,atits: fee, ,,iad 4t6e^' -rpait".natie: -f oftlie''catliedral ,tppin.' overiead At tie end' Of. 6 he 'sstreet'.is~nthe. brew.rv, a.., handpome "tridtuie ofEgrey stone, with numerous ou;isiies s tarblees and iwoilers'. cot Sg..asing rito. the .brewey y'ard Lthe ,~visitor finds .liiisel. surrounded -'*ith:high buildings; hugelcasks, busy L. . ; , , • . ..... .workmen, and tile ;usual adjunts 'of such an establishment. ...The. rew'r, M .r. Todd, or his clerk,' readily consents to' slihow'the visitoir aioiiund th'eý place, and in order to explore better the mysteries of the brew, conducts him to the iuppiei.stoiij! Froq) the inadows of the tower the views are very fine. Below, delicate sap-green leaves, and b6lowL.iimu:. thei Cascade- itself, tumbling its sweet water over stones and cresses; and above, the huge" imountain, high and blue and cool-a 'back- round 5000 feet highwith the .remains of. the snow carnival, too deepi for the early spring sun t'o mielt, upgto' 'now, still lying in the crevices.. : i It is' cool'and pleasant here, for the .day is hot and the sea breeze.'has not .yet :reached this s4questerd' pl ce. *Those who founded: the old brewery 'chose a'. bet spotr- wr--- u -.J ; ithing of the purity of the water; a; .necessary factor in the success of the brewer. In the upper, story begins his work. . Fromntiehminalt- house the elevator brings up the malt to the .huge mash tubs. Here the hops, and' umalt, and sugar are worked up. for: hboiling. The smell :of the newly, iemptied tub is the strongest possible: sermon against teetotalisin. From the mash tub to the boiler.is but a step, and here a huge bright copper heated with steam blinkets receives the'ingredients, - wiilch: are,boiled for a. time regulated and::planned to a nicety. .The rooms below receive the' b.er :into -vats. 3Thei;:runhii0ng over the refrigerating tubes one is struck by the besaitiful amiber color of.tte liquor.. This, 'Mr. Todd explains, is 'de to 'no colouring .matter and. rests entirely . ith.the *mei'lt 'Dry. thie: niialt pale and the liquor is pale-dry it dark and'the leer is dirk, but aftbr it is dried to Ajone tint. it-u cannot -be altereid. -:Fiiom .the refrigerators thei boer.is takeniito -;o o. 3 vat.over the ground floor, from 'iiwhence': it-'is put into' casks'to: work. n, fi g i room 'ire ci -sks ra.nied"on settles;in, roesv seeingnly, endless( in ,the dim-light; and alonagthe wiall.and "rdownri the centre of this' great apart? S;mxntit enoruous?? cauliflober'like'balls:: 2.of ,yekst work out of .,the biun'ii.oles.a ~When the beer has done: "?orkin'g ! :it is;crasked' by tap into smiialler ?sbrrelss and carted away to be'"dfi`o'sned , .th'at 'ira otii' , l . that is do'etwith it: 89 r!.wirtbo: A ~or~wery 'oes Acrosst *li eaiadis the cooperagi0B':he11Br erY hlari'dsnake 'Fl-thei' r?6\ii i'stoe'i:k erv& t1itg, in fa , minclui? aeh fodder for the horses, being raised on the premises. The exhibition trophy of tditels i . PfiffeTpikconotifwdrik :;[its ofoiidftioil 'isaau nihbetofilE rgadl6 n iasks 1Poliihed,il 'suiinosintedl' bysqa r'uiini r 6i f t8's, <ritwhlich?~are'tlerFbf thlie Ciscade'boitledrales;etc: 'i'ixt~yix "jsk' of"~iriduslsizee psiide-oft native i#ivftl?'ahid 'blackwood' 1fornm sJflne 'ehiTibit' ;- Thedt merito?f i.the native 6i od? 1bbotli': rw r ?jraind'u phlig~iehd }is iahowini? an thd'lbe'- irvel -is'-tl ida rr'J.Lmatnran ;nir tan.is Lemn, done. ,Steahim for the 'enries{ is nenerated have been christened "Da.rby" and JoanLd;"' h'because they rest `sniugly i'together by the flie. "'.AIt three are ikept "aoing;--in- the "summer, ibut' in thewihiter only' the largestAis ':reqiiredi: utside'a huge wvater widel, Zt45 feelin diamieter; thunders awry ks iUihiis done for 66'years,'iiiall weathirs, ahnd i?ider all' circu istances, uncets "iigly-' It"is as sound as ever, and does its work as well iis ever, which is''ianother piroof of - the' -virtue:-of "'Tasinlninn tiniber: ITheimotive porer comes froinm a flume edt a loi ng w~iyup ':thdsidef tliil hill !near the Huon odnfT;'and this' corfducts thei rater fronm -'tlie creek and drives' thde iwhe'el.' Itis :'used for inaltina "aid: othei? purposes. .There ard three ni'alt houses:' putting through 1500-bushels per ;week :.The hops- are grow\i at Neivi :Norfolk, a world-renowned -districtI-for the line.. In ale .ndd beer some 500 hhds. ,per:. week- are!, got..;oner-, and in addition to this an enormous:bottle trade is done; fori 'notoonly' does the Cascade Brewery practically= supply Hobart, but about half Tasmania as well, and even extends its business far -into New South Wales aiid - the northern- : colonies. , , Thousands of dozens bottles arie staclked away in the cellars below.. The priue reason for the success of the Cascade'Co.' is tliat no coloring matter is used in manufacture, and that the icomponents., .are - the :purest of malt and hops. ', The Brewery "iaisbuilth in 1824, by"1~r .?illiam De Graves, who took up 5000 acres of valley. and inountain land' on the } north.?-estern slope.of Mt: Wellington. This was used for. the priceless timber .which stocked it, and in thlie dayshen ship building :'was a big: idustry in Hobart, timber getting was one of the ,principal features :of,tlie pliace. At Stis .time the ZVictoriian gold fields.took £34,000 worth of timber .off, the Cas cade Estate in.:ayear.' In the gullies and. on the spurs of the mountain are capital, tracks, "in good p. reservation still, formed by the hardy timber "'htteirs for-tlh-conveyance of the. logs - ' to the sea. It is gonie .non, all the * old tiniber, and a'young forest isv-' springing up, which will be a golden legacy somne day tofutuire shureTholders :: The Brewery is managed by Mr.ITsrry:. ,Nicholls, Mr. J. S.. Todd acting as brewer and manager of the works; and captaining a staff of 45 meni. The . Cascade Company have also an-erated:,: water, and cordial factory in Collins, street. 1This is managed by-?MFr EEvans, aid is fitted up with the latestdevised ibottling machinery ' "The i: nanufact: turin? returns of waters anid cordials for tle' last hiluf year totalled 5000 dozen. ··,lisa future issueiof thisi paper the' E ibition~i is to be descritbd-fully; andi not haviiig seen it sincei o2peni day "-t there is little excuse for me to `spread-, m einyself dn the mattertjust now. ? : :Aoning other thin;g the ExliibitionY hasprovoked a numberiofpeople wlio .are otherwise estimable citizens, to r writaExhibition odes t the open -,in" ,ceremony the clioir struchl hsecause: " ap?eilbgeOiili tiaiia ; ..he and..ati.ite portion of the ExecUie Commissioni 3a -rdi rr,- etify.'iz 'ftaT .ae-o'ir ainailfinally,,an, lereditary ass ,iamgd nx.rmoutlo gyratedriinnsshrtis, ipptlynto c.proVe thabethetime h.S,aprrniwed forthe 133ritigh: ariatcracy, to stgtt oprkingf-r .their ivinvig,,sand cpsrtldt! assist.,the sDorcsaaSociety: ,3Up rtor now- bIale ,little knowledge ofthe generaln merit oftthe exhibits,:butthe,pictures inr tle ?iBritish!ArtLSection are an:,exhibition .in themselyes, and therefore I prophe§y la good run. and a successful ending. etter-press and pictures descrintiy ;of the Exhiliition and its visitors will 'be pubhshed in the summer January) !ý,[.gb baqk to Tsmania .by-and-by to .dive deeper into its contentasd.ccol ,ness, and before and after me.go other ,iAustralians waithered by: the heat and Sstrug le of life; Nortl.(I myself .am iýnotwithered ;by the way). ~:iThe.:only struggle I, shall-haveipn :Tasmanianis the leaving, of it...,; obart spells j rest, and I would: like to stayl here oand write for, all the rest. of my, days stories which nobody, would ever read. My: :idea. of happinessis ?tolhane no . yorry-not een P.the . vgorry. of .. eipg successful-and with just sufficientcir culation, to. keep mny blod; freeof sta. nation, to,sit.doýyn in, that cahi opqn eyed,,cottigo byh,ythe shot ,toner, which stares in mild surprise -a the passing steamrers or -t :any thing that looks like wear and tear. ,Trhis: nyould.I do.had I the wishinglcap "I would benrt coiitent like d lover lonely, " I'would vwe" her? and win her, and wear : her.only, SAnd nevergo over this white sea:wall, For gold or glor, or aught at all.'' ;- -. .... : .... .. ..::·i ~I' ·· :· ,' . . . 