Diocesan. CONFIRMATION AT ST. MARY'S, BEULAH ROAD, NORWOOD.. Address to the Children by the Archbishop. Sunday, Juue 2, Feast of Pentecost, was a red-letter day for the history of St. Mary's. Many of the old pioneers remembered the humble beginnings of the place, originally a blacksmith's shop. They were witnesses of the years of grace, which brought forth abundant fruits, and culminated in the erection of the present pretty edifice, which serves the most useful purposes of religious worship and school. Fifty-one candidates presented them selves for Confirmation. Mass was cele brated at 11 o'clock by the Very Rev. Father Peters, S.J., who had long been connected with the early labors of this favored spot, His Grace the Archbishop, Dr. O'Reily, being present. During the Mass the children sang their hymns and presented a pleasing sight to the congre gation—the boys with their sashes and decorations, with the confirmation medal; the girls in the white dresses and veils, with the appendage of the medals. The Archbishop addressed the candidates for Confirmation in happy terms adapted to the auspicious day, the Feast of Pente cost. He described in a lively and happy style the picture of the first Pentecost, the preparation of the apostles, the de scent of the Holy Ghost, and the subse quent fruits. The apostles were before timid men. They forsook their Divine Master in his greatest trials, although he had been always their best friend. One even denied Him, and, the worst of all, one betrayed Him. When the Holy Ghost came down they were changed, as it were, into different men. They went forth fearlessly into the middle of the streets on the first day of the week (for Sunday, on which the Holy Ghost came down, was at that time the first day of the working week) and preached Jesus Christ, who had been only a few weeks before crucified, before the whole mass of the people who filled the streets, and had besides come for the festival from all parts. They were, of course, brought before the magis trates, who hated Jesus Christ and his followers, as wicked people hate the good people, because the good life of the just is. a continual reproach to the wicked. First tliey were let off with a caution; next time they were cruelly beaten. Nevertheless, they continued their work with all courage until they were put to death, thus following their Divine Master, and consecrating the work he imposed on them with their blood. This was the effect of the first Pentecost, the fruit of the descent of the Holy Ghost. Now the candidates were to receive the same Holy Ghost. He was to change them, to make them strong and perfect Christians, to give them His sevenfold gifts, and courage to fight the battle of a truly Christian life. The Holy Sacrament of Confirmation was then administered, the Archbishop being assisted by the Very Rev. Father Reschauer, S.J., Superior of the Jesuit Mission in South Australia, by the Very Rev. Father Peters, S.J., and Father O'Brien, S.J. This ended, the Archbishop gave the final words of his address. According to the Pontificate, he explained the obliga tions which the sponsors contracted and the ecclesiastical impediments (like those brought on by blood relationship) it induces between the sponsor and the charge he stands for and the parents of the same. One weighty lesson he inculcated on the children—to say their morning and evening prayers regularly. He especially empha sised the word regularly. If a child once in a while omitted either morning or evening prayer he would not say that child failed ; but if every week once or twice or three times, then they could not be said to say their morning and evening prayers regularly. Prayer is necessary as well as useful. In prayer God and his angels are always near us, whilst the devil and his bad spirits cannot easily approach us. The devil, therefore, is on continual watch to assault us when we neglect our prayers. Mind, the devil is too cunning to try to destroy a good child at once. He takes his time, and hopes to succeed at last, to make the good child an enemy of God like himself, and to bring it to suffer with him in hell for all eternity. And how does he act ? If one wishes to pull down a large building he does not beat at it with a stick. No, he takes one brick away after the other, and at the end the whole building tumbles to the ground. So does the devil do. He takes the child away quietly from the morning and evening prayers. He sug gests^ to the child in the evening that it is too tired and sleepy, and therefore should leave out the prayers. This is one brick taken away. Then next week, one other night. When he succeeds he tries a third and fourth week, and so on; and then more than once in a week, until at last no evening prayer is said. In the 6ame way in the morning. It is too cold to get up. The child gets up, but has not finished what is to be done ; leaves off the prayers till later. Breakfast comes. Oh, I can say my morning prayer after breakfast. But the prayers are not said. Thus the devil carries out his work. No prayer is said morning and evening, God withdraws himself and his holy angels, and the devil finds an entrance, and leads to everything bad. God is so good that he even gives necessary graces to every one; but considering our frailty we can not afford to lose the special graces we require, and without which morally we will succumb, and which are obtained by prayer alone. One benefit Catholic children have in going to their Catholic school is that they say many a prayer through the day. But when school years are over who will call them to pray? They must have the holy custom of saying their morniug and evening prayer, and that regularly. The children listened with marked attention, and no doubt the salutary lesson given on the necessity of regular morning and evening prayer will not be easily forgotten. The Archbishop's words will be whispered into their ears when they are tired at night and think of going to rest without saying their night prayer. In the morning the same voice repeated in their ears by their holy angels will induce them to say their morning prayer before giving themselves up to anything else, and certainly before they breakfast. The good Sisters of St. Joseph are to be complimented on the trouble they took with the children in instructing them, and the valuable aid they afforded in orna menting St. Mary's and vesting the children in their confirmation regalia. They, not least of alj, derived the greatest consolation in the happy event which cast such lustre on St. Mary's, where they have quietly^ labored with such success from the beginning. 