SUPERIOR SHORT STORIES. BY FAVOURITE AU TU OKS. -? PIEGED FRAGMENTS. . By «HOPE BEA.» [Ahii EIGHTS DESERVED.] .*-* Adventures seem the birthright ot the \- sea, hence I, even I, on my first voyage on an ocean steamer must needs fall iu ;... with an adventare. And the very first night my adventure began to unfold itself. - Hovering round the table in the dining saloon, bending gently over impatient passengers, with solicitons, though by no means, obsequious manners, one of the stewards literally towered above his fellows. He was a big well-grown man, with a certain air of distinction about him i ' his glossy black hair was carefully parted in the middle, and his beard trimmed with equal care in the present closely-cut fashion. In the midst of the sense of strange and loneliness, in the bastle and noise of this first night aboard, I could not help watching him from time ' to time through dinner, and again the next morning at breakfast. But after . that, for some days, the stewardess was thé only member of the ship's company I came across. j X was very Ul, as wAs also the lady who shared thy cabin. ïtach lay tery still and very silent, hardly conscious of how the time gassed. I think I was the worse of the two, and the close air of the little box we were, in, for the portholes were kept ?" closed, tried me dreadfully. We were thankful that a third passenger was not forced upon ns to occupy the sofa which Tan'along the other side of the cabin parallel to our bunks. On this sofa we stowed oar clothes, ruga, and small packages-an irregular bean, making a verv dark mass when the lights were ont, ana only the moou shone outside. The first night the noises were so great on deck leonid not sleep, so I amused myself by trying to discover some definite , shape in tbe dark shadows. Some success crowned my efforts, for I at last suc- ceeded in taming the mass into a crouch .. lng lion, and then, as the shadows . lengthened ont* into an alligator with its iaif trailing on the the gronod-and then I wai able to sleep, and dozed off, not * noticing it again until day broke, when tbe^jnass divided itself into its several patti, each looking its prosaic self. Bot through the day the fancy possessed me «ri Tay weak and stupefied with sick- ness, and I even looked forward to the night for something^ to watch, it was so terribly doll lying ill, and being almost powerless to move. ' I&due; coarse night came, and at fir$t I slept, but awoke with the moonlight shin- ing brightly through the porthole. I ai oöw folt strangely awake, and yet bali aijeop ; my limbs felt dead yet my eyes were keenly alive. I wonder now if I was a little light headed. They say sea sickness ie.primilarly from- the brain. I looked al tfaejsofa, and there WSH my shadow non moot definite in form, no lousier a lion 01 crocodile, but this time distinctly thc form of a man, covered with a dark rug 1 traced the line of the darkness np warde curiously wondering what I should see, and was hardly astonished to find thc figure completed-a pale face was thrown . bankin tbe moonlight, with dark shadow) hair waving off from the brow-and as 3 looked, now with a sort of half fearful interest, the form became a presence. H< lay quite still for a while, I silentlj < rafting out the details of his face and thi folds of the rug he had around him. Th< ;iooon'shone very brightly, giving him i wonderful clear silhouette against thi rabin side. Suddenly the ship gave < jareb- I pressed my knees against thi "buttk side to hold myself in place, bn looked np immediately to see my shadow; companion. He had thrown his ham above his bead and turned still fnrthe . towards the moonlight; his eyes wer open and his Ups moved. I 'forebore to breathe, my interés became intense, and as the wave whici had rolled us broke against the ship's sid sud .splashed its white spray over th porthole I heard a murmur-yes, an : words. "Don't fear, my dear," I beare " the air of the islands will rest an ¿"tire nie,-the happy Isles." The shi righted herself, and he turned toward /me, yes, the shadow saw and perceive the person, he turned and smiled. Tbe , .the eyes closed, the arm dropped, and h was as'before. But I became possesse hf$he situation. 1 was for the momot \- myself no longer, going alone to a sic relation hardly knowing whither I wen I was someone else, the other woman i fact, the one the shadow thougl I was. He and I were together seekin health in the balmy air of the Oanaru Washer the ship .was bound, I seemed ( ka^f it êSl quite well, aud I lay an v witched bim, pow-resting quietly- with -, J^^l^^^ràdjB I looked J fe blink away the tears, opened them to hare one more sight of the dark form that felt so strangely dear, and then they closed again and I slept. The san was np, and the stewardess was jost petting back the cabin curtains and running over the bill nf fare for breakfast when I next awoke. At once I was my weary sea-sick self, and began to consider which of the geod things I should dislike least for roy breakfast, while my companion above, growing facetious as her sickness subsided, began to chaff the stewardess and abuse the 'mad ship,' as she termed the Osborne Palace, because it bad not the hundred and one things in its store which she deemed necessary. When left to our- selves she continued to chatter in a lively trivial «ort of way, I joining in as I was able, until breakfast was over and the bed- room steward came to dust and tidy np the cabin j him, too, she must engage in chat, serions minded young man though he appeared« ' Gan we have the porthole open V she demanded,--¿her daily question by the way. ' Sto, indeed, Miss," he answered ; ' the fiddles are on all the tables, it .couldn't be thought of.' . 'Then, steward, I must have some eotu de Cologne ; do jost unstrap that tin box. there on the sofa.' * And as the complacent steward pro- ceeded to move the box and disarrange the clothes and rugs npon the sofa, I remembered in a flash, and for the first time since I woke, my-what? Dream, shadow, ghost P I could not say ; only what 1 had seen and heard had been real enough for- me, and as I remem- bered, I watched with an almost painful interest the steward lift up a long fur boa, and raise the box lid which glistened brightly as he moved it. . Thank yon, thank yon-' the stream of chat followed on from the berth above -' being aboard a ship does make a man handy ; why, I could almost think yon were a stewardess.' .Could yon, Miss?' the steward re- marked, dryly. Bnt the stream went on, and after the steward left the remarks were directed to me. I answered connectedly enongh, bnt all the while, like a far away melody somewhere in the recesses of my brain, was the thought of my friend of the moonlight. Breakfast had revived me somewhat, so Soiling myself together I dressed and ragged myself on deck, where I sank into a chair rejoicing in the fresh air and sunshine. By-and-bye I found myself talking to one of the passengers, a gentle- man, agreeable enongh for me to make some effort to shake off my weariness, and to converse. At lunch I was very content to find that my place at table was next to him ; we continued our conversation with mutual pleasure, at least so I hoped. And so I got drawn into the ship's life. Thai night I slept too, only awakening once. I looked towards the sofa but the shadows were different, and almost before I realised that I was disappointed, I slept again, and from that time the strange im- pression of my second night aboard faded away. I began to enjoy the voyage, and my brain was braced and alert and no longer passive and receptive alone. Sit- ting in my place in the dining saloon, I now remembered the handsome steward, and one day drew the attention of my companion to him. ' Yes,' he said, ' he had noticed him and wondered that such a superior- looking fellow should have remained a steward sp long.' I replied I thought rather that he had come down in the world than that he was working his way np. ' In fact,' I said, ' My idea is, the man's a gentleman and has a history.' At that moment, to my surprise, he came near, and though not my steward, proffered me some dish, thns effectually stopping any farther conversation about him, and I felt convinced that he bad overheard my last remark. Consequently I was quite uncomfortable when, after regaining his proper place on the other side of toe table, I felt from tim» to time his dark eyes fixed npon me. That afternoon I chanced to linger in the saloon after tea, glancing at the books in the ship's library and trying to make np my mind to settle down to letter-writing. To my annoyance I found that tho hand-. some steward lingered ton, and I could not help fancying that he kept glancing towards me as'if about to speak. At last I began to write, turning my back on J the part of the saloon where fae continued to hover. 1 ' Madam.' -I started ! The man was really speaking to me; I felt embarrassed, for I knew I had been hardly courteous to talk him over in his presence, though I did not think it likely he would have overheard. ' Did you speak ?' I asked as coolly as I could. ' Tes, madam, pardon me, I fear I an -uoyed yon at lunch.' « ' . ,. . ?#h* J sighed with , ? / , ; perate case, and you have in part guessed my secret. I am not what I seem, so I < mast throw myself upon your considera- I tion, or perhaps the plans and hopes of i months will be brought to nothing. I ? play the part of steward to follow np a ! search in which I am engaged, a search which mast be prosecuted ia this ship. So, Jet me pray you not to arouse the cariosity of the other passengers, or all my efforts may be in vain.' Naturally my interest was aroused and perhaps ray vanity gratified, and I was about to give the required promise, when it öccürred to me that I might thereby be playing into the hands of a desperate character who for no good reason wished to remain incognito. ' Ï cannot promise in the dark/ I said, ' I cannot lend myself to I don't know what.* ' True,' he said, drawing back slightly, ¡ and smiling without warmth, ' Prudence I was one of the dwellers ia the Palace I Beautiful ; you are quite right/' His reply and his manner alike nettled . mej-a-both seemed ont of place. ! 'I think I am,' I said as stiffly as I was able. ' My silence or my speech must be guided by circumstances and by my own i discretion.' ! 'Another of the dwellers in the \ House,' he rettirned with something like bitterness in his tone. ' You are well befriended, indeed ; let me just pray you to let Mercy join her sisters.' I was vexed that I bad thus uncon- sciously helped him to keep up his play on the allusion, and began to finger my pen with impatience. ' Madam,' he began again, ' As I said, the case is desperate, and since you will not promise blindly, hear the whole. I am on the track of a murderess, the widow of my brother whom she killed, and killed on this boat.' He paused. 4 Go on,' I said, ' explain.' ' He and she embarked {or the Islands, he, needing rest and warmth. He never reached the Islands,-his wife and an incompetent doctor managed that. And then the wife, self made widow, disap- peared, and never returned. I'm on her track; what's more, I have her almost within my grasp.' . ' What,' I exclaimed, ' Is she on board ?' . ' Yes,'and he smiled, while a quite .terrible gleam shone in his eye. ' Yes, she's on board. Can't escape from lier conscience-haunts the scene of her crime-she's playing into my hands.' 'But,' I said, recoiling from him. . Why do all this yourself,- why not employ a detective P' /Vengeance is mine,' he hissed. * She knows Ira on the trail, and it's hell for .her, and when the time is ripe-that is \--" and his tone suddenly became calm again as at first, as he drew , himself up against one of the deck supports ' that is when I have completed my chain of evi- dence, very little of which is lacking now, then justice ! I am a lawyer used to un- ravelling knots. 1 could not let the case, so near to me, go out of my hands. No, this duty is my own. So, madam, as I began, so I end, I ask yonr-mercy.' He bowed and left the saloon, and me verily astonished as Belshazzer himself. Here was I mixed np in a pretty affair. ;A terrible story was confided to me, which, if true, Ï was bound to keep to myself, but which, if false, I was equally bound to disclose, for some member of the company on board was menaced by great danger from a desperate man. I felt weighed down by bewilderment, and leaving my letters unwritten, wandered np the companion, to the fresh air and on to the hurricane deck where I could find a quiet corner to think the thing over, and try to come to some conclusion. I had not succeeded when we were sum- moned to dinner. I avoided the sight of the steward as much as possible, and he kept his eyes from me ; bot one glance told me that his face was preternaturally pale, while his eyes were deeply sunken m their sockets. So I was not surprised when, after noting his absence at breakfast the next morning and again at lunch, Mr. Beau- champ, my neighbour at table, informed me that the man was ill. \- ' How P' I asked, ' seriously.' 'Oh, I don't know; soddenly taken bad,' he replied, ' and ordered into hospi- tal by the doctor." This news was a relief to me. I was now for a while released from the neces- sity of action. So long as he was in hospital he conld do nothing, harm nor good, so I might be silent. The next day he was still absent f rem his post, and again the next; and the day following that, we were dne to arrive at Las Palmas, where I was to leave the ship. With the approach of the time when I was to see my sick relative, my own affairs took greater hold upon my mind, and the steward and his story perforce took a secondary place, particularly as he was out of sight and I knew inactive. Once, however, I sought out the captain and inquired how he was. ' About tho same. Nothing serions, but1>etter in bed.'was the reply. ' I never inquire into the affairs of any af my ship's servants, so long as they do their duties,' but, apparently with the idea of softening his rebuke, he added, with a smile: 'Other ladies besides you have inquired, you're not the only one.' Doubly nettled, I was quite silenced. How could I proceed P I thought of Mr. Beauchamp, but then, questioned, would he, too, think I was inquiring just out of vulgar ' feminine curiosity, because for- sooth the man was handsome F The Cap- tain's inuendo seemed to tie my hands. It was cowardly, I know, but I felt forced into a policy of inaction. Thc nett day at sunrise we touched the Island, and I had to land, without any opening having occurred, and then for that and many other days, all time and thoughts were taken up by many plans and cares and much letter-writing,- and I think I quite forgot the steward ¿ and all his works. One evening a fortnight or so after my landing, I was pleased to hear that Mr. Beauchamp was in the drawing-room and asking for me. ' Come ont for a walk,' he said, on see* ing mo, 'you look tired beyond every- thing.' * I am tired indeed,' I said, ' yes, I shall like a walk.' So ont we went down to the sea, and along the town mole where we could overlook the port. There, riding at anchor, lay a ' Palace ' boat with its familiar lines and colours. Mr. Beau- champ pointed her out. 'Shes homeward bound,* he said, ' don't you wish you and all your troubles were all aboard and the bine Peter Eying P' ' I do,' I said with emphasis. ' By the way,' he said, suddenly, ' the sight of that Palace boat reminds me I've forgotten to tell you before-I sup- pose you remember your interesting steward ?' . Yes,' I said. ? Yon remember he was taken ill P' ' Yes,' again I said. ' Well, I could not tell you at the time, being bound over to secrecy, as a medical man, but the fact was, he suddenly went mad, attacked the stewardess, and was only just prevented doing her some serions damage. When overpowered and securely fastened up, he raved in a terri- ble fury, and said she was a disguised woman, the widow of his brother whom .he had murdered on the ship some time backhand vengeance was bis, he would repay, he kept saying. 'I was called in to help the ship's doctor, he being but a young fellow and inexperienced, and the captain ordered ns not to mention the fact to the passengers, j But I thought you would be interested when we were once ashore, and I released from my oath." . I am,' I said, * very interested.' And I was, much more than he guessed. ' But what of the stewardess ?' ' She, oh, she preserved her presence of mind wonderfully, and the captain would say very little about her. He said he made it a rule never to enquire about the ship's servants any farther than as to their performance of duty while aboard and she seemed a good stewardess. As to the death, it really had occurred, it was fresh enough in his mind, and the ship's doctor of that time had satisfied him that was a clear case of angina pectoris. The man was over-wrought, the attack severe, and he succumbed. The widow, who had kept wonderfully calm, had landed on the Island, and happened to confide in the doctor that she dreaded , a return to England, where she had no friends and now no home, and her husband's people had never liked her, so she thought of trying to find work as a nurse or some- thing of that sort.' ' Then was the mad steward really the dead man's brother P' I asked. ' There seems little doubt of it,' Mr. Beauchamp retnrned. 'Indeed, it's pretty certain he is; and had become ¡ possessed, and finally crazed with the idea' that his sister-in-law had not valued his I brother enough, and had finally murdered him'. But why he should fix on oar capital little stewardess, I can imagine.' * No,' said I, 'horrible for the woman.' j And then, the darkness haying fallen with the rapidity of that latitude, so that j the ships were now discoverable only by their lights, we rose and walked back I towards the hotel. 'Poorchap,' said Mr. Beauchamp, *I ! can't get him oat of my bead. I suppose be's at this moment on board the St. Cloud Palace, now in port, on the way I home bound for some asylum. The ! Captain said he'd tranship him as soon as possible.' I lay awake some time that night think- ing of the mad steward', and the attacked stewardess, when suddenly a little incid- ent came back to me which I had hardly noticed at the time of of its occurrence, in the hurry and excitement of landing. Just before leaving the ship I had had some ado to find the stewardess to give her the accustomed tip, and I was some- what dteooncertod to bavé the gift refused. * EXCUBÔ me,' she had said very quietly, Mlwii|T^»y^^ * ÄWWtt lot No. 37 ' (my cabin number) ; ' and please, she said ' don't mention it to the others,' ' Oh, certainly not,' I had said, and she slipped away. As I say, the incident had made little impression upon me then, but now as F remembered it, it assumed a fresh im- portance ; in fact it seemed to be the hey to the story I'd been hearing or seeing in fragments since 1 left England. Bit by bit, as 1 lay with the window open to tho soft starlight, the little history put itself together in my mind. How she in troth was the dead man's widow-the mad man had not been deceived there - how, homeless, loveless, careless of her* self, she had felt more bound io this last resting-place of her husband's/ the s.s. Osborne Palace, than to any make-believe home in England. Her i hair whitened, ber face worn with the grief, from which she gained no ease by her speech or tears, she deemed herself sufficiently disguised to play a part, so took the berth of stewardess, woman's one opening at sea, and so haunted/ to quote the madman, not the scene of her crime» but of her love and her loss. To nie bad fallen the cabin they two had shared, auol for service there she would take' no* gratuity. Yes, surely, it was so, her calmness which the captain noticed was not indifference, bnt because she was too hard hit for words. Moreover, that she loved him I knew-how could it be other- wise P-him so gentle, so-but how did I know all this P Yet I did. Beyond surmise, or any other ..process of reasoning, it was to me as absolute knowledge. That woman, and the man I knew-and then it flashed npon me how« For one- hour I had been as she. Tba shadowy presence in the moonlight of cabin No. 37 came back to me, and £ remembered all. Bnt surely here I was in the region where only fools rash in. Who was I to pry into the mystery of two other sonia P I could not question farther, even myself. I closed my eyes and sleep came with reverent touch and put the seal. THE END. 