Jiku4antrie4l 'fancied ? — ANTIGONE. Once there was a little girl, as tbe saying goes, and she and her brother loved to pose in tableaux of their own conceiving. At the time when tlio Greek play of 'Antigone' was rriven in the city, they heard much talk about it from their elders, and were all afire to produce something brilliant themselves, on their own little stage. ' Let's play Antigone !' suggested Bertha, at last, when the old folks had been again talking it over. ' All right,' responded Tom, ' I'll be Antigone.' ' No von can't. She was a ladv ! I'll be Antigone.' ' All right you may. I'll be George Washington, and come in and tell her about my hatchet.' So the rehearsals were begun, and things went swimmingly. One day, however, Bertha got a little fractious, and longed for change. ' I guess I don't like Ann Tigone very well,' she said. ' I don't like her name. ' All right,' said obliging Tom, ' lets's alter it.' ' Why what can we call her ?' ' Mavy Tigone. That's a good name ?' The j prim a donna, approved the change, £vnd the play went on. IIAD TO CURB HIS APPETITE. The most overworked and at the same time the most poorly paid man in the world is the German school teacher. His salary is barely sufficient to prevent his body and soul from drifting apart. One summer day a fat brewer happened to be bathing in a stream, when he perceived the emaciated form of the village pedagogue. The brewer asked the wielder of the rod why he did not 'avo his person in the pellucid waves. ' Because my salary does not allow me to indulge in such extravagance, ' was the reply. 'It doesn't cost you any money to bathe.' responded tho brewer. ' 0, yes, it does. After bathing I am afflicted with such a ravenous appetite that my month's salary only lasts me two weeks. No, bathing is for rich people.' the roET. A.11 woes that all men ever knew Lie in his eoul, their labours in his hand; Yea, tear for tear, and haply tear for smile, Sin's smile, lie renders them : and if some while He doth withdraw himself, 'tie hut to stand Such Bpace apart aa gives tbe 1 irger view. I'D hU CONFESSION. A story of Scotch honesty comes from Dundee. A little boy there, a pupil in one of the schools, had taken the prize for an excep t- ? 11- ? 11 ? ? A Ct„„ (-1. „ uiuililllj HUil-ui.iiVJi -n-lLUi uui; cumul ation the teacher, a little doubtful, asked the lad : ' Who helped you with this map, James ?' ' Nobody, sir.' ' Come, now, toll me the truth, Didn't your brother help you ?' 'No, sir; he did it all.' ^[A^PIIONOGRAl'IIIC ghost. If you sleep iu the house of a wizard, you must be prepared for experiences out of the common. So thinks a gentleman who onco passed a night tinder Mr. Edison's roof. In the middle of the night he was awakened by the sound of a voice at his elbow. ' Mid night has struck!' it said, in hollow but resonant tones. ' Prepare to meet thy God !' The guest was out of bed in haste. He must be the victim of some hallucination. There was no one m the room. His would be a fine case for the' psychical research' people. But even while these thoughts were passing through his head, he was making for the door. In the hall he met Mr. Edison, who reassured him by saying: 'Don't be scared, old man; its nothing but a clock.' SHADOWS. In morning's tender light they gently take Tbeir footsteps o'er the earth and see ifc sake, And all day long they play about. ; then crcep, When night recalls them, home again to sleep. ' OVETl CAKEPDT,. . Surely a mother can never exercise too much caution in the care of her children ! And when she has a nurse for them who is doubly cautious, their well-being is undoubtedly assured. 'What is Willie crying about?' asked Mrs. B ? of Bridget, who had the care of the little boy for the afternoon. ' Shure, ma'am, he wanted to go acrost the stnreet to Tommy Brown's.' iiw„ii ? ? i_j. i ? „ ... o» it CII, IVUJ U1U11 t _yuu juu mux go r ' They wero bavin' charades, he said, ma'am, and I wasn't sure as he'd had 'cm yet !' SHE SPOKE IIEH PIECE. Hattic F., six years old, is thought to 'give promise of elocutionary talent. When Auntie May came to visit tho family, therefore, and offered to give the little girl some lessons, the offer was gladly accepted. Hattie's preference for lofty sentiment prompted the first selection. It began, ' See the eagle! How he soars!' After a few rehearsals, she was ready for a recitation be fore the assembled family. And there was great .applause when -she exclaimed : ' See the eagle ! How sore ho is !' MAGNANIMITY. To the ivy said t.be o-tk- : ' Half my majesty you cloak, Half my power and pride ,-ffaoe ; You are beauteous, yer, I vow That I tire, through Iwle aud bougli, 01 your burdening embrace.' From the heavens a wild storm broke, Gashed with liglittiiug the s»r»nd oak, Then in roars ot' wrath withdrew. But the pir.yiuir ivy twined Hound the great trwu's ruined rind, And bo veiled ita blight from view ! ACCOUNTED rOli. Lady (to butcher) : ' I thought that I or dered a calf tongue of you. Look at this ; it is as long as an ox tongue.' Butcher : ' Beg pardon, madam, that is a calf's tongue ; you see it was a female calf.' THE MODEST JIAID. Mistress: ' You liavo always boon. so care ful, Mary, that I can't understand how von : ivippencd to break that vase this morning.' Maid : ' Well, you see, mem, I never have broke nothing, and I was afraid you would be thinking that I might want to got above my station.' JL SONG OP A DKKA1T, In the garden of Bleep whore red poppies are born, A vision pursued me from midnight till morn ; A dark dream foreshowing a grief for my knowing, A blighting of hopes that would leave me forlorn. In the garden of death where white lilies are born, I waked from my dream in tlio stillness of morn; And lo, at Uie portal my dead hopes immortal Were bearing new blossoms my life to adorn, 