SHORT STORY, One Night of my Life -.... - .. AIOUT A bMADMIAN. 'llyv DARLING ALIC,.? ..; " r "I will try and be wth' you tonight. Miy buslaness takes soe to a smll ton abloattwelttty I miles front your hauos, Ind I olll not bear to be so near you without laohking Ilto your oweet eyes ald hearing yon sly tlst you are trii to meo, so Ilaall ride over in Il anlfterloonl, andl Good wlling shill hold you in my arms to-night. " Y'ou OwN Jus." S'flaing dlipatchedi my day's business and sent this letter to my sweetheart, 1, the Jack therein mentioned, hastened to hire n horse for the purpose of riding the twenty miles which separated me from Alice, my be. trothed bulde. As my business'--which was that of a travelling agent for a prosporous house-obliged me to be often away from home, a chance like this to see Alico was very preclous to me. It was six o'clock In the evening when I started out on my horse from the iloor of the inn where I hall been stopping. In vain was it that the landlord tried to dissuaden me; his naccont of the lonely and desolatn road, and of the frightfulthbings which had hap pened on It, of thet murdiers and midnight horrors which hung over it, colid not tura me from my purpose. Oiven the thought lthantI musttpms by..hohnilnteld rock, In theo pork, alone,ohll with ino hopFe of aid, should I require It, that I must ride through passes which the village legendspeopled witlhspirits and ghosts of the depnrted travellers, could not deter me. I spurred onward amid tlie dark forebodings of those assembled to wit. ness my rasli departre, my lnndlord's Iro. Ihesy of a sudden and violent storm ringing IIn my enra as I went, I treated these super. stitiousn'tale as merely the inventionas of ignorant vilingers, nnd the sntlad which were reported to issue from the hIunted rock, ano, at best, coming fron tile throat of seiane humin n enemy, against whom a pistol would be moot clffective. There were still two hours of daylight be. fore ime, and no I rodtl along I was lost in thoughts at mly sweetheart. I seemed to see her standing on her vice.covered porch, rendy an welcome me with her bright smile. Tlhe dainty figure, with its llue eyes nld waving hair, rose before my eyes; ni so vivdlt was the vision that I spoke her nnam half shrlild. 'ohesound of my own voice startled me, ndli looking ap for the first time, I saw that the sky was growingl black, tile wind was howl. Ing, and rumbling distant thunder was in the sir. I t had come-the storm which my lIndlord had foretold. I spurred on lyl horse; a big drop of rain splashed over my 'fnc; the odark. ness thickened; and at thile sano instant through tlhe glooan loomed up the outlines of the huge bohlder, which a turn in the rond had before hldden from my sight. A slight shivefcrept over me as I reelled the tales connected with it, and thoughttpon tmyown loncly situation. Solething of this feeling seemued to enter into my horse, for as we neared the rock, shrouded in ldarkness, he trembled from liend to foot. Using all my atrrogth, I forced him past it, and at theanmo instnllt there sounded upon my car n low burslt of naghter, so eeculiar in its tone oas to send on ley shedder through Inme. A something that was not hulman soundedl in it. It was fiendlish, devilish. Conquering my moment. cry weakness, I stralned my eyes to pierce the darkness, in the hope of dicOvering the slnpe from whicl those souauis proceeded, but all was silent and deserted ias the grave. The form moust have been swallowed Il in darkners, for I saw nothing. A strange feel. ilg of dread weighed on my heart, vaguentd indefinite, and the night grew blacker nod blacker. Tile storm drew neardr, and my every effort nan.dtiront.l.to g\na?mo,.plao oat sit-.l ler from tihe rain. I looked in vain for alight in the distancel ; all was black and desolate torrents of rain poured down, sonking me to the skin; thunder crashed, and my poor horse galloped as for hIis life. Once, between the thunder penis, I seemed to Iear that snme low, mad Inagh in my ear, tand, shaddering, I wlllly spurred mny poor lorse. Just than a vivid flash of lightning illumined the road, disclating a but about a hundlred feet in ndvarne ; a secal Iluash enabled tme to reach the opening whclh hadl once been a door; but tlae whole miserable place was in a ruitnous condition. For years it hadI been abandoned to wind alnd weather. Fenrfully I enteredl, nd found myself in the largest of thi two rooms which tihe lloel bonsted. The calling was broken nawany, nl the rain poured in upon tile rotting Ilour, nud bent thlrough the broken window. Nothing more fearful and nmore wild coubl be imanngine, but still I welcomed it, nandl turnint the poor horseoloose outside, I passed into the inner room. A lightning flash il humined it, and standing upright against the oppIltao wall I saw the form of a man, hlls face distorted by a smile of wicked cunning, and as the darkness fell again, a shriehing laugh mingled with the thuander. Mlade desperate by the terrors of the nlkht and oul my loneliness, I struck a mntch and rushed forward ; but the flgule nos gone,the rooma deserled, 'ttrning, I passed into the first roatm, but It was equaluly tenantless. Full of wonder and strange forebodings, I chose a dry spot and threw myself upolln the Iloor and tried to sleep. Vains enderaor; the figure haunted me, nand often, as failltge overplowered nle and sleep seemed on the point of reolleving me, the memory of that laughter would ring through my brain, and I wouldl start wildly lip, to ndal myself lying alone aion the floor with the storm still rag. Ing without. Finally, quite exhausted, I fell into a deep alumber, which lasted I know not hoIw long. baut which was suddenly and violently broken by thalt samo demoniac noise. This time I tried to rIse, in vain ; fearful weight wans on my chest. Straining ope n my eyes, I behcld In the light of the moon, which now shone through the window, that samto anl's faeo bending over mine. Terri fled beyond expressloln, I struggled to free mIysell of the creaturo inpo me; but my arams and legs were fast bouald I the eIano eunning smile distorted the fcee, asu the lerling eyes rolled ns I straggled vainly. I strove to shriek, but the sonnd cane not ; a faint gurgle was the only result of my frantic ef. furt. At the anloe instant tle creature above mea roan, and with chuckles mad lers, drew forth a coll of rope I nodding his hItend and gibber. ing, ha arrangtied a nooso, and with anotlier bloatl cunlling lugh, lohe placed it about mly neok. My hod, the ogony of that moment, lwhen I renllseda that I wavs a bnhsolltely at the morey of m mnlnna I Tighter andl tighlter lhe drilw the ropel, till my faco grow black with soifo. ention, nld lly eyes nndl tonglloe startedl from my heani, Coneiolllueslls was almost goute when the pressure was slowly, steadily re- Iaxed, and the maniac's features glared down IIn si iU onc atore, I breathioLd angnis I lie JanI alrerd tle I Ilhe rush aif jyful feeling lelatrly ,vereanlu tne. 1lI Illrkodl the expirens lii ,if irly fIIe, nndl, chuckling, draw theLio tlanoa at(ganll, exllltng to watch Iny.foce Ilar. ile, ntl ,I ly eyes pIrolrlude, T'weUntLy tines I thiu~llt ll ly ldeath agonay nt ]aln, and tiwenty t(Iiane willah ailen etaitlln y's c ina, e resltnruil auy I,rltah, nltl Iratrhtlaayl Inaay latrettie humw IiI iltiahiral naiti all alu~lteral l tohself aco. phait his littndlih tod, tai ti I Iny I II h ,t, whtll I nlrl:ggledl to glt freeo, wrentllinllg i ay'illy with InIah Ind oIttUIrei, hi ilutlered Is iotane, enitling Inuglh IlIw I Ilgcd uIa irayed for death i ihow I lhipea ia th anllllmn wul ut l inileI dIR\V (hai Itll sota Ihllllut tlhai, wlahen illlalnd utay breolh -nil hl still luat ti tall nl. t hlhlti ly lic ri?rin 5neniutd leosSlenad wIth etaittlt him late. hliHaowly lie hitw offa thi ruplle, aidt, wllh oat tilaalkauthl llnite, lltaihe ro, tt, Al frst, I lri,,I Ilint hot , flil Ift!i htil w iaiI thi I hliII Hiiti i y aii ) i 1 he n inl h n , It il hItatiti to think iitat hI wini tat i, ;i ti a l ,a'ta ai tohntli Ili a ilghl t yeu lle Itavt il, I vtrpltagiled Io froc niyvlaL italielu Ilaa strggllhd atol w ilthei qaiill toy htatt hearly buest thlogtlh Wy 0ony; but innln. Just tnena now sound cnught my ear, filling me with unutterable dread. A fork of light sbot up. Yes, it was tree, the manine had set fire to the hovel. And now;l saw his face grinning at me thrrouglh the window. Makingone last super human effort. I uttered n $f(eful shriek. The madman leaped in at thelo vndow, and, at the smeo instant; another forni followed him. Some one seized me. I knew no more. When consciousness returned, I was lying upon a bed inl ly sweetheart's own pretty room, andt she, with tears in her gentle eyes, was watching my slow return to life. I learned afterwards, when my strength returned, that tihe madman had escaped from an asylum In the nelgnhborhood, and being missed, llis keeper, attracted by the eight of the lilmnes, arrived just in time to saoe nme from thte Ihorrible fate fate which seemed to await me. I hart fallcn into a odeep swoon. anl from that into a raging fever, and durilg ily ravings enough was learned to send me to the house which hab: beenl my destination when I started out the previous night. As soon no I was well again Alice nld I were married, and were surely happler than it falls to the lot of msta mortals to o ; but never while I live shall I forget the agonies of that one night of my life. 