A MISTAKEN POLICY. APART from the general question of Free Trade—which is one which, were a plebiscite taken, the majority of the colonists would vote in favor of—there is one phase of the Customs' tariff which displays more than ordinary narrow- mindedness and short-sightedness on the part of the Parliament of Western Australia. We refer to the import duty ou fruit and the prohibition of the importation of apples. That portions of this colony are capable of producing certain semi-tropical fruits to perfection we are well aware ; that these are not grown in sufficient quantities to meet the requirements of the population or anything like its requirements, is certain. There can, therefore, be little reason for taxing those fruits that can be advantageously grown in the colony, under the circumstances, and far less reason for placing an impost upon those which cannot bfe grown in Western Australia or which the landowner does not feel disposed to grow. Anyone has only to note the Christmas display of West Australian fruits in the windows of the principal fruit shops in Perth to be convinced that the local production is contemptible 011 the whole, while the prices are exorbitant. Grapes and figs appear to be the only things grown to anything like perfection, and both are decidedly good and dearer than good. The apricots, peaches, nectarines, and apples of West Australia constitute the humour of the fruit trade. They are about the size of marbles and are ticketed at from 2d. to 3d. each. The country should produce lemons in abundauce, but the few colonial-grown samples displayed in the shop windows are, as a rule, not very enticing. Those who have a desire for a lemon 9quash have for the most part to be served with imported lemons. But whilst we deprecate the mistaken policy of taxing fruit importations generally, there can be little doubt but that the prohibition of the introduction of apples into Western Australia is as farcical as irritating. What is the object ? It is said that the codlin moth may be introduced, and thus injure the apple orchards of this colony. Well to begin with, apples worthy the name are not grown and never will be grown to any extent in Western Australia. The climate is unsuitable for the growth of that fruit, and the ghosts of locally grown apples shown in the shops and stalls of Perth prove this to demonstration. Then as to the codlin moth, it would really be a good thing it' the grub destroyed all the apple crops in the country. We venture to state that the codlin moth has existed in tliis colony for many years, though it has certainly had very poor fare to exist upon. We remember when some twelve or fourteen rears ago an outcry was raised in New yealand by orchardists against the in- Zoduction of apples, except, under ttrictest supervision, IVom Tasmania. Inspectors were appointed at every port to examine each consignment arriving in any harbour, and hundreds of cases were ordered to be destroyed because half a down grubs were found in the cores. This brought about a newspaper controversy, which in turn brought to light tin; fact that the codlin moth had existed in New Zealand from the very earliest days of the cultivation of the apple tree. It also showed that the pest, like that of the locust in Australia. was only extremely injurious at rare intervals, and so by-and-bye the codlin moth was forgotten, and the orchardists went on in the even tenor of their old way. The moth has had its habitat iu most oi' the Australian colonies for moiiv years, but there is no scarcity <>i" apples on that account : so that even though the climat-c of Western Australia wen 1 suitable for the growth in perfection of the apple, there is JIO cause for alarm at the importation of the fruit, and 110 legitimate reason 011 any ground whatsoever why its importation should be prohibited. We are led to these remarks by the almost entire absence on the goldfields of one of the most nutritious fruits, and one that, in a territory devoid of fresh vegetables, is an invaluable adjunct to health. The apple has properly been called the " king of fruits," for, besides being a delicacy, it is a valuable food, and has medicinal properties of the highest order. An eminent authority asserts that apples are far more nutritious than potatoes, and that one can "work on them, walk on them, and think 011 them." But 011 the goldfields we can't get them. Other fruits wo can occasionally procure at fabulous prices. Lemons are mostly shrivelled up or rotten by the time they reach the consignee: withered bananas are sometimes seen, and oranges are exposed for sale at distant intervals. But apples are almost as scarce as angels' visits, because we are compelled to take such of the wretched local product as are grown in the coastal districts, after the city and seaboard towns have been scantily supplied. We hope the Government will ere long take steps to remove the restrictions placed upon the importation of this "king of fruits," so that the residents of the fields may be supplied with this health-preserving and nutritious product of the cooler latitudes. 