FICTION. Tbe Supernatural. (Continued.;) The main fact in connection with the occurrence is known to all of you, of course, for it was published in the newspapers, and was a matter of com- mon knowledge, and regret m the pro fession. I am referring to the sad death of Judge Engelfield two years ago. As you are aware, he committed suicide. Ae I went circuit with him for the last time before his death, 1 know more than any other person ex cept perhaps his tipstaff, who also acted as his valet, as to the circum stances under which he took away his life. It waB his fortune to have to try a prisoner, who was not unknown to him, on a capital charge. The accused had been a bank manager in a provin cial town, and he had married a woman with whom poor Engelfield had been madly in love when he was only a struggling barrister. The bank mana ger, whose name — as some of you may recollect from reading the newspaper reports— was Mr George Gayyoyle, was charged with having murdered his wife. They certainly lived a miser able life together. Garvoyle treated her badly, and in turn she proved rather reckless in her conduct — not that she was guilty of any actual im propriety— at least, nothing of the kind was proved against her. But the husband, who flas addicted to drink and gambling, became furiously jealous, and in their quarcels he often threate'ned to take her life. The evi dence showed that he kept a revolver always in a drawer in the room where he slept, and it was with this weapon that Mrs Garvoyle was shot. The evidence of servants went to show that on the night of her death there had been a fearful scene between them. Altogether the case was a very black one agaiBst the prisoner, though per haps the chain of testimony was not logically complete. However, Engel field conceived a bitter prejudice against the husband and believed thoroughly in his guilt even before the trial came on. If he had been wise, he would have asked me to try the case, but apparently he wished to have the satisfaction of sitting in judgment on the man he hated — and perhaps with good reason. You see, he had really been attached to this woman, for on her account he never got mar ried and avoided female society. "Well, the trial came on in due course. Tbe prisoner pleaded ' not guilty.' He was ably defended, and, after the case had occupied two days, he was con victed and sentenced to be hanged that day month in the gaol of the assize town. I met Engelfield after the close of the trial, and his mind seemed to be a perfect hell. He felt satisfied that the sentence passed oh Garvoyle was a just one: but he looked on himself, now that the reaction had come, as if he had acted not as a Judge, but as an executioner. He told me that he had, since the termination of the trial, dreamt of Mrs Garvoyle, and that she denounced him as the assassin of her husband. In his dreams be tried to speak to her, to explain that he had only done bis duty— he even sank npon his knees before her : but, with an inexorable look in her white face she vanished, leaving him in a state of utter despair. On his return to London he tried to resume bis ordinary habits. He visited the club, and passed somebours each day in either his own library or the British Museum. But he could not feel the same. I often saw him during the month following that fatal trial, and was shocked at his appear ance. He was himself more like a ghost than a man. He complained of sleeplessness, and went so far as to tell me that he had again seen Mrs Garvoyle, and this time not in a dream, but as an actual apparition, and that she had cursed him in language too awful to be repeated. His conversa tion at this period was always on the one subject — the banker's trial, and the approaching execution. On the evening immediately pre ceding the day fired for the execution f of Garvoyle, Engelfield paid me a visit. His face was literally as pallid as that of a corpse. He wore a large travelling cloak, and was evidently going on a journey. Good-bye, Bland, he said. We shall never meet again in this wide world. What do you mean ? I exclaimed. Are you not in ; good health ? Why, you are a younger man than myself. Nevertheless it is tho last time you'll see me this side of eternity, said Engelfield, with a straDge look in his eyes. Eor God's sake, Engelfield don't do anything rash, Baid I. That infernal murder trial has turned your head, I'm afraid. ' He laughed in a melancholy sort of way, but appeared unwilling to discuss the subject further. Well, old fellow, he said, wringing my hand so that I winced ; good-bye, again ! I must go. Where are you going, Engelfield ? I asked. To the other world, he replied with a sickly attempt at a smile. No, not just immediately. I am going to (Here he mentioned the name of the assize town where next morning Gar voyle was to be hanged.) I implored him to stay in London. In vain ! He was as fixed as fate in his determination. Next morning Garvoyle was exe cuted, and on the following night poor Engelfield shot himself in the very town where the execution had taken place. His tipstaff, a faithful fellow, who had accompanied him in his journey to the assize town, and who had closely watched his movements, told me that before committing suicide he had seen Garvoyle with a rope round his neck, and then the culprit or his apparition, solemnly declared that he was innocent of the murder, inas much as his wife had, after a deadly quarrel between them, got at the re volver by stealth, and shot herself. If the tipstaff is to he believed— and for my part I think the man is no liar — his master's last words were, ' Tbe dead man must have his revenge.' That's the whole story and it ought to convince even the most sceptical that the supernatural has a deep in fluence on even the strongest minds in dealing with the ordinary affairs of life. No, no, said Mr Bulstrode, dog matically. It only proves that when a strong min dcollapses superstition takes | hoi 1 of it, just :-« darkness creeps m when the sun has gone down. That explains the matter in my opinion, assented Mr Justice Keswick, withoutresortine to any transcendental hypothesis. Have it your own way, said Mr Jus tice Bland ; but, Kr my own part, I believe there are m:iDy things in life ' that can never be explained. The End. ( — ' / ' 