THE NOVELIST. BILLIE BELLEW.* Br W. E. NORMS. Chapter XXII. a fl'll confession. "The late John Kirby," remarked Mr. Forbes, " was not a man whom it was possible to regard with any of that respect or esteem which I might be wrongly supposed to have entertained for him, were I to attend his funeral in person. Of the dead it has long been agreed by common consent that nothing but good shall be spoken ; yet even in the case of those who have passed, as it were, out of our jurisdiction it is inex pedient to pay honour where no honour is due, and I fear that the fact of my presence in the churchyard to-morrow would lie liable to misconstruction. However, we will send the carriage." These sentiments, when rendered into less beautiful language, simply meant that Mr. Forbes was not going to expose himself to the risk of catching cold for the sake of a dis reputable ruffian, whose demise was a boon to the community in general and to the Forbes family in particular. Somewhat similar views must have been held by the neighbouring nobility and gentry; for although a long line of carriages followed the imposing hearse which bore John Kirby's body to the grave, they were all of thein empty; and perhaps the tenantry only attended in such large numbers from a sense of duty to the new squire and a not unnatural wish to start well with him. The obsequies were conducted with much pomp and at con siderable expense, Edmund being a great stickler for the due observance of use and wont in such matters. The same sense of respect for traditional customs led him to remain indoors, with all the blinds drawn down, until one more coliin had been added to the row in the family vault; but on the following day he thougiu there could be no harm in his betaking himself to Stratton park, where his advent was fully expected. It was partly because she felt quite certain of his putting in an appearance that after noon that Winifred left the house soon after luncheon and wandered down through the garden towards the park. He would see her mother, and if he sh mid wish to follow her, it would be easy enough for him to do so ; but there was a chance—just the ghost of a chance—that he might be content to postpone their meeting to anatiier day ; and although Winifred was no coward, she was not exempt from that desire to stave off the inevitable as long as possible which is common to frail humanity. However, she did not think very much about Edmund Kirby after she had set out on her walk. It was one of those soft still autumn days, the beauty and the melan choly of which are peculiarly English. Al though the sun was shining, the prevailing tints of the landscape were silvery grey ; a thin haze blurred the outlines of the trees and hung over the fields and the low hills ; the foliage was changing, a few dead leaves were already fluttering to the ground, and the grass was still wet with yesterday's dew. The annual death of Nature had not yet come ; but forebodings of its approach were in the air. That death would of course be succeeded by the annual resurrection ; but it seemed to Winifred that there could never be any more spring or summer for her. It was over—quite over and done with—that dear old life, which had had its little worries, but through which there had always run an undercurrent ol youth and felicity. Never again would Micky play truant; never again would she pursue him breathlessly through the stable-yard, and away down to the muddy home-covert; never again would she ride with him to see the hounds meet; never again would the sound of his shrill young voice call her from her accounts or her copying work. The whole atmosphere was heavy with the weight of that eternal, pitiless silence. Oh, no! her mother was right; life at poor old Stratton had become im possible. She visited a dozen familiar spots, every one of whir';: spoke to her of Micky, telling herself tha: to her dying day she would not, if she could help it, visit them again; she wanted to see them to say good-bye, that was all. During the remainder of the time that must elapse before she quitted the home of her childhood for ever she would only leave the house to go out driving with her mother or to walk down to the village. Finally she reached the shore of the lake which had been the innocent cause of so much sorrow, and stood for a while beside the rotting boat house, gazing at the smooth, grey surface of the water. The beat, which had only been secured by a chain from the stern, had floated out from the shelter and was in need of baling; there was a tin bait-box on one of the seats, and a spare line lay near it. Probably noliody had approached the spot since that fatal day, so many months ago, when Micky had left it, bearing his fish basket with him in triumph. Winifred stooped down, grasped the chain, and was drawing the boat towards her, when a voice from behind her back said— " Can I help you ?" She turned her sa 1, pale face towards the tall man in the black clothes, whose appearance did not startle her, and answered, " I wanted to get hold of that little bait-box. I think Micky must have forgotten it and left it there." Edmund soon secured that treasure, and handed it to her without a word. He was fall of sorrow and sympathy for her; bnt, knowing yjiatfe.jay, he held his peaoe.like thg ieipible mail that he was; „ of publishing this work has been the proprietors of The Auatrahuian. and so for a brief space there was silence. He broke it at length by remarking— " I have just had a long chat with your mother. She tells me that Mr. Forbes thinks of letting the place and going abroad for a time. It sounds like a wise plan." "Oh, yes; it is the only plan," agreed Winifred. " I didn't think of it until she mentioned it; but I see now that we couldn't have stayed on here. We should have all learnt to hate it; and that would have been too dreadful." " It is natural that_you should have such a feeling," said Edmund ; " but I hope you don't mean that the whole neighbourhood has become distasteful to vou. For your parents to leave England is all very well, but my home—our home—must be in Shropshire now, and I am afraid it will be niv clear duty to inhabit it for eight or nine months of the year." " Oh, of course." " And jour mother thinks," Edmund went on, " that it would he better for yon not to accompany them when they start on their travels. She thinks that if you and I were quietly married before then, nobody could accuse us, under the circumstances, of a want of proper feeling ; and she says, truly enough, that, as your sister's wedding has taken place since—since your trouble, there is no real reason why yours should not. I do not think it at all likely^hat my own mother would raise any objection ; she, too, speaks of going South for change and rest." He added, after a short pause, " I don't like the idea of hurrying you, and you shall not be hurried, if you dis like it; but at least there is no harm, I hope, in my telling you what I should wish." He spoke in an apologetic tone, and was evidently prepared for opposition ; but he met with none. " I don't want to go abroad," Winifred said, "and I quite think, as you and mamma do, that if we are married without any fuss or rejoicings, we shall not be called heartless. Besides, I don't know that it would so very much matter it vjg were." She came to a full stop here; but as Edmund was beginning to speak, she in terrupted him by adding: " Only there is something that I muBt tell you before I marry you. It is a rather disagreeable thing to have to say; and perhaps—I don't know—perhaps, after you have heard it, you may not wish to many me at all. Still I am Bure that it ought to be said." "I also have something to tell you," Edipund observed ; "and it is so disagreeable to me to mention it that I have put off doing so longer than, perhapB, I ought to have done. But we shall both feel better when we have relieved our minds. Wdl you begin, or shall 1 ?" "Oh, I will speak first, pleasi.' answered Winifred, with a faint smile. " What I have to say will be soon said. Yen remember my felling you, after we came bad; irom Algiers, about Daisy and Mr. Hellew? Well, I die]n't tell you the whole truth then. II I had, I should have told you tlint Mr. Hellew made me an offer of marriage just bmore he left. I was utterly taken by surprise; I had never supposed that he was thinking of anything of the kind, and 1 honestly believe that I had never been anything more than friendly with him." Edmund nodded, and looked as if he ex pected her to continue. Evidently she had neither astonished nor angered him, so far. ■ " Did you know of this, then she asked. " Yes ; I knew that Hellew had proposed to you and had been refused ; 1 will tell you pre sently how I came to hear of it. Hut that was not all you had to say, was it Winifred sighed. "No; not quite all," she answered. "Mr. Hellew was here for a few days in the spring, as you know : but 1 scarcely saw him or spoke to him. and it was only by the merest chance that I met him afterwards, one day, in London. Then we did talk for a long time about Mickv—you know how fond Micky was of hitn—but we didn't speak of—of other thines. Only I understood that he had not changed. A day or two later he called in Hans-place; but mamma subbed him and Harry Lysaght was jealous of him ; bo he went off yachting. I have not seen him since." " But you have wished to see him ?" " I don't think 1 have—not in the way that you mean. I suppose in one sense 1 shall always wish to see him ; because there is nobody else in the woyld who seems to me like a sort of link with Micky. But in reality I shall go out of my way to avoid meeting him ; for—oh, how shall I make you under stand !" " My dear," said Edmund gently, " it is not difficult to understand ; though I daresay it is difficult for you to explain. I will try to make it a little easier. What 1 had to say to you—and perhaps I ought to have said it befote now—was this. You remember that poor little Micky was very anxious to speak to me during his last illness. We thought, then, you know, that he had taken a turn for the better and was getting well again ; but be himself must have felt some doubts; for he told me that, in case of our never meeting again, he wished me to know what had occurred in Algiers. His impression was that you had only refused Mr. Bellew because you considered yourself bound by your engagement to me, and he asked me to promise that I would release you from that engagement. Of course 1 could not comply with such a request upon the spur of the moment, and without hating satisfied myself that 1 ought to do so ; but 1 did promise that you should never marry me against your will. Afterwards in London, as you will recollect, 1 offered to set you tree, though I did not mention all (he reasons that I hud for think ing that freedom might be welcome to you. I should have gone on to mention them, I hope, if your reply had h en less decided ; hut as it was, 1 believed what I wanted to be i<>ve, and took it for granted that Micky had made a mistake. I couldn't feel quite easy in my mind, though, and I meant to tell you to-day about that interview that I had with him. Now, my dear Winnie, I know as well as possible what your goodness and un selfishness have made you resolve to do ; but it wouldn't really he a right thing, or even a kind thing, to marry me when your heart be longs toanother man. You would he treating me badly if you did that; you aren't treating me lmdly by giving me pain which you can't help now, and 1 suppose you could no more help loving that other man than 1 could help loving you." " But I don't! — I don't!" exclaimed Winifred, who was nottnisled by the above unemotional speech, and who knew how great an effort it had cost Edmund liirby to make it. " What I thought you ought to be told—what 1 wanted you to understand— but I almost despair of making you or any body else understand it '.—was not that I care for Mr. Bellew more thnn 1 do for yon, but only that, if everything had been dif ferent, 1 might perhaps have loved him." Her pale face Hushed all over, and she lowered her eyelids. "There!" she mur mured ; " now 1 huve told the truth and the whole truth. If, after that confession, you still wish me to he your wife, I will marry you as willingly as I would have done at any time during all these years. More willingly, indeed : for 1 have no home duties now." Edmund looked puzzled. He was not a man who understood, or particularly wanted to understand, fine gradations of sentiment. He wanted to do what was right and straight forward, and it appeared to him that there should he no splitting of Hairs upon so im portant a question as that of marriage. " 1 muy be dull of comprehension," he said, "hut you don't convince me that yon are not in reality in love with Hellew. You say you will go out of your way to avoid him; yon say that you might have loved him, if everything had been different; doesn't all that mean that you would have allowed'your self to love him if you had not been engaged to me ?" " No ; it doesn't mean that, Kdmund, 1 isn't thinking only of my engagement when spoke of things being different; 1 was wasn I »«■ i t was tlnnking of him too. He would have to be different—very different indeed from what he ie —before I could love him." Kdmund's brow cleared a little. " Well" he remarked, " it is true that Bellew'a tastes are quite unlike yours, and 1 can hardly imagine you lending th ■ kind of life that he lends. Not that there is any harm in it, and I don't wish to sneer at racing and huntin A|. U * men, who are at least very superior i loafers, only you have never been ™ tome.l to think and talk about nothing but horses." Winifred smiled. "I should certainly he a fish out of water nt Melton or Newmarket" said she ; " but that was not quite what ! meant. I meant that Mr. Bellow, g00ij 6n,j kind-hearted as he is, ana thoroughly manly in some ways, is not manly jn o hers Perhups it is justbecuuse lie is so good mid kind- hearted that he is so lamentably weak You won't have forgotten what I told you about him and Mrs. Littlewood. She is not at all a nice woman ; he wanted to shake himself tree of her, and before 1 had any suspicion that he cared forme, 1 us-dtotiy and induce him to screw up his courage t0 the stieking-poiiit. But lie never could. She made hitn ridiculous in Algiers; it was slip wlm dragged hitn ostentatiously away from the place, in spite of his reluctance. In London he assured me that lie had broken with her finally : yet it seems that when he was taken ill in Scotland a short time ago he made haste to send for her. Mamma showed me a paragraph in a newspaper, which said that lie ascribed his recovery to her careful nursing. Do you understand any better now ?" If he did not, he at all events thought that lie did. There was nothing incomprehen sible to him in the disdain which a right minded woman must naturally feel for a man who, while professing to love her, had not the moral courage to renounce a bygone entanglement of which he was weary. And if he himsell did not yet occupy quite so high a place in her affections as that man might have occupied, he had at least done nothing to forfeit her respect. Nor was it unreason able to hope that, as years went on, she might learn to love him with a love which he had hitherto, perhaps, exerted himself too little to earn. Something of this kind he said to lipr ; and her reply was of a nature to satisfy liim and to relieve him of all his doubts. " I wouldn't marry you, lvlmunri," she de clared, "if I didn't feel.sure that I could do my duty and be a good wife to you. We know each other so well_ that we needn't la* airaid of making any of those dreadful dis coveries which often cause unhappiness amongst married people. Only you mustn't expect tne to he always cheerful or to he the same as I was before I lost Micky. I feel as if I had grown old before my lime; you will have to make I he best of an old woman." " My dear," answered Kdmund, " whether you are old or young, cheerful or sad, you will always be yourself. You won't hear nteconi plaining of you, and any slightest wish of yours that 1 can gratify ] will gratity ; that I promise you." She knew that lie would keep his promise. and she was neither nnhappy not ungrateful, as they walked slowly back towards the house together in the waning light, tiratitude is, indeed, due for the love of any hottest gentle man ; and as for happiness, how many people ever obtain it in its supremest form, or, obtaining it, are able to keep their hold uP°n it ? Winifred was more than reconciled to u destiny which, now that she had un bosom-d herself of Iter secret, she couM eo't template without dread or misgiving:s,e recognised, too, the chivalrous lorhearaace of her future husband, who had refratne from demanding more than she was able to give him. . Nevertheless, there must always he a touc i of sadness in the certainty that supreme Itappinese is absolutely unattainable. 