THE LIME-KILLN CLUB. 'If Brudder Trustee Pullback am in de hall dis eavenin' I should like, him to step for'd,' said Brother Gardner as the regular business of the meeting was concluded. Brother Pullback had justcrowded in between the stove and the wood box to peel and eat an onion ha had brought along to stay his stomach with, and it was with considerable hesitation that SIhe make his appearance. 'Brudder Pullback,' continued the I president of the Lime-Kiln Club, ' on de way home from the church last I Sunday yo' declar'd to Brudder Pickles I Smith dat yo' didn't dun believe de 5 whale awallered Joner.' 'Y-yes, sah.' 'Dat same eaveni,,' when Elder Toots cum ober to yo'r cabin, yo' told 1 him yo' didn't dun believe dar was any whale around at de time.' 'I was jest talking,' sail.' 'Next day, yo' met Brudder Samuel t Shin, yo' dun said yo' didn't believe dar was any sich pusson as Joner.' 'Dad was only argyment, sah.' 'Brudder Pullback,' continued the president, as lie grew more earnest,' yo' had sot right yere an' heard me read de bylaw agin religus discushuns. Yo' has seen members fined an' sus pehded bekase dey broke de bylaws. Yo' am one of de oldest members, an' yit yo' walk ober de rules an' regul ashuns as if dey war straws on do airth 1 Fustly, why didn't de whale swaller Joner I Answer me dat!' '1 dunno, alh.' 'Secondly, why wasn't de whale around when Joner was frowed into de seal' 'Dunno.' 'Thirdly, why wasn't dar ai pusson named Joner, jist de same as dar' amsin a pusson named Pullback 1' SDuVnno' ' Brudder Pullback, I has met up wid jest sick pig-headed pussons as yo' am befo I Yo' believe in ghosts, but yo' doatl' believe in de whale. Yo' believe in dreams but yo' doan' believe in Joner. If somebody dun told yo' dat a house blowed down in Chicago yo'd take it fur gospel troof, but when de bible tellsyo' I 'bout Joner yo' declar' it's a yarn. Bekase yo' wasn't right dar' an' seed it wid yo'r own eyes yo' argy dat it couldn't he' happened.' '1 wasn't in airnest, sahl,,' humbly protested Pullback. 'Den so much de wuss for yo' I De alean who starts ain argytment fur de sake of listenin to his own gab libs next doah to a fule I Hey yo' scarched de records as' failed to find dat dar' was sicl a pusson as Joner 1' , No, sal.' 'Hev' yo' looked np de whalin' biznesa an' failed to diskiver dat dar was a whale on hand at de proper time an' place 1' ' No, sah.' 'I thought notl Hev yo' got any proofs lyin' around de house dat de bible ain't true l' ' No, sal.' ' Den how does it happen dat yo' am steppin' high wid yo'r hat on yo'r ear an' declarin' dat yo' doan't believe in dese stories I' Brother Pullback was silent. 'I ihav a few mo' words to say to yo,' sall !' continued the president as lie ap ploached the edge of the platform. * De quickest way to let yo'r feller-men know dat yo' ni a foule is to argy on a imattah yo'r feller men know dat yo' am r fule is to argy cin is mattah yo' doean' know nuffin' 'bout. Yo' may believe in the hull bible, in hlsf of itor in nore of it 'tall, but yo' must gin odder folks de same show. Dar' may be sunthin' powerful wrong 'bout Dan'l in de lion's den, de passage of the Red Sea an' de whale dat followed Joner, but it looks mighty quare dat it should be left to a hum-backed, knee sprung ole masn like yo' to rind it all out. Yo' ani de pusson, I believe, who took Brodder Watkins out behind a lumber-pile an' shook yvo'r fist in his face bakese ie said lie believed dat Adam was seben feet highl' 'Iiow did Ihe know 'bout 1 asked Brother Pullback, 'All' how did you know'bout it 1 Yo' said Adam was eight feet high, an' he said seben, Uiar' amn no figgers to be had as to Adam's height, weight or how fur lie could jump. Beoaf cf yo' jest guessed at his tallness, an' Brudder Watkins was as lible to be right as yo' was. It wasn't ober fo' weeks ago dat yo' was gwin to thump Brudder Johnston at his own gate of a Sunday eavenin' bakase he differed wid yo'"hout Noah's ark. Yo' said. it was painted red aln' he said it.was blue, an' yo' reached out fur his neck. Wharabouts did yo' find out de color of de ark 4 In what part of de Bible did yo' strike de redness of itl' Brother Pullback hung his head and scraped the floor with tlia foot, and the president raised his voice a note higher as he continued: 'Go an' sit down, Brudder Pullback I I'ze gwin to continue yo'r case fur another week or two I At de next meetin' mnebbe yo'll cumr around an' tell us dat yo' has concluded dar' was a Joner an' a whale, an' dat yo' feel a heap better to git it off yo'r mind. If yo' dean' do so den we'll know dat yo' hev decided to resign from die Limne Kiln Club an' Jine wid de Ancient Order of Digbelievers,' an' we'll bid yo' good-bye an' let yo' go I Let us now blow out de'lights an' perambulute to our homes.' 