Sir Marmaduke’s Will. • CHAPTER XI. The women servants .unit tered “Shame !” and even Miv . Sharpe looked indignant when the haunted room was fixed on for the night. .Clarice had been previously ordered away by her guardian, and had thrown herself upon her own bed, sobbing bitterly. The master of the house had his own way, however, and the prisoner was led upstairs to the haunted room. A strange apathy seemed to have seized her, an awful numbness of despair, making her move as in a dream, as though her brain were too stunned for the present to wake. and. realise her misery. - ■ _ ' The rain was fallings in. tor rents, and though the hurricane had subsided,' the wind, still moaned dismally through the long corridors. The door of the unoccupied .room creaked as it opened, and the sound sent a shudder through • the few watchers, it was so like the moau of a human voice telling of.bitter pain. Mr. Marsden entered, and having placed a lighted candle on the dressing-table, left again very suddenly. The hinges groaned as the door, closed, the rusty lock turned, and Olive found herself a prisoner in the haunted room. She had sunk upon a chair,, and leaning forward hid her hand, too occupied^with’ the misery at her heart to. take notice of her external sur roundings. It was well that she was so engrossed, for seen by the flickering light of that solitary candle it would be easy to believe that old Sir Marmaduke’s bed - chamber deserved its ghostly charac ter. It was a large, low-ceiled room, with walls and, ceiling, alike of panelled oak, among whose rich carvings, it was said, lurked many a long-for gotten secret passage 'aiid hiding-place. In the middle of the room stood a huge hearse like bed, with hangings of faded yellow damask that looked almost white in the candle light. There were two> large mirrors reflecting, the ghostly room', and as the candle flickered in the countless draughts that came through the panelling, strange shadows seemed to. dance in the dark corners ‘ like uncouth spirits waiving to each other in unholy joy over the lost woman who sat in their midst with bowed head. ■ ; Now and again the . wind rushed along the outer passage with a hollow moan, and creeping under the door with . redoubled force swayed the long curtains of the bed, as if the ghostly hand of him who had died there long .ago was shaking them. In the darkness and silence of that awful night that room was a horror great enough to’ send many women mad ; and. nervous and highly sensitive as Olive was, she wmi'd have been keenly alive to its terrors had she been less entirely en grossed with her other trouble. As it was she scarcely seemed to realize where she was ; she only knew that she was in a prison—a prison from which she must escape. \- Must! But how ? Surely some way was open, even if it were so desperate that she. might die in tlie attempt. .She would face death willingly to gain a few hours freedom. Death would have no terrors for her now that she had lost all that makes life worth liv ing. She sprang to her feet and pushed the long hair back from her face, looking round her, wildly at first; but her thoughts gained strength and coherence after the first, few minutes. Where was she ?—at Danes dyke, surely.: Yet she had never seen this room before, It must-have been,that which was always kept locked—--that., where old MarmadukeJDaues ford had died—that where he had hidden the. lost will; and: where his ghost wandered • nightly on the never ending search.-; ■; K; j:J ; - [;L •„ For one moment' supersti tious terror seized her, and she glanced quickly roundthe room, half expecting the danc- i ing shadows io take shape and ; stand before- her as; the .white-. ; haired old'man, clad in- ithp . dark gown ishe had so.; often : heard described. ”: ] Directty afterwards she con- I quered that terror by:‘ remem- i bering her other ' causes ' of : alarm," and then the- > very horror of the placeyvhere she" 1 found herself gave-K birth tb^ a ; new hope! They said in the ■: walls of this room were many i secret places hidden, and a pas- ' sage leading underground tothe vaults below the church’;' •r An : opening had' been, shbvvn her i long ago by Clifford, that was '< said to be- the mouth of this i tunnel, but no one had cared to penetrate its -windings, for: many years, and none knew i if the tradition were true that i said it led directly to Sir Marmaduke’s room. Heaven 1 alone knew in'what state that. ( passage might be if it really < existed ; its roof might have - fallen, and in its darkness 1 secrets of untold horrors might j lie hid.' ' ' She, thought of all this, but i in her. desperate courage she ■ did not shrink, and had the ] wall opened before her to re- j veal the hidden stair she would i boldly have entered it, regard 1 less of what might lie beyond - i Slowly, with cautious step, she crept round the room, scattering the shadows as she ■ went, till" ihey seemed to "fly before her, only to gather a- . fresh and gibe at. her when she paused. .... v Her fingers' wandered over each. carving in the wainscot and holding her candle; close; to them she looked into the grotesque faces deering at lief froni the. wall, seeking always ■ the hidden spring.; Sometimes she thought; the panel-by -her side seemed loose, and pushed it with her shoulder; aud tried > to raise or lower it,,but always without success. - The search ended'at last, and weary and dispirited she leaned against the window, while the candle guttered ■ lower and .lower; in the stronger draught, and the weird shadows seemed to execute a mad dance to know that she was- baffled, and the secret they had kept so long remained a secret still. , , T hen a; freshid ea; camp.; to her, and having put the candle by the shelter of the bed, where the draught would not be so likely to extinguish it, she opened the window and looked out. \ - ' - ; ' - : The fierce ramdi'Qpsclashiiig 'iii' her face almost blinded,her for ;a moment, bu^lashingmer hand across: hereyes' bshe cl eared, her sight ,again:;The' window , was a, considerable distan ce from the ground which here fell suddenly away,; so, that the wall of.the house.rose' directly above a ravine some thirty or forty feet in depth-r a wild, picturesque : place, where ferns grew luxuriantly among scattered boulders of rugged rock.. -. - - ' The ivy grew thick and old round the window,; but who could say if its hold upon-the wall was secure? Besides, to a woman, unused to • such athletic feats, it was at best, a desperate venture to trust' her-' self to cling to those twisted boughs. She wrs already weakened by exhaustion, . and if her hold should loosen, noth ing could save her from crash ing headlong among those cruel stones in the ravine be neath. : . ' : “ Better so,” she thought, though she' could not express a shudder ;; ‘‘/anything? -,is better than remaining here”’ - Very carefully, 'she.1'raised' herself on t he window-seat, and then i Imvered herself back wards till ber fopygun^a.rest i.»g_plage oLn the trunk of the ivy ; then the awful descent - began. -'V ' / o 0 God, all hope was gone,, for her.weight tore the ivy from? its hold,- and the whole -sheet' that covered the wall gave way in a mighty crash. Instinc tively she clung to the hough even while fall irtg, and St-Kat alone saved hei\ >' The,tanglgcl mass in some way broke .her^ fal,l;-and as it ,did not tear away ? from-the-roots' it saved her’ froirTfalling into the ravine. ' She was only conscious of ,tlie crash, the awful sense .of fail ing through space, clinging the while, to the yielding?’ boughs, ; then the sudden' .shock ancL. she-fou h cbherse)f-Iy ingv oh the rain-sodden ground, bruised and- shaken, but not seriously ' hurt. After a few moments; partial unconsciousness—rfor’shel was -• stunned by the'fal 1—'she strug gled to her feet, but as she rose-her hand came in.contact . with some object lying on the ground beside'her, and she had the curiosity to wonder what it was. It proved a small iron cash ' box, rusted and discoloured by exposure to tiie weather, but securely locked aud sealed with a large red seal. . She - had no desire to find oiitwhat ...' it contaied, and laying it again' where she had found it, beneath the fallen ivy boughs, she wrapt her shawl tightly round her, and summoning all: her failing energies disappeared in .. . the darkness. -- - 'That box had long lain hid; den in a hole in the wall just beneath old Sir Marmaduke’s window; and as the room; had bebn disused, the ivy haldbeen *. allowed to-grow as .it wpuld/^r •around thferej holding on ,tp.its /?. hidden box as it held to the walls around.. Then when the ;" ; ;iyy was torn" away from the. .; -1 surrounding stones, itiiaturally1 " dragged the box with it to the light of day. It would be a ' , prize indeed for those who dis- ’ ? covered., the hidden treasure, aud learned what dead man’s r .hand had placed it in' its. hid jng place. . ^ ...; Meanwhile Olive sped ^through the! rain and bfirknesss to her own cottage where both .--, j the windows, were .brightly ..." lighted showing like, a beacon; in the night.' People seldom ' ’ fastened their front doors very - \ secure at . Dauesford, for . burglars were unkiiowfi— at least among the poorer.houses -Mmtoflate Olive had . taken to carefully locking the door whenever she went on a most . Trivial, errand, and now her trembling fingers found some difficulty in turning the key '., she ■ had taken -from his;1’ pocket. ' To be continued.’ 