THE LATE REV. JAMES MEGAW. The Mount William correspondent of the "Ararat Advertiser," writing under date 24th July, 1895, states that:— "Last Sunday the tablet erected in Mount William Church, in memory of the late Rev. James Megaw, was unveiled by his successor, the Rev. James Mathie. When the subject of erecting a tablet to perpetuate the memory of the late minister was first mentioned among the people it was heartily welcomed, and the movement has been carried out in a most satis- factory manner. Most willingly the people contributed, and to the great appreciation of all the unveiling cere- mony took place during the service last Sabbath Day. Owing to the stormy day the congregation was not so large as usual, but all present felt much impressed as Mr. Mathie referred to the labors and life of their late pastor, Mr. Megaw. At the con- clusion of his discourse, which dwelt upon Christ as the root and foundation of all true and happy life, he made touching reference to the life of Mr. Megaw, which he said revealed the Christly foundation on which it was built. He pleaded with his hearers to follow thus in his footsteps, and ex- pressed the hope that the words they had heard from the lips of their de- parted minister would live in their memories and be a source of great and lasting blessing to all. The tablet is of polished marble, supplied by Messrs. Chambers and Clutten, of Melbourne, and bears the following inscription: "Sacred to the memory of the Rev. James Megaw, our late revered pastor; who labored faithfully in this parish for 32 years; died 14th March, 1895." It will be regretfully remembered that the deceased rev. gentleman ended his meritorious and Christianlike life, after a very brief illness, in Healesville, on 14th March last, to the charge of which pastorate he had only a few months before been appointed. The "Australian Weekly" reports that on Wednesday, 17th July last, a tablet was also unveiled in the Ararat Presbyterian Church, in memory of the late minister, the Rev. J. Megaw. There was a large congregation pre- sent. The Rev. E. C. Tennant, Moderator of the Wimmera Presbytery, after devotional exercises, performed the ceremony on behalf of the ladies who had interested themselves in the matter and the friends who has sub- scribed. Short addresses were given by the Rev. J. J. Spalding on Mr. Megaw as preacher and pastor, by the Rev. S. McGeorge (C. of E.) on his merits as a public man and a townsman, and by the Rev. E. C. Tennant on his qualities as a friend and co prestor. The tablet, which is a very handsome one, was wrought and erected by Mr. C. Nash, of Geelong, and is worded: "In loving remembrance of the Rev. James Megaw, the Minister of this church for 32 years. Inducted June, 1896 resigned July, 1892. Died 14th March, 1895, aged 62 years. A true friend, a devoted minister. A good man, full of the Holy Ghost and of faith." 