The CRUISE ISLAND GHOST By Alick Flax. Crushing after all would not be finished at Nindolah plantation before Christmas. In fact, that day was not even to be a holiday. For it was now but two days off, and the previous evening: a lire had gone through ten acres of the choicest cane left. Such a sight to an unconcerned on looker Is Interesting enough. Even an innocent trash lire whose tongues of flame skip merrily over the fields, crim soning the star-spangled canopy with brilliant reflections, against which rise anon billowing clouds of smoke, and float AllUons of particles of black. Is grand.. ~*But on this 'occasion, when over a hundred Kanakas ex other plantation labour had danced la the foreground, with giant distorted effort, endeavouring to beat back the fierce high-mounting flames. Pandemonium was realised with out great effort of iiqagination. )lr. Oxenham was out of till this. As owner, with blackened face,, scorched hands, thoughts directed pocketwlse, and foremost In averting further destruction, he saw ahead a hard push to get the burned, cane through the roller* before it should turn sour. Thus Christmas at Nindolah was to be a day of work, harder, in fact, than usual. f In the eyes of Doris Oxenham, who from the veranda gated over the mill yard and the burned field with its back ground of rich tropical jungle, away Into distance, or nowhere In particular, the disaster was only a trifle. In keeping with other gloomy complications which already had made a farce of Christmas associations. To this girl of twenty summers her own future seemed equally black and waste, nor in her trouble had she her wise and sympathetic mother with her, for six weeks before Mrs. Oxenham, who was In 111-health, had gone Bouth to seek a change. To be left alone with her Aunt Doris, her father's eldest sister, tately arrived from England, was In It self sufficiently damping, though possibly had things kept In their right groove Doris the younger's natural cheerfulness would have survived that piece of 111-tack. Almost immediately after her mother's departure, however, Doris's love affairs had gone awry. - Evident neglect on the part of Hector Merton had aroused her anger and pride; and the oft-rang •' little rift" had gradually widened, till there seemed every probability of the British-India mail steamer Taroba enter ing the chasm, and bearing away the recreant lover within two days and with out one word of explanation. With back half turned, Doris was yet partly con scious of, though not wholly listening to, her Aunt's bitter condemnations. " I shall indeed be thankful," said the elder lady, "when Christmas is over, and the Taroba has taken away Xrom Cry?taltown a. man so worthless as any of the name of Merton must be. Be grateful, girl, that he is leaving you free. In England, with it* thousands of pretty girls, such a man would never give a second thought to the Australian left behind." Unconsciously Doris pictured rising from out of the blackened cane stalks before her a bevy of young and beautiful girls, she herself standing by and bear ing to her mental vision a resemblance to one of the draggled- blanketed abo rigines waiting about- for Christmas bounties. ' ' •"" ■ " The Mertons, father and sona, are all aUke. a family " ' ■ _ "Aunt, is It not time Weltamart brought us some ti^i*' interrupted Doris, as wemrlly she threw herself on to a cane lounge, i - .- The thought of seeking sympathy from v so stem *n "ironclad" (Doris arid Hector had between them agreed on that designation) made so discordant a clash among the girl's heart chords that, feel- Ing it quite Impossible to pass Christmas alone with her aunt, she had Just now, In spite of the broken heart which she believed was hers, resolved on Imme diate flight. - She had decided on taking herself off to Pinnacle plantation, where dwelt Kathleen Lamb, her where no cane-flres had put the finishing touch to a Christmas season already sufficiently gloomy. "What were you saying about the Mertons V she continued. But without answering her aunt plunged her needles more fiercely in and out of her knitting. It was a thick worsted fabrication, the sight of which, In the existing temperature, made one feel uncomfortable, and pity Its destined W^?*totend going to the Lambs' to morrow morning early, aunt," said Doris, "to stay over Christmas. I will take the buckboard ; father won't want It, and you hate i,t. Weltamart can come with me. He Is not very strong yet, and the change will do him good." Miss Oxenham put down her work. " Tou think of walking out of your home to spend Christmas among ■tran gers! Do I hear aright, Doris?" she said. "Driving, not walking, aunt Christ mas ! Oh ! We are not going to have any this year. The ball In the sugar room is off. and there is not a single creature coming. Even father say* a snack at the bachelors' quarters Is all he can spare time for, and—and mother away too!" ••Goodness, girl, to talk of dancing In heat like this! But we can have a quiet Christmas together surely." " Tou can have it as quiet as you like, aunt. But lam going* for the simple reason that I do not want to commit suicide." And in spite of herself Doris wiped away a tear that came sweeping over a vision of last Christmas. " There Is Lackbaroo coming with the mall,' she added. Miss Oxenham looked out. " I shall go down and see to tea-making myself. The tea has been abominable the last few afternoons," she said. Miss Oxenfcasn was a tall, big woman. Many years ago some one had told her that her appearance was majestic, and ever since she had endeavoured to live up to the epithet. As she now rose In her wrath, her movement was Indeed as that of an Ironclad on top of a wave, about to lurch down destructively on all smaller craft. Yet uhmellowed to silver, her Iron-gray hair formed a fit setting to the stern face, whose Wellingtonlan profile seemed at the moment to be snort- Ing in a warlike manner, sufficient to Inspire with fear any but Doris, who only rubbed her pretty retrousse nose complacently, and tktfnked heaven that therein she did not/ take after Aunt Doris. "All this nonsense on account of a Merton !" exclaimed Miss Oxenham. "The Mertons are my father's oldest friends," replied Doris. " Tes, and I, too, have known them long ago. I should die before exposing my feelings to such a, man," and .she swept away. Marvelling at the acidity of her aunt's tone, Doris mm aimed platattvety, " He?- tor does not seem likely to know much about mine." : " Weltamart, you take him the tea alonga up veranda," commanded Miss Oxenham, who had not as yet attained proficiency in pigeon English ; but to its brewing Bhe paid no attention, as step ping through the doorway, she waited to obtain possession of the saddle-pouch in which the mail was carried. " 'Nother fellow letter stop," said Lack baroo, taking one from the bosom of his shirt. " Postmaster been give this fel low. He say me give this fellow alonga Miss Oxenham." " And I am Miss Oxenham," muttered that lady, as turning indoors Bhe pocketed the letter. "Two days more, and all this trouble will be at an end," she thought. On a wide veranda, furnished abun dantly with chairs and tables, and well bestrewn with literature and other com forts, tea was being served. Nindolah House was, as usual in the district, built on high piles, in order to some altitude over the surrounding flat coun try. The ample spase beneath it was utilised for kitchen and other domestic offices. Round about the rough timber supports clung dense foliage, which, climbing to the veranda posts tfbbve, and on to the iron rooflng, gave a bower-like aspect to the otherwise crude structure. Weltamart, in the act of setting the tea table alongside ' the lounge on which Doris reclined, watched with interest the contents of the saddle-pouch being turned out, whilst Doris, past hope, care lessly took up a local paper. " No fellow letter stop longa Mr. Mer ton ? Me plenty know write longa him. My word, nice big fellow write. What, for he no more write longa Miss Doris ? Why he no corner—" A quick glance from Doris checked his speculations, and fumbling furtively, among the teacups, he knew, poor boy, that he had said something amiss. Hav ing been ill and away at the hospital for/ some weeks past, on his return he had as yet been unable to piece together any theory with regard to the disjointed state of domestic affairs at Nindolah. The sock was completed. Miss Oxen ham stamped the pair together on top of a heap of tracts. Then, rising, she said, "I am going forth among the heathen Kanaka to minister to their spiritual well-being. Lackbaroo reads very well; he shall help me to distribute this blecscd seed"—referring to the tracts—" among those yet in darkness." And she prepared to depart. "I have sent them currants and raisins," *ald Doris. "They will have grand feasting, all day and half the night. Fowls, pigs, cakes, fruit, ginger beer, and sometimes something stronger." i. Miss Oxenham, looking shocked, hugged her tracts closer as she hastened away. Doris meditatively sipped a second cup of tea, and started when Weltamart, with soft tread, returning to her side, said, " Miss Doris, aunt belonga you no been give 'lm letter longa you belonga Mr. Merton ?" " No," replied Doris, in surprise. " Lackbaroo say he give It alonga her. Postmaster ray It come too late alonga Kowai mall. Lackbaroo plenty read. He say It alonga Mr. Merton. That fel low aunt put him alonga pocket, he hear her say, ' Me Miss Oxenham.' " " Yes ; of course, she is Miss Oxen ham, and you, Weltamart, 1 am afraid are becoming as great a gossip an old Tcmmy." "Old Tommy" was a well known character. "He too much talk. By-by you too much talk. He talk alonga friend all same this," and Doris sipped her tea, and between times nodded to her companion, moving her lips quickly, and again raised her cup in the fashion of old women gossips. Weltamart at the ludicrous imitation tittered, giggled, and finally splitting Ills sides with laughter, banged his head in among the vines, looking at Doris from the corners of his eyes. He looked so funny that Doris, too, laughed and felt better. " Aunt belonga me no gossip. She no take letter belonga me. Father belongs her light plenty look out longa Et-gland," explained Doris, meaning to convey the idea that, as a soldier's daughter, her aunt was far above com mitting any act of meanness, and Weltamart was silenced. All the old Crystaltown plantations were formed on the flat country, having^ been taken up when the alluvial plains alone were in request for cane culture. Later, however, hills and ridges had been found to be equally productive, and Pinnacle plantation, twelve miles from the town, whither Doris Oxejiham- bad gone, for the Christmas season, was composed wholly of ridgy country. Intersected by belts of rich scrub. Omtisbb Island. The mill, situated in a hollow, with its many offices and outbuildings resembled a small township. Occasional small puffs of smoke ascending from various parts indicated that within clearing up was not yet completed. Otherwise the great factory was hushed and still, till another crushing should again set its rollers going. Up at the house there were great Christmas doings going on. A large number of guests Vere expected, and on Boxing Night the big sugar-room down at the mill was to be converted by means of palm and fern decorations into a ball room, and guests from all parts of the district were bidden to the entertain ment. In Kathleen Lamb's company Doris was already feeling lighter-hearted. With so much on her hands Mrs. Lamb would have been glad of the assistance of the two girls. But there was Mrs. Arch to be thought of. Mrs. Arch, a visitor, was the widow of a late partner in Pinnacle plantation, and was a woman who made her mission in life strictly ornamental. She was quite satisfied that she fulfilled it to per fection, and no one, however hard pushed, ever expected anything more of her. Mr. Cope, a middle- aged bachelor, whose plantation was in the vicinity of the Pinnacle, was following the time honoured custom of passing Christmas there, and was supposed to be rather Impressed by Mrs. Arch's attractions. They were all seated on the veranda, . By plantation time it was jusf 3 o'clock, which everyone knows means half-an hour earlier. The heat was Intense. An occasional mosquito kept off dire drowsiness, which in spite of pleasant company waft in lurking. When per mitted by beaumontia, granadilla, venusta, and other vines shrouding the veranda glimpses were caught of a cul tured garden beyond, rich with brilliant colouring, while over the plain below spread the grsty of intervening bush, till the glitter and glare of ocean caused the eye to revert iQ the cool greenness of the vines, the. pretty tea service; and the pleasant faces around. " Do not let me go home without hav ing seen an alligator," cried Mrs. Arch, as she toyed wfth her palm-leaf fan. "Now, I'll tell you what we will do. lirs. Arch," enthusiastically exclaimed Mr. Cope. " You shall shoot one your self. Tes, you shall. I am not Joking. This very day, too. Tou shall yourself pull the trigger. What do you all say?" he added, looking round. "There la plenty of time to drive down to Saurian Creek ; we caq leave the horses on this side of the fence, and take Masterton's boat up stream.'" •• Wants an earlier start," objected Kathleen. ? .V; " Too hot," ft*tj§ Doris. "Let Mrs. dfcjfch decide. If she can stand the he«/j( we-tropical productions ought not to HftiX! it," said Mr. Cope. "I think ltfiii;,a very good Idea In deed," remarSea.Mrs. I.amb, who was anxious to get back to her preparations. " There Is a moon. Girls, you can both go. If you are late returning there Is always pot-luck to be had In the way of dirtner." "I will remain, mother," cried Kath leen ; " there are .plenty without me." "Go, dear," and take care of Doris, whispered her mother. "I shall do very well alone." " Weltamart can come too," said Doris. Shortly afterwards they were hob bling] their horses outside a five-rail fence, the nearest approach to Saurian Creek. "I'll pilot," cried Jack Lamb, a youth home for the holidays, as he jumped lightly over the fence. " Just follow me, that Is all you have to do." And he went over the "devil-devil." which, like earthen pegs, rose from out the boggy plain, never pausing till he stood among the mangroves by the creek side. Then, with a scared face, he cried, "There's no boat. What the dickens has become of it ?" "He no stop. No fellow boat stop," corroborated Weltamart, as, brushing among the mangroves and rushes, he reappeared from searching along the bank. " By jove, thjs is too much of a joke !" exclaimed Mr. > Cope, who, followed by the ladies, had just arrived. "Jack, have you no Idea what has become of it ?" " Masterton and I left it there early this morning," replied the lad, pointing in amongf t the shade. " Mother asked us to bring home the ducks early, and we had seventeen bagged by 6 o'clock." " Could Masterton have gone out in it again ?" " No," imphatlcally cried Jack, " didn't you see him down by the stockyard just now ? He did not want It again before to-morrow." " Some fellow boy take him," said Weltamart, inspecting tracks on the ?.'.f* mud. " Some fellow boy go out alonga have nice Klsmas longa water. Me think he take him boat altogether. You see him mark ?' and he pointed to a wide-spread footprint, in whio* the flrst toe-was divided from th' others by a great " Me think tha boy belonga Malayta been take *•" My word, he bad boy altogether." "Well, I suppose it cannot be help*7. There is no use attempting anythlu. without the boat," said Mr. Cope, as he glanced at Mrs. Arch's dainty ap parel. "If we could have pulled about half-a-mlle up, where there is a nice, firm bank, we should have been certain of finding one alligator, if not more. Can't tell you how disappointed I am ! The ring In his voice was genuine. "Oh ! I am quite sure of that," re plied Mrs. Arch. "Well, better luck next time. Life is strewn with dead gazelles." " You will promise to come again, then? I will make sure of the boat first, though. I'll tell you what! We shan't have our walk for nothing. Mrs. Arch. Miss Oxenham, Kathleen—do you all feel lit for the walk ? Cruiser Islands can be reached easily from here, though on ac count of the difficulty of passing.Sole Fish Creek no one tries It But It Is dead low water now. Nice hard I"—** Are you all on for it ?" " Exactly the thing !" cried Jack. " Every time we have attempted taking Mrs. Arch there something has prevented us," said Kathleen. " It is a shame you have not yet been taken on Cruiser Islands. If I had been at home I would have managed it," cried Jack, who was already a good deal in love with Mrs. Arch. " For all the world as if the Romans had been out this way. Wonderful causeways—natu ral, you know, Mrs. Arch—as neatly put together as if done by hands. Then, too, there is an archway nearly connect ing the islands." "Oh ! it is lovely. When lam in trouble I always wish ?.* be away in one of the caves," said Doris. " Sorrow or sin may not enter there," said Kathleen, laughing. " Nor dust ; even the Pinnacle is heaven in that respect after the dusty plains of Crystaltown," said Doris. " Well, at our present pace we shall be there before Mrs. Arch has had time to imagine all the wonderful sights await ing her," called Mr. Cope from the rear, finding the rapid pace of the others un sulted to his maturer years. Suddenly, after passing a projecting cliff, they came upon the islands. They were easily reached by a wonderful natu ral causeway, composed of red stones, neatly heaped together and cemented over by small pebbles, shells, and gravel. It was sufficiently wide to allow of two coache? passing each other. The island beyond wa? similarly connected, but by a smaller causeway, over which were thrown, as if in some mighty volcanic disturbance, huge boulders, that had fallen so as to form a nearly perfect arch, from which the keystone alone was miss ing, thus leaving an almost Impassable chasm. " Charming !" exclaimed Mrs. Arch, pausing midway to inhale the fresh sea breeze. i "I knew you would be pleased," said Mr. Cope, with as much satisfaction as if he had made the thing himself. "Won derful, is it not ?" " But the caves, you will like them still better," said Doris. " Still thinking of ' its caves devoid of care,' Doris," said Mrs. Arch, smiling. "Ah ! I am afraid you are in love child." " I suppose there is no time this after noon for climbing to the Eagle's Nest, but I shall do it some day. Look ! Mrtt. Arch," said Jack, pointing to a high thimble-shaped rock, whose sides were clothed with orchids, "up there. That is a fish eagle's nest. They say they have built there for years, and no one has yet succeeded in climbing up to it; but I'll do it this vacation." " T am sure you can easily. Jack." " Yes, of course. But the tide makes so quickly that I shall have to camp here overnight." Trying to be sentimental, Mr. Cope observed, " What a delightful sense of isolation one has on an island. If but the waves would surround us, and for ever cut us off from the dull routine of everyday life !" " Let us turn mermen and mermaids, and never more have dinners or. take an interest in dress," said Mrs. Arch, laughing. " Ah !" sighed Mr. Cope. Red cliffs, evidently of volcanic forma tion, rose abruptly from the silver strand. In the face of these, here and there, were caves whose walls and jagged entrances presented varied and exquisite colour ing of purple, gray-green, red, and other tints, and whose floors were composed of crystal-like B and, while all around perco lated drippings of clear, sweet water In rocky basins, awaiting the thirsty ex plorer. Resting within a cave the visitors gazed over the foam-flecked Pacific, whose waves were breaking wildly over Cape Coa's distant crag*. "Me think big fellow storm quick come up," said Weltamart. " Who speaks of storms ? Have! we not agreed that here shall mention be PICNICKING. made neither of tempest nor trouble ?" cried Mrs. Arch. "Oysters, though, are. not forbidden. Can I open you borne, Mrs. Arch?" asked Jack. _•.,_,. ■. •....'•': t.:- . They.Tw.ete all. very .happy, • The breeze blew freshly over the water, .and after, tbc; late .terrible, heat., loitering jon >the moist,, fretih beach waa pleasant enough .work. - ..: .. \\.. . . At ithfr extreme .point of. ths. second island rose stern, red cliffs. . " From passing.ships..th«Be.pjifffl,at tlm.e?. lppk quite a fiery red," explained Mr. Cope, ." In fact, thqy form a distinctive feature of the coast-line.' T am glad yoii have -been on; to the Islands, Mrs. Arch ; It will be something to remember—some thing when, all else is forgotten," and again he waxed sentimental. .■ Time passed. At last Weltamart, coming up from amongst the rocks, bearing a beche-de-mer, cried, "Me think water quick com* along road. Me fright it come altogether alonga other fellow." • • " Atf! * Time and tide,' would we had the ordering thereof," said Mrs. Arch. " Bother time ; it is always in the way when' a fellow's happy." cried - Jaok, slinging his boots over his shoulder. They turned, but sauntered along as leisurely as if the ordering of the ocean Indeed was theirs. " Jingo ! Hurry up !" exclaimed Jack from the top of a high rock. "We van cross here, but the other causeway is lower ; It must be covered already." They hurried. over. Then all pulled up, and looked at each other aghast. . " Good heavens ! Is there no way Out of It ?" cried Mr. Cope. " I say, Welta* .inert, do you. think you could swim across ? We shall starve here." . "Oh V Mr. Oope," said Mrs. Arch, " I would rather starve than let Weltamart run any risk.. Besides, he could not get back to us, for the causeway will soon be running oceans, and they say there was a boy drowned there last month." "No fear, me no go," sagely spoke Weltamart. "Me very good swim, but that fellow too much strong. That fellow boy no been drowned, no fear." " Why did not some one look out ? What will Mrs. Lamb think has become of us ?" said Mrs. Arch, " and we have no brushes, nor combs, nor anything !" " Alonga to-morrow sun come up it all right," cheerfully spoke Weltamart. '.' Kathleen," said Mrs. Arch, " Why did you not look out ?" " Why don't you blame Mr. Cope ?'•' rejoined. Kathleen. "It wad he who. [brought us .here ; or Doris, let us put It all on her. I don't think she would mind." . Doris, alt by herself, was sauntering slowly across. She turned pale when -toM their position. Wandering alone by the seashore her mind had again reverted to the complication of events that had so disastrously affected her happiness, and looking over the unsympathetic ocean, she knew that before andther twenty- four hours the Taroba would be plunging over it, bound northward past those very cliffs. Yet she felt her self bound as by grating, rusty chains, her pride bidding her hold herself aloof from seeking an explanation with her lover, although at the same time. she seemed, to herself, condemned to a heart broken future. Kathleen's voice, crying, "Doris, It Is all your fault! We shall not be able to cross the other causeway to-night," now sounded to her the death-knell to hope. Until now she had hoped ; now, however, she knew that when they stood again on the mainland the Taroba would already have departed. Six weeks ago she and Hector Merton were all in all to each other ; to-day, without apparent reason, they were, separated, and to-morrow— ah •; Now; it was too late to hope* " Shall we not get back to-night V she cried, In a tragic voice. " No, not before 4 o'clock to-morrow morning." Kathleen replied. "Doris," she continued, " Hector Merton was to have gone with some others on a fishing excursion early this morning. He had all his affairs at Kowal settled, and did not mean to return to town, but make Haddon Island his headquarters till the Taroba picked him up. So there was no possible chance of 'you meeting again. Poor Doris ! but never mind, it will all come right some day ;" then, turning, she -called to Mr. Cope, " Do you think any one will think of us being safely camped on Cruiser Island 7" " No," he replied. " The buggies and horses will, of course, be found as we left them. But the boat having disap peared, and there being no trace of us whatever, they are bound to surmise the worst They will think-fif the alligators haunting the creek, banks, of -the sharks that swarm in its waters ; but of Cruiser Island, never." ( "And as we are hidden by Aborigine Mountain, there Is no use in us attempt ■ Jng to signal, even If we had any spare .garments to hang out," said Jack, looking; .down, dejectedly at his scant provincial .costume, consisting of'shirt aad trousers . only. . A sad little group, on the shore they jitood, gazing mournfully landwards. .There the sinking sun, hazed by innume rable trash flres, hung like a large -fiery ;ball above the horlson, while around it loomed towering storm clouds. Un flinchingly they might gaze on it. Bereft of the power to dassle, it seemed no longer the king of day, but a. strange visitant from the nether world, for whose annihilation the storm-tossed ocean was rapidly making preparation. " Is there any chance of the boat being returned ?" asked Kathleen, "so that they might know we had not gone out in it ?" "Not the least. Whoever took it will leave It where it suits them. No fear of them condemning themselves by returning it," said Mr. Cope. "Well, if it can't be helped, let us make the best of it They will think all the more of us when they get us back," suggested Mrs. Arch, who already saw a silver lining: to theirs difficulties. v r.-->... If on a lonely island the waxy ArcWr bald Cope could not be capture^, 'where then ? . -•.. . Thereupon they all resplvgd.. cheerfully to await the opportunity. Qf re.tujsnjng. to the mainland. They, In /apt, X.&: solved to treat the accident as rather a joke. All but Doris, who. ollmped- ,(he cliff, and from the- highest .point tnen T tally bade the storm defiance, eg heavy was h.er. burden pt care... * -. ;; „ . Jack and Kathleen, asslatfd; by ,We]r tamar.t, provided for., creature comforts by collecting a gcod supply- of; oysters, •Mr. Cope and Mrs. Arch, as. ygt. in_ high jgred humour with, the adventure, ro manced along the shore.. „•■•",-'<■■' Presently, in shelter of* a'.Vcave, the party gathered, and wh}let/4he storm raged, by means of all" available pen knives, supplemented by hairpins, ex tracted the juicy morsels from, out of their gritty shells. They agreed that there was nothing wanting to complete Elysium. The huge storm-clouds, heaped up .be hind Crystaltown, crimsoned by reflee ticns from trash fires raging, on Vuloan Plantation, which lay back among the hills, made it appear by the united blaze as if the whole district was about to be consumed in one vast conflagra tion, till vivid streaks of lightning, play ing over the scene, made visible the gray green sky, the outline of mountain, mill, fend chimneys, and the; general features of the country. On the mainland great must have been the downpour of rain,.\ for as they watched the flres became ex— tlcct, and soon the moon, breaking through the clouds, - shone clearly over sea and land. Conversation became general. Even Weltamart occasionally contributes an original remark. - There was some mirth and laughter, which gradually ' sobered to chat with regard tc Crystal town society's doings. But as time elided on, Mr. Cope, stand ing out in rather i bold relief. • con sidering, their late resolves, waxed caustic, and began flinging about sarcas tic cuts touching this and that leader in the world of fashion over on the main land, and fished up cruel anecdotes re garding their antecedents. Before fc* o'clock, to the experienced Mrs. Arch it was quite evident that life on Cruiser Island was telling on him, and that, man being partly a creation of custom, the loss of divers creature comforts might, after all, destroy the advantages of the situation. Suddenly Jack felt- his arm clutched. " Jack," jiaid Mrs. Arch, in a> pathetic whisper ; M Jack, would you mind going Dor. my little handbag ? It lies with the sunshades, back in the cave." • Jack, brought the bag. and. opening it she said sadly, us aha fingered ? dainty little parcel,— • . * "Ah ! if one could but smoke 1 This Is a- little present I had ready for To mata, the Kanaka, who is always so attentive to me. I wanted to be sure of his having it in good time for Christmas, but I could not see him about when the buggies came round, so here it is," and in the moonlight a silver-mounted pipe shone brightly, whilst two neat little cakes of tobacco sniffed with the air of•"* connoisseur by Mrs. Arch's handsome nose. "Do you know, Mr. Cope, I believe you smoke," she con tinued. • In strong emotional moments speech becomes condensed to the greatest pos sible brevity. Mr. Cope's "Rather," con veyed whole volumes of appreciation, and had Mrs. Arch at that supreme moment had the use of that gentleman's vision, she would have seen herself as a silver winged angel holding open the gates of Elysium. In possession of the pipe, and cutting . down some tobacco, he became more pro fuse of words. ~ "If only In compliment to you. Mrs. Arch," he said, " I'll take a whiff or two. I left my pipe tn the pocket of mr coat, down in the buggy." \- "Me got him piper, but me not got him any 'backer." said Weltamart, producing a stumpy black article. "My word, that nice fellow woman that Mrs. Arch," he continued, as with It he indicated that lady, already leading the two girls in the direction of the cliffs, with Jack ahead brushing aside the hanging pandanus leaves, and looking out for snakes, of which Mrs. Arch said she was so frightened that she would have to sit up all night. So Mr. Cope and Weltamart, under the Influence of that one touch of Nature which makes the whole world kin, In order to economise the matches lit from each other's pipe, and shared the tobacco between them. ■.; Presently trom above came th*C echo of merry .voices,, which before Jong in duced Weltamart to empty the ashes from his pipe, and having hung that article through the hole in his ear, he riald, " Me go look out Mrs/ Arch, she •plenty fright longa snake.' 1 So Mr. Cope', left' all alone, conscious of having shown himself rather a brute, •smoked on to live it down. Mrs. Arch was excellent company, and well supplied with ghost stories befitting the season, which the others supple mented with their best, variation being given, by Weltamart, who narrated blood curdling tales, tola-' with such natural dramatic force that the ladles shudder ingly looked towards a dark scrub handy for the armed and painted warriors to : emerge from, and peeped down at- the 1 fire ready for roasting, their remains, ■ finding comfort, however, In seeing there, 1 plainly outlined by its light, the figure 1 of Mr. Cope, still smoking the silver mounted pipe. ' Waxing confidential as. he found his ■ stories appreciated, the boy at last con > flded the information that Johnny, the Kanaka supposed to have been drowned ■ about a month ago while crossing to • Cruiser Island, had in. fact been mur dered by two Malayta head-hunters, who for a long past offence had owed him a \ bitter grudge. Appreciating the shock : he. was administering to the company, i he proceeded with his narrative to the ? ghastly end. Pointing to the dark scrub rising over perpendicular cliffs, he stated that the ilalayta boys had there burned whut Was left of the victim's body, after hav ing first'banqueted on some of the flesh. Weltamart, stated, moreover, that the murderers were still concealed on the island in apprehension of ;the pollcephearf .'ing the true version of the ' fate or ■Johnny, and that they knew of secret caves, supposed to be near where they had burnt the body. L.a?t of all he as flured them that, a ghost "all the same altogether White*, fellow Mrs. Arch been, tell about, plenty' walk about ionga where Johnny been burn." This" ghost had not appeared.* to him personally, he Informed (be company, but he assured them that some boys who had been out in a boat fishing off Cruiser Island had seen it—in fact, the same boys who had told him about-the murder. Though by some strange decree ghosts are permitted to disport themselves, at will in Christmas tales, none pt Weltn mart's hearers seemed to relish the idea that one of them was in such close proximity, nor yet that. Cruiser Island was at the present minute inhabited by these dreadful Malayta boys. Weltamart .assured them, however, that there was no danger, and explained how their mur derous instincts were aroused by the sight of the lonely and unprotected only. But the zenith of "Creepy Point" being reached, Mrs. Arch quickly diverted the company by contributing a song, very merry and bright. - This was supple mented by Jack, late from a school breaking-up. ' Doris alone was silent. Almost un heedingly she "had listened to the sensa tional ghost Ptories, but quickly weary- Ing of this light-hearted mirth, and feel ing that any attempt at appearing cheer ful would* be most irksome', she rose and, 'unpercelved, glided away by herself, wandering on, without thought of dis tance, till checked in her progress by the increasing roughness of her path. Seating herself, her eyes following, the sinking moon, now rapidly clothing the island in uncertain lights and shades, and playing in tremulous farewell on the restless ocean, she soon drifted back to Penelope's web, that all- absorbing occupation. The physical discomforts of the situa tion* troubled her little, for the softest of couches would not have wooed her to slumber; nor the daintiest of meals been appreciated. She desired to be alone, and where she now found herself not a sound was heard but the moaning of the wind in the scrub close by. Time passed unheeded, and the shadows grew longer. • - - . , ' Presently she became conscious of some strange element tn her surround \- ings. There was a rustling as of long grass being swept lightly through. By it her attention was-drawn in *"direc tion opposite the sinking moon. Bhe was but human, .and in that same second all thought of her absorbing love troubles was dissipated into nothingness by a new and^ terrible emotion, and she there sat a poor little awe-stricken Doris, cold, and with her heart still, as with olasped. hands and staring eyes she Grazed on an apparition; gliding cau tiously, as it were,'from the foot of the gray cliflt in the direction of the beach. Unable to move,: she could but watch the terrifying visitant, which, when a certain point was reached whence a view of the beach up and down could be obtained, seemed to pause and carefully reconnoitre. Weltamart's ghastly tales were suddenly recalled by the trembling girl. With fresh agony she now knew that all unconsciously she must have passed the very "spot indicated as the scene of that cruel murder and cannibal feast, and the place whence the shadowy object had just emerged must be in the vicinity of the secret cave, while to reach her friends she must trVvtrse thli terrible hollow lying between; { ' The supernatural was appealing most strongly to her senses. She thought of the murdered boy. This then must be the ghost said to walk about. Not for a moment did she associate, the apparition with the murderous Malay tas, who were supposed to be dwelling in caves in the cliffs. It was fleecy, resembling a cloud, yet seeming to shroud the form of a man. Could it indeed be Johnny's ghost ? Did ghosts really exist? Were they to be seen by mortal eye ? It seemed so to poor Doris, and she shuddered at the thought. Again gliding back towards the gray cliff, it there paused as if considering. Though the greatest boon—the solv ing of her love troubles—had been Doris's reward, she could not in those terrible moments have moved hand or foot, or withdrawn her terror-stricken eyes. First of a)l it seemed to search the face of the rock; the next minute it was again gliding back in the direction of the beach. But this time, it seemed bent on pur suing 'its investigations further. • Ap proaching the pinnacle-shaped rock on which was built the eagle's nest desired by Jack, it climbed som* feet upwards, its misty shroud seeming to sway around the dark outline. Next minute it was quickly descending and retracing its way immediately below where Doris was stationed, disappearing again sud denly into the very face of the cliff. There is a courage born of fear and desperation^ It was this that now came to Doris's rescue, urging the poor, quak ing little mortal to make, a move. ■ Fully conscious that the very track ol this apparition must be crossed, the spol whence it had disappeared passed—the scene, too, of the poor Kanaka's terrible death—before she could regain hei friends, she yet stood ready'to make the venture. On the verge of her wild rush througt this very valley of the shadow of death, ahe felt the effort numbed within her, foi again and for the third time the white shrouded figure emerged'from its mys terious home. But the last appearanc< was for a minute only, when, as if startled • by a crash the poor girl had herself in advertently made amongst the deal branches in her shaded retreat, the figure disappeared. This time Dorjs^did not pause, but wildly -B?hed'. dowtr, - ever rough boulders, past tfc&4frogt- haunted scene of poor. o?ohnj^?-<aeath, out iijtd the open, past clumps .of moaning, steagfl^iug lea&d; psgidanus. -Oji, still phj the girl never.-paused till, she ; f ell faint.* and : voiceless a,t, the,feet of the astonished Mrs. Arch;. . .. '. :.: : • ;...•.■; j Mr. Cope: had: long .ago . joined the merry- makers,-.doing his best-to, atone for .past shortcomings. At the verymo- •"•'■ ment Doris ."had tumbled in amoxrgift them her prolonged absence was being commented upon, Mrs. Arch suggesting that She should not be recalled till it was :7 ( time for them to go below, where their-' purposed- making some kind of a ewrip for the night. They all gathered round the insensible form of the girl, but some time passed :' \---before she had regained sufficient strength to narrate her terrible expe rience to her amazed audience. Her whole appearance told how trying must have been the ordaal passed through. Feeling strength in numbers, a. general desire Strain expressed to visit the-. haunted spot, but this could not be done •' without Doris, as they dared not divide the party. Gradually, however, the girl overcame her repugnance to be led back to the uncanny spot, where, after an hour's ■weary watching without sign or susS \ plcion of anything appearing, they atl? began to weary, and some to credit the whole tale to an imagination over-ex, cited by the day's events. At last, completely worn out, they re tired to rest under an overhanging rock, after having, been assured by. Jack that even if Mr. Cope and Weltairart* slept he would be found wide awake and ready for any emergency. ••* * * . They were, awakened early next morn- Ing by Weltamart crying out, " My word, .no good. Everyone too much sleep. Water been go away ; come back. No ki-ki long nother day finish." On the beach was Mr. Cope, positively raging. " Here we are !" he exclaimed, "in foe. . another day's starvation !" '■ n "It is only now light, and what with Doris's ghost and mosquitoes* I don't '•? believe any of us have had more than an hour's sleep," said Jack. " And what will Mrs. Arch do ?" he continued. " She will die of starvation." - . " She will have the same chance ail '. the rest of us ; besides, Jttck, I under stood you .purposed remaining awake,!' remarked Kathleen. " No, 1 shan't starve, Jack," said • Mrs. Arch, " none of us will. We 'shall catch ftsh and eat oysters, an"4- -keep up our strength to get home for ' a grand dinner to-night. Everything will be left over ; they will all be too sorry to eat," said Mrs. Arch,., who, having had a wash in One of thjsr^ 'basins of fresh water within- the cave,./ looked fresh and bright. .. . „.. "We should have been up by Z- at .the latest, and it is now nearly 6 o'cloeji. '.Never mind, we will follow Mrs. Arclfe * ; example and again make the best; of ifcj' said Mr. Cope, the sight of that ladjrfl bright face reminding him painfulfjr of his second lapse of temper. It was a sad plight, of that there was no manner of doubt. No one thought of wishing another the compliments of the.season. If they had, the grim humour of it would have with held them. They all looked more or less wretched as they began to settle down to it. " Where is Weltamart ? Let him get us some oysters as a sort of plck-m¥fup v to begin the day on," said. Mrs. Arch.. \ y r "Pick me up, if you like, but whllj& 'strength remalneth 'with me I am going . to lay myself out decently. Mr. Cope, before I go hence, may I pass you the sugar ; is your tea right, or would you like a little more cream in It ?" And Kathleen, pillowing her head on a rook, closed her eyes, as if her duties were • finished. '■'■■ Conversation flagged. Suddenly, like a bomb- shell charged with Christmas blessings exploding in their midst, came the voice of Weltamart. "Me got him ki-kl !" he called. "Plenty ki-ki !" And bounding from rock V* rock, he alighted in their midst, holding aloft in one hand a tin of condensed milk and coffee, and beneath his arm a biscuit canister, whilst from- sundry fingers hung a blllycan and two or three pint pots. " Coffee ! Coffee !" he cried. " Coffee ! Coffee !" echoed a chorus of voices. . ■ -.\ "My word, coffee very good suppose you long time no been have Him kfc-ki. Very good ; 'we quick make him fire," and already the smart South Sea Islander was gathering together debris. Soon they were all eating biscuits, and sipping coffee from pannikin or shell. " Oh ! mighty Caesar, hadst thou fallen so low that a pannikin of coffee can thus quickly - raise thee to be again thyself ? Weltamart, majr we How inquiry whemah came these good things T' Mid Jack, pompously, when the'raw edge had been taken off his appetite—that question hav ing as yet remained in abeyance. " Me quick jump up alonga morning. .> Me not know where me stop. Me jump '■ up quick longa there." Weltamart * pointed overhead. " Then me ate too { much water stop longa road. Then me,' look long other fellow Island. Me think. me see one fellow boat stop, .then met' tell him you all get up ; me 'run, runi quick ; me come along rock •■top," h«R said, alluding to the ,'archwayf "Me fright long jump. Then m# think Miss Doris, everybody, plenty! hungry. Then me jump, me run quick^' me find one fellow boat stop. My wordi he plenty smash. Me see coffee, blk-t. kits. Me take him. Me no see any body stop. Me think man belong that beat been drowned altogether. Theff me come along big fellow jump alonga. rock. Me throw him everything fltSt, time, then me jump, me" bring^nhn along jrpjfc You quick kl-ki tafan everything," concluded' Weltamart triumphantly. " Btrange ! There certainly was no t>oat there yesterday afternoon. Most providential. Wonderful how Boon one feels set up again. Though you ladies 'stood it marvellously. Weltamart, suppose you no been find him kl-ki. me think we all die quick,'! said Mr. Cope, extending courtesies lavishly. ' " 'Pon my word, y6u' all look disgust ingly comfortable. Weltamart, you and I will leave them, and go to see about the beat," said Jack, rising. . - Toying with their biscuits and coffee, they were now all pleasantly speculat ing on their deliverance at four o'clock, when' the Causeway would be out of water, in time for a good Christmas dinner, after all. • " I don't care if 1 never get away," said Mr. Cope langulshingly. "I am perfectly happy." .. ;."".: " Jack, don't you attempt crossing by the archway ; you will break your neck \t you do," cried Kathleen, as with Wel tamart he set out. ** What a Kanaka can do, I can do," replied Jack disdainfully. It was a glorious Christmas, bright and clear. After last night's storm, the sea in its light and shade looked a trans lucent blending of sapphire colouring. Away on the mainland each tree top, even on distant hills, was distinctly vis ible in the purified atmosphere. Not a ,rspeck of haze or mist obscured the mountain range, save where a fleeting cloud cast on it a patch of shade. The glory of the morning, which at first by its laughing face seemed to mock their miserable estate, now hired them to participate In its joys. Mrs. Arch and Mr. Cope set out along the shore. The latter, anxious to make up for his late ill-temper, was profuse in gallantry. •Kathleen said she would rematn at home, and " wash up the things," and In the shade of a rock appeared happy enough, dreaming day dreams with her eyes directed towards Crystaltown. Doris wandered off by heruelf in the direction of the jungle that overhung the cliffs. How utterly worn in mind and body none of her companions knew. There was, under Mrs. Arch's in fluence, a tendency to discourage reference to the ghost story, be lieving it, as she honestly did, the morbid result of a mind ill at ease ; for her experienced eye had .quickly told her that Doris's love affairs were in * tangle, and not having pre viously met the girl, she bad not formed a correct estimate of her character. Strange that Doris should return In the direction of her last night's ex perience, but therein she showed her courage, for she was determined either to live down "the terrible shock her nerves had sustained, or know If possible what had really caused It. Instinctively she seated herself In the same spot, and her thoughts once more begqn to drift Into the old channel. Just then, away to the southward a speck was visible on the horizon. Knowing that by this time the , Taroba must have left her anchorage at Haddon Island, Doris watched the speck grow. She knew It was the steamer bearing away her life's happiness, and leaving her future for ever shrouded in doubt and mystery. Hers was an active, vivid Imagination. Remembering how Hector Merton loved the ocean, how In storm or calm he •found delight on Its' waves, Doris easily pictured him in his new home on board ship. Already he had got quickly through the preliminaries of settling down his luggage in his cabin, glancing through the passenger list, and taking general stock of his future six weeks' home. Now he was back on deck, surveying the coast line, perhaps pointing out to a stranger Us various land marks, even indicating the red cliffs of Cruiser Island just be coming visible. Then she began to picture to herself the stranger, at first In the form of a man, but as the steamer from the appearance of a child's top floating on the water, with masts and smoke be came more clearly defined against the clear sky, her mental vision sharpened, —and she saw a golden-haired girl, the hair even more golden than her own, with features smaller and more finely .chiselled. This imaginary figure wore the smartest of smart blue serge suits, and jauntiest of jaunty sailor hats. How merry and bright they seemed together ! She was from the South, and evidently ,au fait with all its fashionable doings, paying scant heed to her companion's coastal explanations, as she chatted away. , £oor Doris ! Ah ! What was that her aunt had been saying about the Mer tons ? She had known the family from girlhood, and that, men and women, they were all aUke flirts ! Had she heard or only dreamt this ? v On, on came the steamer, at fourteen knots an hour. Now it was abreast of the Island. Ah ! had she only a power ful glass. But, no.; that special pas ' senger she wished never more to see—so she told herself. He should never know how, with glased eyes. she had watched his steamer's departure. She would think of him no more. Now the steamer had passed ; the red cliffs of Cruiser Island were left behind. Gone ! really gene ! Then another feeling took pos session of her, and within her heart be gan to swell a sense of desolation and loneliness too great for utterance. It seemed that she must suffocate. Hector Merton was really gone, and without one farewell, one word of explanation. As the steamer's masts began to dip, her eyes filled with tears; her sympa thetic little hands rose gently to meet the sinking, golden head. As before stated, Mr. Cope was himself once more. He was most anxious Mrs. Arch should understand that the previous evening he had. been suffering from a bad headache ; anything was better than that she should Imagine-him incapable' of roughing it with equanimity. In . truth, however, Mr. Cope had done little toughing at any time in his life. On his arrival at Cry?taltown, already the rough edges were worn off the district, and he was not one to subject himself to the vicissitudes of adventure for love of It. Away at that snug bachelor home lying back from the Pinnacle; among the hills, Archibald Cope was very mindful of hjs creature comforts. . Wheit he and Mrs. Arch started gaily plojig the shore in the direction of (the water-covered ' causeway, he was per fectly Innocent of all intention of dis turbing the placidness of his days, and save to reinstate him?elf in the brilliant widow's eyes as a jovial, fine, delightful —yes, " delightful" was the word women used—as a delightful man, thought he had none.. Not for worlds would Archi bald Cope be mistaken for a morose old bachelor. Alas ! man proposes—at least, in this Instance, before long Mr. Cope had done so. •".... ... Their wanderings had eventually taken them to a shady nook high up among the cliffs. Thence they, too, had watched the Taroba passing, but with less tragic emotions than poor Doris's. . Like a lamb, unsuspectingly, Archibald Cope' was being led to the slaughter. Never before had he thus been taken in hand. Mrs. Arch had mentioned the steamer that would soon be bearing her away. " But not alone, Mrs. Arch,"and Mr. Cope had there and then followed up , this declaration by an elaborate proposal, ' in keeping with the role he had that morning assigned himself. It was such a delightful hour, and the deed so plea sant in doing. " I see Kathleen and Jack below," said ■Mrs. Arch. "Stay and have another smoke. I shall go to them. I am ' anxious to hear all about the castaway boat," and with a blush, conveying that her mission might possibly mean a whis pered confidence in her friend's ear, Mrs. Arch turned and was gone. No sooner was Mr. Cope left alone than a revulsion of feeling set in. For the first time he realised the importance of the thing he had done. He was per fectly aghast. His emotion became so overwhelming that he felt ready there and then to die a bachelor by casting himself over some convenient cliff" into the depths of the surging sea. It was not that he did not admire Mrs. Arch. He felt certain that the world held none so sweet, so fair as she. Of all that, he had no manner of doubt. But—the very thought of double harness t He who had capered freely at his own sweet will, to be brought now under bit ami curb. To be dictated to perhaps, at his age. at the age of—well, he would not be par ticular about years. As the thought at tained greater magnitude he rose-, and casting from him the sil ver-mounted pipe, went directly In search .of the cliff, but when found, Instead of deep water and death awaiting him below, he beheld a golden strand, and beside some rocks the exquisitely posed figure of Mrs. Arch, at whose feet knelt Jack Lamb, In the act of tying her shoe string. They saw him, and Mrs. Arch, first touching It with her lips, waved tdwards him a huge bunch of orchid flowers. In response, he found himself jauntily wafting a kiss from his finger-tips, and the next minute, aided by the long leaves of the pandanus, which clustered on the rocky Incline, in company with a shower of rubble, he was borne downwards, regaining his equilibrium only when landed almost at the widow's feet. His mauvais quart d'heure was past. " Intelligence has been received from the extreme portion of our dominion, from the island that is reached by the rock-formed arch and the causeway that lieth under the water, that on Its shore remalneth'yet the disabled craft, but of its owner can no tidings be gleaned/ announced Mrs. Arch. " Jack managed to get across the chasm safely," said Kathleen. " Rather !" said Jack, disdainfully. " And he has brought me theser-my first Christmas box," and Mrs. Arch held up admiringly the fine bunch of orchids. As Doris's brimming; wearied eyes, withdrawn from the ship's masts, were sinking downwards, they were suddenly arrested in mid-distance by the appari tion of other eyes fixed Intently on her self. She started, and for the moment her breath failed her. The owner of the eyes was extended on a rock, very much in the position^ accorded to Byron on the tombstone at Harrow, so that there was little else visible than the face supported between the hands. He might Have' formed part of the rock, carved thence -by a freak of nature, so silent and motionless was- he. Oaslng on those eyes, Doris, spell bound, completed the tableau. The next minute the figure had assumed animation, and Hector Merton, standing by her side, was saying, "I hope you will excuse me Staring so, but for the last three-quarters of an hour I have been waiting for you to notice me. With what were yqp so greatly occupied, that you never heard me coming ? I was not too careful. Why were' you so Interested In that passing steamer ? From your face one would have Judged It was bearing away your very soul." "I thought you were on board It," Innocently gasped Doris. " Why are you not ?" "More likely that I should be now at the bottom of the sea than there, or here beside you, judging from my chances yesterday evening. When my friends returned to town by the tender yester day," he continued, " feeling time drag, I took a run to Seal Island, taking with me Johnny, a Kanaka who was also going North in the Taroba, but who, In the meantime, had been doing the useful in our boat while we were fishing. We got caught in that pretty little storm and were driven at its sweet will, so that I thought myself fortunate Indeed when about 8 o'clock our boat bumped against the rocks yonder. It was then pretty calm, but, greatly to Johnny's dismay, we found the causeway covered. He seemed ready to risk his life by going out again in a boat with a hole in it big enough to put one's head through. "At last I discovered the reason. He is under the impression that there are on this island two Malayta head-hunters, by whom he says he escaped being mur dered three weeks ago, by diving from the cliffs yonder; that his steps are being dogged at every turn, and that he was about to seek safety on one of the Northern plantations, when, poor fellow, an unlucky fate threw him back, asjt were, at ..their feet. (r . He knew of 'some caves In the rocks below that scrub/■"♦: continued Hector, pointing in thai direction, ?■' and he was, satisfied that. cpu]d we reach them we would be safe for. the night at least, as the others were unaware of their existence., 'i "Seeing that'the boy was in earnest I Sent him to the; boat for mosquito nets, ffflft' sonic provisions that were in her, but lit three minutes he was back; looking as white as Na.ture .would allow him. ," He had; seen their fire, not half-a-mile 'distant, and declared* the figure, of one of them was plainly visible against its light. Worse luck, .he had only secured the nets ; but I feel sure he would then and there have* taken a fit if he had been com pelled to return for the provisions, or had I ventured on doing so. He almost dragged me along, and I was soon ini tiated into the secret of the curious en trance into the caves. Once there he felt safe ; in fact, so contented was he that he was soon snoring, regardless of the mosquitoes. • " Pheugh ! the heat, too ! I can tell you I had to be pretty certain that, the boys were there before I consigned my self to those shades. Twice or three times I started over to the beach, taking the nets with me, of course, so as to camp where I could catch the breeze ; but when I climbed Eagle Rock " •' Then you were the ghost!" ex claimed t)ortf, and in her relief and general happiness the girl pressed his hand between hers, as if to confirm her self In the belief of the reality of it all. "The ghost! What do you mean, Doris ?" Then Doris told her portion of the tale. " You ! You and all my old friends here, while I was spending the night in that infernal hole ?" exclaimed Hector. " I was already aware," he continued, "that there were others beside you on the island this morning, for I could see them in the distance; but I never dreamt but that some picnic party had brought you all here." . " Then it was your coffee and biscuits that kept us from starving;" exclaimed Deris. "Oh ! they were so welcome." '"Oh ! Bo my boat has been pillaged while I slept—for at last I did fall asleep, only getting up in time to find you interesting yourself so intently In the Taroba's departure," said Hector, laughing. "Oh ! Mr. Merton, you have lost your passage. What will you do now?" returned Doris, as if remembering an item of vital Importance. "I can catch it up again at Thursday Island, I suppose," replied Hector, coolly, but not without noticing the girl's sudden gloom. " Tell me, Doris, why did you look so unhappy as you watched the Taroba out of sight ?" he continued. " Why were my letters left unanswered ? Why did you treat me so coldly the only time we met ? Why did you write that one cruel, fatal note ?" " Since my mother's departure I have neither received nor written one line !" exclaimed Doris. " I bowed stiffly that time because—because " "I have it with me. Here it is," and* Merton produced from a pocket-book a note, signed, " Doris Oxenham." " It is my name," said Doris, " but I did not Write—stay, it Is my aunt's writ ing, which everyone says Is so like mine. What could have been her reasons ?" " Never mind them now. I think from the first She took a dislike to me. Yet," and pressing his hand to his brow he tried to recall some fleeting memory. " Never mind, we will look it up by-and by. Thank heaven for the storm which at the risk of my life has driven me to Cruiser Island, and restored my happi ness. Doris, I was going on board the Taroba a restless, wretched man." " And I was Just now picturing you looking so happy, and flirting with a golden-haired girl in a blue serge gown. Hector," she continued, "my aunt says the Mertons are all flirts. Is it true ?" When Jack had fastened Mrs. Arch's shoe to his satisfaction, he saw as he rose, advancing over the rocks, two figures. One was Doris, sure enough; but who was- the other ? Shading his eyes, he stared before him. " Who the dickens is that with Doris?" he at last inquired. "We are all here,' are we not ?" and he looked round. " Yes, all; but that is another, and a man ! With Doris, too ! Can It b? the ghest come back to flesh ?* exclaimed Kathleen. " Have we here guileful rocks ? Or have the red cliffs yonder brought de struction on the taroba. Hence the advent of the stranger ?" speculated Mrs. Arch. "It Is—by Jove !—lt is Hector Merton !" cried Cope. " Mr. Merton is on his way to England, not to be back for twelve months or more," said matter-of-fact Kathleen; " but it is Mr. Merton," she added. Already, however, they were all half way to meet the two, and happy Christ mas greetings were soon exchanged. Again Hector Merton's adventures of the preceding; evening had to be nar rated. "Oh ! Oh ! Doris, where Is your ghost now ? Oh I Mr. Merton carry- Ing about his mosquito-net over -his shoulder ! Oh !" cried the merciless Jack. . "Nfrver mind i I dtt m« something, and something, too, more welcome thai* a ghost," replied Doris,. Soon it was reported that signals; were flying on the mainland, and it was indeed a merry party who, when the tide per mitted, were reunited. Under a huge native fig- tree, which' grew close to the beach, and from whoso gray boughs hung bunches of beautiful green and fed fruit—here they found awaiting them a royal Christmas sprea?f. Even Tomata, Mrs. Arch's special ad mirer, had a dish of his own preparation ready, consisting of yams cooked be tween hot stones. •• My word !" he said, serving that lady with an extra large one, " you plenty hungry, me think ; very good first time you ki-kl this fellow."- • ' Johnny, top, received a warm welcome back from, those who had thought rite, ashes were lying1 by the gloomy, jungft on Cruiser Island. V > ' ■ • • •■•....„. . . v.i- *." ■' * ..' • • ♦ • ?. '•'•♦ •■'?. «£-;.♦' After a hard day's work, Mr. bxejmam' haying mixed **rr-}f filffiiriiTf ]rijrjmwll himself opposite hfi VW^fef vat la|?" dinner. •'. * v-v?vp" ■• • • y "lam afraid, Doris," he said, "that you. are having a dull Christmas. It Was wrong of my little girl to run away anil leave you. But young people like their, fun, and there are great doings at The Pinnacles to-day. We have hafd to work short-handed, and I have never before done so hard a day's work. Work, work,/* continued Mr. Oxenhani, "but nothing short of a miracle will straighten mo with the bank." " I have not-passed a dull day, Henry. I have always my Bible, and Christmas with me is a noly—<\- Pheugh ! Oh ! Henry, quick !" Mr. Oxenham, though laughing heartily, ran quickly to his sister's assistance.. A great green frog had alighted on her shoulder. " Come on, old chap," he said, " none of these tricks. He looks as if he has fared well to-day. Now go, and you, too, can follow," and he flung the un welcome visitor into the garden, and after him several others which he picked up about the room. " I can never get used to them," cried Miss Oxenham, rubbing her shoulder as) if the reptile had stung her. "I shall be glad when my twelve.months her* are over, and I get back to civilisation. I shall not leave this heathen land, though, without a sense of having, whilst here, acquitted myself of the mission that I found lying before me." " The frogs help to keep down the cock roaches," said Mr. Oxenham, but he war too honest to pretend to deplore his sister's projected departure. She had not brought sunshine with her, and latterly, something had gone wrong—he did not know what. Being a busy, practical man, he was rather in the habit of taking things as he found them in his own home; but this, somehow, he connected with her presence there. " Hector Merton has gone by the Taroba, I hear," he said, suddenly. " Strange we have seen so little of him lately. I don't know what his father will say when he hears that he has never, come near one of us to wish us good bye." All day Miss Oxenham had been con gratulating herself that the steamer was safely away, and that her troublesome duty was accomplished. "I think It Is a fortunate thing for Doris that he has gone ; I feel convinced she was losing her heart to him," said she. " She could scarcely do better, I should say," replied her brother. " Marry a Merton!" and the unre pressed bitterness in his sister's voice actually startled Mr. Oxenham; he looked up quickly, their eyes met, and there and then returned to him a whisper of a tale heard long ago. On Miss Oxenham's arrival at Crystal town, one of the first visitors she had met at her brother's house was Hector Merton, the ghost It seemed to her of the far away actor In an episode which by her own misdoing had darkened her .days. She had been very silent about It all these years, but John Merton, Hec tor's father, had, seemingly broken hearted, gone abroad when rejected by the then young and beautiful Doris Oxenham, and two years later returned, evidently completely consoled, with a winsome and pretty bride. Doris had felt herself injured by this falling in eternal fidelity, especially as, long ago, she had discovered that she could never, love any other man. Now, out in this new land, she had met her old lover's son; so close a counterpart of the father whom she had loved, and against whom now for many years she had been embittered, that at the first moment her heart throbbed painfully. Instinctively she hated him; She was not long in discovering the terms on which he stood with Doris, and imme diately set herself the task of alienating the girl from her lover. Fortune favoured her. Mrs. Oxenham's ab sence, and Hector's projected departure shortly on a visit to England, rendered necessary the exercise of but a little skill to Introduce suspicion and mteuader* standing, which could have but one ter mination. "Who is coming, I wonder? I shall be glad of some one turning up," said Mr. Oxenham, as he heard the sound of approaching wheels. He hastened on to the veranda. A buckboard buggy was approaching, In which were seated two figures, while Weltamart had evi dently jumped off the back in order to throw open the gates. One was Doris plainly enough, but who was the other ?, At the sound of familiar voices Miss Oxenham, too, hurried out on to the veranda, and there stood spellbound. Coming up the steps, under an arch way of brilliantly- flowering vines* through which the moonbeams shone clear,* she saw Doris, her niece, and Hector Merton with Mr. Oxenham. • •••■*' Early next morning two ■ special tele— cram?'Went North to meet th« Tai-vb*- at Thursday Island. One was from Mr. Merton, requesting that his goods and chattels might be detained there until the following mail steamer. The other was from Miss Oxenham. She required her passage to England booked. HaviAg suddenly resolved to Bhake Crystaltown dust from off her feet, her decision Involved immediate action, which kept her busy till her departure. On the wharf all the circle from Nil dolaH gathered ceremoniously to see her off. When Weltamart had handed her the last hat-box and parcel without re ceiving in return so muoh as a " Thank you," he turned and unburdened his soul 