TTJRF FLOTSAM AND JETSAM. BY " Nunquam DOBMIO." Iiv a very strange coincidence the eyes of the vast- majority of Victorian punter6 are turned towards Ike Foulsham for the correct solution of the Newmarket Handicap problem Mr. F. F. Dakin has sot them. And by a still stranger ci-inridrtniie the vaster majority of even this vast irajonty have pounced upon the six-year-old l.oi-s-e Malolo (by Malua out of Timidityi as the " torn i-t pi'a" which lios under the Sieur de Isaac's five thimbles. It's a curious development of thi" Betting mania that backers are always most ou the alert for the Iusci utable, and time and ngtun pride themselves on their " keen perception," when in reality they are posing as the Veriest Mulic-ls Out. I don't say that it is so at the present time with Mnlolo; but- it certainly looks uncommonly like it. Here w« have a gelding vising Kevi-n years old ; who has always been going to perforin some racing miracle; who has never accomplished anything better than a second for a Nnwmarki-t Handicap during his career on the Turf : and jet who pose.-, as absolute first iavom-ite for the forthcoming Newmarket Handicap, with «-t. l:)lb. on his back, and with whom it is totally impossible to couple a neddy possessing the ghost of a chance in the Australian Cup at anything approximating reasonable market cidde—they've »li been scooped-up long ago. If you wen; to attempt to ask for Malolo and The Harvester lip in the rooms, I have been given to undei stand, you would do so at peril of cons-equences. Now let he scan Malolo's performances for a moment, and see what grounds there are for his being established such » "hot pot" right off the reel. As a T;vo-Year Old he ran unplaced twice —to Lady Carbine in the Two-Vear-O.d Handicap, and to Suinnis.-ion in the Nursery Handicap: both at Caultieid. These were his only appearances in public as a sapling. As a Three-Year-Old he started twice, winning the Flying Handicap, of five furlongs, at Mentone, with Ost. fllb. up. from Tomboy (S.4-) and Martha (7.0), in lmin. 4-Jsec.; and finishing third for the Cambtia Purse, of six furlongs, at Caulfield, with Sst.; Berrigan (7st.) being first and Martha (7.1L') second, the time being 1 uiin. i;ec. So that up to Four Years of Age the gay and festive Malolo had most decidedly not "paid for his oats," so to speak. And as a iour-yeir-old he started on Five Occasions, \Y inning Once (a Trial Stakes, at Caulfield with 7.5, in which Royal Master, fist., was second, and Matai, (1.4., third, the time for the five furlong; being lmin. SJsec.j, Finishing Second Twiee, and Hein?Unplaced also on "'wo occasions. But then, you see, in tho Newmarket Kandic&p;, with Sst. 4lb. up, he ran second to Fortunatus with 9;t. ilb., and as he appeared to be- coming very fast towards the finish he has "copped out,''as the saving goes, ever since. Mark you this: In that Newmarket Handicap, Foicunatus and Milolo were the same age—four years old; on Wet, Heavy Going Fortunatus gave him Twelve Pounds and Beat Him Decisively; and yet now, when they are both six years old, and when Fortunatus bears even as late as New Year Day laurels, besides achieving numerous brilliant victories during the interim, whilst Malolo has been In tho Paddock for fully Two-Tuirds of the Time, there are people Asinine Enough to back the latter down to the position of first lavounte whilst his former vi,-tor is only called upon to concede him a paltry Half Stone advantage ! IJiiiNo Common Sense to bear upon the point (your Very Best ltacing Mentor, when all's said and done : I, and you must eventually come round to my way of thinking—that Fortunatus at least must defeat Malolo, and, as I informed you last week, 1 don't think Fortunatus can win if either llosebrook, Valutas, Beverley or Gaillardia comes fit and well to the post, and has the good luck not to experience any had luck during the journey. I am p-rfectly well aware that there are some sporting scribes who advance the claims of Malolo for consideration; but these are of the more youthful class of writers, who follow market indications narrowly, and base their premises accordingly. And in the main they are quite correct in accepting the dictum as correct that '-the money speaks." But in these forestalling days there have been such things as fiugers'being bitten ; and when a sudden swoop" is made to '• loofct" a horse up favourite, it is just, as well to pause awhile and try to discover whether the money that has supposed to have gone on it has bf-en stable money or not. As against all opposers, I will take my stand by Asmodeus" (of the L ader). who, i0 )ast week's issue alluded to the Malua—Timidity gelding in this i-trai n :— 4 If Malolo has ranged tiny benefit ^^^gssa^ssssa Malua's unlucky son. Early in his career I formed an exalted opinion of Malolo, and although he has attained pii years without having accomnlished anything good,'he may yet linger long enough on the Turf to prove 1 hat niv fin-t impressions were somewhat justified.'' But still, '• Asmodeus"— one of the old school, mark you—refuses to give hiui a ehsncesof winningas again=fc Jij.Erl King, Beverley, Gaillardia, Ganmain, VanitHS, Anchor or Laundress. Now, "Asmodeus" has picked Eight, whilst old "Nunky" selected only Four, and yot Three out of " Nunquaui's " Four are included in " Asmodeus' " Eight. For the Australian Cup "Asmodeus" likewise selects eight as follows Carnage Ruenalf Havoc The Harvester Pilot Hoy Broken Hill' Quiver, Apslvy. " Ribbleden" (of the A ii.cfr'iiasiaii) fancies the winner of the Newmarket Handicap will come from the following six :—Beverley, Laundress, .... Destiny, Malolo, , . Bradford , , , and , Frag- , -, ment; whilst he does not think he has overlooked the winner when lie nominates either The Harvester Cobmtty, Devon The Possible, Dreamland, Apsley. or Mr. W. E. Wilson s best for the Australian Cup. Ik last week's Victorian Sporkmnn my old friend " Warrior" falls into serious error when be writes :—" Sporting men of a quarter of a century back will well recollect Mr. ,?ohn Tait's pair of three-ye.ir-olds, Florence and the Melbourne Cup l'yrrb'us. Honest John, so as to keep good 1'ailli mtli the racing public (!) on the day of'the Melbourne Derby (1K70), declared to win the blue ribbon with the even-money (!) Pyrrhus, ridden by old Jimmy Ashworth. Like Mr. Stead and his colt Bloodshot, Mr. Tait and his friends were knocked under when they saw the filly beating Pyrrhus in a canter by a length. Aye! Aye! "Honest John" and his friends may have been; but Charley Stanley and his friends weren't. No, nor Half of Williamstown! Nor Hall of it either. Vou see it was this wav „, t- • i j jji] r u j . ,ore ?J ce Wf VL a Victorian-bred fil y. by Boiardo from Rose of Denmark (I wasoutat Maribyrnong IATZA Tk'T* u? «f J \ Mr - H " rtle Hsher selected T he Roe-by Stockowner from Cerva-~at £201) I th.nk the price was, in preference to the more massively builtyearlinu, wagering Mr. G. Petty at the same time a " level century " The Koe beat the Rose of Denmark filly the time they met; a wager which hn subsequently hen The Eoe annexed the Ascot Vale Stakes). Well, after winning the A.J.C. Derby Florence was a warm favourite for the Melbourne Derhy; her price the night before the great event being 11 to 4 on, whilst Pyrrhus (her stable companion) was 4 to 1 against. At that time there was a certain Great Personage on a visit to Victoria, and as " Honest John ' had informed him that be could win the Melbourne Uerby with either 11 rrhus or lloronee, and--as the rule of declaring to win with whichever of two an owner please! was in vogue,; the Great 1 ersonage alluded to^ in expressing his intention above all such vulgar considerations •• as Filthy " , Lucre—he would rather have his " Little Divvy" pan out at Four to One than Lay the Odds of Six to Four on Florence. No sooner said than done; and on the Great Personage beingaci-ommodated with £Mf) to £bW about Pyrrhus (the bookmaker wouldn't lay A'.JOD to £]2o) " Honest John " utilised the law laid down by the Victoria Ricing Club in that connection, and the next morning his declaration to wm the Mel- bourne Derby with Pyrrhus was duly anuounced. THIS kinder knocked " the stuffing " out of the Victorian punters, who had backed the filly heavily as a "dead cert.;" but their grief was changed to joy as they saw Charley Stanley on Florence leading by a clear length past the judge's box, whilst Jemmy A°shworth (on Pyrrhus) was vainly endeavouring by voice and whipcord to get on terms. On being asked for an explanation of the Dire Mishap— (the Great Personage being fearfully indignant at being—as he thought—" taken down," and even going the length of calling "Honest John" "no gentleman ')—Charley Stanley said Florence had bolted with him, and that he SZXwn I days the circumstance caused a»ai n s t "Honest' tn "Th* ruf" 1^ > i' .„ W,t \ 9 harloy ^Hnn-LVlIf^ H ' / ' a c ; ted time ere the on^ ^itt^'' " , ? 0me 1 » for 140 quid was q presented I can assure you,- the lucky handino-i, round on vi^'' possessor J handing it round on view as if he were a second Now, one way, you ought all to be jolly well pleased at my old friend " Warrior" falling into error over that matter, inasmuch as it gave Yours truly an opportunity of spinning "an ower true tale. And like all good teles, it has an Apparent moral it you like to take it so; such moral undoubtedly being tbat We Are All lTonest-Until e Are Bowled Out. There's no law in the land can punish a man for committing a crime. The pena,tyisonlyenta„ed through L being Found THE Committee of the V.R.C. were evidently in a very mercenary mood with regard to evil-doers (or supposed evil-doers) last Monday, as they promptly dismissed all applications for respite. I ::rnV"' y „ t b T h t m . iSht h r e « mittee at least proved to" demonstration that "tiTey were possessed of Plenty of Backbone by acting up to Char's p r i n c i p l " I was constant Cimber should be banished, And constant do remain to keep him so." the V.R.C. folk make up their minds to nour anvhnlv tu; 1 tar, S i s s s ^ s sssfts»»* »»»-- '»> CompUmeutary Race Meeting to'Se tend^ed^to dav 2:!rd Mnroh i>o a ' e c7X u, 01 a specially rekerky character. There are five events—oil handicaps— set down for discussion, as follows :—Hope Stakes, of 200 sovs., for two-year-olds, five furlongs; Niddri Hurdle Race, of 200 sovs., two miles ; Hopetoun Cup, of 500 sovs., for two- year-olds and upwards, oni mile and a quarter; Holywell Steeplechase, 250 sovs., two miles; and Countess of Hopetoun Bracelet Stakes (welter), for amateur riders, seven furlongs. Such a programme as that for such a purpose should secure fervid responses from Victorian owners and trainers; and oven intercolonial sportsmen are likely to ioin in doing honour to as gallant a gentleman as 16 e n ibusiastic a Turfite. ,, , ,, AFTER S, spell extending over two years the .New lOealand crack, St. Hippo, has again been put into work at Auckland, and from all accounts he looks liko 6tandin„ anotber preparation, his ie bei ite c!oan D He mugt have beeQ „iratl w BOme lnare6 ri ht off as soon ae he waB tllrown m ut of work> for thia 6e.EOn ho has a BmaI1) but b e]Gcti crop of foal8j which ar(J Eaid ba cxcep. E tionally promising. T, „ Its Come at Last—the New Woman on the Trotting Track, and anotber step she will be on t h . e Galloping Turf. Listen to how " A Kentucky Girl " slates the editor of the Kevj York Sun with r e g ard to the gentler sex;—" You say that He ' 6 coming .'—the Trotter that will lower the record t o 2min. Why, sir, is it 'He' that is to do this? f^ve you no Turf Guide: handy to remind-you that -* ora temple showed the way for all the stallions Z l u f ^ T - / ' Trotting world? That Goldsmith Maid was the first to suggest a 2min. gait was possible, when, in spite of her uncertain temper and great difficulty in handling, she took 4 sec. oil the record ? Do you not recall the wonderful performances of Maud S. ? And how about Nancy Hankn ? Even as you wrote your lander had before vou b /own handj the receilt reeords of t) ]ategt Trotting wonder (a mare), Alix. I tell you, sir, that it is J comiog on the kite-shapad and «s)ie' who h regulation track, and in erery department of endeavour" _____ n 