LOCAL AP9D CENERAL. PLIESSURE on our space compels us to hold over original " Nothing in the Papers" till Friday. LAST night Mr. Alexander addressed tlx; electors at Dongarm, this evening he will speak to the tiieenongh am] on .Saturday : i,dit the inhabitants of Northampton ivill IJC informed as to his view=, while on Monday evening next he will address the people of Geraldton. A CUE correspondent writing to us on Tuesot y , l , aSt^' S Johu Gcor S e l>owdcn 5 of Challa station, died here on Friday. Deenlv 1 J re gretted." WE believe that the fourth candidate for the Central Province seat, to whom we referred on Monday, has abandoned the idea of contesting but may seek the suffrages of the people of the district later on. THE Woman's Christian Temperance Union (Geraldton Branch) held a special meeting of " Prayer and Praise" on Wednesday evening July 3rd, in accordance with a request from the Australasian Convention of the British Woman's Temperance Association that the first week in July be set apart for special prayer and praise for past benefits and future aid. The meeting which was will attended was opened by the President with some earnest remarks on the necessity of prohibition of the liquor traffic and mentioned Canada as being in that happy condition of total abstinence. And the Union hopes to see the day when Geraldton shall " Unfurl the Flag" of prohibition. Adjutant Upton (Salva on Army) Sp o]£e most impressively on the Baptism of the Holy Ghost, entreating his hearers to get filied with it in order to carry on this great work of alcoholic reform. The meeting which was a hearly one was then brought to a close with singing and prayer. WE notice from a recent issue of the Melbourne Liberator that Mr. Jos. Symes, the Editor of that journal, who was lately sent to gaol for fourteen days for contempt of Court, is publishing a series of articles entitled " My Prison Diary" in his newspaper. The resourceful journalist all over the world apparently knows how to combine business with—pain. IN the Assembly last week Sir John Forrest, the leader of the. Ministry which hates spicy language as strongly as it does the Express, called Mr. Walter James, one of the talented and most trusted members of the Opposition," an upstart," and similar intended uncomplimentary names. But the brilliant young West Australian, on whom the Premier's rage was so freely vented, could not have received a more forcible impetus to popularity than the one thus given him by the Ministerial hand. James may be young in years, but he is certainly old in his political wisdom and old, too, in his sagacious perception of the reforms indispensable to the conditions of a country whose aspirations are not limited to the confines of finance, and whose ideal of a public ruler is not restricted to the narrow circle of boastful borrowers and speedy spendthrifts. The democratic notions of Mr. Ja mes are political aloes to the Conservative palate of King John, and that His Majesty should be so unwise as to permit a public exhibition of his contortions is the only thing that excites our surprise. Despite Forrestial displsasure, the alleged upstart" will be sure to proceed courageously on the course which he lias marked out for himself, and which the majority of the people applaud and approve. WHAT the West Australian plausibly dubs "a strange blunder," but what we are inclined to give a stronger name, has occurred in connection with the registration of electors for the Central Province living on the Murchison. It appears that the Government officers appointed to do the work sent dovj to the Registrar of Geraldton their lists too late. The consequence is that the whole of the Murchison and Cue districts have been practically disfranchised. To put the case in a nutshell, all the Murchison population, with the exception of two individuals previously registered, have been robbed by the Crown of their rights as voters, not through any fault of their own, but by the act of an officer of the said Crown. How the miners will regard this remains to bo seen. In our opinion the conduct will admit of no possible excuse, and demands the fullest investigation. AMONG the passengers by train to Perth this week is Mr. Raymond Eliot. Mr. Eliot goes to the City on a well-earned holiday, the thorough enjoyment of which his many friends in the district can sincerely wish him. Speaking of Mr. Eliot, we may here state that it has often been to us a matter for surprise that he has not received from the Government, during the years he has been in the Civil Service, the promotion to which, apparently, he has had an undoubted claim. For about twelve years, Mr. Eliot has been performing the multitudinous duties attaching to the Clerk of the Magistrates in Geraldton. On his acseptance of office, he had the benefit of an excellent training from his father, one of the most honored nn 1 able stipendiaiy magistrates who ever sat in the colony, while during the last nine years he has enjoyed the fruit of the experience of his father's successor, Mr. Maiilanu Brown, with whom he has been constantly associated in his official duties, and we have never heard that he has been seriously wanting in any way, although, like every one else, he is not free from peculiarities and shortcomings. In addition to this it may be said—despite the fact that it cannot be accepted as an argument in his favour—Mr. Eliot belongs to a family of Civil Servants who ha\'e discharged their public functions on the whole in an admir* able manner. The reason Mr. Eliot has been overlooked while utter strangers have beeu pitchforked into important posts under the Government is difficult to understand. On the face of things, he does not seem to have been fairly treated. We think we can claim to be able to pass an impartial opinion on the subject. Mr. Eliot is no friend of ours, and we feel we can safely Bay that he has no sympathy with this paper. Yet wc hope that, whatever other faults may be attributed to us, we shall never be rightly accused of refraining from giving a man his just due from narrow-minded personal motives or considerations. MR. H. S. Ai us worth has definitely decided to contcst the Central Province seat, and comes forward with, we believe, the most Liberal platform of any of the candidates. Mr. Ainswortii is, we understand, not only in favour of payment of members, but «if one-man-oiie-vote, and the only tiling regrettable is that he did not make up his mind sooner as to whether he would stand or not. Under the circumstances, he has not done himself nor his platform justiee, and it will be nothing short of wonderful if he can will, with the big start which the other competitors have secured owing to his hesitancy. The persistent attempts made in certain literary quartets to almost dispute Mr. A insworth's right to excrcise the privileges of his citizenship in submitting himself to the judgment of the Province, arc cowardly in the extreme, aud will have an effcct the reverse of that intended. Sympathy with the attacked candidate is already spreading among those who, v.-hile open to reason, will not bear with insolent Press dictation, nnd there is no ground for doubt that the sympathy will be fchown in a practical manner when the time comes. The danger of publicly underrating a candidate for Legislative election has already been exemplified in Geraldton. A repetition of the illustration is not wholly improbable. Por ourselves, wc will regard it as a surprise if Mr. Aiusworth can emerge from the contest victorious, with the odds against hini, but we do hope that he will get fair play. THOSE wicked carriers! The Postmaster- General on Monday last received a telegram from the line inspector ou the Chain Pump Station, on the Cue telegraph line, stating :— " From Mullewa to this place 11 polos arc down with broken sockets. Three miles out from Mullewa the wire is only eight inches off the ground, and crossing the track; all caused by teamsters. A FOOTBALL team from Mullewa visit* Geraldton on Saturday next, in order to try conclusions with the Geraldton Imperials. It will be remembered that the last, match, between these clubs was a draw. Hence a g«-od game is expected on Saturday. JIP.FEEHIXG to"our advertising columns our readers will see that Mr. G. Foulis representative nf W. A. Hix chaff merchant ie staying at the G -raldton Coffee Palace. He has some prime South Australian chaff on and will dispose of it at the lowest prices. THE first exhibition of the Greenough Floral and Industrial Society will be held on Proclamation day 21st October under the auspices of the Wesley an Church. A large number of prizes are to be given for bouquets, pot plants, fancy work, sewing, etc. Mr. J. S. Mitchell is the secretary and will receive donations to help the Society along in their good work. 