WIT AND HUMOUB. Faith—“ D ;n't yon love the early p->?ti 2” Morton (managing editor of a magsz'ne)— " Yes, I do ; they’re all dead.” Poet—''Has the editor read the poem I left here yesterday Office boy—” I guess so, air ; he’s sick abed to-day.” Wife —” There comes that tramp I gave some of my biscuits to the other day.” Husband—•* Impossible ! This must be his ghost.'’ He—“I am ambitious to go before the footlights.” She—‘'Then yon had better run along before papa comes downstairs. ’ . Clara—*‘ He has proposed three or four times and I don’t know whether to accept him or not.” Maude—“I woulJ. Suppose he should stop.” Judge—"Were yon ever up before this court 2 ' Everett Wrest—" Can’t say, judge. . What time do your honour git up 2” Mrs McBride—"John, dear, why are some grocers called green grocers 2 ’ Mr McBride—■'* To distinguish them from cash grocers, dear." "Oh, I am awfuily worried. I walk in my sleep. ” " I only wish I conld do it. If I could I’d still have my job on the police Tough—* I want a di zen eggs, an’ I wants ’em bad. see Grocer—" Go to that grocer across the street. Everything he keeps is bad." “ Can’t you trust me 2” pleaded he j ** No !” decisively she said it. Sheuould trust no one; you see, Firm she clerked for didn’t credit. Mother—"That notepaper is certainly quaint, but are you eure it is fashionable 2” Daughter—" Oh, it must be. It's almost impossible to write oh it." Pertly—" There is one thing I have to'say in favor of the wind when it whistles. Dali head—" What’s that 2" Pertly—" It never whistles popular airs." Customer—"What in the world is that unearthly bowling, overhead 2’’ Cierk (smiling)—"There is a painless dentistry establishment npetairs, sir. ’’ | The judge—“I hope I shall not see yon here again.” Prisoner (who is arrested weekly)—“Not see me2 Why, yer ain't goin’ to resign yer position, are yer ?'* I The husband (bitterly)—"I wish I had I known as much before I was married as I do now,” The wife—"So do L Yon might really have amounted to something by this | time;” Mrs Longwed—“ Have you any idea what I is meant by the fires of love, dear 2 ’ L-wg I wed—''Err—those the husband builds'the first: three months after marriage, >1 snp I Mrs Sargent (knowingly)—* It is said that the Lord .never made two women a'ike.” Sergcnt (tartly)—‘‘Of course he didn’t, or 1 you would never hear of a man getting mar ried twice.” | Preaoher—** Every man must some day settle his account with his M iker.” Tailor —VI wish you . could;impress Mr Palmer with that idea. He hasn't settled with me inrabcut two years.” Teaoher—" Can any of yon tell me why .flannel is comfortable in winter 2” Bright boy :(ln new underwear)—’* It makes yeh bitoh about and wriggle around, and the exertisekoeps yeh warm.’ i '"I’m * little worried about my wife,, and | would like to have you run up and see her.’ | Doctor—" What are. her symptoms ? ’ “ She allowed me to leave the house without ask ing for money.” ... . ' Little.,Ethel— ‘‘ Why is' it womens b always complainin' about .the hired girl 2" Little Dot—' Ob, that’s just so folks will tknoftb«p osn afford to heap me,” 