[?] THEATRE EOT AL-' LITTLE JACK SHEPPARD.' A hyge and vastly amused audienoe, vivacious and intelligent acting, and a scene or enthusiasm wacothe features of the reappear ance of Maggie Moore, and the revival of 'Little Jaok Sheppard' at tbe Royalest night. 'What memories tbe name of this burlesque recall 1 We witnessed the original per formance in London years ago when Nellie Farren appeared as the bold Jack, and Teddy Royee, of immortal 'iheniory, was the Blueskin. Well, too, can romataber its original pro duction in Sydney — on May 28, 1887 — when the cast included Fanny Robina as Jaok, Miss Romor as Mrs. Sheppard, Mr. E. B. Manning as Sir Roland, Miss Florence Harcourt as Thames Darnell, Mr. Willie Ward as Knee bone, Mr. Robert Brough as Jonathan Wild, Mr. Royoe- aa Blueskin, Mr. H. Daniels as Mondez, Mr. liaygarth aa 'Mr. Wood, Miss Emma Temple as Winifred Wood, Mis3 A.' Bevan as Edgeworth Bess, Miss Bessio Major as Polly Stanmore, and Miss Marie Reddall as Kitty Kettleby. Then followed tbe revival at the Criterion, with much the same cast, succeeded in turn by tho revival at Her Majesty's, wherein Miss Billie Barlow played the name part, and first Teddy Royce and afterwards Harry Shine appeared as Blueskin. Let it at onoe bo said Miss Moors has done the ? thing hand somely, both in mounting and . dressing, ?whilst Jttr. Paok has got together a very efficient orchestra, and the chorus is right up to the mark. This was demon strated early in the evening, when a clog dance, sot to the air of the ' Turkish Patrol,' went well, whilst the concerted pieces were, generally speaking, capitally sung. Every one's favorite, Maggie Moore, received quite an ovation on her first appearance. Truly, the fair Maggie is a wonderful w'oman, with whom age deals -lightly, and who sings as well and dances as lightly as she didyears ago. Her reference to her delight at once more appearing in ' the dear old plaoe ' on her first ap pearance, brought forth a hearty cheer, and right throughout applause and flowers were much in evidence. Tho well-remembered Bongs such as ' Jack Keeps 'Em All AKve, Oh!' and 'You Mustn't Believe Ail Yon Hear,' were added to by many interpolated ones, including 'Me and Her, Her and Mo,' and all were done full justice to. Miss Moore worked very hard and successfully. Mr. H.R.Roberts, playing Jonathan Wild on well-remembered lines, achieved very considerable success, and won a well deserved encore for ' I'm a Marvel lous Man.' Mr. Oily Deoring played with great spirit as Blueskin, and took full advantage of his great chance in the second act, ' Botany Bay,' with its popular refrain going with quite a refreshing swing. Mr. Stewart made a capital Kneebone, and danced with great agility. The performances of Mr. Daniels (Mendez), and Haygarth (Mr. Wood) are too ?well known to roquire more than a passing word of praise. Miss Laura Roberts made a . pretty Winifred Wood, and sang and danced with spirit, whilst Miss Nora Conroy (Thames Darrell), Miss Smithson (Mrs. Sheppard), Miss A. Esdaile (Edgoworth Bess), and Miss Lily Rodman (Kitty Kattleby) deserve a favorable word in a very satisfactory cast. A lot of variety talent was introduced in Blueskin's cave scene, and the performance terminated with a clever aot by Ouda, tbe tvell-known gymnast. 'Little Jaok Sheppard' at the Royal is worth seeing. # # t- LYCEUM. — ' THE CASE OF REBELLIOUS SUSAN.' Tbe last fonrnights of Henry Arthur Jones' famous comedy, 'The Case of Rebellious fJusan,' are announced at the Lyceum, and on Saturday evening nest — tho theatre will be closed on Good Friday — Mr. Boucioault will stage for thefirst time iu Australia an original play of modern life, entitled 'An Ideal Husband,' originally produced at the London Haymarkefc Theatre on January 3 last, and at latest running to enormous business. The box plan for this production will open on Tuesday next. 9 . O & EES MAJESTY'S.—' CALLED BACK.' Mr. George Rignold and- his strong dramatic combination continue to successfully stage ' Called Back' at Her Majesty's, and will do 6o for a few nights more. We have already alluded to Mr. Rignold's capital work as Macari» to Miss Agnes Knights' sympathetic treatment of Paulino, and to the, generally Speaking, excellent work done, and wo can bat reiterate all we have written. On Wednesday afternoon next Mr. Rignold will give a special matinee of 'Called Back' in aid of the Hospital Sunday Fund. Tiie Easter attraction ?will be a grand revival of ' Faust.' » © THE TIVOLI. The usual big audience turned up at the Tivoli last night to enjoy the good things on Mr. Rickards' bill of tare. Several changes call for special attention, and the new artists, Messrs. Tudor and Friedman, are deserving of very favorable mention. _ They made their appearance in the olio in a specialty, entitled, Schooldays,' whioh, if not altogether fresh, Comprised humorous patter and gags, and so well did they perform their task of pleasing tho audienoe that they were awarded a very flattering recall at the con clusion of their turn. The Sakers, as usual, wero immensely popular, and despite the fact that many of Alfred's jokes were a little ante deluvian, their turn raised laughter. Mr. Larry Dooley continues to please his audiences, and in both parts of the entertain ment scored heavily with parody songs, negro character songs, jokeB, and dances. Mr. J. W. Winton, the exceedingly clever ventriloquist, never allows his show to grow samey, as each evening he introduces fresh novelties in the ventriloquial line, and his dialogue is always full of humorous allusions to topics of the hour. Miss Daisy Chard, as a serio-comio, is muoh above the average, and has grown im mensely and' deservedly popular. All her Bongs are capitally sung, and to crown all she can dance a sand dance like an artist, Both her turnB last night ware much appreciated. The Misses D'Alroy and Lynne are also pretty additions in the .serio-comic line, who sing and dance with much grace. Messrs. Pope and Sayles contributed one of their nonsensical turns, which are always acceptable; Miss Ada Baker, MisaCarr-GIynn, and Mepsrs. P. C. Josephs and J.' R. Wadley each sang ballads with refinement and expres sion, and Miss Alma Grey, the baby artiste, was again well received in both her songs and dances. The other .'artists were one and all Buccessfal in their turns, and the whole formed an entertainment worthy o£ the Tivoli management. lilario Luella appears next Saturday. The Cyclorama trill be open at the usual iour3 to-day. Mr. Thomas Walker lectures this eyqning at ^ ;he Royal Standard Theatre. The popular Maggie Moore indulges in the 1 luxury of a birthday on Tuesday next. More i sower to her. ; A great day ir anqounoed for Chowder Bay an Easter 'Monday. Attractions are men tioned in advertisement. The re-appearance of Miss Geraldine Olliffe in the bill $t the Lycgmn on Saturday next will be a genuine pleasure %q many theatre goers. Mary Weir, looking remarkably well, was a passenger by $he Mariposa, from San Fran cisco. The popular dancer left for Melbourne on Thnrday. Sam Keenan — a household name — well known here with tbe Georgia Minstrels and Hiscock's Federal Minstrels, died the other day in Brisbane. Kellar, aptly described as America's King of Conjurors, was at latest' in Philadelphia, preparing new marvels of esoteric Eastern art for a western tour. ' I shall be glad to get back to Sydney. I've only been here a few Jbpurs,. bnt I like the place, and tbe people I have rapt appear very kind and nice.' — Maud Hobson. A sea voyage will sometimes work wonders. Charley Ryley, carried on board at San Francisco really seriously unwell, arrived in Sydney in a robust state of health. The annual chrysanthemum show of tho Horticultural Society of.Jfaw South Wales will commence at the Crystal Palace Rlnk( York-street, on Wodnesday, 17th inst. Miss Viola', the parachutist, leaves Sydney on Tuesday by steamer for Brisbane, under engagement to Mr. Ward. Hor first ascent will take place on Monday, April 15, after whioh she will traYel through Queensland. Mr. Allan Hamilton, of circus fame, who has been in Sydney for a few days on business in connection with his great Circus and Water Pantomime, left yesterday in the Innatnincka ? for Melbourne. Ho has speoially engagod Herr Hajek, the ' Austrian fieroules.' 'I am only repeating the words used by eminent critics on tbe leading journals of New York, when I say that Mrs. Potter is a great actress. Bat I know from actual experience that 6he has not yet shown her own country men the beginning of her possibilities.' — Kyrle Bellew. At last distinguished visitors have sailed up our ' beautiful harbor ' and not enthused extravagantly over it. The only comment we heard from any ' Gaiety Girl*' artiHt on the subject was one from a pretty and petite lady that ' she didn't think it was so beau tiful as Auckland.' Phil Walsh, a very promising young comedian, left for Melbourne under engage ment to Bland Holt on Saturday mornings Mr. Walsh was last seen here as Gnatbrain in the revival of ' Black Eye'd Susan ' at Her Majesty's. At Bondi Aqnarlum on Good Friday after noon Professor and Mrs. Burslem will give displays of high and double hurdle jumping, and tbe performance will be repeated on Easter Monday morning and afternoon. Truly Maggie Moore is an artiste of many parts ; her very latest successful r61o is that of stage costumier. The many patrons ot the Royal would hardly credit the fact that the versatile Maggie both designed and ' cut ' many of the handsome costumes abounding in ' Jack Sheppard.' Our old friends of tbe Government Printing Ofuce Dramatic and Musical Society indulge in their usual half-yearly benefit entertain ment in aid of the funds of the Society at the Royal Standard Theatre on Tuesday next. ' East Lynne ' will be staged. We hope to see these good people largely patronised, for they deserve support. Little Nellie .Williamson (stage name Osgood Moore) made her professional debut in ' Jack Sheppard*' at the Royal last even ing, proving herself a child danseuse of great ability. Judging from her first appearance one is almost tempted to style her 'Maggie Moore the Seoond.' On Saturday next Messrs. Brook and Har grove will. commence a season at the Royal. Standard Theatre with what is described as a ' Ghost ' entertainment, similar to those given by Maskelyne and Cooke at the Egyptian Hall, London. Popular prioea will be charged. Cecil Hope, or rather the member of the 'Gaiety Girl' crowd who plays under that nom-de-theatre, is an ex-army man and a rare lover of sport. He is fond of pony meetings, and can ride a bit himself. His first query on arrival after a perusal of the Referee was, ' Can I get to Canterbury Park and be book in time for the express.' It has been stated of the members of the 'Gaiety Girl' Company that ' They unani mously dislike Americans.' We know of one at least who does not. On the deck of the Mariposa we met Charles Ryley, who said : ' Americans, i.e., American theatre-goers, are very cold to play to. I won't say a word against them, however. They treated mo well.' To-night, in the Theatre Royal, Mr. Field Wolrige will commenoe his series of Sunday evening lectures. These leotures are interest ing and instructive in the highest sense, not to mention the fact that they are beautifully illustrated with views. They cannot fail, judging from the vast numbers attracted last year to tho Royal Standard Theatre, to bo largely patronised. ' Tbe Holy Land ' has been chosen as the subjeot of to-night's dis course. Mr. George Edwardes' ' Gaiety Girl ' Com pany (under engagement to Messrs. William son and Musgrove) created a favorable im pression during their brief stay here en route to Melbourne; Their arrival in Melbourne (where they play a seven week's season com mencing on Saturday next) was notified by a not too lengthy par in the Argus, and no mention in the Age that we oould notice. Somewhat different to the Sydnoy Press this. Deciraa Moore is a charming and refined little actress, somewhat similar in the face to Violet Varley and Alice Leamar— a little bit of each. She told a Sunday Times repre sentative on the Mariposa that she had much esteem for Joseph Tapley — a gentleman and a thorough artist. Informed that she was not unlike hie wife in appearance, she said, ' I was told so in Auckland.' The ' Lyceum Waltz,' by Dr. Charles W. M'Cartby, is just to band, and it is pleasant to be able to state that this latest composi tion from the amateur ranks is far ahead of its predecessors. The waltz, which is in three flats, is distinctly the work of a musician — the rythm is well marked, tbe music excellent, I and the whole worthy of a place in anyone's musical cabinet. The ' get up ' is capital, the music well printed, and a credit to the printer. The ' Lyceum Waltz' is dedicated by the doctor to his talented little daughter. The Bland Holt Dramatic Company closed its season at the Theatre Royal last Friday night \?itb a final performance of ' A Sailor's Knot.' It ttas a night of cordiality and applause, and the ' send off' was a big func tion. Mrs. Bland Holt was awarded many baskets of flowers, and Miss Hilda Spong, Mr. Holt, and the other members of tha company were all warmly received. Mr. and Mre. Holt and the company, with the exception of Miss Hilda Spong, Messrs. Cosgrovo, Imnan, and Simonsen (who travel overland), sailed after the performance at midnight by the Burrum feaet for Melbourne. Mr. Bland Holt will open bis season there at tho Theatre Royal next Saturday with ' The Span of Life.' ' East Lynne will be produced at the - Royal Standard Theatre on Tuesday evening j jy the Government Printing Office D.M.S. * , Next Saturday the Lyric Operatic Variety : Company will open at the Opera House, York- | street. Tha oompany will include forty irtistes new tp Sydney, and the management prill he under Mr. Raymond Webbe. The performance will consist of variety business, balle.t, and an operetta. A first-rate programme is advertised tor this aftoruqon at Coogee Palace Aquarium, whon a pnmbpr of popular artistes appoar, Arrangements for Easter are also set out. Special attractions have been secured. The importance of being Oscar is not so important as it was, Mr. Geo. Musgrove is due her§ this morn ing from Auckland in the Monowai. Ho will at once leave for Newcastle to join the Comic Opera Company. Mr. W. H. Wallace, the courteous manager for B. and B., leaves for Newcastle on Wed nesday ' ahead' of the famous Arm, The Rev. George Walters lectures to-night in the Hytle Park Unitarian Church on ' The New Woman in Literature, the Drama, and Social Life.' A very large number of friends and ad mirers of Mies Roland Watts-Phillips as sembled on the Orient Company's wharf yesterday to see the last of thia claver little lady, who is returning to' London. Hercab\n, according to Manager J. P. Maodonald, was a sight, it being smothered with flowers. The performance -?f 'The Creation' at Her Majesty's on Good Friday will be the greatest thing ever attempted there in the way of sacred concerts. The North Sydnoy Orchestral Society and Choral Union, augmented by pro fessional talent, in all about 250 voices and 50 instrumentalists, with Miss Colbourne Baber, Mr. Percy Bates, and Mr. Gorc?~n Gooob as principals, will, under the baton of Mr. J. T. Gresty, provide a, splendid Easter attrac tion. Elaborate preparations have been made for the Easter holidays at the Bondi Aquarium, which are set forth in full in our business columns. To-day's programme at,this popu lar resort is speoially attractive. The little sisters Thonjas aro to agoiji appear. Trams, run at frequent intervals. We feei sure our many readers will regret to hear that Miss Grace Freeman, whoj it may be remembered, was connected with the Cutica and Montagu-Turner Opera Com panies, and more recently was in the last panto, at Her Majesty's, is lying seriously ill in the Prince Alfred Hospital having undergone a most dangorous operation. Grace Freeman has always proved herself a hardworking little artist. She is now in sore distress, for she is hero without relatives and, what is worse, without funds, and ifc will be three months before she is able to engage in her profession. Miss Colbourne Babor is in teresting herself in Miss Freeman's caae, and will be happy to give any required particulars to tho generously disposed. We feel sure this case has only to be known and assistance will be forthcoming. The Editor of the Sun day Times will bo happy to receive con tributions to the fund being raised. Fisk Jubilee Singer3 will be here at Easter * B Heller's Bonauza Coterie has been play ing York Peninsular to good business — in fact, so far South Australia has panned out well for the combination. ' They open at Broken Hill at Easter. p ° The Royal Comic Opera Co. will commence its Nowcastle season at the local Victoria Theatre to- nloirow night. * * York and Jones are back at Brisbane Gaiety. * Martini and Lea Tinea were their principal draw cards during the week, whilst the Beau monts joined them last night. c * George Buller notifies us that tbe ' Court Company opened at the Brisbane Royal on Monday in the most satisfactory manner. ® ' The house wag crowded, and the show went well. * 0 Fiorrio Forde, the Perman's, Ada Col ley, aud Jack Lindsay are some of the stars, whilst Fred Dark is interlocutor. 6 ° New York Dkahatic Mikkob says Mr. Hare will probably visit America for a tour, com mencing in December next and terminating in May, 1SS3, and then visit Australia. ' Princess Paulina, who was recontly appearing in Proctor's Theatre, N.Y.,died the other day. ° w She was only 17in in hoight. ® 55 When the Amerioan mail left Mrs. Langtry was appearing with successful financial results (in Pittsburg) iu ' A Wife's Peril.' 9 ° George Rignold, as an Easter attraction, ia reviving ' Faust.' Bland Holt commences his Melbourne season with ' The Span of Life ' at tho Royal on Saturday next. a The Hollo way- Westmacott Beason at tho New castle Viotoria Theatre closed last night. w 45 Harmston's Circus is now in Manilla. * 9 It proceeds to Batavia next, possibly playing at Singapore, and then on to Calcutta. ' The Java season will bo of four months. w ® ' Tbe New Boy' will bo staged for the last time at the Princess's Theatre, Melbourne, next Tuesday. # a Horace Wheatley and Marie Luella appeared at tho Melbourne Opera House, as members of the Rickards' combination last night. a * Tha Daores are still producing 'A Scrap of Paper ' at the Melbourno Bijou. # ° Miss Roland Watts-Phillips left yesterday in tho Orizaba for London. * * On Friday night sho was pre sented with a beautiful necklet and pendant and moonstono ring by the employees both in tho ' front ' and ' behind' of Her Majesty's Theatre. c 0 Mr. Stirling Whyte made the presentation. s ° Miss Watts-Phillips is a true artiste, and one who will be missed by Sydney theatre-frequoutors. ° ** Nat Gould, novelist and sporting writer, goes by the same boat. 0 ° Charles Arnold's Company will open at Charters Towers on 24th inst. * When tha Mariposa left Walter Howe was doing well in Boston. a Manager J. C. Leete leaves for Melbourne by the expross to-morrow to take oharge of tho Opera House. 0 Ada Baker and Harry Fitzmaurice start for tho Bame theatre on Thursday. ' Harry Rickards is duo hero from Melbourne on Wednesday morning. ° 9 James Norrio appeared at the Melbourne Oxford last night. ° ** Acombinatiou open at Mudgee on Easter Monday in 'The Harbour Light.' w w It includes Miss Fitzmaurice Gill, and Messrs. Hayman, Albert Bailey, and J. Leonard. ° Olive D'Alroy and Mabel Lynne did a very taking song and dance turn at the Tivoli last night. e * The best turn at this popular bouse is that by Ventriloquist J.W. Winton. ° w It's clever and amusing. Leon Caron's new songs, ' My Wedding Day ' and ' The Nautch Song,' sung by Miss Nellie Stewart in the operetta ' Mam'zelle Nitouohe,' now on sale at W. H. Paling and Co's., Limited, and all muaio shops.* 