SHROUDED IN MYSTERY; WHICH GIRL DID HE MARRY? CHAPTER LXXX. (ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.) By the author of “Murdered at Mid- day.” “For True Love’s Sake,” “Three Lovely Women,” “Darker than Death,” “An Ocean Secret,” “Recalled to Lif.” “Riches to Ruin,” Who killed John Cameron?” “Sword and Lance,” “Police Minister,” &c.; Halc[?]mus Greenwood approached the old house once more by the way of Packer street and the wooded hill side, from whence he was able to clamber on the rooco£~Uio stable; which was built;-right up agairist^pitch the lump ’of, ; yard, directly : iUr : which he knew that ;|f(it&jly; -occupied of » riigHt, ' ■ :• ’• - , / hei.heard die animal come,forth, possess,i&elf; of t the morsel, , and- irilO.ltfs wooden den again, bufcbecou'du’t sure, , and owing to hdyjn£ by this time ob ■ecured the fienven^there was no chance of i'B dingy : white c.oa*, at which ho felt disappointed. < -He : to co'rtvihce himself, however, h*d gotv’: bis i and, when he hadyllowed about 'a quarter of an hour for its taking.. effect, he .felt in bis'pockets in order to make sure, that his pistols, and a glazier’s diamond that he had had the precaution to bri.ig with him were still there, and then,he. went down the hill into - the garden, in order to take a blosO and keen survey of the nut tint he had-set himself tpiorack.- ■ From a frequent cleaning of the windows in times gone by he knew will enough those ,whose catches were insecure and which, consequently, could lie, most’ easily opened.;;; while as for\he shutters, they'all fastened 6 i the 1 outside, a-id so there would riot ; be. the least difficulty about ,them. I ' , . . their chinks he could see that, the’idining room was the only downstairs apartment that was lighted up, and the nextinstantn he peeped into it and dis covered that .Mrs. HadclilFe w,as,its sole occupant. Tlfis'pnzz’ed him somewhat for it caused him to wonder wlv'ro .old J.-hn .could be.'' ■ . he argued, ‘ In wouldn’t have; gone to'bed, when in the course; of an hour, or an hour and a half at most, he would ho expecting his daughtpr’ to be brought lipmp 'l’ - . ' . So'he took anolber squint, and; this time observed'that a brace of pistols lay oh the dining room- tqb’e, one on loach side of bhe- decanter of-brandy, and .all thn e' being* immediately in front of old John's.great, leather elbow.diair. ‘ TJmph/ then he clearly isrii’t gone to feed, arid those pistols are 'us' evidently, trennb for me as is the -brandy for him pelf. - I reckon he. thinks that ’ he’ll; got hjjj girl back, arid, then ? frightep.iine into* leaving his-house with >ut the thousand guinea*. we shill see',; 'liiit iany* ho w-I’ll have to use more caution than-1 thought, The old J .dy seemfi to be all in a;-lremb!e, and perhaps I ought to be the same, britsonVehow t.aren’t. Guess it’s .because there’s too miich banging on the venture.- •' : •< Halcainus thougbt nil this in the third of the' time tli «t it has taken us to jpt his reflections down; and th w n lie retired a , -• f ' * _ 9 . , x i few,steps in order to look npatthe upper windows,-' who/i be at once perceived that/ tins pee immediately above the porch wa« o|s(-n a()d a light burning wijhrn ■itl-'i-; ■- ■" • ! ile,could also, make put I he sji id >w of a'.nxap’s head.cast Upon 'the whitewashed ceiling*? and when; .presently, the profile prog on ted itself for an ‘ i i)stant : he,.,r cog- John’l pear-shaped rioso' in a iwirtkHng. ' ' •‘•ir i ' Hiadeti*ru)ib‘ition was.takon at once,arid intho;oarryiiig of it hisebrly'.cfe ciis and''acrobatic tra ; ning stood,. }iim’.|ji good ston'd; for it enabled bin V.to c’iirib up the alight t oil is work of h ■ po»Ch ; yi’.h the agility and the light ness t ., pf, a . monkqy,- :wJP*'rWi a less, weighty, climber,- if up-; skUied, would hove broken -' such. fragile footholds down anti* ih(‘ ruins of his own creation. , : JEEalnamu o , however, g lined'',the leaclm, 'Urnbrefla shaped roof of- t he pprch,' and therefrom waseasilyaMe ;fo peer in at the open;'window, yhipli, ,it bejug a /close and oppressive.Sdptnmbftr night, iM r, Kadoliffe had leftthuy because it agreed . with his idbft of b.ct!.er- Indeed h|< .brandy soaked constitution 4 ,nj ado Jiim i-el, as (fcbp'igh'hp. sufTocating and oh the fire unless there was plenty, 'of air stirring obdot'bim/'riiora- especially when lie was busily engaged;', - . . ■ - - Andhe; Was busily ,-erigAged now, for he was leaning oyer tbe bsdstoad,' .'with his back' tpwarHs the/windoy, with y /i ija.ny‘'l3 , V'*9U. hb , and apmo.-:(Strong (jpajkthro'adra lo *g'rent thnt’lripk/rd 'likb .n very recent onq in the . ujide/v, nia’t’ ress, 'tfiriFeather Ucd and ail the clothes being .inpan while/ rolled ;, 'back gainst' tlif f®:.- yj- ■-. ■ . '[l ■ ‘ uotip oldifilc,'’ -thought Halcamu?, ' lie’s beeti burying my dhoiis ‘~nd guineas a.Mong the flock, sp as to provide against- every Ujq j'.O.brho; wi]l seb his bed aU stmight obove it; and (lu-n ott downstairs, with his niintl qiiilo at to wcloomo jlija daughter/ nje. c ßi)t.Bt.opviv,bit r old. c/blf, lor rtho.y game /isn’t -.quite pl-iyed .oubj Jfil-' . : ■" •*' I While.Liuis .Tjsflecting ho observed Lfi'jkt the door wos oloaod, that old John , thoolighlc«tddea of./pr f ol£iiuity, ai.d ] thfift ItO diJn t sc»m to hi»ve ony.weapon, ilyin'g. ( |>ear him f > i .; .** Aseufed in.these threeipointr-flalpamus uponrhjis plap qf aonoh and sed|flng lrsWy over the wiiufow sill f inEo' John > glanced/: only. uturao to, wj fc|j v ftl I itsd’ at /lliirfjeaK/arid^Groc- nwood’s glittering eycor: and/evil looking. |aoo.?directly Holiyiyl. ■ it, .. ---i-V- » - '.n. ■ -■ AC ho lel'out an oath ;w«h> the exploSivc vehemonco of a bombshell, Mjpd then ; biB"fb6lihgs overcame him to ; extent of olsoupon the upturned/ obedlb, which caused him Wlth • d!£fr? r bßrM, ? r ( ->«=ojng But wljoso nature was one »pf - dorf, merely iriadji arfewbry » P rt fbink ’ j feme bo I’ll “just yeju to rl|>, opei| a^ttrops again and fork it oyer,- if Tin not greatly jnistalfen. it' there.’ R«dcilsffe:l i.yomited u .out,,-mypb ; as, ft 3 cliild disgorges o' i dose of nauseous physic. • n' < r . . ; Why, she'd'have been here with hie if , -I’d Mb that X could’ place/ any faith in youVhdhesty'’^aridjlibo'bV;bht, ’ T sotnehow ; oV otiier,vyour' > charftoternvaS 3o against you ithab Ipornumy soul I couldn’t bring myself to do ;it,Sad so 'I thought that I’d . fust and secure the money ;fii*st.’ 7 *’You’re:, a-rogue, n.-knaWj'a>‘smndj.er?’ ‘ X)ittoj brother fhnu t ?.’'; “ j. .' ' : ’ ‘ Well,,you ahalL;havo the money first, jit’s in -.the sideboard/(lrawiV l in the [ dinijvg--'rbbrii. Comp’ downstairs along with ihe,’’'/ ■ ■„ ■ 1 X. know* that your pittols are ih t lie dining room, but I am .'ready to. wager a j hundred to ope i hab.my isn’t there! Aye,, and! hr bet you .fifty to r a fivjer that you’yejqst sewn up thousand guineas ‘in the flock of tbit mattress. Do you .take?’ Iv - /.-•••: \- * X%ey aren’t there.’ . ’ ; , r- ;• , , ‘ (CJ,ome dmi’t tell ho lies, :for. lies are | wicked; and don’t become audit 'respectable'--' looking old>geailomen.either,’ . - i - They aren’t'(here.’ ‘ Well, yod’lL anyhow have prove it by unripping the whole of the mattress' before my eyes and-it strikes, me that you : bad better begin at onbe,’ ‘I tell you once again that they ain’t ihere.’ . • ; . . ‘-And I tell you once again, that I 'require to- be convinced on .that point,, .By the: time that (he'floor is covered with: flock, and you and I with fluff, I maybe, but ;ce,r.tainly ;not before.’ 1 ‘ Search thea : for yoursrd f." That course should He much.more convincing.’ - ‘ And let you slip out of tl.e room for yohr firc-atm*, aud knock pin on the head itlib while ; (hank you all the same, 'bjpt'J' Infinitely preftr. standing over-you .with niy p ; stol levelled at yours ~while you: do tlio dirty’ work yourself. did dirty Fork for you, for a couple of long yours. remember.’ -‘You did the dirtiest, work pLall thp morning that yon h-ft my service in company with my daughter.’' ,‘NeXer mind that now. li/s-aa old tola by this. time. And the quicker- that ■you perform the work that I’ve‘how set you the sooner you’ll tee her back again.’ ! Wbat’sj.tho good of my palling things to pieces when there’s nothing insula ’em,’ ‘ You olff.Xqpl, do you know that it’s foolish to parley' wi'h an impatient man' when he holds a loaded pistol, fuU.cockcd, in his hand ? I don’t want to hurt you, iso don’t provoke me to the doing of it.’ • ‘Barbara, ;is . there anything' in this mattress?’ exclaimed ojd John,, jooking suddenly towards the door which was at :Qreen_wood ? s back, and speaking in.almost tearful, accents. Maloamua naturally and instinctively turned bound, believing that Mrs. Uad cliffu must have sil- ntly entered, the room, for he knew, that her name was‘Barbara; but ns he did t-o, old John rushed forward imd graspod'him by the wrist df the pistol hand, at. the same;.time exclaiming : ‘At him, dog,; at him !’ and then,, swift as a flash of light,. D twdrop.fwho had hem* for too well tnii'.ed toac*, at nil events in his masbi rV presence, without orders) leapt out frpm underneath b'.dstoad, and pinned-Greenwood by the throat. ' Aderriblc scene ensued. ' .Old John had "by this time -forgotten bho,i very- existence of , bis daughter in; hisdove of gold, and his mingled bate and greed,'.. 1- Eold/Injri/fafit., -Worry: him, "Good- dog !’ he kepi shouting, caper ing about.-the room liked madman.; while Greenwood, whom the suddenness ; of • the attack had caused to drop his pistol, just a t 9. madly jstrpggled , with his awful anv (agonist, the blood spurting out of. his throat Jn"' which the" animal’s strong grinders had already met, in big jots.: -It was a-hopeless straggle from the first, baf not until it was top fate did it suddenly flash to old John's mind.that if Dewdrop killed Greenwood outright there might be no: way of discovering where ho hod imprisoned -Ruth, and .that therefore, her death niight he oven the most ttrrible of thpi tVo, ' Dm 'fitly‘;:the dreadful supposition did s!rike. him, Air. Radoliffe gave vent to n ? half shriek.and half yell that might have passed for flip despairing wail of a Banshee and the next instant he * had ; attacked D.'wdrop iir turn, making ins -teeth almost meot’iiV 'his favourite’s bail, which is tlie only way of inducing a thorough ,bredH)ull dog lo.relinquish his jgrip D-wdrop/ thus I rent* d, did so' dt once, and Hnlcarhus Greenwood fell back oh to' the floor ; but choking injiis. own blood. * My child ?E’.ir God’s sake-fell mh about my child 1 Where is shd;? Whore have you 1* ff J)f r ’ p!o »ddd‘M r. Radcltffe, us lie Ml on his ' knees to id« the dying man, holding Dewdrop back the while with nil his strength. ' , -- ‘ Chuppl J Buried f was all the explana tion 'hut Hnlcamusoouldgasp out,and oven those two words could only ho guessedat owing lo the gii'gling of the blood in hia throat; and the strangely sounding whist ling, escape of , his breafb , through the perforations- that, the dog’s teeth had made in his windpipe. 1 In: vain Mr. Rud cliffs besought him to, repeat them. FXe was 100 far gone by/ that time oven to attempt i*, ,’anl in’lesß than a minato more ho was gone "al together. i,. .-' ■;;; : ch aptbS*~lx XX1., ' .. It wiis then that. Mr. Radoliffe cursed a and swore, and wialiedlhtifc he was in the d* ad' man’s place., Picking up Greehwoodls* dropt pistol he, in the agony ‘of, his remorse, attempted to blew out iiis owhrbrains therewith, and undoubtedly would hsve done so had the weapon been loaded with anything more penetrating than powder;. *'-> - , .II onex 11 orc op/;n'f hem at trf‘BP,and tossed •fh’i fl ck; nnd ‘coins " which be had only just secreted/ therein; all about' the rdom{. : spitting at, and'cursing’ thd their fellow I caught his. eyC/>.. ~ '*». •> y i ■•;'^l J hu«was-ho^diseoverdd‘ lR»d- J oliffrt directly she could aicptnpn sufllcient courage tci,w tep,r.(b9vfrom /which, formerly; five minutes, she. had; heard 'such fearful; sounds.;,p)’p.cfedlrig;\ahd no sooner- opened the. door, than put pasfcbor wjth a: logu brjops howl, caused: through at (he ponducb of bis master. * v - ' -/•The poor : laHy's-'horror- and alarm a.dgftd os she iconoeivod a.raving njad . one,., jw.lfch in** •«*.' i M i But a sreond.glance at the prostrate her who : had" boon,: and then and tho ankiet,ies of the pupenon ' to. evepytlnn|f else, andTeho gasped out<: ‘ whore is -, i: . ' •? tMgjrdei'fed; woman, and- by -me,; her' own father, back her husband: 1 And,:;fob . what .-pdded »-fiercely; * % hr to accaribd dross * that you fee (In e-battering abooV- m hate ; and loathing you that C»%dorCd her 'Tl , ab;fp j dluh*i^ojt.lXo’d:liavq vgiven her backdo.uo, l 3 a|o w Jiitu ratb^i|tban f he. should possess this~this which .wasn’t even my own, and might never have been mVy own either.’ r ( yi V;. . Great beads, of perspiration bedewed his brow, his byes seemed to bo starting j.frorn their, socket-,- and. his. face was perfebny, : o.idayorouB as ho thus rayed but Mrs. Ridcliff-) seemed to be • affected by the sight ribr by the more ghastly figure that lay stretched along ,the ifloor.' - •. ' ,r ; Her fears for her daughter overcame, and absorbed all othertenors, causing I hereto exclaim; almost impatiently : ,; . r He was nil armed burglar, and he' has mot a burglar’s doom j but before he died did he givo you no clue whatever to help, in tlie discoybry arid the 1 recovery of our bliild V • ■ • - AfNof yes, I do i’t' knpw what you are woman;*;, If it’s w.betli i’WJi log- agafPi ',hy:}%.■**& if not hold your ..;i ‘Did he : gi‘vb you no clue to help us to discover Ruth, before—he -died 1’ * Chape I—:burj ed' that was all' he said, .Absurd, how 1 , could' she be .hurled in a ohaipbl ? , The; vindictive scoundrel .used his last breath; to put us on the wrong scent; and yet I’m the worst pfithe two' —the worst of the two—thinking only of the gold—-the golcL— and not my own neither,, and Hbwarth .might not have given mehalf of not even half of it: " 1 , ' / ' ‘ Do think of something else limn the gold for awhile. Greenwood’s last, words may not be so absurd as you! suppose. Let us go downstairs aud weigh them oyer; It may bo.brutal towards the dead, but I cannot at present think of anyone or anything except Ruth. Come out of this room and shut the door behind you, and then let us plot and-plan together,, over the fire downstairs,’ . ’ ‘Aye, and over the brandy—Mo brandy* Brandy or poison, nothing ex* cepb 'tho3e ! two. things will over:ease me. again, and, of the two,-I—l—l give choice to brandy,’ rop’ied old John, Jn tones as though ho was. setting a most knotty problem. In the midst of it Mrs. Radcliffe managed to get him out of the chamber of death, for his mind was so unhinged that he didn't rightly know what he was about. ' Seated once more in his armchair in the comfortable dining-room, and with one gibes of stiff brandy:and water swallowed and a second got a little more than half way through .in dead silence, old John brightened up enough .to t he able to exclaim in peevish accents: ‘WeP/what did you say about a chapel ? As though -he could have buried our dear girl in. a chapel. Even a church would havo sounded more reasonable, for a church is a gruesome‘enough place oft times; but a comfortably pewed, pulpited, gallericd chapel, with never such a thing as a vault, a dead house, o» a graveyard connected with i|y why the notion’s too absurd 1 lor oven an idiot or a lunatic to entertain,’ ~ ‘Then I must be an idiot or a, lunatic,, for X entertain it. People don’t tell .falsehoods with their last breath, and I’m sure the old house in Ghost Lino is . a likely place enough.’ ‘ What has the old house in Ghost Lane got to do with a chape),’ snapped out old John* in a voice nlrnjst like bhe bark of a dog. * Wejl, it was a nunnery once upon a, time, wasn’t it, and hadn’t all nunneries chap-Is 1’ answ.eied Mrs. UaddiflV*. ■ I Oh, ab, dfapels of a sort certainly, ■ buc what of bhatT -‘ What of’ that? ' Why, can you con ceive n more likely building for Ruth to be imprisoned, burifd alive in, than that horrible old mansion ? Stop a bit John, for I don’t speak without other reasons also, so please to h»ar them before you interrupt roe.’ ; , 1 * Well, go on, go oh,’ ‘Twill. Rose told me that she and her compmtons entered the old house for concenlm nt themselves she fancied she hoard human foot-iteps in the above them, but presently sot it down lo more imaginubion on her-part.’ ‘As of course it was.’ ‘ I doubt it, brerm-m a little while after, in: the cupboa>'d of ;: an upstair room, from which the footst'ps had been heard apparently receding, a mole candle was discovered in ■ a cupboard, and' some particles.of food pn the floor. That was the candle which she lighted to go down stairs with when she knew that the hohse was broken into, and believed that one or both of her protectors had been killed. As-there was li f tie, if any, 'accumulation of dust upon one side of It, it could not [ have lain in that cupboard very.long, and j who would hive ventured into the haunted house, and wanted candles and I food there, .unless they were either { Refugees, or some such evil doers as Hal.camus,Greenwood ?’ Old John sat very still for rt full minute; ns though (o.see whether his'wife’s on.Vic lions would strike root in his own brain-- or not,; When they prcponOy did so ’ho sprang to hh)' 1 feet and began hobbling up and dpwn llio room exclaiming excitedly the .whjle:' - ; ‘ You're not nearly 'suoh a fool as, you look Mrs-.R. Egad, for a second time dn twenty-five years your wits have proved (juitb us keen, if not keener, than ray own. You’ve hit the right hail on the hood Mrs. R Yes, I frel sure that you' have; ' Aye, and we’ll have Ruth out of prison In next to no time, and then who yill have a hotter claim to the thousand guineas th in myself, and I’ll—yes I’ll bv hanged if I wont go to the expense of buyingyoji a now cop ; or at till events a yard or two of now. riband to trim one with, out of the'money. What do you, think of that?’ ; " ' 1 Oh, John,how could you accept a reward for rescuing from death your own child'?’’ exclaimed Mrs. - RVidcliffo, both; looking and feeling terribly shocked. ; ‘Couldn't I?;. ‘ Well, on sbe'orid thoughts couldn't. It would, of course, boindolicfttQto.usk-, for suob :r: a : thing. - , But then, ynu know, it % wouldn’t bo,indelicate for Sir Harry t? offer; ite--; ’esjieblSlly'aßiar my~-hjy -life in-its defenoe-r—as I just now did, yovf' know,-’ f , _ . j \- ‘ John,' John, :for heHybn’a* ilaliQ en courage natural affection instead of avarice. O'or dear child ' isn’t . recovered yet, and after’alhmy coiiViotiontf; may be mistaken ones.’ ' I . 1 ‘ Tiibre, now you go throwing cold water :on .the things according to your |UBU«I mos,t aggravating custom*’ ,Vi»id old iJolin snappishly; | \\\Cii ■'l don’t want.you to be too sanguine 'opisucooss - .thbb’tK nil,; J6hifii< Put T i’tl“ bbli^vbifn. my firmly ; and :np time must bo lost in the endeavor to res’ duoo tbbm to certninließ/ . fcif remember the i*oally-awful situation -that’ Halcamus' :.Qteenw6od <moro than hintod to Rose that her’sister was in. I wont repeat -his; words, for you must remember timin' as; well as I do. <To save Ruth from doafch -. or madness not a.raomtmt then must be lost Folks mayrtinot have suph a ;BuporatitibuB’horrorbf’th()old*.houBoinow that thby know other human beings lhavo ..qntejed lota.it, .and evenrabidcd in it in, the night- time, and yet suffered; nothing fibm'lhe ghosts thbt are said to crowd it, arid if so, you . would bo able to get volunteers, even a'b.-his hour to accompany you thither and to search it all over. There is said to bo ri bottomless pit there. Of .course that Is dll nonseuij.p,-but it may. beja/v.ery deep one, and it may load to ■.' Ruth'S prison;' or ■ else bo her -prison. i You should therefore -.take ropes with you.’ '7 . no ; I could never go down a hot* torn!ess hole at ilio eiid of a rope, at my time.: of, life 1 the:.woman must bo mad,' groahed old John. f ‘ If "you can’t others can.’ * -* And-they’d gob the thousand guineas' if they fouf»d : her at the bottom of the bob tomlriss hole.’ ‘ John, I was never so disgusted with your'mean; iso'rdid selfishness in all- my life before:, I dechire that I’ii put on, my bonnet 'and shawl, and run up to the Viciragej abd ask Parson" Dick to bestir -himsolf in' my poor child's behalf, since herown father doesn’t seem to care to act in the 'matter, if I do, I’m sure that Person Dibk will; never again regard you ns a;fellow : man, far less a fellow Chris-* turn/': . ‘ Shut up ; %. woman. I’ll go up . to' Parson Diet myself. A better advisor under such .circumstances there couldn’t be, and ifha’Jl only-go;-with us he’ll be -a' power of strength in himself, for then* are few folks in Rochdale who would fear to: fab * even the devil in his company. Stay, though, Parson Dick would claim the entire thousand if he had a finger, in the pie—-claim ifc with tears in his eyes/ for his distressed parishioners, and then, like a /fraudulent debtor, would pay" ’em only a penny in the pound. No, I’ll ho hanged, if I’ll have anything to do with Parson. Dicti' > ‘ You or I will have a great deal to do with him, John, and that immediately.’ .‘ Eh, what, do you dare to dispute niy •authority I Have I,- or have’l not, been accustomed to coerce yod into a very proper obedience, Mrs. Rl’ old John, fishing up his hunting crop out of tho corner, and'give a tremendous crack with.the thong. ‘ You used to do it in times when I feared .-you—but all./that was before I knew you—like I do now. Pat_ down that whip then, and go at once to (he vicarage ; that is to say wish to and disgraced by my going in your stead *"Oh, if you take that view of'lho case of course there’s nothing more to bo said,’ rejoined Mr. Radoliffe in tones as (hough he’d suddenly filled his month with a huge helping of humble, pie. ‘ I’ll bo off at once, dear. But hadn’t I l.eb'er, before I go, just'take a candle upstairs; and stuff all those gold guineas into the mattress again. I can’t think that there's so much gold lying about, especially in such unprecedented quantity, my dear,’ ‘ You called it (t'bis juit now, and so it is compared to my darling’s life' or reason. No, off you stayb to the vicarage at once, Joho. if you like I will, just to easeyour iniod, look the door of that room'directly you are gone, and keep tho key in my ■pocket until your return.’ ‘ Oh do, oh do, yes, that will be a gond plan—a good plan, But, a'as, the window is open, also.’ ‘I will secure that as well, nolwilh> standing whiit’s'Tjn' the room, if you will ’’only start for tho vicarage'at once. For heaven’# sake have the Heart and the thoughts of a father instead of a miser for a while. Oli, t wish that I was a man.’ '. ‘ I’m sure I should have no objection, my dear. Well- I’iii ofi,’ and hastily don ning his hat and overcoat old John at last started off for the vicarage in downright earnest.. Clambering up the wooded hilDide from the garden, past And- over the very spot where tho unfortunate Greenwood had lain and smoked for so many hours while meditating on lire scheme that had turned out so disastrously for himself, old John pulling and blowing with tho un wonted exertions, at last gained its summit, and a ‘ minuteor two Inter was knockingwith till his might at (he vicarage doer, ' ; CHAPTER "IXXXH. Tho Reverend Dick Bellos was,.to use a raodenf slang bat forcible, expression, ‘all there’ when old John Rndcliffobroke in upon him just as ho was having his final pipe and gloss of grog before going to bod, or anything in the shape of a hunt was exactly to the parson’s taste; and though he would doubil-ss have prr ferrod the prmpeot of ui.oarlhing n fox, as being "an animal calculated ,’in every way to afiord better sport limn a g'r 1 , yet to him poor sport was better than no sporf, and he had a' kind heart in addi’inn, and so was over ready to do a good turn to his follow-nrea'ufes. The rbuilt was thrtt woke up his man servant and sent him off to rouse the sexton and clerk, observing naively the while ‘ it was as well to havn all the searchers connected with tho church in some way or other since ghosts would naturally have a greater resp ct for them than for other folks, and for the sexton, perhaps, especially as being a kind -.of connecting link between this world and the next.’ ' Having thus expressed himself ho bade bid John bo silent, and began diligently to study the ‘ O-der ’ for the laying of evil spirits, ghosts,, and spectres, which fully occupied him until the volunteers, or rather the.pressed men, had nil arrived the clerk with a big biblo under his arm and n scrap'of palm (saved from last Palm Sunday) in ‘his waistcoat pocket, while the sexton shouldered n* spado, perhaps as being moio. in his line, or perchance under' tho impression that when the parson bad laid the spirits they’d have-to bo buried/ just as though they were bodies, -fir ; As for.the servant man, ho lucked his, master s heavy \qbony bootjack under his arm, which looked to be a very fit*’ '.ting instrument, to manufacture .a ghost but. of a living but scarcely adapted for the changing of-an ao’ual ,ghost into eitheranything better or worse, - ’ v r • ' : .. Old John, whobelicvol in no kind of spirits, whatever, except rum, gin, Hol lands and brandy,would have pooh poohed ,pll those preliminaries .but for ionr of giving the parson ofTonco ; yot. ha never theless insisted i hat plenty of Candles and a goodilentfth of rope should bo taken with , them'in addition/'' / . / > . Web, the partyipresently set forth, and ih .tho codrso 1 of a quarter of an hour peached the parco t observing as they passed tho Town Gross, which ho Tiad planted l wlth’to-much ceremony the preceding night, thbt peVhaps it had not b.qen there long. enough :(o. ex|Tt much .influence in these, rooms, of the haunted ’mansion whose windows fnped another ; direction, ,|! ' -They had. .called at tho phmerfs in passing for the-loan of. tho keys, but; Jim Nuttai upon learning, or rather obtaining of,’-what was up, had insisted upon being of llje exploring party, for, which; ho' had-very &ood; reasons, ab the irbadorvwni loarirano.niAii I Upon being admitted by tho pinner into the ol(K house, the party, strong in :numbers,. and with their courAgo ako •Strong owing to tho presence of the re doubtable parson who h*d-worsted even thei devil ,in single combat, lighted. their , and commenced a thorough search of the premises from collar to attic, but found nothing save another cnndle—a common dip—which three mice wore busy supping on, though those diminutive rodents beat a rocipitato retreat on being discovered. ‘ Tho secret chamber, with the reputed —and by most folks (irmly believed in— bottomless-pit yawning like a Brobdig ougian rat hole on one side of it was at last entered, and shuddoringly sur veyed. Perhaps the searchers had put off visit ing that special room to the last in the hope that tiny might .not have to enter it jit all. At length, however, it brcime a positive certainly that if .the missing girl was in tho old house she must be at the bottom of that yawning, gulf, which, bearing in mind that the character that the ill-reputed mansion had for so long borne looked as though it led down to hell itself. To,test its depth the rope was letdown, but although ’twas of groat length no bottom s«emed to have bei n reached when it was entirely paid out. The sexton was next instructed to get a loose brick out of the fireplace of the adjoining apartment with his spado and drop it. down the abyss, in the hope of obtaining some idea of its depth from the number of reverberations that it made in Its descent, &c.; When it was thrown in, it and the echoes that it awakened made a most frightful ard unearthly noise between them, but tho sounds seaned to be caused by a-hopping rather‘th-m a falling mass, and Jim Nuttall , the pinner thereupon exclaimed : i ‘lb scorns to go to a slope instead of sheer [ down like a well or a mine shaft, for tho brick has come to a gradual stop. Give mo a double turn of rope around my waist, and tail on all of you to tho other end of it, and I’ll be lowered down with alighted candle in my hand. Should I yell out, haul me up ns quickly us you can, for tho pit may be full of foiil air, don’t you see, and that’ll rob a man of his breath and his*life in next to no time, i But as long as my candle’ll burn that’ll be J all right. Tho sturdy volunteer was lowered i 'down into the hole and almost at once lost to sight. That fact alone, showed that it was not quite perpendicular or eke his candle would have continued visible, I Everyone listened, however with bated breath to hear his voice come up out of the gulf and what it said, and everyone 1 felt relieved when it presently did cornel up, though it only shouted up in gasping and apparently choking tones, ‘ Haul up ! haul up !’ The listeners tailed on to tho rope w’itb a will then, and presently had the bold adventurer out of the pit and on to the floor, looking very pa’e; trembling nil .oyer and struggling hard as though to get bock his breath. It'htd been observed, even when pul- I ling him up, that his"candle had un mistakably gone out nod tho murmur now wont round of ‘;Foul air !’ Directly Jim Nuttall was able to answer questions they were put to him [ thick and fast, especially by (he now ' almost maddened f *thor. hut the pith of bis replies was to the effect that tho nir down the hole wasn’t such as any human being cmld breathe and live, that it did not seem to him as though ho had been lowered a quarter of the way to the bottom, and there wt re sharp jagged out ward jutting rocks that would cut any rope in two that was ■ let down much further, and that there was a rod glow, like fire, coming, as it appeared to him, fiom miles lower down; after which astounding statements he hazmlod the suggestion that the a-vful chasm might have been made, or nt) : aH events deepened, !.y the earthquake Which llfteon years previously had given Uochdale such a shaking, and that perimsps it led down into tho heart of some vo'cano that the town was built atop of, or even into hell itself, and if the latter, 'twas little wonder that devik, goblins, and ghosts had b<en accustomed to come from thence up the hole to take a peep at the world out of the haunted nunnery windows. The reader, knowing all about tho subterranean chapel will, of course, bo thoroughly aware llnu Jim Nuttall was spinning a perfect tissue of the most audacious fals.-hovk, but bis listeners never suspected anything of the kind, for the age was such n superstitious one that oven a much more ridiculous rigmarole of nonsense would have been credited, more especially when told amid-t such di-mal surroundings. And yet, come to think, was that ago a much mo.c benighted oce than the present, when, not a month ago, tho author;df ibis tale I heard tho st«tomcnt gravely made, and by many os gravely credited, at an evening party of educated intelligent people, ihat belli MUs. Braddon and Wilkie Collins wrote th-dr novels under spirit guidance, and ho was assuied "that if ho would come of a night to the house of a certain mo>t ‘ gave and reverend seignor,’ who was one ‘ of tho company assembled, and Iwlcl n regular bi-weolcly seanc", the disnmb.* di-’d spirits o.f either Dickens or Bulwer Lyt'.on would very p>obably help him on to affluence and fame 1 which assertion was neither challenged nor-laughed at, and was just as palpably b dievod. The elkob of Jim Nutt nil’s disclosures was that poor old, RacloliH’e, affected doubtless also by the previous excitements of that most eventful evening, wont sud denly to all appearance raving mad, saw d,ovils moping, grinning, and dancing around him of every conceivable shape and to'.or and commenced to scream out that they aero trying to drag him into and down the hole, the simple fact being that delirium tremens or as it is more com monly far. mere forcibly called, the horrors, had seized upon him forks prey. The old man’s screams and thinks of lioiror. and tenor came, however, as an -appropriate cMmax to Jim Nullah's astounding yarn, and provoked a general stampede out of the, haunted nunnery, even Parson Dlok, the redoubted wrestler with and victor over Satan, and tho layer of evil spirits as well, proving In this moment of tavern trial to he just as big a coward ns any of tho others Hope, candle o , flint nod steel, and in deed nearly everything eke that they had brought was left behind, and when the last man had apparently issued forth from - the gloomy old pilo, tho look was hoard to scroop as it was turned in the outer door by an unsoon hand, and then a poal of dhuok-ling, malignant, and Satanic laughter earn© forth through tho big key hojo, causing the rearmost of tho retreat ing party to hurry forward and quickly 'become its vnm Np ono observed that Jim Nultal was no longer with thorn, and had they douo so tbey would ono and all have doubtless come to the conclusion that Old Nick had got him beyond all possibility of rescue, and that it would -bo the wisest and the safest plan (as far at all events as they were concerned) to let him be. So Ghost Lane was hurried through, and the town a« quickly as possible gained, and finally- Mr. Radcliff.j was convoyed, raving as he went,.back- to the old houso in the wood, by Parson Dick and his man servant, while the parish clerk, and the grave digger, after trying in vain to dis cover an open public house, to pirated,and each made off in the direction of his hom ft , wondering ns ho went what the world could possibly bo coming- to. As for Mrs. Ratlcliffe, she was almost as shocked by the condition in which her husband was brought homo (o her as she was by the t-do to which she Ind to lis ten concerning the probable, fate of her daughter; but this was in the main, because she did nob believe that (a'e, owing to her instinct rather than her reason telling her that it was not true ; but then instinct of rather intuitive per-, ception, is a very strong characteristic of a woman’s nature and often strikes at the truth quicker than does even the wisdom of the sage. At last Parson Bellos in turn had to hear all about the burglary that had been perpetrated by llalcamus Greenwood, with an account of its design and Rs disastrous result, much of which was to him a twice-told tale; but the worthy divine declared that armed burglars, couldn’t expect and didn’t deserve any bettor fate, and she needn’t ho at all afraid of her husband getting into any trouble over the matter because the law of it was on his side, while ns for the res*, that was to say his present condition, br and his man would sit up with him during tho remainder of the night, and by the morning bo woo hi doubtless be much better, a prophecy which turned out a true one. (to br continued.) 