CONSECRATION. OP THE BEY. . J. P. GALLAGHER. FOOII THE 'GOCLBUIW HEEULV.' Saturday eveniDg last witneisei the commencement of an ? event which has - for some months put been up* permost in tbe minds of the Roman Catholics ot the diocese of Ooulbaru. For ' tbe last twenty-eight years the control of the affaire of the diooese has been in the bands of . the Bight Ber. Dr. lanigan, and the energy, zeal and piety with wblch he fulfilled the task is evidenced by the position of tbe church In the diooese to day. Now that tne veneraoie prei»w » »«=' advanced in years and lelt that the work wu more than be could undertake he applied to the Holy See for a coadjutor, and consent being given, tbe priests of tbe diocese nomi nated the Ber. Dr. Gallagher, of Wagga, and and president of St. Patrick's College* for the responsible position. Thd choice re ceived the consent of the hierarchy of New South WaleB, and finally that of Hii Holi ness the Pope. On receipt of this consent, arrangements were begun for Dr. Gallagher1® consecration, and yesteid»y was chosen for the auipioiouB erent, and his Eminence Car dinal Moran promised to officiate. The Arohbishops of Melbourne, Brisbano and Adelaide, the Auxiliary Bishop of Sydney, the Bishops of Maitland, Bathurst, Grafton, and Wilcannia in New South Wales, and the Bishops of Batlarat and Sale in Victoria also promised to be present. In addition to the priests of tbe diocese a large number from other dioceses announced their intention of being present. . It was arranged t'lat a uttmg welcome should be given to the visiting prelates and other distinguished visitors on Saturday, and that they should be met at the railway station by his Lordship Dr. Lanigan and the clergy. A large crowd ot the general public as sembled at the station, both on the platform and at the entrance. The Cardinal irch bishop, accompanied by his secretary, Dr. Q'H&r;&n;, arrived 011 Thursday, and other ol tbe prelates were in Goulburn before Satur day afternoon. These were driven to the elation to take part in the welcome. # When the train arrived there were m it ihe Bight Beva. Dr. Higgins of Sydney, Dr. Murray of Maitland, Dr. Doyle cf Grafton, and Dr. Byrne of liathurit, Trior Vaughan, and ft large number of visiting priests. They were welcomed to Goulburn by l)r. Ijanigftn, a large number of the priests of the diocese and prominent laymen, and were conveyed to carriages awaiting outside. A procession was formed composed of the members of the Confraternity of the Holy family, tbe A.0.C. Guild aud H.A.C.B. Societies, and members of the congregation followed by the carriages containing the visitors. Tho procession marched up Verner Btreet to 8S. Peter and Paul's Cathedral, and waB followed by a large concourse of people. On reaching the Cathedral the procession halted and entered the building. As soon as the Cardinal, the archbishops, the bishops and priests were in the sanctuary, snd the large attendance seated, Mr. C. Gillespie advanced and read the following address from the Boman Catholic laity of the dioccse to the Cardinal and other visiting prelates : 'To His Eminence Cakdinal Moran, theib Graces tiik ARCHiiJsuora and thjsw Lord ships tiik Bisiiors or AusriuiiAsrA. ' Your Eminence, — ' We rejoice that an event in the history of the Church in this diocese hai afforded us an opportunity of bidding your Eminence, and their Lordships the Archbishops and Bishops of Australasia, a hearty Cccul Mille i'aUthc to the Cathedral City of Goulburn. 'In the exalted position your Eminence oocupies, we recognise the responsibility im posed upon you, together with your other nigh duties, of proclaiming with no uncertain sound the doctrines of the faith, and we, your spiritual children, are proud to acknowledge that your learning and research, your keen ness of argument and urbanity of speech have enabled you to nobly uphold tlie char acter and teachings of the Catholic Church throughout Australasia. 44 As 4 Watchmen on the Towers oE Israel, 1 your Lordships the Archbishops and Bishops of these colonies— eminent for vigilance over the people under your charge— with you aleo the duty is incumbent to advance the * Faith once delivered to the Saints.' 14 Princes of the Christian Churcli, the Catholics of the South feel confident the interests of the Church Militant could not repose in better bands or be upheld by more loyal hearts. ' We again welcome you to Goulburn on the occasion of another and honored name being added to tbe bright Hierarchy of Australasia — one whoB® brilliant endowments and frcBh spirit will bring to the Episcopate additional lustre, and a strength courageous and indomitable as your own. An event of 80 much interest will, together with your visit, long be remembered with gratitude to God by the Catholics of this diocese. '? We humbly pray, therefore, that the blessings of the Holy Trinity may crown with success your labors to build up the Church of Christ in these great colonies. 'Soliciting the Benediction of your Emin ence, your Graces the Archbishops and your Lordships tbe Bishops of Australasia, 11 Signed on behaU o! the laity of the dioccse, ' Charles GiLLissriE, 41 Robert McKili-op.' Copies of the above were then presented by Mr. Gillespie lo tlie Cardinal, the Arch bishops and the visiting Bishops. The Cardinal thanked the inity for their address, and on behalf of himseli and the visiting prelates expressed the pleasure they felt in assembling in Goulburn to take part In the joyful event of the following da j— an event which must be full of joy to the vener able prelate who had ruled this diocese for so long, and who wan reckoned as one of the veterans in the hierarchy of this colony. That he had won great triumphs for religion during his long episcopate is evidenced by the beautiful churches, the cflicient schools, and the religious houses to be found scattered throughout the diocese, and lastly by that cathedral as the centre of all light and work in tho diocese. The venerable prelate has been enabled to achieve this work by his love for his God, for hit religion and for the country of his adoption. It was right that now in his advancing years he should obtain assistance in earying on the arduous work; and it was only meet that it should he & sub ject of joy to this venerable prelate that the choice of coadjutor had fallsn on one imbued wilh the some love as himself, and it was hoped that for many years to come he would assist the venerable prelate in carrying on the work the latter had so faithfully and successfully begun. Australia wanUd ener getic men for the hierarchy of the future, and the priests of the diocese could not have chosen one more earnest or of greater ability than he to be consecrated to the hierarchy on the morrow. It wns meet also that the faith ful followers of the church should rejoice in having such a one lo lead and guide them in spiritual things, and one well fitted to hand on the traditions of the see and to continue the work so well begun by its lirst occupant. Tbe Cardinal again thanked the laity for their heaity welcome, and wished thein every blessing in the future. Archbishop Carr of Melbourne also re sponded and spoke of the omens that day called forth. It was a unique scene to wit ness so many of the hierarchy and of tiie clergy, regular and secular, assembled to join in the auspicious event of the following day. There could be no stronger proof of the affec tion and veneration felt for him who bad so wisely and faithfully filled the duties of Bishop of this see for so many years, and ot the esteem in which he who would on tlie following day be consecrated coadjutor Bishop was held. The procession that day also showed that the Catholics of Goulburn were imbued wilh a deep feeling of love for their church and its ministers, and on »ehatf ot the visitors he thanked them for that expression of deep Catholic feeling. This feeling was brought about by the past history of the church, which told of the union that existed between the bishop and people in tlie land which to many of them was the land of birth, of tbe persecution which both had en dured on behalf of their religion ; and of the bloood shed in its cause. It speaks in the present of the strength and energy to be found in the religion of the catholics of this land, and gives confidence as to the future of the church here, and emphasizes the fact that the same sentiments exist here among Catholics as existed in the past in the old land* The feast of the following day was to ] give to the church as a coadjutor bishop a man learned in attainments, kind. of heart, and well fitted to lighten the burden of go verning this dioccse and thus prolong, it whs hoped for many years, the life of the vencr able ^prelate, the first bishop ot this diocese. In him (the coadjutor) the priests would find a kind and tender friend, but at the same time a firm administrator ; and to the people be would be a true father in spiritual things On behalf of the visiting prelates be (Dr. Oarr) expressed their grateful appreciation of the hearty reception they hadreceivad. Tbe proceedings concluded with the uene diction, pronounced by tbe Cardinal. THE CONSECRATION. Tbe religious ceremonial provided by the Catholic Church for the consecration of her Bishops is of a most imposing and solemn character. Carried out as was the cere monial on Sunday in the fulness of its majesty, the event, as a matter of course, drew together a large gathering, and by ten o'clock, the hour set apart for the inception of tbe proceedings by which Dr. Gallagher was elevated te the episcopacy, the cathedral held a large congregation, ineluded amongst whom were Catholics from almost every por tion of the Goulburn diocese, leading laymen from Sydney and elsewhero, and members of different denominations from this city. The ceremony commenced with a procession enter ing the churoh from the western deoir. The procession was in this order — altar-boys headed by one of their number as crosa bearer — the following clergy : — from Sydney, Very Bev. MonBignor O'Brien (Beotor of St. John s College) ; Very Bev. Monsignor Verdon (St. Patrick's, Manly) ; Very Bev. 1'. L.JRennetel, Very Ee. P. Slattery O.S.F., Very A Boyle C.M., Very Bev. P. Trend M.S.H., Very Rev. Fr. O'Conncll O.J., Very Bev. J. Byan S.J.. Very Bev. Dr. O'Haran (private secretary to the Cardinal Archbishop), Bev. Father Bunbury, Bev. T. Long, Bev. Father D'Aicy ; from Melbourne, Bevs. P. Phelau and P. Dohertv; from Ballarat, Very Bev. Father O'Farrell C.S.S.B.J from Maitland, Very Bev. P. V. Dwyer, and Bev. Father Cleary C.S.S.B. ; from Bathurst, Very Bev. Father Byrne (president of St. Stanislaus College), Bev. J. Milne Curran F.G.S. ; from Dunedin (N.Z.), Bev. Father Mackay ; from Goulburn diocese. Very Bev. Dean O Keefe (Yass), Very Bev. H. M.Finnigan (Gundagai), Very Bev. M. Slattery (Tumut), Bev. Father Hennessy (Albury), Bev. E* 3. Fallon, Kev. J. Lane, Bev. P. J. Donovan (administrator S.S. Peter and Paul's Cathedral), Bev. M. O'Sullivan, Bev D. Griffin, Bev. W. McGrath Kev J. Lane, Bev. P. MoAlroy, Bev. J Kennedy, Bev. J. Gaftey. BevT. O'Shaugh nessy, Bev. T. Gray, Bev. M. Buckley, Bev. J. Dwyer (St, Patrick's College), Bev. J. Curley (Wagga), Dr. Daly (St. Patrick's College), V ery ltev. Father Vincent Grogan (Mary's Mount). Very Bev. Prior Vaughan and Very ltev. Gregory Callnghan (Provincial of the 1 as sionates, at present on a visit to the colonies) and the Bev. T. O'Ccunell of Wilcannia were also present. . The preachor on the occasion was xUgnt Bev. Dr. Higgins, Auxiliary Bishop of Syd ney, who took these words for his text, ' All i power is given to me in heaven and on earth; go ye, therefore, and toach all nations. And behold I am with you all days even to the consummation of the world.' Mat. 28 lo. In these words Christ had, at the close of His earthly mission, in the exercise of that plenitude] of power received from His Father bestowed upon the apostles that high warrant ot authority in virtue of which they should continue through themselves and their 8UC' cessors to preach His gospel to the end of time. In no department of his episcopal charge would there be a wider field for the exercise of vigilance and zeal than in tue care of the young of his flock. The Bishop must make the child aud the school tlie rallying cry of his uiost strenuous efforts. Concluding, his Lordship asked for the prayers of the congregation on behalf of tho Coadjutor-Bishop, that the light of the Holy Ghost might illumine his mind with its brightest rays and guide his footsteps along ihe rugged highway that is before him, bo safely, so righteously, and bo well that the episcopacy so auspiciously began might prove for them his faithful flock and for linn a source of choicest heavenly blessings and the harbinger of everlasting happiness hereafter. The singing in connection with the cere mony was rendered by a chair of tbirtyiive performers— Mr. G. McConnell organist, and Mr. Carey Taylor conductor. While the Cardinal was being robed the orgauist played a very pretty piece called the Chorus of Angels (Scotts on Clarke). At the com mencement of the Mass the choir sang Hum mell's beautiful Kyrie opening with almost a whisper and increasing the voice-power until a trebleforte streugtb was attained, dying away again at its close to tbe hushed whisper that marked its opening. The Gloria and Credo were taken from Haydn's iirst Mass, but as the ceremony was too long to admit of their full rendition these two pieces had to be very much curtailed. The extracts from each however were sung so well together in the crescendo and diminuendo passages and the time so well marked that they at once suggested the enforcement of severe dis cipline and Btrict attention ot the singers by the conductor. During the offertory Gounod's Ave Maria waBsung by Miss Archer, a visitor who has a very sweet contralto voice, and who was kind enough to assist the siugers throughout. Tlie Sacntus was an oxtract from Gounod's Messe Solcmnclie, the last chorus only being rendered, which was soon followed by the beautiful Bencdictus from the same work, and we think with better cffect than on previous occasions, owing lo the better balancing of tlie parts. The opening soprano solo was sung by Miss McConnell, and the subdued chorus from the thirty-five voices, with its alternate light and shade of sound, its prayerful melody and beautiful harmony, placed this item as the most successful effort of the performers. The Agnus Dei, which closed the signing, was, like the Kyrie, taken from Huramell, a mass never rendered before in Goulburn. 