Short -Story. A LIVE GHOST. 'There he is!'— 'There she is!'— 'There they are !' These -iut«ries were not frag ments of a conjug-atiou.iart the exclamations of a jo; oup crowd wliii- Vfeined over the fiidos of the Campania, as she. .^teamed slowly to her dock, and the mass of humanity waiting upon the pier became gradually iudividual URn* -- ? Tom Stuart listened with a pang of lone liness none the less keen because it was unreasonable. He had informed nobody of hia return. Yet his heart .was hoavy with the knowledge that one x-t those - eager wel ooznes would be for him, thoug he bad wan dered so much farther than any of these other travellers. Two years before, he had rushed away in hot desperation of a lovers' quarrel. But in 'darkest .Africa' death's every-dsy neigh borhood had taught him many lessons ; and part of that stern teaching bad been the translating of what seemed the dignified self assertion of his abrupt departure in a cruel injustice toward the girl who loved him. rur 01 course jftanei lovea. mm; else wny shouid «he have promised her beauty and her fortune to him, penniless Tom Stuart, who possessed only u paint-brush for futnrn re Dance ? It was her money, or rather his lack of money, which had niiide him so oasily offended when Van Eyck loutiuued to haunt her step* after the iinnnuucment af thoir engagement. He hud been jealous, nho had been resentful; they bad quarrelled, and within three days he had joined an ex pedition fitted out by a couple of wealthy young fellows of his acquaintance, who were inspired with the crazo for African exploration prevalent among the youthful millionaire ' unemployed.' Good God ! how long were tbofrc two years! Through what a lifetime of monotonous marches Bnd dreary watches ho had dreamed of the letters from her which he was con vinced he should find «rhen his party got baik to Zanzibar, where civilisation and the mail service ended. 'Was it not one of her half-tender, half-mocking assertions, in the first glad days of their engagement, that a woman must naturally prefer to ask forgive ness of the man she loved, rather than to be etow her forgiveness upon him ? But, though dozens of letters awaited hU friends, there had been nothing for him, — nothing! He was entirely bereft, of family ties, and was of no social or financial importance. Only to Mabel had he desired 4o oafale news xA iris trairty ; and ber anxiety was ob viously not incapable of further endur In tbe midst of the joyful messages sent home by hifl comrades, Turn Stuart had main tained the silence of iu's disappointment Nor hud he wMicd to break it through ui: the iniiDy weeks whi'-h are required even nowadays to bring a traveller fr..m Zanzibar 1o Nc-w York, nuiil ibis foolish longing for a welcome overtook him as he arrived, unex pected und unrecognized, among the happy meeting upon the Cunard pier. Yet not quite unrecognised. While he was accounting to a customs in fpw-tor for his portfolio of African sketches, lie reenme aware of an oddly amazed stare fixed upon him, and recollected the per petrator thereof to be a former acquaint ance. ' Halloo, Jackson !' he exclaimed iren ially. Hia offered hand was accepted hesitat ingly. 'Tom Stuart P' Jjckson stammered, with an uncertain smile. ' Beg your pardon. I— I thought you were dead.' 1 Never more alive,' Tom declared, strug gling against an absurd dismay at the quality of this first greeting, ' You look splendidly,' Jackson continued, with growing cordiality. ' I heard that the expedition had returned safely to Zanzibar a month ago. But there was a rumor of your death eoon after your depart ure.' ' I am happy to be able to contradict the rumor,1 Tom said, cynically ; 'though I dare 8 xy most people will have forgotten both me and my demise, if I he rumor is two years old. You should be proud of jour veiy retentive memory, Jackson ' With this utterance of a natural if unjust ifiatle resentment he sUillic.t away into a cab, and was driven up town. New Yolk was as dirty, du.sty, and desert ed as it usually ia early in Auirust, and Tom's remcnilji-unce of Africau lm^t bwauie more lindiy before he arrived, perspiring and per plexed, at his club. lie 1-ud never been a prominent member of that, ogieeublc institu tion, but bo had frequonted it foi- many year*, and, should everybody he knew be out of the city, he relied forlornly upon recognition from tbe servants. The ball porter, liowi ver, proved to be a aew-i inner, who replied to Tom's inquiry for n room with the formula, ' Only club mem tH'rs recivedj car.' ' You will find my name on the books, Thomas Stuart.' The porter drew a careful finger up the column belonging to the letter S. Then he confronted Tom dumbly, divided bitween amazement nnd indignatiun. ' Well ?' Tom demanded, a chill of suspicion stealing down his spine, — cot a pleaaut chill, even is August. 'The Thomas Stuart on this list is dead.' 'Don't you see that I am alive T cried Tom. 'Yes,' the other admitted, sharply; 'but I don't see that you are Thomas Stuart. Here is the star opposite the gents name.1 ? Call one of the old servants. I've been away two yean,' Tom said, n solutely con trolling- hifl temper, as be raw the grinning cabmnn ntandin? guard over the portmanteau he had just brought in. ? Guess you know that the whole lot of old servants were cleared out six tuon'hs Ago,' the porter rejoined, with a derisive wink ar the cabman. ' I will have you discharged for insolence to a member of the club,' Tom began im pressively. ' I ain't afraid ' tie other interrupted, triumphantly. ' If yon are a member you mnst te a ghost ; ,snd I don't believe in ghosts.' Stammering with wrath, yot oqually de termined against a row or a retrrat, Tom ejaculated the names of several acquaintances likely to be available fur his identifica tion. ,'*Out of town,' Mb adversary repeated, witil-a leer, which grow more objectionable . it own wpoUtiou, until Tom remembered David JVyxmb, «u elderly bachelor who pro . .foased a oanvlotion-thal London And New ? YurkBharetiefloit^feafUfe between tier.., Sis^^a^^^l^^^r'atar^ ipejfcfia ??-??;v ??.?? ? ..-'-4;-.-'.- -;. ? :£ ;v.-'«Se-is 'in town,'' lie porter oonoe ' ? ded. ' -Dines here every evening- ewii. .'?V-ijtap.' ;-'? ? ? v: ? ' I eh dl returD at eight; and I shall report you 'Tom 4eolar-'d. turning away with but ' ttnall cnsblotion in anticipating the vindi cation of Ids oour«e which would orown his reappea- anoe : for he was impotently aware ' of auci'uer exonange ol winks across i.is ?boulder. ' The .'Brunswick,' he ordered, haughtily, and .hid his diBOomHture in the ?'? ; «*. ,Alt.nh't4hewM*«ilgnsa a room with al ar»u»«Hionof bang a fraud or a phantom, Mid' Mien* he procccdod- -to consider the eiuifuW .position in which be found uim ?'. tit. ? --' - '???? ? ? ? \- Tlio lawyer with whom ho had left his will, jJreviooSJIo *& 4en»rmre for Africa, could ^robtblyifivdUmaa deuulii coooenuMj: the origin of the rumor of his death. Was bis email patrimony already divided among the distant heirs F Tom started from his chair to Book the lawyer's office at once ; but he sank back again with a half-smile : the old gentle man' b holidays occurred in August, and Tom shrank from confronting a clerk possibly as sceptical as the club porter. He must iro.it for Wynne, who was a certainty at eight o' clock, and who, always well posted in every body's affairs, could inform him not merely about the rumor of his death, bnt about some imaginable results of that rumor which troubled this perplexod younir man more than the temporary doubt of his identity, or the brief disarrangement of his fin ances. Before the star was printed beside his name in tho club list his death must hare been widely credited. This explained Mabel's silence: she believed 'him dead two years since; along, long time for faithful mourning of the dead,— the dead who had been neither just nor tender in his farewells. Good God ! how should he boar to hear that Van Eyck had won her ? Very gbost -like he f elt as he wandered res1. Lessly from the hotel to the street*. Poor ghosts, — real ghosts ! he hoped that heaven, or even the other place, Bhnt them securely from any news of the world which they had left, and which did not miss Eight o'clock found him again at tho club, where his enemy the hall porter took his card iu eloquent silence and presently announced that Mr. Wynne would see him. Thors was a keen louk of question upon David Wynne's clover countenance as he awaited his visitor. ' This is ft most extraordinary coincidence, or a most ? ' ho began, but br.tke off ab niptly as Tom advanced under tlio clectrie lights: then, -Jrirh dilating eyes, he excinimod, ' Great Heavens ! Tom Stuart ? — you are alive?' 'According to ray own sensations lam.' Tom said, smiling unmirthfully ; ' though so many sano people seem sure of my death that I begin to doubt.' ' My dear follow,' Wynne interrupted, grasping Tom's hand in both of his, and speaking with dolightful exaggeration, ' I have never been so glad to see any one.' He 'broke off again, to stare at the other's hand some sunbrowned face. ' This is inexplicable,' he muttered. ' If ynu mean the rumor of my death, I in tend to have that explained very thoroughly,1 Tom declared, grimly. ' And I come to you to start my investigations., ' It was much more positive than a rumor : it was a cablegram,' Wyuno said, ruminat ingly. Then he drew forward a big chair for hie guest, dropped into another, and took a JettCT case from his pocket. * I sent to my rooms for this when tho porter told mo that dome impostor was claim ing yournnme,' he began, briskly. ' This is niy receptacle for newspaper cuttings which interest me partwuliixly and are uot too long. Hero is yuur obituary ? * ' Which was not too long,' Tom interpo lated, bitterly . ' Better he a living dog than a dead lion, ' Wynne cried, gouially. ' I assnro you, my boy, that you were very much talked about for a week at least. One must be a Bismarck or a Gladstone to expect more of one's world. Hear what the Herald Bays : ' With deep regret we announce the dealh near Zanzibar, Africa, of the talented young artist Thomas Stuart. He had joined the expedition fitted bnt by Messrs. Blount and Brooke for the purpose of making Bketahes among msjectic and unfamiliar scenery. His death occurred after a few hours' illness, during the second day's inarch from the coart, and the sad intelligence was {cabled to his lawyer in this city by a servant of Mr. Blount's, who had been sent back to Zanzi bar for that object. Thus again does the Dark Continent deprive us of geni us.' ' Gratifying to yon hereafter to know how a Herald reporter classifies you,' Wynne said, firing the cutting to Tom with a smile. * Just now it is more important that we Bhould analyze such facts as you may remember con cerning the servant who-sent that cablegram. Did Blonnt discharge him? Or did he have any grudge against you?' 'Not the elightest. Nor was he dis charged ; he simply gut funked and left ns after our first bivouac.' 'From whom did Blount get himP' 'From Fritz Van Eyck, who had em ployed him on his yacht, and who reoom - mended him strongly.' 'Van Eyck P— If somebody influenced this servant to send the cablegram, that somebody must have had on object *.o gain by the report of yout death. Van Eyck couldn't, of conreo ? F Wynne paused, as Tom uttered an ex clamation : 1 llie scoundrel !' ' Go slowly, my boy,' the elder man said, gravely. Tom, who had grown very white, pressed both hands over his eyes, while, with a flash of divination whose vividness dizzied him, ho understood the whole plot. Two years in which to win Mabel from the memory of the Inver she believed dead? Such had been Vun Eyik's object in devising and accom plishiug, through his old servant, this cur'ous fraud. Doubtless the well-paid servant had vanished. The master's complicity would be difficult to prove. Yet, more and wob-o, Van Eyck was attractive, devoted : Mubel was probably already his wife,— pure, proud Mubel, who-c misery, should she discover that her hu-band Lad been guilty of so We treachery, would not be lessened by tbe knowledge that he was tempted by love of her. 'What has Van Eyck been doing these two years 1' Tom asked, presently. 1 LoaftniF 88 nmipi and making love to MissNcsbit' ' Has that occupation been successful f *Slo* but sure, those cay who prof era to know. Them are beta- lad form, those bets 1— that Miss Nesbit will bo Mrs. Van Eyck before Christmas. Seep coo), my boy,' Wynne added, with an odd change of tone, and a glance acroHB Tom's shoulder toward a man who was approaehing them. Tom rose. The new-comer stood stone still, r For a mom.ent they stared at each other, witfi a gage of such entire mutual bomprehennon that words were needed merely for its disjrttfrte. ' Alive, after all the weeping and wailing for you is ended? Very indiscreet, Mr. Stuart,* Van Eyck exclaimed. ' Yon evidently did not share the general belief in my death.1 ' I rarely share a general bolicf , even in natters wbioh ooneern me more deeply than the rumoured death of an acquaintance.' ' This rnmor took the form of a cablegram sent by a servant whom yon recommended tons.* ?'? . / ? ' I Stood sponsor for the fellow's eboUiig, not for his veraoity, or his sanity.' . The short sentences, stonily swift as the first passe* in a dnc! a la mort, oeofled e arply. Durfog another long moment ?neither man moved', — -a moment m which 'Join jfosght a nobler battle for Mabel's future ?happiness thau ever knight of old waged for his lady's name; and the adver sary he conquered _waa his own fierce desire to strike hie dinohed hand against Van Eyck's sneering smile. : 'Good-night, Wynne.* he said, rather breatblesslr. ? Being a ghost, I am Jnsmrei by the well-known ghostly liking tut solitary prowling.' . 'Without further . word to Van Eyck, he walked down the room, followed by Wynne. . ? . - ''Right-on are,' that gentleman mur mured, rejoicingly conscious of having escaped complicity in a row. ' I doubt wiietbor yotz could prove anything ; and accusation, ou lenr proved, ceema mere Madqruwoum. tterar raaoal h» l».-d-r NeaHhit blot /. . ? ''' } about tho cook's oanity. Breakfast with mo to morrow, at ten my boy. I'll hunt up two or three old chums, and we'll drink to y..ur near lease of life.1 Van Eyck was turning over an eve mnc paper when Wynne passed him again. ' Has Stuart been interviewing his dis appointed heirs ?' he asked languidly ; ' or did he lo«e his manners in Africa' ?' ' He has had a curious experience.' ' I should like to hear how he enraged 0-y verr .peaceable cook.' ' Ho says the cook had no cause fur grudge against him.' Van Eyck chrutged his shoulders. 'That is a statement wbioh few will bclicvo, even though a man return from the dead to. tell it^' ho quoted, cynioally. Then he rose ' Ttt-ta, Wynne,' he said, without offering his hand,— perhaps because Wynne's remained somewhat rigidly pendent. ' T sail in the Majestic to-morrow ; due in Scotland next week for the August ehoot '^Scotland P Capital idea. Ton couldn't do better,' Wynne declared, and went to dinner chuckling softly. 'Tom wins, by Jove, after throwing down his card*. And there must bo one woman yot as constant as Penelope.' Tom Stuart, howovor, had not thrown down all his cards. Though he had resolved to lcavo unoccused the man who had by such ingenious treachery won Mabel from him, he owed it to her to writo her of his return, nnd of bis uncliHUged love, not mentioning Van Eyek'sDame, perhnps. As Tom walkod swiftly along a miy that bad used to bo the way to Paradise, there drifted across tbe tu mult of his thoughts some lines which thrilled him wondrously : There's a time in the lives of most women and When tangle' threads would grow smooth and even If only the dead could know jnet when To come back and be forgiven.' Was this ghostly coming back the ' just when ' P Surely he would not lose the chance of it ! Mabol, of course :uust now be out of town; he could get her address from thecare tnker left in charge of her house, and she should have his letter before seeing Van Eyck again. Very bleak and black the tall house looked as he rnnir,— darkly different from the bril liant welcome its lighted windows had been wont to offer him. 'Her addi ess, wit? She's here herself, — cme into tbe city for a couple of days,' the care-taker replied to his demand, then van ished in baste to finish oue uf the perennial moals of her claf ?. Tho drawinsr room, despoiled of curtains ai-d portiere;*, yearned befurr. him, a dim cave, with an atm: inhere redolent of linen furniture covers instead of mouldy stone ; and into-its depths he stumbled Yes, the was there, rising tremulously from the fhnrfew*, white a* the vision she bo lievcd him t-i te. 'Torn? Tom. !-Is this dreaming? or dy iug?' she wlii-pcred, awtd but uot afraid ; not afniid, bfKiuiso luve., thank God, is mightier thaii . death or fear of it. ?? - ? ? With this that'kpgiviog; he took 'her in his arms, und forgave the rest of the world its treachery and its forgetfulness. — Ellen Mac kubkt. . . ? ? 