TEE NATIVITY. [By Bishop Phillips Brooks.] Kow when Jesus was born in Eelhiehcm there came wise men from the East unto Jerusalem.. —St. Matthew ii. 1. Another Christmas morning brings back the wonderful story on which the heart of the whole Christian world feeds its faith and hope. And as we open once again those chapters of tbe Gospels in which the ever fresh and livinsr picture stands there seems from year to year always to come some newer, brighter moaning into the words that tell the tale. I have turned to this first verse of tho second chapter of St. Matthew, not because I want to speak about tbe visit of the wi3e men to the infant Saviour but because these words seem to me to contain one of tbe meanings of Christmas, one of tbe influences of tbe Incarnation very picturesquely described. St. Matthew eays that when Jesus was born in Bethlehem tbe wise men came from the East of Jerusalem. Jerusalem is so far east that we hardly look beyond it But really on tbe other side of Jerusalem stretches the true Eastern world, so vast and bewildering in its extent, so strange and mysterious in its characteristics, that Jerusalem is part of the West and is almost intelligible by the side of it. 'The East' and Jerusalem, even to-day, when one is in those regions, are distinguished from each other, and in the old days it was not only a matter of geography— it was not only the separation by the Jordan valley and the desert6 that lay beyond — it was a difference of race, of temper, of genius, of the ideas for which these two designated regions stood. Aud what were those ideas I Iu general they have always ' been tbe same. In ancient and in modern times the East has been the home of subjective and mystical religion. Its great thought has been that man by profound con templation and laborious discipline might so subdue his earthly elements, so break the fetters of the clay which binds him that he might coma to know God, nay migjht enter into some mystic and inexplicable union with God Himself and somehow lose himself in Deity. On the other band, Jerusalem has always stood for the condescension of God to men. In tho old -tern pie courts there were no gaunt ascetics waiting with introverted, gaze until in their own souls the presence of divinity should Bbine. The men to be seen there were eager-eyed worshippers, all alive, all -awake, watching till the glory 6b one above the mercy-seat, and till tbe cloud of God's visible presence filled the sacred courts. The exercise of Jerusalem was obedience, not con templation. It was tbe doing of a Master's will that that Master might come and make Himself known and give His blessing; not the culture of one's own life that its essential capacity might be unfolded. This is the difference The East means aspiration ; Jerusalem means revelation. The, East .means man's search after God ; Jerusalem means God's search after man. The East means the religion of the devout soul ; Jerusalem means the religion of the merciful God. The Eastjneans Job's cry, 'Oh, that I knew where I might find Him !' Jerusalem means ' Iuimanuel — God with ub.' And now it was 'when Jeans was born in Bethlehem' that the wise men came from tbe East unto Jerusalem. Are we too fanciful, are we playing with sacred words, if in that verse of Matthew we read a striking state ment of the truth 'that it is by the birth of Jesus that the religion of subjective contem plation is carried over into the religion of obedience find trust, and tho search of man after God finds tits fulfilment in tho gift; of God to man? If that were so, then the journey of the wwe men would become an everlasting picture. It would represent the struggle and final satisfaction of all souls who after 'after long cultivation of the divine iu their own life, after trying to lift themselves up to God bv the use or oontemptnous abuse of the material things by which they wore surrounded, at last caught sight of something higher, something truer — at last became aware that before all the eagernesB with which they longed to give themselves to God must come the fact that God had already given Himself to them. Before their hope there lay His meroy ; before their desire to be absorbed in Him had come His Incarnation into their human life and lot. When that io thB message of the Christmas story to any lofty, devout, self-sacrificing, struggling soul, do not the words of Matthew turn into a parable and may it not be written once again that ' when Jesus was born in Bethlehem there came wise men from the East to Jerusalem ?' And what does such a religion as that require? Surely it iB not hard to. see. It needs a God standing out clear and strong, great in His power and His love, above the sou], distinctly different from the soul, giving Himself to the JsouL, but its superior, its iora and master, the source of all its goodness and the original feve&ler; of Himself, As *hen a simper who has been haunted with drafts of light ot sound which seemed part of hirmclf, and which beset his brain with all eorte o strarge illusions concerning hi» own identity, at last awakes, and lo I there ia tbe light outside of him shining into his window from the sun; or lo I there is the sound pealing into hi* ears from the reverberating thunder in the heavens— eo is it when the dreamer of the East awakes and finds the truth which Jerusalem eternally represents; the reality, the objectivity, the originality of God— that He is above all things and from Him all things come ; that He must be boly before we can be holy ; He must love us before we can love Him } that to know Him, not to know ourselves, is everlasting life ; that not to find Him, but to kt Him find us, is salvation. That is a wondrous journey from the beautiful vogue dream of a religion that is evolved from ourselves, to the dear, bright, open reality of a religion that is sent down from God. and that is the journey which a man's soul takes when for it the miracle of Bethlehem is repeated and Jesus is born once more — when the Incarnation becomes a reality to him and he sees God manifest in the flesh. Let us see what these last phrases mean. They do moan something ; something which if they did not mean, Christmas would be nothing to us-^-only the far- off celebration of on historic anniversary. I hold that there is something which may happen to a man's soul which is the correspondent, the perpetuation, almost rfhe repetition, of wlint happened far away, far back at Bethlehem. It is a distinct event in which Christ becomes part of a mart's life, as then He became part* of the world's life, and thenceforth the man lives tinder His influence, as from the time of Bethlehem the world, with many defections and rebellions, has still lived under the influence of Jesus. We may trace the correspondence, I tnink, in some detail. First there was the newness of the event at Bethlehem. It was a birth ; and one of the very wonderful things about our human life is tbe perpetual freshness, the indestructible joy that clings for ever about the idea of birth. You caunot find the hovel so miserable, the circumstances and the prospects of life eo wretched, that it is not a bright and glorious thing for a child to be born there. Hope flickers up for an instant from its embers at tbe first breathing of tho baby's breath. No squalidness of the life into which it comes can make the new life seem squalid at its comiug. By-and-bye it will grow dull and grey, perhaps, in sad' harmony with the sad surroundings, but at the first there is some glory in it, and for a moment it burns bright upon the bosom of the dulness where it has fallen and seems even as if it might set it afire^ And so there was nothing that could with such vividness represent the newness of Christianity in the world as to have it for ever associated with the birth of a child. And there is nothing that could so set forth the fresh and novel start in all a man's experience, the new advent of power, the re illumination of all life for him when his vague religious aspirations become the hearty accep tance of a personal Lord as to associate it all for ever with the birth of a child. That birth suggests a past, a vague and unsubtan tial being somewhere before it came to the clear presence which we see, and yet it as new as it it had had no past. The Soul that draws from out the vast And strike his being into bounds brings the eternity from which he comes and shapes it to the newness of his life. And the personal faith of the man who has long searched amid the waste for God has all the rich remembrance of that search condensed into the freshness of this new experience wherein God has come to him. But it is not birth alone— it is a strange, a wonderful birth. We cannot see all that is in that story of the first chapter of St Luke ; but its idea' is plain — that for the birth of Jesus there was the diivetest meet ing of Divinity and human life. It is of the mysterious spirit of eternity that the child is born, and likewise just as truly it is of the Hebrew maiden, living in Nazareth, a true child of the earth, as human as any of the girls with whom she had played fcom : childhood. I do not are to understand that story fully. It ib enough for me that in it there is represented tbe full truth about the wondrous child of Christmas Day. He is the child of heaven and earth together. It is the spontaneous utterance of the celestial life. It is likewise the answer to the cry of need with which every hill and valley of tbe earth has rung, that lies there iu the cradle. It is no star dropped from the sky; it is no flower sprung up from the earth. It is the glory of heaven caught by and filling with it self, tbe earthly jewel which becomes un earthly in its, radiance. It is an old decree of celestial prophecy, and it is also a taxing of the Roman empire, that decide the place. Angel and shepherd alike are happy and tell each other of their joy. Here at the birth in Nazareth, heaven and earth, that draw near and look into each other's eyes at every birth, have come close together and melted into one. It ia the parable of what comes wherever Christ is born in tbe heart of any man. When heaven is most real aud yet the earthly joy and duty are most present, then it is that the vague religious life lays hold on Jesus. It is at tho moment when the loftiest is most practical and the practical seems loftiest and sacredest that He who was 'con- ceived of the Holy Ghost and born of the Virgin Mary' comes into life. Mere search ing of the heavens will not find Him. Mere self-questioning of earth will not evoke Him. But when God answers the old prayer of the Psalms— when He ' bows the heavens and oomes down and touches the mountains and they smoke ° then the new life begins. lho humble birth of Jesus in tbe stable of the inn at Bethlehem was a proclamation of the insignificance of circumstances in the greatest moments and experiences of life. It was not a glorification of poverty at the expense of wealth ; it was simply the accep tance of the common circumstances of life, the lot of tbe multitude just as it came, as if to show that when so mighty an event as that was happening it made no difference. No lot of earth was high enough to give any dignity to the birth of the Son of God and no lot of earth was so low as to take its dignity away. I think this is the meaning of that humble manger. I think -this is a greater and truer meaning for it than if we made it a mere '. partisan outcry on the side of the poor against the rich. And in that meaning how it comes to us 1 The noblest and sweetest consciousness of the human soul, when it has really made Christ its Christ, is that it does not matter whether it is poor or rich. It Is rescued from the old vulgar slavery of wealth, but it is apt plunged forthwith Into the degrading idolatry of poverty. It has readbfn lifij it has become tilted with a fipjfit lWiich«an mako circumstances indiffe rent besauBe H is bo jttetti that it can use them AIL Men m, 'Oh, if I were poor, then Christ toight come to mo;' 'Oh, if I wore ignorant, then I might find Him;' 'Oh, if I were wealthy and at leisure, I might have room for Him;' 'Oh, if I were learned, I might search Him out among the books.' By aod-bye He is bora in you. You take Him as He bestows Hiinsolf upon yemr life and then you see that hot because of, and not in epite of» your poverty or your wealth have you como to this privilege ; that those accidents were only accidents, that the Lord who ruleB and euricl.es you in your need is the same Lrora who rules and chastens your neighbor in his plenty. That is the true loftiness of the soul that has its Christ. Again, the very moment that the birth in Bethlehem was a fact it became a power. Tha httle hands beckoned, and the sages from tho East harnessed their camels and started on their way. The little hands were lifted, and Herod trembled on his throne. The very dilapidation of the stable lets the glory shine out and lets the world look in. And there ia no difference more striking between the vague religion of aspiration and the definite religion of personal faith than just in this : tho last no sooner is a fact than it becomes a power. The other shrinks from utterance or influence and liveafor itself alone. Tie religion of contem plation is aristocratic. It finds only a few choice spirits egual to its rapturous adven tures; it hides its visions from the common eye. The religion of grateful obedience is as free as air, is wholly democratic, aud craves communication. Starting not from man's capacity but from God's goodness, it has a place and a hope for every man. The Christ who has come to one soul makes that soul so humble and so conscious of its true humanity that it knows'- in its own joy the possibility of that joy to all mankind. Strangely does personal faith do two things together which often seem to us to bo incongruous, and yet which all the deepest experiences try and tend to harmo nise ; it combines the emphasis of personality with the enlargement of sympathy. Nowhere is that truer than when tbe wonder of Bethlehem is repeated in us. As Mary counted the Child the world's child all the more sacredly that she knew it to be hers, and ran from bending over the cradle to open the door at the knock of the rude shepherd or the venerable sage, so the soul whose new life is the Christ who has como into it counts that Christ all the more its own, because He is the world's, and all the more the world's because He is so certainly and dearly its own. There is another suggestion in tbe fact thab no sooner was the life or Christ really present in the world than it began to be beset by dangers and overwhelmed with troubles. It) lived through them all and conquered them, but from tbe beginning to the end there was nothing like calm, settled peace, clear living and clear shining for that beset and persecuted life. First it was Herod at Jerus.slem. Then came the wearisome visit into Eorpt. Then, on the' return, Judea was in the enemy's hands and the Child was carried far up into the north to Nazareth. All the time, through it all, tho life went on growing, unfolding, manifesting more and more its holiness and beauty ; but from the very first it ehowed that to be the Son of God in this world was not an easy -or a peaceful thing. It was like the movement of a star across the sky — now over whelmed with clouds, now lost in darkness till it seems to have eutirely gone out, but always reappearing, always there, climbing and beauti ful, always prophesying a time when it shall come out into a cloudless sky and shine with out a hindrance. And when the Christ is born in a man's life, when all his vague religion gathers itself into a deep -personal devo tion to a manifested Lord, then all this is true again. Instantly he finds what new dangers its new intensity of per sonality has brought. All the dangers which personal intercourse iavolres — obscurity, mis conception, the difficulty of keeping clear and constant sight of the love of Him we love, tha moods that rise from us and h&ug; their dark ness about Him, all these be;nn to show them selves just as soon as our religion ceases to be a devout meditation or a doctrinal belief and becomes a personal devotion to a beloved .Lord. .. And yet with all these dangers of eclipse it gains at the same time a persistency which it never had before. While again and again it has to hold the hand of Christ in the darkness, it is still pervaded with a certainty like St. Paul's that nothing can fiuallyseparate it from Christ Its Christ is to it what the Child of Bethlehem was to the world — evidently no easy conqueror, who with His soft strong feet was to walk unhindered through the career that lay before Him, yet one who had the sublime as surance inliisinfanteyes that He would not rest and would not sink tiu He had travelled to the very end. Such is the. consciousness of the man whom Christ has made His own — a deep Bense of danger, a sure expectation of darkness, but through it all a certain assu rance of final triumph, of peaceful, eternal light at last. Of one other point only do I wish to speak. It is the necessary truth of growth in the pos session of the life by Christ. To-day ?- that truth is very present with us. It is a little child who has been with us, unconscious of the workthatBifretchcd before Him, nay unconscious even of His own life like every other new born child. Let ub believe that there were many deep and blessed purposes, many lich lessons iu that strange way of God, that when His Sou came here among us it should be first in all the feebleness of infancy. Among the lessons let us believe that this is one — the lesson that the very fact of Christ's presence is tbe great changing fact of human 'hie and has in it the seed and power of all that He can do for man. Oh, if we all could learn that truth | to-day 1 There are men and women who love the Lord, who are holding Him fast to their hearts— nay, in their hearts— by love ! But so small is the Christhood that they hold, «o little of their bveB does the new powet seem to occupy, so feeble is their understand ing of the Master whom they Berve, that they can only rest upon the fact; for the degree is nothing. They have received Him — at least that is true. Now, is there power in that fact to open into such degree of Iora as they have heard of? Is there any hope of such a fulness of Christ as other men.have known? As surely as in that baby life at Bethlehem there lay the power which has run through all the world ; tbe power which makes J udea burn like a star for ever ; the power which has transfigured his tory ; the power which has made millions of men its . joyous eervants; the power of millenniums yet to be, bo surely in the humblest soul's humble oer- teinty that it doeaiovo Christ there lies ear folded all the possibility of the most perfect sainthood. This is the day, dear friends, to bind two sayings of St. John together, and hold them in our hands and see them shine together with the Christmas glory — first this verse, ' As many as received Him to them gave He power , to become the boiib of God ;' and then this ' other verse, ' Beloved, now are we the eons of God, and it doth not yet appear what we ehall be : but we know . . . . . we shall be like Him.' 