FICTIOH. Trapped/ (Continue!)'/? I gave H»wker the addfesff of the hotel where I was staying, and told him about my dressing case, and its, valuable contents. Hawker filled in a telegram jto the manager of the i 1 11 1 _ .w— TXTlt nm notei wmcn ne maae me wgu. it was sent off he gave me a sheet of paper and desired me to write my signature on it— 1 did so. The men hen sat round a table and began to fdopy it. The horrors of delirium tremens were already upon me and my mind became filled . with all manr ner of terrible imaginings. I closed my eyes and dozed off. When next I opened them, you were standing in the room.' ' You were practically out of your mind/ I replied ; 1 but the thing is over and well over. By the way baveyou erer thought, during the last terrible fort night, of the photograph of which you were good enough to show me ?' Tollcmache started and clenched his nerveless hand. ' Don't speak of it,' he said. ' The one thing left to me to he thankful for, is that she has not linked her life with mine.' ' You have undoubtedly much cause to be thankful/ I replied. ' The wife of a drunkard is the most miserable woman on God's earth. Please par don me, however, if I pain you a little by speaking about the girl whose nhnfnoriinTi vnn flTinTVflfl me. Do VOU mind telling me her name ?' ' Beatrice Sinclair.' How old is she !' ' Twenty — there is really no use in this catechism, Halifax,' ' I am sorry to pain you,' I replied briefly ; 1 but the fact is, I was struck with Miss Sinclair's face — there is a great deal of BtreDgth in it. If you conquered your fault she would be the woman of all others to keep you straight. She is, I am certain, at tached to you. To win a girl like Beatrice Sinclair ought to be a motive strong1' enough to make any man con quer a vice like yours.' Tollemache was now intensely agi tated. He sprang to his feet. ' I tell you,' he said, 1 Bhehas for gotten all about me. It is three years since she has heard my name. She has in all probability married an other man long ere thiH.' ' I am sure she has not,' I an swered. He thrust his hand into his breast pocket and drew out the case which contained tho photograph. ' Many a time I have wanted to put this into the fire,' he said. ' I dare not part with it, and yet I dare not look at it.' ' Keep it,' I said : ' there is hope for you while you have it.' ' There isn't a ghost of hope for me/' Ka aqifi TTa fhrnur Kimflalf huplr again into his chair and covered his face. My servant came into the room and brought me a message. ' Tollemache/ I said, 'a lady has called who wishes to see me. Will you forgive me if I leave you for a minute or two.' He growled out some reply which was scarcely intelligible, and I left the room. " I went into my library, where Beat rice Sinclair was waiting for me. ' Well,' she said coming up to me eagerly, ' is he ready for me ?' ' He thinks you have forgotten him,' I said, ' and that in all probability you are married to another.' ' What a cruel thought ?' ' Bat he keeps your photograph in his breast pocket.' ' Does he, indeed ?' Her eyes blazed with sudden joy. 1 He is tempted often to throw it into the fire,' I continued, ' for he feels himself unworthy of you ; hut he neither dares to throw it away nor to look at it.' ' He shall look at me instead. Take me to him at once.' ' You shall see the wreck of the Tollemache you used to know.' ' He shall not be a wreck long. I have vowed to save him. My life is at his service.' ' Remember your promise to your father. ' I remember it. I will not break it. Now take me to him.' She came up to me and held out her hand. I took it and went with her to the door of the next room, opened it, and motioned her to enter. When she did so, I closed it softly and came away. I had a firm conviction that with such unexpected aid, Tollemache would have moral strength to overcome the vice which was ruining him. UUUBCIUOUU ereuba piurou x was right. The End. £ 