FOOTBALL. The Natives scored 5 goals to 1 against the Norwood Alberts last Saturday. The Natives did not have a good team out, only six of their first twenty playing. The Souths will lose the services of Alf. Daws and Chas. Good for a while, as they are both playing for a junior club (Norwood Alberts) at the start, but will don the blue-and-whifce later. The Norwoods have lost Metherall, Cullen, Sullivan, and Finlay, whose places will be filled by juniors. The following are some of the most likely juniors in the Norwoods this year:—Mumme (a back player), Bob Fraser (a P.A.C. bov), W. Hill (a follower), and several College boys. Clem and Frank Hill were down kicking with the Norwoods last week,* but that was only for the sake of the game. The Hills are true to the Souths. Paddy McGrath will be playing again with the Norwoods this year. The South Adelaides were to have played the West Adelaides last Satur day, but the elements were un favorable, and Rossiter was about the only man who turned up in the blue and white uniform. "Jonah" and other Souths were on the ground in civilian dress. Wally Boucaut, who has quite re gained his health and strength, is now at Quorn, but he is very anxious to come down and play for his old club. Leonard Boucaut, Wally's brother, is practising with the blue-and-whites. His style of play is said to greatly resemble that of his brother. Clem Hill and Bid Reedman train together on the Park Lands. Sid can beat Clem in a 130 yards spin, but Frank Hill, " Dodger," can donkey lick tbe two over the same distance. " Brass" Walkley is said to be in very bad health, and will not tempt fortune in the football held. Wills, formerly captain of the Port Melbourne Football Club, has decided to join the Souths in the football arena. Two colts will also be tried. The Ports are said to be on the hunt for promising juniors. They will miss Tomlin considerably. Permits for Murray and Hosie will be dealt with next week. The Football Association have accepted Mr. J. H. Sinclair as a delegate from the Natives Club, despite the fact that "pard" Cruik shank is Chairman. Respecting which see verses on Page 3. On Saturday the Adelaide Oval will be occupied by the South Adelaides and the Norwood Alberts, and on the Saturday following the season will commence in real earnest. Some Melbourne umpires are said to be ghosting our streets on the look out for a job, but it's a cold world for umpires over here just now. Thirty shillings or a pound for a Saturday afternoon's work is not to be sneezed at. A Bill to crush "intercollegiate" football—a rough mixture of Rugby and English Association rules—was introduced into the California State Legislature, but came to nothing. The intercollegiate play is the roughest known—Rugby is mild to it. 