CHAPTER LXVIII. STBAKBAEB BESOLVE5 TO SACRIFICE HIMSELf FOB THE HarPlKESS OF OTHEBS. We will now return to the haunted house in Ghost-lane, and il-s occupants. Hose Stranraer had intended to have gone home to her father's bouse immediately upon her arrival in Rochdale, in order to acquaint her parentB with all that had happened to her siooe she had parted from them in so strange and unprecedented a fashion, as also with the dangers and the hiding place of her companions. But the riotous, and to her incomprehensible prooeseion cbat she had Eeen pass up the lane, had very naturally alarmed her, aod also caused her, mainly owing to the entreaties and tho persuasions of her busband and Lancelot Leigh, to change her determination and postpone her intended visit until the next night, and ehe wan able to do this all the better because th6y bad still sufficient provisions with them to last, with moderation in the partaking, another four and twenty hours. So they made a frugal supper and then ohoM the apartments that (hey would occupy dnrinp the ensuing night. Rose selected the inner of two chambers on the first floor that communicated directly with each other, and her husband said he would ocoupy the outer one, since there he should be best able to guard her from any possible danger, whilst Lancelot Leigh declared that tho room on the ground floor whioh they had first entered would suit him as well as any other. This matter decided oa, all three at onoe retired to rest, for their fatigue had of late been very great, and they were consequently dead tired. Notwithstanding tbeir dangerous and most unpleasant position, they soon fell asleep, and thoir slumbers would doubtless have continued until morning but for the weird horrors and the lamentable ohapter of accidents that were destined to ensue. Two hours might have elapsed when Cameron of Stranraer was awakened by a Bucden and an awful cry, coming evidently from the inner room that was oocupied by bis wife, into whiob, as he was fully dressed, he at once rushed, with the result that he beheld her standimg in the centre of the empty ohamber, trembling from head to foot, and her eyes filled with a»strange expression of mingled horror and terror. The moon, which by this time had got round to the baok of the old bonse, leaving the fro&t; in deep darkness, shone through the dirt-grimed window with sufficient power to> show him all thie, causing him to exclaim— ' "Gracious heaven 1—what iB the matter?" "A dream — oh, a terrible dream — but, thank God, nothing more," she gasped, ' looking around her like a startled fawn the while; and then, with a half gasp and half groan ehe sank to the floor in a swoon. Stranraer could not tell what to think. He glanced in turn around the room; but it was quite empty, and there was no way into it but through bis own, the door of which he knew that he had locked on the inside. "It must have been a dream—indeed, it could not possibly have been anything else," the ohief therefore reflected to himself; and having come to this oonolnsion bis Beoond thought was how to restore Rose to consciousness. , .'. - But when he had knelt down and raised her head upon his lap, he was suddenly puzzled what to do next, for neither water nor burst feathers were at hand. Itetruckbimallatonce, however, that she was laced very tightly, and having read or heard somewhere or other that such a condition of things was dangerous to any one in a faint, he at once undid the front of her dress, and with elumsy because unaccustomed fingers soon managed to remedy at Ml events that fault. Yes, her respirations were certainly less laboured, for her lungs had now free play, si ths regular heaving of her chest sufficiently . testified, and Stranraer oame to the conclusion that time was all that was now required to bring her to herself. But in the meantime a curly lock of bright ohesnut hair had become reveded—a look wbioh had been enclosed in that most fair and sweet bosom ever since the evenifig when Rose had thought that for her parents' saks she weald marry Sir Harry Howarth on ths morrow, a fate from which she had been saved by Ruth's dire necessities rendering her only too willing to take ber place, as the readei will doubtless well remember. No sooner did Stranraer's gaze rest on the curl than he knew to whom it belonged—to whom it alone could belong—and, possemed of the knowledge, he lowered his wife's head gently down, and then he rose to his feet. Crossing over to the window he looked out f it with the expression of a man who has been half-stanned by a heavy blow, and tries to and yet can't at all clearly comprehend what has lately been o; in still happening. ThiB did not, howevar, continue fo£ mors than a minute or two, for then Stranraer reovered his faculties, and muttered to himself— "What soble—what disinterested conduct they both have shown. Loving her asjhe does this Leigh not only fought by my side and in my bebalf, but even ran his neck into an halter in order to preserve my life ; while she —heaven bless her—has dose fully as much, if not even more, considering that she is hardly more than a girl." He oast a glance that was certainly one of intense and despairing love (despite his still thoroughly believed in allegiance to the dead), upon the exquisitely lovely face and form that lay upon the bare floor just in front of him, and then continued to meditate, still half, aloud:— " But shall I be selfish enough to permit ot suoh o heroio self-sacrifice on either of their parts? No, a hundred times BO. I served ber, in a way, by making her my wife, but I shall serve her a hundred times better by making her my widow—now—aye, now tbat I am only a peril instead of a protection to her, and so shall I also fulfil my doom." Having oome to this oonolusionand decision, Stranraer drew from bis pocket a memorandum book, and wrote as follows on one of the blank pages ;— " My destiny propels me forward; I cannot choose but go. No one can resist the inevitable. It is my last—my dying desire that my wife in name, but whom I have ever regarded and treated as a dear and beloved sister, shall marry him who I feel assured is well worthy of her, as soon as ever the law has made ber my widow. My chief comfort during the past hour of my existenoe will be my belief that such a union will shortly be consummated, for then I shall not have laid down my life in vain. Yet another thing, let there be no more hiding, for with my departure it will bo no longer needed. My life is justly forfeited, so in heaven's name let my shoulders bear the burthen of others as well as my own, especially as the journey is now so short a one. Lancelot Leigh did not kill the Hanoverian soldier. I did it! He furthermore served me and assisted me, believing me the while sot to b« a traitor who had taken up arms againBt th« reigning dynasty, but an unfortunate and in. nocent gentleman who had been wrongly credited with doing so. I shall avow both these things when I reach and surrender myself up at that grim Tower by the Thamer whioh has for so lone a while been marked in the Book of Fate as the termination of my life's pilgrimage. So onoe more farewell, and may heaven reward you for your great and joint goodness to me, Aye, both in the present and in the future, aB it only can.—STBAN- BAEB." The foregoing entirely filled the little page, which Cameron now tore out of the book, and for a moment or two stood as though won. dering what he should do with it. He dared not allow himself muoh time wherain to determine, however, for Rose wag by now beginning to evince the most unmistakable signs (or at all events be thought BO) of returning oonsciousaess. He therefore quickly restored the glossy chestnut curl to its original repository, in order that ehe might never imagine that the sifghtof it bad influenced hie actions, and then fastening up the front of her dreBs muoh more deftly than be had undone it, because he was now filled with no painful apprehensions on her behalf, the accidental scratching of bis fingers with her cellar pin during'the prooesa suggested to him that it would afford an excellent method of attaching that which he had written to her skirt, and he forthwith did it in suoh a way that it was almost oertain to arrest her attention when reason, or at the latest when daylight, returned; after whioh he raised her haud to his lips, kissed it, and then stole noiselessly out of the room. _ In five minutes more he had crept just as silently out of the house, and within an hour he had left even Rochdale far behind him, f.nd was pressing steadily onwards towards London. 