AN INCIDENT FROM BORDERLAND. i. Is that cigar nil right, Probyn ? And tho toddy? You are aura? Bscause I am going to try your patience a little, old aliap. I have a bit of a yarn to'epin. Only— there is a surprise for you at the ond of it." "Then let ue oome to the surprise as fast as we oan, Houghton." : That is one of ths tilings that I like iiT Jaok Probyn. Willi an old ohum he never hesitates to speak straight out what he thinks, . Ho leaned baok in the armohair I had given him, end fixed his' eyos on tlio smoke climbing towards the ceiling. I do not mind admitting that his face exproised a shadoof patient resig nation. "All right," I assented ; "I will bs brief. You know that I have thie fine old housbat a ridiou- lous rent?" i ii "Because your-Iandlord is a fool. "Or because ho could not get anyone to pay more — nor, indeed, lot tho house at all, till I took it." " Ou account of the apparition, ghost, Bpint, spook, or tlio Lord knows what 1 Only you are not going to tell mo about that, Houghton, I hope. I am quite abto to understand tho tonant's asserting the thing to oxiBt, if that re duces the rent. But that anyone believes it, you will permit me to doubt." " The servants believo it, In oonscquouce of whioh nothing will persuade them to stay. You will admit that it is a nuisanco never to bs able to keep any domestics. I am reduced to my aolored man, I'ompey, who would not Jcavo mo .were I quartered in Hades. Fortunately tho boys arc at Oxford ; and as I have sont my wifo and the girls to Brighton, I manage somehow. You liavo heard, I presume, what my wife and tlio girls soy ? They liavu got the ghost a littlo 011 tho nerves.", "A littlo you call it ? You did quite right to pack them off. Women Imagine all aorts of things < when a notion onoe gets Into their heads." . " Only I am getting rather siok of it all ; that Is why I want to talk to you about it." " Well, -I take it you have not,, seen, the gllOSt?" " :.:>! ' "The first time I didso I took a blue pill. . Probyn removed his oigsr from his lips. "Don't be an ass, Houghton." "A man Is not an ass becauso ha takes a blue pill. And wlicu it happened again-I went at onoe to see. my : medical man. A -man has .no right to.sss things. of that kiDd.'? ".; " Certainly ?- not, I should say." ' I noticed, that he was fidgeting .with 'hie shoulders. ' - ; . ; . . ; " Do you fool a draught ?" I asked. ; >"; — "No, but I fanoy it is rather cold.?'- i-' i . I put some mors ouals on the fire. ? ' " What did tho doctor say ? i " I am a: littlo curious to hear that," asked Probyn, as I re- aumed my scat. "Asked a lot of questions, and seemed a good doal puzzled. I could not make out tbat lie understood what had happened any hotter than I did." "Doctor seems to bolong to the same class as landlord. I should ohango him.". .' ; " I thought of that, too. Than, to out it short,. I got him to oome round hero one even ing, when it appoared that be was as muoh in need of medioal treatment as myjelf." " You don't mean that he saw tho spook, too?" "He did. Though ho attempted afterwards to deny it, and.was as savage about the whole business as a bear." Probyn broko into a frank roar of laughter. When it ended, I asked, " Would you mind looking behind you, in tho direction of the bookshelves on your right ?" For the last three or four minutes I had seen seated there, on somothing resembling tlio dim' outline of a high backed chair, a shadowy form with whioh I was beooming tolerably familiar. It was tbat of an old gentleman, with a pale, thin face, who wore a puoo colored coat that bad wide lappets and skirts trimmed with gold lace, a flowered satin waistcoat, a white cravat with Iaotd ends, silk Itneo breoolies nnd stocking:, and shoos witli buckles. His hair was powdered and tied at tho back with a ribbon. Tho oolors of his garments wero n little difficult to dis tinguish. Thoy seemed to aome end go liko an unocrtain light that eludes the eye?. But tils pals, translucent figure, and the darker, ! tall backed ohair, were very oloariy | definod, although tho floor and tha wall beyond could be plainly seen through them. The I old man's thin hands rested upon a gold headed i onno. Now and then ha would rest his poiutcd' chin upon thsm. At suoh moments tlio light in his eyes appeared to me to beoome more die- tinot, and to turn in different directions, as if he wis looking about the room. Otherwise ho | never moved. | "By jove !" exclaimed Probyn. "I say, | Houghton, bow is that done ?" He continued to smoke -whilst looking at tho shadowy figure, perfeotly at his ease; - That is another thing I like in Jaok Probyn : nothing I ever disturbs his astounding mental equilibrium. Tbo old man dropped his chin upon, the top of hie cane, and returned hiB regard. ' " On my soul, Houghtou, that's ; damned clever," said Probyn. " How the deuoe do you manogoit?" Ho was looking round liira, in searoh of aomo explanation of an optioal delusion. Finding none, he rose and began walking about the room, turning bis bead to see whether the figure always remained visible. " You can walk through him, 'if you like," I remarked. "You will Hud it rather cold; tbat is all." . , r.; He immediaialy aoted on-, my suggestion.- - " That waa a dsuaed queer sensation," lie re marked, after making,the experiment. " Have you tried with' a thermometer ? Does it go down, if you put it into him ?" "It does not. ? I tried." "Look here, would you mind leaving the room for a minute, Houghton?" "Not at all." On my return I asked, " Well ?", " I fanoisd it depended on your presence. ' I BOO It does nob ' If wo lower the. gas— Ah 1" — ho had done ao as bo spoke — " now ho is hot so clear." " Walt till your eyes are accustomed to the gloom." "By Jove, you are right. Ho is more distinct than ever, only you can't see the color of his clothes so well.' How is it dohr, Houghton? " " That is what I want to know." Ho was going round ths room, looking undtr ths chairs and tables, and moving tho furni ture. "It fairly beats me," ho said at last with a laugh. ... . . " Let us go into the dintugroom then. Be; cause it iB rather eold here, ia it not ? We can come baok by-and-bye, if you like. He will bo here until thrco o'clock In the morning." " i" In the diningrooni Probyn refilled his glass, and lit another oigar ; we bad brought the olgara and apirits.with us.,. Then, leaning hie shoulders against: the ohimnoypiece, he said, " That is about the cleverest thing I have ever seen, Houghton.. But tell me straight,, old oliap— because I shall tako your word, you know —it is not an optioal dodge, but .1 am under some influenco— bypnotlo, or mosmsrib, or something of that kind?" " Nut at all." . "Thsre' 1b some hanky-panky, old bliap?" " None. You have simply seen what al! the rest have seen ; what the doctor saw ; what anv one may see in ths library from olevsn o'clock on Saturday evening till three on Sunday morn ing—that is tho old boy'a time. I havo watolied him for somo weeks now, lind know." " On your word of honor, old chap?" On my word of honor." Probyn sat down, and smoked for Bomo minutos in silenco. "Then I have seen a ghost," he Baid at last. " I did not believe that it » seems that it is possible. "I do not say tbat it is - that it is there ; that I chooses, and that I cannot secouM|""»Si Again Probyn was silent r? f" it' ill Then ho asked, "n. c'.J| Houghton?" ou 'Mm t,'||8 :;Yos. I asked him hi, Mme» H "Dul he answer?" ' H "I fanoied I beard a sort „r . M air ; junt as if ,omcoil(! But you know that vulgar house to bo hauntod by a <' "mtniH who lived hero in tbo E'-sfil deceived,'" A"J 1 ibiy. Thatw..„lyoncwll((J no»o "You have not had tbo lin/.."1 H spot where he aits ? Or received ,«P. Hi " W him about what ho wants' U i pointing toa oklnk iniu Ju" 0,1 41 eamgmunda lie conceal, d, „t aajS , " 1 "Rf to say that he lias not p.i . S haye the floor up. I insislad that ih.» W esoape of gas, or of soinctliing. and go -down twenty feet to find It a? found noting. t And I paid, long fo'ly- : I fancy I deserved it, voa U." ® Ptrhapi you did doserve it. Wu. , H was nonsense. " " ' w He' had risen, and was agsin ilssd!,, uM the fire, smukiug meditatively, ! © am thinking, Hongbto'n," h. „,l4 R if tor a minute or two, "yourlaodlordSM There .oannot bo two opicion. rea ghost?' WttU J0U ,;,"Taklng' into oonsidoration the eld ,„.H man in tho next room, I don't tliinki .TB 1 m,8"giV# Yes; but how many people do joe,,,; thsre are in London who would riva l.. ..''W on; the nail' without an instant's hesitstiisB see a real apparition ? Don't you pcrcsirefiB there is' mon.y in that old gentleman.® next room ? Why, Houghton, you mist! ,,li fortuuo out of !iim." I roplie'd that I did not aeecswtljbtiJi was to ua done II You cannot do it Alone," admitted TrcVrS "We must get hold of onoof Impostors, who knows all the patter, achS work the wholo concern in a impem; 9JH Deuca tako it, man, oannot yon iee tlnj'S grand? You have a show hrietUUrB raako tho fortune of any Spiritu&lUt; is iJl don," g And .gently pushing off h!d cigar n«b ipifl the odgo of tho mantelpiece, tie added, "MB of tho things whioh has always cantiotdfl that thoro ara no lmunttd houses is tin that might bo made out of uoc, if itcS is tod." g m. I When Probyn has ones taken a notion his head there in no getting it out again. Ibl hoped that he might assist me to be (id ci jB nootumal viflitor. Instead, be had arrireifl the oonolusion that our old gcatlcmiiDrun guest of the profitable kind. I didnotmifi But I had to let him imve his own "ifiuS after all, the result proved sAtisfictorp' ltd before that found things placed in Jack Fr<jiS hands turn out satisfactorily, even wlirtilktfl anticipated it. For which reasons 1 the moro easily to his proposal-i. B Lut I need not entor into the mmi flfl our choice of a u medium " finally fell vl the oolehrated Profcaior Sobi«"Zcniulu. Vfl attended a stance conduoted by the |irdnB (for .whioh' privilego we paid hamUomelj), iJ he certainly showed us some first clan pauky, V Oniy.heU not in it witbu', ITst-H ton," said Probyn. Kevertliolw, wepuePaB feasor Sobiefizezaaski to umlcrNtaad tbatvebl been very much impressed. (I waiveiyavfl .impressed by his patter, which wsHutynl markable.) And. wo left him, I arc surf, ioiifl enjoyment of an agreeable conviction tbihfl wero going. to let ourselves ba Ik-ecrd for which reason ho also accepted An iiuiubl to dine with mo on the following SatuiJsp I It was aboi\t hftlf-past 10 when ae Etja from the dlnlngioom to the libr.try to Atccbfl Of course Probyn was with us. During desfl ho had hung with great attuntion uiou words of wisdom as Prufcanor Sob;«»tfAw| vouohaafed u?. Thvy were not too mstyifa the fellow was an accomplished irrpwl Nature herself had lent her nsaistAnce telfl success in that direction. In person be vufi tall man, whose olosely shorn and sallow framed in his long xtraordinory (dyed, I think), assisted the power to ? km attention of a singularly expiowive moum,uj qaoer, dark, rostlcss eyes, that could, otiose, fasten upon one with a uisag'Wjf fixity But his great gift was a vated - voice, in whioh bo could tAlVinujpJ ocnt rouuded poriodi, and with Anairofn)Jr| knowledge, upon all the most awuuw jj tlons of human philosophy and psycliolrgy- waa .nover for a moment at a ally ho made hidooua blunders tbitpro jj crass Ignorance of history, Hcicnce aDO_ fri thing else. But he was nover daunted. prosumine upon the still profousiist it" ot his hearers, he oontinueilto r0"0"'', I periods until ho reached whstiovcr pie-"« I paradox he pleosed. It waa not '" ... J patter of bis tribe. It was cqusHy tg and nonsensical, but ws: couo!ifJ o i| of ills own. Ho spoke with ri'l!'c,u-J will not say that it was not a 1 oliik o»«. J unacquainted with that tongue. 1»« J to ms to bolong to a land a e00|l D I English Channel. , .1 Towards the end of oi'poa'S "I dropped one or two hints that tl J were in was said to be hsunt (k TW Sobitzezanski was instantly on b» ,J assured us that "Thoogb manifs J undoubtedly to bo looked for ,J intervention of a icsponaive I ignorant rumors, based upon 11 U|J aoquaintanoo with the Uws of the i agencies, oould not bo aocepUd a> "la" any spiritual presence." Itjl AVe found that lie did not smoke, he accept anythingin the slispo of " rrebynrh.d pUo.d him ho had himself oooupied on the evsoi i j introduoed Sir Simon to him, again to talk about the «" Tho great Spiritualist smiled. , "An apparition seen by tuo m presumably??!! he i suggosjed. , "By some of them, I ll''i, |? (no Profosior Sobioszozanski took a sP petit verrt. , "that » "Ii ia singular,' lie romiuK.il, (U1ji the odylio forcos'ncoesssry to evoke g, spiritual personality are a in c((0 1„ Ik initiated to he of rare ocon ren e e„ greatost mediums, every cluno" PgrcaQdi,tiBotly...e an ® «lilin;" ... i„ not so easy, even when tho Rjfc 'th» 1" fi'V'u'.iv so 1 But bow do yon know Syoudonv it?" . ... I nnqsessci ft susceptibility to |s:fer,K',s fc«.uiUpP«' l)ispc''t ver« that h« waa rather cold hero?"' asked Kpontyoot /eel chilly, Professor IiySe v, T ' ' H®" hVps, a little chilly; But the night Rife There hs would bd faoo to; face with K'HImibI over, and was oh -the -point. of W" whon lio gave a Hidden start. Eon Die'n 1 What is that?!' .' i- v; E .allow face wa. the eolor of aah.!. , He. Kiirid.and for a moment T, believed ho Kfj hi , and put ont my hands to suvahim. Bo eit nj his dignity to tho wind-, ho jumped Bidden agility over the ohair.onwh.chl R ||„n aeated, nnd made, a bolt, for the Bob/a and I had taken the precaution ' of Bopw'tbe door, open tho door !» . ' ' Kit itood in the corner, shaking ,w|tli tear, Kblinz at the handle and quite., unoonaoiou., |g fright, that the key had., been', turnod in Blsm afraid that you aro not ; feollng well, KlmprSobierzczanski," I said, opining to him. Bmened the door, and ho shot out of, tho room Rio snow. Ho would, I believe,, hove bolted B, its house, if he had not been too oonfuaod Enow were his lint and oont wore, or ' which E the wey to tho frout door. As it was we Shim into the diuingroora. There I thought Hfillow would have fainted, Biobvn made him drink a stiff glass of brandy H astrr. That pulled him together a little. Hi im afraid you hare nevor teen a real <t before, Professor Sobiiizczanski,'" snid E"/'n'leaniiig back against the aidahoard Kkio; rery complacently. be l'rofeisor lookod at him and then at ma. Hi was fairly dialled— and be knew it. I am riDced that ho must hare been in other Hilei of the same kind before, because he He out of this ono so neatly. You took rae so completely by surprise," he Harked, Had be held out his bund for the brandy, Rtb stood by Probyn on the sideboard, gfiobyn pasted it bim, nnd also offered his far case. EJ'Tlianks, said tho Professor, and at onoe HKptid a weed. B1 l'eu took me completely by surprise, " be Muted, with n smiis of a very paonliarkind, as linen the vesta Probyn bnd banded him into Blue, nnd crossed his legs unceremoniously, Hht pulling a great cloud of smoke. "That clever, too, I should like to see it done Min praiently. Only, of course, this is enfrc ft1. I mean " BOb, we perfeotly understand," returned Bbyn. " We are not going to blab. It isnot cm." Bbe Profeiior looked relieved. ' You tee, Sobieszczanski," continued Pro- B, "yours is very pretty hanky-panky. You Bored us very tolerably the other evening." Ob, but you know, there ie really something Ht," replied the profesHor. "There are super- Hani agencies against whose " RYou can jutt stow all that, profeseor, at Br," interrupted Probyn, now taking n seat at II lable opposito him. "Your show is all Hgt; and you know it. But you aro a first |ni ibowman, and that iB why we want to glbuiineis to you ; business, you understand, gjit ne bare hers is a real apparition. It is a gMoiOc.eut opening, but wo don't sea our way jlyorkil. That is why we want you to come sj&ith; us, and do the show proporly." What do you mean by n real apparition !" Haired Sobieszczamki. gjThs house is haunted. That is & renl ghost bJiiw in the other room. He is there every Spudiy, from 11 o'olook in the evening till 3 BjSundsy morning," sfrofi'ior Sobieszczanski took his cigar from |jmoutb, and poked his tongue into his thin »ik. Tho action waa vulgar, but expres- |f l understand your disbelieving it, Professor Mkuciiasli," 1 remarked, " but I assure you gjtiuch is the case. You are at liberty to ®i here any Saturday night you plenso to SB1'? joursolf." tfOalyyou dou't blow, the gaff j and when waaicsatisfiidlyouriolf, you go into the busi- Iff us, added Probyn, ? If not, we shall talk to Dr. Harris," I Con s'' - , Slut made tho profsBsor think. Dr. Harris g "inning him very close. Hf 111 go nnd look at it again," he said at last. jfiy VimaD minutes must 'I give you to get liber, i. nothing to get ready." M profeisor regarded ue miotruetf uliy, "Bat £ ? 8?a I'"11 »t his glass, and said, " I'll ffif once, then," |;riCt,l'nicci together to the library. As wa I chin i ,t0?m ,tlle 'd gentleman dropped Snt ? "I" hands nnd regarded us.' - BWeuezeoski stood looking'nt him; ' ffi ii tho beet illusion I have aver seen," ho 8',n6 'ouud the room just as Pro- icli mn ' h"t scrutinising everything in a Piofoieionil way, Eohit .. 1 '"jsh him," said. Probyn. ' ' /' ' Iy„i! hzatl,l ,0> eud oame back to us, " - ptatauS0,, us Rl1'" bB in :ne' I I'll I ' "hed. -,i. .. ; loVsCm.t,llou,,ndP0,ma» toknowhowit ITL m" kflf professor. - ply it r'"?11 3"m would," replied Probyn; I I A' ot d®;» at all. You have at last wtobiallnn, fke question is what will you Ldey night'" 8 a maI1 hce ou Iv'tomii,0' r hdgetted in hi. ohair.' Ho Fqaite abla in I1® trick« of own trado to fother h«n i w# toi<l him. On l«ls to 6 hud talked too muoh about Jisgc Was out l diabolieve in them ; and Uc. jj-i. 'dently not his loading aharaotcr- ?»nnmu«iiS ' wholly irresoluto, ho & by his of b rotn drawn one f H you fnnif "n unother by his oupidity. 1" funk it," „»ia Probyn, "we'll goto I'AU tic),; 80 ' Hurt in." I'oitssor n UB come to terms." to temiMri uhowod an incllna- io e much L'" helieve now that the man $ '"midii-si,?1 reter fright than we auspsoted. 'nil »!,„ 'fuuntity of spirite that he had «neu ui I- , 'epsened 'his tongue, and he M 't lilt h« ii.,u '? .,ora "f his rodomontade, v treed to pay 10 guineas for tho privilege of briiiging a email, select party to the house on the following Saturday. It is dirt olioap, and we shall not lot you come on those terms a etooud time, you know," snid Probyn. _ 1 bed doubts whether he would coma nt all. Probyn laughed at me. And he wae right. 1 he professor's oupidity was more Dowerful than his fours. He arrived at about a quarter- pas ten with- his party, eight ladies and two gentlemen ; not very intelleotual speolmone of iiumnnity. "Giro mo a glass of something sliff," he gaspsd, coming into tho diningroom, "or I shall never get through it.'! , . " Take 'euro ; you aro pretty well on already, you know, observed Probyue'1 " i, T!n a,,istant W4' urranging the apootatora in tue library . ' . V'W" ou6j1 to have something preliminary : a few moiiifestationR of tho ordinary kind, to lead up tothe final materialisation)" saidSobieB sozanski Another time I'll v arrango a llttU show, just to work up the effect. I can't tonight - I must ho content with spoaking a few words. If It comes off, anyhow Harris will be nowhere." ' The perspiration was standing in beads on his forehead. ' AVo proooeded to tho library, and tbo pro fessor spoke bis fow words. Speakiug whon he was tnoro than half-seas over was evidently not new to him. A silence of breathless expecta tion followed. Stepping back to where we stood, behind tho semiouolo of seated w&tohers;, the professor placsu himself by our side, and bsgan wiping the perspiration from his for.htad. Ha was as white as a shoot, and shaking like an aspen. One of the women saw Sir Simon fiiat, and gave sucli a shriek as I never hoard in my lifs. I wo miuutss afterwards we ware engagod in carrying out of ths library four others who had fainted. Tho situation was ons perfeotly familiar to tiio professor and his assistant, and caused them no embarraasmoiit j indeed, I am convinced that tho professor was glad of tbo oxouso for leaving the haunfed room. Our old gentloman was evidently surprised by the number of his visitors, nnd had immediately dropped his chin on his hands. Ho seemed to me, also, anything but pleased. . We got rid of our party beforo midnight. Sobieszczauski was as sober as a judge, and in high spirits. "It will ho all ovor tho place to-morrow, and Harris will ho fit to oat his hat," he said. But the real liancc was reserved for Probyn nnd myself. As w returned to the diningroom after look ing tho front door— I, witli Sobleszczanski'a ohequo for 10 guineas in my hand— what was my surprise to s«o Sir Simon standing at the open door of the library 1 " Huilon, Sir Simon I" exclaimed Probyn. Tho shadowy old man turned to mo. "I am not going to be treated liko this, sir ; to be made a speotaole of in my own house," I hoard him say distinctly and angrily, in that thin voice of tho dead who, according to Sbakepeare, oan but " gibber and squoak." I made a bow. "I beg your pardon, Sir Simon, I am tho tenant of Hi. house. I oan show yon my land lord's agreement, and his receipt for my last quarter's rent. If you insist upon occupying on. of our mo9t convenient rooms, and making us all very unoomtortable, it is at least fair that you should contributo something towaids the rent— and other expenses." I showed him the oheque. " I am not going to bo mad. a spsotaele of for money, sir 1" retorted the thin voice. W left him, and lighted our oigari in the diningroom. ".The old boy is put out," remarked Piobyn prosently, whilst we disoussed the events of th. evening. " I wonder whether he has gone back to his ohair." ,. He left the room, and in a minute returned with the intelligence, "Sir Simon has dis appeared ! " "What is the time?" " Only half-pait twelve." And we never eaw bim again, though Probyn and I wntohed for him for weekB, until we were eouvinced that ht bad taken his final departure. Whtn the hope, or ftar, of his reappsaraace was ovor Professor Sobieszczanski wept. "I had that charlatan Harrison toast," ho said. "And now he is going ebout saying it was a mero optioal delusion, liks bis own con temptible dodges." For my part, I gave the 10 guineas to a hospital, and was glad to be relievtd of tho old gentlemen. But ths other day when I was talking to Probyn about it, he Baid, "Wo made a pair of fools of ourselves over that business, Houghton. Wo killed the goose with the golden eggs. To think what might have bssn made out of that old boy if ho had been proporly managed ! " 