THE INTERCOLONIAL EIGHTS. PICNIC TO THE BAY The members of the crews who on Saturday last took part in the Inter- colonial eight oarcontest were enter- tained at a picnic to the bay yesterday by the Attorney General (Hon T. J. Byrnes) and Mr Callan M.L.A. Both these gentlemen take a warm interest in rowing and other athletic sports, and their invitation was generally availed of. Nearly all the members of the visiting crews as well as the Queensland crew were present, together with the coaches Messrs Upward Quist and De Little Messers. Powell and Slack, scullers, and other visitors from the South. Among other gentlemen present were the Colonial Secretary (Hon. H Tozer), the Hon. E. B. Forrest, M.L.C., Messrs. J Mathieson G.Baynes, E.Baynes, P.Frankel, E. Winter, R. J. Leeper and others. The company must have numbered between fifty and sixty. The weather was all that could be desired for a trip to the Bay, the wind which blew all day being just cold enough to make a day on the water pleasant. Messrs. Byrnes and Callan received their guests on board the Lucinda at the Queen's Wharf at 11 o'clock. The run down to the bay was most enjoyable, and the light westerly wind which was blowing was certainly appreciated by the Victorians and New South Wales men who had while under- going training complained of the summer weather on more than one occasion About 2 o'clock the Lucinda was anchored opposite St Helena wharf and an excellent luncheon was laid out on deck under the supervision of Mr. Baldwin of the Parliamentary Refresh- ment Rooms. Full justice was done to this and subsequently several toasts were honoured. Mr. Byrnes who occupied the chair proposed "The Healths of the Visiting Crews and the Visiting Scullers." In doing so he said it afforded him very great pleasure to preside at that gather- ing of rowing men and rowing enthu- siasts. Three years ago he had the op- portunity of meeting many of the row- ing men of Australia, and it had given him much satisfaction on this occasion to renew the acquaintance of some of them and to make new acquaintances He thought they could all join in con- gratulating themselves and the rowing community generally in Australia on the satisfactory exhibition of rowing given on the Brisbane River last Saturday. (Applause) Personally he might have wished for a different result, but after all that was a small thing compared with the great interests of rowing, for as faras Queensland was concerned and he might say the same of New South Wales they could put up with a beating. He believed that if the Queensland crew could be kept together the positions at the next intercolonial contest might be re- versed and he was sure the other colonies would be glad to see a young rowing community like that of Queens- land carrying off the honours, (Ap- plause) He considered he would not be doing his duty if he did not call attention to one mat- ter in connection with the race last Saturday for which he thought the Queenslanders were to a certain ex- tent responsible. He referred to the want of punctuality in starting the race. He hoped in the interests of rowing that in all future contests, whether in Brisbane or elsewhere, engagements with the public would be kept as far as possible - (applause) - for after all sport depended for its success on the support of the public and that support could not be expected unless the convenience of the public was taken into account in a matter of this kind. That was the only element of criticism he wished to import into his remarks. Passing to consider the more pleasant things connected with the visit of the Southern crews he was very pleased to see them again in Queensland. He was especially pleased to see Mr.Upward, who stood worthily at the head of Australian amateur row- ing and he hoped that when Southern crews again visited this colony they would once more find Mr Upward assist- ing his own colony by his counsel and the other colonies by his presence. He heartily congratulated the Victorian crew on their victory; they deserved to win and they rowed a splendid race. (Applause) But although the Victorian crew won the race he thought the greatest honours on the present occa- sion were due to their friend from New South Wales. (Applause) On the two occasions a New South Wales crew had come to compete in Brisbane waters cri- tical friends had told the public that thev had not the ghost of a show; but they rowed as fine a race as was ever rowed by any crew. Apart from that there was another circumstance in con- nection with the race which was not likely to be forgotten. If It had not been for the attitude taken up by Mr. Quist and the loyal support given to him by the crew the New South Wales men would not have been in the race at all ( Applause ) and if the New South Wales crew had not competed in the race one of the greatest blows it was possible to deal would have been given to amateur rowing in Australia, and possibly an end would have been made of these intercolonial contests. Cer- tainly the whole of the interest in the re- cent race would have been taken away All honour was due to Mr. Quist and the New South Wales crew, and all respect to their judgement for having arrived at the conclusion they did. ( Ap- plause). Personally he did not think there was anything in the point raised by the New South Wales Association. To his mind it would be an absurd thing for an oarsman to be disqualified from taking part in a race because he had done something in an entirely different branch of sport which might have made him technically a professional in that branch of sport. So far as rowing was concerned the gentlemen who came here were amateurs and Mr.Quist and his crew had acted in a true sportsmanlike manner. Nobody wished more than he did to preserve for sport its amateur character, but he looked with great con- cern upon the artificial definitions at- tempted to be introduced into rowing. He regarded a professional as a man who made his living by a particular kind of sport in which he indulged, and he regarded it as ridiculous that a man who made his living by manual labour should be excluded from taking part in rowing contests. (Applause) Some endeavour should be made to come to a decision in matters like these which would be applicable to the whole of Australia. He hoped the visitors would carry away with them pleasant recollec- tions of their visit to Queensland. (Ap- plause ) Mr.Quist replying on behalf of New South Wales, said the visitors had been treated in the most hospitable manner since their arrival in the colony. With regard to the stand taken by the New South Wales Association, he never thought for a moment that it would have been resolved upon. So far as the race was concerned, the hearts of the crew were in it and they did their very utmost to win but they met a better crew and he was not ashamed to ac- knowledge it. He could not see how the New South Wales Association could take the step they did, as objection could easily have been raised before in the matter. There was no code of rules in existence for governing these inter- colonial races, and therefore they were obliged to full back on the rules belong- ing to the dlfferent colonies, and these were in effect that each colony com- peted against men who were recognised as amateurs in the colony to which they belonged. His association would cen- sure him, but he did not consider it sportsmanlike that objection should have been taken at the last moment. the race was the grandest he had ever witnessed. He hoped the New South Wales rowers would have the privelege of returning the hospitality which had been shown in Queensland to the New South Wales crew. (Applause). Mr. E. A. Pearson, New South Wales stroke, also replied. Mr. Upward also expressed apprecia- tion of the hospitality which had been extended to the Victorian crew. It was pleasing to him to see that influential citizens of Queensland encouraged row- ing, and that their support was appre- ciated by the rowing men. It was cer- tainly a surprise to him that Brisbane possessed such a splendid river. These intercolonial contests were purely for honour, and he hoped they would so con- tinue-(applause)-and in conducting them too high a sense of honour could not be exercised. The present contest had been conducted with a high sense of honour, and he congratulated Mr. Quist and his crew on the sportsmanlike way in which they acted. The Vic- torians did not row so well as he ex- pected them to do. but he never wit- nessed a finer race over a three-mile course that that on Saturday last. (Ap- plause.) Mr. Donald, stroke of the Victorian crew, also responded. Mr. Tozer proposed " The Health of the Queensland Crew." The members of the present Government, he said, had done all they possibly could in the past to encourage friendly rivalry In sport between Queensland and the other colonies, and they would continue to lend their help in the future In a similar way. So far as the Queensland crew was concerned, he was only echoing public opinion when he said that they did well. It was practically a Brisbane crew, and it must not be forgotten that in a colony of large area like Queens- land, with a scattered population, there was not so great a number of' rowers to choose from as in the Southern colonies ; while rowing was not so old a sport as In the South. No race which he had witnessed-and he had seen many races in the colonies and some in Eng- land-gave him more interest than the one on Saturday last. It reflected credit on all who took part in it. (Applause.) He hoped the reverse last Saturday would stimulate the Queensland men to further exertions, that they would learn more of the science of rowing, and that on the occasion of the next intercolonial contest they would prove the victors. (.Applause.) Mr. De Little replied. He hoped that the next intercolonial contest would be taken part in by a South Australian crew. The healths of the visiting scullers were also proposed, to which Mr. Powell re- plied. Other toasts followed. , The trip up the river was also most 'enjoyable, and the Lucinda reached the Queen's Wharf about half-past 5 o'clock. The visitors gave ringing cheers for Messrs. Byrnes and Callan before separating. NEW SOUTH WALES'S PROTEST The " S. M. Herald" of Saturday last contains the following :-The disagree- ment between the New South Wales and Victorian Rowing Associations whether a cyclist who had competed for a money prize was eligible to com- pete in the Intercolonial Eight-oar Race was accentuated yesterday by an order from the New South Wales Association to its crew in Brisbane not to start in the race if the man objected to was not removed from the Victorian boat. This action was taken by an adjourned meeting of the association, which was held in the Oxford Hotel yesterday after- noon. Mr. E. M. Dietrich presided, and the Sydney, Mercantile, East Sydney, North Shore, University, Balmain, and Balmain Enterprise Olubs were repre- sented. Mr. C. H.Helsham reported that he had carried out the instructions of the last meeting with regard to pro- testing against Dawson to the Victorian and, Queensland Associations on the ground that he was not an amateur under the rules. the secretary of the Queensland Association had replied : "Meeting last night (15thMay). Vic- torian crew all amateurs according to their definition. Quist. Upward at- tended. Former stated Wales crew will start at all hazards. Queensland no objection to Victorian crew. Matter must be settled after the race." The fol- lowing telegrams were read from the Melbourne Association,: - "Protest re Dawson does not, in our opinion, hold good. We consider him an amateur under the rules of this association. Crew selected under agreement." (In answer to question whether Dawson had competed In a cash bicycle race.) "Yes. Dawson has competed cash bi- cycle race." " Cannot discover any (ruling recorded by Victorian Associa- tion re cash cyclist competing as ama- teur). Legal members (of association) state we cannot debar cyclists as rules present stand." A long and desultory discussion took place as to the course the association should take. Mr. H. Braddon (Svdney) was clearly of opinion that the New South Wales crew could not row. Dawson, according to the rules even of the Victorian Association, which were the same as those of the definition agreed to at the conference in 1888, was not an amateur. In those rules it was stated that any man who had ever competed in " any open competition for a stake, money, or entrance fee" was not an amateur. To his mind any open com- petition included a bicycle race, and it was not confined to rowing events only. Mr. Horniman (North Shore) was of the same opinion. The men, if they rowed, would need reinstatement when they returned to Sydney. Mr. J. Blackman (Mercantile) could not agree with the representatives of North Shore and Syd- ney. Dawson was clearly an amateur under the Victorian definition. His status in Melbourne had never been questioned. His opinion was that the association ought only to utter a strong protest, and settle the matter after the race. It was a well-known fact that New Zealand oarsmen, who had rowed for a money prize, but who were amateurs under the New Zealand defini- tion, had been allowed to compete in Sydney as amateurs. He proposed that a telegram should be sent to the mana- gers of the crewinstructing them to offer a strong protest against Dawson, but to start In the race, as the matter could be thrashed out afterwards. Mr. Kennedy said that if Mr. Blackman's motion were carried it might be the cause of a great deal of trouble to the associat¡on in the future. Mr. Black- man withdrew his motion, and then to bring the matter to a close Mr. Braddon moved,-"That unless Mr. Dawson be removed the crew is not to compete." The motion was carried by seven votes to five votes. The question now arises, will the crew obey the association ? It is almost certain that the crew will start, as Mr. Quist said, at all hazards. It is not all likely that these eight men will give up the race on such a flimsy ground after having spent eight weeks in training, and having made many sacrifices to go through that training. This was felt by at least half of the com- mittee. One Indeed said thal he voted against the crew starting as a matter of principle, but that if he were in Bris- bane he would certainly start. Another member said that if the association had backed down it would have shown a want of backbone. But it must be re- membered that in Victoria the cyclist who races for cash is as much an ama- teur as the boat owner who races for cash, so that in the Southern colony he is differently situated to New South Wales, where a cyclist who competes for money is a professional, while a boat owner Is an amateur, although he may have won many pounds in racing. 