A, S H O R T STORY. TRANSFORMED. PART 110 BT F.I.I.V Clllil.VI.n G001MVIN. " Then you are noting "Hinted wito usual - laid Dexter, disappointed, A ehndo pinned over hm face. ' No, I am not acqutiotud with Ot-lia Aldington. I have not seen her niuce sbe waa ooijild," replied he, in a low tone. "Hucyousaw her then 1" cried D.-iter, n ith 1 joy at tnie new bond betweeti tneui. You Will be interebled to know buff lovely she ie now, and will let uie talk to you about her, will you not I She will seem nearer to me, aud not en utterly lost, if I may." " Yep, jee I" said Mr. Ellison, OBgcrly. Tell mo all you know ot iitr I" Tutn be looked Boarchiniily at him, and suddenly beld out his hand, and eaid earnestly, "You love her. I will do all in my power to htlp you unravel tbe mystery that separatee you. Dtilcr preened bis hand warmly, and found, some way* a little comfort in tbe words. As Mr. Elijsba did not explain further in regard to bis acquaintance with Jerome Aldington, Dext&i; foreboie to question him. ; /' But alter jcbia the' talk between them was always of Cel:u. Tbe clBer IDBD ieemed never weary of listening, any more than the younger was of tallcing. But neither could find a cluo to the enigma ot her strange decision, —- 1 "I do not believe tho reason is a real one, though she, poor child, btlievcs it 10 be," Mr. Ellison said many times. ''It is eomething he has made ber think—though what— or why " And hr.ro ho would fall into a reverie, and a dark frown would eome over his faae, fie advifed D.iter, howover, to ascertain Mr. Addington'e whereabouts, it possible; and, altbougb the youDg man oould see no good which would result it bo learned them, eince Celia bad declared her resolve unalterable, he finally wrote to his father, requesting him to find out where the AddingtonB had gone if he oould, or any guide to tbeir present abode. Having deepatohed; this letter, ho grew so impatient for a reply that he oould hardly wait the necui>sary interval. As little hope as there seemed in any event tbe fact of knowing just where Celia was would briug her a trine nearer to him, eincc it was better than nothing to be certain of her whereabouts. lie was doomed to disappointment, however. liis father replied promptly, and utated (hat ho had found aDd qjEBlhned Mr. Addington's lawjer, but that be *aid he was uuaiquaintcd with his former client's prceeut place of residence; that he had at first gone to New York, but bad afterward moved from that oily, since when all business relations bad '.-eased between them. Mr. Hsilwick added to bis own opinion that the lawyer's manner was evasive, and that it was evident Mr. Addington, for some reason, did not wish it generally known where he had gone. Dexter took this letter rather gloomily to his friend. " As I thought," the latter remarked, when be bad read it. "Jerome Aldington fears you, and has taken precautions to prevent your following him, should you wish to do so. He is determined to keep you and Celia apart. B it do not be discouraged, my dear boy. We will find him out yet." " But how ?" asked Dexter. Mr. Ellison reBeoted. "I tbink I will writo to this lawyer," ho replied, at lengtb. " It is probable Mr. Addicgton'8 instructions related particularly to those who might have any connection with you. If I, a etranger from a distant city, write to him, I may obtain some informs thm." "And it you do ascertain where she ivf what then!'' asked Dexter, wUtfully. Mr. EUUon laid his hand on his shoulder as he responded kindly:— " We will be guided by oircumstanoes. have a plan which I will disclose when the proper time shall eome. Uutil we have tried do not despair." His assured manner made Dexter feel a little hopeful. " How oau I ever repay you if you should ba the moane of giving my darling baok to me!" be oried with an outburst of feeliog. Mr. Ellison replied only by an enigmatical look which Dexter could not fathom. Yet it some way seemed to add to hia confidence in hia new'frEend's power. The letter was written at once, and Dexter had just dropped it into a poat-office box, and waa about to cross the street, when his heart Buddenly stood etill, tbon beat again in heavy thumps, ir'or, walking slowly along on the opposito side of the street, he saw Mr. Addington and Celia I Neither observed him, and Dexter gazed again on that dear face from which the formor warm color bad gono, and could see how melancholy bad changed places with, the old misohievousneis in her dark oyes. A horse's head in alose proximity to bis own roueed him to a sense of his environments, and, stopping not to bear tho curses of tbe driver, Dexter rushed across the eticat, and followed on after Celia and Mr. Addington, keeping, however, at a safe and cautious distance. Uia heart bled at the ravages tho past few months had mado upon ber he loved so well, and notwithstanding the air of devotion whtoh was apparent in Mr. Addington, Dexter felt hatred toward him as the cause. But bo was surprised at oatohiag a look of questioning fear upon Celia'e face once when she turned it toward Mr. Addington. lie had never before seen anything but confidence and affection in her regard. What eonld it mean ? Was it a sequonos of the mystery 1 Ho followed them until they turned into a side street, then Stood at the corner long enough to mark tho house at whioh tbey entered; after which be hurried baok to Mr. Ellison's place ot business, and hurriedly and somewhat inooberenlly informed him ot what Mr. Ellison's exoitomcnt waa as great ns bis own, but he calmed himself with an effort. I'Fortune has favored you, my boy," be •aid, with a tender lingering upon the last two words. " Now will you trust me and take myKdvioe?" ' "Yes,V;3rsB Dexter's eager reply. "Then go—the sooner the better—and demand of Efr. Addington, as yonr right, a Reason for Oelia's abrupt dismissal of the man whom she promised to marry. " I will," said Dexter, firmly, " Good, t will go with you." " You !" surprised. " Yes. I think I may have some influence with Jerome Addington." Dexter fell a' strength at this aBBuranoe whiota be had not before, although he understoodso little what be meant. That afternoon tbey both stood together at the door of the present home of Oelia. An elderly woman answered their ring, whose faee indicated suspicion and ill temper. Sbe bad been Belectod to take old Margaret's plans tor - these' .very chareotprietios, probably, tbongbt Dexter. She eyed them sullenly as aha ioturaieil thorn- that Mr. Addington .was out, ' - We will go in and wait until he returns," said Dexter, quietly, and pushed hie way by her through,the half open door. Mr. Ellison followed, and they both ; BteppBd into the parlor.. •'. *' Well,'.' snarled tbe woman, entering after them, "perhaps I'd better eend for a polioeman. You oatpc into the house more like thieves than honest men. I tell you my master is bat, and I dbn't know when he Will be in/' < " You flan watoh us, if you are afraid of: our stealing anything," Baid Dexter. " But "We Intend to wait hers until Air. Addington teturnB." ' V What's your business J" sbe demanded. ." Our business is with Mr. Addington," (aid Mr. Ellison, calmly. The woman glared at them, muttering something, then flounced ont and left them. The two men exchanged a took, but neither •ptika. Daxter leaned against the piano, and AfrJUjigp, ff*lkit>g *tt?a! nwveoily, Bcatod bimsell in a low onair in t> where be happened to stop. Qe had hardly done FO when Mr. Addington stepped in at tho door sud Btopf ed on tbu threshold, .hiB fa-je paling as his eyes fell on Dexlor. Tbe back of a large nrm-ohair screened Mr. Elliuon from his view. "It is you, then, is it 7" Baid Mr. Addington, as soon as he could recover himself enonsli to rpeak. Then ho carefully closed tne door, and, stauding before it with folded nrmf, fixed upon Dexter a look of undisguised hate, as he went on: '* Yuu have come to perseoute my nitce, I suppose. It is manly to follow and aunoy a helpless girl 1 JSut yon will find it is I with whom yon will have to deal, not her." " I have not come with tho purpose of per- Foouling any one," returned DdXter, eteadily, and not Ghrinkitig under tbe gaze of tho other. " It was ucuident alone whioh brought to my knowledge the faot of your presence in this city, lint I am not satificd to be dismissed as I have been without tbe least explanation. I know Cslia loved me even when she sent me away. For her sake—to spare ber pain—I wont. But of you I demand the reason which oaused her to do as Bhe did. I am not willing to submit without knowing all, because the happiness of my life is involved." Mr. Addington regardedbim intently without'answering, and appeared to be debating within himself. Finally be asked,^ . Will you be satisfied and leavie ns alone if I givo you a full explanation t" 1 1 If the facts justify it." As Mr. Addington was about to respond, the door behind bim was puBhed gently opon. 1 Do not come in," he cried abruptly, but too late. Celia bad seen Dexter, and leaned against tho door palo and trembling. Tlirio was anguish ncd reproach in the eyes sba allowed to rest on thopo of her lover. lie, no less movod, had difficulty in restraining himEclf from going to her and clasping her in his arms. Mr. Addimiton stood irresolute, goawing bis lingers. No ono noticed Ellison, who still remaiued concealed behind tho cbair in his accidental scclueion. Celia was the first to break the silence. "It was cruel to us both to come, Dexter," said ebo, pitsouely. " I told you there was no hope. Ab I why will you make it so bard— BObard 7* llcr voioo broke.and she burst into tears. At this Mr. Addington said sternly,— " You see, young man, tbe misery your presence causes. That this sccno may not be repeated, 1 will accede to your demand. Cilia, dear, be came to insist upon knowing everything, and I now think it best that ho should." His tone changed to gentleness as he addressed her. Endeavoring to euppross her sobs, she replied,— You wisbed tbe rocrct kept, and so, too did I. But I—I think be has a right to know." At this Mr. Addingtou turned again to Dexter. 1 It is a painful dieoloaurc," he commenced with a harub, grating sound iu his tone; "I yield to its being drawn froui inc that ehe need be no longer troubled by your eolioitations. To be brief, my brother'^ wife, Celia'e mother, died a victim to burcilitary insanity, whioh for generations hail never failed in its prey. In a sane interval before her death she made me promise that hrr daughter should never marry, but that the curse might end with ber. You know now wby 1 tried to guard ber by Btrict seclusion from tho possibility of a lovonflair." Dexter etood mute with horror. He saw that Celia was right; that the barrier between them was indeed impassable ; but worse even than that was the thought ot such u fate hanging like a suspendtd sword above the bead of tho wotnbu he loved. lie forgot Mr. Ellison, and everything except that remorse, lees band of destiuy. " You understand now. Dexter, bow wrong we were to love,' 1 said the plaintive voice 01 Oelia. Her faos was bidden in her handkerchief. A stillness followed the words. "Why linvo you told her this story, Jerome Addington ?•' It was a strange voice, to two there that broke tbe silence, and Celia looked up it ariled to Bee a gray head rising behind tbe large arm-chair. Sho gave a cry of surprise and fright, but Burely she had no reason to fear the look sho met, which was kind almoct to tenderness, and protecting. Dexter, recalled to a knonlodge at Mr. Ulli^on's presense, looked st him wistfully, wondering what bis words meant, but not daring to hope. Upon Mr. Addington tho effect of this euJden apparition of an unsuspected fourth in the interview was etrangely ru.'iiked. lie started back, and then, as his eyes searched tho faoe, recognition came into hiB own, and he Btared at him appalled, as if be had seen a ghost. "1 sco you remember me, although it is many years since' we have met, and I have changed muoh since then," said Mr. Ellison, quietly. " I had not intended to play the listoucr here, but, as it so happened I look advantage of the (ircuniBtauc^s. XIad you faithfully dinohargcd your trust, you would have had*no reason to fear me as you do now." Mr. Addington bad loBt every psrtiole of relf.possession, lie cast u featful glance around, and hie C}C3 were full of anguish as they rested on ibe wondciuijr C«lia. " I thought you were deuu long ago, Amos Ellison," he stammered. " Why have you come to interfere now I ltsuiember your proniit-e." " When her bappinocs isat stake, that promise is nothing, 1 ' was the decided rtply; and Mr. Ellison eaine and etood ill tho centre of tbe room, " Was not tbe e.iatifice all for her wolfare7" he continued. "You have made it necessary that she ihould kuow the truth now. Why you have done ae you have, I do not know, unlosi it is for eome reason so monstrous that I shrink from believing it." Mr. Addington's head dropped, and the perspiration etarteil out of his temples. Mr. Ellison turned from him to Celia, and continued in a different tono,— " My ohild, will you try aud tbink as kindly as possible ot the revelations I have to make to you? Be piopared'for a groat surprise. I must first say a few words about myself. I have^11 ipy life been an unfortunate man. I grew discouraged finally; and after my dear wife died, rather than allow my child to bo involved in tho fate which seemed mine, I gave ber to another—a rich man who could rescue her from tho life o! toil sbe would have had with me, and give ber tbe advantages I knew well 1 myeelt never could obtain fur her. My own feelings I put aside for her take, and bore patiently tbo torrow of her loss, Celia, you are that child, and I-am your father." Celia oast a bewildered glance around, and tbeu something iu her heart responded to the appeal in Mr. Ellisuu'd eyes, and she went to him. " I am glad yon bavo. cotuo to me, my father," sbe said gently. Mr. EUieon'e face was transfigured as he put hia armB round her. Something of tbo look was reflected in Dexter's, who now seemed to sec a glorious gleam of light breaking through the olouds. All tbe trnth dawned upon bim, BB it had not yet upon flelia. " I do not quite sco how it all is," e'uessid, after a moment of silence. "Yuu fare my father—then you must be my uncle's brother I" Sue looked inquiringly at Mr. Addington, but he did not speak or glance up. *' Do you understand, dear J' eaid Mr. Elli'on. " Mr. Addington is " Stop I" c >mmanded Mr. Addingtou. The pupils of bis eyes dilated so that the whole eye seemed black. "Let me be the one to tell her. Thst right I will have. Oelia have I ever been anything but liind to you?" " Never—never, dear unole," replied tbe astonished girl. "Then for the sake ot the atleotion which bas oyer existed between us, you nan perhaps try snd forgive tbe wrong I have done you— yus, for I have done you wrong. Listen, Oelia. Many years ago, when I was 00mparltively a youcg man, I *u deceived and bjtnyed by iti9 I loved, TMioyJied toe «o nate ana despise tne wnoie iex. let 1 needed sffeotion, and I took a fancy to take eome child and bring her up to be true and sinoere, as I beliavsd other women were not. Chance threw me in (he way of your father, Celia, a BtruggUng, half Irantio man, and yon beoame mine. " As years went on, yon grew dearer and dearer to me, as a obild of my own might have been. My love was pure end honeft then. But when you asms baok from eobool, and I saw you in the beauty of yonr womanhood, and knew yon to be all 1 bad hoped, my ideal woman, then, Celia, I remembered I was not yonr unole, and loved you with a different love." ' At these words Celia shrank baok close to her father, and covered her face with ber bands. Sho comprehended now tbe looks of bis whioh of late bad surprised and frightened bcr, and in bcr outraged feelingB forgot for the moment the shadow whioh his revelation bad romoved. " I loved you, Celia, with the paeBionate love of a man who might bavo had the right bad not you believed bim to be your uncle," went on Jerome Addington, while all listened intently, Mr. Ellison with pity, and Dexter with horror. " In my jealousy, I kept you seclnd d, as I thought, from tbe chance of any lover, and I was already planning to win you to,regard: mo in a different light from what you did, when I dieoovered in one terrible moment that my precautions had been in vath; and yon loved, In my agony I resolved to separata you from him' at.all hasards, and 1 did. I meant, when your fancy for bim had gone, ae I hoped it would in time, to tell yon the truth—that my brother's wife died insane, but was not yonr mother, and that 1 loved yon." Involuntarily, Celia raised her eyes, shining with the gladness of the few words wbioh had momentarily blotted out all the others, to those of bcr lover, that responded with the same joy. Then she remembered Mr. Addington. A shadow crossed the brightness of her face. She hesitated, then she said, falterinRly,— " Uncle—lot me eall yon uncle still, for 1 can never think of you otherwise—for tbe sake of all that has been, I forgive you tbe suffering that you have caused, and—and— pity you." " My punishment is severe," be returned huskily. " Some time the remembrance of those words will comfort me, but now I oan only remember that I have lost you. That is penance enough for a thousand heavier sins than mine. Try and think of me ae I was. I leave you to those who have the right I have foifeited." Giving ber a last look so full of wretchedness she never forgot it, he turned and went out of tho room and out of her life forever. Tears came to her eyes aa sbo gazod alter him. " I have no uncle now," ehe murmured sadly. Then she throw her armB around Mr. Ellison's neck. " But I have found a father I" " And I—am I nothing?" asked Dexter. " You are my son now," eaid Mr. Ellison, and placed Celia's hand in his. She smiled through ber tears, and ber faee flushed as it had not for many a day, as Dexter took her from her father's arms and drew ber to bis heart. The clouds which hung over them passed away, and the bright sun waa ehining. ( Concluded.') Ssveral deaf persons in a Massachusetts rural comtnanity are circulating a petition praying the Legislasnre to give them a bear- Parson—" Where's your pa, Johnny 1" JuiihNif—" Well, I ain't coin' to licabout it. lie's been experimentin' with one of these yere parachute things like tbe man dropped out'n the balloon with tbe other day : nnd last time be tried usin' ma's timbrel' and come down in the well. I ain't got the courage to go an' see if he's got hold of tbe han lie. Geelong mamma—" You can't toaat that cheese, Dor. it's too old." I.ITTM! DOT—" Well, it don't know much if it is old." " Don't know much T" " No; jest as soon as it begins to feci the fire it jumps rigbt into it." "Yes," said a convalescent and classic patient, " even the Qreeks Buffered with tbe ill-I-ntl." " Possibly," remarked the doctor, "asyour complaint was rather odd-I-see." Nothing Will put murder into a man's heart quicker 1 han to unsuccessfully try to open a rcfactory car-window for a pretty IL 1 rl, and have a man about two sizes bigger tban he is, step across and open it almost without nn effort. If you must do as the Romans do when you are in ltamc, you should do as the Milliners do wben .vou are in Milan. " My dear," said a husband, gently rousin? his wife—the lady was dangerously ill— " M rs. Dc I lobson caller! ft little while ago and left her love and sympathy for you. 8be seemed deeply nficcted. " John," said the sick lady in a very weak tone of voice, as she slowly unclosed hci eyes, "what did she have on 7" "Papa, what does U pluribua unum mean ?" " It- means 'one of many,' my son." " Well, papa, as you have many children, ain't. Inn E plurihus unum?" Mother—" Who has been drinking the milk 7 Tell the truth now I" Jons—" It was me. I wanted to see if it was sour." MOTHER—" Well, what if it JOHN—"Why I wouldn't bare drank it, then." 