A Protection-Labor Party STRONG. DENUNOTATION:OF =-LABOUR MEMBERS. ". BAND OF'LIONS LED By ASSES." '(Abridged from the Australian Star.) Owing to the fact that the members of the Solidarity Party in the last Parliament have imitated the actions of their predecessors by joining their forces to the freetraders, neglected the unenmployed, voted against the amendment- condemning-the increase of Mr Eddy's salary, 'voted for.;the repeal of the t tariff, and have committed many other blunders in 'Parliamentjir OSuillivan has declared war upon them,. and :established a Protection Labour Party. ',-That party con sists chiefly of old trade unionists and skilled artizans, ,and theiy are opposing the Solidarity Party for the metropolitan and suburban eeats'with strong chances of sue. - cess. The following ,are the remarks of a s representative of theeA ust alian Star on the r subject : The views of Mr E. W. O'Sullivan, M.L.A., a on the political situation should be of interest at the present junctture.- For-'one thing Mr O'Sullivan ha. had many yearn' experience as a i trades unionist, and has held the highest puse. tions the workers could give him in the days y when labor leaders were not paid for their set vices, a fact' which the foreign-trade press airily ignores when it sneers at the member for Queen n beyan. In those days, when unionism gained se everything in reason which it struggled for, Mrhi O'Sullivan learnt' how much was to be gained b patient endeavor. He has votedfor every labor is proposal that has been before Parliament during the last ten years. Upon being interviews is with regard to the political situation on Tuesda p (2nd inst.) lie said : * The conduct of the so-called labor partie i which have been elected since 1891 should she u the necessity for the workers'at once withdraw t ing their support from these faddists an blunderers, and organising themselves, into w] compact. PROTEOTION-LABOR PARTY. e Protection is the labor policy .all, over th a world save in New South Wales. In the Unite ei States nearly all the labor. organisations vote e for that policy, and only a few months ago th a working men of the. States-soared by th I disastrous results of 12 months partial freetrad ch -returned the Republicans (or protectionists y to Congress by overwhelming mnaaj aities all oVar the Union. In Southi, Australia, :Victoria Qoeenaland, and New Zeailuand the labor men bers in Parliament were nearly all protectionistaae So they would have been here, ,too, if re IC workers had 'been elected , to; Parliament. Un frortunately, however, during tne excitenmen AP of 'the electiora of 1891 aaay person whn call . ihimself a labor candidate.and got a, leaguet I adopt him as such was chosen. Men, who we ti never heard of in liboar rank s were then chose to represent the workers.' The serious result tI this want of care` up6,io the part of the worka P was soon made manifest. Thenew, Parliamen f had scarcely met before it' becaome evident the p the majority of the labor members were really °r SINGLE-TAXERS AND PREETRADERS IN DISGUISS, a After a minority had. determined to suppo be protection as the true policy of labor, the majo sp ity of the then lanor party voted systematicall at and continuously with the freetrade' party, an ei when the next general election came round th. fol threw off the mask and stood as freetrade cm da didates, some of them being adopted by I as Freetrade League as such. Ra-, Cotton, Hi bu die, Danaheysand others were rejected by II the workers 'for this extraordinary mnconsisteen we They were opposed by the present' 'solidarit of party on the ground that-they had broken swa t from the understanding. vith which they start aet but the "y SOLIDARITY MEMBERS HAVE PROVED THEMSELV Id I ' NO BETTER.E '"! t I edi At first they appeared inclinedito take an ind 'cp pendent curse, but it' soon'hbecamne appare atc from the mitanner in which' they. used'to care 00 the members of the Reid Ministry inW the Homt B and from their frequent' appearances in t Ministorial rooms; that they had"alsoallow hot icemselves to become, like their 'iaredenesso np merely the tail end of, the freetrade part rig Underothe flimsy pretext that they'desired we bbt oinsslhind tax-though' how that is going better the condition of the suffering masses he once they b,baje never shown-they dbliberate bed supportedctlie proposal -for the repeal of t as 6 tariff, though it was pointed out to them or tem and over again that the bill would crush out nmp sugar planters,: destroy agriculture, and thr r 1 117,000 persons out of work, or otherwise inju mns aheum. Somce of their members even-resor nde to the mean and paltry device of attempting m. 'keep on 'a few -duties which' aiffected their o bou constituents in the 'hope" f averting the resul rker of the indignation which they knew'would stral aroused by thuirblundeeingaand inconsistern d In the meantime they also' deliberately ignor onie the ery.of the unemployed for fear that, ' see THEIR PRIENDS THE FREE TRADERS, WOUL t INOWNVENIENOED D ' ploy Whatever chance the u'aaeniemloyed have'of'r ried taining work is due to the action of themself . and myself,tand note theflabor. party> "Sin if,' their~advant to Parliament the ~labor 'memeba psi have not past one law n'er carried acy 'propo teon which-would benefit the workers.- Infasna-the .an have passed 'nathing' ~and'doah nothing cexb e help in the pasiage of the Oaae 'Mii' One" V, na Bill if the Dibba Government, and assist in 'en treonlhmeont, also started by the protectionis Tlhis is the uaun total of their Work since tb r rej 'entered tlae Hoone,' and it is 'work that w all \a have beenperformnedhby any other mnerrbers w had occupied their seats. So fap as thpir pali ical existence is concerned, the labor inects THlE in Parliament have utterly fa~iled in their missi d ye bat they hav dotei's inimensity of herm by sipo seaswas nwoous oo-ann mnu uy DICig ~UUUnoing ro te measures' that would1ihave found employme the for the ' workless wilrkers,' of whom they a 'F so fond of prating." L"k I "fBut how about their0ictions outsido of P P liament? Surely all their many organisati.o Ital have done aume'good," said our representatir suc " Well, let us test them on that line " a ~, t the member for Quenanbyan, with a smile th s betokened incredulity. "The prsent and p dum labor members belong to that school of lab 'T advocates who came -to the front about I " L under the name of 'New Unionists,' but who It` reality were singlo-taxers, conmunuista and an n t chists. Since they 'have had the control lo affalrs, prod tea, LABOR HAS SUFFERED A 8r1nIE0 Or DISASTROp "St DErEATS. rket Everything they have done has been a bin "A der. When I gave up the control of the Ia oeal movement,and they took poaseaion of the trad " Ab unions and labor organisatiors all these boo Fil , were rich, powerful andrempeoted. For oxam Stia the wharf laborers had about 1700 mnn enrol "No in their union, with about£4000in banks. T d th Seaman's Union was oven stronger in r.umhe 100,0 and in funds, and most of the other lab ' lOr societies were in a good pnaition as regards t11 ouki bership and finance. They were the pride emiv New South Wales, and they led the labor oor 0 ments of the world. What is their oondii" In today, after five year,, manipulation of thut rvati called New Unionists7? The funds oft0 "L sooeties have been aquandered, the member al "N has enormously decreased, and nothin0 but t "I wonderful loyalty of the mocu to the priocipl it yc of trades unionism keeps the organisati n in afloat. ; Thereis not a member of the trod "Ce unjons referred to whoudoos not recognise th light facts and deejly regroea Lhe day when hei llor New Unionists, and that curse of trade nisations, the paid delegate, to take the trol of the labor movement. Many fat its have been created for the new leat.'rs, no benefit has resulted therefrom to the kers who have provided the funds. The pro ionist members of those organisations in ticular deplore the day when these mnee came " the front and led them to masaaeauc and eat, and do not disguise their desire to role 9 them to obscurity. Many of these New eonists are new chums and Johunies-come e ly, who know little about the wants of the rkers of this country, and care less, so-long Y they get into Parliament or obtain the posi I, of paid delegate to some society foolish .e ugh to employ him." r But have they not been very active in pro e ting schemes for the amelioration of the sea I" r 'Yes; but just see what has become of those trnes. Take THE NEW AUSTRALIA FIASCO a start. Lane and his fellow cranks were d ug to show the w *,ld what communism and Le teship were going to du fur the suffering ti es. It was a noble object, but how did it ntuate I The promoters were supplied with a sty of money, and they bought a ship and 1se ied on a pilgrimage under the most favour e circumstances. How has that pilgrimage ulted I What has become of the ship, and ., tre are the books of the society now I Let it New Unionists and other dreamers turn is y their heads in shame and confusion ; let i it sympathisers blush for their folly and ii. dulity in trusting such imbeciles. The New fa .ralia expedition was one of the most dis rc eful failures that ever befel the workers in ly part of the world, and it ought to be a a" ning to the workers never again to trust d as Utopian dreamers and selfish schemers. It hink a parliamentary inquiry ought to be 1y a into this sad and disastrous failure. The ir re mention of the name New Australia is ig nough to silence these would-be regener* is of mankind, and cause them to make ° perate efforts to change the subject of con sation, and so it should be. Before that ex e tion had terminated so disastrously other clous workers had been cajoled into ring I THE WORKERS' CO-OPERATIVE STORE, which the subscribers were to be enormously efited and the obnoxious 'middleman' dis sed with. Needless to say, in the hands of ts political faddists and incompetents that erprise was soon stranded, and afterwards col ed. Determined to sl-ow that they could s age all sorts of concerra other members of I Fad Family established two newspapers, I ch began to fight each other like tigers. s y were called c AUSTRALIAN WORKMAN" AND "THE NEW ORDER." first named got into trouble te far as the inal promoters were concerned, and as since ad into two private hands, while the second aped in a few weeks-a fate which also befel ird organ, called JusToIe, started by the ire Service Brigade, another branch of the family. Nothing daunted by all these fail , and aided by the marvellous courage (and tributions) of the workers, the faddists made preme effort to establish an organ in the y press. The money rolled in, machinery purchased, premises leased, type bought, 'r and staff engaged, and then OUT CAME THE " DAILY POST." as enthusiastic and as loyal a list of sub bers as over hailed the advent of a party spaper. The same sad experience of bung and incompetency was repeated, and the e disastrous and disgraceful record 6f fail followed., The "Daily Post" soon became daily ghost. There lies its machinery and lant, sad mementoes of - the incapacity and bungling faculty of the Fad Family, and ther tombstone to the wonderful loyalty of workers of New South Wales to the princi of labor and trades unionism., What do think of the organising faculty of the ists now I " exclaimed the Keystone... What tcan I think except that the men who Id not successfully work the New Australia edition, the co-operative stores, and the dead 1 spapers can scarcely be accepted as fit per- s s to represent labor in Parliament, mtuch less earganise society upon the lines. of Look Backward.' ~ Yes, you are right," responded E. W. 0'S. hough I do not agree with all that E. H. mpion has said and done, still I think he hit right nail on the head when he described workers of Australia as 'A BAND OF LIONS. LED BY. ASSES. he sturdy toilers who ;have;so liberAlly sub bed their moneys and so loyally voted for` se faddists acid incompetents; deserved better tment at their hands than to be -thrown out mployment owing to, the opposition, of the r party to protection, and they: will have aselves to blame if they again give these nderers another opportunity ' of injuring i. It is impossible to have a. labor par ty bout protection, as the experience of the chers in the United States, Canada, South 'tralia, Victoria, Queensland, and New Zea d has shown. Protectioan and trades onism run hand in hand. Men form them tes into trades unions for the purpose of tecting themselves from the aggression of ployers and the unfair competition of the I ckleg.' Protection is. nothing less than.the ers of the State organised by means'of a iffy to protect the workers against the utafair petetion eof cheap and colored labor countries. tection and trades unionism are, therefore, and the same thing'in princalel, anod no des uniottist carn be logically "anything'elsa na protectionist if he utiderstanda the doe. ira upon which he organises his 'sotiiety." 'You apokce of-a new labor party,t' observed rpresecatative. Ct What would you suggest it oicy 7 '.' . A "1would suggest tbe following as thy basis P1E I'aLIOY OF A PRcOTECTION4LABaOu PARTY, Syou will see from the items adduced that policy Is one that would do justice to all Aees as well as speedily better the condition the worker "Federation on democratia lines, by which clk labor would be excluded. "Protection for , all nrticles whioh' we aot fitably grow and manufacture, and abolition auch Oustoms taxation., as, does not protooct o that on luxuries. "Reform of the Upper House and the Refer* dum. The readjustment of taxation. " Labor and social reformns. "lIelief to the selectors by' reduction of pay. 'nt to (id per acre. "Relief to the unemplnjed by means of productive works, carried out by national te,, redeemable out of profits. "State export department for pioneering now dkets and assisting the natural industries. "A national bank of issue and the Oredit ncinr system. "Abolition of the 4 per cent. deduction on. 'li .ervants, and the substitution of a system State insurance, an in Germany.-. "National smelting works, a school of mines, d the inoreaso of the prospecting vote to 100,000, to encourage and develop mining. F Frem scope for private enterprise, but. the ni cipnlisntion of monopolies likrelyto be op eanivu to the people. "Opposition to knnaka and colored labor. " Irrigatioa, artesian boring, and water con ?"ation. " Light railways to hack districts. " National scholarships and bursaries." " I gather from your remarks, Mr. O'Sullivan it you are not opposed to labour representat*. n In Parliament t" "Certainly not., I was one of .the first who iuht for the payment of' members, 'so that labor would be represented. I would, however. prefer to see the labor members advocating protection, because that is the basis of every labor policy, and, as I have shown, it is the policy of the labor parties everywhere save in New South Wales." 