LIVING IN A HAUNTED HOUSE'S "Boston Tkansceipt." In everyday talk Rosina Vokes was altogether aud bewitehingly the Rosina wo knew across the footlights—the same big, honest eyes, the same drolly staccato speech, the same tossing of that fluffy j mane of shining hair, and the matter of | her speech was quite as flavorsome as any | lines her playwrights ever set down for her speaking. It is a pity she never told across the footlights for ull the world to hear the story she once told to a favored few. The Yokes family, she said, had returned to London from a provincial tour, and, intending to remain for the season, decided to hire a house in pre ference to taking lodgings. They looked upon it as miraculous luck to find a house in an eminently agreeable neighborhood at a phenomenally low rent. They soon found out the reason. A particularly shocking murder had been committed in the house a few years before, and since then it had stood untenanted, its evil reputation intensifying with every night its dark window gloomed upon the else cheerful street. "But it was a lovely, comfortable house," said Rosina, " and we didn't mind it's story a bit—in fact, we thought it rather distinguished than otherwise, and, as for spooks, we'd all played 'em too often in Christmas panto mimes to hold 'em in any especial awe. Besides, we never saw any—nothing, I give you my word, more fearsome than a black bettle ever crossed our paths iu that maligned house. But, for all that, a more uncomfortable three months our happy go-lucky family neverspenl-Theneighhori gavethehouse abad namcand hanged it. They took the attitude that any i willing to live in a murder-stained house was simply an accessory after the fact. My dears, never shall 1 forget the first morning'I called on the local. butcher with a plea for chops. 'Send them to 343-—'"street,'-piped I, cheerily. The butcher turned duskily pale. He.edged behind the block. He glowered at me over-it. 'Three forty-three, you said, mum-?' he gasped. 'Man alive, yes!' said I. 'IVe live thero, and we're not ghosts, or we shouldn't need chops!' Well, the long and the short of it was we could get nothing sent that wasn't ordered at high noon, nnd then the butcher's boy had a way of firing up the thiugs from the bottom of the steps— didn't want to come within grabbing distanco of the door apparently. That' was hard on. the provisions, especially the eggs. No. milkman would deliver milkin the grey of the morning, not he. Wo had subsequently to bring it home in a can. When the water-pipes burst, we had to stop 'cm up with our stockings, while the boys scoured London for a plumbor rash enough to cross our fated threshold. Wo : lived like Robinson Crusocs on a densely-populated island. It was borne iu upon us at last that it was a pity so much wholesome terror should go to waste. So the laSt few days of our stay there we took to burning blue lights at midnight in the area- window, and emitting hollow groans from the front cellar.' I fancy onrjlandlordreaped the results of this light-minded conduct. We never inquired." 