HEARSAY AND CLAPTRAP. If the ordinary disputant in a hut or on the \,road would satisfy himself as to the genuineness of any statement that he uses in argument, he would benefit the cause of Unionism to an extent that he little dreams of. First; of all I have a strong objection to the man 'who quotes the Woekek when he has not read it, .but has its statements at second hand trom one who, per haps, cannbt even digest the -sense of what he reads. It is not from incapability, but from laziness that six or seven men take the transla tion of one of their number. I have seen a dozen otherwise good Unionists arguing over a point which a reference to one of the many copies of the paper on the table would have settled in a minute. Andthe same holds good even with the laws of the Union ; bat sometimes this ignorance is foiemed. Then the other eide — that is. tfio statements of the defenders of an adverse opinion — should be weighed fairly. Just as the Wobkee is open to correction and the acknowledgment of an error, the ' Twaddlegraph' or the ' Sydney Alderman' may be imposed upon by false report. What amuses an impartial, uninterested party is m the invariable cry of 'agitator' and ' firebrand' 1 coming from one side of the labor question. This is the bogeyrman, to frighten the baby pastoralists. Some of the latter can read and reason. Some cannot ; the Banks forbid. And I notice that those who (luckily) are untrammel led by mortgages are unanimously inclined to give a fair hearing. We can only have pity for the neglected and (sometimes) vicious nurselings, who are fed on the bank-pap by keepers who frighten them with Labor ana Unipn ghost-stories. These' leaders know their work well, Do they ever neglect to dub every untoward incident or accident as ''sup* posed to be the work of unionists?' If any man of any nationality or of any calling is pock marked pr has a squint, he is pointed out in the towns as a Union official. This is no joke ; I have seen it done by an alleged justice of the peace from the verandah of the squattocratic hotel of a river township. The victim of the jibe was a veiy objectionable spieler. Whatever any of our black sheep may do in dividually, it is absolutely necessary to be not only within the letter but the spirit of the law when a majority at a meeting pass a vote. The very hearsay and claptrap which I 'deprecate be comes so twisted and garbled that the slight suspicion of truth carries conviction to willing ears. Most scab argument begins with one of two questions : 'Do you know what tie union '(or a union man) did last year?' or 'Do you think I'm going to pay to keep so-and-so in a billet whilst I starve?' Of course they know that they are arguing like a soldier's coat, with out sleeves, body or tail. This olaptrap goes down only with those who are hying to palliate their want of loyalty. It is of the .same brand of argument as the Chinese cook defence. There is only one conclusion to be drawn with regard to the defenders of black-leg and alien labor, They are at heart crawlers and Chows. 0?he 'hearsay' unionist arid scab alike are never posted up to date in the affairs of the world at large. They borrow a tattered old newspaper, cull out some suitable excerpt, and found a theory. As a general rule thev also borrow soap, tobacco and matches. I don't know a meaner man than the reader of news who cannot reciprocate with his particular addition to the general stock. Personally, I never forget to let such leeches knowmy opinion of them. One omnivorous, non- subscribing glutton ventured to hint that newspapers were not worth subscribing to, and were virtually what I decry, claptrap and catchpenny information. From that day he had no chance of reading any of my budget. It's stale enough but good enough to conclude with— _Audi alteram partem. Read and hear both sides before you begin to dogmatize. -^HtD MOUBBAY. 