LECTURE BY THE REV. DR. COOK. " DOES DEATH END ALL f" Last night, in the Centenary Hall, the Rev. Dr Joseph Cook delivered the first of his present course of lectures in Sydney. Shortly after 8 o'clock the Lieutenant-Governor, Sir Frederick; Darley, who was to preside, ascended to the platform, having with him, besides the lecturer, Professor Anderson Stuart, the Rev. John Fordyce, M A and other clergymen The party was received with the first bars of the National Anthem played upon the organ After prayer by Mr Fordyce, Sir Frederick Darley shortly introduced Dr Cook, and said that the lecturer was no stranger to them. The audience was fairly numerous, but not demonstra- tive until the latter part of the address The opening portion of the lecture briefly stated the rate 1 realistic view of the subject, and the speaker asked if they were to think that there was nothing now existent of the leader, and teachers of humanity He wanted the audience that he should not now deal with the immortality of the soul, but examine the question. which was the title of his address, Does each and all in this task he had to rely upon answers from three sources conscience, physiology revelation Suppose they went to Shakespeare He did not attend the theatre, but he did reid his Shakespeare, and be found in "Hamlet," "Lear," and "Macbeth" three of the profoundest treatises on conscience, and he quoted the passage from Hamlet's soliloquy The dread of something after death The undiscovered country from whose boura ¡Sotrttseller returns puzzles the will And makes us rather bear those it], we have Than fly to others that we know not of Thus conscience does make cowards of us all From this conscience the lecturer argued back to a personality, the lawgiver Matthew Arnold had written of this as a power that makes for righteous- ness, but the speaker's conclusion was that it was not a Foinottung which, but a someone who, makes for righteousness, and from whom for ever and ever we could not escape *> Tennyson wrote in Swords whose weight is not always appreciated MAn thinks he was not made to die And Thou hast made him Thou art just. There must be a reason for this sense of dependence and obligation, which, they would observe, was an organic impulse of humanity The objection would 1 I heard that this conscience was a fruit of evolution it was due to the struggle for existence and the sun rival of the fittest But such an argument proved too much The five senses, the social and other instincts, all had correspondences, the right to the eye, sound to the ear, beauty to the sense of beauty , home, locket), the nation to the social instinct, and so on, so that if conscience were an evolution then it, too, could not be deceptive Conscience had as good a pedigree as reason Dr Cook introduced an American JEsop's table Take Bryant's noble lines to a wild fowl and imagine an agnostic swan, a bird of the nineteenth century, which resisted the migratory instinct because it had no evidence of a more suitable climate to which it should retire Or the fishes which migrate too, might refuse to seek the open sea, and the little brown birds to fly They all would perish, frozen in their waiting So of those who denied validity to the instinct of man towards the after life Emerson began as a pantheist, and on the death of his boy wrote a poem called " Ihrenody," in which this view was expressed, but in the essay on " Immortality," which was among his last writings, he ranged himself definitely as a Christian Theism The argument from physiology was based on Professor Lionel Basic's book on protoplasm, and on conversations with that savant, and in this part of his lecture Dr Cook used several diagrams He pointed out how, since the discovery in 1856 of the absorption of carmine by the germinal matter, it was possible to separate and to examine this material We are woven of this germinal matter, which was a viscid, slightly yellowish substance There was on apparent identity of this material Huxley confessed that science could not differentiate it when it was obtained from the acorn, the lion, or man. Yet the living tissue was made by it, and it were artery, vein, tendon, muscle, and joined them in harmonious interaction. Materialism says that this is done blindly, but it was as easy to believe that types could assert themselves into Magna Charta. The co- ordination of types proved the typesetter. To matter force was requisite, and hore nationalism was at fault. Darwin admitted that a supernatural origin; was postulated for the first germs of living matter. Haeckel and Tyndall declared that soon 1 taneous generation was a fad and science utterly failed to bridge the chasm between matter and nothing, lifeless matter and living matter, the highest producer and man. The farther back they carried their chain of life, the more essential it became to find a peg on which to hang li. Amid laughter the lecturer read Spencer's definition of life, and demanded at least a definition which could be understood Eichner, one of the foremost raatenalisU, said that life was matter and force plus x. That is exactly what they were investigating. If life was anterior to matter why should it not continue after matter? It was no more wonderful that we should live longer than that we have lived at all The physical body might go back to dust, but would the spiritual body P Does death end all with the soul P After a eulogy (of Agossiz's idea of Paradise as (ho concert of all worlds in tho presence of their Creator, Dr. Cook passed to the third part of his subject- the evidence from revela- tion. He took the declaration of Mr. A. R. Wallace in the article, " Spiritualism," in the last edition of "Chambers's Encyclopedia," that the photography of ghosts was proved Then there was the report of the London Society for Psychical Research, including such men as Professor Sidgwick, on the reality of apparitions Himself he was no believer in spiritualism In America they were nauseated by the amount of trickery that surrounded this subject. But he could not shut his eyes to the accumulating evidence as to the spiritual body, which would sweep materialism noway as by a cyclone. in America they had the personal testimony of Miss Alcott, and the affirmation of one of the most cautious of men, the late Oliver Wendell Holmes He applied this body of evidence to support the doctrine of the resurrection of Christ, and that in turn involved the immortality promised by Jesus to His disciples, and to the penitent thief In conclusion he declared his faith in the Bible promises Professor Anderson Stuart proposed a vote of thanks to Sir Frederick Darley for presiding, and it was carried with acclamation 