A LADY'S LETTER PROM SYDNEY. By Mirabel. SYDNEY. March 18. Great was the gloom that was cast over the whole city or. Friday night when the sad news was announced that our Governor was lio more. Few knew or realised how very serious Sir Kobert Duffs illuess was, and when he arrived safely from Hobart on Friday morning hopes were entertained by the people that he would recover. Lady Duff was with out any member of her family near her at the time of the sad event, for, unfortunately, the Misses Dull' did not arrive from Sutton Forest until it was too late to see their father alive, and iter sons are on their way to England in the Ville de la Ciotat. The sad news spread with lightning rapidity all over the city, and the greatest sympathy is felt on all sides for Lady Duff and her daughters in their great sorrow and bereavement. Tele grams of condolence and sympathy have poured in from far and near, and numbers of visitors called at Government- house and left their names in the book and cards with ex pressions of sympathy. It was not until Saturday and Sunday that the people folly realised the significance of the death of the Governor. Then all the llags in the city were to be seen flying half-mast high, the Royal Standard being hoisted at Govern ment-house to show the grief of the nation. Sixty minute guns were fired from Dawes Battery. Many of the places of business were draped with black, and everywhere there were tokens of mourning and sorrow. It was the first occasion upon which a Governor had died while in office in this colony, and we sincerely hope it will be a very long time before such a melancholy event happens again. Yesterday afternoon the state funeral took place, when the remains of Sir Robert were temporarily interred in a portion of Sir George Innes's ground at the Waver ley Cemetery, just near the spot wherethe late Lord Ancram was buried. Lady Duff and her daughters were present at the graveside, .^av^-dtiven out in a closed carriag^-~alofigxfiffte from that taken by tire procession;-?, Cjjptein Fielding was in attendance, and conducted Lady Duff to an enclosure whicli beej» lerected for her use and draped in black/; ni the vice regal parti' round the-^rst^^^fe also Mr. Gathorne-Hardy, Mr. i'etogjati&n;, Mr. W. A. de Mouncey^ Miss OEtman, Dr. Fiuschi, Nurse Nora, and Nurse Duffy (from- Tas mania). The burial service whs' performed by the Primate, assisted by the Dean of Sydney and the Rev. A. E. Stoddart, many other clergymen being also present, and at the conclusion of the cere mony the band of the New South Wales Re giment of Artillery played the National Anthem. Ail along the route taken by the procession there were thousands of specta tors, the streets being lined with a quiet and resnectful crowd, all classes coins to see the mournful pageant, which will long live in their memory. As the cortege left Govern ment-house a salute of 17 guns was fired, and the bells of St. Mary's Cathedral rang oat a muffled peal, while bells tolled mournfully from all the churches. In Macquarie-street every balcony and window was crowded, from those in the Colonial Secretary's office down to King-street; from the tower of St. Mary's hundreds viewed the procession, and every tree in Hyde-park, and the railings on either side, were black with human beines; but all were quiet and orderly, and heads were uncovered as the hearse passed slowly by. In the churches special references were made to the late Sir Robert Hpff, knd warty of the Bacred edifices wertv droped in Mr and funeral marches played before ®®? the services. At St. Ahdrgwfr Gator* the morning, the Biabapof^uso«ryp^ a most eloquent sermon to a'very lS*8?e gregaUon. The ^ Bishop's throne, pulpit, reading deak, 01 lofL and choir btall a were draped in black, and the service was most solemn and im Treastve. In the Synagogue on Saturday, ai v Cathedral on Sunday, and at every church of every denomination memorial services were held. The numerous orders tor wreaths, crosses, and other tioral tributes taxed the florists' resources to the utmost, for the notice was so very- short it was impossible to obtain flowers from any great distance. In the beautiful cross sent By the Lieutenant - Governor and Lady Darley there was an orchid of great beauty and raritv, the plant only bloommg once in seven years, the blossom being known as the "Sacred Dove" or Holy Ghost Flowers were sent by request from Lord and Lady Hopetoun, Lord and Lady Carrington. Lord and Lady Gormanston, Sir Henry and Lady Xorman, Lord and Lady Glasgow, Lieutenant- Governor of South Aus tralia, Consul-General for Germany, Major General and Mrs. Hutton, Major-General and officers of the head-quarters military staff. Colonel Airey and officers of the X.S.W. Artillery, Sir Saul Samuel, the mayor and citi zens of Sydney, mayor and citizens of Mel bourne, from neariy all the different regi ments of the New South Wales Defence Forces, members of all the principal clubs, from the different consuls, servants at Go vernment-house, and from many public todies and private citizens too numerous to mention—waterlilies, orchids, stephanotis, encharis, white Xiphetos roses, white chry santhemums, carnations, white alocasia, marantas, and other beautiful hothouse flowers. All the theatres were closed on Friday night, out of respect to our late Governor, and the garden party which was to have taken place at Greenknowe. in honour of the Bishop ot Salisbury, was indefinitely post poned, as have been many other social gatherings. The Lieutenant - Governor, Sir Frederick Darley. was swom in on Saturday morning, in the presence of a large num ber of gentlemen, the judges and other official officers wearing full uniform. The ceremony took place in the Executive Council cham ber at the Colonial Secretary's office. Oat of respect to Lady Duff, the usual salute during the 6wearing-in ceremony was dispensed with, as was the guard of honour at Govern ment-house. Lord Hopetoun's farewell visit to Sydney was a source of much gratification to all the citizens. The banquet was a great success, and everyone wishes loth Lord and Lady Hopetoun long life, peace, happiness, and much prosperity when they return to Eng land. 