THE DISTRICT OF EAST TORRENS. From Mr. J.D. Woods, the returning-<*> officer for East Torrens, we have received a copy of the electoral roll for the House of Assembly for that district. East Torrens is themo?t populous Asaumbly district in the colony, and the bulky volume which Mr. Woods has been at such trouble to compile ftrnt^ipn nearly 3UO pages, on oach of which ituere is 'an average of between 45 and 60 immga, so that some idea of the work involved in arranging them alphabetically under the ten different polling-places may be gained, awmng jha riftotnre Riming tn mt? at Norwood there are 142 whose names begin with "A," 631 under thft "B" letter, 451 beginning with "C," 489 beginning with J'S," aud 487 beginning with " W." That the despised Asiatic is not entirely banished from the polling-booth is proved by the Appearance antho&st; page of tue names Ah King, Ah Sah, Ah Ton, and Ah Yung. The woman's vote isveryEtrong.andevidently there will be big figures to be dtitly counted by Mr. Woods and his assistant:) next Hatch.' The Council roll for Kast Xorrens will be published very shortly. Darinpthepaet twoor three day? credence has been given by the small boys of Port Ade laide and the neighborhood to a story that a ghost is abroad after nightfall within the dis trict. It is not known how the rumor origi nated, bat the talehas spread with remarkable rapidity, and there is a notable absence after dark of youngsters from the principal streets where they had been accustomed to play. Among the wares of society which have lately come into great favor none con boast a greater popularity than the typewriter. This is evidenced (says London Society) by the fact that there is now a. room in the Honae of Com mons' for ike housing of an army of fair typists, under the direction of Miss Aslnvorth, of Victoria-street, .who type all sorts of odd jobs, from correspondence to speeches, for the M.P.'s.. In this room ore a long row of ftemi&gton; machines, the busy dick-click of which ib a curious innovation within the walls of Parliament. Messrs. George Wills & Co. have received cable advice from London of the arrival there on the Bth instant of the Lund's line steamer Culgoa. This steamer left Port Adelaide on August 26, with the first parcels of tbe new season's wool clip, and has thus made the passage in good time— 43 days. The photographs by electric Ugfat taken by Mr. T. McGann of members of tbe Adelaide Harmonic Society in the Theatre Royal on Thursday evening were a great success. They will be ready in a. few days. Mr. Clement Wells notifies that he intends to stand for the position oi alderman at the forthcoming municipal elections for the city. 