S K KTOilKLt- THK SPUTTERING CANDLE, Candles to which poets .sentimentally refer as the " light of other days ' are coming in again, although, if the truth were told, they have never been entirely 4 out.' The old families who possess tall silver r.ondlesticks, and a tnuffer-tray, .have kept them in remembranco, and some of the lime in active service, while the poor and squalid have set up candles in the household in old bottles, or any other form of holder that would answer the purpose. But the stronghold of the candle has been the church, which has kept it consecrated to religions useB. There ate still those living among us—those whose childhood knew no other fight, unless it were that of a fagot or an old oil lamp, whale oil being the fluid for burning before the discovery of • petroleum. In those days there were wax candles, a. luxury for I the rich; tallow candles, which were of two kinds, 1 boughttn' and 4 homemade;' the best being of melted tallow and beef suet run in a mold, the poorest composed of tallow 1 and lard, made into shape by the process of dipping. 4 Dips' are still made in rnistic neighborhoods, the process being primitive enough to require no skill.' A tub of the melted grease, a long rod run through a dozen wicks, which are dipped in the grease, then hung across the tub to cool. The dipping and cooling process is repeated until the candle is large enough to burn, and if the one who does the dipping is an expert, it will be nearly as smooth and even as the 4 store* article. No picturesque fancies can be woven about the scientific . light of the present day. Neither gas nor electricity have superstitions to endear theai to the hearts of people. They are purely commercial aud enter not at all into the lives of the family in a sentimental way. • '.There is a letter in the gas' would have no meaning; if gas were capable of such an intuition it would be a biU that would be indicated. • Butf jlks who are old now will remember the fluttering spark that would ohvays cause the remark—now illustrated in a favorite song—'There's a letter in the candle.' They will remember, too, when sitting up with some dear friend who was ill, how the jruttering grease would form a shroud on tbe edge ot the candle, and the test of such occasions, to suddenly blow out the light and then instantly blow it in again; of candles l b at sputtered and burned blue as a ghost passed through the room. These are old superstitions, rooted in the folklore of the country. In the old ballad of 'Lorenzo the I.) rave' ii is recorded: 'Thedon-s as they eyed him drew back in affright, And t.he lights in the chamber burned blue.' It would have boen a cruel awakening to those who believed in these old superstitions to have explained to them the reason why the flame of the candle burned blue—that the change was due to the system of chromatics, every ray of lijjht consisting of tlie seven primary colors of the chemical combination of the hydrogen with oxygen. Swift wrote: ., •The Squire he dropped his pen full soon, Whereat the lights burned bluely.' The l-Jue'light seen to rise from the decaying matter of marshes and ferns is called by t.he su pi rstitious 4 corpse canoles.' 'fetch lights,' or ' dead m.-ia's candles.' If the light is a small one, it is supposed to predict tlTo death of a child; while a large one means an adult. It is related of Saint Gudula, who existed in the seventh century, that she possessed the miraculous power, if her candle -were blown out, of praying the flame back again, for which reason she is represented in her picture with a lanteni. It was the old Roman custom to burn candles to the Goddess Eebrua, tlie mother of Mars, to frighten away the evil spirits. Tbe antiquity of the candle takes us back to the time of Alfred the Great; the first king of England who burned candles to measure time. These lime candles were tapers made of wax, each taper twelve inches long, and capable of burning four hours. Six of these last twenty-four hours: The present style of caudle was used first in the fourteenth century. In 1481 a company -xat formed in London for tlie manufacture of wax candles. The models were the invention of a Frenchman. In 1856, after the discovery of gas, an improvement of Eng Alfred's method was patented in England, in which candles were made with indentations, or colors, to indicate the time. The marra stood for quarter hours half hours and hours. There are two large candle manufacturing establishments in London, one of which covers twelve acres of ground. Candles are still iu constant daily use in London and on the continent. In country liomes the visitor will find his bedroom candlestick awaiting his use on a tab'e iu the hall—a flat candlestick with an extinguisher, it not being either customary o?- convenient to carry a flaming candle in a parlor 4 stick.' The tray of the bedroom candlestick holds matches, and receives any drops of hot tallow or wax which may drop—a certainty when candles are cariied indraughts. At first there were bu* two kinds, wax or tallow; bniinany improvements were made by the introduction of spermaceti, which was first used in 1842 and is an American invention : sperm, paraffine and composite candleB, which have been veiy popular. The paraffine candles were hailed with delight, for they required no snuffing. But it was found •too soft for a warm ballroom, and at a coronation ball given by Maximilian in Mexico the dresses of the noble ladies present were ruined by the melting and dripping of r.he candles, so that the ball broke up in consequence. The great beauty and high illuminating power of wax oandles made them superior to all others. They were of a dazzling white, the wax being bleached to the greatest pcint it is capable of, and resin put in to give it a brittle substance, detected by its' peculiar odor while burning; The colored wax indies are made by the addition of Prussiain blue, chiomate of potassia for yellow, ver- • illion for red, and carmine for crimson. •'•Herf are German wax, pearl wax and Venetian. There is 1 a candle procession in Rome and •ther Catholic oities of Europe on the 2d day of February, otherwise knows as Candlemas day, when all the candles that will be used the ensuing year are consecrated. ' It was formerly a pagan custom, when candles were burned—as they are to this day in some countries—4o frighten away the evil apuita. . '... 4 On Candlemas day Candles and candlesticks throw all away.* The candle is a favorite illustration with the poets' for life itself. ' Out, brief caudle,' Shakespeare happily says;' and again:' 'Night's candles are burned 'out.' 'The \- game is not "worth the candle* is an old say- . ing, and another one is 4 Burning life's candle it both ends.' 1 Shall I have to got' married when I grow «pf asked ttttie Flossie, one day_of her •nother. ^' Just M you please, dear/answered her mother with a smile; 4 most women do, however.' • Yes, I suppose so,' continued the little girl, musingly, 4 and I' guess I better --art right in npd hustle for a jhusband now.' They nay that Aunt Jane has been at 1 for twenty years and hasn't caught on ^ " ' I 