,,. Shori Slorr, THECBDSS-EOABSOaoST. llstjy BOpenrtittonBjjtni linger in certain psrte of Georgia among U» simpler, less enlightened clara of, people, hutifwuiai: ? worae before the srar. Then the conctiy was filled with taunted graveyards, hanntod bouses, tnd other favorite resorts for ghosts, where they were supposed to prowl at any boar between ennuif- anil minnM At the Cros-Roads in Pes-RMge settle jment was one of those haunted graveyards. To be sure, no one could say poati.dj-tfcst he had erer seen anything there more ghostly than a white ehrep, or a cow browsing placidly among the grass-grown monnds but the place was avoided by white and black. It was an old graveyard, -with a drterted church standing-in its midst, a chnrch mouldy andvteathcT-beata), with doors ready to fall from thdr rusty Ling's, and gaping shutter* leas 'windows. No religious services were ever held In it, ot the date of this story, ana it afforded shelter for stray sheep and was a ,JWwtiB? place for bats *nd owls. The STor ~i- .fcjw 'Te» j°st. 'P the road from it, but the W organ negroes were as sbyofthe plaoeas ?r :-.-?- vJUHiunoBravar. . . Silas Sary Ann Morgan was tho terroi sot , volyof her own household,— or rather her . „ teTjihflr1* 'iiposehold,— bnt of the entire ^j. £?S1'W1?*i?teruleo'iler essy-g-oinfc bro ,^.«**«rfli«k spirited eister Miss Caroline, %S-v Jfrow Begroe», asd ifcirasa sore fain! to her ?I 'T™r?SMee SS14 »* luJ'y eubdue Clem her j^^SnoBiar^ flanghter. But the girl liaJ npiril IP; ''y Ber oyn, and it *as a constant struggle ' - rj!^See^^^v^'' dronld oome off victorious, W£t* -was- the watchword of Mies Sary ? ' AnnVlifivand the hum of spinning- wheels \- -ana the clack of Kms ronld be heard on the ^iSjflatfaBon from, daylight until dark, while :/-#3e'wjMidays were granted. it. was a sour™ »°-','\£*ttgret to Miss Sary Ann that eliecoulrl ?flXitot oversee the work of the fiold-hands as ' 'well as thehousehold servants. The nevroes ,- - feared and didjied her, for she coald not ?only scold but punish them. Clem loved her gentle aunt Caroline, Lut taBkmistresn. Miss Sary determined that the igirt should have proper training, though it ?proved one of the hardest tnriss of her life,— . 13p«i bad hjbh mucy wilful way«, nich a knack for avoiding the unlovely duties put upon her. 6h& was taught to spin, to vrcnvo, to sew, and to cook, and her tacks set just the same as the negroes. Miss Sary Ann protested bitterly against the foolishness of raiding; Clem away to rchool. 'Mild my words, Jeff Morgan, you 11 be sorry fnr it v. hou *hc oomestbaclt so Ftuek up an' lazy there'll not bo tmy liyin* in the houso with her. The winter sehoolin' is good cnoueh for most o' tin nsiphbors' children, an' I dou't see why it ain't for Clementine. Girls ain't no business wilh much book-lcarnm',' slie said. 1 The * inter schoolin' is all right a« fnr as itgues, Sary Ann, but because I ain't got much cducaiiun is no reason for not gLvm' Clmi sorao. She's got a better chance, tlmn I hod in my raisin',' naid Jolf, drawing Uin tall, briglit faced girl to his bide. ' But larcii't j-on pot along just as well in the world?' demanded his sister, severely, 'Alaj-Ie so: but ns I haven't tried the oilier way, 1 don't Tmbv.-.' with a touch of whimsical humor. You'll have to srive in this time, Sury Ann. , I ain't interfered mncli with your tminiu' o' Clem, hut I want to lako a Jiaud iu it novr.'^ So Clem Trent away one day, and Miss Caroline wiped her 'prc* furtively on the wimer of hernpron, for fear hor bitter mght toe her foolishly weeping, aud the ucgtooa ?were discon.soki te Education in tho South was a much simpler filing- in llio,c days than it is now, and in the year the finishing to'iclies to the 'winter w;huolin' hnd been compli-toa1 aud Clem JtloriTHU rOtlimod lin*m» Slin iFKfl t\\\a anmn 3iri;ilit, f.'.irlcss creature that she. hud ever been, nudj-et (luingos had boon brought liy tliat brief i».ntact uitli the world tliiouid) a lrfMrdiiig-- wlii.nl. Her «mnii«-s had untight a diiimicr imlidi, she hail luimcd certain litUo cmn.oiUi of drops, nnd knen' in nu imio ernt charming way how to make the most of hcTTo'iilh nud K'i-d looks She could cm broidpr, she could dame vdth cxqniwt« cracc, an.i liuuat ray tlat Ilioao accomplishnieuts were mare a'laiivd hy her neighbors tlmn lior kiinirl- dye of boolin. She wore her full flovriu^' pliiits Jong jijjJ put up har b/on-u liair in a tainaidtf of uirls, with b few soft be witrhiug liltle liuglcts drawn down over icr temples. ' I k'jesr sliu'd bo fpilud,1 fnid Sury Anu, eyinjfjieriiliuons dnd protly flun- er-triinmod liinii'.'ts ivith (item disapproval. But no one else iu llie hou.se)nild found fault wiUi ' Ain't chfiminrt, Cu'linc'r* sdid .Toff Mor pan, nibbing 1,m hands togoUjcr with a t!hiiiOfloufd.lit'lit. 'Xiilmdj wiiiild (hink ►ho bnlongnl to us,' ♦ hill l;uniblt;-n»iuloJ loviii'- Miiustor ro plicil. C em ffas a Rrnsii'lp, lovable girl, or she might, have I rm ejioilcA try Ihe admiration tie roi civoO tliouyb h,ue heiwlf deulnred thai. it would b« imjwwible or, long as she lived nidi S.in- Ann. ClcinV aduiirera were not ixiiifinvd to the mcmbnrs of her family^ Buijor* »rji«!rH3, uod ihen the smoolh our ri'iilcuf l»;r life b'came very stnrmy. For t*nt. 4if ;i|l tho tfinis who come a*wooiug ?i- if ir..rp;;iu'ii daiigi.tcr. rfio set her heart on John Oi-imsom, Hiss Sat} 'a special avcr ii;- wan jiima-lookiiig, intelligent, and tho viiiiiniiiua nf ihnxivutry for his athletic strength and las fine counige. In a wrestle or liuiid lii-luHi-l fijrhl be could notl-e con ^iiuiwl by any champion who had ever entered IVh Ridge sertlianent. ?itosinjynu' tiiflin' an' without i Fpark o riligion in his whole lody,' said Miss Sary -Anp, *eit»v her Jijio firmly togctlicr. 'He Hiwjj'i t Unuk o' con'iu* round hero spar sin ?' 'But he's not oblijrod to work, Sury Ann,' Jwnnnitrutod 'ier brother, wildly. 'His fothar otrnt inote niggers thuu uuy olher tnanitiHicwUleracnt,' ..'tWhiito'aiatf Jfust wewait tel wo ore Jorocdlo- woilt? It's alaq- man that'll do it JJooauBH jiis painrhh ain't no excuse for him In 1-b ,«lSray« gallopin' ovet the settle iftOA H-ithnpack o hounds at his heels, .**Wltin*.;*Clemo)tine necdentbe thinkin' V.noununsaom, l tell you.1 Dot Clcmentino did think of him a gi-eat -I«b1, a«ai penuitted him to ride homo from ^JBMtJio1 ' R'itb her, rwieviag Hiss Sary Aun*ST»O£-iT s«)lding in niiything but a inciik spirit. Words ran high, Mies Sary Ann forbade tueh a thing occurring again, flnd Clem paesioiiatelT declared that if Johneould bot coine, no one eke shrmH. 1 As if 1 tare 1' eaid her aunt, econifnlly. * It sin't Oiem tlwt n.arj'i™ tljat is h&pp-est; ' ? And Olcin fled to Miss Curolinc, weeping stormily. But the struptle ended in apparent tri umph for Hiss Sary Ann Jeff Morgan had not the courage to Ktaud up against her teqipfirand rfjrowipli tongim. llo hud sub mitte.1 io hertj- ranuical will too long to throw t oil (he joke, and persuaded himself that Ctan ft -would soon oreruume the fancy. Ho liked ^JohnCrisfOm, he secretly admired him for ?lid superb strength aud fearlessness, but if Bury Ann raid that it was godlossnces, he did ^wmtranict her. ^KSo Cl'tn went about the house with heavy Ba and a rebellious carve in her lips. Miss ^Kry Ann keptsuch a close watoh. ov*r her ^?keven chance meetings with her lover ^^^^K1 ycrf satisfactory. She sat in the ^^^^^n-m one afternoon, ' pieoin' quUti1 ^^^^^Klging in fomi titter thoughts, ^^^^^B&bb; Clem, Mis» i.,cm, yo' in darf ^^^^^^vhrill uhL-per front (lie window hy ^^^^^?r -corner, nnd a woolly head nnd ^^^^^^?cface appeared above the windew taem looked up listlessly from the work. ? What do you -want, DavePj 'Mars'.. John eentyo' die,* holding np a fotded'papet-. : The gid keajttered her quilt- pieoes r right ftftdJeft, the t-olor flying to tor face. ? Where did fouTseo him, Dave'f ? ' Down in de big road.' The note was but a line hastily scrawled TOiidiprf paper, but'Clenr'a heart beat quickly as die read . 'Meet n.e at the Croaa-Boads chnrch to-night, Clem, my dearest. I must see yon.' 'Clementine!' . Dave's head vanished from the window, and hu young mistress barely had time to thrust the note into her woik- basket beforo Miss Sary Ann entered tho room. 1 Wliv don't you bring- in that piece o' cloth bleachin' on the gracs in tho back yard? It does seem to me, Clementine, that you get more and more neglectful every day o' your life, an' ? ' * I will bring in the cloth this instant, Aunt Sary,' said the gill eagerly, and in her baste to escape, fbe upmt tie basket. She hurriedly gathered up the work, but, alas, not the innooent little note, and she had just dii-appear&l; from tho room when her aunt's shuip eyes fell on it. She picked it up and read it. ' Ahn ! that is what they arc. up to, is it? roeetin' at the Cross-Hoads .' she mnttera?. grimly, her eyes scinlillHtirg. her gray hair fairly standing on end with indignation. 'Whats the matter, Sary Ann?' iu qnircd Miss Caroline, entering the room rather timidiy, hut Miss Sary Ann paid no heed to her. ' They're bound to havo their onn wny' are they? Well, we'll Hcer If talkin' an, scoldin' won't do, then I'll try some other way o' teachin' them they can' t go ag'in' me.' ' What ails you f her sister again inquired, enriorfty overcoming prudence. 'Bead that, an' you'll gee,' she said, Sing ing the note to her. 'Bear ! dear!' ejaculated Miss Caroline, and pat down, treiubb'nn*, not with anger, but in fear of tho punishment laid up for luckless Clem. She remembered certain tender passages in her own youth, and secretly M-mpaUiized with (he young poople. ' You'll not be hard on her, Sary iuu r' she said, entrehtinjrly. ' I'm determined they shan't marry, if I have to lock her up. Il'a a care for Revere meapures. Ca'iine. an' I'll ti-v Kkrwi'n' Hpr out of the fooliRl'ness.' ' La !' gasped Mis- Caroline. 'Yes. I'm goin' to play the graveyard g} oat to-night when eho passes by, an' ] dou't think tho'll waut to nee John GrisBom again, certainly not at the Cross-Eoads Tiie idee o' them 'pintin' a mcctiu' right nuder my nose, as it were ! I'll *how 'em what I can do. If I don't tkeer the life out o' 'cm !' Timid, superstitioaB Miss Caroline shivered aud cast tin involuntary glance behind her. ' Rut -ron't you be afraid ?' Sh'sfl Sary Ann sniffed contemptuously. ' Afraid ? No. Dou't be a plum fool, ' Ent you know that plnoe W really ha'uted. It hasn't been long sinie Andy, comin' from bis wife's house, was mighty near steered to death pnssin' there. What if you was to see eometbm' i' ' I'm not a coward, afraid o' my own whaddcr. But dun'tyoti tell Clementine any thing about this, or I'll ? * She did not finish the throat, but Miss Caroline faltered and promised to keep silent, though ii cost her a tore pung to do Dave crept softly out from tho chimney ranier, 1/is Muck fane twisted into a queer grimace, his eyes shining like beads. lie wiw a tall, wiry boy, about wvcnti'cn ye:irs old, unnsuhlly fhrewd aud quick-witted', and [ the sfpupcjiit of the place. He was charged ' w»th all tile untracciible stealing and lying and various other misdemeanors, and ho Ji.-tted iljMi S.-try Anu as strongly as lie loved Clem. Her plnn to frighten his young mis tress tilled him with wrath and terror. ' Do debbil gwine get dat 'oman, Kliu',' ho muttered between his sharp white teeth. If he iwild only turn her own scheme ngttinst, her ! Could ho pluck up courage to enter the gravovnrd after dark ? D.ire he risk her wrath sfiould the discover the trick? But n-hat n fweet revenge it would be to ►care her 1 It would not ouly be a righte ous defunct! of Miss Clementine, but would repay him for some of the lashings he had received. While thinking the mutter over, lie fnadverlcuUy st.rollud :i round the comer of the house wliero Miss Sary Anu couli see h'm from the kikhcu door. ' You Dave,' she instantly screnmcS, 'what do you mean idlin there, an' the pigs not fed, nor tho cows turned into the lot P Jt'e a wonder to roe your bones don't drop to pieces with laziness.' He Huampcred nimbly away towards ihe bares and stables, shaking his fet at her' when f af ely hiddcu from her eyes. That evening, Sliss Sary Ann, having secured a large sheet — it would not require a very plaboialc ghost to fjighlcn ihe girl, sho argued — slipped out through tbe back gate, walked by the lot nnd the scope of woods beyond, and entered the graveyard. Oavo, lying under the opplo- trees in the back yard, rose and stnnll.hily followed her. Tho moon was rising, and silvery shafts of light mnrkert the openings between tho tree?, falling here on an uncovered mound, thcro ou whitewashed head-board. The windows in the old church were like black, eyeless sockets, and an owl hooted dismally as it flow under the eaves. If Hiss Sury Ann's courage weakened nnd she thought of the iinpleajjaut (.toried connected with ihe place, her steady( unfaltering steps did not betray it. Not so with the boy stealing like a shadow after her. His knees quaked, his cowardly soul grew faint within him. Every snapping twig, every fantastic shadow, made his wool stand on end, sent a frosh aguo uf tenor over him. At the edge of the grave yard he hesitated on instant, tempted to throw off h!a disguUe and take to his heels, but the roiuembrauco of past injuries and tho thought of eorving his young mistress nerved him to skulk in among Hie graves Miss . Sary Ann stationed licrsolE under a low*pHK«!ing codar ne*r the roadside, and Dave crawled slowly nnd cautiously near her, crouching behind a pile of loose stones. Thus thoy waited, while the moon rose higher, and the jnysterioup-looking shadows falling over the graves shifted their positions and assumed new shapes. A ghostly wiud sprang up in snme black hollow of the woods, swept over the burying ground, rattled thn tottering church doors, nud passed sighingly away.' The superstitious negro crouched loner in his hiding place to escape the spirits of the nifeht. It « as a gruesome spot for n lovers' tryst, but John Grissom, not feeling afraid of, 'man, beast, or devil,' could not conceive of cowardice in others, in Clem least of all' Clem walked down the road, singing softly, tn keep up her courage, her cyo* straying in -snwiUui£ fiiscinntiDn towards Ibe grave yard. SccreUy she wished thnt her lover had Milccti-Hl some more cheerful spot for tho meeting, but ihe thought of seeing him moved her to hasten on. It was tho moment AfiNg Sary Ann hud been impatiently waiting for, and enveloped in the sheet with only an opening left for her eyes to behold aud enjoy the girl's terror, die slowly rose and stepped out from under the cedar. At tho same instant. T)avo made his appearance in | the full sheen uf moonlight, and Clem had ! a pair of ghostt to comtcmplato. The bny ! bail allowed his imagination full play in his i make-up, and the effect was truly ninrvellous. Naturally Mack as the ace of spades, he bar! adorned his face with broad chalk rings. A white skull-cup, with horns attached, on his head, and a long i-hapde&s; white covering j over lus body gave him a truly Satanic j | appraraac'. ] I it was altogether too much for C!«n. Tor j ' a moment the stood usibouffh tl-antfiied in ttewfldasi ofihe roia* ^ fhen, oatciinir ai ghmpse of hm. lovar .bastenmg froni^hB fhnrnh «teps,»hfenttarea»dirielr\of minded joyand. terror, and fled straight to his ftmiT'~ %» it -^l&ss; Sary AalSSm toSt!^ ? ^S'*^.^ 'tfe^sbe amply ^tarea with unbelieving eyesiatit. Hid the tiunff' * risen ontrf ihe solid «rthf W materialised - torn ^ empty aii f Shei&HKMiJiir; rising «b%rher Wood seemed to be JonrtAUoffw ? her Tdna. Her knees shook, Tier Swart be came aa water. . It was retribution. Satan himself had comefcn-ber. Shu who would have scoffed at ghoste, flouted the cowardly terrors of others, boasting of her own iron nerve, felt amplv punished at that moment. Mated with his snncess, Dave uttered a sepulchral groan and advanced a pace towards her. With a ? scream that startled tho bats and tho owls and raised a hundred echoes, she stumbled over a grave and lied up the road homo, trailing her ghostly draperies after her. It was so good an illustration of the old story. 'Bun, white devil, black d«vil calch you ' the negroes were fond of telling, that John Onssom shoufed with laughter and nnred on Jis flight. Tho poor woman heard him, but, in h«r demoralized state of tnind, im agined it to be a demoniac laughter. Shn had been completely routed, her nrro^ant courage gone, her dignity upset. Tho farter she ran the greater her terror, and when «he reached the houso. slia stumbled up the nazza. steps aud foil at hpr bi other's foot begging him to sure her. — »*iii;i,r wic uuu-scQoia ana 1H0 negro quarters into groat commotion, for (lie nem that Miss Sury Ann hud seen tV rtevil'nen J-j° wind onT tLe r1:lce- The negroi r did not doubt it ; the only wonder was th:i( he did not get her After hairing his risroi's nrcount of the matter, Jeff Morgan walked down to t.hr Cross Roads ; but ito burying ground l.-.y nan in shadow, ialf in mocnlight, deserter icaeeful with the melancholy pence of deatli. Clem and her lover were pacinir up «nd dnwn the road, talking, and Muiyim kindly ordered them to go with him to tun house to finish their conversation, as ho did not wisl; Ciran to run auy risk of being borne away by enl spirit*. J ' Sob?r daylight thoughts convince! Miss Sary Ann that she had been imposed upon but it was too kite to reassert her author ity. 'I don't see as it's any n«o to koep up thl fooliBbniss,' wn'd her brother. ' l'uo ilirin't seem to hare much sunw.t- in hkueriu' Clem so I think th.it we'll let her ni.il Julm marry.' She was not rilcncnrl, but as the story of the ghost leaked out iu tho set'lpment ►lin waj so ticourged with jists and jcitfo that the was glad (o yield. As for Dave, ho kept the secret of his port in tlint adventure, ardently a« he Iung«ii to tell it, for he knew that if Miss S»rV Ann learned tlie truth his punishment u-ciiiM be severe. Ho was part of Rltiti«bcinc'« mar riage dowry, and years after us biij become a faithful aud highly .viiued lionse-scrvant he confessed to her h'ji share in ibit 'hntt- walkingat din Crisa.Koads.-ifatt O:im. 