(Sunbag IfUabntg. TRE LOVE BEHIND SERVICE. Hiv Rev. R: E. BAKTtETT. 1LA.1 Preached in Westminster Abbey. 'The Pharisees, when they heard that He had put tfce Sodducces to silence, 'gathered themselves to gether. And one of them, a lawyer, asked Him a question, tempting Him, blaster, which is the great commandment in the law? And He said unto him, Thou shslt love the Lord thy God with all tby heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind. This is the jrreat- anil first comma.ndment And a second like unto it is this, Thou shait love iliy neighbor as thyself. On these two eomuianduii:nts hangtth the whole law, and the prophets.' — Matt. sxii. 34-10. In order to understand, the object of this lawyer, or scribe, as St. Mark culls him, in asking this question of our Lord, we must_ try for a moment to put ourselves in his position. It Las been observed that the Jewish nation, who before the Babylonian captivity had been very apt to adopt the idolatrous and sensual worship of the nations round about, had by the stem discipline of the exile been fiually and for ever taught the great lesson of fidelity to the God of Israel j by the waters of Babylon they leai-ned to remember Zion ; and when they had', no temple and no national sanctuary tlie law became to them the symbol of their national existence. The Scribes, the preservers and expounders and interpreters of the law, became a more influential and snore important class than the priests. An elaborate system of casuistry sprang up, according to v.'hicb. the various pre cepts of ike law, meaning thereby not the law of Moses only, but ttfe whole mass of litera ture since known its the Talmud, were cLissiued as to thetr\\. obligation and rela tive importance, so thst the national religion by the time of oujr^ Lord's coming had beeonio largely a mafcfe? of questions about the law ; and questions ffi^cre&ionial;, of dress, of Sabbath olsservanceLi had been raised to the same rank with the weightier matters of the law, judgment, and mercy aud faith. And therefore when this scribe, whose niind and thoughts had no doubt been running on the infinitesimally little ques tions that were debated between the rival schools of the Itabhts. came to Jesus with the question, What cummandment is the first of all'' he no doubt honestly expected that the Master who had already answered them w-jU would give a decision on the one side or ou the other — a decision which would mark him as a supporter of one of the existing parties, or evou as the founder of a new party. Aud now notice what our Lord's answer is. He does not say this or that duty is paramount ; He does not say, as He did on another occa sion, that to honor one's father and mother is more important than to give an offering to the Temple; He goes at once, above :iil questions as to the relative importance of commandments, up to the first prin ciple ou which the 'law depends. ' Hear, O Israel ; the Lord our God, the Lord is one ; and thou shait love the Juord thy God with all thy heart, and with ail thy soul, and with all thy mind, and with all thy strength.' This great fundamental principle, wliich lay, as it were, embedded in the Law of Deuteronomy, He brings forth as tlie corner-stone of the whole edifice oil which all the rest depends ; the principle which St. Paul restates in the words *' Love is the fulfill ing of the law,' and which -St. John expresses in words which sound like an echo of his Master's voice, 'God is love ; and he that abideth in love abidetli in God, and God abideth in him.:- To love God, this is the main thing, this is the great and first com mandment. And a second like unto it is this, *' Thou shait love thj- neighbor as thyself.11 It is a very high standard this, the highest that can be set before us. And it is quite natural that we should ask — Hoiv is it possible for us, compassed as we are with infirmity, beset with all sorts of lower motives and impulses, to rise to so high an attainment a.s this*' How can we hope to love God with all our heart, and soul, and mind, when our atfec tions are constantly twining themselves about lower objects, when we are constantly aud inevitably anxious and troubled about many things, when The world is too much with us ; late and soon, letting and spending, we lay waste our powers ? Yes, the love of God as the supreme motive of our lives is the liighest thing, and there fore the last that we arrive at ; it is by loving all that is Godlike, ail that is good and true and pure and noble, that we must leam to iove God. That is why we ijray to God to cleanse the thoughts of our hearts by His Holy Spirit that we may perfectly love Him, because evil thoughts, worldl}'- and impure imagination stifle and kill the love of God in our hearts. It is not a thing that can bu gained at once by a single passionate effort ; we must set it before us as the object of our prayers, of our self -discipline, of our strivings after holiness. God loves from wliola to pails ; but human soul Hint riss from indiviJuji to the whole. The love of God consists uot in excited feel ings, it is a steady principle pervading our whole life ; the test of our love is to be found not in our sensations, not in moments of ecstatic adoration, but in the quiet walking in tilt.-. \ia,ih of duty, iu the turning away from I'vil, in our ruadinii*; to give up our own will, in loviug our neighbor as ourselves. For the.se two commandments cannot be dk socialed one from the other. There have been times in the church's history, there have been phases of the spiritual life in which the love of God seems to have been cultivated at the expense of the love of man, and when a mystical exaltation oi' tlie spiritual euiotionn took the place of patient continuance in well doing, that most beautiful of devotional books, 'Tlie Imitation of Christ,' says nothing, or next to nothing, of imitating Him in the tservice of man, but ouiy of following Him in the path of humility and obedience. The evangelical revival, rich as it was in good works, yet confined its teaching almost en tirely to the relation of the individual soul to God ; and it has recently been said, not altogether unjustly, that in the older High Church type of religion *' the ideal of personal holiness had not yet been fused with the ideal of social service.' But if we dwell exclusively upon the tirct aud great commandment, and forget the second that is like unto it, we shall generate an imperfect, maimed, selfish form of religion ; we shall lose sight of the idea of the kingdom of heaven ; we shall need to be reminded of the words of the apostle of love, 'This commandment have we from Him, that he who loveth God love his brother also.'' But for us in the present day the danger lies rather in the opposite direction. We have been told by modern teachers that the love of God is no'longer a possible motive, for that indeed we know nothing of God. we kiiou- not that God is : but that this ueed not be .my ]css to our moral nature, for the service of God is destined in the new age to be superseded by the service of man. And it cumot be denied tiiat in. this latter part of the nineteenth century, u'ong with a widespread decay of Christian faith and along with the rapid growth of democratic ideas, thc-re has passed over human society a great wave of sympathy for suffering, an onthusia-sm of humanity, a desire to remedy all remediable evils, sm im patience of social inequality, a restless yarn inj: after a better age when there shall l-e neither sorrow nor crying, neither shall there be any more pain, which promises an era of universal ease and comfort. But are we quite sure that any kind of outward reform — social, jwlitical, economic, sanitary — will touch the seat of the disease of which mankind is sick, aud of wliich so ruany modern practitioners :«-e eager to undertake tlie cure ! What arc the terms of the renewal which God proposes to mankind? 'I heard a great voice out of the throne, saying, Behold, the tabernacle of God is with *men, and He sliall dwell with them, and they shall be His peoples, and God Himself shall be with them, and be their God; and He shall wipe away every tear from their eyes ; aud death shall be no more' —death is a difficulty whieh none of our modern reformers has undertaken to abolish — ' neither shall there be mourning, nor crying; nor pain any more ; the first things are passed away. And' He that sitteth on the throne said, Behold, I make all things new.*' To make all things uew — tuat is the popular cry with so many nowadays. Yes, but what is the condition of this great renewal ? That God should dwell with men, that they should lie His peoples, and that (^od Himself should be with them and Imj their God. Most as suredly there is plenty of work that needs doing, plenty of wrong tliat needs setting right, plenty of suffering that can and ought to be remedied. Go into the courts and lanes of London and see what the conditions of life are there, even after all that h:«s been done in the last 30 years, and ask your selves how you would like to live there. Look at the terrible struggle for life, growing more and more intense, in which the weakest must go to the wall ; look at the un sanitary conditions of work, at the depressed physical condition of so many of the working class ! Yes, there is indeed plenty to be done, and how are you going to get it done V Will you- say. All men must leam that they are responsible for their fellow -citizens? But what have you to say to the man who repu diates all responsibility — who says, I have enough to make me comfortable — why should I trouble myself about other people? I intend to take my ease, to eat, drink, and be merry. There is not much hope of improving such a. man unless vou can get him to see that he in responsible nof to the State, not to society, but to God ; that God is his Father and the Kather^f .all men, and that therefore he owes a duty to his brother; that God sent him -into the world not to enjoy himself, but to work for Ins fellow men. Or look at tho condition of some of our principal etreets at night time. What can legislation, what can social reform, do for that terrible cancer V Nothing but the love of God issuing in the love of man ; nothing but that self -reverence and reverence for all God s .children which springs from the bblief tiiat God loves and cares for alL can cleanse society from such a festering plague-spot. I say, then, that the love of our neighbor dissociated from the love of God is not to be depended on as a steady and permanent motive. You will say, perhaps, that this which is distinctly an age of philanthropy anc of effort for the bettering of the conditions oi human life is also an age in which the love of many is waxing cold, in which religion, while it makes a great outward manifestation, is really losing its power over the hearts and affections of men, and that therefore there is good reason to believe that unselfish devotion to the service of mankind will outlive the break-up of Christian belief. But have you forgotten that for nearly 1,'JOO years the leaven of Christ's teaching has been gradually pene trating the mass of human society, and that the impetus towards beneficence which has all through time been accumulating cannot be dissi pated at once ? Christ's words, ' Whosoever would become great among you shall be your minister ; and whosoever would be lirst among you shall be servant of all ; for verily the Son of Man came not to be ministered unto, but to minister and to give His life a ranso:n to all' — these words are familiar enough to us, and we do not consider what a revolution these and like words have made in the relations of men to each other. The Christian tradition of helpfulness, of brotherly kindness, must last, though with ever-decreasing influence, for some generations ; but do you believe that it would survive a century of agnosticism. Do you believe that men will continue to love and serve one another when the idea of the love and service cf God aud of responsibility to Kim has dropped out of their minds and ceased to influence them ? Civilised society has been built up and organised on Christian founda tions ; may we not transfer to this the words used by St. Paul in another con nection — 'Other foundation can no man lay than that which is laid, which is Jesus Christ V Philosophers tell us that Christianity is destined to pa.ss away aud to be succeeded by a higher morality, a less selfish type of religion. But where the Christian faith Las lost its hold on men's minds, where men have been estranged from Christ bv misrepresentation or by ecclesiastical pretensions, or by the restless and unsatisfied spirit of the age do we iiud, as a matter of fact, that morality is thy gainer ''. Are not wanton and wasteful luxury, un scrupulous competition, the principleof every man for hiniself, greatly on the increase? There is not, I suppose, too much of the love of God iu modern .Paris ; is there very much of the love and her vice of man? Take out of human life, the things that are not seen, the love of God, the. hope of immortality^— and what remains ? Let us eat and drink, for to morrow we die. On these two commandments hang all the law and the prophets. It _ would have been well for Christendom if these two commandments had always been made, as Christ our Lord makes them, the essential part of religion. As the scribe whose question called forth our Lord's reply confessed, to love God with all the heart, and 'with all the understanding-, and with all the strengxh, and to love his neighbor as him self, is much more than all whole burnt oifer ings and sacrifice. As St. Paul says : — ' If I have the gift of prophecy, aud understand all mysteries and all knowledge, and if I have all faith, so as to remove mountains, but have not love, I am nothing.' It is not by ;the con fession of a true faith, it is not by being active in religious matters, it is not by zealous Churehtnanship or by zealous IS uncon formity, that we can really draw near to God ; it is by loving Him for all that He is and for all that He has done for us ; it is by abiding in Him and by His abiding in us. And if we so love God, we :,haU as-surodly love one another, not, as St. John says, iu word, neither with tho tongue, hut in deed and in truth. And now eas- of solution would be all the social and economical problems which besnt us if only we so loved one another ; if only we cared as much for our neighbors interest as for our own : if only we did nothing through faction or vainglory, not looking' each one to liis own things, but each one also to the things of others ! How different would public life be if men sought election or accepted election to Parliament, or to the county council, or to the school board not to promote the interest each one of his own party or of his own class, but with an honest desire to do the very best for the highest interests of all their fellow-men ! How different would the tone of our newspapers be if the writers thought first not what will serve a party but what is true ! How different would be tho relation of landlord and tenant, of employer and employed, if each sought not his own interest, but the interest of the other ! How easily would trade disputes be arranged if the opposite parties met, not as adversaries, but as brothers ! If only these two great commandments were kept, then surely the kingdom of God — that kingdom which is righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost — would indeed bo high at hand. What a different, what a far Ijetter aud happier world it would be if those who call themselves Christ's disciples would take for th«ir rulu of social lifa those words of our blaster which we are still so fat* from having learnt, *'A new commandment I give unto you, that ye love one another ; even as I have loved you, that ye also love one another.' 