THE SPANISH ARMADA. THE CONCLUDING SCENES. The Armada had been ostentatiously a religious crusade. The preparations had been attended with peculiar solemnities. In the eyes of the faithful it was to be the execu tion of Divine justicB on a wioked prinoess and a wicked people. In the eyeB of millions whose convictions were less decided it wasau ap peal to God’s judgment to deoido between the Reformation and the Pope. The Spaniards were experienced sailors; a voyage round the Orkneys and round Ireland to Spain might be tedious, but at that season of the vear need not have seemed either dangerous or difficult. On inquiry, how ever, it was found that the' condition of the fleet wag seriously alarming. The provisions placsd on board at Lisbon had been found unfit for food, and almost sli had been thrown into the sea. The fresh stores taken in at Corunna had been consumed, and it was found that at the present rate there would be nothing left in a fortnight. Worse than all, the water- casks re-filled there had been carelessly stowed- They had been SHOT THROUGH IN THE FIGHTING and were empty; while of clothing cr other comforts for the cold regions which they were entering no thought had been taken. The mules and norses were flung overboard, and Scotch smacks which had followed the retreating fleet reported thatthey hadsailed for miles through floating carcases. The rations were rednoed for each man to a daily half .roond.a£.l>wcuit,.apiiit of .water and a pint of wine. Thus, sick and hungry, ' the' wounded left to the cate of a medical officer; who went from ship to ship, the subjects of so many prayers were left to encounter the climato of the North Atlantic. They passed the Orkneys in a single body. They then parted, it was said in a fog, bat eaon com mander had to look ont for himself and his men. In many ships water must be had somewhere, or they would die. The San Martin, with sixty consorts, went north to the sixtieth parallel. From that height the pilots promised to take them down clear of the coast. The wind still clung to the west, each day blowing harder than the last. When they braced round to it their wounded spars guve way. Their rigging parted. With the greatest difficulty they made at least suffioieut offing, and rolled down somehow out uf sight of DIPPING THEIR YARDS IN THE ENORMOUS SEAS. Of the rest, one or two went down among the Western Isles and became wrecks there, their crews, or part of them, making their way through Scotland to Flanders. Others went north to Shetland or the Faroe Islands. Between thirty and forty were tempted in upon the Irish coastB. There were Irishmen in the fleet, who mast have told them that they would find the water there for which they were perishing, safe harbors, and a friendly Catholic people; and they found either harbors which they oonld not reach or sea-washed sands and reefs. They were ail wrecked at various places bstween Donegal and the Blaskets. Something like eight thousand half-drowned wretches STRUGGLED ON SHORE ALIVE. Many were gentlemen, richly dressed, with velvet coats, gold oliains and rings. The cemmon sailors and soldiers had been paid their wages kofore they started; each had a bag of ducats laahod to his waist when ho landed through the surf. The wild Irish of the coast, tempted by the booty, ' knocked unknown numbers of them on the head with their bsttleaxes, or strippod them naked and left them to die of the cold. On one long sand strip in Sligo an English officer counted . ELEVEN HUNDRED BODIES, and he heard that there were as many more a few miles distaut. The better educated of the Ulster chiefs, the O’Rourke and O’Donnell, hurried down to stop tho butchery and spare Ireland the shame of murdering helpless Catholio friends. Many—how many cannot he said—found protection in their castles. Bat even so it seemed as if some inexorable tate pursued all who had sailed in that doomed expedition. Alonzo do Leyva, with half a hundred young Spanish nobles of high rank who were under his special chatgo, made hiB way in a galleass iuto Killibeg. He was himself disabled in landing. O'Donnell received and took care of him and his companions. After te maining in O’Donnell’s castle for a month he recovered. The weather appeared to mend. The galleass was patched up, and Da Leyva ventured an attempt to make hii way in her to Scotland. He had passed the worst danger, and Scotland was almost in sight; but Fato would have Us victims. The galleass BtruoK a rock off Danluoe and went to pieces, and Don Alonzo and the princely youths who had sailed with him were WASHED ASHORE, ALL DEAD, to find an unmarked gravo in Antrim. Most pitiful of all was the fate of those who fell into the hands of the English garrisons in Galway and Mayo. Galleons had fonnd thoir way into Galway Bay; one of them had reached Galway itself, the orews half dead with famine, and offer ing a cask of wine for a oaek of water. The Galway townsmen were human and tried to feed and care for them. Meet were too far gone to be revived, and died of exhaastion. Some might have re covered, bat recovered they wonld be a danger to the State. The English in the West of Ireland were bat a handfal in the midst of a sullen, half- conanered popu lation. The ashes of the Desmond rebel lion were still smoking, and Dr Sanders and his Legatine Commission were fresh in immediate memory. The defeat of the Armada in the Channel conld only have been vaguely heard of. All that English officers conld have aconratcly known most have been that an enormous expedition had been sent to England by Philip to restore the Pope; and Spaniards, they feund, were landing in thousands in the midst of them with arms and money; distressed for the moment, but sure, if allowed time to get their strength again, to set Connaught in a blaze. They had no fortresses to. hold so many prisoners, no means of feeding them, no men.to spare to escort them to Dublin. They were respon Bible to the Queen’s Government for the safety of the country. The Spaniards had not coma on any errand of meroy to her or hers. The stem order went ont to KILL 1HEM ALL wherever they might be fonnd, and two thou and or more were shot, hanged, or pat to the sword. The sixty ships which had followed the San Martin succeeded at last in getting round Cape Clear, . hnt in a condition scarcely less miserable that that ef their companions who had . perished in Ireland. Half their companies died—died of natended wonnds, hanger, thirst and famine fever. The sur vivors were moving skeletons, more shadows and ghosts than living men, with scarce strength left them to draw a rope or . handle a tiller. In come ships there was no water for fourteen days. The weather in the lower latitudes lost put of its violence, er not one of them wonld have seen Spain again c As it was, the/ drifted on outside Soilly and . into the Bay of Biscay, and in the second j week in September they dropped in one by ^ t 