, Jltty Jote Book, . Bt " Reginald." f . '> ' - No Bobbprtaft the field for the <3&- field Bdeei Stakes been deBpatohe&jran; Gongh Bad to get to work onGarskge/ and although that resolute "horseffian brought all his propelling power to bear, Uarbme'a. near relative never at any pare, .of the journey showed even a glimpse Of hie three-year-old brilliancy. When in auctioning Pickles at Catjl- field on Saturday Mr. TniUe referred io the little grey as » the best pony in the world," ' that gentleman very -neatly 8 track the nail on tbe head. . vtr - i Previous to his winning tbe . Ooota- mondra Cup £300 was, I believe offered and refused for Ready Money; Not much to look at, but a rumt'ug to go, is the Sydney two=yearold Coolaita, obw. oh a'viait to -thie part of the .globe. Cobbitty young brother scarcely " looks his pjart,"rbut his ill-shape does not eeem to hamper ..the movement of his lege. What matter the make and shape t Getting up pace is the. main thing, and Coolaltft 18 eerbiuih not vmntin? an Aliin respect..- '» -V , \ . During his stay on this ride of the Murray, the two- year-old gelding, Oreme d'Ofi oiit to be found capable of adding to his Wpning record. Deoidedly smart, is the lengthy and well-oonditioned bay son of Marvellous, and it will take -a slippery one of his age to get over five furlongs before him. In Eli, who recently came across from. Tasmaniat J. Monro has what looks like, the makings of a useful customer over the "lofty" timber. Just the cut to succeed at tbe big wood business is Eli, and very likely he will be heard of In that department all in good time. The Buccaneer, who was a while ago talked of in connection with the New market Handicap, walked very lame after miming in the Oakleigh Forae on Saturday. To appearances, one of the beat con ditioned horses at Canlfield was Erl King. 'Tbe big eon of The Duke looked trained to .the hour. Pfcldes is a splendid advertisement for his sire, Invermay, whowas Mtn— If a first-class racehorse. On a Friday afternoon last, one of Foolain's starting machines erected in the Newmarket straight vau nlacnd at the disposal of Flemington trainers. Tbe nse of the apparatus was not extensively availed of, but in the .trials it had the substitute for the red fiag man worked capitally. f . There would seem to be good reasons for believing that the true sportsman like feeling that need to be eo much shown by racecourse crowds in years gone by is very little in evidence nowa days. This was brought home with force at Canlfield on Satnrday, when the magnificent performance of Whakawatea waB allowed to go by unrecognised by the assemblage. Challenger's return to scale was heralded with cheers, and justly so. Syllabus and his rider were accorded well -won applause; but Whakawatea, who perhaps most merited a favorable demonstration, had to make his way back to the enclosure in silence after smothering a first-class field with 9st 131b on his back. Maybe, however, the cause of the great difference in the receptions given Whaka watea and the other two winners- -men-' tioned is -not far to seek. Chaliouear- and ' Syllabus were both public fanoios-rif tbe betting quotations are to be relied on — while Whakawatea only found sapport from eertain quarters. The inference to be taken is, then, that in these times, when everybody bets, there are few who oan properly appreciate a good horse unless they profit by any success he may achieve. That's just about the size of the matter. It used not to be so, though, I've seen the day when the audience would rise as one and cheer to the echo such a mighty deed as that which the Sydney eider was responsible for on Saturday. " How," now argue the weight theorists, " can Fortunatus have the ghost of a chance with Bessie Maearthy in tbe New market Handicap?" Wben it is taken into account that Mr. Gollan's filly ex perienced no difficulty in getting rid of Power's mount (who was ridden right out) at s difference of a pound in her favor in the Select Stakes, it certainly does not seem very probable that Fortunatus will be equal to squaring accounts with his Caulfield victress in the big sprint r&ce; when he meets her on so mucu worse terms in regard to " ballast." The thing locks, it must be said, out of doubt so far as these two candidates are concerned. But there are, it should be borne in mind, no set rules for deciding these kinds of arguments. The game is a terribly uncertain one, and it would not be an occurrence without a parallel if r ryingpan B80D got down tbe Re win ante t straight before Xngomar'a daughter. Since he returned to his former haunts from Caulfield Anchor has put in more than one good word for himBslf. At Cootamundra recently the Roman-nosed obestnut made a one-horse race of a Welter Handicap, and at Junee last week he further bettered his reputation by annexing tbe Flying Handicap in ltnin 161sec, carrying 8st 101b. Second to Anchor in the latter race was i Geraldine (8st 8)b), one of the very best , performers about the Riverina, and if she j was anything like herself Anchor's per- ; formanoe was a really good one. I . Envy, who was among the winners i at the late Junee (N.S.W.) races, is an own brother to. Ganmain, bring by Sunrise from Grand Flaneur's daughter, Dorothy. Loolong.at Wallace before he started for the Oakleigh Plate on Saturday, it struck me that tbe chestnut looked a trifle above himself, and that another ! week's work would not harm him. Interviewed in his box yeeterd> the South Australian, Broken HQ, e a particularly well-trained appearance. Mr. John Hill has certainly succeeded in once more getting the last Aui calian Oup winner in rare good " twig," and if the Richmond horse does not " earn" at the approaching autumn meeting at Flemington it won't be through want of 'condition. Bright, muscular, strong, and healthy, Broken looks quite ready for action. Through being accidentally collided with Patron sustained a slight hurt at Flemington on Saturday morning, which mishap caused the big chestnut's with" drawal from the Oaulfirid Select Stakes. «o t-vx.ua.pr murmiig A Btroq paiq nuusoai visit to Sue think, aJTtT showed norighaof. being in any way amiss. That The Admiral has not, during bis absence from business, forgotten Jiow to use his lees Mr. Cook's hone clearly proved at Flemington on Saturday morn ing when ho joined The Harvester at the six furlongs post and ran home in 21sec. Just now The Admiral looks Wbnderfully well, and it is very evident that his reign of usefulness on the turf hfcs not yet ended. Caet week it was mentioned in this column that Silver Rose, a foil sister in blood to Moss Rose, Roseleaf, etc., had been doing well about her own distriot. Sinoe that report Silver Rose has further bettered her reputation by winning easily, with 8st 121b on, the Junee Handicap, one mile and a quarter, in 2min 13see. Silver Rose is a really well-built mare, and that she is a bit of a daisy there cannot be the shadow of a doubt Wallace had anything but a smooth passage in tbe Oakleigh Plate, the eon of Carbine getting quite enough knocking about during the progress of the flutter to jeopardise his chance of success. At one part of the Oakleigh Plate run, and not a great distance awoy from borne v»«v.| iiuaaanaMM nan ttUBOiUMMjr Ittov. Tet be ploughed his way through tbe opposition and actually won with a bit in hand at the finish. Should Whakawatea manage to rid himself of the opposition in the New market Handicap there will . he joy in Wollongong. It is from that seaport town- in New South Wales that the ex- Maorilander hails, and as the punters thereabout generally support their repre sentatives pretty solidly, it is pretty safe to assert that Whakawatea will carry a fair parcel of bullion from that quarter next Saturday. A well-known Sydney racing man, who owns a smart two-year-old, is credited with being the biggest winner over Wbakaw&tea;'B Oakleigh Plate Buccess. When the said New South Welshman goes for a royal dash and gets there he invariably leaves his mark. Whatever might be urged against Vanitas for his defeat at Oaulfield, even hie worst enemies will scarcely dare to dispute his gamenese. Beaten he waB .ea'&y; enough at tbe finish, but to his credit be.it said that, notwithstanding the hopelessness of the task, Fielder's golding battled after && Wollongong flier with unflinching determination. From the torn home Vanitas did not slow down much either, but Whakawatea coming so fast made it appear as though he did. It was a case of a cood, same horse meeting hiB master. Since Saturday people have been going crazy "all on account of sweet Beesie Maearthy." No wonder this is thus, for there was that much merit attached to the Ingomar mare's decisive victory in the Select Stakes that the difficulty is to know when to stop singing her praises. On her running Bessie Maearthy lookB right up to her ears in tbe big sprint race, and, all going well in the meantime, she surely can be depended upon to at leaBt get 1, 2, or 3 at the judge's end. 