THE CHAIRMAN'S ADDRESS. The Rev. GEO. CLARKE, chairman of the Union, delivered the annual address in Davey-street Church last evening to a large congregation, including a number of ministers and - delegates, He said - Dear brethren There it something pathetic in the meeting of our Union this year. 'I am an old man, and I have a feeling that in the addresses about to give you to-night I am, as it were, making my last speech and dying confession any rate, to you as representatives of a large Christian community in this place. To-morrow, my dear friend, Mr. Lewis to speak to you a word of exhortation. For nearly half a century we have stood shoulder to shoulder in not only contending for those interests that are common to all the Churches, but for matters that especially concern our own denomina- tion, and I think these things ought to give added solemnity to what I shall advance this evening. The glory of young men is their strength, and the beauty of old men is their heavy heads. Executive force is the proper part of the one and gathered experience is, or ought to be, that of the other. I think you know me so long that I may be allowed to say so much on this occasion. The past year has been one of great strain on all the Churches. We could expect nothing else than that they, as well as other institutions, should suffer from the commercial depression of the time. The wonder is that they have not suffered more. Many of our people have within my own knowledge risen nobly to the difficulty g of the hour, determined that though at greater sacrifice they will not, if they can help it, give less than before to the support of Christian ordinances, and others are not to be blamed if they put less than they would into the treasury of the Lord. We hope that the cloud, if slowly, is yet surely lifting to pass away before' long, and to carry with it our present anxiety about the efficient working of our institutions. I have to make sorrowful intention of the death of one who gave this Union many years of faithful service our late treasurer, Mr. James E. Salier. He was a man of devout and simple piety, who had our interests much at heart, and though loyal to the Congregational principles in which he was born and bred cherished the broadest sympathy with men of every order who set themselves to the service of the Lord Jesus Christ. We miss his familiar face from our meeting to-day, but hope and believe that he is promoted to higher service above, He has left us as a token of his substantial con- cern in our affairs a liberal bequest. ' We must find some one to take his vacant place, and I trust that any one who may be solicited by the voice of the brethren to fill it will let his modesty give way to the requirements of the situation and accept the burden of care for Christ's sake and for ours. With all our present difficulties we are happily not troubled with oppressive build I ing debts, and if we are a somewhat slow people we do not regret that it has been part of our slowness to pay our way and try to save the children from the financial iniquities of the fathers. We have- just received by telegram the news that the foremost man of our body, the Rev. Dr. R W. Dale, of Birmingham, has fallen on sleep. You all remember him as the messenger of the Congregational Union at home to the churches of our order in these colonies eight years ago. As friend, Christian, preacher, theologian, statesman, he was, at least, to the first rank of the men of our time, and only two months ago a Bishop of the Anglican Church publicly testified, what many of all denominations can also say, that the owed more to the writings of Dr. Dale than to those of any i living divine. He was, indeed, distinguished for all the masculine elements ' of a noble [ thinker, for the depth and earnestness of his party, and for the wisdom of his counsels to his brethren and in him the passion of righteousness and the passion of charity were combined in sings a.- measure The hearts of God's people go down under the sense of irreparable loss when He takes such an able guide and teacher to his rest, and yet in His goodness He raises up successes to the most highly gifted; but for the moment we can only echo the old lament, " Your fathers, where are they ; and the prophets, do they live for ever?" I wish to address you this evening first on our general mission as Christians; and then 03 our special mission as a commission of Congregational Christians in these colonies. It is quite time that we should look forward and determine our position in both respects, that we may shape our measures to the distinct performance of what we conceive to be our duty. . We have just had great and impressive meetings of Christian brethren in Hobart. The Primitive Methodist Conference and the Wesleyan Methodist Conference have been pleased to make this city the centre of their deliberations on the business of the year. Our sympathy with them has no reserve. We wish them well in what is common to us all, but we also wish them well in what is special to themselves, in carrying out their own party, and in perfecting the methods of their own organisation. What noble work they have done and are doing for J Christ we know We have always been on I terms of kindness and confidence with their representatives in this colony, and it has always been a real pleasure to put our pulpits at their disposal. Differences of polity are of small account in tho face of the splendid piety, the vigorous zed in, the world-wide activity, and the sagacious ordering of their communion. We are quite at home with them, and if all wore as they are the much talked-of union of the Churches might be through a large range of interests something more than a pious dream. I believe that a closer union of the denominations is quite feasible, but for an impediment that we cannot overcome. That impediment is the sacerdotal and sacramental theory of the Christian ministry, with its accordant practice. It creates a dividing gap in our relations that no bridge can spin, and that with all our desire for closer unity we do northerner' how to cross. 1 make no complaint and mean no offence when I state the simple fact. We can in no wise accept the position that our orders and sacraments are invalid, for then our preaching would be vain and our faith also would be vain, and we should be yet in our ecclesiastical runs Very kindly and even saintly men sincerely think that we am not authorised to exercise the functions of the sacred ministry, and the men who thus judge us are often examples in piety and tLttl, learning And labour, while they am careful to cherish all that is winning and gentle in their personal relations with the members of other Churches, but by the logic of their position they cannot, and do not, and will not hold < ecclesiastical relations with any but FpiBcopal communions. That their own orders and sacraments are pronounced by the older Churches to, be just as invalid as ours seems to disturb our friends wonderfully little. Yet still whether they give or withhold official recognition of our scanning, through a very wide range of their ministry, we heartily wish them God speed, while we Honour them personally for their love to Christ, and their efforts to help on His kingdom of righteousness, purity, and peace. I cannot answer for every man or ministers who ettie himself a Congrega- tionalist, but I am bold to say of us as a body that we are not vague in doctrine, loose in discipline, and, narrow-minded in sympathy as some good people, who con- struck us out of their own consciousness, and know next to nothing. about our actual ways, fancy we must be. It is true that we do not make assent to the propositions of an elaborate creed the condition of fellowship in our churches ; we do something that in reality is very much more exacting ; we require from everyone who would join as a credible confession of faith in Jesus Christ as the son of God and the Lord and Saviour of men, and of the purpose to follow and obey the, Such meetings as we have lately seen remind as that we need to give large consideration to what is common to the faith of all earnest Christiana in order that what it special to come may fall into due place and proportion. In the supreme conflict of the day we can not afford to encumber ourselves over- much with peculiar details that at best are only of secondary importance. We are bound, as far as we can, to show a united front in the face of the enemy. Bear in mind that the speculative unbelief of our time go down to the very root not only of Christianity, but of universal, morality, and religion. The serious debate' of to day is not about the things on which the Churches differ, and over which they contended among themselves even half a century ago, but it is about the things on wt\iob they are agreed. Unbelief no longer concern itself about the question whether the truth lies mostly with Rome or Byzantine, Canterbury or Geneva, the Wesleyan Conference, or the Congregational Union, but whether it lies with any of them at all. God, Christ, the Bible, immortality, salvation, are these realities, or are they no tunneling the sick dream of our fear than anything be more suicidal for na Christians than to waste in iuteioeoioe strife or. petty haggling the energy that is all required, to meet the common foe! Dr. Livings one tells that when he came back to the old country from strongholds of heathenism he was simply dumbfounded at tbe'etihttntiona of the Churches, and he sug-' greeted them flying visit, to the Dark Conti-, ssiM Upper tent. threat to their trade,-- 'I feel sure that if we were fully alive to the ' danger from without by which all our Churches are menaced, we should make much less noise over things on which we can well agree to differ. Rate these as high as you please, and I do not say they have not their worth, yet they do not in the least discharge us from the obligations of our common ation, or the duty of trying our utmost to keep the unity of the spirit in the bond of peace. What our common mission is I cannot set forth in better words than those with which Dr. Dale has pre- faced his " Manual of Congregational [ Principles." We all," he says, have to assert the authority and grace of our Lord Jesus Christ against the assaults of speculative unbelief, We have to preach the Gospel to those who have never heard it. We have to lessen the miseries, as well as the sins of mankind. There are hundreds of millions of heathen men to whom the re- demption of the world by Jesus Christ is altogether unknown; there are vast numbers of our own country men who have drifted beyond the reach of all the ordinary institutions of Christian instruction and worship (and I may add there are many of our countrymen in these colonies, far away in the bush, and who are crying to us all to give them and their children the Sunday services that have fallen out of their lives) ; there are the hungry to be fed, and the naked to be clothed ; there are miserable homes to be made decent and healthy and last, though by no means least, there are low conceptions of morality to domestic, commercial, and public life which the Church ought to elevate ; selfishness in the Church itself which ought to be inspired with the charity of Christ ; indolence which ought to be set on fire by the zest of Christ for the honour of God and the righteousness and happiness of mankind. That is a fair, though not an exhaustive, account of the joint and general mission in which we have to take our share, understanding that no body of Christians can cover the whole of the enterprise, though all are bound to contribute as much as they can to its accomplishment, such duties are not distinctive of any denomina- tion, they are the paramount duties of all the Churches, and they embrace at least three fourths of our proper solicitude, under whatever banner we may severally prefer to march. It is the remaining fourth, and no more, that constitutes our special mission as Congregationalists. What is it, and what is it worth? (1. To the question What is our special mission in these colonies ? I should answer first that it is to preserve and perfect and perform all that belongs to our own policy. We cannot efface ourselves by going over to even so grand and venerable an organisation as P. that of our Wesleyan brethren without betraying what for us is surely a most sacred trust. The comparative smallness of our numbers is no sufficient reason why we should surrender our Church principles, and the rights which we think those principles contain. We have certainly done ourselves less than justice in our returns to the census We Know that the statistics as taken are gravely fallacious. The conditions of enrolment are different in different bodies, largely nominal in some very real in others. That our position, for instance, is under- stated there can be no doubt whatever. We have retained ourselves at the small figure of 4,501, but there is another return of 4,480 persons who object to state their religion, and the great majority of these abstainers, we may be pretty There, are of the straitest sect of our religion Indepen- dents. It is, of course, very deceptive, and the taunt of fewness should not trouble us much. For myself, I hold that I am bound to declare my faith to anyone who seriously demands it, be he public or private mau, believer or unbeliever, near here magistrate or Christian statesman or official statistician. The roll of martyrs would be much reduced if the early saints had refused to answer the Roman challenge, " art thou a Christian V I confess that I fail to see the force of the scruples that in those colonies prevent so many of our brethren from giving 'me information which the State desires. However, so, it is, with the result that by our own act we are placed far down in the comparative scale than accords with our true position. However, as I say, the question of numbers and of the weakness which the numbers seem to indicate is no reason why we should be careless a out our policy, or fancy that as Congregationalists our business. is done. Our fathers have suffered much for their policy through many generations. It is true, as every candid student of the New Testament admits, that the Sacred Record enjoins in the way of command no special constitution of the Christian Church. We may infer what was the actual policy of the apostolic times, but it does not follow that the primitive organisation is binding on all Christians in all circumstances and through all ages. Nevertheless we declare our preference for the simplicity of the New Testament Church and it is admitted on all sides that in our day the Congregational Order is the nearest approach to the. earliest societies of believers. It is not necessary that I should describe our polity to-night, i and still less that I should praise it. It looks infinitely less imposing than the elaborate regulations of many another system of discipline and government. It is not favourable to large, all-ruling com- binations. It can be greatly abused by disloyal men. he can be cm ciently worked by none but genuine Christians. At worst the harm that is done in any case of maladministration is the mischief of a local church, and not of a great and imperial organisation, and we think that our snuffer fellowships secure many things that I r J generally lose in larger societies. Certain we are that it would be no gain to Christendom if our churches were extinguished by absorption in a rule of gener al systems that allow the narrowest scope to local and individual action. The first thing in our special mission is that we let ourselves to do the very best that we can in the working out of our congregational polity. (2). The second thing in our special mission is that we have to work our policy in these colonies under peaceful conditions. It is not so at all in the old country. There for three centuries Congregationalism has from sad necessity been protesting and militant, and it has had no chance of showing what it can do when it is relieved from the passion an i strain of political conflict. Our fathers have had to fight against despotism of all kinds in Church, State, and society. They never had the opportunity of showing what peaceful Conyiegalioaalism can do. That marks a difference between their position and ours that we should recognise and understand. It is not in the main to our English brethren, but to our brethren in Canada and the United States of America, that we must look for precedents and examples, under conditions that are very different from those of the old country. We, like our American brethren, are delivered from most of the occasions of Strife which press so hardly on our communion in England. There is no levy here on all denominations for the aggrandisement of one no complication of vested interest that it will take little less than a revolution to unravel ; there are no heartburnings between the privileged and the oppressed to be in the least compared with the bitterness of opposing parties at home. We are free and equal in the eye of the law. Our Parliaments are not tempted to legislate u the interests of any denomination ; the support of religion it left to the free will of those who care for it and we are not com- pelled to exhaust ourselves in a conflict that, however justified by circumstances, is altogether uncongenial to the temper of our faith. Now, I have known people say that with the cessation of that conflict, especially on the relations of Church and State, our mission as Congregationalists is ended. We have fought hard and well for certain objects, and we have gained them; but now we are told our real occupation is gone; and I have known born and bred Congregationalist' who more than half believe it. The truth is, that we are only now set free, and what are we shall make of our freedom is the real problem that we in these colonies are yet to solve. It is a very anxious problem, and it will test us as no conflict like that of the past could do. Doubtless we have done with oppressions of a certain kind, but depend upon if we shall still have occasion to remember our principles and our history, and to stand as the steadfast and immovable foes of new forms of despotism. Whether they come from above of below, whether they come from the arrogance of the few, or the intolerance of the many ; whether they be the injustice of rulers, or the tyranny of a multitude who would ride rough-shod over all rights in, the interests of a class, and make the vote of a majority bear down what is opposed to their will The gospel of mere majorities can never be made the gospel of Congregationalists if we have a, spark of manhood left in us, and we shall soon reduce ourselves to sounding brass and tinkling cymbal if we let anyone believe that we take environment for life and the spirit of the age as necessarily synonym JUS with the spirit of Christ Our glorious independent forefathers made many mistakes, they allowed in some things the Hebrew spirit of the Old Testament to dominate the Christian spirit of the New ; they pushed their price i replies to an austerity of manner that has made them the butt of the frivolous undulating , sent to the present hour ; the hypocrites. aad'taiatleiim* of the few have been made A UM oharaetsrsiUos of How many. Thaletas character is slowly emerging from the flood of abuse. We can see clearly that in the main they were stalwart, intelligent, God- fearing men, who by universal acknowledg- ment kept the liberties of England from utter wreck and ruin, and were moved by a passion for righteousness in Church, State, Society, and through the whole round of commerce between man and man. We are their true ecclesiastical descendants, and we have need to be filled with the same passion for righteousness in all that lies before as. The ethics of the Gospel have in these latter days been finally depressed and perhaps, it H in this direction that all our churches and church members are in great need of a revival. We shall have oppon unity enough to make a long and strong faith in the cause of righteousness yet, and we must not shame the characteristic heritage of our fathers. As compared with the conflict of our brethren at home, we have here to do our work under peaceful country lions, y it not to lay aside our arms as useless. We are bound by our traditions and principles to stand forth before all the Churches as the champions of justice and liberty, and to fight to the death for fair and honest dealing in all the relations of man with man. (3 A third thing pertaining to our special mission is that we have to enlist the sympathy and service of every individual member in the interests of the particular church to which he belongs. No matter what outside movement may solicit his attention his first duty is to see to the edification, comfort, order, and efficiency of the local society with which he is identified. Make the best that you can of your own church. It lies at the root of our polity that every member of a given church has a voice in the church, and that he is responsible in his degree for the welfare and good order of the church. Of course his Bolioitudes are not to be confined to the local interests of his special communion. He may save time, thought, labour, money to this or that enterprise of Christian work, but he has no right to do it at the expense of the particular brotherhood which it is his first obligation to serve, if you do not know what is best for the denomination you will make no mis- take if you set yourself to peridots, to the utmost, the fellowship with which you are identified. The perfection of the associated brotherhoods depends upon the perfection of each of them, and you must be loyal to your own church if you would minister effectually to the churches at large of the same order as yourselves. (4.) We want an effective confederation of all our churches, that shall yet leave them free to manage their own local affairs. In all confederations each must give up something, and it need be nothing vital. But it is idle to suppose that we may, at the same time, do anything that any one likes and get the advantage of large cohesion. How, and on what conditions, we can bring it about is a very nice and difficult problem, but all our churches might'- agree with certain limits to sustain themselves by the juices of and authority of confederate churches of their own order. I think we may learn much by studying the proceedings of our American brethren in this direction. It is too large and difficult a subject, however, to discuss in this address ; I only take note of it as a matter of great importance. To bring it about under wise and well-considered conditions is certainly part of our special mission in these colonies. 45.) And now a point on which I wish to lay great stars in this It should be characteristic of our body that we do our best to secure the most intelligent men that we can to discharge the functions of our ministry, and the most intelligent congregations that we foregather to appreciate our teaching. An incompetent ministry is trouble enough to any Church; it can only be excused among ne by the difficulty of meeting the elementary wants of our country districts, but it is simply ruinous to us to make it characteristic of our ministry as a whole I do not mean that we want learning of the mere scholastic sort. A man may have that and yet be a great fool, though even scholastic learning is a great acquisition if only it is backed by common sense and knowledge of human nature. Again, I quote from what I think were among the most important words spoken at the Congregational recoil of, London in 1891. There are churches that are more effective in one part of the general duty than in another. President Northrop said; "There are organisations that go down and reach the lower classes and lift them up -Good bless them 1" But that never has been the special province of the Congrega- tional Church, and it is not likely to be in the future. Our province is to take men and women that are capable of thought, caps' be of intellectual, as well as moral and spiritual development, and lift them to a higher plane as human b logs ; make them more sensible of God and the things that God has put into this world, so beautiful, and as fail of His love ; lift them to make them worthy of His work, and able to do His work, instead of treating them as babes i sucking milk, just keeping enough life in them to get them into heaven before they die of inanition, of marasmus, that is Congregationalism, and that is its mission," Dr. Dale's comment is for us to-night as of one who though dead yet speaketh. He says :-" I venture to think that no weightier words than these were spoken at the (Coun- cil, and none that deserves the more serious consideration of English Offer. nationalists. There is no question about the imperative duty resting upon us, as upon all other Christian people, to reach, as well as we can, the lowest, the feeblest, the most ignorant, and the most vicious of mankind, and to endeavour to draw them to Christ. But while we share the duty with all Christian men, this is not our special mission. The vigorous and the cultivated need salvation as well as the ignorant and the wretched. The intellect as well as the heart has to be claimed for Christ and it' is the special duty of Congregationalists so to present the Christian gospel as to draw to Christ those who are never likely to be reached by the Salvation Army, and to discipline them to the highest intellectual and ethical perfection." ' There is work in which tkeSalvationArmybcatsuaa) I, butters is also work that the Salvation Army is quite powerless to do. Somebody must do it and with all our recognition of the general duty it will neither be wise or safe for our de- nominational interests to neglect or under- value the demands of intelligence in all our Eioty upon our ministers and people alike. p t has been made a reproach to us that by the very genius of our policy, our strength must lie mainly in the centres of population, and that we cannot hope to rival some of the larger bodies in the work we try to do far away in the bush, I do not see that there is any reproach in the matter, and in my judgment the statement is fairly true, Certainly for our ministers the difficulties of country work are, in some respects, greater than our work in the towns, and all honour is due to them for the patience, toil, and self-sacrifice with which they try to make the best of the sit lation. We ought, in our own interests, to be the foremost champions of all that can be done for the general in struction and elevation of the people. We ought to care for an education that shall go much beyond the mastering of the three R's. And here again we may well take part tom from the Congregationalists of New England, will more than any one body are the most ardent friends and supporters of the higher and broader culture, for which the American nation has done more and on a larger scale than any people of our time, Depend upon it, that the more intelligence we have to work with and to work upon the better shall we filial our special work in these new lands. I could say more, brethren, but I have said enough to try your patience to-night. I am sure that the time has come when our best and wisest men should take thought of our special as of our general mission in the colonies. Che conditions on which we have to work out our distinctive polity are plainly different from those of our brethren in the old land. Our problem is to try what we can do with peaceful Congregationalism, though the battle for righteousness in Charon, State, and Society has still in large measure to be fought, and we shall be false to our traditions if we breach when the atom shows highest. Our Church, as a whole, can best be served by every minister and member doing what he can to elevate the piety, foster the seal, and perfect the working of his own particular brotherhood. Something, I am persuaded, may yet be done to secure the advantage of a more compact federation than we have yet attained to without impairing what a vital in the independence of our churches. Above all, I think it is vital to our permanent existence as well as to our proper success that we work with intelligence upon intelligence, and exhibit a piety and zeal that never loses hold of the rational as well as the right, and so we should be deeply cou cursed all that contributes to raise the intelligence of the whole community. With all that is special to ourselves, let us lay to heart the things in which we are to make common cause with the whole betty of Christ's holy Church, and let us give no grudging recognition to all who love the Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity, and let themselves to do His' work. Finally, brothers in the ministry, " Take heed unto yourselves, and to all the flock over which the Holy Ghost hath made you, overseers, to feed the Church of God which He hath purchased with Brown bloW,',' - .? Adorn the. "For the grace of God hath appeared, bringing salvation to all men, instructing I us to theiotent that denying ungodliness and ] worldly lusts, we should live soberly and righteously and godly in the present world, looking for the blessed hope and appearing of our great God and Saviour Jesus Christ, who gave Himself for us, that He might re- deem us from all iniquity, and purify unto himself a people for his own possession, zealous of good works." A vote of thanks was accorded to the chairman, on the proposition of Mr. H. Barros, seconded by the Rev. G. W. SHARPE. 