THE ART SOCIETIES' ; EXHIBITIONS. .. Following is a continuation of, our report of the pictures at the/ Art Societies' Exhibitions:— Another large picture which presents difficulty to any outside the inner circlo , of impressionists is " September," by D. E. Rsid;(ll). Is is hoc fair play to nature, even in her' boldest moods, to set her forth in the .gaudy way. It .is . the way of progressive art, of course,; but it is quite an opcn.question whether-, there -is . not too much -iollo wing of ephemeral fashion aod too' little of pilgrimage to the fountain head about the new art, which boasts to be always progressive. Wo need, in deed, a more . accurate definition of what is meant by this , term progressive art. Would tho foremost writers of the time presume to speak of a progressive literature? Do they not rather see both in the middlo distances asfaraway in't'no back ground of time shadows as -tbe ghosts of; in carnate, . deities . walking, and, do. tboy not cherish as everlasting: models '.even tbo relics, thefragments oi their works, which for tunately have bcenpreseryed to us? Progres sive Australian arc we do require, and most earnestly deoiro, ana it may be wo shall ho in a better way of achievement when the spirit which found expression in the words of a well-known artist- of Victoria becomes - more' generally dif fused. He had spent many months in . the . great forests of the coastal ranges of that colony. Day after day he had looked upward from the earth carpet of many-tinted bracken to the broad fronds of the troo ferns ten,, twenty, thirty feet above, upward still to fan-like, foliage of the beech rich, in all tints of pink, russet, brown' and tender green, and over all to the feathery tips of the amygdalina which 300ft. from the earth floor ' swept the sky. He had tried, and not without ancceas, to set forth a little of it on his canvas, and his summing up was : "Aye, a man should be content to understand a verra little of the like o' that. It beseems ye to be humble- like when ye approach it." It would.be easy to. name several of the < artiste of .the new and doubtless of the old society ' likewise who might well tako that good counsel to themselves. And yet we have no desire to belittle courageous at tempt.- . "Trust first thyself, then spur amain, . - should ever be the .fighting, man's motto, but know and prepare thyself should come, even before that. This, however, may be sermonising. In portraiture, the artists of tho now society show lis something better than we have seen / ' bofpre, Miss Meston, with her " Modera tor," and Mr.. Tom Roberts, with Maria Yulgillah, claiming, perhaps, first place. Mr. J. S. Watkins aspires here, though in his large portrait of Mr. P. J. Donohoe the true and graphic and character istic likeness seen in the charcoal sketch is. just a very little, perhaps, lost or marred,' even an the' sculptor's ideal brought out in . the clay is -lbst in ' the .plaster model, bur; be it remembered, returns again always and in full perfection in tbe marble or Clio bronze. Mr. Jdjiah Ashton comes boldly over to tbe new Buciety 1 with a display of work which covers the whole range of pictorial art, and justifies a claim to competency aa an all- , round teacher. " The Everlasting Hills " (76) essays a big matter, und not without ' success, and in . a "Reach on tho Hawkesbury" we obtain one of tho few acourate transcripts of .tho historic river. ' Selectors' homos in tho country and quaint hits of old Sydney, so soon , to bo lost to , ns- for over, serve also to provide subjects for this artiBt's exceedingly fertile capacity, while in portraiture, whe ther in pastel-work or oils, the honest work of the thoroughly educated artiat 'is always recognisable. - W. A. Moir'3 picture of "The Boundary Rider" (86) is large, and in little bits good.. (The Bbeep we know," but tho horse seems reminiscent of that four-logged beast which first bore D'Artaguan . to Paris to join ' himself with the. musquctiers. G. Lambert promisee well, and Hall Thorpe, snereiore, euouga uy uu means uushiuh- ux genius, is bold and bold, und everywhere too bold. - Miss Ethel Stephens, in por traiture and flower painting, is properly; classed with Alice Maskctt and Emily Meston, though the latter of tho trio tnust be credited with a more com prehensive genius, and. more fully-matured powers of delineation 'than either of those who are associated with her. Miss Alice Norton is pleasing always as tbo dainty and modest little fringed violet - amongst the prouder beauties of the bush flowers, and some others there are, doubtless, who in' another year will demand that notice which exigencies of space now deny them. In sculpture and modelling the dis play is disappointing. Creditable ex hibits thero may be, but nothing to compare with tho work of such men as Percival Ball and Bertram MacEnnal, who shook the dust off their feet against New South Wales, and because she was not worthy of them. Tho architectural, draw ings, and tbe studies for drop scenes by Mr. Phil Goatcner may seEm to us in the way of innovations, but tbey are trophieB of kindred art, aod after their sort excellent. Regarding tbe exhibition aa a whole und an initiatory effort it must be pronounced good. There is evidently stuff enough amongst tbe members of the new associa tion, and we hope to find to-morrow still enough of the old foundations Lit in the old society to carry on the good work in which it has persevered ir.anfnlly and nobly, nnd-despite many obstacles. The following appeared in our late editions of yesterday. 