THE NOVELIST PAUL CHAIXIS'S WOOING BrtbA Author of '»e Cost of Conquest,' ' A Sodas Crime ' No, my lord, I will be silent, loo. As you eay, it is useless now to speak. I am very glad ire have chance to re new our acquaintance. I hope we shall Ttot let it drop again.' .'Ihope not,' Lord Allardyee said, tod they shook hands, going their )Bveral wayu» Dr. Courtney wentbackto the barracks, Bid Lord AUardyce to his chambers, Where he thought long and earnestly bver what had passed. The doctor was questioned by more than one of his brother officers about Captain Challis's proceedings, and he toH no one but the colonel of Paul's fenaEri&ge.; ? 'He's gone straight to his ruin, Fm fcfraid, poor fellow !' he said. ' Though Nothing I could have urged would have Mopped him. If ever there was a man. lewitched, it was he.' ' Was the lady so very beautiful?' the colonel asked. ' Mxs. Trent has bean filling the heads of my ironies kind with the most wonderful stories of her loveliness. If she is to be believed it was something marvellous.'* ? ** She could not exaggerate on that ta-oint» colonel* Hxs. Paul C/hallis is ~* lihe loveliest creature I ever saw. Her ?beauty is indescribable.' ' « Dark and fair.' ' Dark '. She is of Spanish extraction 1 believe.' y And poor Challis has had his wise head turned by a pretty face. It seems incredible.' ' If we didn't lire in an enlightened age, I should say it was witchcraft. He is an honorable man — at least, I ' thought so — and he has acted like a Acoundrel in ifhis business.' ? ' Hard words, Courtney.' ' True ones, colonel. He has thrown Iver the loveliest and best women that ever breathed for this foreign adven turess, end treated a gentle, noble crea ture with contemptuous insolence for the sake of a ? But, there,! had better not talk about it. If Agnes Daintree were not an angel, she would taake the country ring with the story of ids conduct to her.' ' Perhaps Mies Daintree does not wish to have her name paraded as that jf a young lady whose attractions were ftot sufficient to keep her lover. It strikes me, Courtney,' the colonel added with a sly look, ' that you don't owe Challis any special grudge for leaving |B- clear field a , far as Miss Daintree is Concerned. I fancy it has been a case of sour grapes with you in that quarter for a long time.' Dr. Courtney laughed, the colour -.mounting to his Bronzed face as though 'his cheeks hul belonged to a girl of i sixteen. ' You've hit the blot, colonel,'' he re plied. ' I didn't mean to make you my lather confessor; bat you have gone straight to the point. It has been sour grapes, and it is only on her account that I owe Captain Challis any grudge its. this matter.' ? ' But from all accounts the young lady has not taken it to heart much. I beard she went oS as composedly as I though nothing had happened, and -seemed mightily contented with your .?escort to the station.' ? ' Miss Daintree is far too refined and Sadylike to express any vulgar emotion,' Dr. Courtney said, quietly. ' She would aiot cry her wrongs in.the market-place, ' -or blubber over them like an hysterical schoolgirl.' 'No; she is a roost calm and grace ful lady, I know,' the colonel replied. ' I wish you good luck in your wooing, I am sure, if you make up your mimd lo try for Challis's vacant place in her keart, if she has one,' he added to him self. ' which seems a little doubtful from all I hear.' ' It hasn't come to wooing yet, ? aoloneL' ' But it soon will, I can see. Cupid speed you. It will make matters more comfortable on all hands. Challii will not feel he has wronged the fair lady bo much if she consoles herself quickly, . and she will hare nothing to complain »f.' Dr. Courtney was just a little dib pleased at the light way in which the colonel seemed to speak of the great Jrrong done to Agnes Daintree by Paul Challis's desertion of her. He could Hot see her coldness, nor understand how little she cared about it, and the lonvera&txon; determined him to seek ker and put his faith to the touch at )nce. He knew where she was staying-, Vt a relation's in a Yorkshire village. Ihe would be lonely there, and glad to jee him, and perhaps ? Oh, that little word 'perhaps!' What a vista it opens out to the imagin ation. Dr. Felton Courtney, an old campaigner who had run tb*j gauntlet j of seasons at the hills, and winters in cantonments in India, where husband hunting among the young ladies of the regiment is a work of much skill and who had been a mart for manceuv_ ring mammas and expectant daughters b half the garrison towns in England ras actually blushing and trembling ? *ke a boy ? in his first love fit at the bought of what he was going to do. ' I will ask her, my peerless beauty,' ke said to himself , as he routed aimlessly -bout the room after the fashion of a loan in love. ?* I don't think she will ' eay me nay. If eyes speak the truth, she cares tor me. Anyway, I will try. I can but fail; it is only cowards who waver.' And he fell to humming Montrose's {rand old words — He either fears his fate too nrach, Or his desert is small, Who dares not pat it to the touch, And win or lose it all. SO. his servant coming in, and staring 4t him as if he thought he were gone suddenly mad, brought him back from his dreamland to the duties and realities of ordinary life. ' Paul Challis turned backto the vestry \ with his insensible wife in. his arms, terrified beyond measure at her sudden illness. He never thought of associat ing it with the sight of Dr. Courtney pnd Lord Allardyce; the one was a teanger, and the other certainly no one jd ^mtt^ over. Heiflid her gently down on the hard chairs, which were the only seats : Sn the zoom, and sent the scared ; '*.peTM-penep for some water. There was none in the dingy-tooking carafe, placed there for the clergyman's use. ' Which, it's an early hour, .you see six,' the old woman said, in apology ' and I hav'n't got things straight yet.' ' Never mind, get some somewhere/ he replied, hastily, 'rand some wine anything, only be quick.' 'I'll be as quick as lean, sir. Which well I know her faelingq, poor dear. They're too many fox her, tiiafcthey -are, as is often the case.' ' Will you go,' exdaixnedrth&captain; provoked beyondmeaaire-stiier maun dering, » and got what I wantf See disappeared hurriedly now, and he busied biiriweW in. removing Dolores's bonnet, and chafing her .hands, which, where deathly cold. Fainting to those who seldom see it is fearfully like death, and he was terribly alarmed at her pale ness and rigidity. Tbe clergyman could do nothing to aid him. He was a ner vous young man, who had stumbled through the service in a fashion which robbed it of much of its solemnity. He had mistaken his vocation in entering the Church. It was with difficulty that he ever faced his congregation, and every Sunday brought him terrors ami qnalmB unutterable. He bad not seen the face of the veiled bride as she stoop and knelt before him, bat her-voice had startled him with a strange thrill of familiarity. Now, as she lay before him unmasked, her fhead on her husband's arm and her face fully exposed, he stared at her with a scared recognition that made him shiver. ' Mrs. Pearson !' he muttered to him self. ' It is ; it must be.' 'What is the matter, sir?' asked Paul Challis, suddenly looking up. Then in a tone of terror, *' You don't think she is dead, do you. Oh, will that woman never come?' ' No, no, it is not that,' the young clergyman answered. ' She has only fainted, I think. She -will soon be better. It was her face — the likeness. I have seen her before, I unsure of it' ' That is not impossible, sir,' the captain said, an uncomfortable feeling creeping over him that perhaps it might have been in the wretched time abroad of which Dolores had told him — the time of her desertion and misery. *|Many Ipeople have seen her, X dare say.' ' Yes, but ? She is a widow, is she not ?' ** A widow !' ' Yes.' ' Your register there will tell you. It ia not half an hour since she signed her Tin me,' Paul Challis said, haughtily. ' I think you are TrriHfaAing hex for someone else.' The curate had no tact, or he would held his tongue. ' No, I am not,' he persisted. a She was Mrs. Pearson when I knew her, and she lodged in the same house with me. Ask her when she gets better if I am not right.' ' I am quite sure that you axe not,*' was the captain's reply. ' My wife' — he spoke the words with loving tender ness and pride — 'has never borne the name you mention. You are *p.lnpg her for someone else.' ' No, I am not,' persisted the curate, but the entrance of the woman with the water and restoratives stopped his un lucky tongue. Dolores' swoon yielded in time to cold water and the current of air that came through the open window, and she opened her eyes and looked about her with a scared look. ?' Have tfc^y come to part us, Paul ?' 'Part us, dear! Who?' ' You know. The men I saw looking in through the church door. Oh, -will they never let me forget ? I thought I had begun a new life at the alter here/' ' My darling, there is no one here There has been no one,' he said, sooth ing her. ' Nothing can come between you and me, Dolores. We have begun our new life together, and nothing but the hand of heaven can part us. Look up, dear ! Here is a gentleman claim ing yonjas an old acquaintance. I think he is mistaken. Doyourecognixehim?' He spoke something doubtfully. There seemed to be doubt in his mind underlying all his happiness; and Dolores sat up, and put on her bonnet again. ' What gentleman ?' she said. ' I don't recognize this one, and there is no oneelse here.' She stared at the clergyman without the slightest apparent knowledge of him, and, indeed, . she had none. She did not remember him in the least. He was a perfect stranger to her. *? Do you not know me, Mrs. Pear son ?' he asked. ' What does he mean ?' she said, in bewilderment. 'lam Mrs. Challis, am loot?' [?Of course you are,' her husband said, laughing- ; ' it is a mistake, dear. You must be very like someone this gentleman knows.' ' Like ! It is more than likeness ; it seeing a ghost. Don'tyou remember me at Mrs. Price's at Highbury Gardens ?' ' No, that I don't/' replied Dolores, with wide-open eyes. ' It is a mistake, I assure you.' ' She spoke the truth. She had'n't the slightest recollection of him, or knowledge that she had ever looked upon his face before. An hour later, and Paul Challis and the woman he loved with such a fierce passion had started on their life's journey together, Dolores as radiant in her new-found happiness as though she had never fainted in her life, and had no past she would like to have blotted out. ' I was done up, Paul, thai was all,'; she said, when they had breakfasted ' ' over excited, and so forth. And no wonder. Think -what a heaven is before me with you,' -' I'll try to make it so, my darling,' he replied, caressing: 'her. ' Bat why whereyou soscaredat those two fellows ? It was only Dr. Courtney and Lord Allardyce. You don't know him, do you?' Dolores's head was resting on his shoulder, and he could not see her face as she answered him. ' My darling, I didn't see any men,' she said. ' I felt faint when we were at the altar. If all London had been looking in at the door I should have been none the wiser.' 