LAST MUNSTBR'8 'TRUE GHOST STORY.' Db. Andrew Wilson, in the Illustrated ? London News, attacks the ' true ghost : story ' related by the Countess of j Muaster in the Strand Magazine for j July. Her ladyship had an admirer . in Miss L, who adored her to iufatua- : tion ; and was ' deeply, passionately, ! and unjustifiably jealous.' Miss L came to an early death, and a year and a half afterwards she appeared as a ghost at the foot of Lady Munster's bed. Tliore can be no doubt about it, her ladyship writes, for ' I was awake add saw her. She was in her usual dress, wearing (what was then called) a ' cross- over,' which was tied behind, while her bonnet (which she wan always in the habit of taking oS as she came upstairs) was, as usual, hang ing by the ribbon on her arm.' Dr. Wilson remarks on the fact that the ;nosc appeared uresseu as uuiy | Munster used t - remember Miss L and ! not in her grave clothes. He then proceeds — ' The Countess, be it noticed, had been suffering intensely from brow ague. She had gone to bed early, ' but not to ' sleep ' — exactly the state of brain favouring the occurrence of such an illusion as she recounts. No physiologist for a moment will doubt her account in any one particular. What people have apparently to learn is thut there is no more frequent occurrence in brain functions than the production of illusions of sight and bearing, both consequent oh some irritation, fatigue, or allied conditions (represented in Lady Minister's case) of the organ of mind. It is an old { story now, surely, that upon the sensitive parts of the eye and ear, memories may be projecte ( from the brain, as sound-waves and light-waves are projected upon eye and ear from ' the outer world and transferred to the ] brain, giving us our information regard- j ing things external to us. When the j brain-centres acting in the reverse! direction irritate the eye's retina, there ; is excited in us the impressioi of seeing something which has no real, outside, or objective existence at all. This is the ' subjective ' sensation of the - physiologist, and this is the cxplana- { tion of the illusions and apparitions of i sights and sounds which may beset j our waking lives. To put the inaltur plainly, any a. parition such as L.idy Munster saw really comes from the inside of our own heads.' ! 