POINTS. Tatterbadd's Qoebnbdand Cup Consultation. First Horso ,, ' .. £7;600 Socond Horao, . , . .. 2,600 Third Horso . . . . . . 1,260 Apply ut onco, as this consultation will eloss early. . "Wo ohallonge comparison with auy daily paper in Queonsland. Please note that the weekly circulation of tlio Telegraph is over 80,000. Everybody knows that advertisers get bent value by inserting thoir advertisements in th. paper with the largest circulation. "Beyond cokpahison." Tho Telegraph baa more than doublo the circulation of any other daily paper in Brisbane, thorefore advertiser got moro than doublo the value by advertising in it in prcforoneo to othor daily papers. Try the oheap prepaid advertising columns. Seo spooial advertisement. 1G words, one insortion, for SIXPENCE. XG words, tbreo insertions, ONE SHILLING. In tho Legislative Assombly next Tuesday, Mr. R. H. Smith is to ask tho Socretary for Railways, is it tlio intention of tlio Govern ment to have tho plan, seotion, and book of reference of tho oxtonBion of tho Bowen lino to Ayr prepured and laid before Parliament for approval noxt session ? If there ib anything in consistency, Mr. Philp will reply lhat the Government refuse to danglo a railway boforo any constituency. Soutiifobt's representative voted against tin Redoliffo railway ; also, Mr. Powers, who so strongly advocates the Fialba oxtenrion. Non-bacchanalian beaks. A hawkkb was summoned to tho City Police Court yosterday, to answer to a churgo of illegally selling a bottle of wine. The bottlo was produced, scaled. A cobksobkw was obtained, and the corli withdrawn. Bottle und glass woro then passed on to ths bench in front of the licensing justices. Soke of the JJ.P. took just a long sniff — uh !— ono was contented with an " exceedingly small" sip, hut the P.M. piously ubstained from evou a smell of tlio cork. What un awfully temperate bench. Later on, a bottlo of brandy wus produced. Mn. John M'Master, J.P., adjusted his Hp_pcs, scrutinised tho lubol, and then remarked that tho bottlo had not been opened. Obdebly Dkevey withdrew the cork, the witness then poured somo whisky into a glass, which ho tasted. Passed on to tho bonoh four of tho JJ.P. lmd each such a very small sniff. The P.M. still abstained. All that tho reporters got of the "flory" was what was loft of a sniff after it had passed by tho deposition clerk, u sergeant of police, and a suh-inspoetor, und thut'was nut much. Alderman Clare has unwittinirly given a splomlid advertisement to tlio whisky udvertisod on the cuhstand shelter in Eaglo street. It is nil very well for a teetotaller to talk about " vilo whisky " or whisky as " a vile thing," hut thero aro folk who think othonvise, and now they know where to get this duinty beverage. In this way do very innocent, or apparently innocent, anil well meaning persons assist tile cause which thoy say tlioy are fighting against. Everybody now knows whoro to get a good brand. Alas, ulus ! what could hotter sorvo the vendors ? . A shrewd man, womnn, or child, gender and age unknown, in Sydnoy, suggests that Viscount Hainpdou bo welcomed to his seat of government in strains of soino porfeotlv now musio. This is a good suggestion. What is required is tho man, woman, child, or othor person to write that musio. An amendment to bo proposed in tho Land Bill by tho Minister in oharge of tlio measure is tho oxemption of tho settled distrusts of Darling Downs and Moreton from clause 17, wliioh provides for the renewal of leases of eortain holdings under part III. of tho prinoi- pal Aot. The Premier remains at Southport this weok, owing to indisposition. At tho Circuit Court sittings at Maektfy yes terday, Mr. Justico Chubb ordorcd all kanakas out of oourt whilo a. kanaka was giving ovidonco, stating thut ho had been informed that uny Polynesian who guvo ovidonuo against a fellow- islander bocamo u marked man. The ghosts of a band of laino locomotive wero called up before tlio Minister for Railways yestovduy by tho labour inomber for Ipswich. Mr. Wilkinson draw a pioturo liko this : A yurd full of locomotives waiting to ho repaired, hundreds of mechanics outsido tho gates wait ing for a job, and the Railwuy Commissionei ending to tho homo niurkots for a largs number of new engines. The Minister for Railways persuaded him- self that tlio ghosts were obsolete, out of date. But it was insisted thoy woro many of them modern typors. According to Mr. Glassoy, tho Speakor of tli» Legislative Assombly is one-sided. But it is only Mr. Glussoy who says so, so it (loos not matter much. According to Mr. Hamilton diving is " in easy as falling off a log." And with a few trials ho had no doubt thnt tho Colonial Secretary would bo able to do tha little triok. The Oumbooya squatter knows all about diviug — you cannot hurt, says he, fulling into water. The hon. momber has ovidontiy never caught a smacker on his front olovution — henoo tho query — did ho over divo ? TATTERSALL'S are tho only successful consultations in Australia. Queensland Cup, Deo. 19, 199,999 at 6s. Summer Cup, Dec. 28, 25,999 at 19s. Tuttorsall's, euro of George Adams, Tolegruph Chambers, Brisbane. 