TOPICS OF THE DAY. As bearing on the recont articlos in Tms Herald In regard to roturriing confidonco and improved business, wo note tbo Halo of a suburban proporty to tho oxtent of soveral thon»amle of pound". The shop property in Ulenforno road, Hawthorn, known as BurehiH's Buildings, changed hands last week at a substantial cash prico, which will, however, yioldtho pur chaser, after providing for all expenses, a return of fully C& per cent. The nego tiations, which were cotnmencod and con ducted toa su:cossful issue by a well-known Hawthorn banker, were based entirely upon rent returns. We understand that the piircltaso is tho result of prefitaolo mining investments in an adjacent colony, and affurds cvldenco of the at traction Victeria still posseeses as a place of residcnco, and a field for porinaucnt investment. The Rev. W. R. Ilaweis has tho re putation of being an export in tho matter of ghost lore, which forms tho subject of his lecture at tbo Athouiunm Hall this evening. He handles tho subject of spirits and mysterious visions In a very practical and amusing manner, using "slides" for tho purposo of illustration. To-night's lecture should, thoroforo, attract an uncommon amount of atten tion among those who tako an iuterost in apiritnnliam and psychological matters generally. A case of furious driving was investi gated at tho City Court this morning. Tha defond&nt; was a young man named George M 'Donald. The evidence of Con stable M'Linoy showod that defendant woa driving a horso and buggy down Elizabeth street shortly after 5 o'clock yes- terdayaftomoon. Tho traffic was vorygreat and ho directed M'Douald to stop. Ho asked him for his namo and addross. which ho refused to give. Seizing an op portunity, defendant struck the horso on the hack with tho reins, and drove up Coltins street at a furious rate. Wituoiw followed, but did not rertake hit man until after ho had passed SwansUn-abrest. Tho dufonco was that the horse was young and frisky and that the traffic was not great. Two witnesses alio sworo that defendant did nob strike tho horso. The bench con sidered tha case proved and fined defeu- daut 20s, with fis costs. An infant foundling was boforo tho City Court this morning chargod with being a noglccted child. Constable M'Donald informed tho BoneU that the iufant was found iu St. Patrick's Cstho- drnl last ovouing. Ho could not ceo any body about at tho timo, and ho could not find uny cluo as to who dosortoi the child. In occordonco with tho usual cub- tom tho "dofoudsnt" was remanded for a month with a viow of allowing the police an opportunity of making further in quiries into tlm case. Michael Fitzgerald, licensee of tho Bowling Club Motel, Swan street, was this morning charged at tho Richmond Court with having his bar door opon and soiling liquor during prohibited hours. Accusod ploaded guilty to having tho bar door open, but elated that tl.o liquor was sold b.foro closiug time Tl Bench fiucd defendant L5 for the first nnmed offence, and Sub-inspoctor Dovino, who prosecuted, withdrew the other charges. Mr Oandlor, Dirtriot Coroner, hold an inquest at tho Morgue this morning undor tho lafatit Lifo Protection Act, on tho body of a boarded out male child, who died at Brunswick on the 1st inst. Tho evidence showed »hat death was due te natural causes, and a verdict was re lumed accordingly. An inquest was hold at the Melbourne Gaul, to-day, touching tho death of a jiriaonor named William Maher, who diod in the gao! hospital yesterday. Tho evi dence was to the effeot that deceased was a laborer -iu years of ago and was admitted to tho gaol from Melton on Fobruary 12lh undor a sonlonco of three months for vograucy. Dr Shields stated that tho cause of doath was pulmonary (lisoaio, and tho jury returned a verdict of death from natural causes. Tho Union Bank of Australia Limitod has oponocl a brand) at Kanowna (Whilo- feathor), West Australia. Mr F, J. H. Mason, the hon. secro- taky, writes;— " I desiro' to publicly thank all those Indies and goutleuiou who so kindly -sang or otherwise interested thcuiaolvoa in tho Charity Concert in aid of an cx bank clerk, hold in tho South Yarra Hall on tho 11th March last. I am pleased to say that tho concert provod a great success, both artistically and ilium- oially ; for, after paying exported, we have still in hand L22 5s 7(1, which sum will be paid by tbe oommiuse to him in weekly instalments." Amongst the numerous floral tributes lent to Mr Cosmo Newborr's funeral was no which bore tbo following inscrip tion !—" From tho boys of Queen's Col- lego, SL Hilda, with sincere regret and much sympathy." Mr Newbcry hod acted for some yoon as one of tbo judges at tbe annual athletic sports meetings of Queen's, and his only eon (who is now on on exploring expedition in the centre of Australia) was educated at the school. Tho Archbishop of Melbourne will reply to the Bishop of Ballarat's address on the Union of the Churches, at St, Patrick's Cathedra, to-morrow (Sunday) evsuing. The monthly general meeting of the members of the Victorian Cabmen's Union was held at tbe Temperance Hall last night. There was a fair attendance, and tnueh of interest was discussed. A letter was received from the Melbourne Veterinary Collego, Brunswick street, Fitzroy, staling that professional advice in reference to tho ailments ef their horses would be given gratis every Wednesday afternoon from 3 to 5 o'clock to member of the union. A hearty vote of thanks was passed to Mr W. T. Kendall for his kind offer, ond the meeting dosed. "Sociology" waa tho title of an in teresting paper read to the Hawthorn braucb of tho AN.A. by Dr Andrews on Thursday eveniog. Too doctor strongly contended for tbe existence of a soda! science, and advised a study of it as a fitting preparation for the dulio of citi zenship. The criticisms were all kindly, not to ray eulogistic, and Dr Andrews was accorded a hearty voto of thanks for his contribution. Messrs Wtnrow and Co., of 47 William street, have received a consignment of orasses grown in Msryboroarh, Queensland, lbs frnlt is in splendid condition, and tho samples on hand ore very fine, the oranges being Urge, full-flarorod and swocL Moesrs Gemmcll, Tackett and Co., will oil, at their rooms, Collins street, on Toes- day next, at 11 o'elock, a superior collection of foreign and Australian furs, including platypoi, Hessian, and Jipanote jackets, capes, muffs, etc. Messrs J Lyons and Co. will sail at their rooms, 52 11 Qaecn streot, on Monday, at 11 o'clock, tbe stock-in-trade of a jeweller, also diamond goods and sundries. Messrs Campbell and Sons will sell at Kirk's Bazaar on Monday, at 12 o'clock, the booths, gates, etc., for the Melbourne Hunt Club aniumn meeting. 