CHAPTER IX. So Geew jnr Owx Small Lite Comtlete. After the incident of that September night, there wits 110 longer the shadow of doubt in ! Allan's mind as to the relations between his i father and the lady of Discombo Manor. : That they had known each other and loved ; each other in their youth he was now fully j convinced. This last strange act of Mrs. Wor i nook's was to his mind the strongest link in tiio chain of evidence. Whatever the relations between them had been, guilty or innocent —and foudly as he loved hb» father, he feared there had been guilt in that associa tion—it was his duty to prevent any meeting between them, lest the mere sight of that pale, spiritual face with its singular vouthful 11 ess of expression, should re-awaken in his father's breast some faint ghost of the passion that liad lived and died a quarter of a century ago. Nor did his respect for his honest minded, trustful- hearted mother permit him to tolerate the idea of friendly intorcourec between her and this mysterious rival from the shadow land of vanished years. He took care, there fore, to • discourugo any idea of visiting the Mnuor; and he carefully avoided any farther talk of Mrs. Wornock, lest his father's closer questioning should bring about the disclosure of her identity. His father's manner when the lady was first discussed had shown him very clearly that the description of her gifts and fauciej coincided with the memory of someone known in tho past; but it had been also clear that neither the name of "Wornock, nor Uio lady's positiou at Hiscombe, had any association for Mr. Carcw. If he had known and loved her in the posh he had known and loved her before ! she married old Geoffrey Wornock. ! Ilis anxiety upon his father's account was speedily set at rest, for Mr. Carew—after ex ; ploring his son's small and strictly popular ; library, where among rows of handsomely j l>ound staudaid works there were practically no j books which appealed to the scholar's taste— I soon wearied of unstudious case, and an i nounced a stem necessity for going to Loudon, ! where a certain defunct Hebrew scholar's library, lay and ecclesiastical, was to bo sold at Hodgson's. Ho would put up for a few days at the old-fashioned hotel which he had used since he was an undergraduate, pater about among tho book shops, look up some reference.-* he wanted, in the Museum reading-room, and meet his wife at Liverpool street on her way ; home. Lady Emily, absorbed in her son and her sou's love affair, agreed most amiably to this arrangement. " Telograph your day andhour for returning, when you have bought all the books you want," she said. " I'm afraid you spend more money on those dreadful old books, which nobody in Suffolk cares a straw about, than I do on ray farm, which people come to see from far and wide." "And a great nuisance your admirers are, Emily. I am very glad the Suffolk people are no book-lovers; and I hope you will never hint to anybody* that my boolcs are worth seeing." " 1 could not say anything so untrue. Tour shelves are fall of horrors. Now Allan's library here is really delightful—* Blackwood's Maga zine,' from the beginning, Macaulay, Scott, Dickens, Thackeray, Bulwcr, Lever, Mazryat— and all of them so handsomely bound! I think my brother showed excellent taste in literature, though I doubt if bo ever read much. But as you seem happier in your library than any where else, I suppose one must forgive you for , spending a fortune on books tbat don't interest anybody else. Aud one can't help being a little bit proud of your scholarship." And so they kissed and parted, with the un impassioned kiss of marriage which has never meant more than affectionate friendship. Lady Emily stood at the hall door while her husband drove off to the station, and then turned gaily to her son, and said: " Now, Allan, I am yours to command. Let me see as much as possible of that sweet young thing you ar; in love with. Shall we go and call on her this afternoon. She has a white cat which may some day provide her with kittens to distribute among her friends, and if so I am to havo one to bring up by hand as I did Snowdrop. Tou remember Snowdrop?" Allan kissed his mother before he answered, but not for Snowdrop's sake. "I have a vague recollection of something white and fluffy bunging to tho skirt of your gown, that I used to tread upon." "Yes, you were horrid. You very nearly killed him. Shall wc go "Please, please, please, mother dearest. I am ready this instant. Three o'clock. "We shall get there at half-past, and if we loiter looking at white kittens, or the mother of the potential kittens, till half-past four, the will give us tea, and we can make an afternoon of it." "Hadn't I better put on a bonnet, Allan ?" "No, no. You will go in your hat, just as you are. You will treat her without the slightest ceremony—treat her as your daughter. Do j-ou know, ftiother, I am uncommonly glad you never honoured me with a sister." "Why, Allan ? " " Because, if I marry Suzette, she will be your only daughter. There will be no one to be jealous of her, in Suffolk or here." •" What a foolish fancy. Well, give me a daughter as soon as )*ou like. I am gettiug old Allan, and your father's secluded habits leave me very often alone. His books are more his companions than I am—" "Alt, but you know how he loves you, mother," interrupted Allan. They were on their way to the gate by thin time, Lady Emily in her travelling- hat and loose tan gloves, just as she had been going about the gardens and meadows in the morn ing, Allan twirling his stick in the very glad ness of heart. They were going to her. If she were out, they would go and find her; at her aunt's, at tiic vicarage, on the liuks yonder ; anywhere nut at DLseombe. He hoped alio had not gone to Discombe. " Yes, he is fond of me, I believe, in his own way. There never was a better husband,'* Lady Emily answered, thoughtfully. " But I know, Allan 1 1 know!" ""What, mother r" "I know that I was not his first love—that I was only a pis allcr—that there is something wanting in his life, and always must be till the end. I should brood over it all, perlmp?, Allan, and end by making myself very unhappy, if it were not for my farm; but ull those living creatures occupy my mir.d. One living fox terrier is worth a whole picture gallery.'* [to be continued next week.] 