ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS. M. O'M., Albion Town, Broken Hill.— Thanks. Next week. Received.— From our travelling reporter, sketch of Tweed River, Casino, etc., etc., which will appear in next issue. B. F. L,, Harden.— Thanks. Next week. Your other con tribution on Deniehy and Dalley will recoive attention in due course. Alpha, Merriwo, and other correspondents.— 'We will probabJy, at your united request, publish the old Irish street ballad, ' The Banks of Claudie,' next we?k. E. D. asks '' whether the Abfc which was proposed by Mr. Reeves in the N. Z. Legislature relating to exclusion of immigrants whose personal property did not amount to £10 was passed or not in that House.'— No. T. W., Kempsey.— You should consult a specialist on the subject. Dr. Odillo; Maher, College-street, Sydney, has the very highest reputation amongst the profes-. sion as an occulist. T, D., Forbes.— We are not aware that Prior Vaughan has fixed any date for his arrival here. The tery rev. gentleman's movements will very probably be regu lated by local circumstances en route. Correspondent writes :— ' A. bets B. that the French Col lege of Blackrock, near Dublin, and Rockwell, in Tip perary, nro named Col'eges de No.tre Dame, or of Our Lady. B. says that they are colleges of the Holy Ghost;, conducted by the Holy Ghost Fathers. Which is right ?'— B. is right hi both cases. J. C, Sherwood.— Further inquiries have elicited the fact that maize is nofc quoted in tho local papers, and very little is known here on the subject, except that oats are the cereal chiefly used in that colony. It must also be remembered that maize from any humid dis trict such as yours is likely to be very weevily after such a journey ; and that there is an import duty of Gd per bushel at the other end. P. C.Mathouro, asiss— ' (1) Is there any property quali fication required to be a trustee of a town commou in New South 'Wales ? (2) Is a working- man with no in come but his day's pay eligible to pr-1 ;-s :t -.rustco ?'— (1) No ; The candidate must Lo a Co ra mon er, i.c , ho must reside within the Commoners' boundaries, and his name must be on the Commoners' roll, and ho must be 21 years of age. (2) Yes, as above. 