[?] Austkaiia rules tho cricket field once "more ! ' England is in the dust; her sons cut an inglorius figure in tho mud on ' Monday. England beaten by an innings and 147 runs ! Ah ! it sounds rathor aub- . stantiivl, and will bo nice reading.fi re years banco, when you and I forget, all about Turner's wonderful break-back and Giffen 'a tremendous twisters from the off. Ton yoars hcuce wo shall bo sitting down — if Heavon preserves up — undor tho shades of tho pavilion smoking our pipes and talking of old times, old cricketers, and great deeds. " Ah ! but tho moat wonderful thing I ever saw," will bo said by somo old gentleman carrying a portly body liko our old friend Maguey" who warbles so sweetly, " tho most wonderful thing 1 over saw was tho scoring board the day our follows licked England. Throe of the greatest batsineu in England wore out with an egg posted opposite the » The Australians won tho match partly through 1 e weather, partly through good I batting, nd partly owing to the mediocre fielding by tho Britishers. Young Graham had a good deal of luck, but you may take an old man's word for it that one seedod . no end of luck to Js nock up a century ngaiust such a fierce howlor as Richardson, who wns pounding them in- like cannon shot and whipping back like lightning from the off. I an quito imagine that Mr. Richard- I son is about the worst individual in the wide world you could tackle on a bad wicket. I ndmire the . dark-featured, robust- looking, curTy-tnoustached Surrey ito when lie has a good wicket to hurl them on, but having little, if any, of the prize fighter my composition, and possessing I a very compassionate and tender heart, I luid to turn my oyos upon the clear blue canopy of Heaven whilst he was trundling against the early Australians. Now for the rubber in Melbourne, com mencing on March 1. Given fine weather aud Australia's strongest representation I have an idea that the Melbourne Cricket I 'Ground will not hold all the people who will want to gain admission. The Major and tho managing trustee will bo all smiles. Ah! Who wouldn't be all smiles if he saw tho dollars roll in so very com placently ? It makes my aged lips water to think of the thing. 9 % The Englishmen did not give Charlio Turner the ghost of a chance to bowl them on Monday. They simply stood in front of the wicket and let tho ball strike them time after time. And yet some people wonder why Charlie Iosob his temper. I'm "afraid if I were a top-notchor liko Charlie Turner, and batsmen played me as Ward, .Stoddarb and Co. played him on Monday, I I should hurl the ball at their heads. » » Of course it would not bo tho right thing to do. The Press and tho people would bound a fellow down for committing such a rascally action ; but there is a bit of his satanio majesty in each of us, and it will come out now and then. The pads were given- to batsmen to protect thoir legs with, and not to protect the wicket. The bat is the legitimate weapon to use in that line. I am aware that Australian batsmen do the legging business just as well na tho Englishmen, but my remarks are penned . against the practice, and not the indi vidual. Tho laws of cricket permit of it, and I suppose while such iB a case the I practice will be deemed perfectly legiti mate. . » Who would not have made a duck if he knew that a pair of gold-moanted pipes wore hanging to it; Some peoplo are born under lucky stars. I have often got a blob, and got it first ball too more than once, yet no generous gontleman has come forward and rewarded, me with a pair of gold-mounted pipes. The good luck in this world is not equally distributed. . Having an eye for. beauiy, I could not help peeping at tho choice gathering. of , blondes and brunettes, old -and yopng. — mostly young — who patronised tho ladies' pavilion on Friday. I noticed that oue of the snssiety demoisellqs who scribbles for ' the Daily Morninq mentioned the name of . Mrs. So-and-so and Mis3 Thing-my-jig. as having been present. Well, I was there, and the most notable feminine admirers of cricket, aud the nicest-looking, too, were Mrs. Brough and Miss Noble, Robert Brough and Tithcradgo, lookingna young as over, wero also among tho oye-witnesscs of Australia'9 triumph. Bobbie Feel looked quito crostfallen as ho roturned to tho pavilion after baggiog- tlio second blob on Monday. Poor little Bobbio made the double blob in the Ade laide match, too, and he got an egg at JDandenong and only 1 run at Broken Hill. If Bobbie were an Australian ho would have been chalked up as a hos-bcon by this time. Tho appearanco of tho scoring-board with cyphers opposito tho names of Stod- dart, Browu, and. Maclareu was very novel.. The people did not go iuto ecstacies over . . it, however, as the procession was a bit too dreary even to their liking. Willie Bruce, the active young Mel- ; bourne legal luminary, distinguished him self by his agility in the field, to EngfaiuI's sorrow. He caught Maclaren and Briggs " close in at tho on-side in paralysing" left- hand style, and bagged a fine catch out in tho field as well. You cannot bent a good fielding team. If you had All Bruces and Gregorys, the other side would not ' make centuries galoro. Joe Darling, the unassuming young Adelaide cricketer, is not only a. detor- mined bat, but he 13 a fine field. That first catch of his which sent Brock well round about was a gem, and tho other two out iu tho field wore taken an if thero was not the slightest doubt about the matter ' at all. The hit by Darling off Johnnie Briggs into the tennis courts was most excellent. It went very high and very far, Johnnio . thinking it had departed for the Barracks. Lockwood's bursfc-lemonado-bottle-cut- hand is not mending. The wound is fes tering, and tho Surreyito has to cany the limb about in a sling now. Lockwood has been a bit of n failure so far, but lie pro mises to bo a bigger one before he's done with Australia. m m Affie Jarvis kept wickets like an artist for Australia. He has his reputation to keep up as tho king of Australia's wicket- keepers, aud when somo oue said to him the other day, " Come along; let us havea drink !" tho mun with tho paunch said, " No, I'm not touching anything while the match iB on." Noss Iredalo used a now lint by a local maker on Monday, and he gotont firstbull. ' Noss didn't blame the bat for it, but said hotter luck next time. Jack Biackhnm was as chirpy as a little . sparrow when Graham reached the century on Friday, the chirpiness being due to the fact that he had a bittor fight to got the little dasher a place in the team. Australia has to thank Harry Moses for the victory. Harry missed Graham in the Intercolonial, otherwise tho yonng man from Melbourne would never have got a place. Therefore, Harry Mosoa deserves every credit for his band in Australia's win. « Starkey Jones has gone to Brisbane. " If the old crack has any luck at all he'll warm Connie and company up, as' he is now batting ns well as he has ever done m his life. » The team sent to Brisbane is the best they have got togetbor in N.S. Wales this year." You cannot bent it as a fielding combination. Charlio Turner played up. splendidly ia : the International match. Ho batted, bowled, and fielded like the old Charlie. With good men to back him up in the field The Terror is still a top-sawyer, but with average N.S.W. fielding he gets wild. No wonder, for whenever a catch is dropped ho is always tho sufferer. George Giffen is ruralising iu Conlopolia. " Who says George is not a good bowler on a bad wicket after Monday's deeds ? A lick Mackenzie. Sam Jones, and Tom ' M'Kibbon left in tho Cintra ou Wedues- day for Brisbano. The others preferred tho iron horse and rail, and they wont off the same afternoon. ; Tub Scott, known to Iho public as Dr. H. J. H. Scott, Mayor of Scone, came down to havo a look at the test match, lie looks a bit countrified ; just a woo bit i rusty. f When Graham had made 53 he tried for an on drive off Briggs, but sent it away aloft, and Brigga following it up, had a difficult chance for a catch and did not take it. Tho batsman's luck was in with out doubt, and fsays tho Aiiaus scribe) this second prwrt of it completely broke down tho little Lancashire man's pro verbial good nature. " It suems to me that Australians don't" know how to play cricket," he said, " they can't play cricket," and a warning " That'll do, Johnnie," from the captain stopped the emotional outburst. I do not say this did not happen, but old Jobio Bannerinan didn't hear it, and ho waB pretty closo, Boforo leaving the dressing-room on liis way to the ' wicket, Graham remarked, ' Richardson is flying right over tho wicket, aud Philipson is standing back. I'll run out. and hit him ou tho pitclr." . And ho did it in great style. Frank Irodale was down on the list to go iu when Graham was sent in, but Ness, knowing that tho cloan-shaved juvenile- looking batsman was a good 'uu on tho wicket, arranged for him to taku tho place. And with good results. Albert-Edward Trott has batted against the Englishmen five times, aud haviug carried his bat out on four occasions, ho has the gigantic averago of 231 runs. m . Alf. Noblo, tho Pnddington colt, was asked to go to Brisbane, hue he could not get leave of absence. About half-a-dozen of tho New' South Wales team liavo been asked to' play in the combined match at Brisbane, against the Englishmen. Tho latter do not like it alittlobit. They do-not relish the Iredale- . ouiu-Gregory combination of scorers. Professor Jnckschon scored iu good form. . : durmgvtho International match, but you ought to l&vo; seen tho old gentleman's t'aco tho (lay New South Waled was beaten by Victoria. " I could have dona better myself," said he, and I verily believe he' was quito right. Charlio llanncrman, so T hear, will pro bably officiate as umpire in the Eugland- Coinbined Queensland aud New South "Wales match. Jack Lyons is having a nico quiet little holiday without expo use. I suppose "Giff" will try hard to get this good friend into the final test match at Melbourne. Just imagine how stroug Australia is wheu a batsman such as Jack Lyons can bo left ' out. Harry Dounan will leuvo Brisbane as soon as tho Intercolonial is over — he has not time to tako part in the combiued match. Forty -twotest matches between England and Australia havo been played, England having won 22, Australia 14, and half-a- dozen have been drawn. Tho downfall of little Jack Brown in England's secondinninga was rather aqueer occurrence. The Yorkshiremaucarried. his bat out for 20 in the first innings, but was shattered by a full toss iu the first over of the second innings. » » Alick Bannermaa's leg is Etill bad — it waaa very nasty crack he received. . > 9 Tho cricket public is very human. Tho public a mouth ago would have implored Harry Moses to play against England — to day ho is thought not good enough for a place. What a fickle thing tho public is ? The English PreBS on England's down fall : — "The Chronicle says that Stoddart did everything - possible against the l-emarkablo bowling of ' the Austra lians." Tho Chronicle doesn't say the wicket was Al, as far as the bowlers wero concerned, and doesn't evidently know that the catches that wero not brought off by Brock well, Briggs, and Maclareu broke tho backs of their bowlers. , Tho Dailt Nkwb states that "Stod, da rt's laurels aro slipping from his grasp and urges that a desperate effort be made to retrieve the position of tho English toam." Tho only effort that might have been made should have boon done some time ago if England doairod to lick Aus tralia, and that was to cablo for J. T. Hearne, the bowler, to take Lockwood'B place. 'l'haD.N. now has quite a different tune to sing from its recent horn-blowing. The Standard states that "cricket in Australia baa reached ad nouaually Mgli level. Australian colonists, it says, are entitled to the warmest congratulations on tho recent victory." For which, in view of the Standard's recent effusions, much thbnks. The Dailt Telegraph " considers that the English team made a miserable display, and that their performance does not con tain a single redeeming feature." The D.T. was not on the spot, so that its opinion is not worth much. Any team would have gone down on Monday's wicket liko a hodful of bricks from tho top of one of tho new Ynnkeo lifo assurance build- ings. Graham won a bat presented by Caterer Toilemache to the highest scorer on tho Australian side in the test match. Charlie Eady, tho Tasmanian cricketer, will be brought over to Melbouruo to practice prior to tho next test match, in which it is probable that ho will figure. Albert Trott had his iroscotte with him nt tho test match, n small silver horseshoe incrihed "Good Luck," which lie carrios iu a tin matchbox, in his pocket. He has never failed when lie carried it, and raroly succeeded when without it. Stoddart ought to tell someone off to relieve Albert of this talisman before the next tost match comes on. Bob O'Brien captured seven for 17 in a senior mutch' at Brisbane ou Saturday: It is said that he will play against New South . , "Wales to-day. « Georgo Youll has not bson selected to play for Queensland to-dny. The reason advanced is that he has not qualified by 'residence, but there must he somethiug else in it. » » ' To A. N. Hornby and A. E. Stoddnrt bolongs the distil, el ton of having captained England both at cricket and football, aud it is probably only his Scottish nationality which precludes G. M'Grcgor from the hope of a similar honor. » A. peculiarity iu bowling analysis was shown 'me by Fred Hinchy the other day. It was in couuectiou with an intercolonial match against Yictoria, in which Garrett and Evans bowled right through both innings. As will be seen f rom the figures 'below, Garrett got the bowling average in both individual innings, but when tho aggregate was compiled, Evans was "found to be on top. Following are .the analysis Jo'f both innings : — 1'irst Innings. Garrett,' 5 wickets- for 25 runs-; nroraso ... 81 ; liivans, 3 wicketglor 1? runs ; uvernge-A 81 1 Second Innings. > ! Garrett, 4 wickets for 19; arerii;a 4f KrmuH," -5 wickets for 2S ; averago ... ...' 5 " ; Aggregate: Evans, -7 ror 43; average.- ... ..; G Garrett, 7 for 44 ; average ... 6 2-7 » Tho Electric Telegraph defeated, tho Referee by sit wiekots, on Redforn Oval on. Wednesday. The Reps, scored 88 (Merchant 47, Sugdcn 10, Barrio 15). The, Electricians replied with. 90 for four- wiekots, Meckel batting nicely for 41 not out. Newell bowled exceHeutly for tho winners. » Charlie Baunermon will shortly com mence duty as a " conch" at the Associa tion Cricket Ground, Not before it was . wanted. Giffen was anxious to sccuro the lost wicket in the recent test match. Irodale promised him the ball if ho bowled for a long field catch. This did not come off, and Turner, getting the coreted prize, generously handed it to Giffen, who pre sented it to a lady in the pavilion, to whom he had promised it as a trophy of victory before 5 o'clock. «- The three selectors had a drink together just otter the closo of the match. Giffen admitted his mistake in the mattor of wishing to exclude Graham, and all went, ; merry us a marriage boll. ".' Bobby Abel, who started to play with" Surrey in 1881, is to havo the "-gate" of the- Yorkshire match, at the Oval, on ' August 12 and two following days, for a - benefit. The pros, do get well treated in England. » Darling is a footballer, which accounts, in a measure, foe his good work in tho out field, Bruce is a brilliant baseballbr, which helps bim in field practice in winter. 1 » Apart from the surprise of Irudafo securing the trophy (a couplo of pipes) for lowest scorer, he is a non-smoker I Some folk do have luck. Jack Harry, playing for EJM.C.C. on Wednesday, took six Gleucairn wickets and made 43 runs. » A. E. Trott will not go to England, having entered into a three years' engage- meat with East Melbourna Club, dating . from the end of this season. Graham has £50 to nothing wagered him that be can't repeat hia fourth test. : match, performance ia Melbourne. Given fine weather ho is quite liable to make another century. ' ' » 