Stray Notes. (Br the Waij.) Kro I appear in print again Christmas el 1895 will have come^and gone. I nm' glad of it. I am sorry for it! I wish Christmas wero always oomiug and nover going. * # # Siuce last Christmas the effusions I have infiinted upop readers of tho ' Rocordor' havo not presumed to toach, for tho author has not yet learnt — may the powora above t forgive him — to put to. practical uso all the good, moral, and social hints lie elves to other people. I havo aspired to please and amuse you, -and 1 am deeply thankful^thafi - no one — not even 'Old Arethuja' — bo far has taken tho troublo to administer a dose of shoo loather as a grateful remuneration for ^ all the time, troublo, and laboutf I have, ex*.* . ponded upon you. ' * * # 'W. , My productions were launched upon 'tho- vast ocean of your intelligence, and submit' ? ^ ted to your honourable criticism and justice * blended, and if some of my waifs and Btraya^, ^ the sparks and emanations from the smithy of my mighty intellect havo'reaohed thehappy ??*... haven of your approval, then I am thrice- - blessed, and I can oat my Christmas dinner satisfied with tho solidity of my reputation,* and without fear of -that dyspepsic attack which comes of failure, and is productive of 'all sorts of ^astronomical miseries. f I havo nothing further to add, cxcept -td * commeird myiel£ to you, and if anyone thinks rUpnn examining his consilience at the close of tho old year that bo has had these e illu- sions too oheaply — thoso borrowers of tho ' Recorder' for instance — and feels disposed to subscribe I shall bo happy, to receive the cash and hand it over to tho BalranaTd' Hos pital. And now deir readers, I have' ilio' horionr, tho overwhelming, exulting, siut throbbing, joy of wishing you all ' A Happy; Christmas,' and in the bolief that you will1 thoroughly enjoy yourselves and me, I beg1 to subscribe mvself. vour most humble and obedient servant — The Waif. * * * The approach of Christmas generally stl* mulates people to prepare jokes, conundrnms, and special features to be introduced with tho plnm pudding, but after mature con sideration I find that my pericranium is nofc capable of arousing the risibility of a native Jack Ass, nnd I will endeavour to give yon a little advice consistent with the season of the year — * Do uot get your hair cut,' you cannot afford to lose anything. Do not rat yonr knife and fork ; you might require them next Christmas. Do not always bo grinnine or giggling, or smiling after you nave had a new set of teeth. Dentists soma tomes make misfits, and tho person who hail them last may recognise them. If Jon find, but one currant in a chunk of so called bun loaf do not tako off your coat in order to run in search of the next, sit still and appear to on joy your cake. Tho other cur rant will come up next Christmas. ? ? * If yon come home late during tlio' holi days and cannot get in, don't roll off 'to Mr, Corry and give sworn information that some body has stolen tno Keynote. K.nocK at; tne door and sit on the step quietly (without singing) till yonr wife wakens, nnd shows' you how the mistake has arisen. . You wilt remember where the keyhole is next time l: * * * MY GHOST STORY. Scene I. I was seated one Christmas Eve at the piano, in high spirits, strumming away in grandisome Btylo — PaderowsUi, was nowhere iin comparison. All tho_keys wero simul- ( taneously' a»ita£ed, anil my soiil had goiia into thom with such enthusiasm that I and tho koyboard wore ono. It was a glorious experience, causing a slight disarrangement of my locks and general scalp adornment, 1 was not aware of the fact, thinking only ot the musio and tho deliuious transport into which ' The Campbells^ (the Cnwinells, as Scotchmen, say) are Coming' nnd 'Wlie're and O where is my Highland laddie gone' had cast me. Scene II. I' arose from -the piano-stool (latest stylo of construction). Scesk III. I approached a mirror nnconsciously, ami caught with the tail-end of my eye someth- - ing. It was unearthly in appearance, and 1 fled precipitately, nnd in my terror nearly . had tho firo-brigade called out. .Tho neigh bourhood was nlarmed with my yells of ' A ghost 1 A ghost I' A single bobhy arrived with me, asking where I saw the ' apparation.' I came up towards the looking glass, without looking at it, to point ont the exact spot. In tho act of doing so, I roared oat to the man ia blue, ' It is there again. Horror 1 Save me I' 'Where?' he said, 'Thero,' I said ; ' don't yon see it,' and bo stared, tno, towards the glass, and he turned round to mo and he said with great emphasisr ' Why, man, it's yourself.' ' Oh,' said I, ' is it 7' and ho replied, ' Yes.' I fumbled in my pockets and at last found my card. I read it carefully, and was eventually satis fied that I was myself. ' Well,' I said 'I thank my stars it's no worso. Let ns ad jonrn to more convivial snrroundings,' and we did, and here ends the ghost story. 