The Medical Profession. THE vagaries of the medical profession as tliey crop up in newspaper reading and in everyday experience, suggest that something drastic requires to be done in relation to the man of physic, but whether that something will take the form of a general yarding up of the profession to have its breath smelled by a jury of matrons once a week, or whether the ease calls for more rigid state interference has" not yet been decided by the public. When the public of South Australia has decided this point and abolished one-half of the registered quacks of the province and the whole o£ the unregistered body of free poisoners it will feel itself much better physically, financially, and morally. Of almost all professions, that which has the care of men's bodies should call into its ranks men of the highest intellectual development, of the strictest integrity, and the straightest sense of honorableness ; Jio other demands of its followers the same mental and nervous .strain, and no other "gives away" so hopelessly men and women in their big vices and little pecadilldss. Yet in spite of these things the calling of physic is made a stamping ground for the dead beat and weary drunk, the vendor of steel pills, and the human horror who Will commit nameless atrocities on men and women to earn 4.he fool's crown or the rake's guinea. There undoubtedly exists in the average humanity a morbid passion to make its stomach a sink for everj' species of bottled iniquity on earth whenever its liver falls into disusa or its anatomy has "that tired feeling after meals " ; and when somealarming shock of fate strikes through its dyspeptic economy a sadden dread, twentyfive per cent, of it makes a bee-line for the nearest red light, instead of adjourning to the back yard and cutting up a cord of firewood. This morbidity has raised a profession, a large proportion of which in its most innocent moments lives by administering colored water and Epsom salts and abstracting guineas from hypochondriacs, and in its baser moods does such things that even th? shining examples who sacrifica themselves for their calling are barely absolved from the wholesale contempt felt for it. A fair number—probably a big majority— of those who practice in South Australia are registsred, but registration ssems to ba a very small safeguard. Apparently it consists of the innocent freak of sending forward to the Medi- cal Board, a small fee, and a quantity of papers, which prove that at one time in his life, more or less remote, the candidate set fire to the gowns of his professors, aud did some other things which are generally accounted necessary to the attachment of the letters of a university degree to his name. When the board has run its spectacles over these documents the candidate is safe for a year at least and the yearly registration is merely a piece of gammon which brings in a small revenue in fees, secures the annual publication of some four hundred names in the Gazette, and sheds disaster and noxious drugs on the, country towns and c*|;y qf the colony for another twelve months. Anyone \yliq pleases may hang out a ^ign-board and dissemenate death and deformity provided that he does not claim certain mysterious letters which are not his by right, and no attempt is made *o "Compel registration or to preventj the carrying on q[ practice by registered, but absolutely unfit persons; The Board sho.uld lie composed'of impartial .parties, able to co mpel regisi 'ltion, and should keep a, slyict ej'e oi} candidates, not only at the time qf isegistrationj but through the coursaof their practice, and have power to deal with all unauthorised poisoners who publicly or privately experiment with ^ - . - - . . drugs on me bodies of their neigtlbors; , irofesskra of we iaw» r . on of humanity would fired into outer darknl with dynamite ana imprecations shored tip to sacli an extent by i lawrqf the countrp that an unauthorii erson hardly dare give a public opinion on the aspect of a judge** hbr^ehafr fe' the profession of physic, whose failure stakes at the rootof public health and public molality is allowed to go al-. most without supervision. ART AKD IKDIRSTFIT EXHIBITION—Hie eaiib|^i ;of at* and industry which is announced to be held by the South Australian Chamber of Manufactures is already attracting a large amount of inter- > est. Visits by the Sectary to the principal centres, during the past few months have made the public generally aware of: the importance of this' exposition of the Resources of the colony, jjudging by the numerous applications from various parte of the country for information respecting exhibits, and for entary ^$irms/ it appbars. certain that the chamber will succeed In placing on view such a splendid collection of artistic and industrial work, as will lrepay many repeated visits. Not only are mechanics and" artisans evincing special interest by entering articles which are the direct outcome of their individual labor aud skill, but manufacturers generally appreciate the value of this means'of bringing under public notiee "the produce of their factories and workshops. A number of entries in the non-competitive branch will consist of South"Australian manufactures, 1 trade processes and machinery in motionj forming one of the most interesting and highly educational features of the undertaking. It may be mentioned that tlie exhibition will remain open" from March 14th to April 15th, during which period special musical attractions will be added to the display of art and industry, jjfo charge is made for entry of exhibits or space so that every facility is offered to all classes to "assist th§ chamber in their laudable desire to make the exiiibition a brilliant success. Entries must be made not later than February 21st, but exhibits according to their class need not be delivered until later as notified in the prospectus. Special arrangements have been made with the Railway Commissioners for excursion fares on each Thursday during the exhibition for particularly ldw rates for country schools, and for considerable concessions on the usual charges for goods carried as exhibits. The undertaking being of a purely national character, and designed to be of public benefit to the whole colony demands the hearty support of the entire community. CoRBEcaWit.—In our report of the meeting of tlie Beacliport Council last Week it was made to appear that both auditors bad absented themselves from the half-yearly audit. This was not the case, as Mr. R. Slater li?d attended at the time appointed, and the statement of the clerk to that effect was omitted inadvertently from the report. VISIT OF MR. R. CALDWELL, M.P.—As Mr. R. Caldwell, M.P., will shortly visit the South-Bast and deliver addresses in the different places at which he stays, an attempt is being made to secure his presence in Millicent. In reply to a request from Mr, .J. J. Osmaii, Mr. Caldwell lias promised to make the trip if arrangements can be completed which will fit in with his programme already laid out. It is arranged therefore that he will visit Millicent on Wednesday, February 20th, and deliver an address in the Institute Hall in the evening, returning to Mount G-ambier on Thursday morning. SOCIAL.—A social will be given in the Church of England Sunday School on Friday, February 22, which introduces a novel idea into the usual monotony of these festive gatherings. A pincushion competition will be be held, and the work sent in will form an exhibition in the building during the evening. The work intended to be entered for the competition must be left with Mrs. W. M. Wehl on Friday morning, February 22, or at the school building attached to the church in the afternoon. The proceeds of the social and exhibition are to be devoted to the school fund. A SNAKE IN A CHPECH.—Since Mother Eve got b3guiled by the serpent, there has been a coolness so- to spaak between the church and the animal wiiich was responsible for tlie creation of the lawyer, the sharebroker, the book agent and aii other sorts of iniquity. On Sunday last, however, a fair sized reptile so far forgot himself as to make his way into tlie building of the Lutheran Church at Millicent .North. Tlie Rev. Matsehoss entering the building to prepare for the Sunday service encountered the old enemy of mankind by thj steps of the puipit and while 6till maintaining his trus in Providjnce the reverend gentleman deemed it better to get weapons, and went outside to look up a waddy. When he returned the snake had left, but a search discovered him outside the building where lie was despatched with a dull .thud. DEATH.—The number qf deaths in Mil-, licent and the district has lately shown a rapid increase, and the total recorded for the past, four mopths just about reaches the average recorded for the previous years. Ou" Saturday last, Margaret, daughter qf Air. B. Donnelly, headmaster of the Public school, died at the schoolhouse, Millicent. . She had been suffering for soiqe time past and confined to her bed with weakness, of the .lungs and during the week proceeding her death Jjad ruptured a blood- vessel, causing a serious loss of blood. Her condition became so critical that it was known that » r. - - ng service was i^ndered in tiie Church of England on Friday ni^htr February 8th. The anthem "Thou visitest the earth" and special liymn& were given by a foil choir and an address appropriate to the occasion was delivered by tfcrR^. J. a:T. Joribs. The building 'jbeen;" ^.^I^^Oro^ ., , ft»phies from the harvest field by ther •„. ladies of the church, and a fair congregation attended to hear the service. .,.,-' ., ',,„ WOOL SHIPMENT.—A large qnantity of tlieVool from this district has been consigned on owner's account to England* principally on account of the partieularly stone broke state of the Melbourne market. The quantity shipped, from what information can be gathered by stealth— for tlie bucolic mind shrinks from publicity as it does from the income tat return—would go a long -way toward* making tip a cargo for a fair- sized vessel,, and the question naturally suggests itself^ why do not the wool growers of the Soutii-East, or any part of it, charter a vessel on their own account and thus save all intermediate charges, Even if suffix cient wool loading could not - be obtained the balance might easily be made up with other cargo. * THE MILLICENT RACES.—A month since, the Committee of the Millicent Racing Club decided to hold their annual meeting on Mareh 27th, but last week a, communication was received from the Secretary of the Mount G-ambier Racing Club asking an alteration of the fixture from the date fixed on in order to let this club hold a meeting on that day. A meeting of the Mount Club was held on Wednesday night last, but owing to slack attendance no businesss was done and ad the Committee of the Millicent Club can only consider the alteration asked at ths meeting to be held to-night,ihe matter in a state as uncertain as a ghost in a fog A meeting of the Committee of the Milli' cent Club will be held this evening in Tantram's Hotel at 8 p.m. " W 'I' -.v. •s B • INSTITUTE MEETING.—A meeting of the Committee of the Institute was held on Thursday February 7th. Taere wore present:—Messrs. W. O. O'Hara (president), S.- Skewes (Treasurer), B. Donnelly, W. Lyon, G. Green, G. Wiltshire, and the Secretary, The financial report was read as follows:—Racoipts—Hire o t hall, 2s.; subscriptions, £10 8s.; West" room, £7 Is.; piano, 5s.; wasi3 papsr, 4s.; bank overdraft, £94 7s. 9d.; total, £114 2s. 9d. Expenditure—Bank overdraft, J684 16e. Bdripinsurance, £2 14s.; Savings bank, £5 0s. 3d.t Bobbie & Co., £21 12s .t total, £114 2s. 9d. The Secretary reported that the piano had been paid for f and that Mr. R. Campbell was prepared to pay bis donation of £'S 8s. towards cost. As the state of the finances did not permit of payment of all accounts titer Sacretary's salary was held over till a more convenient season. Mr.- R. Slater was appointed auditor Vice Mr. A* Orchard who had left the district. It was resolved that application he made to 33. W. Cole for cash to the amount of credit note for 19s. 5d. and failing that the amount be taken out in books. The fol' lowing accounts were passed and the meeting closed:—S. Rayson, £9 3s. 4d.; W. C; Rigby, £2 14s. 9d.; F. Goss & Son, £1; R. Campbell, £2 0s. 6d.; Register, £1 5s.; D. Livingston, lis.; W. Atherton, 6s. WVEIE SUNDAY SCHOOL PICNIC,- The annual picnic in connection with tbe the Wyrie Presbyterian Sunday School was held in Mr. Boneham's paddock, about four miles from Millicent. on Wednesday last. A large number of parents of scholars, and friends aud visitors from Millicent and Tantanoola drove out to the festivities. About ^ half-past six everyone made a start for the Wyrie Presbyterian Church, where a sacred concert was held. Songs were rendered by the following :—Misses B. Mcintosh, E. Speers, and Garde, Rev. J. Garde, and Mr. E. Hosking. Duets were given by the Misses C. and J. Cock, E. and L - Skewes, and J. Agnew.aod M. McRostie., Misses A. McRostie, A. Aguew, aud B- Slater, and Mr. Speers gave a quartette- Recitations by Misses J. Cock, and A. H Campbell, and Mr. R. Slater were given Misses Hafii, C. Campbell, and L, Skewes played the a^comnaniments and choruses were given diiring the evening by the school children. Supper was partaken of at about half-past nine o'clock, and the picnicers then drove' home in the moonlight. ! W.G.T. tJ.—The usu almanfchly ma&yjgj; - of the W. ^.T.U. was hdd on Eebralry 7th. There. was a good attendance of members and the President, Mrs, Livingston, occupied-the chair. After the routine business was concluded, it' was decided that the next business meeting of the union be held at the Wyrie tin the first Wednesday in March. It was also resolved that the next cottage p ^ k meeting be held at the house of: Hester, on Tuesday evening, Februilwy 13th. The Y JJnion decided to hoid its next temperance ujaeting on March and after a general discussiqn the meeting closed in the usual manner. , rJ POST OFFICE AT' MUEMMBPJI.—L} | answer to the _ F _ _ ^ __ ikinte back hy the lHjsi'dente of Mnrfirnbtftn, foe^mefe? of KdufcatiaKhas proMisedto graint tlife request so «far JBLS ^^owthe establishment of a if. Offers are repeived ftt»n those willing to, tmieriake the tfiiis'', billet cawies \vithlt no salary for a. £hort probationary period and; £Q pet -finnum afterwards, and as -the trains stop at Murrimbuni on both down apd return tripta no difficulty should be experienced in getting sonteobe to take the responsi bility. 