A. LIFE SENTENCE. By ADELINE SERGEANT, Author of " Jacobin Wife," "Under False Pretences," "Boy's Repentaaoe,"" Deveril's Diamond," &c.;, &c.; CHAPTER XXXVIII. Evandale, though alarmed at Enid's sudden illness, did not lose his presenoo of mind. Fortunatelyhe had in his pooket a flask of brandy which he was carrying to a lick parishioner. In a moment he had nnoorked it and compelled her to ewallow a mouthful or two; then he fanned her with the great blaok fan whioh bad lain acroea her lap: and finally he remembered that he had seen a great watering-oan full of water stautiing in the garden path not far away, and found that it not been removed. The cold water with which he moistened her lips and brow brought her to heraelf; in a few minutes she was able to look up at him and smile, and presently declared herself quite well But Evandale was •ery grave. "Are yon often faint, Enid ?" he asked. ."Bather often; but this"—with a little tinge of oolour in her pale eheeks—"thisis just a common kind of f&intness;—it is aot like (he other." . "I know; but I do not like you to turn Taint in this way. May I ask yon a few questions about yourself ?" "Oh, yes—I know that you are quite a doctor !" said Enid, smiling at him with perfect ooafidenoe. So the reotor pat his questions—ana very linage questions some of them were, thought Enid, though he was wonderfully oorreot in guessing what she felt. Yes, she was nearly always faint and siok; she bad a strange burning sensation sometimes in her ohest; she had violent palpitations and odd feelings of terrible fright and depression. But the doetor had assured her thas she had not the faintest traoe of orgaaio disease of the heart, and that these functional disturbances would speedily pass away. Mr. Ingledew had sounded her an l told her that she need not be alarmed— and of oourse he was a clever man. " Enid," said the rector at last, after a long pause, and rather ae if he was trying to make a tort of joke whioh, after all, was not amusing, " I am going to ask 700 what yon will think a very foolish question. Have you aa enemy in thnhouse—hare, at Beeohfield Hall?" Enid's eyes dilated with a look of terror. " Why—why do you ask V " It is a ridiculous question, is it aot! But [ thought that perhaps somebody had been playing on your nerves, and wanting to frighten you about yourself. Is there any. body who might possibly do so?" Hsr lips parted twice before any articulate word issued from them. At last heeaught the answer— "Only Connie." He wa» sileatior a moment. " Do you take any medioina J" he asked at length. "To*; Sir. Iagledew sent me some." "What is it like?" " I don't know; it is not disagreeable. Donnis looked at it, and said that it was a talming mixture." "I should like to see the prescription; perhaps it doss not quite suit you. And who gives it toy MI?" "I take it myself. It is kept in my bedroom. " "And what else do you drink and aat ?" laid the reotor smiling. '' Ton see I am quite the learned pbysioiau. I want to know all about your habits." "Oh, I eat and drink jut what other people do'" " Are you thirstv at Bight ?" "Yes—very. How did you guess that? I have orange-water or lemonade put beside me Bvery night, so that I may drink it if I wake ap." And then EvandaJe, whe was watching her intently, saw that her faoa ohanged at if an un pleas an t]thought bad suddenly recourred to ber, *' What is it, dear ?" " It it only a dream I have had several times—it troubles me whenever I think of it; but I know that it is only a dream." " Won't you tell sse what it was ? I should like to hear! Lay your head book on my shoulder again and tell me all about it." Enid sighed'again, but it was with bliss. ".Perhaps I shall not dream if I tell it all te fou," she murmured. " It seems to me sometimes as if—in the middle mi the night—I wake up and see some on* in the room—a white figure standing by my bed; and she is llways pouring something into my glass; er lometimes she offers it to me, and makes me drink, and she look&at; me as if ebe hated me; and I—I am afraid?" " Bnt whe is it, my darling ?" "I suppose it is nobody, beoause nobody else sees it but me. I made Parker sleep with me twe or three times, but she said that «ho saw nothing, and that she was certain that nobody had oome into the room. I suppose it was a—a ghost!" "Nonsense, dearest!" "Then it was an optioal illusion, and I am (oing out of my mind," said Enid, despairingly. " Was the figure like that of any one you knew?" "Yes—Connie." « Mrs. Vane ? And you think that she does not like you ?" " I know that ehe hates me." "My darling, it is simply a nightmare— Bobbing more." But he felt her trembling in his arms. " It is more than a nightmare, I am sure. You know that people used to say that I might go out of my mind if those terrible leisures attaoked me? I have not had so many of them lately; but I feel weaker than aver I did—I feel as if I were going to die. Perhaps it would be better if I were to die, and then I should not be a trouble and a oare to anybody. And it would be better to die than to go mad, would it not ?" "Enid,"said the reotor, very gravely, "I believe that your malady is entirely one of the serves, and that it oaa be controlled. You must try to believe, my darling, that you aould oonquer it if you tried. When you feel the approach of one of these seizures, as you call them, resolve that you will aot give way. By a determined effort I think that it is passible for you to ward them off. Will you try, for my sake?" "I will try,"said Enid, wearily ; "but I am afraid that trying will ba useless." "And another thing—I do aot believe that Mr. Inirledew is giving you the right kind of medicine. I want you quietly to stop taking it for a week, and to stop drinking lemonade »r orange water at night. In a week's time let us see how you feel. If you are no better [ will talk to Ingledew myself. Will you promise me that ? Say, ' Yes, Maurice.'" " Yes, Maurioe, I promise you." , c And one thing more, my own dearest. When that nightmare attaeks you again, try lo oonquer your fear of it. Do not lie still; rise up and see what it really is. You may find that your dreamy state has misled you, and that what you took tor a threatening figure is merely that of a servant who has had orders to come and see whether you were sleeping or not. Nightmares often re- •olve themselves into very harmless things. And of the supernatural I do not think that you need be alarmed; God is always near you —He will not suffer yon to be frightened by phantoms of the nighty Remember when you wake that I shall be thinking of you—praying For you. I am often up very late, and I do tot sleep heavily. I shall probably be awake ihinking of yen—or I may be praying for you, darling, in my very dreams. Will you think »f that and try to be brave?" "I feel braver now,"said the girl, simply. "Yes, Maurioe, I will do all you ask. I do tot think that I shall feel afraid again." He left her soon afterwards, and returned an the following morning, to hear, not with mrprise, that she had elept better, that she had no nightmare, and that ehe suffered less frem nausea and faintness than usual. Mrs. Vane was away for a sooond night, and lie had time to see Enid again before her return. She had not touched her medicine settles, and there was again a slight but marked improvement in her oondition. Mr. Rvandale induoed her to fetoh one of the bottles of Mr. Ingledew's mixture, which he put into his pocket and conveyed to his own fieme. Here he smelt, tasted, and to seme extent tnalyzed it. The result was such as to plunge him for some time into deep and troubled thought. "I expected it," he said at last, with an inpatient sigh. "The symptoms were those •f digitalis-peisening. There is not enough n this oonoootion to de her muoh harm, however. It is given to her in some other form— in that lemonade at night, perhaps. Well, I shall soon see whether my suspicions are oorreot when Mrs. Vane comes home." 