FOOTBALL NOTES. “The game I write; the players I judge,” [BY “VET.”] For what purpose is the Bendigo District Football Association in existence? I have hitherto been under the impression that one of its chief objects was to advance the game in tbo estimation of tbo public by eliminating from the Bold any play that savoured of a questionable character. But in this, I am afraid I have boon wrong.,. That is if I am to judge by the action of the delegates . thom holvc*l, Tnko the case of tbo charges by Lyon tbo eontral umpire against Rule and O’Neill in the Bendigo-Eaglohawk match, played so far back as July 24tb. From one oaiiso or another tho qnC'tion has been lulng up over since, and when it was put down for investiga tion last Monday night there was not a quorum of delegates to take any ‘ evidence, In fact thoro was only ono delegate present at a few minutes after 8 o’clock. Under the now rulo of tbo association none of tho delegate* from tho Bendigo or Englcbnwk could take any part in tbo enquiry, so they nro not In blame for being absent. Hub where wore tbo Sandhurst, North Bendigo and Sooth Bendigo representatives? Both of tbo Rules and O’Neil! wore in attendance, but the Com-, plaioant did pot putin an appearance. ' Jt seems to mo that instead of putting down! bid behavior at tbo football Bold, tbc association by its supinonoss is offering a permission, to players to excuse their Bghling tendencies.; Players of that class can reasonably argfte that if they do have a “go*in” they will only bo reported, and tho asuooiatioo will, not trouble themselves to.inquire into the matter. Tboy can further contend that- they bayo nothing to lose, as they aro permitted to play all tbo same. - '.hjii . 1“ 'Being circles there is a charge that is frequently hoard of viz “reversal of 'form,” It would bo idle to expect tho association to con»idor “reversal of form” of some, of .the clubs hero, for they cannot spare time to /in vestigate a simple charge of rough play. If they could Bod time they would bavo a.rare ohnnoo of Boding out the- cause of 'tbo “re versal of form" shown by the' South Bendigo in their match ogalnst the Englebawk nod tbo Bendigo tbo Uppevßesorve on two succes sive Wednesdays. ’ I notice Cr Marks has brought under tbo notice of bis colleagues in the City-Council tho narrowness,of the arena in tho Uppor ivpscrve. That gentleman is quite tight ; the « *o.® narrow,'and; it can.bo, Vlfefr at little expense for another 15 yardß,:yrhjoh would then make tlio ground about iGO-yoi-ds wide. 1 If Iho council can-so* their wiiy blear to remove tlio fence back on each side. q few yards, they will doniH’vo tbo thanks o;f 'tlio pi ivy or 8 and spectators alike. Tho track around the ground obuld also bo done, away wilb, for it is impossible to. keep tbo weeds from growing up through It, tlio looooa M aro moved back, thou soil oould bo Spread jrigbt up to that nod seed sown; ' the result being that by I bo time tbo next football season' come* round tbo whole oftko arena would bo under grass, lb would not Interfere wllli any apart* gathering tbat might. (alto place ih ibq Upper Reserve, for both cycling and ,poilo»- Imns oftii U80 a aroi$ track just an easily as they can a gravel one, tbo only difference bo log fclmt the timo made would’not bo'quiloiso fast. ■: . ■ ; , lliavobcon.naked by q correspondent ifrbm California Gully bow many goals tbo Eiglb bivwk kicked against tbo Maryborough, !tea»n in tboir match last sonibh. The "scores on that ecoa-Jon were—Eiglohawk, 12 gbali ? 'behind*; Maryborough, 6 goals 5 bebinus. Tbo premiership is still a very open ques tion. and at present it looks very much at if Eaglobawk were to again win ’ fcW coveted distinction. They arc only four points behind the South Bendigo, and they have to’moet the South team, tho Sandhurst and tbo Bendigo, By tlio manner in which tboy f*iv|y rqnlavor tho North on Wednesday last I should imagine they will have but little diftlaulty in “swooping tho floor" with both Sandhurst and Bondigo, and if tho South’s play on Wed nosday.ls to bo taken ns a-oritorion of tboir play for tbo rest of tbo uvutun then live “two blues" should not have much trouble In gel* ting away wilb' thorn, Tho South hove to moot tho Sandhurst, tbo North Bendigo and tbo Eaglobawk, tho first gamo of tbo ihroo being played on tho Upper R.-serve, and; the other two at North Bendigo and Eaglobawk. In order for them to win tbo premiership'they most, if Eaglobawk keep on ns tboy did; last Wednesday, win two of tbo mulubos and draw tlio third.' North Bondigo, who' mo running equally with tho Eaglobawk, bavo' to imol South Bondigo, Bondigo and Sandhurst, lint I do not think they can roly on getting! the host of either of the clubs tboy moot. Neither Sandhurst nor Bondigo have a ghost of a chance. To sum up, believing that tbo South’s display on Wednesday was not their true form, 1 shall give the South Bondigo as promiriv, and Iho Eaglobawk as runners’ up. Wednesday next will bo tho last occasion for tbo season of football being played in tbo Upper Ucserve, tho dubs engaged being, tbo South Bendigo and tbo Sandhurst. After tbo tho Bendigo’s display .on Wednesday; tbo Sandhurst supporters should not* 1)j void of on Uopo of tbcic moo either boating tho South or making a draw with thorn. In any base tboro ought to bo a good game, for it is tin opon secret that tbo sympathies of tbo Sand hurst aro not much.in favor of tho South, and it can bo roliod on that tho Cardinals will do iheir level best to keop tho rod «nd white fiuin scoring four points on Wednesday. Tbo second twenty premiership is almost a certainly for tbo Sandhurst representation. At tho prevent time tboy are loading by six points, and they havo to meat this afternoon in tho Upper Reserve the Eaglobawk, and on Saturday next tboy piny North Bondigo in tbo Upper Reserve. If tboy win this gamo tboir scoro will eland at 36 points,while Eiglehftwk, who bavo a walk over on Saturday next, as they nro drawn against tbo South Bondigo, can only obtain in the event of a win this afternoon a total of 30 points. The result of tlio premiership will be almost determined by to-day’s matches,and if tho Cardinals win, the premiership is tboirs for a certainty. Therefore, ye Cardinals, wbot your appoiite and do good justice to your ohiof barrackcr’s banquet thut you are almost sure to gain, and while doing so devoutly offer up a prayer that Tom Hogan’s shadow will never grow less or his interest in your doings wane. What can L say,of tbo match last Wodnos-. day between tho Bendigo and tho South Ben digo? I cannot say it was a good gamo, for il was tho woral 1 havo soon upon tho ground, Neither can I compliment either loam upon tboir promptitude in pulling in an appear ance. Certainly II of tho Bondigo oatno out a couplo of miaules before tbo time fixed for starting, a quarter to four, but they did not bavo 20 players until a fow minutes before half-time. Tho South, to tho tuno of 19 men, came out a couplo of minutes after the hour appointed. Both clubs should ■ bo flood, for neither can put forward tho ploa of baring to travel two and a quarter miles to tbo con vincing ground. Bui if 1 cannotjsay.anything in favor, of the game, l ean speak In praise of aomo of tbo individual play. That, of Trowartba has not boon surpassed during, tbo season, and though ho was handicapped by a weak anklo, bis performance ws» of , tbo highest order. In foot, bo saved the Bondigo team from defeat. His high marking .and kicking wore a perfect treat to but owing I o bis anklo bo vvas not able to shine much in running with tbo bill. Divis played as 1 havo nuvor scon him play before, and Ingloflnger hold Fredericks almost ns cheaply ns that player did Harvey in tbo match on tho previous Wednesday. Carroll displayed hrillanoy and groat judgment in defending bis goal, and on several occasions relieved in splendid htylo, Kershaw made bis presence felt in tbo ruck as soon as ho came on, which was some time after a start had been, made, and bis high marking was quite up to bis old form. Burns time after tints boat Williams in going for tbo ball in tbo air. McQoorgo since ho bad boon placed on the wing instead of forward on goal, bat several times sbo>\n what a good roan ho is when in his right plaoo, but nnno of bis previous efforts wore equal to those of Wednesday, Little Graham followed splendidly, and In (bis department of Iho gamo was almost equal to Luko and Ogilvio. Bond at limes played briliantly.and Boyd did more good .titan be generally does in front of goal albeit ho only scored one goal during'the afternoon, .Conoidino by bis play kopt up tho family reputation, and Hoskiog occasionally did work that brought him under the favor able notion of tbo spectators. Jenkins seemed to lack bis acoustomod fire, and his perfor mance was a long way bolow bis usual bril liancy. Of tbo others, tboy wore on ; tho ground and did a lot of running about) but gfino-'aliy were of not much use to tbo team. On tlio south side Luko . and Ogilvio were about tbo only two tha 1 . played at nil up to their form, and two of them deserved all tho words of praiso that have b<on bestowed upon tlu-in. Hardy-was not bad, but ho certainly, was not tho Hardy of the previous week. Frcdeiicks seemed to work hard, but invariably filled to como off. Bulger now and again made tbo . fact of his being in the team evident to tho onlookers, but the instances were few and far between., Both Mills and Cook did. fairly good work, bat when, shooting for goal scorned to bo under tbo impression that, tho behind post was a goal post, judging by tbo flight of the. ball after il left tboir toes. Williams might, on bis play, have a (banco in a mixed twenty nextsea«on, tbo only redeeming feature of his play being the faol that bo kicked two goals. Mitchell, as usui), did bis work clean and neatly, and if tbo other members of £bb team had played ns well as bo did, there would havo been a different • tale to toll. - Slanworlh was not - at all bad, but the, Homed to ho suffering from some unknown, cause or tho other, . NeH obtained, a' gaol— aftor U a*, chaos. From (be published list T son tboro were other players on , tbo ground, but for all they did of any merit they might, as well have boon in tho dam. Tbo. attend ance at tho match was Hirly good, over £13 being lakon at tbo gates. Mr Crapp’s um piring did not compare favorably with either that of McCoy or Shaw. Ho allowed a.groat deal too much scrimmaging, end was some-, what slow, , . Prom' tbo account of tho game at Norib- Bondigo, between tho Eaglobawk and: iho North Bondigo, .it reads os if tboro was - only, one club in it,'and that'was not tbo yellow and blue,. With, the wind or.without the wind tbo ’Hawk had tbo best of tbo play,but in tho sroond and third quarter they fairly rompod over tho North. For Ibis /result, Miller, M'Donald, Davis,, Forth,, J.ones, Berriman and Harvey wore chiefly responsible.and ;to prevent defeat, r Thomas, Bromley, ■ Cairns, M'Tsvish, Jackson, Turnbull, Lewis; Com-, raons, Minocue, : Esposito, Hummel), . and Evans,., .worked ,very hard. ,. A .- singular incident occurred in .this' match'. Bray sbnl tho ball botw* on the. pos’.s'for rtho, ’Hawks, bub before dring ao tbo umpire, awarded a freet kick to Bottoms, but b.e aluo >as successful in piloting the leather in thejelgbt direction; Mr, Ward; yvas .the central umpire,, and proved to bo both fast, and impartial, and was' 'evi dently determined lo : keep down any rough play, Ho used,at; one time play...with/tbo Bendigo Clob and was.one. < of their, host ’fol •. years book.;i/ ; . . : , t j \ ' From West Australia -I hear thab.“,Jimmy" .Graham, who. was snob a,.lower ofstrengthTo the red and blue prior to 'his departure from, tbo district tp.ijloy wltb ; sojne of the .metro politan team?, Jr.eoypHpg..;bimselft, with;'dis tinction in tbo football.-fiold; Jiroray hag nlso; had qn ho haying boon; slabbed by some Gqolgardieites while; on ‘Hoar,”,, yerytS.erioos affair, -and r he is, X am told,'all right again.' (rl ; ) ‘ Do you knaw/jiipr through tbo telephone;-'? : . r ' • \ Baroneia 1 : wo saw 0 v *f ; Ohaiidier’s" Wife < ‘,’f Ic/jjad ( , pleasuro' of dining wit h 'hcr Idsfc seaabh at Lucernel- ■■■'-' *' “’ V r • On the lawb~‘I|Io^de, ian’^ Bull wort by JoanesV- giclr oiVer I 1 Certainly.' Welli? qjv never-!' Quite’ alone; and last a v^dtmue,qfc : j cnvaliers. ,j;tp:'a-ye;;fos'i 'attractiveness.' , ‘Sho cRn’t belp it’ dear! ; | she didn’t lose ib. It was her patera w,h(dj lost it, deajr—soraod'yer 'DairibaYtonj some ovefBh&qtiefc;,'liptfquito.W pile over Sdlard. i Workiugbatn.’ m.£‘Of i t 