InUxbxattB&n.; Ballarat. — The City Hall presented an animated appearance during the late session of the Church Synod, the attendance of members being exceptionally large, and the visitors' seats being always well filled until a late hour in the evening. The President's address was able, temperate, and exhaustive. That part of it which has the greatest interest for the Church at large — viz., his discussion of the great question of Church Eeunion — we print in full elsewhere.^ Its judicious and moderate tone presents a striking contrast to Archbishop Carr's unfair and hvsterical comments on it. In the evening there was a choral service at the Pro-Cathedral, when the Dean of Melbourne was the preacher, his text being ' It seemed good to the Holy Ghost; and to us.' The congregation was very large. The next morning, after choral celebration at the Cathedral, a Church conference was held in Christ Church Hall, at which Dean Yance gave an address on Twenty Years of Church Work in Australia. The most important subject before the Synod was the bill for the appointment of a Suffragan Bishop of Warrnambool, with for his district the area now covered by, two out of the three Archdeaconries. The second reading met with, some little opposition from a few of the clergy, and a larger number of laymen, but, very much through the able and conciliatory speeches of Dean Stretch, was carried in both Houses. 'In committee, those who had opposed the measure before devoted their efforts to making it thoroughly workable, and the third reading was earned by a unanimous vote. It was an open secret, or rather it was no secret at all, that Arch deacon Cooper is to be the Suffragan, and that his consecration is to take place at a very early date. The next subjeot in importance was the vexed question of patronage, which in this case was solved by a unanimous vote in favour of an alteration of the existing Act, leaving the nomination to the parish entirely in the Bishop's hands. It is worthy of remark, as showing how steadily the influence of Bishop Thornton with his people has increased, that both these measures now passed without dissent have been submitted in former years to Council or Synod, and failed to obtain their concurrence. A proposal to set at rest a doubt as to who has the property in church furniture and ornaments, by vesting it in the Corporation Trustees of the church, produced a long and lively debate, but was at last assented to. The Eev. Tapley Short has been appointed to St. Paul's, and the Eev. E. Coote to Mildura. St. Peter's is still vacant. Goulburn. — The Synod met on Tuesday, April 23rd. The Bishop, after the usual epitome of the diocesan events of the year, spoke of the visit of the Bishop of Salisbury, and of the great pleasure which it had given them to welcome, if only for one day, the son of the late Bishop of Lincoln, himself a scholar and theologian of high repute, and of the effect of his coming among them in deepening the feeling that the Anglican Church in Australia is but one province of an ancient and world- wide communion, built on the foundation of Apostles and Apostolic order. He went on to refer to the establish ment in the diocese of a society called ' The Mothers' Union,' whose objects are — (1) To uphold the sanctity of marriage ; (2) to awaken in mothers a sense of their great responsibility in the training of their boys and girls ; (3) to organise in every place a band of mothers who will unite in prayer and seek by their own example to lead their families in purity and holiness of life. The Girls' Friendly Society, although only eighteen months established, numbered seven associates, forty members, and seven probationers. He recommended the study of the rules of the Brotherhood of St. Andrew to the clergy who desired an answer to the question, ' How to reach the men.' The number of honorary readers now employed in the diocese was twenty. He regarded a well-regulated system of lay help as a positive necessity. After appropriate references to the deaths of Bishops Harper, Linton, Parry, and Pearson, and the elections of Bishops Green and Wilson and of Dr. John Eeginald Harmer to the Sees of Graf ton and Armidale, Melanesia, and Adelaide, and to the Self Denial Effort of 1894, the Bishop mentioned having confirmed during the year 365 candidates, and spoke with approval of Bishop ' Dupanloup's statement that all youths that came under his hands were under preparation for confirmation for at least two years. Among general topics touched upon was the use at Holy Com munion of ' unfermented wine.' 'I would caution,' he says, ' my reverend brethren against departing from the Institution of Christ for any of the reasons which are popularly alleged for such departure. Every care should be taken that the wine used at the Celebration of the Sacrament is pure, and of low alcoholic strength. If thought advisable, it may be mixed with a little water, not of course as a ceremonial act during the service, but before the service, when the elements are being made ready. Shall we be afraid that in the faithful use of the Sacrament, administered as the Lord commanded, the Redeemer of men will fail to shield those who communicate worthily from every possible harm ? I see no need to supplement His Divine commands by a human provision which, to say the least, is of doubtful value, and may perhaps invalidate the Sacrament. If it be that one here and there who has just escaped from bondage to intoxicants is unable, in his present bodily and mental condition, to receive without risk the chalice of salvation, surely it will be better that he should be without a sacrament which he is incapable as yet of receiving profitably. For such persons, I doubt whether there is safety in so-called ' unfermented wine.' ' New South Wales: Sydney.— We regret to learn that the Eev. C. Baber, the much- esteemed Incumbent of Petersham, is retiring from his office on account of ill-health. Bishop Wilson, of Melanesia, in a flying visit paid to Sydney in Holy Week, gave an address at St. Paul's College to about seventy friends of the Mission, among whom were the Primate and the Dean. The Venerable B. King, who since 1893 has been a confirmed invalid, has resigned the Archdeaconry of Cumberland, to which he was appointed in 1881 by Bishop Barker. The retiring Archdeacon has for many years exercised great influence in the counsels of the diocese, and has won universal respect by his faithful work and consistent life. More than twenty years ago we remember his name being proposed for the Bishopric of Brisbane, then vacant through the resignation of Bishop Tufnell. His successor in the Archdeaconry is the Eev. J. D. Langley, brother to the Arch deacon of Melbourne, who succeeded the late Canon O'Eeilly in the Incumbency of St. Philip's, Sydney, in which charge he has con tinued till now. Tasmania.— The first session of the Thirteenth Synod commenced on Tuesday, April 23rd, and ended on Friday, April 26th. Prior to the celebration of Holy Communion in St. David's Cathedral, with which the proceedings were begun, Archdeacon Hales, in the absence of the Dean, installed Archdeacon Whitmgton (who succeeds the late Arch deacon Mason as Archdeacon of Hobart) and the Eev. E. C. Nugent Kelly as Canons of the Cathedral. The Bishop's address was very spirited and cheering, and disclosed a state of things which spoke well for the vitality and progress of the Church in the diocese. Seventeen churches had been completed or begun; £2140 more had been raised for Church purposes than in 1893 ; communicants had increased by 626, Sunday services by 481, week-day services by 228, Sunday scholars by 572, teachers by 78. The chief diocesan needs were means, men, and organisation. The means, he was sanguine, would be forthcoming; the men he would himself supply. For organisation, he thought it well to encourage local councils of Churchmen, and hoped that some of the rural deaneries which he proposed to establish would soon become distinct factors in our Church life. He thought the time had come for specialising the work of an archdeacon, and devoting him wholly to it. An archdeacon who had also a parish cpuld only occasionally be an executive officer. Again, in this missionary diocese you cannot afford to have old bishops ; posts of activity cannot be made lifelong appointments for anyone. He called upon the clergy and the laity to bind themselves together in the Australian Missionary Union to represent those who represented them. Indeed, he had pledged his diocese to enter into a glorious rivalry with other dioceses in giving to black races the best gift in the world. He earnestly trusted that at the great meeting of the Board of Missions in Sydney next July the subject of a Bishop for New Guinea might be strongly taken up. [The part of the address which deals with the Constitution of the ucenerai oynoa we nave aireaay maae ine suoject or one oi our notes for the month.] The Bishop suggested that a small Council of Anglican Divines should be elected, not for legislative purposes, but as a consultative body, to whom may be referred great questions which come up for settlement from time to time, but which ought not to be left to individual bishops to deal with. On the subject of reunion the Bishop said : — ' ' It is much to be regretted if Christian charity in making advances towards all other bodies has been mistaken for doubts about our own principles and position, for such doubts would be an offence against loyalty and truth. We have no such doubts. It may be as well to state once for all that if we hail with satisfaction expressions of kindly feeling from the Pope, it is not because we have any intention of ever accepting the 'fifteen novel dogmas' of the Church of Borne ; nor, if some warm-hearted Churchmen rush off to Switzerland and spend days with active and respected nonconformist, ministers, are you to suppose that we have ever thought of resigning that Church order or sacramental system which, having preserved for. 1800 years, we propose to retain in its fulness to the end of time.' The first subject with which the Synod were occupied was the case of the Eev. S. Topham, who petitioned the Synod against the action of the Bishop in withdrawing his license upon an unproved complaint. The Bishop, by the unanimous advice of his council, supported by the opinion of the Primate, to whom the matter had been referred, ruled the petition out of order, as the withdrawal of an unbeneficed clergyman's license was a matter over which the Synod had no jurisdiction. Mr. Barnard afterwards endeavoured to obtain from the Synod an expression of dissent from his Lordship.'s ruling, but with drew hi8 motion on its being shown conclusively by Archdeacon Hales and the Advocate of the Diocese that Church law was entirely on the Bishop's side, and that moreover Mr. Topham had himself consented to the Bishop's action, and that the statement that he had sustained any injury through it was entirely untrue. The difficulty with the Government as to the ownership of the Newtown Parsonage was in a fair way of being adjusted. Archdeacon Whitington was elected Administrator of the Diocese in the absence of the Bishop. In the course of this discussion it was elicited that the Dean of Hobart was negotiating an exchange of parishes with a clergyman in Southampton, who would make a very good Dean. 