OUR LADIES' COLUMN. LADIES BLAZER COSTUME. This illustrates a ladies'- -blazercostume-. The p-ittern, which ia:No.- 7475 and costs Is Scl, can be obtained at Messrs. Carolin and Co.'s, is in fourtoen eizos for ladies from 28 in. to 48in., bust measure. • It is generally conceded that few styles of feminine gowns possess as many good quali ties as the blazer costume, which is equally satisfactory for promenading, shopping, tra velling and general utility wear, and is al ways lady-like and trim. Electric-biuo . and pure whito sergo, were horo selected to de velop the latest blazer costume, with gold., soutacho braid and machine- stitcliiug for decoration. The fo'ur-gored| skirt falls with pleasing • grace at the' back, >whero ib is gathered -at :the top, arid fits closely across the hips and in front, where all superfluous fulnoss is removed by darts. The fhre at the bottom may be ompha3ised by a facing of canvas or crinolin, and the back-gore may be interlined with the aamo, if it is deemed desirable to produce the outstanding effect that is now so popular. A placket is finished above the left side-back seam, and the top of the skirt is completed with a belt.! The lower edge of the vest describes a point at the centre of the front, and the frDiits aro fitted by singlo bust darts that are gracefully curved to the figuro. The back is shaped by a well curved centre seam and joins the fronts in under-arm and shoulder seams. Straps are included in the under-arm seams at the waist lino and are buckled at the centre of the back to regulate the width. The vest is topped by a standing collar and is closed at the centre of tha front with hooks and loops. The fronts and collar are deccrated: with gold -soutache braid applied in a vermicelli design. The jacket or blazer is of becoming depth extending well over the hips. The fronts are fitted by singlo bust darts, and are: reversed to form tapering lapels, which are faced with tho material and meat the rolling collar in notches. The adjustment ig completed by under-arm and side-back gores, and a curving centro seam that terminates below the waist line above coat-laps; and thesido-bnck seams disappear under well pressed coat plaits. The leg-o'-muttpn alcoves are shaped by one seam only, aud are mounted on similarly shaped ■linings; the generous fulness at the top is collected in upturning plaits that cause the sleeves to droop in many pretty cross folds .and wrinkles to the elbow, below which a close adjustment is presented. A single row of machine-stitching decorates each sleeve a little above the wrist odge and a single row of stitching follows the loose edge3 of the rolling collar and the other free edges of tho jacket. A costume of this stylo muy be made up to suit any temperature, as there is a prac tically endless assortment of suitable mate rials. Sorge is especially satisfactory, and so are chevoit, whipcord, camel's hair, cloth and some of the novelty woollens. A pretty contrast may bo effected by making the vest of a light-hucd fabric that harmonises with the principal material A simplo flourish of one or mora rows of machine-stitching at all the edges is stylish and tasteful. A con venient change can bo made by providing shirt-waists to use in alternation with the ve3t. This mode t is also adaptable to a variety of washable fabrics, such as cotton, cheviot, duck and galatea. ■ The hat is a light felt trimmed with ribbon, wk)g3 and rosettes.. [Under .this head wo will' be prepared to I receive and answer,, as far as possible, any in quiries which our subscribers may be pleased to send in, addressed under covsr,' to "Madge," Advertiser office.] A CHAT ABOUT PANS. The fan has in all ages, and'in every civilised country, been regarded as an indis pensable accessory of a lady's toilet, and; when deftly and skilfully used, is perhaps tha most effective weapon in tli3 whole range of feminine armor. If we observe closely enough thechoice and manipulation of this ono article, ivo shall have a snro index to many, mental ; peculiarities and individual characteristics > for, on the principle that straws show how the wind blows," nothing 'gives us away,' as the Amorican1) say, more certainly than our manner of selecting and wearing our clothes. Moreover, the fan is especially adapted for, the display of artistic fancies. Every portion ; of it is available for decorative purposes, as well of the artist as the artificer. This being so, it has defied the capricious changes of time and fashion, and is as much in' vogue to day, not only as an articlaof dress, but as an important item for U3e in artistic decoration, as when in bygone ages the '.'Egyptian artist painted it on th<3 walls ' of the tombs of Theses"—a time now almost forgotten in the dim obscurity of distant ages. " It seems to'have como into general use in: England in the early part of the seventeenth; , contury, and in-1709 the London Fan Makers' ;■ Company was formed, conclusively proving its commercial importance and extensive use at that time. ! v In the South Kensington Museum there,ia an interesting collection of old fans, of all countries, mostly presented by Lthe late Sir Digby and Lady Wytfc. They, have been brought from every country in Europe,,! India, China, etc., -and, carefully arranged in the glass cases, are neatly numbered and labelled; That is all we know of their story,"and we would like to know more; We wondorand speculate. Who' designed and fashioned them ? Who owned and used fcliem? The clover, activo brain and dclicately skilled fingers of the designer and fashioner liave longboBn dust; and the users, with their loves and hates, hopes and fears, am bitions ind heart-burning jealousies, fierce life struggles and sad tragedies,: have ■ passed away, and their names and memories been forgotten ; but these remain. Somewhat dull and sombre are the tortoise-ahell and lacqucrod Chinese specimen's, the former finoly earved and pierced, representing men, houses, otc., but very beautiful are the ones in white ivory, with their lace-like carving. Yery dainty are some of the French styles, representing ; pastipral scenes and figures, which suggest the brush of Watteau. One of these is h perfect niedley of art. Tho fan itself is covered with pictures depicting Japanese figures and subjects, pretty, mcdal lioned pastoral scenes, figures, etc. ; and the very guards have miniature portraits. An Italian example represents the Judgment of Paris in sepia. Thore are some rare fan mounts of English workmanship, which have been bought. One in brilliant colors re presents tho children of Israel dancing around the goldon calf ; and another George. . III. and his family (a numerous one) visit ing the Royal Academy Exhibition. At a shop in Hew Bond Street, London may bo seen a rare collection of fans, antique as well as modern, which for beauty and variety of design it would be difficult to surpass. Mr Gregg, tho pro prietor calls himself a 'fan specialist,' and his collection proves he is fully justified in doing so.. Many of the fans have their value en hanced because of associations. Ono, said to have, belonged to Mrs Siddons, the queen of English tragedy, wo tenderly unfold and ..examine with minute interest. It is of silk' which shows signs of ago, spangled with real silver still untarnished. Another, closely associated with memories of the stage, was ono of a numbei of curious fans found hidden in thn garret of an old house at.Bournemouth. It commemorates n performance given at the Opera House, Coveut GarJeu, 011 February 20, 1700 Each spectator was presented with a paper fan, showing a plan of the house, and giving tho names of those present on the occasion. Thus we are told 11.11.11. the Princess or Wales occupied box -10 ; tho Duke of York, the Duke of Rutland, Mrs. Mathews, the Hon. Goorgo Pitt sat in tho same box, etc., eie. Another, wrapped in an old-world in voice, bearing too name and date Edward Archer, mercer, Henrietta Street, Covent Garden, 17SS, vouches for its own antiquity. But interesting in their own way as the old world examples are, they, aftor all, only ap peal to tha few. It's tho fans of to-day that are of general interest, and they are suffi ciently varied, both in material and design, to suit tho tastes and purses of all buyers. Some very pretty effects are produced in lace. ! One has a design after Angelica Kaufmann, copied from old Brussels lace, the work hav ing been done by the Devonshiro lacemakers — an industry fast dying out in those days ofeluapyefc pretty imitation laces. Most beautiful are the hand-painted ones, the work "f an English lady who has exhibited in tho R iy.'.l Academy. ilor fl-nrer and famw suidies are alike exquisite. Tha 1 Wedding Mom,' painted on white silk, is a ' ch%r:mi>!( idea, most artistically treated. The graceful figure',' the orange blossqra, the pretty garlands, ;the„ ■ distant church, the Cupids—three of them are ringing . the bells ■which hang in the'orahgo blossom—all seem touched by fairy fingers. The immortal Cupid, with hts bow arid arrow, plays an important part in many of the studies ; but in " Cupid's spinning" the novel idea of representing Cupid spinning and practising top-spinning is introduced. 'After looting at t'no old' and the new in thin art, we feel sure more that in this as in all else we are the heir3 of the ages ; and while admitting the debt we owe to the dead, and recognising to the full the beauty of the old examples, we are convinced the new aro more in acoordance with present day feminine ideas of beauty and grace. A WOMAN'S CHABM. A woman is most charming when she is animated and bright. A tear may move pity, but it is a smile that commands admira tion. She must not be for ever sparkling," that is monotonous and wearying ; the per petual flashing of diamonds tires the eyes and the brain. She must have her sober, moments, if only to throw into higher relief the moments when she is gay. ' A women . is. most charming when she is tender and sympathetic. She may : dazzle when sho is merry, but when she is gentle and full of sympathy, she. enchains a man's heart. When her voic6 takes a softened tone, and her eyes look words that her lips hesitate to. say—then, if she only knew her power, it.would be a bad time for tha world, at large ! She could do with it what she chose ; only she never knows it. Probably she charms the most when she is most un conscious of it. The very unconsciousness is a part of the charm. A ' wotaan is most charming ", when she,is good- natured. , Bad temper narer charmed. Sarcasni may amuse when it is directed against some one " else, but it does not win anyone's .heart.' Good temper is an attraction even iu a plain woman. When a woman has that in addition to her cither qualities—when she is natural in. her manners, unconscious, animated, tender, and gentle—then, indeed, she is charming to all the world. Sometimes she posseses a quality known as fascination, which no one has ever yet boon able to define—-a'quality outside of and beyond all these attractions, and inde pendent' of them to the ordinary eye'. But without this fascination a very good sub stitute may be formed from the qualities just counted up, and many a woman can cultivate these graces and make herself "charming in the eyes of all who know her. THE EDUCATION OF NERVOUS : ,:r . CHILDREN. ^ It is difficult to exaggerate the evil that maybe worked upon a nervous child by the tales of ghosts, robbers, bogies, or policemen, with which many childron arecontinuously in dulged. The inculcation of the precepts of religion also too often becomes the means by which terrifying ideas are implanted in the infant mind, much to the disturbance of that peacefulness during the hours of rest which is essential to its normal, development. It is pitiful to think of the number of children who instead of dropping into dreamless slumber look forward to bedtimo as a time of terror, bury their faces in the bedclothes, and only whon exhausted fall asleep, haunted by • visions of a constant all-seeing eye, by dread of unending torments for each unfor given; may bo.forgotten, little fault, and by fear of lightning' and other natural pheno mena which they have been taught are instru ments of wrath. From ail sueh thoughts the developing brain should be protected. But later on, when education, as it is now under stood, begins, the child, among whose ances tors neuroses have prevailed requires even more protection, for every influence is often brought- to bear to disturb his mental equili brium. If ho is dull and backward he is punished, if he is bright, intelligent and pre cocious he becomes the. pride of his teachers and is sot to win scholarships for the glory of his school. In either case he is exposed to the very turmoil of mind from which he should bo most protected. USEFUL HINTS. Articles cf old furniture are sometimes made to appear new by washing them with lime water and then applying a coat ot oil. New tins should be set over the fire with boiling writer in them and Via kept hot for several hours before using them, else they will taint the food with the. soldering. Squal parts of lime water and sweet oil well mixed will form a kind of soap which'is very efficacious in taking out or removing inflam mation, as well as for healing wounds caused by burns or scalds. The Evils of Heating Shoes. During the winter months boots and shoes aro often heated to such a degree that they smell as if i burning. This heat is very injurious to the leather, r.nd readers it liable to break, crack, and even split the boots are ruined. Leather which has been made very hot is deprived of its vitality, and will need grease applied to it at once to prevent its being ruined. Tha best and simplest way to test black cilk is to burn a small piece. If it burns out quickly, leaving a clear, crisp, grey ash, the silk is pure; but if it; smoulders, and leaves a heavy red or reddish brown a-.il, it has beer. rr:.'.ted will: chemicals, and will not wear well. 