. BURN- ED.FOR A WITCH. -o . STORY OF THE CRIME. A HORRIBLE AFFAIR. f- Eight m'n were recently sentenced to terms of imlprisonment varying from six It months to twenty years for the murder of a woman named Cooper, whom they :o burned to death, under the delusion that it they were destroying a with. The fol 0 o wing particulars of thecrime are taken Sfrom thieLondon "Times": r A ahookiogoccurreene, recalling the bar. it barities practised in the Middle Ages upon r- prisoners charged with witchcraft, has taken place at Baityvadhen, a village situate on the ts elopes of Elievenaman, in the county Tippe. r rary. It would be incredible if the account .o w.vre a,t so,ta:'iitol by the sworn evidence of witnesses. Two men and a i woman are charged with causing the 1C death of a woman 27 years of age, named tBridget Cleary, wife of a cooper, by forcing p her, as she was suffering front nervous excite. ment and mild bronchitis, to drink noxious I potions prepared for her by a herbalist, and e then seizing her and roasting her under the a- supposition that she was a witch. Her Shuband.called on her to say, in the name of God, that she was not his wife. She was held s' over a fire to make her say this. *e These proceedings were repeated on the fol. I lowing night, when the husband knocked her down, stripped off all her clothes, poured parafn oilover her, and set fire to her with e a burning stick from thehearth. While she was burning to death there were present six n of the male prisoners and two women, all re latives of the deceased.- Some of themn re monstrated with the husband, but did noth. ina more. He told them that itwas nothis wife he was burning but a witch, and that she .r would disappear up the chimney. During the process of the protracted and terrible t- tortures described by a witness as having been inflicted on the unfortunate woman, some of the party repeated the words, S"Come home, Bridget Boland" (the maiden ;t name of the victim), in the belief, ap o' parently, that they were doing what was e necessary to bring back the real Bridget Boland who had been carried off by the "good r people,'" the fairies,and that it was a super. e atitiouecounterfeit they were cruelly killing. The savage orgies were formed in the house or of the woman's father. The dead body is of the victim, with thestomach burnt through, to was found buried in a ditch atter a week. The following is taken from the evidence at the magisterial investigation at Clon. r' mel: William Simpson, a caretaker, stated that '1I on the night of the tragedyhe went to the house of Patrick Boland, and on the way met M Lrs Bourke rand her daughter Kate. They went together to the house, and on reaching in it heard shouts, apparently in men's voices, :e oi "Take it, you old-, or I'll kill you." er He could not see in through the windcw, but the door opened shortly afterwards, and they went in. ly Colonel Evanron: Was there anything that lel to the door being opened? t The witness: They were obliged toopen the door, as I thought, to put out the fairies. If Continuing his evidence, he said that he and r, the two women wens in, and they heard if shouts of "Away she go; away she go." He it then saw a number of men holding Mrs t. Cleary in bed. These were John Dunn, \- Patrick Kennedy, James Kennedy and Wm. * Kennedy. Mrs Cleary's husband wasetand. Ing by the bed, holding a saucepan in his it hand, and he asked Mrs Cleary, "Are you r Bridget Boland. wife of Michael Cleary, in d the name of the Father, Son, and Holy 'y Ghost !" She said, in reply, " Yes, I an." The question was repeated several times. Witness saw Michael Cleary give his wife , some liquid in a spoon out of a saucepan. t There were herbs in the saucepan. Cleary d was forcing the herbs into his wife's mouth, and she resisted. Water, too, was thrown over her. Pat Boland asked her, a "Are you the daughter of Pat Boland? d Answer, in the name of the Father, the . Son, and the Holy Ghost." She did n not answer, and the question was repeated t morethan once. Questionedas to what these r people were all in the house together, for wit uses said he believed " they were driving ont the witch," and the door was open for the e purpose. When she would not answer the II question some one, he believed John Dunn, e said "sMake down a good fire, and we'll d make her answer." There was a fire burning at this time in the kitchen. She was then carried in front of the fire by John Duann, Patrick Kennedy, WilliamrKennedy, and her husband, and was y again asked the same questions. Witness did I not remember her making an answer. The 1men who were holding her then laid her over the fire, Cleary holding the saucepan all the time. The body was bant, and forced in on the grate, and her hips rested on it. The other persons in the room made no sign of c disapproval. In reply to her father, who asked her, " Are you the daughter of Pat rick Boland, wife of Michael Cleary ? An. swer me in the name of God." She said, "I am, dada." They were then satisfied they had tneir own. \What do you mean by 'that?-That they had Mrs Cleary, ani not a witch. Then what had they got before!--They believod they had a witch. They shook her when she was in the bed, saying, "Away with you. Come home, Bridget Boland, in the name of God." The same men took her off the fire when sirhe had answe:ed satisfac. torily. She was then put into bed, and they asked her questions, and she recoguised all iu the room. Some of those in the room then tried to console her. At S o'3lock in the morning Cleary went for the priest. The rev. O. F. Ryan was next examined, I and stated that he attended the deceased woman previons to her death, and gave her the last rites of the Churcumh. On the Satur-. day following her death ie saw Cleary in the a churchin Dranga. HIe was behaving' like amadman, tearing his hair, and anpeared 1 to be nsuffering from remorse, He asked I witnes if he thought he would ever be forgiven. Dnn, who was along h with Cleary, told witness that they had harned her to death and buried her, and that he had been asking Cleary all the morning to give her Christian burial. Had hie known thare was any esuch thing as witchcraft or fool play he would have refused to say mass in the house. He had communicated with the police, and told them to have thnir eye on Claary. On Tuesday Mrs Simpson, the wife of the witnese William Simpson,generally confirmed h history. When the woman was carried to the kitchen fire, which was a slow fire, not hotenough to boil a kettle, the witness heard it said by some that "All the ques- t tions should be answered beforemidnight," a 'which she understood to mean that the witch could not be driven away later than mid midnight. She saw nothing in reference t to a hot poker, but there was a mark as I of a burn on the forehead of the doeess?o. s She knew where the "fairy ring" was at Hylenagranagh Fort, but was never there. She heard Clhary tell her nusband on the b d3anday fo"owing the murder that his wife c was at Kylenagranagh, that they would go ir for her, that she would be on a grey horse, a, and that they would have to at the cords C that bound her on the horse. She did not t know whether they went. Father Ryan denounced the outrage in ot the strongest terms in Cloneen Chapel, and h caldled upon those of his hearers who knew w anytheng of the affair to eommunicate with L e authori ties. al ThIe total loss is reported of the barque hi Brodrive, while on a voyage from Cardiff m to iHayti. Six of the veesel'e company fi werne drowned. In 