THE EXPLOITS OF BRIGADIER GERARD. By A. Conan Doyle. How the Brigadier Slew the Brothers \- or Ajacoio. When I ioId you some little time ago how it was that I won the special medal for valor, I finished, as you will doubtless remember, by re- peoting tho saying of tho Emperor tlmt I had the stoutest heart in all his armies. In making that remark, Napoleon was showing tho insight for wliioh he was so famous. Ho disfigured hie sontence, however, by adding something about the thickness of my bead. We will pass that over. It is ungenerous to dwell upon the weaker moments of a great man. I wilt only say thia, that when the Emperor needed ah agent ho wae always ready to do mo the honor of recal ling the name of Etionne Gerard, though it oc casionally escaped him when rewards wero to bo distributed. Still, I was a colonel at 28, and the chief of a brigade a 31, so that I havo no reason to bo dissatisfiod with my oarscr. ' Had tho wars lasted another two or three years I might have grasped my baton, and the man who had his hand upon that was only ono stride from a throne. 'Mnrat had changed his hussar's cap for a crown, and another light cavalry man might have done as muob. However, all those dreams woro driven away by Waterloo, and, although I was notable to writo roy name upon 'history;. It ia sufficiently well known by all who served with' mo in the great wars of the Empire.' What I want to tell you to-night Is about the very singular offair wliioh first started me upon my rapid upward course, and which hod the effcot of establishing a secret bond between the Emperor and myself. There Ib just one little word of warning whioli I must give you before I begin. When you hear me speak, you must always bear in mind that you aro listening to one who has seen history from the inside. I am talking about what my ears have beard and my eyes havo seen, so you must not try to con fute me by quoting the opinions of some student or man of the pen! who has written a book of history or memoirs. Tbero is much which is un known by such people, and much which never will bs known by the world. For my own part, I could tell yon soma very BurprlBing things were it discreet to do so. Tho foots which I am about to relate to you to-night woro kept secret by me during the Emperor's lifetime, be cause I gave him my promise rhat it should bs so, but I do not think that thore can be any harm now in my telling tho remarkable part wliioh I played. You must knowj then, that nt the time of the Treaty of Tilsit I was a simple lieutenant in the 10th lluBsars, without money or interest. It is true that my appearanoe and my gallantly were in my favor, and that I had aheady won the reputation as being one of tho best swordsmen in tbo srmy ; but among the host of brave men who surrounded the Emperor it needed more than this to insure a rapid career. I was confi dent, however, thnt my ohanoo would come, though I never dreamed that it would take so remarkable a form. When tho Emperor returnod to Paris, after the declaration of penoc in the year 1807, he spent much of his time with tho Empress and the Court at Fontainoblcau. It was the tima when ho was at ths pinnaolo of his carorr. Ho had in three successive campaigns humbled Austria, crushed Prussia, and mnde the Russians very glad to got upon the right Bide of the Niemen. The old Bulldog over the Channel was still growling, biit.ho eoqld not got very far from bis kennel. .-If we eehld:haveJ (hade » per petual poaoe at'-that' 'moment, Frano'o would have taken a higher' place tjiap-anymatibii'slnoe the days of this Rojnans. !8q!I, lihvb heard/the wise folk say, \thohgh 'for 'my part I luid'otlier things to thliik-qf:'.' AI| tho_girls wera'glad to sec tho army baolf 'after ifto loA&'aojtnoe, and you may bo surs fhatl.fiad.my'sh'aro of any favors that were going. Yon may judge how far I was a favorite in those days when I say that even now, in my sixtieth year— but why should I dwell upon that whieh is already sufficiently well known? Our regiment of hussara was quartered with the horse oliasseurs of tho guard at Fontainc- bleau. It is, as you know, but a little placo, buried in tlie heart of the forest, and it wae wonderful at this time to eeo it crowded with Grand Dukes and Eieotors and Princes, who througed. round Napoleon liko puppies round thoir master, each hoping that some bono might he thrown to him. There was moro German than Frenoli to bs heard in the Btrcct, for those who had helped us in the into war had corns to beg for a roward, and those who had opposed us bed como to try and oso&po; their punishment. And ail the timo our little man, with his pale face and his oold, grey oyes, was riding to the bunt every morn ing, silent and broodiug, all of tlicm following in his train, in the hopo that some word would eooape him. And, then, when the humor seized him, he would throw a hundred square miles to that man, or tear ae much oif the other, round off one kingdom by a river, or cut off another by a ohnin of mountains. That was how he used to do business, this little artilleryman, whom wo had raised so high with onr sabres and our bayouotB. He was very civil to ub always, for ho knew where his power came from. We know alao, and showed it by tile way in wliioh we carried ourselves. Wo wore agreed, you under stand, that ha was the finest leader in tho world, hut we did not forget that he had the finest mon toload. Well, one day I wae seated ill my quarters playing cards with young Mornt, of the horse ohasieurs, when tho door opened and in walked Lasalle, who was our Colonel. You know what a fine, swaggering fellow ho was, and the sky blue uniform of the Tenth suited him to amarvel. My faith, we youngsters wereso taken by him that we all swora and diood and drnnk and played the deuce, whether we liked it or no, just that we might resemble onr colonel I We forgot that it was not because he drank or gambled that the Emperor was going to make him the head of the light oavalry, hut because he lind ths surest eye for the nature of a position or for ths strength of a column, end the host judgment ns to when infantry coald bo broken, or whether guns were exposed, of any man in tho army. We were too young to understand all that, however, so wo waxed our moustaches and olinked our spurs and let tho ferrules of our scabbards wear out by trailing tbem along the pavement in the hope that we should nil bcoomo Lasallcs. Whon lie eamo dunking into my quarters, both Morat and I sprang to our feet, "My boy," snid he, dapping mo on the houldcr, " the Emperor wants to seo you at 4 o'elook." Tho room whirled round me at the warde, " Copyright by Baclioller, Johnson and Bachollor, 1896. and I had to ' lean my Hands upon the edge of tho card table. ' - i - " What ?" I cried. "The Emperor ?" "Precisely," said he, emiling at my astonish ment. " But the Emperor does not know of my exis tence, Colonel," I protested. . "Why should he send for me?" " Well, that's just wlmt puzzles me," cried Lasalle, twirling his moustache. " If ho wonted tbo help of a good sabre, why should he descend to ono of my lieutenants when he might have found all that he needed at the hoed of tho regi ment? However," he added, dapping me upon tho shoulder again In tils hcarty.fashion, "cvory man lias his chance. I have had mine, other wise I should not be Colonel of the Tenth. I must not grudge you yours. Forwards, my boy, and may it be the first step towards ohanging your busby for a ccckod hat" It was but 2 o'olock, to he loft me, promising to como back and to accompany mo to the Ealaco. My faith, what a time I passod, and. ow many conjectures did I make as to what it was that tlio Emperor could want of me? I paced up and down my little room in a fever of entioipation. Sometimes I thought that per haps ha had heard of the gune wbioh we had taken at Austorlitz; bat then there was so many who had taken guns at Austerlitz, and two yenre had passed sines the battle. Or it might bs that he wished to reward me for my affair with tho aide-de-camp of the Hussion Emperor. But then again a oold fit would seize me, and I would fancy that lie had sent for me to roprimnnd me. There wero a few duels which he might have taken in ill part, and there were ono or two little, jokes In Paris ainco the peace. But, no ! I considered the words of Lasalle, " If ho had need of a-bravo man," said Lasalle. It was obvious that. my colonel had some idea of what was in tho wind. If ho had not known that it was to my advantage, he would not have been so cruel as to congratulato me. My heart glowed with joy as this oonvietion grew upon me, and I sat down to write to my mother and to tell her that the Emperor was waiting, at that very moment, to have my opinion upon a matter of importanoc. It mada me smilo as I wroto it to think that, wonderful as it appeared to me, it would probably only oonfirm my mother in her opinion of the Emperor's good sense. At half pest three I heard a sabre oome clanking against every step of my wooden stair. It was Lasalle, and with him was a little gentle men, very neatly dressed in black, with dapper rufllca and ouffs. We did not, know many oivilians, wc of tho army, but, my. word, thia was ono whom we oould not afford to Ignore I I had only to glance at those twinkling eyos, the comical, upturned nose, and the straight, precise mouth, to know that I was in the pre sence of the one man in France whom even the Emperor had to consider. "Thia is Monsieur Etienne Gerard, Monsieur de Talleyrand," said Lasalle, I saluted, and the atat'eiman took ma in from the top of my panaohe to the rowel of my spur, with a glance that played over me like a rapier point. " Have you explained to tho Lieutenant the oircumstanoes under whieh he ie summoned to tho Emperor'e presence?" he asked, inliisdiy, oroaking voioe. They were sueh a oontrnst, these two mon, that I could not help gianoing from one to ths other of them ; the little, black, sly politioian, and the big, sky blue hussar, with one fist on his hip and the other on tho hilt of his sabre. They both took their soate as I looked, Talley rand without a sound, and Lasallo with a clash and jingle like a pranoing ohargcr. . "It's this way, youngster," said he, in his brusque fashion ; "I was with the Emperor in his private cabinet this morning when a note was brought in to him. Ha opened it, and as he did so he gava suoh a start that it flutterod down on to thu floor. I handed It up to him again, but he was staring at tho wall in front of him as if ho had seen a ghost. 'Fratelli doll' Ajaooio,' ho muttcrod; and then again, ' Fratelli dell' Ajaooio.' Idon't pretend; to know more Italian than a man'caa pick up in two campaigns, and I oould make nothing of this. It BQomod to mo that he had gone out of his mind ; and you would have laid ao also, Monsieur do Tallyrand, if you had sson tho look in his eyes. He read the note, and then he sat for half an hour or mote without moving," " And you ?" asked Talleyrand. . " Why, I stood there not knowing what I ought to do. Presently he aeomcd to come back to his senses. " 'I suppose, Lssallo,' said he, ' that you havo some gallant young officers in the Tenth ?' " 'Tliey are all that, sire,' I answered. '"If you had to pick one who woa to be deponded upon for action, but who would not think too muoh— you understand me, Lasniis— which would you seleot?' ho asked. " I saw that be needed an ngout who would not penetrate too deeply into his pinnv. "' I have one,' said I, 'who is all spurs and mouBtsohev, with never a thought beyond women and horses.' "'That is tho man I want,' said Napoleon. 'Bring him to my. private cabinet at lour o'olook.' "So, youngster, I eame straight away to you at onco, and inind that you do credit to the 10th Hussars." I was by no means flattered by the reasons wliioh had ltd to my Colonel's choice, and I must have shown as muoh in my face, for be roared with laughter and Talleyrand gave a dry ohuckle also. "Just ono word of advice before you go, Monsieur Gerard," said he ; "you are now com ing into troubled waters, and you might find a worse pilot than myself. We bare none of ua any idea as to what this little affair means, and, between ourselves, it is very important for us, who have tho destinies of Franoo upon our shoulders, to keep ourselves iu touch with all that goos on. You understand ino, Monsieur Gerard?" I had not the Ienst Idea what he was driving at, but I bowed aud tried to look as if it was olaar to me, " Aot vary guardedly, then, and say nothing to anybody," said Talleyrand. "Colonel do Lstallo and I will not show ourselves in publio with you, hue we will await you here, and we will give you our advice when you have told us what has passed between the Emperor and yourself. It is time that you startod now, for the Emperor nevor forgives unpunotuslity," Oil I went on foot to tho palace, wbioh was only a hundred paces off. I made iny way to the antechamber, wheto Duroo, with his grand new scarlet and gold coat, was fussing about among tile crowd of people who were waiting, I heard liirn whisper to Monsieur de Oaulaincourt that half of them were German dukes who ex- peotad to bo mado kings, and the other half German' dukes who oxpeotcd to be made paupers. Duroo, when lie hoard my name, showed me straight in, and I found myself in tho Emperor's presence. I had, of oourso, seen him in oamp a hundred times, but I had never boon face to faeo with him before. I have no doubt that if you had met him withoutknowing in tho loait wholiewaB, you would simply have said that he was a sallow little follow with a good forehead and fairly well turned calvos. His tight white aaehmeie brocohes and whito otookings showed of! his legs to advantage. But -even a stranger must havo been struok by the singular look of hie oyes, which could harden into an expression which would frighten a grenadier. It is said that oven Auguorcau, who wae a man who had never known what foar wae, quailed before Napoleon's gaze, at a time, too, when the Emperor wns but an unknown soldlor. Ho looked mildly enough at mo, however, and motioned mo to remain by tho door. De Menevnl wee writing to his diotation, looking up at him between each eentonco with his spaniel eyes. "That will do. You can go," said the Emperor, abruptly. Then, when tho seoretary had left the . room, he strode across with his hands behind his book, and he looked mo up and down without a word. Though ho was a small man himself, ha wai very fond of having fine looking follows about him, and so I think that my nppearanoo gavo him pleasure. . For my own part, I raised one band to the salute and held the other upon tho hilt of my sabre, looking straight ahead of me, as a soldier should. " Well, Monsieur Gorard," said he, at last, tapping bis forefinger upon ono of thei branilo- bourgs of gold braid upon tho front of my pelisse, "I am informed that you are a very deseiving young officer. Your Colonel gives mo an ozcellent account of you." I wished to make a brilliant reply, but I oould think of nothing save Lasalle's phrase that I was all spurs and moustaobes, so it ended in my saying nothing at all. The Empsror watched the struggle whieh must have shown itself upon my features, and when, finally! n0 answer camo lie did not appear to be displeased. ' " I beiievo that you aro the very man that I want," said he. " Bravo and' clover men surround me upon every side. But a brave man who " He did not finish his . sentence, and for my own part I oould not understand what he was driving ah I ooutented myaelf with assuring him that ha oould count' Upon mo to tho death. \- "You ore, as I understand, a good swords man ?" said he. "Tolerable, sire," I answored. "You werechoBcn by your regiment to fight tho champion of the Hussars of Chambarsnt?" aid ho. I was not sorry to find that he knew so muoh of my exploits. " My comrades, sire, did mo that honor," said "And for the sako of practice you insulted six fencing mastors . In the week -before -your duol?" "I had the' privilege of being out seven times In as many days, sire," siiid I. " And efoaped without a scratch ?" "Tho fenoing master of tho 23rd Light Infantry touched mo on the left elbow, sire." " Let us have no more ohild's play of the sort, monsieur," ho oried, turning suddenly to that oold rage of his wliioh was so appalling. "Do you imagine tlmt I place veteran soldiers in these positions that you may praotico quarto and tleroo upon them? How am I to face Europe if my eoldiers turn their points upon eaoh other ? Another word of your duelling, and I break you bstwoen these fingers. " I saw his plump whits hands flash before my eyes as be spoke, and his voice had turned to tho most discordant hissing and growling. ' My word, my skin pringled all over as I listened to him, and I would gladly have changed my position for that of the first man in the steepest and narrowest breach that ever swallowed up a storming party. He turned to the table, dranlc oif a cup of coffee, and then when he faaed me again every trace of this storm had vanished, i and ho woro that singular smile wliioh came from his lips but never from his eyes. "I havs neod of your services, Monsieur Gerard," said ho, "I may be safer with a good sword at my side, and there are reasons why yours should be ths ons wliioh I select. But first of all I must bind you to seoreoy. Whilst I live what' passes between us to-day must be known to none but ourselves." - I thought of Talleyrand and of Lasalle, but I promised.. " In tbo next placo, I do not' want your opinions or conjectures, and I wish you to do sxaotly what you ars told." I bowed. "It is your sword that I nerd, and not your brains. I will do ths thinking., Is that clear to you ?" > "Yes, sire." i . !- "You know the Chanoollor's:Grove, in the forest?" I bowed. "You know also the large double fir trso where the hounds aitsemblad on Tussdny ?" . Had ho known that I met a girl under it three timsi a week, lis would hot have, asked me. I bowed once more without remark. " Very good. You will mcst me there at ten o'clock to- night." I had got past being Surprised at anything wliioh might happen. If lie had asked ma to take his plaoe upon tho Imperial throne I coald only havo nodded my busby. "Ws shall then proceed into tho wood to gether," said the Emperor. " You will ho armed with a sword, but not with pistols. You must address no remark to me, and I shall say nothing to you. Wo will advance iu silonee. You understand ?" "I understand, sire." " After a timo we shall Baa a man, or more probably two mon, under a oertain tree. Wo shall approach them together. If I signal to you to defend ms, you will have your aword ready. If, on tho other band, I speak to theao men, you will wait and see what happens. If you aro called upon to draw, you must seo that neither of them, in ths ovont of there being two, escapes from us. I slmll myself assist you." "But, sire," I oried, "I have no doubt that two would not bo too many for my aword ; hut would it not bo batter that I should bring a comrade than that you ahould bs foroed to join in suoh a struggle?" "Ta, ts, ta," said ha. " I was a soldier bsforo I was an Emperor. Do you think, then, that artillerymen have not swords as well as the huasars? But I ordered you not to arguo with me. You will do exaotly what I toll you. If Bwords aro onoa out, neither of these men is to got away alive." " Th«y shall not, sire," saidl. " Very good. I have no more instructions for you. You oan go." "I turned to the door, and then an idea occurring to ma I turned, "I havo baen thinking, aire " said L He sprang at mo with the forocity of a . wild beast, I really thought ha would havo struok me. "Thinking !" he oried. "You, you/ Do you imagine I chose you out bocausa you oould think? Lot mo hear of your doing suoh a thing again I You, the ono man— but, there! You meet mo at the fir tree at ten o'olook." My faith, I was right glad to get out of tho room. If I havo a good horse under me, and a sword olanking against my stirrup iron, I know where I am. , And In all that rehtlTTI EH fodder or dry, barley and oats aud- ry.,, 1 handling of squadrons upou ths maicli u? H no on. who can teach mo v.ry much. But »LM B I meet a Chamberlain and a Marshal ofT fl Palace, and havo to piok my wonl. -i.\tb# B Emperor; and find that everybody hints 7«!i B of talking straight out, I feel like i f B horse who has been putin a lady's caliche J! 5 is not my trnile, nil this minoing and pret, u " B I have learned tho mann.r. of 1 never those of a oourtier. I was right elsd'iu B to got Into tho fresh air again, and I ran »» 11 B up to my quarter, like a sohoolboy who has i„'. B escaped from the aeminary master, J " fl "But as I opened tho door, the very a,,, fl thing that my eye rested upon wsi a lone fl of sky blue legs with hussar boots, and a .hi ! pair of black ones with knes bresohs, buckles. -Lkiy both sprang up together greot me. 10 "Well, what news?" they cried, the two »f tb«m. 1 11 Nono,M I answored. "The Emporoc refused to ase you?" MNo, I have scon him." " And what did be aay V "Monsiour do Talleyrand," I answered «t regret to say thnt it is quito impossible for me ti tell you anything about it. I have promised lh. Emperor." " " Pooh, pooh, my dear young man," said he. idling up to ms, as a oat does when it is shook to rub itself AgainBt you. "This is all emone friende, you understand, and goes no further than the. four wails. Besidos, the Emperor never meant to include mo in this promise " "It is but a rainuto's walk to ths p'alsce Monsieur de .Talleyrand," I answered, " i| i would not bs troubling you too muoh to atk you to step up to it and bring back the Emperor's written statement that he did not mean to includo you in this promise, I ahsll he . happy to toll you every word that pas'sed." .He sliowsd his teoth to me than liko the old fox that he was. "Monsieur Gerard appears to he a iiltls puffed iip," said he. " He is too young to ses things in their just proportion. As lie grows older he may understand that it is not always very diaerect for a subaltern of cavalry to -ivs such very abrupt refusals." I did uot know what to toy to this, but Laialis came to my aid in his downright fashion, "Tho lad is quito right," said he. "If I hod known that there was a promise I should not have questioned him. You know very well H Monsieur de Talleyrand, that if -he bad answered M you, you would havo laughod in your sleovesnd B thought as muoh about him as I think of ths H bottle when tho burgundy iu gone. As for me, ES I promise you that the Tenth would hare had R no room for him, and that wo should have tort H our best swordsman if I had heard him givs up H ths Emperor's secret," B But the statesman became only tlio man fx bitter when he saw that I had the support ol B my colonel. H "I have heard, Colonel de Lasalle," said lie, H with an icy dignity, "that your opinion is ol H great weight upon the subject of light cavalry, H Should I havo occaaion to aeok information H about that branoh of tho army, I shall ha very happy to apply to you. At present, however, B the matter concerns dtplomaoy, and you will pn. B mit me to form my own vlows upon that quii- B tion. As long aa tho wclfaro of France and the B safety of the Emperor'e person are largely com- B mitted to my oarc, I will uso overy means ia M my power to aeours them, even if it should he against the Emperor's own temporary wishes. I B havo the honor, Colonol do Lnsallc, to wish you B a very good day 1" R He Bbot a most nnsmiable glanas in my direo R tion, and, turning upon his heol, he walked H with little, quick, noiaeless steps out of the R room.' I oould seo from Lasalle's face that. he did B not at all rolish finding himself at enmity with ft tli. powerful Minister. He rapped out an oath B or two, and then, oatohing up hie sabre and his j cap, ho clattered away down the stairs. Ai I H looked out of tho window I saw ths two of them, g the big blue man and the littlo blaok one, going K up the street tpgsthor, Talleyrand was walking B very rigidly, and Laaalto was waving his hands B and talking, so I supposo that he was trying to B make bis peace. B (to ob continued.) 