INTERCOLONIAL... The Salvation Army Maternity Home jj! Upper Edward-street, Brisbane, was the scene of a somewhat serious gas ex plosion last week, -writes the ' Brisbane Courier.' For some days a gas leakage had been noticed, and on Saturday even .-„,» (?'antain Miss 'Watkins accompanied by Lieutenant Miss Bunker went into the parlor of the Home to ascertain jf the leakage -was there. There was not a very strong smell of the escaping gaBj but Miss Watkins, mounting the' table, soon discovered that the trouble Was from a defect in the piping supplying the burners. Not thinking that the escape ,fas serious Miss Watkins struck a match to search for its exact locality, and there Tras at once an explosion. Miss Watkins nas thrown to the ground and seriously ecorched about the face and hands, but jliss Bunker escaped with a cut on one of her hands, how caused she knows not, being dazed by the concision. The parlor and its contents were considerably damaged. Captain Miss Watkins, de spite her very painful injuries, preserved her presence of mind, and fearful that a fire would follow the explosion rushed to the meter and turDed the gas off. Dr. Fnllerton was called in to attend to the injuries to Captain Miss 'Watkins, who is suffering a great deal, but Dr. Fullerton has every hope of her recovery. Too much o/itnira-Hoti and nraise cannot be sriven to Jliss Watkins for her plucky thoughful fnlness in turning the gas off, though in doing so Bhe very materially increased the injuries to her hands. It seems a most fortunate circumstance that the building ?was not fired by the explosion, as it con tained at the time some sixteen women and eight children as inmates. A message was received on Sunday by Dr. Toll from Dr. Hay ward, who is in charge of the quarantined people on Torrens Island, stating that Mr. F. C. Smith, one o? the smallpox patients, had died at about half -past 12 that day (says the Adelaide 'Advertiser'). The patient had been gradually getting worse for the last three or four days, and on Thursday his condition was so critical that Dr. Hay ward entertained small hopes of his recov ery. His wife was with him at the time of his death. Both were third-class passengers 'by the Lusitania on their way to Brisbane, where it is believed they have relatives. The unfortunate mas, who was not vacci nated, contracted the disease during the Disaaee of the steamer from Albany. He ?was placed on Torrens Island with, the other passengers who desired to land here on July 12, his wife accompanying him. From the reports Dr. Toll received from day to day of the patient's condition he held out from the first small hope thai; Mr. Smith, who was 47 years of age, would recover. The agents for the Orient Company were acquainted 'with the patient's death and have arranged for his burial. On Sunday evening a coffin was sent down to the quarantine station in a special launch and also some flowers, which Mte.E. E. Harrold, of Largs Bay, and Mrs. Toll had kindly sent to adorn it. The remains were interred at about 10 o'clock next morning in a spot on the island near the grave of the Kev. Mr. Still, a passen ger by the British-India steamer Warora, who died whilst in quarantine on May 30, 1892, from the same disease. There is no ground on Torrens Island consecrated as a cemetery. Dr. Hayward supervised the arrangements at the quarantine station for Mr. Smith's interment and conducted a service at the grave. Miss Eamsay, the passenger who developed smallpox ' whilst the Lusitania was at anchor off largs, is progressing as favorably as can be expected. The disease in her case has not yet reached the critical period. All the other people on the island are well. Some creature with a diabolical dispo sition and a stock of sulphur has been appearing at unexpected corners of sub urban streets lately and scaring the wits out of solitary pedestrians with very mundane tricks in the guise of a ghost (writes the Melbourne ' Age'). 'It 'has appeared at Collingwood, and after destroy ing the halcyon bliss which the connubially inclined have hitherto found in the shaded seclusion of 'Victoria Park after sundown, has vcniured into the open streets. The local police have received reports of three scares in Victoria Park on Sunday night, and one in Hotham-street, atthe corner of Blanche-street, on Monday night. A lad named Robert William Brown, aged 12 years, of 52 Mater-street, was on his way home from night school at 9.3.0, and was suddenly confronted by a man whose 'breastplate 'revealed, with a phosphor escent glow, the appalling words, ' Pre pare to meet thy doom,' while a sepulchral voice announced a malign intent to cut off the poor shaking .boy's head 'in two shakes.' This threat caused the boy to race home, screaming, as he ran and followed by what he described as ' the object.' Several persons were attracted by his cries, and the 'ghost's' mate rialised feet clattered with most unghostly noise across the footway and over a vacant piece of land out of sight. The Acting Governor, when speaking at Fitzroy a week ago, told his audience that he knew of no better remedy for peregrinating vagabonds than the horse pond, where available. It was old fashioned, but effec tual. A courae of such treatment would doubtless put this perturbed spirit to rest. Recently a village settler in the Goul burn Valley district (Vic), who was receiving monetary aid from the Govern ment, asserting that he was impecunious, took ill and was taken to the district hospital, where .£150 was found in his clothes. On being questioned he stated the money belonged to his daughter. In quiries are now being made by the village settlement branch of the Lands Depart ment as to the truth of this statement. It is very probable that under any cir cumstances further monetary assistance will be stopped. Mr. Bernard Sigrist, ex-Mayor of Port Adelaide, died suddenly at his residence, at Birkenhead, at about 8.30 on .Friday last (reports the S.A. 'Eegister'). The deceased,, gentleman was born in London in 1849. His early education was received at Mr. Scherman's school, Gravesend. At 14 he was apprenticed to the sea, and worked his way up to a master mariner. While second mate of . the barque Tynemouth the vessel was wrecked in Torres Straits on the same reef that the ill-fated Gothenburg came to grief. Mr. Sigrist arrived at Port Ade laide in the Harriet 'King in 1870, and since that he had lived in the district and' followed a number of occupations, in re-' cent years that of a licensed victualler, from which he retired a few months ago. In 1890 he was . elected a councillor for Birkenhead Ward, and was returned again unopposed in 1892. The following year he was elected Mayor,, but in 1891 he was defeated 'by the present Mayor (Mr. Cj E. Morris.) The .deceased gentleman leaves a widow and family. Mr. Sigrist died from heart disease. Mr. B. Anderson, of Smithfield Tan nery, had his hand severely crushed by a roller on Wednesday. Mr. Ander son was rolling leather, when one hand was caught arid drawn 'between the rollers. He had,, however, the pre sence of mind to reverse the machi nery, notwithstanding whieh all the fingers were erushed to a pulp. The injured man was treated at the Parra matta Hospital. . 