MIGHT VERSUS RIGHT. 1 t -iliiA- cOPYJlionT. BY JULIA HACK, Aulltor i </ " 'i'/i' Jloyi/nii o' ib' Mill," 41 Cletb Ovrdo it," <$t. CHATTER VIII.— Coxiixfed. " Trouble ? Ay ! trouble enough ! " sighed Betty. " The tuon has come about a bill, and th' nicBter canua pay." " Is tluit all ? " answered Elsie, in a time of relief. " ' (Jiiiinn pay ! ' Unfortunately tlmt is no new tiling, Betty. Ask the mail to wait a few weeks ; tliero will be money coming in, and we must got papa to set tle some of these bills. Tell him to go u.way, and his business shall be attended to." "My dearie, you duniia understand," said the old servant, wiping her eyes with a corner of her apron ; ' tins mon cauna bo sent away a-thuten; he's a bailiff. Alack-aday ! that I should livcto see sieli a disgrace ! " and sitting down on tho nearest chair, poor Betty began to cry bitterly. The girls looked atcacli other iii utter bewilderment ; the word " bailiff " conveyed no very terrible idea to their minds. Elsie threw down her hat and gloves, and set herself to .comfort Betty. " Why, Betty, you dear old stupid, a bailiff is nothing to be afraid of ! 1 think they arc rather nice sort of men j don't you remember our cal'ing at the farm where Sir Robert Talbot s bailiff lives, and what- homely, hospitable people thoy wore ? I liko bailiffs ! " " Law b ess us ! " cried Betty, almost angrily, 44 you and Miss Mary are nobbut like babies; you think you know ivery- tliing, niidyou know just nowt. Yon mow in the kitchen is a different sort of bailiff to any you know about; he's sent lly it lawyer, and ho has to stop until his bill is paid, and if it is not paid, lie ciiu tak' what lie likes out of th' house, aucl sell it until he gets as much as lie wants." The girls looked aghast at this now definition of the word bailiff'. Just then Bertie and Mr. Sam Dotld walkud in, looking very much surprised to see Betty seated in tho dining-room, red-uyed and dishevelled, and Mary and Elsie standing beside her, looking pale and frightened. The crisis was so alarming, that not even tlm presence of a visitor could check the nv.eita 1 of the new calamity ; indeed, for the time he was foivotten. Standing in the background, ho listened to Bertie's eager questions and Betty's lamentations, a curious half-smile on his well-cut lips, and a light in his dark eyes wliicli cer tainly did nob betoken sympathy. " What about lather, Betty H " asked Elsie, presently. " Of course lie knows about the man ? " 44 Ob, yes, Miss Elsie, but lie cauna do nothing; he seems fair moitherod wi' trouble." 44 Poor dear father! " sighed the girls. 44 You had better allow me to see this fellow," said Sam, coming forward. 44 Ber tie can »o with uil\ if you like; I daresay tho mutter can very easily bo arranged." Ho spoke to Elsie, and sbo gave liiin a quick, questioning look ; the money diffi culty was, after all, only an old foe with 'a jiw. 'aruwp. It was very dreadful, but Elsie's heart, was oppressed by- a still heavier aud more' personal trouble ; aud the intention sho read iu Sam's face only aided to the weight. Like a bird caught in a net, every effort to extricate herself only resulted in tightening the mcslies winch encircled her. Sam walked into the Vicarage kitchen with the air of one who is muster of the situation. The unwelcome guest was seated before the fire, his feet on tho fender, and liis whole person enveloped in a cloud of coarse tobacco smoke. 44 Put that pipe out directly," said Sum, in a peremptory voice. 44 1 wish to speak to you about this business?" . The maw looked half inclined to ho impudent, but a glance at Sam's cool, determined _cou'ntenancc modified his intentions. He stood up awkwardly, and disposed of the obnoxious pipe. "I'm only doing my dooty, sir," ho said, in a surly, but abject manner. 44 A poor man must ohoy orders, sir; this ain't none of my doing." 44 Let me see your warrant," demanded Sam, taking no notico of the man's attempt at apology. 44 "Where is the bill?" Sam took the papers and examined Hhcm in a business-like manner, 'explain ing them to Bertie, who knew us .much about such matters ns his sisters. The bill was for a sum of £50, and was due to one Jones, a man who had apparently lent money to tho Vicai', years ago. When Sam had satisfied himself that the claim was made in proper legal form, ho took out iiis pocket- book, and producing a cheque, ho filled it up for the amount required, and having obtained a receipt in full from the discomfited bailiff, ho 1 ordered liim off tho premises, and gave hiui notico that if ho heard of his staying to gossip at tho public-house, he would i make him repent it. The uinn took up his fusfcy old cap, and ' departed in so liumblo a guiso tluit Betty's feelings were greatly soothed, and when she had thrown open tho yindow, and removed nil trace of her lute visitor, she began to feel herself again. ' 44 Now, Bertie," remarked Sam, taking up his lint, 44 1 fully intended to speak to your father this ovening about Elsie, but this tiresome little affair must have upset h>m,aud I think it will bo hotter to wait till to-morrow." 44 Perhaps so," said Bertie, 44 but do just como into tho study, and let him thank you for your kindness; I — I don't really know how to thank you myself." ' ' 44 No thanks aro needed, my dear boy. Between relatives, as I hope we may call each other, this sort of thing is nothing at all." Elsie heard the words us she stood at the head of tlio stair-oaao, and tliey struok a chill to her heart. He evidently thought it a settled thing, then ; this now r\l\l!ifiifinn utAtlM rvit'll lllltl IV. RfYIfi rtt toiler; was there no way of escape ? She waited until ho had left tho house, fol- ; lowed by Bertie ; then she slowly des cended the stairs and went into the study. Mary was already there, talking to her father, who was in a very distressed stato of mind; He was standing on the hearth rug, looking at the receipted bill in his hand, with such an expression of pain, perplexity,' and shame on his refined coun tenance, that Elsie for the moment forgot iier own trouble in tho instinctive desire to soothe and comfort him. 4 . , Mr. "Vcre stood in a very , enrious rela tion to his children; they adgiirod, trusted, and looked,. hp to' him, as the best of earthly beings,;. (His affectionate, sweet temper and deep piety had woq for jiim this high place in their hearts ; yet in times of trial and difficulty, it was usually tlio father who turned to the children for support, and not the children to the .father. Thoy wero well n ware of his faults and weaknesses, and tho'habitof watching over liim, and shiold- ling him from the consequence of his im- prudence, had become. a part of their nature's; This was 'fespecially the case with' Mary and .. Elsio, whose love was pi ortJy.;fiIi.»I. but': lnxd in it almost tho protective, self-tairgbttiiig devotion of a mother. ' ' 44 It is very kind, Mollie," Mr Vere was saying, as Elsio entered the room.' 44 Of courso it is kind, yet I wish lie had not paid tho bill. God kuows, I liavo small cause for pride; but this is what any man must teel a humiliating obligation. If it had been liis father, now— many a kind docd ho has dono me. — but this young man, with his curls and dtuidy air, is quite another tiling." 44 But, father dear," returned Mary, gently, 44 consider ; the man could not stay here, mid ho would not go unless he was paid, so what was to be dono ? . . I think it is a groat reliof to havo the settled." 44 It is a loan, of course wo must regard it as a loan; wo shall pay it back in time," said Elsie, in an earnest, pleading voice, whicli no one understood. Mary looked at her, smiled, and shrugged lier shoulders incredulously. 44 True, Elsie," said her father, always ready to seize, upon a hope, however visional y ; 44 of course I will pity him back. 44 Yes," ho added, straightening himself with an air of relief, 44 1 shall be able to pay him before Christmas." Dismissing at once the unpleasant sub. jeet- of money, Mr. Vere tlieti began to ask questions about the picnic, and, falling into an antiquarian vein, was soon deep in the ancient history of the Priory, bringing forth proofs in defence of his favourite theory, quoting the opinion of this author or that : so that in less than half-iui-houi4 bo had apparently entirely forgotten all tho annoyances of the day. Elsie looked at bini fondly, rejoicing to see tho lines of pain and distress pass away from the beloved face. How could she be so selfish as to regret what had brought liiin so much relief! Slioevou found it in her heart to be grateful to Sam Dodd .for liis kindness. Surely no one could bo uureasonuTile enough to ( expect her to nuirry liim in return for the obligation ; that would indeed be carrying gratitude to an absurd extent. Sitting at her father's feet, Elsie lis tened to his talk of those far-away times when the Priory, and many anothor similar building now fallen into decay, were peopled by monks and nuns, living their quiet, saintly lives; while outside those cloistered walls gallant knights, in clashing armour, wrought many a dougjity deed. This conversation soothed Elsie's agita tion. for it carried lier far from the pain- fill present ; so she fell into his inimour, and led him on from ono old legend to another, woll knowing that, mounted on one of his pet hobbies, ho was perfectly happy, and glad, too, to be beguiled out of her own uneasy aud perplexing thoughts. By-nnd-by, however, when she joined Mary aud Bertie in tho drawing-room, this peaceful mood forsook lier. It was far easier to listen to tales of old romance than to hoar the praises of Sam Dodd. Bertie was bubbling over with enthusi astic admiration and gratitude, and even Mary, who did not in her heart of hearts like the young man, was on this occasion wanned up to cloqucnco in his praise. Both Mary and Bertie knew that Sam wished to marry Elsie, but they wero almost as simple and guileless as tlioir father, and no suspiciou crossed their minds that his kindness could . be other wise than perfectly disinterested. Elsio listened in silence, feeling for the first time iu hor lifo that she was alone. Hitherto, Mury had shared her every thought; now an important crisis had come into lier life, and she would have to face it by herself. A sudden desiro for the long-lost mother fibed her heart, and liroiiirlit, unbidden tours into lier eyes. Mother would have under stood — would have told lier what to do — but alas ! there was no mother, no ono upon whose judgmont she could rest. Pleading headache and fatigue, she ' soon wont to bed, thinking herself far too miserable to sleep; but the varied emotions of the day liad indeed greatly wearied her, and ero long, 44 Nature's I sweet restorer " scaled her tired eyelids, and wrapped her in the peaceful, restful slumber which is ono of. tho many privileges of youth. OirAPTEB IN. O, liovr my'Mfill is hurried to and fro. And lion tnv unresolved rouolvus do vary t I know not irlioro to tlx ; Bomoilmes I Tliiu nay, thou tlnt.-aud Gicn tlio imlto contrary, T. liko, dislike j foment for whntl could not; I do, undo ; ynt btill do wlutt 1 bhould'itot, And, ub tlio soIfsuuie iuataut, trill tho thiugl would not.' i — 1'iump quakl.es, The next day was wet, and a chill wind brought down the golden leaves in j showers ; but. dandy as he was, tlio weather I did not keep. Sam at home. The church clock had but just chimed ton wlion lie arrived. Elsie shivered and turned pale us she heard tho study door open and shut. _ j 44 He's come, Mollie," said Bertie's voice in the hall, 41 and lie says "—hero, in ! obedience to a warning gosturo from his sister, his voico sank to a whisper. 44 Very kind "f liiiu," 'replied Alary, in a low tone. 44 Oh, Bertie! what a hap piness if you should really bo able to go to school, after all ! You havo ability, and I feci sure you would not bo lazy if you had suoh a cliuuce." 44 That's just it," returned Bertie, liis voico rising excitedly. 44 1 never have hud a chance. It's all very well for yon girls to say I am lazy; but how can a fellow lie expected to grind when thorc's nothing to grind for ? 44 Don't make excuses, Bertie," said Mary, gravely. 44 You have always known that your future depended solely, upon your own efforts, and yet you havo not worked " 44 Woll, I shall work fast enough at school," said Bertie, confidently. 44 Wo are to have our choice, Mollie ; what do you suy, Rugby or Harrow P" 44 Timo enough to settle that, when wc know you arc rea'ly fing," responded Mury, quietly. 44 You forget,. Bertie, everything depends upon Elsie's con. sent." "Elsies consent! echoed Bertie. 44 Surely, Mollie, you do _ not think it possible she will refuse liim ! She , could not bo so mad- so utterly unreasonable ! " "Husli, Bertie, you have no right to say that; Elsie muBt please herself. I v.'iaji you would not talk about it so confi dently " Mary went on lier way upstairs, and Bertie followed lier, .talking eagerly. 44 They neither of them seem to think much of my happiness," thought Elsie, bitterly..,, I', Mary has set her heart upon .jtlii.s.sehool plan for Bertie; she does not consider tho cost. I wi 1 not . do it." . „;,j.But this reflection wiib quickly followed by another. -'''4 Elsie must please, her self." 44 Oh! How I wish Mollie had not said that," thought poor Elsie ; 44 1 do not want to please myself— to study my own happiness— ana yet this is too much, it is too hard for me. . I will tell father. He will nevor wish me to marry any one I don't love." Anxiunsly aho waited for Sam's dopar- ? ture. His interview with Mr. V ere lasted an" hour ; to -Elsie, listening , in feverish suspense, it seemed like three. j.i-At'Jcngth the study. dooY opened-. Once uiord there wero voices in tlio hall ; I then lior father's footsteps, coming to wards her with rapid strides. 1 ; In ho came, looking happy, aucorcitod. , " 'Why, Elsie, my daviiug," ho cried, clasping lier fondly iu liis arms, 44 what wonderful news is this I hear ! God ' bless you, my precious child, and grant that you may bo as happy in your .mar-; riago us your mother and I were." Elsio was completely taken aback. Many a time slio had rehearsed tho scene, and never once dreamed that lier father might act in this way. So unprepared was she for any such congratulatory address, tlmt lier mind was thrown into a momentary state of confusion, and she could- remember none of lier carefully- planned little speeches. ' 44 You don't wish it, father?" she uttered, faintly. Alas, poor Elsio I lier look of appealing distress _ was quite misunderstood by tho kind vicar. 44 Of eoui'bo I wish it," lie cried, genially. "Havo you been imagining that I was going to act tlio ' heavy father ' of the play ? I wish for anything which is for your happiness, my love ; but besides that, Elsie, I must say it is a great relict" to mc in many ways. Sam's paying that bill yesterday was very distressing to me — no man likes to bo under such, an obli gation ; but, as he was saying just now, between members of the same family there is no question of obligation. Ho : will be ouo of us, and our affairs will be liis affairs. Ho tells ine lie shall lose no time in looking out a good school for Bertie. Really, my dear, he seems a most estimable young man, and there is no doubt, wc shall all bo the better for having a good man of businoss iu the family." Elsie stood looking at lier father in blank despair. Was everything to be settled offhand in this terrible way, and was she to have no voice in the matter ? Her heart revolted against tho cruel in justice, yet she had no words iu which to pleu'i her cause. Tho deeply-rooted habit of shielding her father from trouble made it hard for her to destroy the brilliant castle iu the air ho laid so suddenly erected ; doubly hard, with Mary's words ringing in her ears— 44 Elsio must please herself." If Elsio were to please licrself_ she must disappoint her father and sister, and ruin poor Bertie's prospects. But the alternative was too dreadful. How strange it was that Sam seemed, suddenly, to have won every one's good opinion. A week ago ho had becii au object of railcry ; 110 one either liked_ or respected him ; but now all agreed to sing Ids praises — even her father, the least mercenary of mankind 1 0, what a world of vilo, ill-favonr'd faults Looks handeomo in throo hundred pounds n-yoar I And, alas ! Sam possessed thousands rather tliuu hundreds. Elsie rallied lier energies, und tried to think of some objection to bring forward. "You said — you said lie was a dandy," slio faltered, not daring to raise her eyes. It was a weak thing to say, and so she felt. As a drowning wan grasps at a straw, so slie caught at tho one idea which occurred to her distracted mind. 44 So I did, darling, so I did," cried Mr. Vere, throwing back bis head with u guy, boyisii laugh. " I um sorry to have hurt your feeliugs, but I had not the least idea of all this, you sly little pussio ! I fear I am, as tho old song says, an 4 auld, blind, dotard body,' or I "should have guessed it all long since. My dear, young men arc always dandies when they are afflicted with the love fever. You would hardly think it," giving a comical glance at liis ..1...1.1. ..j. ..) iii...ir r, (StiLLIJijv LUUb'UlLl.VLi IJttu-L W lib HUILv it myself when I was makiug love to your dour mother. What a consummate ass I was ! I wonder she condescended to look at me. But a short dose of matrimony euros that complaint. You must, forgive me, Elsio darling, aud believe tlmt I thoroughly appreciate his excellent good qualities, dandy though he is ! " 44 Father," said Elsie, desperately, " you talk as if it were all 6ottlod, and — and I havo not made up my mind ! " Her father laughed, and gavo her a quizzical look, which made her cheeks tingle. 44 Oh, all right, my dear," ho replied, with much inward amusement. "I-do not wish to interfere ; I'll leave you and Sam to sottle your affairs at your leisure." Ho went back to his study, his kindly faco alight with smiles, and liis romantic impractical soul ail aglow with sympathy for tlio lovers. His little Elsie in love ! How odd it was, and how sweet and beautiful was this spring-time of life ! | Seated in liis arm-chair, forgetful of microscope and specimens, tlie tender- henrtcd vicar gavo himself up to visions of bygono happy days, days spent in con triving how and whero ho could meet his beloved Mary, aud nights spoilt in writing poetry, whicli ho never had tho courage to give lier. Self-tormenting, yet gladsomo days ! Goiio ! — for ever gono! Tears arose iu his Hoft, dreamy eyes, blotting out those vibions of the past, und the Vicar roused himself, and, throw, ing off tho painful moniorios wbioh oppressed him, he once move set to work building and furnishing thut castlo in the air iiis daughter had not possessed tho lirmuGBS to demolish. Sam was very woll satisfied with liis morning's work, as, indeed, he had good cause to bo. In the afternoon lie called, hoping to see Elsie ; but slio and her sister bad gone for a long wulk; and ho found no ono at home ; so lie lingered a moment, talking pntronisingly to Betty. He reeogniseu the fact that slio was a power in tho houso, and thought it worth his wliilo to win lier over to his side. Before ho left ho slipped a sovereign into her broad hand, with a jocoso request that sho would spend it on cup ribbons. Betty received tho gift with uu inscrutable smile, und Sam departed in high spirits at his olever " stroke of business." His theory that 4/ 1 every woman has her price " would have been a little shaken if he liad seen liow Betty treated his present. Sho took it into the kitchen, and laid it upon lier clean, round deal table, and sit ting down, she looked ut it gravely and oritieally, as though it were quite a curi osity. . ' 44 What's this bore for ? " slie solilo quised. '4 4 Nothing for nothing, and very httlo for a 'a'ponny,' that's been his motter ivcr since ho wor a boy. I mind hiiii well, I do ! Ho never gave nobody ono sliillin' for nothing. Twenty sliillm'll buy a sight of things. What's this 'oro twenty sliillin' to buy ? " She shook her head solemnly, and sighed ; out though slie evidently looked upon the bit of gold with grave suspicion, slie was I by. no means disposed to 'undervalue it.. She was 'perfectly well aware that it was a bribe ; as Such slie despised it, und wub at once on her guard against the giver ; but the gold was none the worse for that. Money was money, and- Betty, like most; nofth-coiintry'follc, was far from blind to its ohafuis. Slie' readied down an old', cracked teaipot from the baok of the top. 3holf of her cupboard, and there deposited lier. treasure, after which she sat down to. her work, and sot her shrewd wits to" work to jolvo the problem. ; ' to SB pO.ntlxved. Out of sight. 44 1 didn't sco you at tho masquerade uall, Jiuipsou." 44 No; I went as a ghost. Tho Bibliomaniac. «' You have a fiuo library ; I suppore you read a grunt deal ? " " t>'> I don t. It thkes all my time making the money to pay lor tlwse books."— I'lict. Tho Spur. She : 44 You will havo to wcrbhavd if you win her." Tho i'oet: 44 I'll have to work- harder if I don't.4' Preparatory Discipline. 44 No. I'll not marry. I think I'll bo- :omo a Sister of Chnrity." 44 You don4!) know what that means." 44 Don't 1 ? Haven't I sat up uitli you every night from eight to ono for three months 't ' A Parisian Creation. Mary hnd a little bunch Of sill; with frathois on it ; lier husband had to foot tho hill For n lifty-shilling bonnet. — Washington lines. Didn't Escape. Inspector (at tho peni'mtinry) : "I nn- derstaud that measles broke out three days igo." Warder: 44 Yes; but tho guards saught them ! " More Money In It. , Mrs. Poetious : 44 Isn't this bat a poem, dear ? " Pooticus (sadly, as he looks at tho bill): 44 1 wish I could write tluit Iliad." Striking a Balance. Mario : 44 Wlwt ou earth nrn yon wear ing your sealskin coat in the house tor?" Maud: 44 Well, Nod said ho couldn't afford i to buy it for mo, on account of tho quantity I of coal wo used. I'vo got tlie eoat, and I'm economising on tlio coal." No Danger. Little Johnny : 44 May 1 hitch the dog to my sled and liavo him polliiio ? " Mother: 'I'm afraid ho'll bite you." Little lohnny : 44 ii 's tho other end 1 am going to hitch." — Good News. Attire Chemistry Exam. " Which is the best known insulator ? " . Tho Candidate (a jotuig student, pale ami thin, with a bilious comp'oxion and a savage look about him) : 44 Poverty, sir'. — Lailvniic Jltustrr. One Good Turn Desorves Another, lliuband : 44 13ut I d u'b want to quit chewing tobacco." Wil'o : 44 1, gavo up my weedu for j ou, and I think you may do tho same for Kate L'i-M's Washington. Over the Wire, llo : 44 Is that you, Misb Budd ? Oh, all right. Eh— I say, Rosalie. I— I can't wait. , You know how J love you; will you many me?" She: "Y-ycs. (A pause.) Who aro you ? " Needed It More 44 What aro you doing around hero?" Baid the woman to tho tramp who bad gob over t lie fonee just in time to escape tlio bulldog. 44 Madam," lie said, with dignity, 44 1 did intend to request someihin' to cat ; but all I ask now is that, in the interests of humanity, you'll feed that dog.1'— Washington h'tav. Their Health Food. I J.'essol3 (tho druggist): 44 Hi, there! What's tho row?' Morton (tlio boy): ' Mutter 'uough ; hero's a lady wants six- poimorth of insect powder, quick, an' tlio unci: roaches has o't it all." j In Change Unchanged. Old Baclio : 44 1 sro that you ladies aro still liko the ancient Venus." Mire, do Mode : 14 How so ? " Old B.icho : 44 In tho matter of fashions, you nr« still pleased with tho judgment of Paris." How He Got Out of it. IVlPn . M l/iA«i»n T 1:nnw v/iii mSII n.al4. lite it, but I will havo to got you to stop at Lacoy's and match this piece of goods." Hushand (enthusiastically) : 44 Not liko it! Why, tlio girl that waits on that counter is tho most bcwitehiug, sweetest litllo nu gel ! " A Bad Blunder. Magazine Ofiice-boy : 44 Oh, there's been an awful time up iu the oJitorial room to-day." Business Manager : 44 En, what's the trouble ? " Qlfice-boy': "Tho janitor made a mistake nud put tho 4 No Admit- tauoo' sign at tho mbsenption offiu-. and tlio 4 Welcome' door-mat ra front of the editor's room." I 'something Useful. Mr Suburb (on a cold day) : "That; back wild is ouo glare of ieo, and I nearly broke my nock. Whet's been u-ing tho hoso outthere?" Mrs. Suburb : 44 LittioGeorgio asked pormissiou to wash tho carriage, and ns it was such an unusual tiling for him to want, to do anything us dill, I told bim he might.' Mr. Suburb: "Humph! ho waffled ft toboggan slide." I From Different Standpoints. I Ethol: "Oh, at lust! It lias been years, Alphonso, since I saw you." Alpbonso:' 41 Oh, uiy own E'hel, it has boon conturio''." Ethel's father (up in tho library) . 44 Mag gie, who was tlmt.yon just lot in ? " Mng- gio : " It was Mr. 0 mlots, sir." Ethel's father : "Great gune, this is tho nifflh t iuic Ire's, been hero this week. Ho might ns wo 1 livo here." Not the Same Chance for Mercy. Teacher: "Johnnie, Ho you think if yon had cut down your father's cherry-tree you would havo told tho truth about it? " Johnnio (slowly) : 41 No, 1 don't bolievo I would," Teacnor: "What! You would I not toll a falsehood ? " Johnnie : (apolo- ' gotirally) : " Well, ma'am, ycr sou, I don't bol'uve Washington's father was just the samo sort ot follow as mine." . An Epitaph. Hero lies the ehronio olliec-scokcr, Michael T. McQout, Who nover sought a single place, But thut no wub left out. 'Twas iu tire month of August last, Tno lato-lamonted died; And now lie's iu the only place For which lie ne'er uppliod. A Narrow Esoape. . Bingo : 44 Hud quite an accident in my train to day. I was junt going tu take out tho»o sandwiches you put up for me when, . crash! we struck auoth r tuvin." Mrs. Bingo (anxiously) : " Was ,auy , ono injured?" Bingn: 44 No. Bub those sani- . wiches wore te-lescopod." It Looked Suspicious. 44 Charlie Hurduppe had a cheque to-day, but they wuul<l uot cash it at tho bunk. They olaimod thoy did nob knov him." 44 Didn't ho havo anything whh which ho could idouiify hiuisolf ? " " Ho had two or throo bills made out in his name." " Wouldn't the tellor accept thoso as iden tification ?.", 44 No ; tliey were recoipted." Might Spoil 'Chances. . Maiden (whispering) : " Is that yon, George?" Seroimdor (who' has beon boding love.iuusio for I he last liult:liour) : " All ! At last, iny darling, 'tis youl . Yes ; 'tis youroWn Goorgo." Maidi h (still whis pering) : " Well, George, won't you jo away ?. Gharlio Bonds Is in hero and is :about to propose, uhd I'm afraid your music disconcerts him." s An Irish Argument. Moriorty : 44 And yez ask four shilling a Ijox for stiirnvborrios heeuuso it's" the middle nv winthcr, do yez ? " . D. nlnr ; Th-tis just the reason." M riarty i." Sure thoy ought io bo' sixpence a box, now.'t 'Dealer : 44 Why P" JJoriarty : 44 Because thoy, . are hbt in'sayson, Sure, .-isn't fu'rnsco coaL chaypor in July? Arrah, but it's a robber f yes all are, and I'll buy po shtrawberrioa I till Annai >" I w't" < 