€cho*s anb |te-®ctaKs. REVERBERATIONS. (By HUGH KALVPXUS.) In a lunaoy 0&SQ; in tho Supreme Qontt tho other day Mr. Symon was orosB- examining a warder, a big, burly, good-tempered looking inan, who had formerly sought fame and' fortune as a plasterer. The witness said the alleged lunatio had a mania for writing! "A mania for writing, had he!" said the Q.C. " Suffering from cocoethes scribcndi, eh! That is what they are trying to onre with the Law Reform Bill. Was the patient afflicted with eaeoeihet taribendi ? Do you know what that is t Is it a mania':" '' I dunno what yon mean, but he had a fanoy for writing nonsense—a kind of mania." "Why.it is almost as bad as that dreadful word Mesopotamia! did you ever hear of that The witness had not, and Mr. Symon gave him up. If you've lived upon a pittance. And to save you know yon can't, Tou may think you're very lucky If you've got a wealthy aunt. But when the lady emit rates— "Not lost but gone before," Take matters very quietly. And da not go to law. For wealthy aunts are rarities. And do not always die In time to leave a legacy When poverty is nigh. They're rather apt thoso maiden anstB To leave their property To people who require it not So much as you and me. And when your aunt has gone above, And left you all her cash, Just wait until you handle it, Don't otherwise.be rash. It may involve legalities. And in the end you'll see The lawyer's collared most of it For payment of his fee. If I possessed a maiden aunt Booked for a place aloft, I'd wait until she'd gone above, Nor prove myselfBO soft As e'er to try and fly before Td got my gilded wings. Before the cup has reached one's lips There happen many things. They say that joy never kills— The risk I do not dread: A shock—say ten or twenty thon, Would never turn my head. Myoonsaienoe! what* lovely imagination that diver, who, while fossioking at the bot- tom of the Bosphorus, says he saw a gruesome row of fifty stndents standing upright as if in class, all as dead as drowning oould make them, with a biff lump of lead fastened to their feet. I envy that diver hie imagination, ha is worthy of better things than slopping about in the mud of the Sultan'e damp burying ground. A man with a head so fraught with the yeast of invention should ' write a book or study the law. Oh ! he would make a beautiful lia —,1 mean lawyer; but surely there must be more than a half hundred oorpses in the Bosphorus standing around like figures in Mrs. Jarley's waxwork show; the Sultan's myrmidons have not been so relax in their duties as all that. I should reoommend that diver to have another plunge and prowl round ; he oould prospeot, and start a lead mine by interviewing those anchored oorpaea. I see that Semple, the heroio fireman, who risked his life to save others on board a steamer, has refused to aooept the paltry sum presented to him in reoognition of his pluck, and I am glad he has. Eight pounds! Great Cawar's ghost! and they raised thousands for a big well-fed man for his ability to knock a leather ball about with a flat board 1 It was away up oountry, where water is soaroer than whisky, and the landscape is as barren as an asphalt pavement; moreover, it was in a wayside pub where this happened a while ago. He was a weary traveller, of considerable tonnage, and the weather had been as hot as ourry. When he woke up in the morning he found what he sever expeoted to see so far in the interior—a refreshing bath; so at breakfast be complimented the landlord upon his enterprise in having suoh an unwonted luxury. " I did not know you had so muoh water to spare ap in this dry ooantry," he remarked. " Wather, is it?" said the astonished landlord; " Wather, is it? It's a dale little av that same we has to spare; it's going widoat a wash for days we are sometimes." " Why, I had a delioiouB plunge in your big bath at the baok of the house," said the guest. "It was such a treat I wallowed in it for half an hour." " Holy Vargin ! that's no bath at all; it's our reservoyer, where we store the wather we uses for oooking, an' drinkin', an' makin' tay, an* that's some of at yez are dhrinkin* now." Collapse of guest. This true yarn reminds me of one I heard some time ago. A lady visited an np station where a relative was overseer, and being weary and dusty was glad to be told by one of the rouseabouts that they had a sort of a showerbath. It was a primi tive sort of a cupboard, but she went into it gladly, and having disrobed was lookingabout for the cord to pull and release the shower, when down from the planks overhead came a gruff mala voioe saying, ''stand a little bit more to the left, mum, or I shall miss yer," and down came the oontents of a bucket of water. Tableau! 