Oil the Kounds. BT oca OWN "ORIEL." " Retrench or tax " is the colony's motto just now, and I for one am glad that the Police Department wo'nt have the tax if retrenchment can avert it. Of this the following incident affords at j east prima facie evidence.—Latterly one of their valued officers who had just arrested the progress of a Typhoid epidemic in a praiseworthy manner, thought it an opportune time to undertake some of his more clerical -duties— he would go thro' the highways and byways posting those blazing fire-warning notices which so many have seen but so few have ever read. Of posters he had plenty but as he was lacking in tacks he provided himself with the scriptural sum of 2d and invested in a box.Thus armed heplacarded the district thro'«vith the skill and judgment of a patent medicine vendor, returning home fall with the conviction (so dear to the Police mind) of something attemped something done. In due course matters were reported to the Department, butstrange to say they 'objected to the tacks' almost as strongly as did the Upper House on a recent well known occasion. "Why did you spend 2d" said they. "Because I could'nt get them for Id" was or should have been the answer, and then ensued a literary bout over the matter iu which it was shown that the supply would last several years and oost less than the peu, ink and paper spent in writing about them. Verily we are under liberal Government. Our city fathers have done the deed of blood. It was done in fitting solitude. There was no cry from the wailing orphans led forth to slaughter, for though the slaughter was there the wailing orphans were absent. My simile is therefore figurative. Solemn and sombre with bushed voices and uplifted finger each councillor took his share in the work so silent and so awful. Oat, cut, cut—a slice here and a slice there. There was no plea for mercy, no groaning beneath the knife, BO convulsive struggle for liberty— nothing. Not a sound, not a word, till all was finished, and only the lopped and bleeding forms remained, living but mutilated victims to tha*< relentless operation—retrenchment. And then there was a short service of thanks giving!! I yearned to pen a few earnest thoughts upon the subject a couple of weeks ago, but I refrained for though (as compared with the excitment this column eauses) the re muneration I receive is but a beggar's pittance, yet, for sweet charity's sake, I hesitated to plunge the Times further in the boiling fat than it already WHS. Bat now when all is over and done, surely "Oriel" may have his little say. Hand me—not the timbrel, not the guitar, not the sweet mounding flute, .but the cracked cornet ;ind the muffled -drum:— The councillors sat in tlieir sanctum. Their brows were all furrow'd with care, And one chewed the end of a pencil, And one pull'd his last lock of hair. The last sad aud silent reporter Had pass'd—like a ghost of the night, Severely the members commanded The press to clear out of their sight. The Argus turned giddy and faint, sir, Aud quickly made tracks for the door, Age cried "I mast stick to my paint," sir And collapsed in a heap on the floor ; The Express mopp'd hij face with his coat tail, The 'Titer fell over a chair, The Times hoped (with voice low and tremb- ling), They'd open the meeting with pray 'r. But inside they sat stern and fearless. The doors, and the windows alt fast. Their faces were harden'd and cheerless, To duty they'd stick to the last; But to nerve them all on to battle, To strife keen, and cruel, and rough, They voted, without a division, A pinch of the president's snuff. Then up rose a member and stated The wages were all far too great, Whilst the printers without an exception Were charging mnch too high a rate "For months" said the speaker, "and longer," "I've been on retrenchment's bold track" "I vote we retrench them all soundly," "Or give the whole boiling the sack." They worried away at retrenchment, Until they got pale in the face, Till the sweat stood out on their foreheads, And each member gasped in his place. And just when proposing retrenchment For themselyes-rfn a matter or two, One member cried out '»I am fainting," And so their retrenchment fell through. Of course the door had to be opened, Of course the reporters came in, y£ course they then sought information, Of course then it had to begin ; Oi course what is sauce for the gander Is sauce for the goose, so they say, But, of courte City Fathers are blameless If they don't quite see things that way. I do like gratitude. So do the Railway Commissioners I expect. And I venture to say that no more unexpected, no more welcome, and no more deserved token of thanks has ever been conveyed to them than is contained in the following simple lines:— Sir,—On behalf of a gang of burglars I write to express our deep and lasting gratitoode to the railway authorities in so kindly running a train out to Ballan at the hour of 4,30 a.m., solely for our benefit, as no other person has been known to go by it. "We feels a deep debt of gratitoode especially when we knows it brings in no revenue. We «ta on a rail fence waits for daylight. •No one looks for our ticketb so we travels on the nod. Arter the brilliant way they fixed up the timetable, we hopes they have a good sorew w and a fat pension arter they retire ,m their "ardrou •< s dooty."—Yourp, BILLY THE NUT. 