TYPHOID AT COOLGARDIE. The fever of Coolgardie. according to an article in Cosmos, the new Sydney monthly, is typhoid. Mr. John Law. the writer, puts a good deal of blame on township loafers aud the blacks, who come and go ; but this is hardly fair. Householders used to living in municipalities where drainage and sati tation are attended to by the authorities easily fall into bad ways when left to manage these things for themselves. Ty phoid and diphtheria arise from public and private neglect, and such diseases spring up as a matter of course wherever white men form large camps, and omit to at once put themselves under firm municipal rule. Coolgardie. with its very dry climate and dusty soil, happens to be much less easily drained than most settlements, and there fore disease has got a good start from the first. " Doctors and land speculators," says Mr. Law, " divide the spoil just now. The young doctors scamper about amongst the tents on ponies ; the older ones stay'at home to be consulted. One doctor died ©f the fever he came to cure, a young English man of 2S ; another escaped from it by the skin of his teeth ; a third looks like a walking ghost, thanks to relapses. The Government has provided a hospital for pauper patients, and a tent for patients who can afford to pay £1 la. a week. There are three private hospitals. Some nurses get £3 3s. a week to attend ' a patient in his tent. They are women who I have strayed to the field in the hope of I i making money, and have soon found that j barmaids who run sly-grog shops are the j only women who make fortunes in and ] round about Coolgardie. They work from dawn till dark, run errands, cook over a camp fire, and purse the patient, who lies j on his bunk cursing the flies that swarm over his face, arms, and legs. Ail sorts and conditions of women may be found doing this kind of nursing, from the good-hearted washerwoman, who believes in rubbing plenty of whisky in all parts of the patient's body, to the Melbourne society girl, who was too proud to work in her native city, so came to make money in Coolgardie—and it is hard work." " Coolgardie doctors," proceeds the article, " like Gil Bias, have two specifics for the fever. They believe in anti-febrine and sponging. The latter remedy is much ap preciated on hot days by patients. With a temperature of 103peg., and a hot wind blowing, a man rejoices to see the water bag in the nurse's-hands. Ice made its ap pearance for a few weeks, then went the way of other luxuries Now it is possible to buy cow's milk and fresh eggs ; but, of course, these thing are very expensive, and most patients have to content themselves with condensed milk or water, sago and arrowroot. Some are too poor for any thing but 'billy1 tea and whisky. The poorest man who has a mate is sure to bo supplied with whisky. Everyone on the field swears by whisky as a fever specific. Whisky will keep off the fever, men say, and help you better than anything else to got rid of it. Some men take quinine; others consume raw and cooked onions, in the hope of keeping well. The wiser sleep outside the township and only visit Bayley street for meals and business. "The fever lasts three weeks when the attack is slight, three months when it is serious. It ie followed in many cases by severe rheumatism in hands and feet, so a man is of liirlo use to himsslt or any one else until he has 'go no down,' j that is to say taken a trip to Perth. Coolpardie is a bud place for convalescents. The nights and mornings are intensely cold, and at noon tlie sun is so hot that invalids can scarcely endure it." 