? [AN ORIGINAli STORY.] CHAPTER HL—THE CLOUDS GATHER " And ivlicn once tiie young heurt of a maiden is stolen. The maiden herself will steal after it soon." And what of Dorothy herself ? Did she know, did she guesB, of the passionate lore she had evoked in the heart "of her father's J-Ounggcest? Did she return it ? To the first queiy, "Tes;" to the Bocond, a most emphatic No." Dorothy, the young, happy child, knew nothing of, and cared notbingfor ' lore, though being a woman, the could not " , help .having a dim idea, a faint knowledge, of euch human propensity—indeed, how could she he without such knowledge when : h« own dear sister had been wooed, and at . List won, by her gallant, handsome sailorlover, Frank Wallace, brave and true, Wio was now on liis way from England, thief of ODe of the British-India Bteamboata? 1'uen Dorothy, though at the time but Mile more than a child in yean, recollected ' the ttnsuccespfnl wooing of others who had sought in Tain to carry off Maid Marion. Only too well did she remember the uncomfortable slate of affairs after the last unsuccessful suitor had taken his sad and .londy homeward course, and, from thattinie, little Dorothy had rowed to have nought to do With love or lovers. Foolish, little . Dorothy; she had kept her resolve hitherto, but, now how. would it be ? Simple and pure, as she was, the girl could not be altogether blind to Leo's devotion. She had, indeed, more than once put the thought away-from her; the idea of his being so "silly"as to care for her to and uncom- ' fortnble degree being too tiresome," and, , so, when it obtruded itself, that same idea , was. banished with a great precipitation. She liked hie gay, bright company, and, while that remained unaltered, Dorothy felt safe. But, on this particular day, when \- Leo joined her in the garden, his face startled the girl; it was so white, and his eyta picained as with a hidden fire. The \- question," What is the matter ?" rose to her lips, but, for some mysterious reason, remained unspoken. His eyes fascinated her, and, when, at last, she turned away her own, for the first time in her life Dorothy \- felt a quicker beating of the heart, and a hitherto unknown restraint. His very voice altered, as he said " Dora, yonpromisedto go riding with .me this afternoon; are yon ready ?" Bnt Dorothy answered that "Marion wanted her; poor Marion had been -neglected too much lately." Leo frowned, and then the sweet voice begged forgiveness for breaking the half-made engagement, promising that on the morrow" they would both, go. with him for a good gallop.' "Why should Dora steal away to her sister after this? She did not mean to betray herself; bnt, Marion, seeing the troubled look on the dear little face, soon got an inkling of the truth, particularly as she had caught a glimpse of Leo's face as he passed the window at which she was , sitting. ou, Marion, Marion, don't, for pity's sake, say such dreadful things," cried poor little Dorothy, awhile after, when the sisters hud -been talking, and Marion had openly expressed her opinion as to the state of \- Tieo'e feelings. Had it not. been pitiful, \- certainly would have been comical to watch . poor little Dora's face, as her sister gravely talked to her, reminding her of her womanhood, its responsibilities, possibilities, and probabilities. A fit of weeping at last came to the poor child's relief, and then she .declared her determination to ,go away—to have nothing more to do with Leo ; and then \- she bitterly Bewailed the misfortune of such trouble creeping into their Eden. She was their Dorothy, their own little girl, and > wanted no other love. Marion gently . nestled the dear little fMce to her loving bosom, comforting her, as in the days of her childhood, Dorothy insisted upon remaining in her sister's' room, instead of joining the rest at dinner, and depended on Marion for arranging matters for her. Poor Marion felt sadly disturbed in spirit . during that seemingly long meal, and was absent minded as at last to arouse Fred to bantering. Leo was restless, excited, and irritable, and, as soon^aa dinner was over, followed Marion into the garden, es enquiring for Dorothy. Marion scanned his face earnestly, searchingly, and, as their eyes met, the young man broke out passionately, *< Miss Vernon, cannot you guess, do yon not know that I love DoroShy?" and, then, seizing the girl's hand, he poured forth s \- torrent blpervent protestations)! he rowed he would win Dorothy for himself, he would die for her, all that was his—and he was rich— should be here, absolutely, entirely. At last, almost worn out with his own impetuosity, he allowed the startled girl to speak, and she told him how they loved their innocent treasure, how she had hitherto hated the idea of a lover, and she begged him, as his brother had done, to be quite, quite sure of his own mind before he tried TO win their Dorothy, their wee ewe lamb, from them. She told him that Dora was absolutely fancy free, and that, if lie spoke to her then, he would certainly meet with a refusal, and Spoil her . darling's happiness, too. Poor Deo, he was very crest-fallen, veiy miserable, and, for thecest oftho evening, haunted the bamboos n-ith the persistency of a peripatetic ghost, while poor little Dorothy remained in her sister's room, not daring to stir abroad, as Marion had told her of all thai had passed. The next morning Hie headstrong boy insisted upon pleading with Dorothy herself, and—which served him right—most nn mistakeubly received his dismissal. And so he went away directly, vowing to return that day six months, and sue again for the love of Dorothy. (To be continued). 