GHOSTS OUT WEST. Mr. Hosting, that ghost-raiser who has created a BeUBfttion in Hobart by hie clever exhibition of spirits Bud curious things, is going out West to give the people round the mining places a tarn. His enter sinmenta were well patronised in the South and those who saw them werewell satisfied of their genuineness. Be has not a very large company, his only assistant being Miss Fitzroy, who is, however, a host in bersuf. Tlio enter tainment begins usually with a littlo music, vocal and instrumental, and some character sketches, all ot which are of a first order of merit themselves. Then a cabinet is rigged on the stage. It consists of alight wooden frame covered with curtains. A carpet or cloth covers the floor to show that there is not any trap door work. Mr. Hooking sets in there and does a few strange things, amongst which maybe mentioned an exposure of the tricks of spirltiujista.notabls' the late Mellin scandal in Sydney. The per former strips himself before a witness and puts on olotUeB which are all black— there is not a speck of white about him at all, Then he gets into a black bag, which is tied around his neck ind sealed with sealing wax. Next one of the audience, who is seated close handy, takes the end of the string and holds it. Then the lights we lowered. Now it is not a too easy job to get oit of that bag under such oiroumsfaances ~*n impossibility in fact. Yet from behind those curtains come several tall white figures which walk |about |the stage and do many thiuga. It is a wierd performance all through and as perfect a mystery se it is possible to devise. On the lights belug raised Mr. Hoskiug is found sealed op just as he was left It is not every day that there is such a performance offered the people of the West, aud if every nun and woman out there doesn't see it they will miss a treat anyhow. That mysteriousi machine, the ph ono graph, has been workiug for Borne days in Elizabeth - street close to Wellington bridge, and has attracted a large number of curious persons. Amongst the songs Sims Beeves' 'I'll tell her where we meet,' is given. Harry Baxter's ' Can't change it,' and selections by the Cold etream Guards bands with 40 othera give one plenty to listen Us. The Uev. A. Turnbull speaks on the Domain on Sunday at 3 o'clock on ' Pontius Pilate's Business llevived,' and in the Mariner's Church in the evening on ' The Curse of Christendom.' Mr. Oeo. Kerr, of Liverpool-street announces ths opening of a new assort ment of goods. All kinds of bedding, blankets, etc., are to be tu vie a specialty, from HiG tough bush b!aa!n;r, useful in camping out, to tbe finely-woven affair of the mansion. 