THIS EXILE'S DAUGHTER, £. WOW. FIRST PUBLISHED.) by joseph hatl'on. Author of "Cruel London," "Clytle," "Three Recruits," "Under the Greut Seal," "By Order ol the Czar," &c;„ &c.; ALL RIGHTS RESERVED, PROLOGUE. X GIRL OP THE PEOPLE. ' 1 The sunshine and the shadow of a vil lage wedding fall across the opening pages Of this story of lovo and adventure. Hes ther Grattan was the belle of the vlllago Of TIdeswell when Jessop Blythe won her fovor against several less courageous ri vals. They were "a bonnie couple." That was igenerally agreed. TIdeswell strewed their path with flowers, and Castleton received the bride and bridegroom with feasting and the ringing of the bells of old St. Edmunds. Not that the young married people were any more than well-to-do villagers. They Were not even of what are called the mid dle class. But the Grattans of TIdeswell had held land in the parish for a hundred years, and the Blythes represented the two Industries of Castleton. They wore rope- makers and lapidaries. Hesther had every qualification for the part of village belle. She was pretty and Something of a coquette. The local swains Were afraid of her. The only bold wooer Who. had attacked Hesther's virgin heart Was Jehsop Blythe, who visited TIdeswell ion market days, and after seeing Hesther had found his ways thither to the Sunday afternoon services in the Cathedral of the Peak, whore she sang in the choir. He was a few years older than Hesther, a manly, line-looking young fellow, with a persuasive manner and a merry eye. He could sing a good song, and was popular with both men and women. And so the belle of Tidoswell was carried fit t in triumph to reign in. Castleton as Mrs. (Jessop Blythe. "Happy is the bride that itbe sun sliinos on" was not fulfilled In the lease of Heather Grattan. Jessop heard something at TIdeswell a 'month or two lafter his marriage that roused the devil In him. Hie became jealous, and like other Ijealous fools did not tell his wife what ho had heard, and ask her for an explanation, but found endorsement of the scandal in every little utterance and Innocent frlvo- " II ty that he might misinterpret to Hesther's disadvantage. To doubt with Jessop was to believe, to Believe was to judge. Naturally of a social disposition, somewhat vain of his popula rity, accustomed to the welcome of the 1 iWheat Sheaf smokeroom, Jessop sought in genial society to deaden his vexation and disappointment tn the local taproom; and the sunshine of the Tideswcll bridal soon paled before the shadow of Castleton. To Ithe demon jealousy succeeded the demon Brink, and wtthln nine months the village belle of TIdeswell found herself deserted, and a sorrowing mother, whose only child is the herolno of this story of joy and sor row, of love and adventure, of untoward exile and romantic restoration to home and friends, happy Life and tragic Death con- itestlng the way with festal bells and mourning plumes. It will bo the pleasant task of the writer to trace the Influences for good and evil Upon an entire community of the conduct Of Jessop Blythe, whose daughter is the life and soul of the story of his banishment. (Beloved above her station, a girl of the people, worse than fatherless, orphaned soon after her birth, and yet possessed of singular attractions, a woman peculiarly English, her career is as full of surprises as the fate of her father, who was destined to - seo life in Btrange places, leaving Ills daughter to the tender mercies of a hard .world. No child ever blossomed Into a beautiful girlhood, nor developed the higher nature of woman under more Inauspicious condi tions. Endowed with a strange Christian uuiue, uui u ri i lu u strung jnuivjuua.nl/, Hisliked by the grandmother in whose bouse she lived, permitted to rim wild about the Peak, yet watched over by an odd fellow known as "a character," having for a com panion and friend a waif and stray from the land of "gallant little Wales," our he roine stands forth against her strange sur roundings a remarkable example of the force of character and the everlasting in- ; fluenco of feminino beauty. When sho was old enough to realise that ' pbe was not without charms that were (worth decoratlDg in pretty frocks, and . But this belongs to the future. Close as that future is to the followiug chapters of jour story, it is desirable that we should -Walt a little while for the more effective .Introduction of the exile's daughter, and in the meantime take up the thread of tho narrative with the banishment of Jessop .Blythe by an industrial community that is (unique in this age of industrial and social istic developments. CHAPTER I.— GOD'S FACTORY. '"5hey were a company of ropemakers. For ' two hundred years they and their ancestors bad been tenants under tho Dukes of De vonshire. In this current year of grace Jthe toilers occupy the building in which (their forefathers worked, and on the same ' -teasy terms. They pay no rent, nor ever did. Yet they possess the most wonderful ' bouse of labor in the world. It is the en trance to what is known to typography as tho Devil's Hole, but if ever building gave Bpecial evidence of tho Diviue hand it is to fee seen in the great cavern of the High (Peak. It has a dome and a nave that dwarf St. Peter's and St. Paul's. The ropers' idrum and wheels and flying yarn make a music of their own. It is as if the men and .women gavo tunes to the cordage which fthey spin. The strings of the industrial barp aro many and various. Once in a (way a woman's voice rises above the buzz lof the rotating yarn, and the chorus breaks the monotony of the dally toil. This is generally a jubilate, in which the youngei , Voices fling out the refrain with open throats — "Happy Hand! Happy Land. What b'ro my fate in life may be; Still again, Still again my heart shall cling to Thee!" And this was thoir happy land, this Cavt <>f tho Peak, and this village of Castleton. Human fancy could hardly conceive for this unconscious worship a moro impressive temple in which tho Divine edict should bo fulfilled "In tho sweat of thy brow shall .thou eat broad." In this temple, that, dominates tho Cavern Ibf tho Peak, tho ropemakors of Cavedale, anon and women, girls and boys, work and live together as a model socialistic com munity, but without tho noisy reclame of a cheap democracy. They fulfil their daily ttuties quietly and in peace under the un written laws of a united family. The throne is their ground landlord, and ever since there wero Dukes of Devonshire, and in the old time boforo them, the Cavendishes have been the leaseholders. These rope- -jnakers of Cavedale, in the parish of Castle- iton, have seven masters. When one dies lor is thrown out (an exceptional Incident. Which forms one of the chief motives of ft he present history) the eldest son of the 'family takes his place. If there is no son then tho oldest workman of tho dead mas- iter succeeds. There are to this day some two or throe score persons employed under those seven families. Five of the masters belong to ono family; two to another. It Is a very close borough, and picturesque on it is close. Strangers who have' ob served in books of travels pictures of the High Peak cavorn are inclined to wonder What tho weird gallows-liko uprights and posts are, with flying ropes aud hauglng Weights, and suggestions of vast wheels beyond and curious figures at&ndlug; out against the darkness. This is the ropery. Each master has his walk. Seven rope- walks traverse this stupendous excavation, which Is the liall-way of the so-called Devil's Hole, with its headways and sub ways, its halls of Eblis and its dripping Wolta, Its underground rivers, and its other mysteries beyond. These are tilings that do not concern the ropers much. In the old days there .wore gliosis in the cave, "but the ropers wero hardy folk, and titey bad their free possession to maintain, so they paid no heed to ghosts, nor took any account of tho shadowy men in armour Who were said to appear in tho grounds of PeverU's Castle immediately above them. Mr. Ruskin probably never saw this High Peak liouso of labor. Otherwise the world would have heard something of it, ' since the recluse of the lakes loves hand made things, and delights in the primitive, the lowly, and the natural. The ropers of tho Peak, who pay no .rent, and work in a factory made by God, spin and weave in the old Egyptian way. Their ropes and twine, their halters and clothes-lines, their whtbeord and cables, are all made by hand. .Thill factory has no doors. It is open to tuft feud (shadow, to summer winds, and v - iw tiiijjl — mti iMiWTTTTfnmifl winter blasts, mid the ropers work there right through the year. It is a sheltered site. You. arrive at it through a valley which is made musical by the brook that is born in tho cavern, and which now and then becomes a torrent — angry, yellow, opaque, terrible. As the floor dips at its furthest, end the central opening is somewhat dwarfed, and has tho remarkable effect of a mighty window which as you approach It opens out, and finally gives upon the footpath in Cavedale, whence you see tho great lime stone front rising up sheer to the sky with lichens and stray flowers upon its wrinkled face, and hero and there a wild bird sweeping athwart the iron-grey rock, and disappearing into the heavens above. It was at this uutaxed factory of free- meu that Jessop Ulytlic was hailed before his peers to suffer the penalty of the drono. For masters aud men labor, and obedience was the legacy of God's factory. In tho most democratic of socialistic com munities labor is a condition of existence. When the ideal commonwealth is started, there will be much more casting out of the lazy and the dissolute thau Is dreamed of by the open-mouthed Idlers who drink in the sophistries of long-haired and long headed agitators in London, Chicago, and Paris. Jessop Blytho had worked in tho com munity since boyhood. Always a truant and laggard he had over and over again broken tho unwritten laws of the masters of Cavedale. Latterly he had taken to drink, and ho was untrue to tho best interests of his follows. He had undersold them in the markets. He had reviled their occupation. He worked only by fits and starts, and had generally drifted to the bad. The masters were loth to move against him; but at last their patience was ex hausted and discipline demanded that he should bo cast out from the hive. Fortunately for Jessop he had a hard working mother. She had succeeded to the business of her husband, who was a lapi dary. Zodack Bradford was her foreman. He had held a similar position with her husband. Zodack was what Derbyshire people called "a character." Everybody Is "a character" In the Peak country who is not of tho common and regular pattern of humanity. Zodack in his way was a man of phrases. He shot his controversial opponents down with a queer saying or a rough epigram. He was also the cleverest lapidary In all the county. Old Blythe had put his son Jessop to the rope-making. Tho lad did not frame well for the cutting, engraving, or polishing of stones. He was a dull mottled lad, and there was an opening in the rope-walk which in due course led to Jessop taking a master's place in lieu of the ordinary succession. On becoiniDg ono of the seven masters, Jessop Blythe had married Hesther Grat tan. and within a month or two of his marriage he had taken to drink with a regularity and persistence that, devoted to liis proper calling, would have led to pros perity. Jessop had always been fond of a glass and a bit of company. He was popular at tho alehouse, and the delight of Saturday night smoke rooms, because ho could sing a good song, and was "as sweet a whistler as ever cocked a lip," to quoto the vordlct of -Castleton, and the old town was fastidious in the matter of mu9ic, rejoiced in its Glee Club, and at Christmas time would give forth its "Hal lelujah Chorus" from the "Messiah," "Hark, the Herald Angels," and "The Star of Bethlehem," with au energy that was stimulated with mulled ale and rum punch, the recognised order of refreshment for the Waits all round about the region ol tho Peak. When Jessop Blythe was hailed before his fellows ho had just been made a father. The now-comer 'was a girl. He had insisted upon drinking her health with his midday meal. Any reason for a drink was a good reason with Jessop. Zodack Bradford said the youngest master roper had in one short year become the oldest waster and vagabond of the lot. Not that Zodack intended to imply that the rope- makers individually or collectively were vagabonds. Zodack was a just mun, and lie knew that the rope-makers were a law- abiding, sober, honest community; though once in six months every master made a point of "going on the spree," but lie com bined business with pleasure. Once in six months each roper wept forth into the world to sell his good. There were no middlemen connected with this cordage factory. Each master was his own com mercial traveller; and going upon the road twice a year each man as a rule made it a point of honor to enjoy himself, and it is believed my many that to get drunk once in a way is a very enjoyable, if not indeed a very healthy and wholesome thing. But the rope-makers would not allow this be lief to break down the discipline of the management. Therefore, Jessop Blythe had increased the disadvantages under which no janorcu as a recalcitrant uy using more or less inebriate when, in the middle of tea-time, the men and masters assembled to maintain the vitality of their unwritten laws and regulations. There was a great deal that was good in .Tessop Blythe, This may be said of many a worse man. Zodack Bradford declares that nobody is all bad. not even tho habi tual criminal; but tho good is so difficult to find that it is hardly worth looking for. I-Io was very angry with Jessop, be cause he liked hira, and had seen him grow up. Being none too well off at any time, and living to a great extent on his mother, and in her house, Jessop had adopted a son. He did not call him his son. but ho treated him with paternal considera tion. This youngster was a Welsh lad. His name was Lewis Tregarron. He had found his way from Cardigan, in Wales, with his widowed mother, firstly, to Car diff, thence to Liverpool, in some small trading vessel, to drift eventually, heaven i knows how, to Chesterfield, where tins ' mother had died In the workhouse. While | the guardians, with a proper regard to! the fair distribution of taxes for the poor, ' were trying to discover the parish to which i the orphan was chargeable, Lewis Tregar ron, with his high-sounding name, his empty pockets, and his no less empty sto mach, set off to seek some more home like nest for himself than that which pre- ! sented so hard a front to the far-away \ hills of the Chesterfield workhouse. Lewis », Tregarron rail away from the workhouse, : and one day, cold, hungry, thin, weird \ as to his suulcon eyes and bony jaws, pre sented himself before the company of ro pers at the eutrance to God's factory. lie was the most weary, dark-eyed, strange- 1 looking little chap they had ever seen; and j Jessop Blythe took compassion upon him and ; succoured him. He was an intelligent lad, said he was eight years old, was born In Wales, had lived at Cardigan, had neither father nor mother, and was willing to work, but would rather die than go back to the union, all of which pleased the ropers, and won tho admiration of Jessop Blythe, who said he'd bo hanged if any union workhouse in the world should com pel tho lad to swig skilly or break stones so long as ho lived. So Tregarron was fed and mended by Jcssop's mother, not with out much grumbling and protest, and was forthwith taken on at tho ropery. They love to nickname men and things in , the Peak. They called Jessop's mother "Stingy Blytho," and for this they, 110 doubt, had warrant; but they wero not always justified in their nicknames, somo of which wero incongruous as relating to tho character uicknamed, and others, when they wore not humorous, descended to cynicism. Bocause the waif Trogarron was thin and odd, and too little to be of any importance, they named him in a grand way, "Tregarron, tho Welshman," and tho oldest master of tho ropers, for the reason that I10 was of a mild and gentle temper, and benevolent and generous to a fault, they called "Billy Nipper." (To bo continued.) 