[?] ga A Syof^ey Siony p^of JO'A\OB^pY^, ? By HENEY FLETCHER (Herb. Fletch) (FOE ' THE SUNDAY TIMES.') INTRODUCTION'. There is in Australia, and more particu larly in Sydney, its chief city, a class of society 'known as larrikins; they take the place, with several important modifica tions, of the roughs and hoodlums of other lands ; and there is also a class, not perha,ps so well known, of Gentlemen Larrikins. Hardly a family of any im portance in the colony but has some mem ber who, in spite of the best education and training', yet develops all the worst traits of the lowest order in the social strata. In drawing this and other local types the author -was not required to warm the imagination, or seek for incident in the realms of fancy and romance ; his task has been rather to subdue facts and realities into a semblance of probability. For the truth itself, as many readers of this history can confirm, would be too grotesque and exaggerated for general acceptance. CHAPTEE I.— THE COFFEE PALACE MTSTEEY. The manager of the Belmore Coffee ^Palace sat at his desk, a concerned look on his face, and in the short intervals of leisure allowed him in his occupation of receiving payment from outgoing restau rant customers, he rested his chin on his hand and thought. He was troubled about one of his boarders. A detective had called on him that morn ing and made enquiries about a Mr. Hants. And the manager had noticed that his answers, far from allaying, had only increased the interest displayed by the enquirer. The manager of an hotel or coffee palace fa in somewhat the same position as a /Ship's captain. In both cases there is unlimited responsibility; but while the captain has absolute power over the con duct of his crew, the manager has no authority over his boarders. A boarder returns drunk and disorderly, he causes a scene, disgusts other boarders, and gives the hotel a bad name. What remedy ? This is his home for the time being. Turn him out or send him to gaol. In either case the house suffers in reputa tion. But the drunken man is a simple problem compared to the lady lodger who is not found in the right room one morning by the chambermaid. How pack her off, bag and baggage, speedily, without words or outcry, so that the morals of the staid supporters of the house shall not take fright and they depart also ? Then there is the chamber maid herself, who has been known to do those things she ought not to do ; and waitresses who have been more than obliging to individual customers. Questions such as these are what make managers bald- headed, grey-headed, and face-wrinkled. And when the police come enquiring about a boarder, this anxiety -finds full scope. To have a criminal arrested in your hotel is not a good ad vertisement ; even if ho is arrested else where, it is not pleasant when he appears i:i the dock to have your establishment named as his last place of abode. And concerning this Mr. Hants, there was another trouble ; he owed a month's rent for his room. It is true a large notice in the office proclaimed to all and everybody : ' POSITIVELY NO CEEDIT.' Br Order. This mystic sign was very useful to cash customers. It made them pay cheerfully, and in the next place it impressed them with the theory that as all the business was conducted on.casli principles, they were sure to get the utmost value for their money. As a matter of fact, no proposing boarder was ever refused if he came with a large trunk, even though he did not pay a week in advance. It is true that these large trunks had been known to arrive very heavy, and to acquire by time a most joyous buoyancy when eventually left to the management as a keepsake. But then, some chances must be taken. No man can do business and ask for a certificate of character from every customer. Now Mr. Hants had a large trunk, a heavy trunk. The manager recalled its arrival distinctly. He had had to help the porter place it in the lift, and he was wondering in his mind what it might ?weigh now. For while his first anxiety was the repute of the house, his next was the amount of the bill owing. During the time the manager was thus uneasily pondering, the subject of his medi tations was rapidly approaching the Palace on foot. A young man, lithe of build, middle height, sharp features, angular, with ?whiskers and moustache, dressed unexcep tionally. He walked with a brisk step, carelessly casting an amused and satisfied glance, from time to time, over his shoulder at a cab which followed him some distance behind at a slow trot. ' She took the bait,' he said to himself. ' I thought she would.' He had nearly reached the entrance hall of the Coffee Palace when his quick eye noticed a man loitering on the other side of George-street. . He also perceived that this man was watching him. 'Detective Hobbs is on the jot), too! Well, so much the better. It will be more amusing,' remarked Mr. Hants to him self. .The face of the manager brightened a little when Mr. Hants came to the desk. It positively beamed when tbat gentleman asked for his bill to be made out and sent to his room. ' I am going on a journey at once,' he Baid. The manager had the greatest respect for ' the law,' as an abstract entity, and if one of its officers was hunting for one of his boarders it was doubtless right that he Bhould be caught. All the same, if the boarder could dodge the officer out of his premises and get himself arrested in some other establishment the event was not one to be deplored. And besides, he was going to pay his bill. Going up the lift to the third story where he was located, Mr. Hants asked the porter to call at his room in ten minutes' time and remove his trunk, which he would find there, down stairs. At tho same time he slipped a coin into the man's hand that caused that functionary to smile very plea santly, At his desk, the mind of the manager, for a moment serene, did not long remain untroubled. ?' Faith ' and a knowledge of a man's board bills are incompatible. Might not this be a mere ruse on the part of Mr. Hants to return to his room with out trouble, so that he could levant with Bonic of his portable belongings? There were two modes of exit in the Coffee Palace and two stairways. The principal staircase from the front was used by the public, and the small staircase at the pther end of the building that was used bj the servants. The office &nd; entrance hall were near the main staircase, while the servants' flight led directly into the kitchen. It had happened occasionally that boarders had used the servants' stairs. It was against the rules; still it had been done, and it was no one's special business to see that the rule wa3 not broken. It occurred to the manager that Mr. Hants might quietly decamp by the rear entrance while he, the manager, was waiting for him at the front. Further, as he sat thus musing uneasily at his desk, he caught sight of the detective waiting at the door way, and it crossed his mind that it might be as well, all things considered, if Mr; Hants did take the little staircase, subject always to the payment of his bill. The manager touched the alarm for the third floor chambermaid, gave lior the account, and told her to give it to Mr. Hants. If lie paid she was to return at once ; if he did not pay, which was likely, she was to wait in the passage and' watch his door till he descended the lift or the grand staircase. Should he wish to depart by the servants' stairs he might do so on payment, otherwise no. The chambermaid was not astonished at these directions. She was, for a Sydney coffee palace, quite an old chambermaid. She had been in this situation for upwards of seven months, and such a record is i almost without precedent. Nothing can surprise a Sydney chambermaid, the organ of wonder being worn out with use. The chambermaid knocked at the door and handed Mr. Hants the bill. That gen tleman thanked her very civilly, and touched her under the chin. ' Thank you, my dear. Won't you go out with me for a drive on Sunday ? Now, don't say no ; I know you mean yes. Give us a kiss, then, to show that we are friends, and a lock of your hair to remember you by !' So Mr. Hants spoke, with a few other little nothings of the like kind, but he did not pay her. So Jane tossed her head and walked away np the passage, but not far, not three doors away, to wait and watch. Presently the porter came to No. 19 — this was Mr. Hants' number — and found the door open with a big trunk waiting him, corded and fastened. He called out, as a matter of form : ' Is this the trunk, sir ?' Mr. Hants' voice from the inner room replied : ' Yes, it's ready ; be careful with it.' The porter dragged the trunk to the door. It was fully as heavy as when it had arrived ; the porter noted the fact, for he wa3 also a critic of trnnk weights. As ] there was not more than 30ft from No. 19 to the lift, he called the chambermaid, and with her help carried it there. Even during the two minutes she was so employed thei; chambermaid kept her eyes on No. 19, and saw that no one came out. Perhaps she felt a little spite against Mr. Hants, not because he had asked for a kiss and her company on Sunday, but because he had requested these things in such a very flippant way. So with her nose in the air she returned to her sentry duty close to No. 19, brushing imaginary dust off the door panels with a cloth. We must return to the cab that had followed Mr. Hants. At a signal from his fare the cabman pulled up at the doorway of the Coffee Palace. A lady rose from her seat in the vehicle and stepped on the pavement. As she did so she turned half j round and looked on the seat she had left and then on the floor of the cab. It was an instinctive, involuntary movement, peculiar to the female sex when they rise from a sitting posture. It is not to look for their money, for that is under their glove, in their mouth, or buried in a purse in the bottom of a pocket hidden far away in mysterious regions in the rear. It -is not because they feel to have lost anything, but an anthropological, hereditary instinct, like the turning round of a cat before it sits down; and some future Darwin, writing of pre-historic man, will tell us all about j it. The lady bade the cabman wait, and entered the hall. On either side there were seats, and a row of male loungers seated. Had they been women the new arrival might have hesitated to advance — as a full pri vate might hesitate to pass in review be fore a dozen generals — but being only men the lady was reassured, and putting her hand to her hair, to make sure, perhaps, that her head or her bun were still in their place, she advanced. She did not glide gracefully with the step of a French madamoiselle, or swim forward with the swan-like float taught by dancing-masters, but she just lurched along with the good orthodox straddle of the Sydney belle. And in her wake she left a perfume, an odor, jockey club, patchouli, or good ness knows what. Why is it that only, vermin, foxes, musk-rats, skunks, and some women leave a smell after them ? All the seated boarders sniffed, some appreciatively, others with a certain con tempt. ' My word, ain't she dolled up, and smells like a barber's shop,' one man whispered to a neighbor. 'When a woman scents herself like that she has got a reason for it, my Colonial oath ; same as you put chloride of lime down a drain,' the gentleman addressed replied. The lady approached the desk. The manager at once assumed his most serious air. Ladies unattended, more particularly ladies that are young and good-looking, are received with an extra-special reserve by the management of respectable coffee palaces. In the first place, with the best of reputations they ' are not desirable inmates. A keepar of a ftoak of wolves might as well welcome the custody of a pet lamb in his den; there is sure to be the deuce to pay before the last is seen of them. ' Does a Mr. Hants stop here P' she de manded. ' He does ? , madame.' The manager had hesitated how to address her till he had glanced at her hand and.' seen tho wedding-ring. ' He is just leaving us.' ' Can I see him, please ? I am his wife. It is most important.' ' Certainly, madame. I will send to his room.' And tire manager, calling the porter, gave him the message. The porter had only just descended with the trunk, which the manager helped him to lift into a little open lobby by the side of the office, and next to the lavatory. In this lobby there were a number of other boxes and trunks, 'the not wanted' by boarders in their rooms. The lobby, it may be added, was open to the entrance hall, where tho loungers before mentioned were reading and smoking. The porter went on his message. Mrs. Hants took a seat in the hall. The detective strolled carelessly in. The manager stroked his chin, his face assuming the look of a child at the play before the curtain rises. On the third floor, the porter went to No. 19, where the chambermaid was still on guard. Ho knocked. No answer. He knocked again. No answer. And a third and louder summons bring ing no reply, the porter turned the handle of the door and looked in. The chambermaid had drawn near, and when the porter got no response to his raps she became mildly jubilant. 'Perhaps he has cut his throat,' she said. But the thought, perhaps, of the terrible mess there would be for her to clear up in the event calmed her enthusiasm, and she hoped it might be only poison. Seeing no one in the room, the porter entered, and crossing the floor knocked at the inner door. Here again be got no reply; here again he turned the door handle apd looked in. No one was to be seen. He gave a cry of surprise. The chamber maid came forward ; together they looked under the bed, into the wardrobe, pulled out the drawers. Not the ghost of a sign of Mr. Hants. On the dressing-table there was the hotel bill, with an amount in cash on it . that more than paid the total. That was all. The man was gone. Vanished, dissolved, dissipated, melted into nothingness. When this fact was fully realised by the chambermaid, she rushed from the room, her face as pale as her white cap. ' Did you ever ? It's not possible. Why, I saw him go in not ten minutes ago, and I have been here ever since ! ' Together the two servants descended the lift, and, in language almost incoherent, informed the manager. ' You must have left the passage, Jane, and he has gone out by the back stairs,' said the manager, contentedly, as he put Mr. Hants' cash in the till. But Jane vowed and declared that such was not the case, and her very evident fright gave some concern to her employer. Who has gone, may I ask?' enquired the lady, who had caught the name of Mr. Hants. 'Who. has gone I want to know?' en quired Sergeant Hobbs, stepping forward. ' Mr. Hants has gone,' replied the manager to both questions. ' He entered his room ten minutes ago. He spoke to the porter five minutes ago. A servant has been outside his door all the time without his coming out, and now he has vanished.' ' The villain 1' exclaimed the lady, in voluntarily. 'The devil he has!' said Mr. Hobbs. 'We will soon learn where he has gone. Take me to his rooms.' The lady sat down in the hall, sobbing, to await further developments. The manager remained at his desk, and Mr. Hobbs, accompanied by the porter and chambermaid, ascended to room No. 19. Perhaps if the truth were known, Ser geant Hobbs felt a secret satisfaction at the turn events were taking. Since the notorious North Shore Mystery he had had no chance of displaying that profound acumen and acute penetration with which he felt himself to be endowed. He had a dread of getting mentally rusty, and was eager to place yet another feather, of victory in his cap. He found the rooms as described, sparely, neatly furnished; one a sitting, the other a bedroom. No fireplace in either, and both with small windows 40ft above the lane beneath. Accepting the chambermaid's evidence a3 true, that Mr. Hants had not left by the door, then he must have left by the win dow. No other conclusion was possible; So said Mr. Hobbs to himself. He went at once to the windows, and examined them critically. They were both fastened by a 'common spring. catch, aud, more important than that, a few days' undisturbed dust was on the window frames and even the catches themselves. Mr. Hobbs looked puzzled. He touched the woodwork with his finger, and made a most perceptible mark; after which he was prepared to make a most solemn affirmation that those catches had not been touched for at least twenty-four hours. ' Are there other stairs ?' he enquired. 'Yes,' said the chambermaid ; 'there is tho back flight; . but I tell you . I was here all the time, and he did not come out.' ' No doubt, no doubt. But show me these other stairs.' Jane and the detective went along the corridor, down the winding narrow stair case, and finally into the kitchen they led to. Here half a dozen cOoks and their assistants were busily at work. In answer to the question as to whether a stranger had come down that way within the last quarter of an hour, there was a unanimous reply at once and without hesitation, There had been no one, not even a servant of the house, who had come from those stairs in the time. Baffled in this direction, Sergeant Hobbs thought of the number of rooms in the palace, bath, smoking, reading and - re tiring rooms, and immediately instituted a strict search ; even the few private rooms whose doors were not locked by their occu pants were explored. Mr; Hants was not to b© found. Mr. Hobbs, however, was only warming to his work. Yet he had to pause for a few minutes to think the matter over. 'I have it,' he said. 'It's as plain as ABC. You 'say you removed a heavy trunk from his room, and that is the only thing that has left since he entered it. He must be in the trunk.' The porter objected that Mr. Hants spoke to him from the inner room when he removed the box. ' Fancy ! Fancy, my man. Let me see this box, and we shall soon learn !' Quite a crowd formed round the detec tive as he examined Mr. Hants' trunk in the lobby; It was a big, heavy affair, iron bound and braced with battens — 'evidently an American trunk, guaranteed to stand the gentle attentions of the railway baggage smashers of the great republic. It was corded, re-corded, and labelled; the address read : ME. HANTS, GoULBtTRN. ' And you think he is in that box ?' enquired the manager. ' I am sure of it,' replied Mr. Hobbs ; ' if he has not already got out of it and escaped.' ' He has not got out since the box has been here,' said the manager, confidently. ' Why, no one could leave this lobby with j out my seeing them, let alone all the boarders in the hall there.' There was a general approving assent. All the boarders knew Mr. Hants bv sight, and all were prepared to swear he had not passed through the hall since he had passed in. ' This baggage,' continued the manager, ' is left in my charge ; its owner has paid me his bill. I cannot allow it to be touched without legal authority.' 1 ' That is quite right,' said Mr Hobbs as he beckoned the manager aside and showed him certain papers. ' Perhaps you will think that good enough.' 'Well, go ahead!' said the manager, finding his scruples silenced and getting curious himself at the developments of the affair. Tho trunk was uncorded with difficulty, the knots being tight. The lock, a common one, was fastened, but a little instrument Mr. Hobbs took from his pocket soon opened it. ' Now we shall see what we shall see,' said Mr. Hobbs, with an air of triumph and the confidence of a conjuror who ha$ prepared a well-practised trick. All heads were stretched forward to look. The lid was raised ? And the box was found packed tight to the brim with clothing and books. The manager smiled. The boarders laughed. Sergeant Hobbs was dumbfounded. He removed some of the goods, put his hands down the sides, and had half emptied the trunk and re-packed it before he could believe his eyes. ' Then where has he gone ?' he ex claimed. ' That's just what I want to know,' said the chambermaid. ' And I,' said the lady who called her self Mrs. Hants. ' And I'm blessed if I care !' said the manager, laughing and returning to his desk. (To be Continued.) I THEY LOOKED UNDER THE BED. THE DETECTIVE OPENED THE BOX. 