ENTERTAINMENT AT TALLANDQON. A concert and ball to celcbr.ito the opening' of the Public Hall recently built at Tallundoon took place on Friday evening last. Altllough the weather looked anything but promising, the rain kept off, and a large gathering of people assembled together. Tho hall (a building 30ft. x 20ft.) was packed, not a vacant scat being available). Some idea of tho number present may be obtained when it is stuted that although tho prices of admission were very modest and suitable to tho timos (viz., concert, Is., children, Gd. ; hall, 2s.), the very creditable sum of £10 4s. Gd. has already been received. A little more is ex* pected, sls the returns from those who obtained tickets for sale are not quite com The following is the programme of the concert, at which Mr. A. Moncrieff, of Mifcta Mitta, officiated as chairman :—Part I.— Overture, piano, Mrs. W. Patou and Miss Patou; duet, “True till Death,” Mr. F. and Miss Howinau (encored; dialogue, “ An American Sam Weller,” Musters W. Paton andThos.Ellis; song, “The Sleeping Camp,” Mr. Anderson; recitation, “Virginia,” Mr. Atkins; song, “ Take Back the Heart,” Miss Kills; comic dialogue (black), “ Sambo’s Sea Voyage,” Messrs. Higginson and S. Ellis ; tin-whistle solo, Mr. Carroll; farce, “ The Professor of Music,” three characters, two black and one ghost. Part II.—-Piano solo, “The Siege of Paris,” Miss Howinau ; song, “ Old England and the New,” Mr. By. How man ; comic dialogue (black), “Tho Two Brothers,” Messrs. Atkins and Geo. Ellis; song, “ The Song that Reached my Heart,” Miss Ellis; duet, “Very Suspicious,” Mr. and Mrs. Anderson (encored); song, “ Good Company,” Miss Howinau; recitation, “ Puudccn O’Rafferty’s Sea Voyage.” Mr. G. Smyth ; farce, “The Fancy Dross Ball,” teu characters. When the programme was concluded, and tho usual vote of thanks had been accorded, the room was cleared to allow of preparations for tho ball, which was largely pat ionised. Dancing was kept up on a splendid floor till 7 n.m. on Saturday morning. The members of the committee are well pleased with the financial help they received at the opening of the hall, and desire to sincerely thank the public for the patronage accorded. 