MY NARROW ESCAPE. I never told anybody how very, very near J VajTWdeath that niplit, jacs a year ago; 'But as; I dab; now look back and calmly re call -eooti -thought, each word, each act, I think I will write it down as a warning to all who may find themselves similarly eir onmstariced, hoping, with all my heart, that the number may be few. . In the first place, my name is Frederick Patnam. I am, and have been for the last ten yean, tho foreman and book-keeper of the larca lumbering establishment of Wil jliam Winston and Co., and hope to bs for (another deeade,ualess soaEihing better turns op. Mr. Winston, is iba resiaeai partner and «n»n»s« of tbs nifcssfiiicriE.; part of the jbnaosss. Th* cah« ccaiKW of the fiim.of :wJms$i ibtre srs rws, liw in ths city, at ihe *eot ct tisSsi*, soi sitf-ii-J to tha sales of tasabsr, triufih tp* ssrsi thiru by v«si?ls. ? Ti5s«i-y Is? j&s; Jjuyast sh&re; of what t3is saill Wit*, s^iiicaclj tie *.mount of onr «*3«* -fe«-siy Swa' tbs raitl, to sapply «3j« ssoauy r,-i ibt ?srsM cf cs, is quite Wps. j 'W«E,«a*«i)j3Sa*j!aabjrevsoip.g. }n?t as I'WM^irflfisafer.C Jotsw.r*, I fcsvrvl loouteps «a 'she :««ffD5 W3tfi3#, sad prts«n:ly -ibt fi/Jiw ««w sflt-w '£««a, as thoagh spmeone [ 5to ihuSte !he£ «ma it » posh, admitting a ! ?Kill, isNttit, w3Wire«i93 sv&d;, with a small WewJHng iusg Sa or* h&si; tea a shawl j Stabwn war wot jotx | S'WMSitoiie — Mr. W5esk« fcsving gc-ce to ! SbtitoDMWcntiktlf *?= hocr bffen^ leciias : tbi Sft'to, 3d vlati we bed our books and ] gttjnwfv, «i3 tsii-c tbi key with him as ! -tB}Ul& j ;i t fc*£ iiafcJy e&asJ; the esmesr to the j iatow, F« C3 ziy ovsrec.il, aai wss just in the set ol turning down the Istup — bat, of coarse, I waited. ? 'Good evening, eir,' said the man, ] 'basiling np to the stpve. snu kicking the damper open with his right foot. ' Has Winston gone to the house ?' I answered that he had. 'When? I was afraid of it.' He drew oat his watch — a very fine one, I thought. 'I shall not have time to go up,' he eaid, 'The train is due in fifteen min utes.' ' I there anything I can do for you ?' I asked. ''I wanted to leave some money with Winston. I intended to stop in town a day or two, bat I have just got a despatch that iobIIb me home.' ' What name, sir ?' 1 'Anderson, of Andersonville.' I knew him then, though I had seen him /bat once before. He had been' one of our sbeat western customers. I said had been, 'for the reason that during the past year he .had not been bo prompt. In fact, he was ! considerably behind, and Winston had that -very day told me to write him, and ' punch 'him up a little,' as he expressed it. The letter was then in the breast pocket of my overcoat. 'You can leave the money with me, Bir, and I will give you a receipt.' He ecemed to hesitate, which nettled me '. somewhat. I have never blamed anyone : since, however. 11 How much ia my bill?' ho asked, eying meBharply. . I answered promptly, for I had struck line uaiaucu not more tuau umx un uuur ue jJore: ; ' Two thousand two hundred and fifty Ipounda.' ' Humph I less than I supposed. Write cut a receipt for that amount.' He left the stove, .and came and looked over my Bhoulder while I was writing out the receipt. ' It is all right, Mr. Putnam. I know you now. You've been with Wineton a long time. I can tell your signature any where.' He drew from an inside pocket a large black wallet very round and fuil, and count ing out eleven different piles of bank-notes, he told me to run them over. It was n short and easy task, for each pile contained jast twenty ten pound notes. The balance was in notes and sovereigns, and it took more time to count them ; but at l&st; we got it eo that both were satisfied. At thiu moment we heard the whistle from the station. Anderson sprung (or his travel ling nig, and giving me a hasty hand-shake was off on the run. I closed the door, and counted the money over again. Finding it all right, I wrapped a piece of newHnnper around it, i;nd slipped it into my overcoat pocket. I did cot leal quite easy to have so much money about mo, but as Winston's house wbh at least a miie distant, I con cluded to keep it until morniiiL', when I could depo it it in the bant. I closed tha damper nj-'sin, draw on my RloveH, took the office key from tbe nail just over the door, anil stepped up to put out the light. As 1 did ao, I saw a bit of paper on tbe floor, which, on pickiay up, I ertz was the receipt- I wrote for Mr. Autlc-rsou. He had cropped it in aid hurry. 1 put it in my packet, and : nought no morn about it, only that I would mail it to him. I. would htivo done il then, but ao the last mail for the day had gone out on the train which took Jlr. Anderson, I could do it just as well ia the morning. Then, too, I was in' something of a huny thai night, for I hml an nj'point meni ; and I tuay an well state here that it was with a young lady, who, I hoped, would bo my wifa before many 'months elapsed. 1 hastened to my boarding nlacp. p.te my supper, r-r.d then went over to Mr. Warner's, wearing the overcoat with the money in it, as I did not feel easy about leaving it in my room. 0 -rrie waa at home, of course, as she wcb expecting me, and, leaving my coat nnd hat in the hall, I went into tho purler. I do not think a repetition of our conver sation would bo very iatcroatint;, so 1 will pusa over it, merely remarking that nothing occurred to disturb me until I uroeo to take tay leiivn. Oarris went into tbe ontry foi my coat and hnt, that I mijiht put them on by the uiiriii lire; but the curue biok with only my hit. ' Wuy, Kred, you certainly did not ven ture out 'n such a night ao this without an overcoat ?' ' No cnat !' I exclaimed, in a dazed rort of a wiiy— for the thought o£ the money, flash ing upon mo so sutideuly,had almost stunned ' iiih. Tho next moment I tore past her like n inndmuu, as 1 was. Tho coat was i:«ne I ji-iu-n i was unnerveo. --igraspea at tne pta'r-iiti), iind cnuulit it just in time to sup port ni)'M--f, Girrio cniuo running out, her Jiice u.rrvt;^ pali- with alum:, ? 0 -, F.f.d ! are you sick ? Let me call mo.. ~r Hud the doctor. You are ua v nice as , ' Z'l&Ho;, Clfrrio !''I entreated. 'Thore, I amiicttT.now,' nuww»4Vm|«i'«wli-ti't-i*lUr.i «I- wao strong,, all at Q,«c-53?ik£ ptr JVel} ^'F^''- Ad(1 what brought ^MSrfP-WiirltoBafFbr-'1 Trw'tiniple receipt '(»/?, v.itIufi/1 had innny pookec. ; Andcrsonjhad ' i.ntlii^pjKijHbovv ilj&p; the monny had been )iii(i,'ti-i(t wua not my unaided word aa good ('r ' 2 « ^ fjcilMi enough to bolievo that I jiij- iV-'/ll-- lj-A',-? If li'fUBhi and I, grow confident *'' ' us*'!.1! jVi o ensy at 0CC8.' v ?'?' ? ''tv'irn.'^'!?, I 'am'muoh'better now. Thej'om whe loo warm, I guees. So Eomu HniTaVS-fftie^, has dodged in and stolen my riSriVall, let it go. ' It was- only an old 'ft /on'l./if*-d(''l;tlthBVP \ fetter,'. , ^jbl%.c 8svW 'h'0.1 6'J thing in 'yonr ?JocTtd /' Btlie'd C-iriio. ' It n KUrfnt'e how auspicious guilt will !-? f-K iir.- '-I rrally thought ihat Cirrie bub j)Ki'tr-l me, mid an angry reply waa on the '*-'r.:i(* ' of my tongue. I eupprepsed it, ) v-r, k:i(1 utttred a falsehood in. ?? fldthintf of conpertuenco, Cnrne. A pooa poir oi f;Joveu nnd .eotso other trifling jjutwns,' ?? I ova plad it is no worse, Fred, Now, il you fljlUsif just » tsoesotil will eotjoi. onooiifttuor'scoata to wear' homo; f~ ( Thus equipped I left her. I You may guesa that my slumbers that night were not very sound, nor very refresh- . ing. I never passed a more miserable night, and in tho morning my haggard looks wore the subject of remark. ' Why, Fred, you look as though you had mot a legion of ghosts last night,' said Winston, ' What ia the matter ?' 'I have had a bad night of it,' I an swered, with a sickly smilo. ' And you'll have another, if you're not careful. You bad better keep quiet to-day. By-the-way, did you write to Anderson ?' I do not know how I managed to reply, Tor the question Bet mo to shivering from b'ad to foot, and I was bo week that I oould scarcely Bit in my ohair. I must have answered in the affirmative, however, for he said: j ' Tnen we may loos for sometmnc; from him to-morrow, or the next day?' Im mediately after he added, 'Why, Fred, yon shiver as though you had tbe ague, and you are &weatirjg; like a butcher I You're eielc, man. Gome ! jump into my carriage, and Til ! tskeyou home.' I was glad of the chance to get away, and j reaching my room, I lacked myself in. I Winston sent a doctor round, but I refused to see him. Then ho came himself, but I would not open ihe door. The landlady i cxma, then some o* my fellow-boarders, but : I turned them all away, j Ah 1 those were terrible hours that I I passed and the night coming on brought me \- no relief. Can you not guees what I waa I meditating ? Coward that I was, I had at . last resolved upon self-destruction. | I commenced my preparations with the | Esme o&lmness; and deliberation that I would i have used in the most common transaction. ' I wrote a short explanation for Carrie, another for Mr Winston, a third for my poor mother, and I eeslsd them all. In a fourth envelops I enclosed the receipt to Mr. : Anderson. All this- accomplished, I went to my secretary and took out the weapon of death. It was simply a revolver, small and in significant enough in appearance, but all BuQicient. Having examined the cartridges to make sure that there would be no failure, 1 eat down before the fire, and placed tho cold muzzle to my forehead. In another second I should have been life less, but just as my finger began to press the trigger there came a tap on my door. It Etartled me, and hastily concealing my weapon, I called out that I oould admit no one.' 'Not me, Fred?' I knew Carrie's voice, and yearning to look on her loved face got the mastery of me. Quietly flipping the tell-tale letters, which 1 had left on the table, into my pocket. I opened tbe door. ' Oil, Fred ! you are real sick,' exclaimed Carrie, the moment the light lell on my face. 'Why did you not sent for me? Aren't you better?' ' Worse,' I answered, huskily ; ' but Carrie— good Heaven's I' As I uttered this exclamation I started baok, and then forward ; and then — [ hardly kDow what, for, hanging across Carrie's arm, was my overcoat 1 Becovering from my astonishment, I snatched it frcra her, and thrust my hand into the pocket. I drew out the two thousand two hundred and fifty pounds. You have heard about, and perhaps seen, tne singular capers oi a maaman, or me wild antics of those crazed with rum, or the grotesque dancing of savages. Well, judging from what Carrie told me and from the ap pearance of my apartment after it was all over, I am led to believe that, wvre it possible to concentrate the three above mentioned specieB of demons into one, their capering and dancing wculd appear tame in compari son with mine thnt night. But I conled down after a while, and just in time to Bave Carrie's head a thump from tho chair or the waahstand, which I had Belf cted as partners in my crazy waltz. Then I sslted for an explanation. It was tbe simplest thing imaginable. I do nut know why I had not thought of it before. It j was simply a blunder of Carrie'ii father. He j had mistaken my coat for his own, and worn it down town, never dreaming that a Bmall fortune was lying idly in one of the pockets. Well, I didn't have the brain fever overthe affair, but I was next door to it. I made a clean braast of the whole thing excepting my attempt, or. rather, my resolve, at self de struction. No one ever guessed that part of | it, and I tell it to-day for the liiss time. I sent Mr. Anderenn his receipt, banded over the mnney to Mr Winston, and went right on with my dutieB, a wiser and brt'.er man. I hfue. And to-morrow, God willing, I xhnll l,--.atl Carrie to the altar. 