CHILDREN'S COLUMN. hunted eY a ticress, IN THE DEPTHS OF A JUNGLE. (BY CRIBIIES J. MANSFORD, B.A., author of "Shafts from an Eastern Quiver," &c.;) _ A great many years have eome and gone Bince I, George West, met with the strange adventure which I am about to relate. At the time it occurred my father was paying A visit to an important Indian dignitBry, whose eon, Ahmed, and I had been to Eton together. So, when I went to Eton, in my fifteenth year, Ahmed accompanied tne, and before long we were together spehdiDR a long holiday in Assam. The Rajah, Ahmed's father, had arranged a tiger hunt in honor of my father's visit to him, and after mach persuasion he agreed that we two boya should join in the eport. Everything was arranged in due course, and several well-known natives of position were invited to join. When a few dayi had elapsed, a Hindoo servant came run ning in to report that the spore of a tiger had been discovered in some swampy tangle near the banks of the Brahmaputro. It was settled, therefore, that on the next morning an early start should be made for the spot. But, to our great chagrin, on that very morning my father was summoned away to Shillong, in the Khasi hills, and all hope of my Bharing in the sport seemed at an end. The Rajah, however, seeing my disappointment, won from my father a reluctant consent that I should be allowed to go in charge of a native friend of his; for the Rajah himself determined to accompany toy father part of the way he was going. Bo Ahmed and I climbed joyfully into the howdah which the Rajah owned, and, with the friend of the Rajah whom I have mentioned, we joined the others, who were waiting for us about a mile ahead, on the verge of a swampy region through which we bad to pass. The entire party numbered—including the mahouts, or drivers—twenty-six, sixteen of whom were carried by the elephants we had, while the remaining ten were Hindoos, who carried poles, with which they beat the high jungle grass, to drive oat any game that might be lurking there. Before we had advanced half an hour, out from a mass of tawny, sun-scorched grass leapt a splendid tigress. In an instant the Hindoos who were beating the grass ran away for their lives, while those in the first howdah fired at the striped brute. The tigress was hit by a bullet, which, however, only wounded it slightly, and, furious with pain, the beast sprang right tip at the howdah in which we were riding, although we had not as yet fired at it. Irad, the Rajah's friend, who was with us, levelled his gun at her and we followed his example, but, from the unsteadiness of our elephant, none of the shots told. With teeth and claws the tigress hung grimly on to the elephant, whereupon the latter, with a scream of pain, turned and dashed into the jangle, with its foe still clinging desperately on. We all three leant over the side of the howdah, when, by some carelessness of the Hindoo servants, the fastenings of the howdah gave way, and we were flung headlong from the howdah to the ground. Our elephant, shaking itself free from its foe, gave a loud trumpet of fear and dashed off with the mahout, who tried in vain to keep it back, the other elephants following suit. Left alone to face the maddened tigress, the Rajah's friend shouted to us to follow him, and we dashed through a patch of rough ground only to see the man burled flat upon his face by a blow from the great brute's paw, as the tigress sprang right among us. Forgetting our own danger in the excitement, Ahmed and I turned about, and clubbing our rifles, rained blows with all our force upon the tigress. Yet, for a few 3econds, the tiger seemed to forget our very pretence, as she mauled with teeth and claws the unfortunate native whom we had accompanied. Ae we stood there trying to get the tigress to release her victim, we heard a weird cry or howl from the neighboring jungle. • The tigress raised her head for a minute, and when the sound waB repeated, suddenly left her victim, bounded past UB, and disappeared. "What are we to do ?" I asked Ahmed, aa we saw that the man whom the tigress Jiad attacked was quite dead. "Thereis only one thing wo can do," he anB weted, " and that is to try and find out Vhat has become of the rest of the party. They cannot be Far from here, and, as it is, we may at any moment be attacked by the tigress, I wonder why she went off and kit us unmolested ?" There was some cry from the brushwood yonder," said I, and even as I spoke the cry was repeated. " Hark," cried Ahmed, " do you hear J that?" ' I nodded assent. A second time the sound smote upon our ears. " Whether the tigreBs is theie or not I mean to see what the cause of that sound is," said Ahmed to me. " Come on, George; we may get a chance to fire another shot at the tigress. Keep your eyes well open, and if the brute pounces out keep your face to her, and whatever you do when you fire at her don't miss." I followed Ahmed, but we advanced some way before we iound out what was the cause of our being left unhurt by the tigress. Suddenly Ahmed caught me by the arm. " Look!" he whispered, " the tigreBs is lying down in that patch of grass." We stood still, and there I saw the tigress lying among a mass of beaten-down jungle grass, as striped and tawny as herself, and sporting about her and licking ber blood-stained jaws were two little cubs. Whether, as we moved away a little so as to conceal ourselves from the tigress's view, the animal beard the rustling of the dry grass or not, we could not tell. Instantly the tigress rose, and after glaring about her for a tew seconds she picked up the laiger of the cubs with ber teeth and bounded off with it, leaving the other unprotected, intending, no doubt, to return for it. The tigress had no sooner gone than Ahmed darted forward and seized the cub which was left behind, and which looked more like a harmless yellow ball of wool than the offspring of the fierce creature which had killed the Rajah's friend. The cub ciirled itself up in Ahmed's arms and purred with delight like a kitten. " Come on," said Ahmed to me; " we will take this back home as a trophy— which is more than the others will get." Our way, as we thought, lay in the opposite direction to that in which the tigress had gone, and we set out at a run, hoping to put a good distance between ourselves and her before she returned and discovered her loss. The only guide we had on our homeward way was the sun, and before midday, as is so often the case in India, the sky became obscured and a heavy storm broke over us, so that we had to plunge into some thickly-wooded land to get what protection we could lrom the blinding storm of hail and rain. Two hours afterwards we were standing and talking together, each of us with a pale and serious face. "It's a bad job for UB," said Ahmed at last; "there is no doubt about it—we have loBt our way." "Then we must find it, that's all," I answered in a tone intended to make light of our misfortune. " I've no doubt if we go on in this direction for an hour, or even less, we shall get out of this wooded district, and then we shall soon be able to get on the right track for your home." All that' afternoon we wandered on and on, occasionally trying new - paths and returning to our old ones, as we found the undergrowth too dense to penetrate. The afternoon ctme and went; dusk— short and swift—turned into night and still we could find no way. We went on side by side together, the one fact ringing in our ears that we were lost. From sheer exhaustion we stopped at last and rested on the trunk of a tree that lay in our path. All that we could hear was the stray note of an occasional bird, or the cry of a bat. Sometimes the wing of a huge moth brushed againEt our faces, or a luminous fly danced like a miniature star before UB and then was gone. The silence was becoming appalling— when we heard the rustle of dead leaves, as if someone was following us. We shouted and halloed with all our might—but no answer was returned. We got up and Walked desperately and doggedly on and on, Ahmed still carrying the tiger cub. A second time we heard that strange rustling of the leaves. We stopped, and the sound ceased instantaneously. What could it be? We went on again, and the rusilicg began once more. The thing was so strange that we both began to feel more startled by it than by the adventure we had had and the alarming fact that we were lost. Again we stopped, and again the rustling behind us stopped also ! "What do you think it can be?" I asked Ahmed, with parched lips that almost refused their office. " I don't know; let us go on. Oh! if only morning would come !" Again we went on, and again the rustling sound rose from behind us. Backward we looked meny a time, but still we could see nothiDg. A shiver ran through our frames; we had heard many a Hindoo story of ghosts and laughed at them, but in the nervous, excited state which held us then we began to think that something more than human was following in our wake. I will find out what it is that dogs our footsteps so," 6aid Ahmed to me as we still went resolutely on; " the way seems pretty straight ahead now ; if you go in the path we are taking now I will &trike; into the undergrowth and lag a little behind, so that if anything appears I may see it, After a while we will change places, and you can then watch in turn if anythiug follows me." I did not approve of Ahmed's plan, but he pressed me to carry it out, and at last I agreed. So 1 went on as before, but after a quarter of an hour or more had passed and no sound broke upon my ear I waited for Ahmed to join me. " What did your hear ?" be asked me, when he came up. " Nothing," I responded;" there was no sound of anything or snyone following me, and you were walking too cautiously for me to hoar your footsteps." "Then I had the better of you," he answered with an attempted smile; " for most certainly something followed me!" " What do you mean!" I asked " speak out; if you saw anything, tell me what it was." " It is exactly what I have suspected, although I did not care before to tell you my suspicions—we are being trackei by that tigress whose cub I am carrying." We had just reached the border of the forest and were emerging upon open ground, when suddenly the black night grew bright as day as the moon shone out from the purple, storm-rent clouds. My face, no less thon AhmedV, was pale enough to see, as with him I realised our common danger. " Shall I let the cub go ?" Ahmed asked. " If that is why the brute is tracking us, no doubt she will snatch up her cub and go off with it, leaving us unmolested." ( t We will do that as a last resort," 1 answered, unwilling, after all our difficulties, that we should lose the cub we had obtained. " Very well," said Ahmed calmly; " as you like—only I think my plan the better of the two. If you like to carry the cub, well and good—take it." He held out the yellow-looking ball to me, and, just as I took it in both hands, I caught sight ofsomething moving stealthily behind us. There was no need to conjecture what was following us. With glaring eyes aflame, with white gleaming fangs and cat-like crouch, the tigress bent for moment almost flat in the jungle grass, then leapt with one tremendous leap full at tne. How the tigress missed her prey I know not—whether she misjudged her distance or I slipped down or moved at that critical moment, to this very day cannot recall. All I know is that I saw- Ahmed running back towards the forest and after him I went, still holding the cub fast under my arm. Quicker than I can tell Ahmed had swarmed up a thin-trunked tree, and I was trying to follow suit when once more the tigress bounded upon me. I flung the cub upwards, and e&w; Ahmed deftly catch it as he rested upon a branch; then instantly I fell down, face forward, as the tigress beat me down like a straw beneath ber terrible paws. As I lay there a shout and a confused din smote upon my ears—and the tigress rose from my body. Mechanically I turned my body over to see what had happened. The tigress was standing over me as I lay prostrate, while round her were several natives, with smoking rifles in their hands. I heard the sharp ping I ping I of bullets, the tigress bounded futilely at her enemies; but, even as she rose in the air, death took her, and she fell within a few feet of the spot where I was lying. The search party organised as soon as we were found to be miesing had, after many hours' search, found us only just in time to save my life 1 It WBB many a month before I recovered from the injuries I received when the tigress dashed me to earth. I bear the scars to-day, one of them being conspicuous upon my forehead. As to the tiger cub, it was for some time in iny possession, affording considerable amusement, until nearly full grown, when one day it made a dash for the jungle, and all'traces of it were completely lost. —Chums. 