Sermon for Sunday. Top of the Ladder. , , Br Late Rev. C. h; Spubgeom. f And to know the love of Christ, whloh pnssoth -Knowledge, tliat yo might bo titled with all tlie (ulness or God.— Eplieslona til. io. This is a part of Panl's prayer for tho Ephosiati heliovors. It is tho olosing olauso and consummation of it. It muiitions tlio grandest boon for which lie prayed. His prayer Was like that ladder which Jacob saw, tlic top whereof did reach to lieavon and God ; and tlio apostlo at tlio foot of it was not asleep, but looking up with eager eyes, und marking each rising round of light. Bo it ours by sweet experience to ascend that staircase of light ! May the Holy Ghost reveal it to us ovon now ! You must begiu to read at tho fourteenth Verso: "For this cuuso I how my knees unto tho Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, of whom thu wholo family iu heaven and curth ure mimed, that" — this is ouoriuig of tho bidder. "That Ho would grant you, according to tlio riches of His glory, to bo strengthened with might by His Spirit in tlio inner man ; tbat " — here eomcs tho second rung ; olio stop liolps you to roach tlio next ; you aro strengthened that you may riso higher and onjoy a further privilege. "That Christ may dwell in your hearts by fnitli : that" — this is the third rung. Oil, tliut tlio Holy Ghost may help you at oneo to tako a firm footing upon it! "That ye, being rooted und grounded in love, may be ablo to comprehend with ull saints wlint is tho breadth, and length, nnd depth, und height ; and to know tlio love of Christ, wliioli passeth knowledge." Surely wo' are at tho top of the ladder now, are wo not? What a height I How glorious is tho viow ; How solid tho Btunding! How oxhilnrnting the sense of commuuion with all saints and with tho Lord of saints ! Yet this is not tho top of it. Here is another stop, "that yo might ho filled with all the fulness of God." 1\. "To know tho love of Christ." Observe that Paul was not praying for people who did not know tho love of Christ iu- tho ordinary acceptation of tho term. Thoy did know it; thoy had heard all about it from himself ; thoy had read about it iu his epistles, anil in other gracious records. Thoy know the wholo story of tho love of Christ though apos tolic tonehing. Ay, mid tllcy know it by faith, too. They lind believed in the Lord Jesus Christ unto tlio salvation of their souls, so that in tho first verso of tliis opistlo he calls them " suints which uro at, Ephosus, and tho faithful in Christ Jesus." What docs ho mean by his pruyor that t-hcy might know tho love of Christ ? Ho intended another kind of knowlcdgo. I know very many people— Hint is to say, I liavo' read about them ; I liuvo heard of them ; I havo seen them in the street, nnd thoy toneli their hats to mc, and I do tlio snmo to them ; mid thus I know them. Tills is a slender form of knoivledgo; yot I fear it is tlio kind of knowledge which most men liavo'ljof Christ. They havo seen Him, they lmvo looked to Him— and, blessed ho His numo ! tlioro is life hi a look — hut thoy havo gouo no further. Even sueli . a knowlcdgo as that wliioli comes by trembling faith is a knowledge that saves. But I will tell you tho pcoplo I know best. Thoy livo with mo in my own house ; I see them ovary day, I um on the most familiar terms with tliom— this iH tlio know ledge hero iutonded. Read our text again. "That Christ muy dwell in your hearts by faith," and then — " tliut you inuyknow tlio lovo of Christ." Is' not tliis tlio host way of knowing it ? Jesus resides in your heart, wluoh is tho contra of your love, and thou you know His lovo. Ho touches you to lovo Ilim, and, us you learn tho sweet lesson, you begin to know how Jesus loves you. You come to know Him by personal acquaintance, by having Christ dwelling in you so that you see Him, -hear Him, feel his touch, nnd enjoy HiH blessed company. Tliis kind of knowlcdgo is tho most precious of all knowledge. You seo the modus of this knowledge, tho way in which it comes to us; it is a sure and effioiont way, for, by bnving Jesus to dwell in us, nnd by becoming rooted und grounded iu lovo to Hiin, we conio lu know Him as wo ouu novcr kuow Him by being tuught by our fellow men, or by nil the reading or study iu tho \- world. This is tlio highest stylo of tho soieneo of Christ crucified, for tliis comes of personal proof and oxporimontal test, and therefore it is not to . ho taken from us, but is woven into our consciousness. AVo have been tuuglit by certain modern philosophers that wo do not know anything : I fanny our friends aro not fur off! tho mark if thoy only speak for thomsolves, hut I doinur to their representing . us. "Wo cannot ho certain of anything," says someono. Woll, perhaps you cunnot. But tho man who 1ms Christ dwelling in him says, " Thoro is one thing I am certain of, and that is tlio lovo of Christ to ino. I am assured of tho loveliness of His chnrnctor and tho nfl!oetioii of His heart; I perceive that Ho Himself is lovo : and I am equally clear, since He has come to livo with mo, tliut Ho loves mo, for IIo would not liavo lived in my heart at oil if Ho had not loved mo. Ho would not cheer und onoourage mo ; Ho would not rebuko nnd cliaston me, us Ho docs, if Ho didfnot lovo inc. He givos mo ovory proof of His lovo, mid thoreforo I urn euro of it. I will have no question raised ; or, if you raise it, you will kindly understand that I do not raise it ; for I havo como to this, that I kuow tho lovo of Christ." 2\. Wo must dwell u minute on that round of tho ladder to wliioh wo hnvo usoended— to know so its to ho filled. It is not ovory kind of knowlcdgo that will fill a man. Much of , human knowledge is described by the nposllo thus, " Knowlcdgo pufl'oth up ; but lovo buildotli up." Somotimostho moro mon know, tlio greater fools thoybecomo; for knowlcdgo is not wisdom, though wisdom cannot ho with out knowlcdgo. Knowledge in tho hand of a fool is hut a means of publishing his folly.- . Wisdom i'h tlio iiower wliioli grows out of knowledge ; hut nil knowlodgo doos not benv that flower — muoli of it is burron. Brethren, if you get a knowlcdgo of Olirist'H lovo, it is a iiliing knowledge, for it contents tho soul. Again, when tho soul comos to enjoy Christ it is filled in n most emphatic sense. ' It is not merely satisfied, but ovoiyoycd. One said to mo the other day, "I am sure tliut you Iiavo-u contontcd heart." "Woll," I replied, "if I wore pinched with poverty yon might talk of my contontmont ; hut God blossos 1110 so riolily that I liavo passed boyond more contentment, I havo all things and abound. I feel us if I can bless God all (lay long." Christ's people are not moroly safe and contented, thoy ure filled ; nnd woll thoy may ho, for tlioro is enough in Christ for millions, and yob ho is altogether ours. Ho has given Himself to us ns 11 glorious wholo. A littlo patrimony may muko a man contontcd, but what shall wo say when our heritugo is Christ Himself. Contontcd ? Why, our heart leaps us wo survoy our infinito por- \- tion. ' "In thohoavonly Lamb tlirioo happy I am; , And my heart it doth danoe at tlio sound of His name." When yon livo in tho full enjoyment of the lord's presence, mid abide uudor a sense of His lovo, you feel more happy than tongue uun toll, j Your heart is too full to hold ; it is liko a vessel wanting vont; it possesses a joy unspeakable and full of glory. 1 Oneo more, when tho lovo of Christ oomos to j work upon tho soul, wliqn it brings with it nil its choice treasures, then tho mind of tlio J boliovor is filled with tlio fulness of God. What is it that tlio lovo of Olirist gives to the objects of it ? Lot mo ask another question. What is : it wliioh is worth having that it docs not ! givo? Ho gives us light for our dark- ! ness, oyes for our blindness, food for our ; , hnngor, cleansing for our dolilcmont, garments : for our nakedness, healing for our sickness. Ho j gives us strongtii for ouv weaknoss, joy for our j sorrow, comfort for our distress, deliverance for our poril, und triumph for our confliot. WI1011 I Jesus comes to dwell iu tlio heart Ho brings I ; witli Him sueli furniture, suuii provision, that our entire nntiiro is equinpeil, furnishod, pro- i vidod for — " fillod with alf tho fulness of God." l ' Christ does not long dwell in 1111 unfurnished j houso. Oil, you that liavo a poor, povorty- strickou religion of wliioli you liavo to say, liko the older brother in tliopurnblo, "These many ears do I servo thee, neither transgressed at any tinio thy commandment : and yet thou j ; never gavest ino a kid, tliut I might muko / merry witli my friends," — I beseech you, j say so no more. Come, brothor, alter that tune, 1 and hear' what tho groat Fathor suys : "Son, '1 thou art over with Mo, and all that I havo is i tliino." If Christ dwolls in your heart,' His . Fatlior is your Futhor, His God is your God, His'heavon is your liouvoii ; ay, and His throne ( shall bo your throne, for Ho will mako you to 1 bit where Ho sits, at tho right hand of God in glory. Oh, the blcssodnosB of knowing the I lovo of Christ ! ' .,'"3. In . tho third place lot mo say — that < whoever Qlltist diYIls in tho heart by faith we roooivo tho fulness of God into our Bpirit, with tho design thnt wo may overflow. You lmqw what it is to bo ompty, I daresay. Havo you 'over tried to pray when you aro empty ? Yds, nnd tho result is a very empty praynr. "Out of nothing - comos nothing " ; , and when thoro is no prayer in you, .and you praj;, why, it is 110 prayer at all. Sometimes when you liavo boon praising tlio Lord you havo wished that you hail all men's tongues in your mouth, and that you had all tho song of birds ut your command, and all tho music of tho ephorcs. You havo desired to mako tho slnrs your koybonrd, to play upon them a glorious To Dcum ; and yet you would not even then havo praised your God as your heart desired. When you aro full of praise, tlion yon praise indeed. It is a blcssod thing for our heart to get full towards God, for then wo worship Ilim with a full soul. And, dear brethren, when you are nil full of Divine grace, yon are filled for all the circum stances of life. If you go ' forth filled with God, yon aro provided for every emergency. Como calamity or prosperity ; whatever shape tlio temptation may assume, if tlio lovo of Christ has filled you with tho fulness of God you are ready for it. Seo liow prepared you will ho to meet your brethren and benefit them. Suppose you should mako one iu a little gather ing of believers, and thoy should ask you to Hpeak a word, it' you are full, your speceli will ho worth hearing ; but if you aro empty, your communications will ho empty also. If anybody is saying, "This is out of my line; I liavo not como 11s far ns this," I know it is so. I havo not been talking to you. Yot I will not bo altogether silent to you. Look to Jesus Christ at once, and yon shall ho saved. Trust Him, trust Him wholly. By faitli you will begin to live, After you begin to live, vou will bo strengthened by the Spirit, of tlio Lord. After you uro strengthened, Christ will dwell in your heart. After Christ- bus dwelt in your heart, yon shall know tho lovo thut pnssetli knowledge ; nnd after that yon know tho love thnt passeth ' knowledge, you shall bo filled with all tho fulness of God. Do not begin at tho end, but tako tilings according to God's order. A man who wishes to climb n Judder does not expect to put Ins foot upon tho top round at tlio first step ; lie ascends by degrcos. There is your first round— "Beliovo 011 tho Lord .Tesiis Olirist mid thou shalt he saved." Take that first stop at once. May the Lord help you ! Beginning with faith in Jesus, you shall persevere auii ascend till yon reach tho top of tho ladder. 