Ishmael Pengelly : An Outcast. <BÏ JOSEPH HOOKING.) Author ©f "Andrew Fairfax," &c.; Book Y.-God. CHAPTER III,-(Continued.) Thus the man who had blighted his life lay ill, perhaps dying, lonely and forsaken. The nearest neighbor was many long miles away, and he was without food, help, or friends. The fate which Ishmael, in his youug days, had hoped would befal Reuben Pen withen could scarcely be worse than this. Truly, he was avenged! The man's, life seemed largely in his hands now. He had no friend, no deliverer! Well, why should he care? No doubt the days of his children's mourning were at an end, they had become re signed to his supposed death. Why should he trouble, then? This man had blighted, ruined his life-let him die! If-ah, if Grace's fate were not sealed, had he not seen that terrible newspaper paragraph, it might have been to his advantage to risk his life by nursing the fever-stricken man back to health, and have taken him back home, and then have said to Grace, "See, I have saved your father, and have brought him back to you." But that could not be now. She was the wife of another, and had entered gleefully into the wedding festivities. Suppose he left him, who would know, who would care? "An eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth." For a long time this feeling posses sed him as he wandered alone among Hie forest glades. Yes, he would take tlie shepherd back, and leave him. Per haps, he might, for decency's sake, tell about this poor wretch dying alone; but that would be all, for he knew of no one who would come and nurse him. Evidently be was suffer ing from, an attack of fever, the na ture of which was well known and greatly dreaded, and he was sure that even if a nurse could be got to attend him, she would not come till too late if he were left alone now. And why should not this be the case? Ile, Ishmael, was a soured, hopeless man; why should he seek to nurse his enemy back to life, and send him back to his children? "I say, boss, what are 'ee agoin' to do? It'll be dark in three hours, and there's a journey o' fifteen miles," shouted Bill. "It'll be bright moonlight," said Ish mael shortly. "True; but I wants to git back, I do." "Very well, we'll go together." "What about the baists?" "Let them stay." "And the sick man? I s'pose that sneak of his'll come back to nurse him." "Just so," said Ishmael. They had walked perhaps a hundred yards, while the cattle looked wist fully after them; then Bill said: "Seems kind o' bad to leave 'un, don't it?" "Why; will you go and nurse him?" "Not me. Besides, his oan man that is-he looks as though he's got the dark fever." "He's left him; you heard him say so. Besides, he's tried to rob him." "I don' know nothin' 'bout that, but 'tisn't for me to go back and tend to 'un." Ishmael stopped suddenly. . "Bill," he said, you've got the dog. "You could take those cattle back." "I dessay." "Then do it, and tell Fraser to send word to Mr. Roberts that I shan't be back for a time. I'm going to get a nurse for him." "But, but-" "That'll do. Do as I say. If you can't get back to-night you can turn into Harris's place ; he'll put you up -for the night." "All right." They turned back, and a few min utes later Bill was driving" Reuben Penwithen's cattle towards John Fra ser's farm. Then Ishmael went back to the hut where Reuben Penwithen lay. He stopped at the door and lis . tened. The sick man was delirious. He talked loudly about Grace and Ber tie ; he accused himself of being a murderer, all for gain. "Grace is breaking her heart!" he cried. "And so is Bertie. My poor children ! Ah, they don't know. Yes, they do. They will have found out their father's a murderer. That fiend Ishmael will let them know. . Then they'll loathe me, for they'll be scorn ed by everybody ; and yet I love them so. My poor Amelia's children!" " I'll do it for Grace's sake," Ishmael ': said. "She is another man's wife, but " I love her still. I'll nurse bim for her sake. If he dies, well, I shall have done my best ; and if not, I can tell him the truth and send him back happy. At any rate, I shall have' made Grace happy-and she, oh, God help me I" He still loathed Reuben, he still felt that all the gladness of his life had been taken out. of his life by this man; but, at any rate, he would do his best He entered the house again, and, as he did so, he felt the air to be full of disease. It was little he knew of nursing, but in his varied reading he had learnt enough to know the gene-, ral course of this fever, from which, no doubt, Reuben was suffering. Af ter watching him an hour, and rem em bering what he had said, he came to the conclusion that the patient must have been suffering for some time. On his own confession he had been in bed nearly a week, while before that he had been unwell. From what he had read and heard he knew that while the fever generally came sud denly, and revealed itself in a shiver ing lit, sometimes the poison of the disease worked slowly, and caused listlessness, loss of appetite, and wan dering pains in the body. This had evidently been the case with Reuben. He noticed that the tongue was dry and brown, . while the teeth and lips were invested with the morbid epi thelium which had been shed. The pulse was weak but frequent. From these symptoms he concluded that the fever must have been in the system for niue or ten days. If that were so, the next four or five days would be most critical. A ^doctor had told him that death seldom occurred after the fifteenth day of the disease; hence every care must be taken.. Why had he not. told Bill to ride for a doc tor? But then he reflected that doc tors were not of great skill or clever ness iii the bush, and might not be of so much value. Still he wished he had thought of it, for now it seemed impossible to take any steps in that direction. He dared not leave him, for he knew that patients suffering from this disease often tried to get out of bed, and thus if no one were near death would be almost inevit able. Still he hoped that in a day or two some one would come. He was glad now that he had studi ed doctors' books years ago, glad that he had a general knowledge how to proceed. He remembered much of what his mother had told him as a boy. Like most women living in lonely neigh borhoods, she had a knowledge of the uses of herbs, and she had told him. Of the science of medicine, however, he knew next to nothing, and, even if he did, the knowledge would not have availed him now, for he was far, far away from any place where drugs of any sort could be obtained. He started to work, first of all car ing for the comfort of his patient. He caused the atmosphere of the room to be made sweet, and then searched among the boxes in an ad joining room for clean clothes. Ten derly 'as a woman, he did all in his power to make the bed more pleasant on which to lie, and then he began to search around for something in the way of food. He went out into the yard, but could see nothing suitable. He came in again and looked into the kitchen, which had also been used as a pan try. There was little of immediate service here, but he .found a small handmill and some wheat. Presently he espied a gun and a bag containing cartridges. This he immediately loaded and went out again. The evening was drawing in, but there was light enough for him to see a. couple of birds. These he shot, and prepared to cook them. It was strange work to Ishmael, but he man aged pretty well, and in a little while had prepared a tasty dish. Reuben Pen/withen was still delirious, but he took the soup Ishmael gave him, and his bed being more comfortable, he lay with more ease. This over, he arranged, a simple meal for himself, and then went out into the open air again. The night had come on now, and all was silent as death. So great was the silence that it seemed to make a noise. The moon shone brightly, and the air seemed pure; but the lone liness was terrible. He reflected that he was miles from the nearest house, and that Lonely Valley was generally deserted. No doubt Reuben Pen withen had chosen it for this reason. Perhaps, too, this was why his ser vants left him. : -, Everything was terribly strange. In the morning he believed him dead, and he hated Ms memory,, now he was caring for him as dearly ,as if lie had been his friend or brother. Why was it? He had 'wanted to leave him, but could not, something forbade him. He had come back to nui'se him; perchance, to see him die. How silent, how dreary, how lou-e ly!. And yet he felt happier than he liad done for a1 long while. Why waa it? He could hot tell.- He went in to the hut again and lit a little oil lamp, and thus could see his patient. He murmured constantly about Grace, and Bertie, and Penwithen, also about the ghost of some one, who, he said, .he could not recognise. . And then, again, ho seemed to worry about his farm, and' the way his servants treated him. But he was not wild in his delirium, and he spoke like one intensely. weary. ; Ishmael went out again. The ter rible silence of the night seemed to have a fascination for him. How long would it be before some one would call? Surely; Bill would let Fraser know what he had said, and Fraser would send to Richard Ro berts. In two days at latest, some one would come. ' He was conscious of a curious smell in the air he was breathing. Scarce ly a breath of wind blew; but he fancied that now and then there was a slight movement in the atmosphere, coming from a northward direction. The smell became stronger. He look ed, and saw a vapor rising from the swamp. He had heard of poisonous , vapors coming from these swamps, which had a terrible effect upon some people. He looked around him, the valley was hemmed in by hills. He began to think of the possible signiu cance of this. ; . When he entered again Reuben seemed more uneasy, and Ishmael de tected that the smell had entered the' room. In his anxiety to sweeten the room he had opened the little cosement window, and thus let in the foul smell. He closed it again as quickly as possible, but made a little opening on the other side. He knew the value of fresh ail* for such à disease. Pre sently the patient became more restful, and Ishmael, going to the other side of the room, lay down to rest. The night passed slowly away, and when the morning came Reuben show ed no signs of reason. Ishmael did all / iii his power; but he longed with a great longing for someone to come; but he longed iii vain. The day passed with out anything worth noting; so did the next, and still the next. No one came, no help was afforded in any way. Reu ben was always worse at night, espe cially was this the case when the va por was thick. And so the two were together, alone. Reuben knew that he was carefully waited upon, but he did not recognise Ishmael. He took no interest in him; but the young man knew, that, con sidering all things, Reuben stood a fair chance of recovering. The fifth day came to an end,, and still no one came, and Ishmael began to lose hope. The few things which the old woman who had acted as Reu ben's housekeeper had left in the little kitchen were nearly consumed, and he knew not how to get more; he knew, too, that the todd he was able to ob tain for the sick man was not suit able. What could he do? For, in spite of himself, a great hun gering desire came into his heart to save Reuben. He knew not why, and yet at times he would gladly give his life for him. Why' was it? Perhaps it was his helplessness, perhaps it was because he wanted him to recover for the sake of Grace; and yet this did not explain sufficiently. Why should his heart bè sad when he was worse, and rejoice when he was better? Why should he almost delight in doing things that in themselves were almost loathsome, so that the patient might have comfort? Why did he long for his recovery? Oh, if only someone would come! Why was it that he was left alone? The truth was that Bill did not get back to Fraser with the cattle until the day after he had left Ishmael, and then he had carelessly mentioned. the fact of Ishmael having gone to find a nurse for the sick man, which might detain him days. This news Fraser did not communicate to Richard Ro berts until two days after. When Richard heard of it he did not see what he could do, and as Mary had gone away to" visit the neighbors men tioned in the last chapter, the farmer \- did little but grumble at Ishmael's absence, and wonder when, day after day, he did hot come. Still, he knew that Ishmael did not care to be inter fered with, and he knew, too, that he was abundantly able tjo care for him self. : Thus Ishmael was left alone with Reuben, who, unaided by any human skill, and with only Mother Nature, and common-sense to help him, fought a dread disease. On the fifth day Ishmael realised that Reuben was better. He was no longer delirious, but he seemed like a child. He appeared to recognise him, but it made no impression on him. But Ishmael was not surprised at this. Perhaps another day his rea son might :bécotne clear. And so, in deed, it proved. The young man, see ing his patient asleep iii the af ternbon, bad gone out for a few minutes. When he came back he saw that a great change had come about. A look of intelligence shone in his eyes, and he was evidently carefully connecting events. As Ishmael entered he looked up half fearfully, half wonderingly. "You are Ishmael, Ishmael Pengel ly!" he said; excitedly; "and you havo nursed me to life?" "Yes," said Ishmael, quietly. - 