The Triple Mystery; OR, Niels Carter's Sealed Orders. . CHAPTER LIL THE FATE OF DR. JEROME. Nick Carter spoke a few words of caution and instruction into Paul Cobden's ear. Then he threw the blanket once more over the sofa and turned his attention to the unconsci ous woman upon the floor. First he raised her in his arms, and placed her in the easy chair. Then he proceeded to restore her from her faint. The moment she returned to consciousness her eyes sought the couch. She saw the blauket which covered the ghastly object, and a shudder shook her frame. With a. sob, she made a mo tion to rise, but Nick stepped forward and waived her back. 'You see for yourself that your husband is beyond help, madame. It would be well for you to submit quietly and with the best grace you can command to your unpleasant K'WVfYT 'lew tell me a few things wmcuytm. late husband did not have time to disclose befoie he died.' ' Dead — dead !' sobbed the woman, as her tearless eyes stared at the sofa. ' Why did you lend yourself to your husband's awful plot ?' ' Why ? Because I loved him. Be cause to make him happy, I would have done anything he asked.' ' Even to aiding him in marrying another woman ?' ' Yes, in order that he could obtain wealth, on which we might after wards have spent a life-time of un alloyed happiness together. But now it is all over— all over ?' ' Happiness ! You find happiness, and this man married to — living with — another woman — calling her wife ?' The shadow of a sneer flitted over the woman's mouth. ' It would only have been for a year, or perhaps less — until he had become possessed of the wealth she inherited. Then — well, she would have joined the rest ; we would have entered into our happiness. But that is all passed now.' ' You really believe he would have come back to you ?' ' I know it. He promised.' ' Poor fool ! Poor dupe !' 'Why do you call me those names ?' 'Because you' deserve them. Dr. Jerome was desperately in love with Ethel Gray. Had he married her, you, and not she, would have been his next victim.' ' I don't believe it.' ' I know it. He said so.' ' Before he died?' ' Certainly.' ' Now I don't believe you. My husband, Dr. Jerome, never said that. If you have lied in one instance, you have, lied in everything. He made no confession. Ea, I remember ! The wound was in the head. If it was fatal, he must have been uncon scious. lie .mane no confession.' Nick smiled, and coolly replied : ' But you have.' The woman's whole aspect changed in an instant. She was suddenly metamorphosed into the scheming, cold-blooded accomplice again. ' Confessed to you — a detective ! No jury would take your unsuppor ted testimony against my own. De tectives are too prone to commit per jury in order to make a case, and juries know it.' ' But my testimony will not be un supported. You have confessed to another besides myself.' Nick stepped over to the sofa and pulled aside the blanket. Paul sat erect, removed his false beard and wig, add wiped the red paint from his forehead. The woman uttered a suppressed scream. ' Mr Cobden !' she gasped. ' At your service,' said Paul, rising to his feet. ' Then he is not dead ! Oh, what have I done ?' She made a dash towards the door. Nick's strong hand was on her shoul der in a moment with a vice-like grip. ' Don't be precipitate,' he said. ' Besides, that door is locked.' She began to struggle desperately. ' I see there is no help for it,' mut tered Nick, as he slipped a pair of handcuffs on her wrist. Ten minutes later she was a prisoner, securely bound, hand and feet, and locked in a third-storey back room, with the butler in charge, and the latter sworn to secrecy. Before Nick left the house, he said to Eunice : ' Stop the medicine which Jerome has prescribed or left for your father, and be sure to put it away where it will be safe for future analysis. Don't let Mr Gray suspect anything, but give him some harmless concoction in its stead.' ' What rf Dr Jerome should call ' ' " I see you again ?' bn't believe thedoctor will call on r Gray again, professionally, at all,' s ud Nick, with a quiet, meaning smiL. On the way to the hotel they passed the surgery of Dr. Jerome. A lioht in the window indicated that O the doctor was there. ' I think I will make Dr. Jerome a professional visit this- evening,' said Nick, after he had called Cobden's attention to the fact that the doctor's surgery was lighted up. Then he lowered his voice, and was busy for some minutes explaining to Paul a plan by which he hoped to gain evi dence from the doctor himself to prove the latter's wholesale scheme of assassination. They went some distance farther until they came to a druggist's, where Nick bought a powerful emetic. Then they went back to the doctor's surgery. Nick swallowed the emetic, and rang the bell instantly afterwards. When the servant opened the door, Nick was leaning heavily upon Cobden's arm. The latter said; 'Quick my man! Let us see Dr. Jerome at once. My friend is very ill.' ' Your name, please?' 'Cobden. Tell Dr. Jerome it is a case requiring immediate attention.' The servant hurried into the doc tor's private room. Dr. Jerome him self responded. ' Ah, Cobden ! What is it?' 'My friend and guest, doctor, was taken deathly ill a few moments ago. Luckily, we were in the street near here, and I hurried him in.' Dr. Jerome approached Nick, who had staggered into a chair, and sat gasping for breath with a simulation so natural that Paul almost feared it might be real. ' I — I — am very sick. I fear I will have to' : — - . Dr. Jerome was instantly alert, for there was undisputable evidence that the visitor was really sick. There was no need to counterfeit that part of Nick's pretended desperate illness. The retching was real, and served to throw Dr. Jerome off from any sus picions he might have entertained after an examination of his patient. While Nick was recovering from the effects of the' 3 C -u Dr. Je- rome consta; i try uUati ''wHtch, ana was not long in noticing that . the doctor's eyes were riveted upon the snake-ring hanging from his watch- chain. ' He will walk right into the trap,' was Nick's mental conclusion. ' Your friend is a stranger in Was hington, is he not ?' inquired Dr. Jerome, turning to Paul Cobden. ' Yes. He only arrived to-night. By chance I was at the Arlington when he came in, and I -was, there fore, the first person he met here whom he knew.' ' You and he are old- friends ?' ' No, I can't say that. But he comes from the West, and I am a Westerner. We have met before.' ' What has he eaten since his arrival ?' 'Nothing; at least since I met him at the hotel.' Nick appeared to be too ill to an swer' verbally in confirmation of .what Paul said, but he shook his head to denote that he had eaten nothing in Washington. ' Nor drank anything ?' This was the question both were waiting to hear, and Paul, who was fully instructed in his part of the drama, replied rather carelessly ; ' Only some wine, and but one glass of that.' ' When and where ?' ' About half an hour ago in the Arlington Cafe. I met our mutual friend, Senor Navarro, in the lobby, and introduced him to Mr. Lovell. He, in his usual hospitable way, in sisted that we should have a bottle of wine with him.' ' And you accepted ?' ' Certainly. But how could" — ' Mr. Cobden, your friend is very ill. See, he is growing faint. Help me to place him on this couch.' Nick's simulation was so true that he deceived even Dr. Jerome. He was almost carried to the sofa, where he lay apparently speechless and helpless. ' How long has he been complain ing ?.' asked the doctor. ' He first spoke of feeling bad directly after Navarro left us, and we started out to walk it off in the open air. That is how we happened to be near here, fortunately, when he became so faint.' By this time Nick pretended to be unconscious.' Jerome was quick to note the patient's condition. Turning to his desk, he wrote something on a prescription form, and, handing '.'it to Paul, said : — 'Take that as quickly as you can to the druggist's just below, and get it made up. Lose no time. I'll re main and work with your friend till you return. But hurry.' Paul snatched up his hat and started towards the door.' ' What is the matter, doctor ?' ' I fear Mr. Lovell has been poisoned.' ' Poisoned ?' 'Don't ..stop to ask questions or the case may prove fatal.' Paul dashed out of the surgery, and soon the sound of his hastening footsteps was heard on the pavement. Dr. Jerome approached Nick as soon as Cobden's footsteps could no longer be heard, and looked closely into the latter's staring, glassy eyes. Then his gaze wandered away to the snake ring on the watch-chain. ' I'd like to know what poison Na varro gave him, and whether the victim has thrown off enough of the drug to make recovery possible,' muttered Jerome. ' I can't afford to take any chances. I ought to get rid of these other two by a lucky stroke of fortune. I'll- finish what he began, and the crime can be easily fixed upon him.' He first locked the door leading into the outer, room. Then he went to a cabinet, and, looking over a large collection of phials, soliloquized : ' I must not make a mistake in my wea pon. Ah ! Just the thing'!' He selected a phial containing a colourless liquid, and poured half a dozen drops of the contents into a goblet, and added a teaspoonful of water. ' I hope I can get this down his throat without strangling him,' he muttered. -'If I can, his friend will find him dead when he returns with the antidote.' Jerome carried the goblet with its deadly contents to the sofa, and with its deadly contents to the sofa, and with his disengaged hand tried to open the mouth of his victim. To his surprise, he found Nick's jaws tighly clenched. ' In one sense that is bad, and in another it is good,' muttered Jerome. ' May be I'll not have to force this down, after all. It will take Cobden at least ten minutes more to get back with that antidote. I'll wait five minutes, and watch the effect of Na varro's work before I take a hand in the business.' He turned half-way around and set the goblet on a table. Before he could realize what had happened. Nick was upon him, and bore him to .the floor. In a few seconds a pair of handcuffs were on the doctor's wrists, and the supposed patient was gazing down with a smile on the astounded physician. Nick's next act was to reach out and take the goblet from the table. Pie was not one moment too soon. Dr. Jerome's right foot flew up, and the table, with all its other contents, was overturned by the kick. ' A little bit late, doctor,' said Nick, with a bow, as he carried the goblet to the mantlepiece, and placed it where he could keep it guarded. ' That goblet's contents are worth a great deal to me.' ' ' Who the devil are you, and what does all this mean ?' 'I am Nick Carter, the New York detective, and it all means that I have trapped a murderer.' . : Dr. Jerome turned deadly pale, but made no attempt to get up from the floor. ' You call me a murderer, do you ?' finally came the reply, in a voice that was plainly unsteady. ' That is easy to do. But perhaps you can prove it ?' ' I can, my dear doctor. I have no desire to keep you in the dark for one moment. You are a doomed man. Your confederate and erring wife has made a full confession, and is now in custody. In confirmation — if any more evidence were needed — we have the- medicine she was giving Richard Gray, at your orders, and also the few deadly drops in that goblet.' Just then the bell rang. ' That is Mr. Cobden with the antidote for my emetic,' laughed Nick. Jerome groaned, but could make no reply. The servant admitted Paul and then retired. Paul hurried to the surgery. When he saw Jerome on the floor in handcufts, he exclaimed : ' Then it worked ?' ' Like a charm,' responded Nick. Jerome rose to his feet just as Cobden. passed between him and Nick. Before either the detective or his friend could realize the designs of the desperate man, Jerome threw the weight of his body with fearful, desperate force against Paul, dash ing him against Nick. Both men went staggering across the room. Before they could recover their equi librium Jerome was at the mantel shelf. Grasping the ' death-laden goblet between his teeth, he threw back his head and received the liquid in his mouth. Nick's right hand dashed the goblet from the doctor's mouth and his left hand clutched the suicide's throat in an effort to choke back the poison. It was too late. Jerome reeled and fell heavily to the floor. In less than a minute later he was dead. CHAPTER LIII. FANCHON BOUTELLE GIVES INFORMATION.' On the morning following Nick- Carter's arrival in Washington, dis guised as " Hank" Lovell, of Colo rado, the papers contained another sensation. Again it was a case of 2 suicides, which had occurred about the same hour in different places. The news in each instance reached the reporters after midnight, so that only the most meagre accounts of the tragedies could be gathered before the papers had to go to press. The more notable victim was Dr. Jerome, and the mystery surrounding his death was deep. None of his friends could give a satisfactory reason for the suicide, but a general rumour prevailed that the doctor had been the accepted lover of Ethel Gray, whose sudden disappearance in the hour when a woman was found mur dered in her room had been the sen sation of a few days before. It was therefore strongly hinted that Dr. Jerome had taken his own life by reason, indirectly, of Miss Gray's unpleasant position. The doctor's servant told the reporters the story of the discovery of the suicide. Mr Paul Cobden had called at about half past ten o'clock on the night before, with a friend who was taken sick in the street. Cobden had gone to the nearest druggist's soon after to get a prescription made up. He admitted the latter on his return, and then went into the basement. About 20 minutes later he heard the two men go out and walk up the street. There were no other visitors, and just at midnight . he went to the surgery to see whether he would be needed again during the night. It was then that he discovered Dr. Jerome lying on the sofa dead, and the goblet which had contained the fatal dose lying shattered by fine side of the corpse. Mr Cobden had been roused from his bed at 1:30 by the reporters, and questioned. He was much sur prised to hear of Dr. Jerome's death, as the doctor seemed to be in good spirits when he called, several hours before, with his friend. . The second suicide was a nurse employed at the house of Represen tative Gray, the father of Miss Ethel Gray, the missing suspect. This woman's death by suicide seemed the more important hum the fact that she was the maid of Mrs Orlando and Theresa Orlando at the time these two ladies were found dead in their beds. It was known that the woman carried the fatal poison on her person in a hollow or false setting of a large seal ring which she constantly wore on her left hand. This secret recep- tacle was concealed by a spring slide, and contained only a few drops of some poison, which, however, was powerful enough to take life very quickly. The coroner was reading a brief account of the double suicide .that morning, when a servant an nounced that two gentlemen wished to see him on urgent private business. The official met his visitors in his reception-room, and remained closeted with them for nearly an hour. When they came out, after their interview, the coroner was saying ; ' Depend on me, sir. I will do all that I can, act ing consistently with my official du ties, to aid you. I can easily find some excuse to postpone the inquests several days.' ' By the way, Mr Coroner,' said that one of the two visitors who had been addressed and who of course was Nick Carter, ' there was a frag ment of a cigar found near Mr Bray- ton Russel's body. Do you know what became of it ?' ' Oh, yes, I remember very well. Miss Gray got it.' ' Miss Ethel Gray ?' ' No, Miss Eunice — r the elder sister.' ' Eunice Gray ?' - . ' Yes. I think she must have been in love with him. She called at my office on the day after the in quest, and asked me to give it to her as a remembrance. She said that it was probably the last thing he had touched in life, and she would prize it accordingly. I gave it to her,, and I suppose she has it yet,' ' Thank you, and good morning.' Nick returned t to the Arlington alone, while Cobden went direct to Mr. Gray's residence. The former retired to his room and waited patiently until noon, when the mes sage he evidently expected came. In answer to it he hastily left the hotel and took his way to Represen tative Gray's house. The butler ushered him into the library, where Eunice, - Paul, and Fanchon Boutelle were waiting for him. Nick at once proceeded to business. ' We have no time to lose now my good girl,' said he, addressing Fan chon Boutelle. ' Miss Ethel Gray must be restored to her friends at once, and you have information which may go a good way towards paving the way for her return.' ' Anyzing I can tell I veel not wizhold.' ' Good. Then first tell us exactly what occurred when you and Miss Gray visited Brayton Russel on the night he was killed.' ' I at Mees Ethel's direction, re main in ze hall just outside. Soon after she had gone in, a voman came up to me in ze hall and points one daggaire at my heart, make me geef her my cloak and hood, and zen compel me to leave ze building and go home. She vos crazy : I see zat at vone glance, and I hesitate not to do as she ask. I vas von?® coward. I know.' \- ' You came right Ir ' Yes.' 'Well?' ' Veil, ven Mees Ethel return and see me vaiting for her, she stare and inquire, ' How did you get here first ?' ' Zen I tell her everyzing. I zought she vould faint. She moaned, ' Oh, ve are lost ! Vot has she done ? Vot has she done ?' ' And she sent you away ?' .'Yes. She asked me eef I vould return to France eef she give me a year's vages. I vould hafe promise anyzing zen. I promise. She pay me at vonce, and say, ' Start emee- deately.' Zen Mees Eunice persuade me to come to New York and vait teel she might vant me. She say Mees Ethel must be crazy, and might need me later.' ' Had you ever seen that crazy woman before ?' ' Nevaire.' ' Why did you go to Miss Blake's when you went to New York ?' 'She ees Adam Thompson's seestaire.' ' And what are ; you to Adam Thompson ?' Fanchon hung her head, while a flush crept into her cheeks. ' I am he's vife.' ' So ! You are Mrs. Adam Thompson ?' ' No, saire. I am Madame Bou telle. He's true name ees Boutelle.' ' Then who was the woman found dead in Miss Ethel's room?' ' My husband's seestaire.' ' Oh — oh ! You knew she was dead when I called on you that day ?' 'Yes. My husband tell me all about it ze night before.' ' He brought the news from Wash ington ?' ' Yes.' ' Now, Madame Boutelle, tell me — who is the child you have' at Mrs. Blake's — the original of this photo graph ?' Fanchon sprang to her feet in evident excitement. 'You know about heem ?' 'Yes. Tell me all about that little boy.' Fanchon looked at Eunice ques- tionly. 'Tell him everything,' smiled Eunice. ' Zat boy ees ze son of my hus band's former master.' ' Mr. Brayton Russel ?' ' Yes.' ' And its mother ?' ' Eez deat.' ' How came it in your care ?' .j ' She leave it viz me, ven she come from Paree, . vile she go to Vash- ington.' 'What was she doing in Wash ington ?' ' She go to sell her secret.' ' To whom ?' ' First she try Navarro.' ' Aha ! That explains Navarro's startled .look when he saw her lying there on the floor. She had visited him already. But why did she then go to Miss Ethel Gray ?' ' Because Mees Gray vas very much interest in ze child, and I sup pose she zink Mees Ethel vould buy her off. My husband know more about it zan I.' The butler put his head in at the door at this moment and beckoned to Eunice. The latter went to him, and he whispered something to her. In great agitation she left the room. Nick remained silent, and waited for her return. When she came back she had a surprise for the detective. Ethel Gray and Chick accompanied her. CHAPTER LIV. WHICH ENDS OUR STORY.- - With the return of Ethel Gray, Nick Carter was enabled to pick up the last link in the' Triple Washing ton Mystery. Chick found Ethel at her last hiding place by shadowing Martha Lange (on her first visit to her former mistress after Nick's return to Washington, The first in tention of Chick was to send for Nick, but by a bit of carelessness he was detected at his watch. Fearing he might again lose this most impor tant person (for he had in the mean time discovered that it was Ethel Gray) he put her under arrest. As soon as she fully realised her situation she asked Chick to take her at once to Washington, and agreed to go without the formality of requisition papers. As briefly as it could be done, Nick related all that he had learned in his work on the case. Then he said : ' It now remains for you to furnish what further informa tion is needed. You have been shielding someone ?' . ' Yes.' ' Who is now dead ?' 1 ' Yes !' with a great sigh. ' ' Your sister ?' ' My half-sister.' ' Leone Antonelli ?' Ethel nodded. ' Brayton Russel's wife ?' Again she merely nodded. ' Why did you shield and aid a murderess ?' ' She was no murderess.' ' She killed her husband ?' ' But she was irresponsible. The woman was a maniac.' After much persuasion, Ethel was induced to tell the whole story. Bray ton Russel had met Leone Antonelli on one of the latter's visits to the Grays in Paris. The result was a secret marriage and the birth of a child. Then the young mother be came a raving maniac, and was shut up in a mad-house. Russel's valet, the secret husband of Miss Ethel's maid, had found a woman who un dertook the care of the child for a stipulated sum until its father should be ready to claim it or make other rrange regents for the boy s fnture. f \v ny s rh £ X the existc lc i the s <_iet ? askea Nick. ' Neea you ask. since vou know so much about the danger which threa tened the existence of every Del Puente heir ?' was Ethel's response. ' Tell me why you were willing to shield this mad woman even at the sacrifice of your own life ?' ' First, because she was my half- sister, and I loved her. Second, be cause I promised our mother on her death-bed, when she revealed to me the relationship ot Leone, that I would keep this sister's birth — her very existence — a secret, as well as that of the child, until after the claims of the Del Puente Estate had all been allowed. Everything might have gone well had not Leone escaped from her keepers in France.' ' Ah ! She has been at large for some time, then ?' ' Yes. In her madness she had but one desire — to escape and kill Bray ton Russel for taking her child away from her. Gradually she grew bet ter, and her physicians believed she was rapidly returning to a state of permanent sanity. They accorded her the liberty which in her mad cunning she plotted to get, and when the opportunity came she escaped. The asylum authorities informed Russel of the escape. He sent for me, because he knew I was the only person who was fully informed of all the facts in the history of his unfor tunate marriage. It was I who met him a month before his death, and was driven to the Pennsylvania rail way station.' ' Why did you go to New York ?' 'To be there "when the French steamer arrived next day. Mr Rus sel believed she would come direct to America, and might be a passenger on that steamer. He hoped I would be able to identify her, even if she was in disguise, and succeed in gett ing her to remain quietly with her grandmother, Mrs Antonelli, until he could meet her there and make his peace with her.' ' You met her there ?' 'No.' ' She was not on the steamer ?' ' Yes. But saw me first, and eluded me.' ' Well, then what ?' ' I never heard of her till— till the day of the tragedy. She then sud denly appeared in my room, and ap peared to be perfectly sane and ra tional. All she desired, she said, was to find the hiding-place of her child.' ' You didn't tell her ?' ' No, because I didn't know.' ' Well, go on.' ' I was called away from the room for a few minutes. When I returned she was gone. At the same time I missed the stiletto which Dr Jerome had given to me. Then I feared she had designs on her husband's life. It was to warn him that I called on him early on that fatal evening. ' After I left the Covington on my return, I suddenly discovered that I had dropped one of my gloves in Mr Russel's room, and I sent, as I sup posed, my maid back for it. When I got home and saw Fanchon there, and heard her story of the woman who had threatened her with a stiletto and compelled the surrender of the cloak, I anticipated the terrible result. ' You know what happened when Leone returned to the Covington in the guise of my maid. Had I not sent her, she would undoubtedly have left me before I reached home and returned without an excuse.' ' ' Where did she go after the crime was committed ?' ' I don't know. She remained somewhere in hiding in Washington, for she visited me here in this house several times afterwards, coming and going like a ghost.' ' Ah, yes ! The dav we heard that pistol-shot in your room ?' ' I tried to detain her, with my father's help. She was armed, and fired that shot at my father. Then she kept us both under cover of her weapon, and compelled father to send you all away when you came to the door to see what h v i ' She was also the sewing girl who went to your room the night of your flight ?' . ' Yes. She was hidden behind the bed when Marie Boutelle and I entered the room. She heard Marie reveal the fact that she had Russel's child in her possession, and saw her show me the face in the locket, heard her ofter to deliver the child to me for a certain sum of money ; also heard her threaten to turn the boy over to his deadly enemies as a last resort. Itwas at that point that the maniacal mother sprang from her place in hiding upon the victim and crushed the life out of Marie Boutelle in less than a minute. I was so horror-stricken that I fainted. When I revived she was gone, and the dead body lay there on the floor. Realising my awful dilemma, I fled. Fate so directed my steps that I overtook Leone on the street. Her strength was nearly gone. Nothing but pity filled my heart lor her. I called a carriage, and we were driven to the station in time to catch a train for New York. I took her direct to her grandmother's, where you saw her— dead— the day after- we arrived.' . ' ' Miss Gray, you have one of these rings ?' asked Nick, holding up the snake ring on his watch-chain. ' I have three of them.' Her answer was wholly unex pected.' ' Three ?' ' Yes. One is Mr. Cobden's, as I suppose you know. Another was given to me by my mother, when she told me its history, and swore me to secrecy : it was the joint property of Leone and myself. Ana the third — ; T WaA ton Ras el s bo I\ when li \a Taken by Leone ? \es. She had it when she died.' ' How do you know she took the ring ?' ' Leone died perfectly sane, and related to me all that occurred on that tragic night when she went back to the Covington. She found Russel asleep in his chair, and he never knew whose hand it was that deprived him of life.' ' Asleep !' ' Yes. He complained of being drowsy before I left him, in spite of the startling news I took to him.' ' Do you know why he had sent for Navarro that night ?' ' Yes. To ask the senor plainly whether his mission to the United States was not somehow connected with the Del Puente estate. He strongly suspected as much.' ' There is nothing now left to clear up in all this mystery except to dis cover Navarro's motive in giving Russel that drugged cigar,' said Nick. ' Dragged — the cigar drugged !' gasped Eunice. ' Yes. That is , why his insane wife found him helpless and at her mercy when she entered his rooms. That the cigar was drugged can easily be shown. Miss Eunice, you have the part of that cigar which was not consumed. Will you bring it to me ?' Eunice's face expressed great sur prise at the detective's knowledge of that one of her secrets, but she did not stop to ask any questions. A few minutes later Nick held in his hand the stump of that cigar, for the possession of which he had declared to Superintendent Byrnes he would give one thousand dollars. ' Chick, I want you to smoke the remainder of this cigar, in the cause of justice.' , Chick complied without a word of objection, and the effect was what Nick had expected. In twenty minutes Chick was under the in fluence of the drug. ' I must arrest the only living parties to this great conspiracy, and discover exactly what part they have had in the four deaths which have come out of it,' said Nick. 'You mean Senor Navarro and his wife ?' said Paul Cobden. ' Exactly.' But neither the senor nor his wife ever fell into Nick's official hands. When he called at their residence in Second-street an hour later, the house was found closed. The birds had flown. The Navarros escaped to South America, and news has just reached Superintendent Byrnes that Inez had died from an attack of yellow fever at Rio Janeiro less than one month ago. With her death is removed any possible benefit to Navarro which might come from the death of any of the Del Puente heirs. There are but three of those heirs alive now to claim the vast estate in Spain next December ; Ethel Gray, whose, likeness to her unfortunate- half-sister once deceived the greatest detective in the United States ; Paul Cobden, and the son of Brayton Russel and Leone Antonelli. Paul and Ethel will be married before they sail next winter for Spain to take possession of their joint two-thirds of the princely wealth. Eunice Gray has assumed the guardianship of Brayton Russel's orphaned son, and is giving him the great love of her heart which went out to the father while he was alive. Mr. Gray has fully recovered his health and his normal physical pro portions. He and Eunice, accom panied by little Leon Russel, Fan chon Boutelle, and her husband, who have entered Mr. Gray's service, will sail for Europe immediately after the marriage of Paul and Ethel, to be absent on ' the urand tour ' for several years. Mr. Gray has never got over his passion for travel, and after the tragic events of their last winter in Wasmngton. he and Eunice I l a .specs.' i % £ 5 they can only find in a constant cnange of place. Both Nick Carter and Superinten dent Byrnes feel satisfied with the - outcome of the great conspiracy. It ' would have been more satisfactory' td them, perhaps, could Dr. Jerome and his female confederate have beeri brought to justice and made to pay the penalty of their crimes on the scaffold. But when they consider that such an outcome would have made public all the troubles and sorrows which nearly crushed out life and happiness for Ethel Gray, they are reconciled to that which came to pass. Thus the Del Puente conspiracy comes to an end with only three living descendants to claim the eccentric old don's billions, but the three promise to prove most worthy heirs, who will not misuse the mighty power which their Monte Cristo possessions give them. And when Nick Carter goes to Spain he will not have to build a castle there, for one will be in waiting there to receive him as a most welcome guest. THE END. 