E ..A SALT-WATER ROMANCE. ByjVV;. CLABK 'RUSSELL, Author of "The ■ Golden Hope," A Sea Queen;"The Wreck of the Grosvenor," "-The Frozen-Pirate;" " The Death Ship," " The Good Ship Mohock," &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. . • : . All rights reserved.] Chapter XIV.—The Floating Body. In these same seas_ in which the Queen was sailing in the year, in the month, nay in the week in which that barque had been seized, a motherly, lubberly old black brig was flapping and rolling along at the gray of day.. She stole out in all her'fat and homely proportions as the light grew, brightening upon her and sheeting the sea to her tall black beam in a pale tremble of- macktrel'. gleams and bright slate out of the far north-east. No beauty was she, yet as good as a line of battleship for a drifting boat to fall in with, and this'thought was in the mind of: the mate,_ Mr. Hardy, a3 he stood at the.starboard rail abreast of the little binnacle-box, and with, folded arms sur veyed the scene of ocean slowly opening to its most desolate recesses.' Mr. Hardy was a stoqt short jrfan with an incomparable'leering blue eye-; his eyes leered, but heknew'it hot, .and the. effect was good when, his business- was solemn. He . had the face, of the born comedian, '/'arch, dry, the whole' fabric'..of 'the .lineaments-.set .slightly aiVTy j, he.was burnt up.by the'sun,.and his MoSe'was so' coated with adhesive Jmemb'rahe fthat as "the light broadened the feature gleamed towards the' rising :sun fas"though '■ it were sheathed in a purse'of coating of finely-" •wrought mail; 'He was wrapped up in a weatner- bro'nzed monkey Jacket, and his head was protected, by a round ' hat of: colonial in vention. His trousers, tight at'the hips, fell like'the mouth- of a ehurch-'bell to his: feet,' which were cased in'-shoes-'decorated with bows. A sea-dog! ' Rubicund, with the grog blossom,-but a bit of a_ sea-dandy too, for perhaps no man afloat in that year of our salvation would have deliberately bought him self a . pair of shoes with bows and gone to sea to stand fine weather watches in them. No sooner had the shadow of the earth rolled off the north-east corner of the deep than a whistle thrilled along the decks of the little ship; and in a minute or two a dozen of livelies" variously attired tumbled up and tumbled along to receive the bucket and the scrubbing -brush, whilst the'head pump rang through the drowsy morningair to the grip of the nimble hero who sprang to it. But not all the scrubbing brushes then at sea nor the many tons of holystone cruising about the world could- have -whitened": those decks or made that little brig look sweet and young." She had very. .high, bulwarks painted green inmde.-ibisHhS-ifEreeii^was faded, it was starry and cracked^with'the blisters of_ the heat; she had a Uttle:cab'qbse; painted white, and whilst1 Mr. Hardy watched . the chimney of that mimic Idt'ch'eh 'poured forth smoke. She had two lubberly,.:; jolly/, boats, chocked under wooden: davits; they ;were all of one family. Very nttbiig! indeed wh? .their resemblance to their - mother,., and - the .old "woman carried them ;aS "if she was dftefi'tiiinking of them. Abaft'the 'ealley was'stowed ,a.;fine whaling boat. ? Right amidships,' -.'.betiwx't.-:. the old fashioned: -binnacle stand "'and .'the low, flat,. half-smothered 'skylight .stood" a nine pounder- cannon ■ securely 'seized to'ringbolts. But aloft' all was well; the' invited eye was pleased ; the sails were white and shapely, the. masts carefully stayed, the standing rigging well set up; the ratlines ruling the shrouds as though neivly seized. In short you could not look long aloft without suspecting that some gentleman who had seen service in the Royal Navy might ppssibly be within earshot. Strange that such an idea should occur, for that gentleman was not only close to but actually .coming on deck at that moment, and asMri-Hardy took a step forward to obtain a critical view of the forerdyal whose halliards, he was thinking, wanted another small pull now that daylight fdisclosed'the brig there emerged stooping through the shabby com panionhood just before the gun a hearty figure of a stouter bulk than Mr. Hardy, dressed in a naval cap, a suit of dungaree, and a cheek shirt. The person was Commander Boldock, R.N., a man with a huge face of scarlet flesh in the midst of'which sparkled twp good-humored grayeyes. His head was disproportioned; it belonged to a giarit; his mouth, his 'teeth, .his ears, "whatever grew above his throat Lili putianised the rest of him. His friends feared that lie" had water on the brain. The ill naturedj however, called it whisky and water. It was sure you saw by his hue at once that he loved his drop, and indeed this very morning youfnight swear that he had brought it with' him out of his cabin; since the mstantrhis immense face, brilliant with sweat, / showed itself above the companion-way a faint scent of rum entered the light breeze and blew over the rail to leeward. ' . "When.-he was-on deck- lie' returned Mr. Hardy's salute, then • looked aloft at the spread of sail, then round upon the sea, then took a survey of the man at the little wheel, and stepping over tb Mr. Hardy exclaimed in a hoarse, deep voice that seemed to perpetually complain with an odd note of remonstrance— "Light airs, light airs, nothing but light airs ih these heavens.'" ' - . " And I don't' see' any more wind in sight," said Mf- Hardy, leering at the weather hori<|dn.:• "Commander Boldock, setting his legs apart, locked 'his arms behind him and gazed at the little brig and at the scene of "washing down decks." Presently he exclaimed,' "Mr. Hardy." "Sir." . ' - "How absurd now to call this brig the ' Wellesley.'" "Ah, indeed," said Mr. Hardy, with a.dry leer'at the hull. . "But as ashore; so at sea,"- continued the commander hoarsely and deeply. " Tlih lower you look the more high-falutin' you find 'em. "When Queen Victoria—may heaven bless her!"—the commander turned his faceup to the main truck—."come to' the throne every cook-wench "gave her brat .the Sovereign's name;' Mr. Hardy, could you send your linen to wash -to a woman who'd been/christened Victoria?" ., - • "Do you put it as a question .of the respect that's owing, without; regard to the party's capacity of betting up linen ?" " I was talking of this brig," said the com mander stiffly in 'his deep remonstrant note. " Why should they have called her the Wel lesley when they had their choice in Ann and Jane and Susan?' '" -What'sthat' out therej: sir ?' "interrupted Mr. Hardy, peering and leering on a sudden over the edge of the tall rail at the sea on the weather bow, where the water was flowing with a look of blue'silk shot with the' morning lights. ■ '*■ ; : •' • • The commander went' to . the rail'and like wise peered and stared; he caught .the object in_a breath—whisky or no .whisky Boldock ■roiled the vision of a hawk in his sockets—and • fell a dodging it under the sharp of hishand.' -' "Wliy, ' says he, after a minute or two, "I : do believe—I do believe——" then breaking off. "Mr. Hardy, be so good as to hand me the glass." ' ' 7 ' The mate unshipped a heavy long' brass telescope off its brackets under.the companion hopd and bore it with both*hands to'the com mander, who laid it like a piece of artillery upon the rail and put his eye to it; as-though sighting some object he meant to destroy. He looked, puffed, removed his eye and dried it, looked again, and then cried out— ' ' . "Why, by heavens, Mr. Hardy, it's the body of a woman, and a white woman ! And she appears to be gagged—what can'that be over her mouth-?' He looked again.' '"'Her hariris floating out from her bead liko ink from a gal lied cuttlefish. Look for yourself." And whilst Mr.' Hardy was looking Com mander Boldock told the man at the wheel tp put his helm over so as tb bring the'object almost'directly ahead. ' ' ■ "Eh, Mr. Hardy!" he exclaimed in his deep-sea voice, "isn't she a woman ? Tsn't she white?- Don't she look alive ?"' "She positively breathes—but it's the motion of the sea," answered Mr. Hardy, keeping his eye glued to the glass. \- "We'll make a little call yonder and ask ;a> few questions^"; said the commander.' "Let the men -knock off washing down. Stand by to back your main- topsad, .and swing that starboard^boat there over the side."- ' ' The brig slowly drove down and "all the people who could see over the side kept their eyes fastened upon the floating object. It was strange to meet' sucli a sight as tliat; ripon the wide sea hundreds of milesfrom.land. "It's a dead body," said Mr. Hardy. "A person must be dead to float," "In 1832,"saidCommander'Boldock, "when I.was second of the 'Venus,' we picked up a man off the CapB of Good Hope. He was alive and had been overboard two days and; in all that while he had floated on nothing but his own carcoise. We afterwards proved.tne truth of his story by finding his ship in Table Bay." "It'was wonderful,''said Mr. Hardy, look ing at the body on the sea. How came silence, .which was. presently broken by Commander Boldock ordering the topsail to be laid aback'. The brig came to a halt, rolling clumsily upon the subtle -under: swell of that beautiful morning; ocean. By this time one of the plump quarter-floats had been lifted out of her chocks and now dangled ready for .lowering at the ends: of her im mensely thick wooden davits. A boat's crew stood by; Commander Boldock and Mr. Hardy gazed, over the side. ] . The body, as the long brass telescope-had before determined, was a female's; arid a-very fine figure; of a ivcftnan the commander thought it looked, as it slightly rose and. fell with the light azure wrinkles of the water .trembling in sobs to it. The loose arms, waved with, the motion of the water as though that, mid-oceari sleeper appealed for peace or help. The dark hair, clouded off- in " a. .soft gloomy mass close under-the blue .surface.-: A gag. of- some sort .concealed the mouth,: ... . ri , "I don't kuoiv-that.she can* be. alive," said •the-commander inyhis rlioars^ .deep, . .remon-' strating voice, "frith that thing. tied round' .her,breathing-apparatus.''.', •! " May be her nostrils-ride . clear,?' , said. Mr. Hardy,-leering.: r.'.ri; "•Then go and bring beri on board,?'said the coinmander.. "She shall have a■ chance for her life, and if she's, dead we,-will bury; her decently." . ' ■ • The boat sanlq the oars flashed, in-a minute or two Mr. Hardy:was alongside the floating woman. ' They used extreme caution, guessing that a tap from an oar or a sea put in motion by-the boat might sink the body. Two sailors leaned over, _ and the lubberly tub of. a , boat leaned too with a pretty sparkle of her bilge to the sun as she raised it with- the brine. Grasping the body with their fishhooks of fingers the Jacks tossed it aboard soaking arid streaming like a thunder shower.' It-was then laid in the stern sheets and the boat made for the brig. Whilst this-was doing Mr. Hardy pulled out a sharp clasp-knife and cut away the gag. ' She had good features, but she was ghastly to horror's own degree in that search: mg light owing to the eyeballs showing like slips of china betwixt the lids and to the lips being almost pale as the cheeks through com pression of the ligature. -The apparel was very s'carity, consisting, so far' as Mr.: Hardy'coula make out, of a dressing , goivn over a flannel petticoat: arid a woman's ordinary night clothes. Her feet were naked—very pretty little feet they were, Mr.Hardy'.thought; doubtless ■they had beerislippei-ed when'the poor creature ■ for some ' murderous motive or other had.beeri sent adrift... ---^ V ' "ri" l. v "It; looks ;fo 'me," exclaimed- Mrri-Hardy, gazing- up. at thecbininauder, whose.immense roasted fa'cebverlihrigiig the- rail was' reflected in;the smooth water1 as though;itiad-been the" moon, "as.iNthere.had. been some piratical business on down here, sir." "Bring her aboard—bring her. aboard," ex claimed the - commander,- stiffening liis figure and seriding- a look round the ocean with'.a riian-of-war's man's sniff;' In fact .the mere thought of it. whipped fifty new pulses'into' his sturdy shape.' ' ' ; They unshipped the gangway, and with that | sor't 'of reverence which ■ good |sailor3 will 'ex ; hibit towards the" dead (and more particularly towards those of the dead who-might-have J been mothers' wives, sisters, and sweethearts in this world) a few of the Jacks of the brig " Wellesley" handed the'body aft and "with pains and patience down the narrow' cbm 2ianion ladder; • • "Trim, sail, Mr. Hardy,"-said Commander Boldock,- "then come below and let'me have ybur opinion?' > • . .' ' - ' The cabin of the "Wellesley" was wtorthy. | of her. It was dim and faded ; it was like the* back . parlor' of some; old-fashioned.' London coffee-house; -not hard to people "with marine, ghosts'; • indeed they grew upon the eye*' of imagination as orie looked, being alone in that little cabin with-no :sound to disturb'" bnri'but themurmur of water outsideand tbesqneak of a' rat in ,the depths. PHmflbm salts in pig-tails arid round hats would., take their seats at that short black pale table agle.am with use. They > iriurmuiricl; tales: in7.:gb6si-like 'voices of the vanished/past; they rebuilt the old East India man* tb the vision and she-floated, large, lofty, and shining f: they •' recalled the hurrickne chorus of the forecastle Saturday -flight, "and they made you aslc with Wordsworth " Where is it now the glory and the dream?" ?*-: Two middle-sized cabins were seated-tmder the wheel. The body of. the woman was cafried into the port cabin, ,the starboard berth being, the commander-'s, and very tenderly "laid ripori a looker. . The men who had brought her below' stood off whilst- Commander Boldock.:drew' close to peer into Ihe face that looked cbld and hard as granite. ■. . "This Iseenis a ease of murder," said the commander, apparently thinking aloud. • "Beg pardon,-your honor," said'one.of the seamen, touching his forehead, a homely, middle-aged, good-natured sailor, with a Lime house look and a hand of yellow oakum dang ling at his chin, " that body's not 'been long in the water." " /" . "How do you know ?" said the commarider, whipping his great face round ripori him sharp and eager. , i" I'll swear it by the color of the skin, sir.?'. " Would you thinkshe's alive; then;Adams?" said the commander. ' ' , ' "Yes,'sir." *. * ; ' . ,: "What shojLdd: be done, then?' said,,Boi doolc complainingly. "If you have any know ledge of this sort of tiling ..turn' to. I'd not have her die'upon our hands after saving her life." The shoes arid bell-sliaped legs of Mr. Hardy fluttered in the corripariiori-- ivay and down came the whole man. • , , . . | " Adarbs thinks she may be alive," said the commander. ■' ' . ri *'' I .'"She's got to be dried and wrapped in blankets first of all," said Mr. Hardy, after taking a short but earnest view of the facfej "and then' artificial respiration might, be at tempted. What d'ye say, Adams ?' --- ; " " That's it,' sir. And perhaps a'spopnful of rum to lie at the back of the throat wouldn't hurt." . • ' "Then heave ahead," said Commarider Boldock. : It spemed a hopeless .undertaking,.but these' brorized and blunted children of . the brine knew very well with Horatio Nelson that at sea nothing is impossible and nothing improbable —a maxim that should ever be the philosophy or British sea affairs. ' Comriiander'-Bpldpck looked on; Ifo. Hardy and Adams did'the work.- . They stripped to their shirts, for it was mighty hot in that .little cabin, and first they dried her and they then wrapped her up-in a blanket, and then they got Adams's :pres'orip tion of ruin betwixt Her lips and proceeded :to artificially inflate the lungs. They'rolled; her on this side, theri.pn-that, then over,'thenbrick again; Adams seemed to knowhis business.: "It might take two hours," ; said . Mr. Hardy, with the sweat, running like tears down his face. . . . . . . "; ' "Keep all on," said ComrrianderBoldock, deeply interested, '£ I wish I could fist her as you do. r. I'll tell you' what,. -Mr.' Hardy, under the good God?s eye we'll warp her back to the moormg buoy she's been, cut from. The longer you live the more you'll find.the miracu lous in everything,* for if that lady wasn'tfloat ing in our course expressly to be picked lip that ..breaui might be kneaded into her what 'was it doiugin our road?".• ' "She.ain't dead," said Adams. . . w.-"-I believe the mrin's right,' sir,", said -Mr. Hardy, as -he geritly drove the - body'-towards the bulkheads, for Adams to drive back^ again.1" " If she.comea to it'll be the gag that saved her life, .-sir," said , Adams,. .feeling himself entitled under- the circumstances to- bej loquacious; "itstopped the water from flow ing into her mouth.' ... _ • . "Had to realise a live body floating though, all, the .same,''''said Mr. Hardy, letting go a minute to'wipe his face. V* " " " "She * looks fresh," exclaimed ■ 'the com mander! " ;; * " That's; my. meaning, sir;" said Adams, " I'll swear by her color she ain't been more than four or five hours overboard." • " "What she belongs to may be in sight," exclaimed the commander. "Don't let go of her, .Hardy," he -continued,-in- his-deep. re monstrating voice, "until you're both cocksure it's all up,.-' I'd like to; hear her yarn, too, and what happiness to restore so pleasing a figure to this theatre of life! I'll look in on ye again soon,".. l" 1 He went out and trudged up the steps. " Jump, aloft a;haud and report anything in sight," he called out." V A mqn sprang into the fore-shrouds, and as nimbly as though he had' been hoisted with a fun gamed 'the royal-yard and stood holding by.'the truck carefully sweeping the .sea. His white .'trousers trembled against the blue' and the figure all that way up looked like a toy sailor, something clean,'' and. brightly painted out'of a, box,, just the object for a hoy to fix in the stern sheets of his little boat; yet a real man's deep bass voice floated down from the heights after a few.minutes, during which the diminished'sharif had been strenuoudy.eyed by Commander Boldock. Nothing in sight! Those high- perched eyes had sunk down deep beyond the sensible horizon of the deck and ....... ..xn,,v,rr in oirrVitv The little brie was stemming 'quietly into the heart of the mighty Pacific solitude, the only object afloat perhaps foe hundreds of leagues! The man stayed on' the yard and • sought the remote liquid confines again for any gleam of star light canvas that* he might 'cast a light of .satisfaction on. tliat large bland moon of red face-that continued upturned at' him upon the quarter-deck. ; To . no , purpose. • There • was nothing in sight, rintf so down ; he came on the royal backstay, enlarging as lie grew like a •desceridirigTark out of the speck-it . makes till he leapt, a man;to the eye, off the bulwark rail. ' '■ Where the dickens, thought the commander, has that body come from? How long' has it been in-the water?:' Why. was she gagged? He took a number of turns upon his quarter deck, deeply musing. Presently the scent of fried ham penetrated his nose, and the steward came out of the, little galley bearing the cabin breakfast.. .' ' " , . .'''Send theobo'sun aft," called the com mander. . " A short main with strong whiskers and a whistle. Hanging at his'neek came briskly from the forecastle. ■ .' • ."Watch the brig, Mr. Stubbins, -will you?' said: tlihcommander, in tones as though 'he were remonstrating .with the man, "whilst Mr. Hardy trios to roll the breath of life" into thebody. below. Do you know any thing about the treatment of the drowned?" "When a man's picked up drowned," said the boatswain, who was very tbiek of speech, looking a'skant.at his captain as though he sus pected - one" more "dry joke in 'this 'voyage, " ain't it';the-treatment to bury him ?" , ."It is clear you never walked the hospitals," said the captain. . • ' "Ay, sir, as a ho'ut-door patient." ' Watch the brig, if you please, Mr. Stub bins, "jmd the c'onuriarider went below. It was hot in ;the cabin; the little yawn of BkyHght fetched no air in ; the windows were scuttles of the diameter of a saucer. . The com mander found the atmosphere a little oppres sive when he got. to .the -bottom of the'ladder, not perhaps" because', of the temperature, to which he; was. used, -nor -because- of .thebeat that seemed, .to' be. increased; by. the! strong smell of fried bacon,; but because of the ad jacency of a body-which, might he dead! Even sailors .know moments -, of. squeamishness. .Tack, in; spite of the. harness cask and' the bread barge, <enjoys his.qualma as well as another. - ...'■ ' . The commander turned his back upon .the breakfastrtable and looked into the cabin where the body lay. The two men wore at that instant bending over the woman with up lifted hands,' in attitudes of rapt and ravished attention. A sound as of a sign, very delicate and r faint,-; reached Boldoek's ears. Good heavens ! could ithe the utterance of the brig strained by. some.passing swell, or— ■ Mr. Hardy turned, saw the commander, and 'exclaimed in a heavy whisper, - "She's breath ing." • ...... Very slow was'this return to life and the bacon had long turned pale in the cabin before the nameless figure lay an unconscious butrest fuffy breathing; woman.' It not their _ man handling that did it';' it was wonderful indeed that the trembling flame of life - had not been promptly extinguished by Mr. Hardy's and the seamen's well-meaning thrusts, and heave hcs and kneadings. Commander Boldock •thought lie understood how it happened she was alive! • "' • : :_ ' 'tin jfaet, Mir. - Hardy," said he,."whilst the three-stood beside, the bunk looking alt the woman, "she never could have been drowned."! "So it should seem," sir;" "said-Mr. Hardy, a! little weak da" the' voice with-his 'long-arid/ splendid lab'Or.- ': •' .' -; v> i . ' i " This "gag "saved" her life," said the. com-. 1 mandeiy: ta)kuig - the- thing1 off-a-locker and' examining- its' /"It wasr-made' with devilish amming- . cunning. Hook' here at this amidship knob for filling: the'mouth, -What's the stuff ? I be lieve it-is farmed of a couple - 6f pocket-hand kerchiefs stitehed- together. Yes,-oy George continued the 'commander, turning the thing about. "And seehere, Hardy," he exclaimed' in a; cry,'deep' with . excitement, "a. name, man, a name! .What is it?" . They peered, together, Adams alongside looking on, and the woman breathing quietly, though you could hear -her in that pause. It was easy to'read—" Dike Caldwell." '-'We'll dry this gag and carefully put it away as evidence," said Boldock. \ "It may help us to hang a man who' is too -wicked to exist in a world in which sailors live!" ' ' '•"Extraordinary, to me, sir,' said Adams, "'aving her.'ands free she didn't try,-and tear off the gag; the struggle 'ud have sunk her." "Proof positive,"; said the ' commander, "that. she was in a swoon when she was launched. She's a .fine looking young woman -upon my-word."- • He stepped close, to the bunk and looked at her/ The-blood, was beginning just a little to tincture the white -lips, but their-color was still ghastly. Her eyes, however, had come to I their bearings. .-/The. - fringes were apart >nd: the sleeper seemed; to .look- through 'them; the balls of vision ryer.e clear .'arid bright.. The mass of wet rags'of haif streamed/off;'from. her. head upon the bolster and blanket. ' ; ; y ilpon my-word," exclaimed Boldock, turn ing to, thefwo men,.his large sun-colored face beaming witli heart-felt satisfaction, " I'would not have missed, having,had a hand in this "job far all the. pay.I am, going to get'till I die." 