BY TWENTY: AUTHORS. No,. 15.—'The Haven Rock, A STRANGE ADVENTURE ON THE . IRISH COAST. - • BY TV. TV. I E N N, Author of "A Dead Lock with a Skeleton Key," "The Testimony of Hugh: Mer riday, &c.; A COMPLETE STORY.' [Published by' special arrangement with the author.. All rights reserved.] No map of Ireland gives the name of'the spot, it is too insignificant, but run your eye along the coastline, say from Cork to Galley Head and Cape' Cleak and you will have an idea of. the locality. ■ On one of the many precipitous headlands, known as the Raven Rock, dark apd frown ing, amidst deep inlets and much resounding caves, stood, forty years ago, the ruins of an erstwhile castle stronghold. , During the great rebellion of 1642-3 it had successfully •withstood a siege laid to it by a rebel chief. The . sufferings, however, of fthe Royalist garrison were direful in the extreme. The legend ran that when starvation stared them in the face a brave girl stole forth under cover of night in the hope of securing provisions, but being captured was ruthlessly hanged next morning in sight of the castle and of course her spirit had haunted the spot ever since. Thus the castle fell into that romantic'and picturesque state of ruin in which I discovered it. This I did on a fine September afternoon 'after a_ four miles' walk from the town of BaUy-Narack, where business had taken me, and which being now finished gave me a day or two's leisure to enjoy the wild and romantic scenery. The Raven Rock with ; its crown of battlemented towers formed the western horn of the bay into which I had merged. A descent through a wild glen beside the rushing stream making its channel to the' sea_ and with a straggling nest of shanties at its mouth had conducted me to the shore. Amongst the group of peasants gathered round a fishing-boat which had just been beached there stood a man whose dress and appearance proclaimed him no native. He' was watching the unloading of the boat of its freight of fish and looked so completely out of ?lace that I could not fail to observe him; . As _ did so more closely it struck me I had seen J him before, but where? I could not tell, but certainly not in that part of the world. He looked like some Jewish dealer in bric-a-brac ■ from Wardour-street and as I had onlylatelyl come from London it must have been in that locality that I had seen him. t . . I wandered away across the sands towards the ruin. Much fascinated by its beauty, 11 sat me down to make a sketch of it. When I this was finished as the tide was out I scrambled round the headland and so opened up_ another fine picturesque stretch of coast. Still moving forward, for the second time 11 rested and made another sketch of the opposite J view of the castle. This occupied a long while, I during which the sun had gone down behind I me in a sea of glory, and even as I worked the •full moon rose out.of the east, towards which 11 was looking. Engrossed with the drawing, I 'quite forgot the lapse of time, and it was only I the rapid approach of night which "at length! aroused me to the fact that I was far from I home; Returning by the way I had come to my dismay the'incoming tide had cut me off. I In order to escape from the bight of coast where I found myself I must scale the castle cliff itself to regain the other side. Here it was not very precipitous, and about half-way up there opened out aflat, deep ledge on the face of the cliff.. _ At its further end was the entrance to what in the twilight looked like a I cave, though. thickly masked by creepers and I underwood, .and shut in on either side by walls of crumbling rock. / Just before I reached it, however, my foot-1 steps were_ arrested and my blood turned to I ice by a piefcing shriek or wail close behind I me, but turning round no one was to be seen. Yet it was like a woman's voice, perfectly I human,^though inexpressibly weird. 'I stood! still, amazed, and I think my heart stood still I also, [as the next instant the shriek was re-1 peated, now higher up the cliff, just beneath the ruins themselves, which stood out, frown-1 ing, dark, and irregular against the moonlit! sky. Ere there was time to think as I stood j gazing upwards, with beads bursting out oh my forehead, there came across the quiet air'a I third wailing cry, and I plainly saw the figure of a woman, as dark as the gloom of the ruins! from which she emerged, approach the cliffj[edge I immediately above me. Her movements were | rapid, and lifting her arms and waving' them I downwards towards me, as'if to forbid my I further ascent, she called out, in the same high key as her wail— ' j", . I "Go back! go back ! come not nigh.thial place; better to die in the surging sea than I to tempt the death which awaits you nere 1" J However wild 'and uncivilised this part of I the country, however full of superstition and I fhostly traditions, the people might be, they I ad not so far infected me as to arouse the idea I that I was in the presence of the supernatural. I Uncanny and startling as was this apparition, I did not for amoment believe that it was the I spirit of the: girl supposed to haunt the scene I of this her cruel execution,,No, it waBawoman I of flesh and blood. As I questioned the mean-1 ing of her words she passed on, still waving I her arms in that forbidding action, and arriv-1 ing at the point of the promontory disappeared I asif she had flung herself into the sea. I Danger? "What danger could there be? True, J I speedily discovered that » further ascent of | the cliff was impossible. Steep wall-like rook hemmed me in on all sides save that by which I I had come up, and below this the sea had now | begun to boil and sluice. Thus all retreat was cut off. I should have to stay where I was till I the tide should ebb. -Still there was no danger I in that. It was a lovely-soft night, I was my ! own master, and after all a.walk home in the I early morning would be no serious hardship. I scouted the idea of danger arid coiled myself i -up oh some of the drying fern in the hollow of I that seeming :cave. / I lighted a pipe arid ere I long began to dose. I An hour may have elapsed. Then I grew! restless and turning was startled by seeing a ! dim light in the farther depths of "this dark cavity. Curiosity arid surprise induced .me I presently to grope my way a few feet into trie cave and then the light was very apparent. It} appeared to come through ,a crack of boarding'! and another step or two forward brought my f groping hands in contact with a small rough' door. Immediately peeping through the crack I whence the light snone I beheld ' a ourious | spectacle — astonishing under any circum-1. stances, but in this yvitd, lonely place simply I baffling,explanation.' The rough door formed' the entrance to a low-arched, chamber, pro-.! bably one of the dungeons of the castle just above it. But if such a discovery was surpris-1 ing the contents of the vault werestill moreso. | Illuminated by a quaint hanging lamp every-T thing was plainly revealed. At one side a long table covered with strange-looking jars and' bottles of various colors and shapes, together I with a mass of mysterious implements of iron arid wood, making altogether something like a combination of the contents of a chemist's laboratory and a carpenter's, workshop. To I the left of this bench was a stove bright arid ! glowing, arid further round the room were | other inexplicable arrangements, half like fur nace implements, half like builders' materials— a heap of white dusty stuff and a pile, of wood ! and charcoal. At the moment this extraofdi-' nary sight met my eye {I had only one against the crack) the apartinent was untenanted, but in a minute there entered from behind a hanging I piece of.thick gaudy tapestry an elderly man I with long grey hair and beard' falling over the upper part of a "kind of Eastern "robes, edged with bright cabalistic signs and figures. As he stepped into the room he was followed-by. a tall masculine woman,' dressed in a, dark gown with I a leather belt round her waist. Her black hair ! hung in ivild confusion round her temples and down her back. Her figure was-angular, I betokening great strength, and her unpre possessing face of deep plive hue. The two began to speak in low tones, but quite audible to my alert senses. ' .' ' "Look at that retort, Miame," said the man ; j "though . stay, fir3t tell me what: of the Gorgio ?' ; " I cannot say, father," the woman answered. I "He is in the hands of Pate.. He cannot' escape the overwhelming sea.: My warning drove him,, doubtless, into the arms Of the great green mother." • "Bah ! you were wrong not to have scared him ere he came so close."- " "I should, father, but that I took him to be Yascano in the distance—you expect him. to night?" . • 'Aye, aye ; but he would not have shown himself so near so early—the true Roinarie know how to, use the darkness. Listen, was not that Yascano's whistle? See to it." :. The woman disappeared. ' A little reflection first suggested that these people were gipsies and that I had come: upon their illicit whisky still. Many such abound to this day in various parts'of Ireland, and fifty years ago were far more common. Yet gipsies were not common, in the Emerald Isle, especially as whisky distillers, and the apparatus scarcely looked like that used, for such manufactures.' It was sorely puzzling and extremely exciting. ' - •' : ■ ; Meanwhile the'old man busied hirriself about , his laboratory until at the expiration of some five_ minutes. the woman reappeared frorii behind the curtain, accompanied now by—to be sure—the. very mari I had noticed that after noon by the fishing boat,. arid whose ap pearance so unpleasantly reminded me of Wardour-street. The first words he exchanged with the old grey, beard did not reach me, but the: two seemed , to be acquainted, and- he eyinced no surprise at finding; himself- in so strange a place. They conversed softly, but at last I h'eard the old man 'saving ex citedly—, . r ■■ "You, my son, should'not doubt the power of alchemy. You have that blood in your veins which stirred the earliest searchers after the great truths of the universe: You' have already reaped profit from the transmutation I have effected in. gold. The ruby, the sap phire, and the emerald, which I evolved from my intimate knowledge - of their component parts, have likewise told to your, advantage. Whv, therefore, doubt the agencies of this mighty stone? It -is' of the first water, be_ assured. It will stand any' test, ap Elied by the most skilled expert. I defy im-to distinguish it from the natural-pro duct of the mine. I have worked at the Great Mother works—with the same ingre dients—in the same proportions, even to the one-thousandth part of a grain. Her labora tory and mine are identical. I have wrung the supreme secret from her and by using her methods have produced the same results." He was holding up to the light an object the size .of a pigeon's egg. It sparkled brilliantly on 'one side and as he turned it to the other showed a rough and blackened surface like coal. The new comer took it and examined it carefully. ; Then he . said, with, a sarcastic chuckle and in the unmistakable tones of a vulgar Cockney— Looks all right enough so far, but y' know, Father Jacomb, it's no good your coming your hanky-panky talk to me. That's all bosh, so drop it. I know enough of jewellery to know no • chemistry or alchemy or any artificial dodges can turn out the genuine article. _ That I know, so, I say, drop it. The point is, will this stone pass muster ?. It ain't a real diamond and nothing can't make it one." "My son! my son!" interposed the other "No, nothing can't make. it one, I say. Eut if it passes that don't matter. The ruby and the othere are easy by comparison; they've dope all right I don't denv._ Eut coming, the charcoal trick for diamonds is a .very different caper. Still, there we are; we'll try, and this day three months, or thereabouts, you shall hear. But I rather funk it, so I tell you." ' "Haveno fear—haye'no fear," cried the old man. "Besides, it is no trick; it is pure and holy science." , The speakers moved to the other end of the apartment and for a while I lost their further talk. But I had heard _ and seen enough—the secret was out now—this was a spurious jewel factory. ' In those days the present successful imitations of precious stones'-, had not been reached, and efforts were still'made to produce real gems by the aid of alchemy,. the philoso pher's stone was still a dream, of fanatics, and this Father Jacomb doubtless was one. After awhile Mr. Vascano's accent was again audible. , • _ "Yes," said he,, "as some security I will take charge of those two little bars of gold, aud if they resist the test and pass for 18-carat they will cover our risks for . a time, though, mind you, we shall still be out'of pocket some Vmrtr?t*Of1o if f.Viin nnrVirm f.rnnlr "fail a hundreds if this carbon trick fails. Then there was more muttering and finally I could distinguish the words. • ; "1 mustbe in Cork by to-morrow night. I am off to the States for,a month or six weeks, and I shall pick up the next Cunarder; she is due at Queenstown about Wednesday morning, but I shall be home again by Christmas or soon after. You see, Jacomb, I shouldn't exactly have paid you this visit so Soon after my last 'cept for being able to take you on _my way to New York, for I don't relish this kind of tramping job a bit; it ain't in* my line, and I hate, this country a'most as bad' ad I. do the Yauks; But then; there it is"; my gov'nor makes me do- this dirty workj for he has con tracted to' supply a diamond a3 big as a pigeon's egg; as the saying is, by next June. I've got to see what I can pick up 'from some of your friends t'other side, though for, my part this walloper of yours seems likely to serve my dad's purpose. However, I'm not master, and now'I must be off. Aye, by-the-bye, I had almost, forgot—hasn't your Miame noticed a, stranger on the sands tins afternoon ? A young man passed down the village whilst I was ne gotiating- some herrings for my supper. You had best keep a sharp look-out, accidents will happens. The natives are as safe as ever— they shun the rivers like aipestilence, for the haunting bogle, as they calF it, scares, them. None of them have been high the place for yearsj but a stranger, and a Londoner as I take it .this youngster was, he won't funk the bogle." ; The old man and the woman here spoke in what I guessed to be Itomany. "Ah !" said Yasciino, " that's Dutch to nie and worse. No odds—mind what you're at— don't get blown upon,- and how, good-night. I must walk across the hills.and strike the road to Bally-Narack before the sun is up. It's bad going after the London pavements. Now let me out, missus." . . . ,; He turned and came straight towards my spyhole. I shrank aside inyoluntarily, think ing perhaps lie might be coming out that way, but the old man intercepted. ;'. . s. ' V ",No, no, that's hot an erit,. but the land has given way there 'and' we had to repair, the; masonry with boards." '' ..V;;, .'- V "Humph !_" said Yaseanp, "lucky you don't get many visitors' in these parts, or they might wriggle their way into your mine, Jacomb," and there was - a rapping and .' tappihg against the boards as if he-was testing their strength. It was a relief to hear -the voices retreating .once more,-but-when; I peeped, through the crack again all was in darkness. :. ' : ' ' I would have given worlds to watch the de parting visitor, but. I was a prisoner on that ledge. I retreated to the mouth of the cave and was about tp step out into the moonlight, when glancing up at the ruin I saw two figures emerge from its shadow, -woman and man. She pointed inland and he went his way, disap pearing over the hills towards the country. ~ Dawn; was mingling with the silver light and the tide was ebbing fast, so I was able at least to descend to the sand, but there was still too much water to admit of retreat round the headland. Then I bethought m'e;of trying to get out of the bay where I was imprisoned by clambering up from the shore at some distance from the castle cliff.: : This was not difficult .and soon I 'reached.; high ground away inland. A, rough moorland before me, trackless and uncultivated, but H know in which direction to steer for the road, to Bally Narack arid by the timAthe; misty sun was well above the horizon I had' struck'it. .\\... . Whilst finishing my- breakfast at the inn where I was staying and chancing' to look out into the street, who should I see mounting an outside car but the very Yaseano himself. ; He had evidently come out of; the stable yard and was .followed by the landlady bidding him civil adieus. Directly the car had driven away I went out and met her. "Do you know that person I enquired. ." Shuro now, sir, I've seen him before. He's a''inoighty unusual stranger to see in this forlorn country." . '.' But do yon know who he is ?' * "Like enough he'll be a man from England." : f Arid you've seen him before, you say ?" :. "Once'agon, maybe in six months,' when he travelled just as he's'doing now.; took a car just the same." 'f Did he sleep here last night ' "'Deed,-and I'd not like to say." ■ \- "But you surely know ..whether he slept in your house," I added,, looking straight at 'her.'--: ' ' , ' ;:': " Just like enough," said the buxom, slat ternly, good-looking dame, -with 'that evasion of'direct answer so characteristic;-,of the race. Then, she laughed and ■ m ade for the yard in response to a call,, so I thought I would keep my own'counsel for the present. ; My intention was to; wajk by easy stages to "Waterford, where a steadier would take me to Milford, Haven and horne. I had proposed leaving that very day^. but I now burned to pay another visit to those mysterious ruins and inspect" the place.,by; daylight. Starting eirly therefore the next day Iiov'ered the four miles in good time; and approached .the castle as I had left it—from, the high land. A great change of weather, however,; which had set in the' previous night' gave it a ;very different aspect. A strong south- west gale had sprung up and was increasing every minute. Heavy seas .were roaring around the. cliff, whilst the wild,'- ragged clouds streamed in mad haste across the heavens; ; AtlengthJstood. for the first time' ainong the actualruins. ' The teiripest howled arid whistled through them with a sound at . one moment; like deafening thunder and the next vvith wailing moans:arid cries as if the ghosts of a thousand shipwrecked mariners were shrieking for help s or.: seeking refuge amidst the crumbling walls. . , ; 'The scene was sublime—awful; , I strode out to the extreme verge of the promontory and turning squatted down on; some projecting rock. It formed: an', apology for a shelter, whence it was quite possible :to make , a rough' note of the scene on a sketching pad. ' It was a ticklish corner, arid nearly overhung the pre cipice, but with steady nerves, like mine I feared fab danger. '' 'v; .'••• "'... " Soon engrossed in sketching, I had no eyes or. thoughts for anything else^ , Herice.it was a minute perhaps before I was conscious that a sudden. pressure against the back of my left shoulder .was not due to tha Violent iwind. Brit as'.T half; glanced round' in; that.direction life was almost startled .out ;of • me' at. finding an arm" and hand striving-to shove me off my balance." In the instant I looked a tremendous jerk from it 'all but sent'me .headlong' over the cliff. ; But I Caught at tlie wrist'arid then be-1 held- .the. crouching form. of a woman' close behind me. Happily, however,-1 , retained my grip arid was upright, in" a second,; the woman clinging' fast, to meV arid " struggling violently still to push'me over. 'She hadseized the hack of'my collar with her other hand. but by.mam strength,Isivung round: with her,and we both fell in a heap on the.turf just beside the rocky projection. "You infernal, fiend,"-1 exclaimed. ."Let go or I'll choke the life out of .you," and as we again struggled to our feet, she striving to pull me towards the precipice, I-recognised the face and masculine form of the woman" Miame. She shrieked out somo imprecation and.for another minute or., so we swayed about-in a'deadly embrace. She had; the; strength of a tigress andljknow not how the contest might have ended but for my getting : S and stiilnng' her' a?tipmendpns;d>Ibw^^^ clenched fist straight'; between the; .evise.- >'Shflf;5 staggered,' and hateful >.as it 'seemba thto' W • iP assault at woman I followed up my-blow witM a second;"which settled .the. Bfi^essi'for it no doubt a Me or death struggle/; '-If I,h»i:nofrT • knocked the'senses' out /of her her ini^eipns^-.:- \ intention might have1 proved successful;! 'As::itfL?; was, there she lay, prone and helpless. ~ ^ "It was a narrow escape," said" the.peopla ; ■' at the inn, but considered by. all :ns'duetb'thev;-V supernatural. The bogle,: and the bogle only, j-' - was responsible, 0 Similar 'catastrophes •' h ad i;, M happened before, 'only the vii^mViwnb'sdughtlsJi to pry into her secrets; less lucky than I,;had,! never. returned to tell their; tale. Now? and i' again the body of one of them .had been seen. ■ at the foot of the cliffs—only one had beem. '■> recovered when floating off the headland, for none of the natives dared approach its snorer - or neighborhood within a mile... . - , Later in the day I found the constabulary?; even taking the same view,.' but ■ after mucar.-:\? persuasion and a full recital of aU I had seen/ and knew of the. place ; the ihspector agreed. to' : / take two of his men and accompany, me to thai' !. ruins the first thing the following morning, ... ,f •; . That night the storm grew ihto a Hurricane,; •-? but mornmg brought some abatement, pther-.s ■ '' wise we could scarcely faced theelement8.'TheV havoc wrought by them was not fully/revealed^ j however, until from? the;high ground some"milwte? inland at the rear of them, we could get a full.] -v view of the castle. ruins^—or -:rather, what :rert mained of them. j . The inspector and his men, with a straggling) contingent of a few of. the inore courageous of J. '?:•? ■the ihlmbitants of the.expedition, broke, out'.into a', babel of :, . • tongues as they beheld the scOTeiiVt-M^'U^iriiv half the headland of ?.the Baven" Eock ./with A :: great portion of the walls' of the castle had dis-J appeared, swallowed up . by v the/devouring] .'• ocean, still roaring in mighty billows agaihst' ) ; the remaining bluff. . ■The'.ledge. the cave^ and .1. the adjacent ground had^ as • it - were, - been | .' bitten ciean out, together hdth the spot where! . 'S? I had left the senseless form. of that horrible:! ' and murderous woman. Nothing remained,}' locally to prove-the truth of my story. Some! ' disbelieved it, therefore, or pretended to do ! so, but many little circumstances convinced] ~0; me that the people at the ihh?hM 'more^than!i,y i a suspicion of the'ekistenco ofthht'myste'nbfflf.r laboratory." • - - -. , Before I'left Bally-Narack news came that.i . the'body of an 'old greybeard, clothed in the . remnants of. a strangely-adorned - robe, had • been picked up on the shore some miles from . • the Baven Bock. *: i ' I have nevCr. visited those parts' since, but J indirectly heard that nothing, had. ever been ■ ■ seen or known of the.womaD. -Her figure .'was : still regarded as that of; the bogle,, on which elemental disturbances would,, of course, fall harmless. At the same .time, the .tradition'.' seems to have died out—the bogle has disap- ■ ' peared. Eor many a year after-that strange and' " romantic, adventure I kept a sharp:look-out-. ' for the name of Vascano in the neighborhood--'; of Soho, but I have never met with it since, • nor the pne bearer of it whom I saw in Ireland. : It was only the other day that I hunted up tho- ' notes and sketches made all those years ago and embodied them in the above story.- I wa3 Jed to do this ;by .chancing on the following newspaper paragraph:—; " ^ ' ■ "A curious trial will ere long create a wide- - spread interest in. India.It appears that a - certain well-known dealer in jewels resident in. the" Hill district many years ago supplied an * '■ enormous diarhond to ffptm'the eye'pf^an idol to be set up in a Hindoo temple. ' Quite lately, ;■ by some mischance, the, idol fed; and the con- - Cussion dislodging the precious stone shattered ; it in'two pieces. This proved it'td be spuriousi , The' aforesaid dealer who supplied it conse quently will be; arraigned tor;this ne&ioua.; outrage on the. sacred .religion ioflhe .people. \ ; He is - said to be an elderly man. of gipsy, or ' ; at any rate Egyptian,; extraction, land bailing '• originally from Soho, with which part of tho '■■■ world he stiU has dealings; ? It'is further , asserted that many star tling disclosing will be made ■> revealing the existence^. formerly of several wholesale manufactories of false jewels, so cunningly executed as to have defied . : detection, even by , experts. - Two'of these artificial diamond mines, as the manufactories,' " may be called,- are, said to have been located ra'j America, whilst a third flourished - in-Ire-". land." _ 1 This paragraph has set me speculating as . to whether that eminent dealer, will-prove to be'the once young Vascano. ; He would now,- -- of course, he an elderly man. . !l shall keep my- ;' eye on the Indian newspapers for, an account v< of the trial. 