FOILED. IlO. ELIi ' 18U PP ose * mU8fc let you'20, **** Norah, but I don't half like It. You've never been away from me before, and I shall miss you frightfully." " Yes, I hope you'll let me go, Jim. I don't want to be selfish, but I should enjoy it so much, and, after all, you can see me every day if you like." They were husband and wife, these two and had been married just a year. Their married life up to this point had been one of unclouded happiness, and, perhaps, the term " married lovers " best expresses their relations to one another. Jim Kennedy was a fine specimen of a man, tall and broadshouldered, but no one ever called his stern, rugged face good-looking, though there were people who found in it a charm that handsomer features often lack. Norah, on the contiary, was extremely pretty, there could be no two opinions on that point ; her tall slight figure, clear, fair skin, crisp golden-brown hair, and deep blu® eyes, fully entitled her to take rank with the beauties of her sex- Jim was well aware of this fact, and the knowledge afforded him great gratification ; perhaps the pride of possession, so prominent a feature in the male chat acter, was even more strongly developed in him than in most men; at all events, his pride in his pretty wife knew no bounds His devotion to her was quite proverbial among their friends and neighbours, nothing could exceed his tender care and forethought in all matters that concerned her; she was always his first consideration. His was a curiously contained and concentrated nature—a nature that was incapable of more than one love—and she had stirred it to its utmost depths. The subject under discussion was an invitation that the Kennedys had leceived, to spend a fortnight at one of the neighbouring country houses. This invitation".Mm, for business reasons, was obliged to decline, but there seemed to be no reason why Norah should not accept it, and she was very anxious to do so, being, naturally enough, greatly attracted by the prospect of unlimited fun in the shap® of dancing, theatricals, and the thousand-and-one amusement* that are always rife amongst a large countryhous® party. " It isn't as if it was far away, you know, Jim," she urged. "Why, Woodlands is only three miles from here ; you can walk or ride over to see me as often as you like. Of course, I am awfully sorry that you can't go too, and I shan't en joy it half *o much as if you were there; but I can tell you all about it atterwards, and it seem* so un- gracious to refuse Mrs. Mervyn's invitation altogether, when there is really ne reason at all why 1 shouldn't accept it." Jim looked down at the eager, uplifted face, and smiled. "You shall go, dear,"' he said. " I may be selfish, but I hope lam not selfish enough to do you out ef any pleasure just because I can't share in it myself. Of course, you shall go ; and if you want any new toggery you had better set about getting it at once.'" "Oh, you dear old Jim !" cried Norah, flinging her arms round his neck, and kiss ing him after her usual impulsive, girlish fashion. " Oh, you dear, dear old Jnn ! " So the weighty matter was settled to the satisfaction of all concerned, and in due course Norah went off to Woodlands, in a very fetching new gown and the highest possible spirits. W hen she had been away for two days, Jim rode over to see how things were going on. He arrived at Woodlands about halffibrary, every other room, as she informed iast four, and was received by Norah in the him, being turned topsy - turvey; some cleared for dancing, and some given up for theatricals, which were just then in process ef rehearsal. "And how are you enjoying yourself ?" asked Jim. "Oh! so much," Norah answered, her bright face aglow with excitement and pleasure. "It is perfectly delightful. I enly wish you were here to en joy ifc, too. Do you miss me very much, Jim ? " Frightfully," said Jim, with a little sigh, " I feel quite lost without you ; but never mind that, tell me about yourself. What special line have you taken up? Are you <roinr j n for theatricals?" She shook her head. No, l am afraid I should be no good on the stage. I have no practice, you knew. I enjoy looking on immensely, and there is penty ot fun to be got out of dancing and other things." "Mrs. Mervyn is a clinking actress," •bserved Jim. " Yes," Norah agreed absently ; "she is aw'fully good, and is going to play all the leading parts/' After that she was silent for a few minutes, looking into the fire with a thoughtful, pre occupied air, that somewhat puzzled her husband, who was more accustomed to her brighter moods. "A penny for your thoughts," he said, at last. Norah started, and glanced up at him with rather a curious expression. 'Jim," she said, nervously, "if I say something you won't be cross, will you ? " He looked surprised. " Cross, Norah ? No, of course not. You may say what you like." " It is something that I everheard," she went on, absently fingering his coat-sleeve. " I couldn't help hearing it ; I wish I hadn't, but I couldn'c help it. Mrs. Brown and Mrs Willis were talking, and I couldn't help hearing what they said—but they didn't know that I was near. Is it. ti re Jim—is it true that there was ever anything between you and Mrs. Mervyn ?" A neavy frown crossed Jim's face, and he uttered a sharp exclamation. "Coonfound the woimn!" he cried, angrily. "What a lot of cnattering magpies they are !" "Oh, J im !" Norah pleaded, " don't be crioss ; you said you wouldn't. It isn't true is it '!" Her voice quivered a little, and something suspiciously like tears glit tered in her bngh eyes. Jim muttered something under his breath as he looked down at her, then he put his arm round her waist, and drew her close to his side. " Listen, Norah," he said, impressively ; "I am going to tell you the whole truth,and nothing but the truth. A year or two ago I was rather intimate with the Mervyns, and used to come to Woodlands a good deal. Mervyn and I have always been good friends, and at that, time Mrs. Mervyn and I seemed to get on uncommon!}' well. 1 can sweat that I never gave her a thought even that passed the bounds of friendship, and it was sometime before it dawned on me that she was trying to lead me into a flirtation. When at last I woke up to the state of the case, I gave Mrs. Mervyn to understand that that sort of thing wasn't my line, and then promptly cleared out. I have always kept on friendly terms, because I thought that people would begin to think and talk if we had an open split, but I have never com® here much since then. That is the truth of the whole matter." The quiet, tone, and simple, straightforward words carried conviction with them, *nd Norah's perturbed face dimpled into a *mile as she asked : — " Why did you never tell me of all this before. Jim ?" "Mv dear child," he answered, giavely, " a man doesn't care to tell tales of that kind at the expense of a woman, even to his wife Besides, I had almost forgotten the affair. *nd, in all probability, Mrs. Mervyn ha> quite." Norah ahoek her head. "A woman never forgets," she said •mphatically. "You may depend upon it fim, Mrs. Mervyn has forgotten nothing- »at the may have/ergiwen, and that is mou a tbe point." Jim stooped down and gave hie prett. vife a very hearty hiss. « Wb»t ft little i9ul it is," he uM, affectionately; "you take things uncommonly well, Norah. Some women, in your place, would have treated me to a scene and refused to believe me." "I should like to see any ene refusing to believe you." cried Norah, indignantly. Then she rubbed her soft check against his. " Dear old Jim," she whispered, lovingly. Thus ended the first doubt that had ever threatened to mar the happiness of their married life. A fortnight is only a short time after all, and very soon Norah's visit to Woodlands was drawing to its close. Three days before the one on which she was to return home, Jim got a note from her asking him to be sure and go over that afternoon, as she had something important to say to him. It was some days since he had been there, and he had not intended to go again, but Norah's word was law : so he ordered h is horse aud rode off, arra11*1 ing to get to Woodlands about four o'clock as usual. In the hall he was met by Mrs. Mervyn, and he fancied that she started and tisined rather pale when she saw him. "How do you do, Mrs, Mrtvyn?" he said, as he shook hands. " Jolly day this, isn't it? Is Norah anywhere about? Site sent me a note asking me to come over and see her." " Your wife is in the house," Mrs. Mervyn answered, " but I don't see that you can see her now." She spoke rather ab-ently, and Jim thought that she looked at him with a curious expression. " Is anything the matter ?" he asked hastily. " I hope Norah isn't ill." "No no, she is quite well, but " "But what?" asked Jim, who was beginning to feel rather impatient. Mrs. Mervyn turned away and looked out of the window. "Can you bear a shock !" she asked, in a low tone. "A shock ?" Jim replied, feeling more and more bewildered. What kind of shock ? What do you mean, Mrs. M»tvyn'' If you hav® anything to tell me about Norah for Heaven's sake tell me and have dune with it. Don't beat about the bush, that is false kindness." " Your wife is quite well," Mrs. Mervyn <aid, in the same low tone, "quite well, but " She broke off sharply, and suddenly turned from the window. " Come with me," she cried, "Gome with me." A curious sense of doubt and wonder thrilled Jim as he followed his hostess across the hall, he could not at all understand the state of affairs. Mrs. Mervyn led the way to the small drawing-room, outside the door she paused and looked up at him. " You had better go in alone," she said ; "Your wile is in the morning-room. II you are quiet you can hear without being heard." "Hear!" Jim repeated, with an expression of blank surprise "Hear what? I wish you would explain yourself, Mrs. Mervyn." But Mrs. Mervyn shook her head. " Don't ask me," she -aid, giving him a little push towards the door, " but go—go." Jim hesitated for a moment with his hand on the handle, then he opened the dooi and went into the room. Now, the two drawing rooms and the morninu- room were ',< -<,t,fe, and the latter was only divided liom the small drawing room by some soft. *ilk curtains drawn across an archway. Mechanically, Jim moved across the toom until he came to chese curtains, and then he stopped. He could hear some one speaking on the other side, and instantly recognised the voice as that of Captain Warner, one of the guests <taymg 111 the house, a man whom he had • ever liked. "Tell me," the voice urged tenderly, ! what makes you so unhappy. Perhaps I :an do something to help you." There was a moment's pause, and then the answer came in Norah's voice, low and tremulous, with feeling. "No, no, you can do nothing. Heaven only knows how miserably unhappy I am, but no one can help me— least of all you." Jim's hand clutched the curtain involuntarily, his brain seemed to be in a whirl, he felt like a man in a dream. Norah. hm Norah, miserably unhappy, and confiding her woes to another man ! The thought, was madness. " I can sympathise with yoa, if I can do no more," Captain Warner went on, in the same tender tone. " Tell ine what troubles you — it is always a relief to talk to a sympathetic friend. I am afraid you and your husband are not very well matched." Jim moved a step nearer to the curtain, listening intently. "We couldn't be orse matched," cried Norah, in a tone of passionate rebellion ; " he does not, it is true, openly ill-treat me, but he makes my life one long torture. If it lasts much longer, I shall go mad. Marriage without sympathy is moral suicide." Jim drew a deep breath, and fell back a pace or two. Norah saying that he made her life one long torture ! Was it possible, or had his ears played him false ? " My poor darling !'' Captain Warnercried passionately, " oh ! my poor darling ! There is nothing that I would not do to save you from ?uch a life. Only trust yourself to me and you will never regret it—never, I swear, as long as you live. I need not tell you that my whole life's happiness is bound up in you, that I love you with all my heart and soul. You know it already." Jim ground his teeth savacrely. In that moment he could have killed the man who dared to plot against his honour and make love to his wife, but he waited to hear Norah's answer. It came at last. " Yes," Norah said, and oh ! how softly and tenderly her sweet voice thrilled, "yes, I know you love me, and that knowledge is my onlv comfort. 1 cling to it, with all mv -trenotii. Yes, I know you love me, and you must know that I —that I ——" Jim waited to hear no more, but turned and made his way to the hall staggering as he went. Five minutes later he was galloping across the park like a mxrlman. When he reached home, he went straight to his smoking-room and flung himself into his favourite chair. He tried to think, but his thoughts were in a whirl.his brain seemed on fire. He wished to consider the matter calmlyatid coolly, but found that an utter impossibility. One thought alone possessed him, one bitter cruel, maddeninc thought. Norah was lost to him for ever. With his own ears he had heard her encourage another man to make love to her. Norah, his Norah, his wife whom he had loved so dearly and trusted so blindly, had played him false. With all his strength he strove to forget the words that he had overheard ; hut he could not forget, and memory was madness. It is impossible to put into words all that he suffered. The whole night long he sat alone in his smoking room, fighting with himself and with this crushing sorrow that had bewed him to the earth. When morn ing dawned, the cold grey light that stole in through the chinks in the curtains showed him to be but the wreck of his former self. What should he do ? That v-as tho question that forced itself with maddening j>ersistency into his brain, and the answer was not easy to find. There were two or three courses open to him, but he could not decide which to follow. He considered and re considered them all, but none jjave him satisfaction. At last a sudden thought struck him that put the others to flight. There was to be a large parry at Woodlands that night. Mrs. Mervyn had invited him. and he had refused her invitation : but now he would go. He I would give himself one more chance of seeing with his own eyes, and hearing with his j own ears ; aud if his suspicions were conirmed. he would tell Xorah then and there hat all was discovered, and that she waa 1 . 1 ee to go to her lover. Acting 011 this idea he drove over to Woodlands in the evening, feeling like a man who is going t, (> his execution. In the hall he found Ux. Mervyn eujoking a surreptitious cigarette, and was welcomed with great cordiality. "So you've changed your mind, Jim, and come to see the show after all ; that's right. I'm enjoying myself in my own way, you see ; dancing in one room, theatricals in anothe:, neither of them in my line, so I came out here to have a quiet smoke. Better stuv and join me." At that moment Mrs. Mervyn came slowly down the wide staircase, and crossed the hall to'.vaids the two men, "truggling with a refractory bangle that refused to fasten. " Try and do this for me, Edgar," she said. Then she looked up and her eyes fell on Jim. " Mr. Kennedy !" she cried. "Yes, it's Jim," said her husband, "you needn't look as if you'd seen a ghost." The startled look still lingered on her face, and she laughed nervously. "You aie the last person I expectcrl to see." she said to Jim, "you refused so positively."' " Upon my word, that's a hospitable speech, cried Mr. Mervyn. "Jim has changed his mind, and we're very glad to see him. Couie, take him into what you call the theatre, Kate, and let him look at his friends making fools of themselves." Mrs. Mervyn led the way across the hall, and .Jim followed like a man in a dream. It all seemed so strange, so unreal ; he could hardly it ali.~e the state of affairs. A minute or two later lie was in the room that, was doing temporary duty as a theatre. One or two people spoke to him and he answered, but madeno attempt at conversation. He looked round in search of Norah, and, failing to tind her, threw himself into a chair and gave way to gloomy thought. The bell rang, and the curtain rose 011 the second act. but Jim did not look up. Ho foit no interest. What, were the mimic joys and woes ot the staye to him? They could not compare with the tragedy of his own life. He sat there, with his eyes fixed on the ground, wrapped in miserable meditations, till all at, once a voice sounded through the 100m that thrilled him like an electric shock. It was North's voice. What were the words that she was saying ? " No, 110. you can do nothine. Heaven only knows how miserably unhappy I am, but no one can help me—least of all you." Jim drew a long deep breath, and raised his eyes slowly, like a man awaking from some hideous dream. Norah was on the stage—his Norah, looking prettier than he had ever seen her ; and by her side, holding her hand in his, stood Captain Warner. " I can sympathise with you, if 1 can do no more. Tell me what, troubles you—it is always a relief to talk to a .sympathetic friend. I am afraid you and your husband are not very well matched." There was no need to hear more. Jim saw it all now. As in a lightning flash every- thing was made plain to him. What he had overheard the day before was a rehearsal of this particular scene, and he had thoughthe had thought—Ah ! what had he dared to think ?• He cowered, guiltily, miiiviijr, as he IIG rememlie no had lior\ accused <innit lu/1 her in >'M his 1. .. mind, 1 never. lOUfdlfbered all. Norah must never know of what He hardly knew how to sit through the remainderot the play; it seemed interminable ; but it came to an end at last, and the curtain fell, amidst great applause. Norah flew upstairs as soon as the performance was over, to change her dress and wash the rouge and powder from her face. Her first attempt, at acting had been a distinct success, there could be 110 two opinions about that; and she was, naturally enough, proud of the fact. She smiled, weil pleased, as she dipped a sponge in soft) water, and be<pm to bathe her face. There was a sharp knock at the door, and Jim came into the room. " Here you are, my darling," he cried, gladly. She paused in her operations to look up at him — " Yes, here I am, and likely to be ; I don't know when I shall get rid of this horrid rouge. So you were there after all, Jim ; I saw you in the audience, and I was so surprised. Why did you change your mind ? It all went off splendidly, didn't it, and— and—oh ! Jim, are you very cross with me?" "Cross with you?" He had come <pute close to her now. " No, I am not cross with you, Norah ; why should I be ? " " Well, I was afraid you would be, and I sent for you yesterday so that I might explain matters, but you did'nt come. You see, I was rather forced into it; I could not very well help myself. Mrs. Mervyn made such a point, of my undertaking the part, that I could not refuse. I thought it was rather a. r/.^ne part, but I'm awfully glad you are not cross."' Jim took her in his arms, sponge and all, and kissed her wet face " I an, fonder and prouder of my little wife at this moment than I have ever been before."' he said, "but 1 think we'll have 110 more theatricals, Norah darling ; this shall be your first and last appearance." " Very well," said Norah, returning the kiss with interest; " I am sure I don't mind. I don't mind anything so long as you are not cross." And that was the end of Mrs. Mervyn's attempt at revenge. " What, going so soon, Mr. Kennedy?" Mrs. Mervyn looked up with a wellsimulated air of surprise, and smiled pleasantly into Jim's white, wrathful face. "Yes," he replied; "but let me first thank you for giving me an opportunity of attending the performance as well as the rehearsal."—Truth. THE EPIGRAMMATIC VICEROY. Iv India Lord Lytton's epigrams were famous, and they are repeated with much gusto in Anglo-Indian circles to this day. On one occasion—so the story goes—he gave mortal offence to a lady who sat next to him at dinner, who, alas ! did not appreciate his Excellency's wit. Her name was Birch, and tradition says she was beautiful, if not over-intelligent. Said she to his Excellency, "Are you acquainted with any of the Birches?" Replied his Excellency, "Oh, yes, I knew some of them most intimately whilst at Eton—indeed, more intimately than I cared to." " Sir," replied the ady, "you forget that the Birches are relatives of mine."' "And yet they cut me," said the Viceroy; " but "—and he smiled his wonted smile—" I have never Mt more inclined to kiss the rod than I do now." Mrs. Birch, sad to say, did not see the point, and—so the gossips have it —told her husband that his Excellency had insulted her by openly expressing, at tho dinner table, his desire to kiss her. AS TO THE SERMON. Tnr.RF/R a man residing on W T est street in i this town who is sadly in need of missionary services being held over him. Last Sunday his wife marie him go to church,and on their 1 , , , , , . , . , way home she .^sked him what he thought of the sermon. ri.s reply was mostly a grunt of disapprobation. " Why don't you say as you always do of sermons—that it was the usual cutand driod affair ?" she asked tartly. five " Because,my dear,''he replied pleasantly, " it wasn't. That is to say, it wasn t altoget her so." j "Well, I'm glad to hear you say that much good of it," she said more agreeably. "Thank you, dear," he went on. As I was going to say, it wasn't quite so bad as you would have it, because it wasn't cut half as much as it should have been, and was dried altogether too much." \ R^ '^1 IIIII^II. " i Then they walked on in painful silence. ; Mas. BUNTING : " Richard used to be such j a good boy, but his language has become simply dreadful lately." i Bunting: "No wonder ; he has to answer the telephone in his new situation." t I MR. CRI'MPS: " What's that queer edour Smells like burning lye." Mrs. Ciumps: "Don't know. I haven't, put any tiling in the tue, e*geut some ofyeur U love IcUeiV j I ' l t 1 