NOTES & COMMENTS. Happy Hunting: Grounds. The Australian Colonies must be as so many happy hunting gronnds to keen and astute managers like Mr. Smythe. He per fectly understands how to cater for the wants, of the people. We are often told that Bermons, lectures, &c.;, what ever they may be morally, are not com mercially profitable, Mr. Smythe has shown us otherwise by his succcessf ul running of preachers and lecturers like Dr. Talmage and Mr. Haweis. Last week the Rev. H. K. Haweis con cluded his series of lectures in this city, \- by one on; ' Modern Ghosts and Spiritualism.' It was not one of his happiest efforts. He was more at home in the spheres of art and music. On music and noise he was really excellent, and said some capital things. But it is too late in the day to whitewash spiritualism. Mr. Maskelyne, who is said to hold the trickery of conjuring, card-sharping, spiritualism, and The osophy in the palm of his hand, has recently shewn that spiritualism is simply ' exploded humbug,' and that in England and America so far as the. general public is concerned, it is as dead as a door nail. And we fear it is be yond the power of Mr. Haweis to resuscitate it. It is often said that Fact ? Fact is stronger than Fiction ; and, and the Dean poisoning . . Fiction. case which lias created no small interest amongst the readers of the big dailies, is an illustra tion of this. If it had been wrought out in a novel by a great master of fiction, and the various details which have appeared in the press carefully worked in, it would/have been deemed a little too extravagant — even for fiction. The whole case bas been marvellously sensational, the sensation of forged letters being added to the sensation of deadly poison ; and the whole crowned with the additional sensation of the most conflicting evidence in regard to the characters of the two women con cerned. But the whole case was an illustration of the necessity of a suspense of judgment on the part of the public until all the evidence pro and con had been sifted by legal experts. In every point of view, morally and socially, the whole affair is a sad reve lation. It seems a burlesque on our boasted civilisation, and shews what tragedies may lie beneath the polished -..yeneer of our social life. A Priest It is no wonder that S--- ' - of cialistic Societies should Fashion.' flourish in Europe, wheu we read of the wanton 'waste of wealth which is made at the shrine1 of the modern goddess called Fashion. The death of the great French costumier, Worth of Paris, has brought out revelations of extravag-nee which seem scarcely credible to sober-minded people. Worth was really a Lincoln shire man, but had domiciled himself in Paris, built up an enormous business, and become the high priest of modern fashion. In his own realm of fashion, and women's dress, he was an absolute autocrat, and he dictated the fashion to London, New York, and Parisian dressing rooms. He once said that he cleared on an average £11,000 by sup plying dresses to a Fifth Avenue lady. An ordinary £12 black silk dress made from his design would be £40. His usual charge for an evening dress was from £50 to £75. He once made a Court train which cost £1,000, and one dress which cost the wearer nearly £5,000. On state function days ladies used to go to him to be dressed, his ' reception ' for this purpose lasting several hours. The maid of one American lady gave him these items of the cost of her mistress's undercloth ing : — Corset £15, lace petticoat £80, under garments £25, garters with gold clasps set with solitaire diamonds £60. And all this money was being sacrificed at the shrine of fashion. The slums ot the great capitals were filled with men and women struggling for a bare liveli hood. In such circles, it is not ritual istic services which are needed, but the first principles of Gospel teaching ; the A B C of Christianity. As an illustration of what vi a success! ul - war -may-^cr Efc complish, we need only Armis. refer to the new treaty made between Japan and China. China has many millions of people more than the population of the Japanese islands, but in actual conflict China was nowhere when pitted against the trained armies of the Japp. The Jap successes both on land and sea have turned the eyes of Europe upon them, and as a race they have mani fested such determination and intelli gence that the Empire of the Mikado has risen to the position of a first-class power, that will have to be reckoned with in all Eastern complications. And not only so, but it is beginning to dawn upon us in these Australian colonies tnat we may not be altogether un affected by the military and naval suc cesses of the Japs. Should they seek to manage China, in the same way as the British manage India, and succeed in so doing, they would at once become one of the great powers of the world, and we should see a pagan state dominating the Eastern and Southern Pacific. And it would then be easy by the sheer force of arms to flood these colonies with a Chinese population. There are grave problems looming in. the future. The death of Professor The Blackie has called forth G. O. M. many tributes of respect of : from friends and pupils. Scotland. jje waa a Well-known figure in Edinburgh, and Eossessed of a maguificsnt constitution, e lived to a good old age, being over 85 years of age when he died. The British Weekly says of him . — 'He was a bright spot on , the monotonous grey respectability of the Scottish pro fessorate. But he was more than that. He loved, and taught others to love, things pure, and lovely, and of good report. He was a brave man, too, not ' a mere hunter of popularity, and he often took his place with the advocates of despised and difficult causes. From acerbity of any kind he. was singularly free. , His sunny, joyous nature did not harbour bitterness, and we can scarcely suppose that he left a single enemy behind him.' He was one of the Edinburgh Eleven, celebrated by Mr. Barrier and ranked with the foremost Greek scholars of the age. In London, as well as in Glasgow and Edinburgh, he had hosts of friends, numbering among them men like Carlyle, Brown ing, Tennyson, Stanley, and many others who like himself have joined the majority. His best known book, is his unpretentious little work entitled, Self-Clulture, which he wrote as a holi day amusement twenty years ago. It has gone through twenty-five editions, and been translated into ten foreign languages. It is just the book for young men. The earthquakes in Earthquake Europe have been of such Shocks. a nature as to occasion general surprise, and amongst those who lived in their vicinity, they have spread a feeJing of insecurity and terror. Nor is it any wonder they should, for of all other things an earthquake is one of the most fearful. When the earth ceases to be terra Jirma, and rises in graves beneath your feet, and is rent into great gaps and fissures, ready to swallow up and engulf its unhappy victims, all sense of security vanishes. It seems in vain tc fly, as though there were security nowhere. In the early history of British Methodism it is recorded that thfe earthquake in London in 1750, oc curred when Charles Wesley was ,prpn?.hiDg ,in that city. He was just repeating his text when the Founder v was so violently shaken with the shock that the congregation expected the walls to fall in amongst them, and cries of terror arose from the women and children. With admirable presence of mind, the preacher cried out, — 'There- fore will we not fear, though the earth be moved, and thj hills be carried into the midst of the sea : for the Lord of Hosts is with us, the God of Jacob is our refuge.' Charles Wedey tells us how his Heart was filled with faith at that critical moment. John Wesley speaks of an earthquake as God speak ing to men — 'as in subterranean thunder.' That great instrument of A gambling, the modern Gambling race horse, is ever to the Carnival, fore. Another racing carnival has just closed at Kandwick, and it closed in the presence of 10,000 spectators. The racing, we are told, was of a high class character, and last Monday's Herald devoted about three columns and a-half to the previous Saturday's celebration. A. straw is sufficient to show which way the tide flows ; and when a great daily like the 8. M. Herald gives such ample reports of a racing carnival, it is obvi ous that the tide of public sentiment flows very strongly in that direction. We are sorry that it is bo. We have no narrow or puritanical ideas about racing. A good gallop, when not carried to the excess ot cruelty to a noble animal, is a breezy and exhilarat ing thing. But we have no hesitation in saying that if the gambling element were entirely taken away from the modern race course, and the book makers' trade destroyed, the mepe racing would speedily die out. The spice of modern horso-racing lies in the hazard and sensationalism of its gamb ling element. Most right thinking men will confess that th~) turf, with its array of swindlers, blacklegs, and pro fessional gamblers, is a great evil. Pity then, that it should be upheld by the press and society ladies. / 