KATHERINE'S VENGEANCE [BY THE AUTHOR OF " PAULINA LISLE."] PART II. CHAPTER XVI.—(Continued.) Once more the embroidery dropped in Miss Hern- castle's lap. Her eyes were dilated, fixed on his face; her lips were breathless and apart in the intensity of her interest. " They brought the poor dead lady home, the child they left with Mrs. Harman to nurse. Whether Lord Ruysland really had or had not wronged his wife, no one will ever know now. Her death was a terrible blow to him— for a time." The speaker paused a second, glanced across at his lordship's serenely high-bred, placid countenance, and smiled. ''For a time. We lose our nearest and dearest, and the world goes round much the same as ever, and we with it, and we eat, drink, and are merry, and — forget. Olive Court was shut up, Mrs. Harman was handsomely pensioned, and the baby, Lady Cecil, left with her. " For two years Lord Ruysland was absent ; then a letter from Mrs. Harman recalled him. She was of French extraction, and had taken a fancy to visit her relations in Paris—would his lordship come and take his little daughter and let her go. He returned to England, received Lady Cecil from her hands, placed her with some relative in a remote part of England to grow up, and returned to hid wandering life. Mrs. Harman left England with her daughter, and I fancy the earl never heard of her from that day to this, until he chanced to see his brother-in- law's picture a few minutes ago. Miss Herncastle, Lady Cecil has left the piano ; after all this talking will you not reward me by a little of your matchless music. She arose at once and went with him to the piano. For nearly an hour she sat playing bravely and brilliantly, he seated near, his face in shadow, his ears drinking in those sweetest strains. Then she got up, and for the first time in his experience of her, held out her hand as she said good-uight. ''You have done me, a great favour to-night, Sir Arthur,'' she said ; ''greater than you know. Let me thank you, and — good-night.'' He looked up at her in surprise. ''A great favour,'' he repeated, holding her firm, cold hand in his clasp; ''I don't understand, Miss Herncastle.'' She smiled — a strange, exultant sort of smile — looking not at him, but across the room, at the figures of the Earl of Ruyslund and Lady Cecil Clive. Long after he had reason to know what the strange and triumphant smile meant. ''You may understand some day, Sir Arthur, and sooner than you think. Once more, good-night.'' With the words she was gone. He watched the tall, commanding figure as it swept across the room and disappeared. Other eyes had witnessed that farewell ; the Earl of Ruysland set his lips, the del icate waxen cheek of Lady Cecil flushed. ''There shall be an end of this,'' his lordship thought, sternly. ''You have gone the length of your tether, Sir Arthur Tregenna ; it is high time to pull you up.'' Miss Herncastle went up to her room, but not to bed. She sat down by the open window, a starry light in her eyes, almost a flush of colour on her marble face. ''At last ! at last ! at last !'' her lips said. '' She was smiling — a smile not good to see. Her eyes were fixed on the night prospect, but she saw nothing. So, for upward of an hour she sat. She could hear the sounds from below, the music, the soft hum of voices, the low laughter. She could hear, but she hardly seemed to listen. She was wrapped in herself that glowing, exulting face, you would not have known it again. ''At last ; at last!' she kept softly repeating, ''my hour has come !'' She arose after a time. Even through her absorption the falling dew struck chill. She arose, closed the windows and curtains, lighted the lamp, and flung the ivory miniature contemptuously across into an open trunk. ''Lie there,'' she said; ''you have done your work. I want you no more. ? I have waited six years — a long time : but even Troy fell at last. I have heard all I wanted to hear. I see my way clear to the end now!" CHAPTER XVII. THE SCAR ON THE TEMPLE. ''I tell you, madame, you shall not go!'' ''And I tell you, sir, I shall!" ''Lady Dangerfield, I repeat it, you shall never go to that disreputable woman's house in that disgusting dress.'' ''Sir Peter Dangerfield, I repeat it, as sure as the night after tomorrow night comes, I will go to Mrs. Everleigh's masquerade in the costume of a page.'' And then husband and wife stood still, and paused for breath, and glared at each other, as much, more devoted husbands and wives will do at times in the marital relation, I am told. It was three days after Sir Peter's attack, and for two days the little baronet had been sufficiently recovered to enliven the drawing-room with the brightness of his presence. All at once the solitude of his study had become unbearable to him ; his bugs and beetles, his bees and butterflies, afforded him no consolation. Lights, life, human faces, human voices, he craved them day and night. And so it came about, in the first time of Lady Dangerfield's experience of him, her husband had nothing else to do but watch her and grow jealous. Horribly and ferociously jealous. He didn't care a pin's point in the way of love for his wife, but she was his wife; and as long as a lady is that, the gentleman whose name she honours has legal right certainly to most of her tender looks, whispered sentences, twilight walks, etc., etc. And Sir Peter got none of these, and Major Frankland got a great many. In reality, in her heart of hearts, if my lady possessed such an inmost sanctuary, she really cared as much for one as the other. A fine fortune, a fine establishment, fine dresses, superfine dinners — these were the things my lady loved, above husband, child, or lover. But all these things she had, and Major Frankland was very good-looking, could flatter ceaselessly, knew the art of love a la mode to perfection, and was very willing to pay in tender glances, dreamy tete-a-tetes, whispered nothings, for the excellent Scarswood dinners, wines, horses, billiards, and the rest of it. To do him justice, he did not know Sir Peter was jealous; he meant no harm, only ''this sort of thing'' helped make the long summer days pass ; and, if my lady liked to flirt, and Sir Peter did not object, why shouldn't he show his gratitude and be- come gallantly attentive, as well as any other man ? In a round dance my lady's step suited him. their intellects were on an average, they knew the same people, liked to talk of the same things, both were well looking, unexceptionable, of dress and style— that is what it came to, and where was the harm? Major Frankland did not think of this — Major Frankland never thought at all, if he could help himself. But that was the sum total of his and my lady's platonic friendship. In a vague, hazy sort of way, Sir Peter had long been a chronic victim to a mild form of the green eyed monster. All at once, in these two days, the mild, harmless symptoms became furiously aggra- vated, and the little baronet turned rampantly jealous. He had nothing else to do but watch his wife, and her attendant cavalier, and he did watch them. He lost his fear of ghosts, his interest in Miss Herncastle almost, in this new phase of things. He sat in a corner with a big book, and glowered vengefully over the top of it at the placid face of the major and the vivacious face of his wife. Mrs. Everleigh's fancy dress party brought matters to a climax Mrs. Everleigh was an exceedingly charming lady, of whom Castleford knew very little indeed, except that she was excessively rich, very fond of spend ing her money, and enjoying herself, and— a divorced wife. Where Mr. Everleigh was, and why he had put away the wife of his bosom, a great many asked and nobody answered. Mrs. Everleigh herslf put her perfumed mouchoir to her blue eyes when the harrowing subject was alluded to— called Mr. Everleigh a brute, and herself a martyr, and left things in their general misty and uncomfortable state of doubt. But she dressed elegantly, lived luxuriously, gave the most brilliant receptions far or near. The more fastidious ladies of the neighbourhood, Lady Cecil among them, fought shy of the charming Mrs. Everleigh. Lady Dangerfield and she became bosom friends at once. And this week Mrs. Everleigh's masquerade was to come off--the only thing of its kind that hud been dreamed of--and my lady and the major were going. The major as the 'Chief of Lura,'' gloomy and splendid, and mis- anthropical, in black velvet and plumes, like a mute at a funeral, and my lady waa going as Kaled, Lara's page— the devoted, the adoring Kaled. By the merest chance, for my lady never annoyed her nervous husband with these foolish trifles, he had discovered the ball, the costume, everything that he would have been much better off with out knowing and his brimming cup flowed over ! He flew into a passion ! his wizen little face turned purple with rage ; he absolutely swore ; he stamped his small foot, and screeched forth in passionate falsetto, that my lady should not go. ''And I tell you I shall !'' my lady retorted, also fly- ing into a towering passion, and using none too lady- like language in her sudden fit of rage.''Don't make a greater fool of yourself, Sir Peter Danger- field, than nature has already made you. It's no affair of yours. Attend to your bugs and horrid crawling things, your ghosts, and your gambling. Oh, yes, I know where you were the night you saw the ghost under the King's Oak. I don't interfere with your amusemeuts — be good enough not to interfere with mine.'' (To be continued.) 