In a review of tho year which closed yesterday, polities have, as usual, tho most conspicuous place. Tho Patterson Government, called to power to stop tho financial drift and cope with tho depression, took a long vacation, which was chiolly marked by Ministerial junketings and speeches of tho " hope and " cheerfulness " order. The confidence of the people in tho Government rapidly waned as the depression showed no signs of lifting, tho revonuo continued to decline, and the unomployod difficulty was con cealed rather than removed by a system of village settlements which was wanting in tho elements of permanent success. Mr. M'Intyrc, the Minister of Lands, had visitod Now Zealand and soon the opera tion of village settlement there, and came back to inaugurate here a system as unlike that of New Zealand as it could possibly be made. Out of deference to the -Legislative Council the Government did not insist upon obtaining the power tn purchaso land for village settle ments in the neighborhood of centres of population where thero wore handy markets for produco, and where occasional work for the settlers was avail able. The attempt to ostablish settle ments on thickly timbered Crown lands in inaccessible localities failed, as it was bound to do, tho only settlement showing any vitality being that at Kooweerup, where the Government itself provided the men with partial employment at tho drain age works. In view of tho continued depression the Government was implored to call Parliament together at an early date, in the liopo that somo definite moans would he devised for relieving tho general distress and restoring pros perity to the colony. Bnt Ministers tnrncd a deaf ear to this appeal. Parliament was not called together till tho end of May, by which timo the country had become decidedly hostile to the Ministry. It was recognised that the Government had no policy other than tlint of drift, and that decisive measures of relief were not to bo cxpcctod from it. It is true that the work of retrenchment com menced by previous Administrations had been carried on, the expenditure of the boom year, 1889-90, amounting to £9,645,736, had been gradually cut down until the estimate /for the present financial year stood at £7,023,292. But it may be doubted whether the Pattcrsonian method of retrenchment was on tho right linos. To simply out down tho salaries of tho public servants again and again was hut a poor substitute for a comprchensivo scheme of reducing tho public expcnditnro by the consolidation of the departments and the elimination of unnecessary work. What immediately brought tho Patterson Government to grief was the obvious in capacity of the Treasurer, Mr. G. D. Carter. "When lie presented his Budget to the House at the end of July, ho had to confess that he had in tho previous year overestimated his revenue by no loss than £844,000, and that there was an actual doficit of £665,328. Although the railway revenue was plainly falling, he estimated that lie would get £200,000 more than in tho previous year. As a matter of fact lie got £87,617 less. This tendency to 'inflation was visible in the now Budget, in which it was assumed that the railway revenue would be greater this year Liiuu last, ulliiuugh the Government had recently remitted freights to tho extent of at least £70,000 per annum. Mr. Carter's proposals for squaring the finances were received with astonishment by the House and the country. The accrued deficit was to ho met by an income tax, and the deficit for tho year was to' be met partly by further retrenchment and partly by a free- trade tariff, which would curtail tho protoctive duties, and Buhmit every imported article in common use, now upon tho free list, to revenue duties. The rich man's champagne was tu be cheapened, while tho poor man's kerosene and the poor woman's cotton dress materials were to be made doarer. And although tho duties on wines, spirits and beer were to be largely reduced tliey were to yield more revenue than before — an anticipation based apparently on the prospect of somo great Bacchanalian outbreak on tho part of the Victorian population. There had been previous indications that tha free traders in the Cabinet had captured the Premier. That gontleman at Williams- town had giveu utterance to some strong anti- protective sentiments. Possibly when the honor of knighthood had been conferred upon him tho |Promior conceived that ho shfllild give a Thorakinn llavor to his poli tics. What is.hiore lilcoly is that ho was misled by the-orroneous contention of tho Conservative; organ that thoro was a strong frco-trado reaction in the colony. Tho falsity of this opinion was shown at a later period, when tho frec-triulo organisation was found to consist mostly of Singlo Taxers, who aro only free-traders in Ilia senso that they would fain wipe out all sources of revenue other than tho tnxalion of land. Binding that the Treasurer's Budget was received with general derision. Ministers Hung it on the table of tho House, and virtually invited lion, mouthers to amend it in any way they liked. This surrender of its con stitutional position did not avert the fate of tho Government. It was defeated, and instead of retiring appealed to tho country. Tho gonernl olection which followed was remarkable in its character. The Minis terial party was shattered, savcral of tho Ministers failed to secure their re-election, the Premier himself just nianagod to escapo rejection, aud his adherents in tho old Houso went down like ninopins. One of tho features of tho election was tho largo infusion of now blood into tho House nnd the number of young mon re turned. Tho "Conservative reaction" myth was effectually disposed of by tho electors returning 70 professed Liberals ns against 25 declarod Conserva tives, while tho avowed free-traders in tho new House arc but n handful. Notwith standing tho large admixture of young men, Liberal veterans in tho poisons of Messrs. W. Collard Smith, Longmoro and It. D. lteid found their way into tho House. The electoral defeat of tho Government was so crushing that Sir .Tames Patterson did not wait to receive his formal dismissal from the Houso. Ho resigned at once, and Mr. Turner was entrusted with the task of forming a now Government. When tho new Houso mot it performed a graceful act in unanimously electing Sir Graham Berry Speaker, but it displayed less taste in reap pointing Mr. E. O. Mason as Chairman of Committees. Tho work cut out for the now Govern ment was identical with that which the two previous Ministries had failed to accomplish. It had to provido for restor ing order to tbo public finances and to balatico the revonuo and expenditure of the colony. Mr. Turner's policy was to reduce expenditure by retrenchment and increase revenue by direct taxation. This policy was beforo tho country at tho general election, as wore also bhcdclusive expedients of tho Patterson Government and the profligate proposal of Mr. Harper to meet the deficit by borrowing and trust to some thing turning up. By returning a large majority to support Mr. Turner, the country endorsed the dictum that the State must pay its way, and that any new taxa tion required should be levied in accordance with tho moans of the taxpayer. When the present Treasurer prcsontcd his Budget in November, he provided for cutting down the expenditure by slicing of! £5000 from the salaries of Ministers of tho Crown, £100 per annum from the pay of each member of Parliament, with corre sponding reductions in the allowances to the Speaker, the Chairman of Committees, and tho corresponding officers in the Legis lative Council, by reducing the municipal snbsidy by £110,000 and by other savings. The Treasurer estimated the deficiency lie had to meet at £528,073, and lie proposed to meet it by levies of £500,000 on the unim proved value of land in town and country, £100,000 on incomes derived from other sonrcos than land, and £20,000 on absentees. Ho proposed to exempt incomos up to £200 and land to the extent of £100. Tho £73,000 which tho Patterson Government intended to squeeze out of tho civil servants was to bo foregone, and tho prosent land tax and primage duties givon up. A very bitter antagonism has boen displayed towards tho land values tax by the representatives of tbo "classes." At first tho opposition was declared to bo inspired by pity for "the poor farmer," and when that plea was met by raising the exemption to £500, tho Upper House was urged to reject tho Bill out of considera tion for the poor money lenders, who would he taxed on their mortgages. Asa revenue producer tho measure was clipped down considerably in Committee; but the House worked hard with a viow to settling the financial questions and terminating tlie session at Christmas. But trouble arose from tho attitude assumed by the Council. Although Mr. Turner had promised to include all his financial measures in one Bill, he had been subsequently induced to divide them, and this boing resented by tho Assembly the whole were included in an undoubted money Bill, which tlie Council could reject, but not amend. Sir Bred crick Sargood, the Minister of Defence, and liis honorary colleague, Mr. Pratt, who aro sticklers for imaginary privileges of tho Council, retired from the Cabinet ; and the Council, instead of passing the Bill and facilitating tho closing of the session, postponed its consideration till tho 3rd January. The year consequently closes with a threatened revival of tho old constitutional question, involving a quarrel between tho two Ilousoa, and a possibility of the financial scheme of the Ministry being upset for the time by tho rejection of the Taxation Bill by the Legislative Coun cil. We do not supposo that tho first diffi culty will he productive of anything more than a wearisome repetition of tlie old arguments, but it would bo a very serious matter were tho Council at the present juncture to oxorcise its suspensory veto and force tho Government to lay its taxation scheme before the country. Tha financial drift lias continued so long that any further delay in effecting a settlement would ho most prejudicial to the interests of tho community. If tlie members of tho Council aro wise, they will recognise that even an imperfect financial sclieiuo is just now better than none at all, and will leave the responsibility for the Taxation Bill with the House which has the con stitutional right to determine what taxation shall be imposed and how it Bliall be raised. The nation taken during the riffimc of Mr. Service for substituting administration by irresponsible Commis sioners for political control was disappoint ing in its results, and has been gradually moderated, botli in tho Railways and tho Public Servico generally. The Public Service Commissioners have been dispensed with, and their duties transferred to the Audit Commissioners. The Railway manage ment is still in suspense, the Acting- Coin- missioucrs having been reappointed for a limited period, to givo time for considera tion as to what the ultimate railway control shall be. As the bulk of the annual defioit is duo to the railways not paying, it is of tlie highest importance that strict economy should he observed in the department. It is proposed to appoint a Board of business men with a view to discovering how that object can be best attained. Tho Tariff Commission not having completed its labors last year, it was reconstituted after the Turner Government look office, and is now pur- . suing its investigations. Tlie original Ministerial programme was that Parlia ment, having dealt with the financial measures, should rise at Christinas, and that the Houses should reassemble. in March for n special session, in which tho tariff should he revised with a viow to tho removal of- anomalies. Tho prolongation of tho prosont session through tho notion of tho Legislative Council has necessarily introduced an clement of uncertainty into futuro Parliamentary proceedings, which must depend vory much upon tho courso which the Council may soo fit to adopt in connection with tho Taxation Bill. Tho second trial of tlie Speight v. Symo caso terminated with a virtual verdict for the defendant, but an application by tlie plaintiff for a new trial is still pending. Tho prominenco given to tho fact that the present state of the libel law in t'ni3 colony gives great facilities for worrying news paper proprietors lias not unnaturally pro duced a crop of frivolous actions, iu which tho newspapers when thoy defended success fully wero left to pay tlioir oufe costs owing to tho impccuniousness of tlie attacking parties. The state of thcjlaw which allowed nowspapors to ho blaclpiuiled has long been amended iu tlie motlier country, and the New Smith Wales Parliament lias been called upon to effect a reform of n like character. It is to bo fiopoil that another session of the Victorian Parlia ment will not bo allowed to expire without tho assimilation of tho local libel law to that of England. The social condition of tlie people during the year has continued depressed, although thero are signs of a turning of tho tide. Tho buttor export trado has oxpandod in a remarkable manner, so much so indeed that English farmers are growing alarmed, and aro protesting against the unimpeded entry into the British market of Australian " bounty " fed " butter, Tho protestors are mis taken in thinking that Australian butter is "bounty fed." The bounty was only given at the initiation of tha trade, and now, so far as Victoria is con cerned, tho trado stands on its inde pendent merits just as much as docs that of other countries from which England draws supplies. It is remarkable, then, that tlie English dairymen should bo more alarmed at tlio Victorian competition than of that of Denmark, which exocods it. Rot only has tho butter export trado expanded during tlio year just closed, hut the exports of food supplies of all kinds, from frozen meat to poultry, liavo grown. Tlio drawback to this growth of Victorian production and trado is tlie exceptionally low price of all staples. Wheat and wool scarcely fetch the cost of their production, and it is to this circum stance that the continuanco of the depres sion is mainly due. Attention is now being called to tlie necessity for giving greater attention to by-products, and especially to tho supply of tlie local market with many articles which are now unneces sarily imported from abroad. Tliorc lias boen during the year a healthy activity in mining, both for gold mid coal. Tlio gold mining industry would liavo been still fur ther extended bat for tho capital and labor drawn away to tlie West Australian fields. The conviction is growing, however, that, all things considered, there is a better mining field for both capital and labor in Victoria itself. Crimes of violence — murders, suicides and robberies under arms — have been un pleasantly numerous during 1894, and seem to indicate an increasing disregard of tho sanctity of human life. The case of Martha Needle was one of great atrocity. There is room for bolieving that this woman lind pursued a systematic courso of poisoning, neither husband nor child, friends nor lover escaping hor homi cidal tendency. Brought to bock at last, she expiated her crimes on the scaffold, making an addition to tho sirall fist of women who have been hanged ii Victoria. It is a relief to turn fro re crime to more folly, even when tho labor is asso ciated with a certain amount of fraud. A revival of the ghost superstition under a new narao lias taken place of hto years in the colonies as elsewhere. In .-Sydney tlio cultivation of spooks has assunod the pro portions of an industry. It wis there that Mrs. Mellon inspired awe unongsb tlio faithful with the aid of her three favorite sprites. But the denon of doubt finds its way into evory Iden, and a sceptical beholder of the winders, sud denly grabbing a spook, fouid himself in possession of tho medium— sipposed to he securely fastened in a cabino'. Since then conjurors both in Sydney md Melbourne have produced Mrs. Mollon's" materialised "spirits" on the stage without tho slightest regard to the " reerved rights " of their original author. Death lias been busy diring tho year amongst the oldor generatim of colonists. Much regret was felt in political and litevary circles by tlie temisc of Dr. Pearson, who was officiatiig as Secretary to tha Agent-General's department in London. As a man of leters Dr. Pearson contributed to the mental progress of tho race. As a politician ho cmferred benefits, not always sufficiently rengnised, on tlie people of Victoria. Ho vas instrumental in elevating tlio tone J Parliamentary debate and in resisting the tendency of the Assembly to siulc to t municipal level. That he was not a pcrsna grata to the Conservative party is no surprising. Ho naturally refused to roco.-nisc more wealth as a claim to distinctioi when it was un accompanied by culture and ho displayed liis own olovation of innd by his hearty sympathy with tho peqie. New South Wales ha< its Parliamentary revolution during the year as well as Victoria. Sir George Ebbs, when lie usod "a groat big D" abut Chicago, only indicated the arrogate and incptuess which subsequently mile liim unpopular in his own colony. Tl s personal unpopu larity told against the Irotectionis t party at the general election, bit something was due to the depression, wlch, in New South Wales as elsewhere, lis a tendency to turn men against tho instilitions that be. At all events, the defeat if tlio Dibbs Govern ment involved tho ; amporary eclipse of protection, sinoc it brought into powor Mr. Reid with a srong free-trade pro gramme. Tlie protecion which was initia ted under the ausices of Sir George Dibbs was of " auiei a Lcululivu character. It fell' tliort of encouraging native industry ii most departments, although it certaiiy induced the land holders to pay mon attention to agricul ture, and to endeavc to relieve the colony of tho reproach thai notwithstanding the favorable soil and clmate of much of its territory, New Sout Wales was unable to provide food enoup for its million of people. Mr. lteid promised the Sydney free-traders that he would re-estab lish the interos of tho importing class by sweopig away every - duty which had even aiincidcntally protective effect, but he lis not done so. Tho necessary accompaiment of a thoroughly free-trade policy pcli as that presented by Mr. lteid, where tb import duties aro to bo confined to only afow articles in general use and which canot ho produced in the colony, is direo'txatioii, and the Sydney free-traders are n more enamored of that than are our owe So, with the ire of tho farmers who jive tasted tho benefits of protection bcire him, and tho horror of direct taxatm evinced by men of his own fiscal felt, Mr. Reid has had to do as hie fello' free-traders in Victoria have dona— consul to administer a protec- tionist tariff. Ills justification is that In fnco of a declining revonuo owing to th0 depression ho cannot afford to sacrifice income. In fact ho has had to introduce taxes on land and income, in addition to tho protective import duties which ho pro. fosses to abhor. It is pleasant to obsorve that in the matter of fedoration Now South Wales opinion is progressive. When Sir Georgo Dibbs liccamo Premier ho had to become a convert to federal viows, although, liko Sir Henry Bailees when ho was in powor, ho had an imprac ticable Hchomo of his own to propose, which was jnst as effective a harrier to Uto progress of tlio federal movement as open opposition. Sir George Dibbs's schomo was but a mollification of that of Sir Henry Barkcs, who suggested tlio rcabsorptioa of all tlie separated provinces in the mother colony. Sir George was content to begin by amalgamating Now South Wales nnd Victoria. The scheme was regarded with amused indifference iu both colonics, and only strengthened tho conviction of tho Australian natives that the road to federa tion does nob lie through the professional politicians. Mr. Reid seems more oarnost in tlio matter, and is shortly to have an opportunity of showing whether ho is more practical. At his suggestion a conference of Premiers is to be held in llohart a month honcc, when lie will have an opportunity of showing on what terms New South Wales is prepared to enter the Australian concord. Unfortunately, people have no confidence in tho federal profes sions of Now Soutli Wales politicians. What they agree to in confcrcnco or con vention they oppose tacitly or openly in tlioir own Parliament, and convoy tlio im pression to tlie other colonics that they have been talking federation with their tongues in their cheeks. South Australia, on tho other hand, maintains its rage for experimental legisla tion. Its latest move in that direetion lias been, not only to confer the franchise on women, bub to authorise their sitting in Parliament. It can only ho said that the one concession logically involves the other. The colony, however, was allowed to drop out of tlio Federal Council through a dis. agreement between the two Houses as to the relativo amount of tlioir representa tion. This fiasco is the more absurd that tlio representation in tha Federal Council had jusb been enlarged at the request of South Australia. , The most notable event of tlie yoar in connection with intercolonial affairs was the conference at Ottawa. There it was determined to push on the Pacific cable scheme and to encourage direct intercourse botween Canada and Australia. The Pan- Britannic spirit found its free utteranco at the conference. Nowhere so mucli as in Canada is thoro more said about tlie establishment of an Imperial Zollvcroin and making tlio British Empire commer cially self-sufficing. Rut in practice Canada cannot ignore the overwhelming import ance of her trade with tlie United States, and sinco tho Ottawa Conference was Isold the Dominion Parliament lias entered into a commercial treaty with France which gives French wines a preference over Aus tralian ones at tlio Canadian Customs I In the mother country there have been no startling events in tho political world. Irish Homo Rule seems to have vanished from the political stage with Mr. Glad- Btone, who, however, has just been expressing his righteous indignation at tlie Turkish atrocities in Armenia, Practically, tho one plank of the Liberal party for tho next elec toral campaign is a vigorous attack upon tho Houso of Lords, with a view to limiting the right of the hereditary Chamber to veto tho Bills passed by tlio Commons. It : must bo ovidont that the position of the Lords in legislation hecomci increasingly anomalous as tho constitution of tho House of Commons grows mote democratic. But Lord Rosebory's pro posal to limit action to a declaratory resolution in the Lower Houso, although good enough for election purposes, hardly points the way to practical reform. The House of Lords, as now constituted, is singularly weak, except on such raro occasions as it lias public opinion at its back, and thore is always tho danger of making a second Chamber more powerful by somo ill-considered scheme of reform. Lord Rosebory has the credit of dealing with foreign affairs in a firmer way tlinn did Mr. Gladstone. Although he has kept aloof from tho Triple Alliauco, he has not satisfied France, which seems just now to have one of its fits of Anglophobia, tlio only practical result of which is likely to he tlie strengthening of the British navy. The most remarkable departure in inter national politics is, however, the amicable relations botween Great Britain aiulRussia That is perhaps dictated by a sensible policy. They aro both Asiatic Powers, and neither of them presumably desires more Asiatic territory. Bismarck's great object was to guard against French aggression by keeping on good terms with Russia. It ii no less tlie policy of Groat Britain to ward off a combined attack by France and Ituasij. The new aspecb of affairs has had tho goal effect of preventing complications arising out of tho war between China and Japan. The Chinese have been badly beaten in that encounter, and Japan iB left the un mistakably dominant Powor in tho East. The death of Alexander III. of Russij, and tlie succession of his son Nicholas, would afford an opportunity for developing n new Eastern policy by England and Russia in combination, if Russian diplo matic professions could bo relied on. "While Monarchs nnd Prime Minister! lormulato tlioir schemes of policy and make and unmake alliances, there aro disturbing forces beneath tho surface til society which have not failed during tlie year that is past to remind mankind of their existence. Tho growth of Anarchism in Franco, Italy and Spain is nn ugly slgu of tho times. The ambi tion of this singular sot of irreconcii- . ables is to revel in indiscriminate slaughter. The object is to strike terror into society, probably with a view to levy ing blackmail. The assassination of Presi dent Carnot by one of these fanatic! created a painful sensation, not only i: Franco, bat throughout the civilised ivorld. The Anarchists profess that mankind would ho the more virtuous and happy if freed from tho restraints of authority, and they givo tlie lie to their own theory by displaying a tigerish instinct to kill. Socialism is another revolutionary force, but one which operates on different lines from those of tho Anarchists. While the latter would abolish all organised authority, leaving each individual a law unto himself, the Socialises proposo to extend tlie authority of tho Stato into every department of human life. In spilo of prosecution and persecution, this party grows in strength in Germany, where it b largely represented in the Legislature of the Empire. Tlie Socialists in tho Bciclis- rath lately gave great umbrage to the loyal section by refusing to rise when tlio Em peror made liis appearance. This want of courtesy was just as silly as its cause- one of the usual indiscreet speeches of tho Emperor to the soldiers. It is not unlikely that the social problems which have given birth to the diverse but equally subversive movements on tlio European Continent will ho solved neither by German Socialists nor Frencli Anarcli- ists, lint in tlio freer atmosphere of Groat JtriLnin and tho United States. In llio latter country tlio Labor quosLion ia always to tlio fore, and in tho early part of tlio past year presented itself in somewhat of a jnodiioval form, when Coxcy inarched his strange army upon Washington. 