GENERALITIES. A piece of evidence in a Quebee breach of promise ca:iro was a cuff with an offer of marriage wlitten on it. One night while the defenda?t was holding the plaintiff's hand and whhsporing'fervid words, he popped the question in man:uscript on the smooth linen of her wrist. Shel was snoutimental or chrewd enough to keep that article out of the wash, and it has proved of practica! value. The Queen does not approve of latachkeys. Tho young Princesses of Wales, so the story goes, recently reided at B3uhinghanm Palace, and to avoid the formalities of the Royal entrance they asked to be supplied with latchkeys in order to leIt. thcnmllves out and in by a sidedoor. 'The matter was laid before the Queen, who sent wold to the Princesses that she considered latchkeya out of p'aco at Buehintghamn Palace. " Perhaps the woman who spends the mest in the whole world on cestumes is Madame Earah Bernhardt. home little time ago," bays a cobtumicr, "tho embroidery off one of her mantles was brought here, and they wanted mo to buy it. I would notlike to columit my self as to the price demanded, but I think it was over £1000. With Bornhardt price is simply no cnsideOiration at all. If she takes a fancy to a thing it is ordered, coot what it may, and she hls spent more over coOtulnmes than any living person " An indignant meorican woman has been vigorously using her pen to attack the sosial clhams of America-those of New York in particular. She cays:-" This is the day of shame. I know a woman who is supposed to entertain lavishly, yet who rarely receives a guest. I call her functios ' ghost parties,' beccause they are only the sbadows of the substance, the cront itself being purely imaginary. Why, that woman lhae gainCed her reputttion for ontertain ing, and has received no end of dinner invi tations on absolutely nothing at all! I have suspected her tactics for some time, and now I am quite sure that what I asseart is, indeed, truu--that in nine eases ouit of ten her din ners ara purely imaginary. She has a clever way of finding out whois engaged, to whom, and then she rasks people who she knows oan niot come to her house, and so scores to her social account, with no other outlay than her crected paper and dainty lseal." 