NOT A SAIN T,. OCAPTER XXXI.-Continued. Her shrill vibrating voice broke oft in a peal of hysterical:laugher; she fell back upon the couch-she was almost feinting. Fright ened as she was, little Judy was yet- not so beside herself as to ring for assistance; in stead, she -ian'to the door and turned the key. -No servants' prying 'eyes should look in uponsth 'sc&iie;, she thought. She flung open the window,. loosened Magdalen's dress at the throat, raised-her head, and sprinkled scent and water upon her face. If not 'quite insensible,Z she was nearly' so-white, still. riid enbough for death. Jiudy; waiting, ,watching h'er eagerly, was thrilled with a suddenterror. Could she.be dead? 'Could "she have.died in an instant, as she knew Mheg had died3 It was only a a. passing :fear.:: Something of life, a faint tinge of colour, 'came stealing back to Iakg. dalen's'?face, her' lips moved,: her eyelashes quivered. Sl6W-Iy'very slowly, her dark eyes opened, and she stared about her vacantly. Then, with a moan that wrung the very heart of the watcher, she turned and hid her face in -the pillows of the couch. Judy, all compassion now, went down upon her knees beside her; Magdalen, don't be aiigr~y at whab I said just now. Forgivde me, dar' ! ,I couldn't seeiyou break, your own heart and his, and `istan~ by "with'ineve .a word-I couldn't; because lI .care for you so ,dearly, and like him so much. H:'ow could you 'send him away from you ? How had you the strength ,'o?'the heiart. I `He has loIved you from' the very first-abh, I have seen it I--and you you know you have loved him !' :', no,!' ~ agdalen. muttered, in a dull, istifl ed.voice. ' Don't say so, Judy-you-' you don't know I : c -:Don't knnow,?' Judy's cheeks'turned red 'gaiitiriy her' clear- voice rang out almostias indignantly as it had done liefore' 'Do you Sl'thfoll'I i', blid,' sho 'cried, ¶or that he is ? You don't,love him ?? .an you even try to deceive yourself .by. saying, that V ?You can't keep.it:out of .your eyes when you look at b. ihitm,`: you, ,can't:keep it' out Hof your voice when you speak to him, or out of"'our tir: ''ge'rswheni' ytou touch himn I 'Do you thilk he'liasii't seen itiandi hard it and felt it a "' i'thousand times'? 'And npow you have lied to himu-yes, it is a lie l:--andusuat himawaij I ,Wlhjyrn.mustthe think of you -what can-' ' Judy, Judy, hush I 'i)oi,'t :go on,' Mag dalen gasped breathlessly-' don't go on r Ety u 'torture me I' .. "I 'torture"you for a minute, because I won't, if ;I can help it, let you torture your Sself for the rest of your life,' Judy answ eo I bravely. ' Ah, my dear, why have you I,een :,-so falsean i. cruel to yourself and to him ? What will his life 'be worth to him apart ?! from' you ? ' What will yours be to you apart from him,.' She raised herself" t press h'?r ch'eek" against 'Maigdalen's; hair. ' There's enough misery in our lives at the best,' she "said ina navhisper; 'why should we try Lo 'make our own ? . You know ,you love him, : Magdalen-that' in' your heart you' would rather be 'dead than parted from him. SWouldn't you ?' ' Oh, child, a thousand :times I ' Magdalen oried, with?',ioanii. "Oh, if only' my wish could have been granted I should have lain deadtat his'feet to.night 1 Oh, I wish' it had \--I.wish it. had '- .. ' . Judy pasCed'hierirm round her as she lay, and presseda kiss upon her hair. ' D.n''b "wish:'it,' she said .softly, ' don't wish` ib;, 'i; y'dear. Instead of that, think of i, ( !ivipng withe ; him, think of ibeing his wife. [,,Think,.of the xmisery :you have given him now,fand'then:df the joy you can give him with a word. Send-for him, darling, when the morning comes.-set it right to-morrow.' • ?? + Iagdile'n' did not answer; she lay, beneath Juidy's ttnder touch and caresses, so utterly rigi~i and. still that she hardly seemedt to breathe.. iThen slowly, very slowly, she raised herself and 'sat up, press ing iher h~ind hion her` forehead,' and-looking straight bbfor'e her' fixedly. Ye " Y ss, ''l e'said, in a low.even tone-' yes, I will set it righb to-morrow.'.' SY,ou,willocraied Judy joyfully. ,,Yes.'".,Sihe putaside the arms which.the little creature had--flung about her in her eager delight,and: stood: erect.' ' Yes-nmy senses are coling': ack now ;I see what to do., . You shall not:be puzzled much 'longer, goudf, rr; nri- all h>' You don't understand ,m'e nosw.' Comteto me here in the morniing early, and you shall. I'll set it right.to morrow. M:,:;.'(Ybu' really will- you really mean it ' cried:Judy .eagerly; and: now embracing her whether she would ;or ciot. 'Oh, I could jump for joy, 1dearest; to think th?t all this milery i?i over and (lone with. Ah,'I knew you couldn't keep.itr up-I knew that you er lovod hirm too much; ' Why won't you tell ii .meinow.what you: iiean ' Why need it wait till the morning ? No; no-I'm a wretch to ýs that. Y=ou are upset ; you are as white :aaiL ghost: You must sleep and, rest, dear ; anI'llu fome to you the first thing in the ,mtorning, ,Do you mean before I go down etairs ?' :;?v.:.' Yes, before you go down.' 'Well,. I will. But if you're asleep I j sha'n't disturb you ; I'll wait.' `:-' You won't disturb me, and you will nit :hae t?i wait.' Magdalen: ,untly but fi-yrn y remioved :.the girl's arms from ahbut her ' Goreow;! shi said sttadily ; ' ITinust rest, Gouiod ight.' -- : :' Awed; in asito of h 'rself, 'I y. Magdalen's " f.'cahlui, Whii.: was sunmelhiw stranger than her wildly:ristriactecd agony of a moment or two ":.lefr;,"Jdiiy ,suhmited without protest to sle dlimiss d.' ,She echolod the 'Good niglht' and raised her face to kiss her friend. As \--shedid sý, 'Magdalen suddenly caught her in her armn, sank down upon the couch, clasp ing h-r still, and btirit into passionatu tears upon her b,osoem. '- Judy, Judy;' she cried wildly, ' you lov me, don't you 1 You care for me almost as -. ,younmight if I were your sister ?, I Yes-yes, "yopu .?;t,T ktow you .do. · Oh, kiss me, my dear. Let ~me feel that some woman as good and true and innocent as you are chOrishes me in\her.heart toonight.' 1-iiroid4 dedaw?vy ?it violent sobs shook her from head to foot.. Little Judy,. in a ;:' liminad(finire pti 'led thin ever, embraced and kissud ,I?,,tnd ,consoled her with all the 4HnU "lJ J i affectionate and comforting words that she could utter. The paroxysm did not last; in avery little while Magdalen ,was calm again. Judy presently tightened 'the clasp'of her arm about her waist. 'Wnonld you rather I: went away, Mag dalen,' she asked in a whisper, ' or shall I stay 4' ; 'Stay--just a moment.' Heohrad had not been raised from the other's shoulder, and she did not raise it now. 'Judy. after to-morrow-any time-if, he should " ever speak to you about me--' = Do you mean Mr. Thornycroft-l' cried Judy, with wide.open eyes. . 'Yes-he may-I think he will. If he should, toll him what I tell you now.' She stopped. Judy waited a little while, and then asked \- Well, tell him what, dear ?' 'Tell him,' said Magdalen, raising her face a little and speaking steadily, but with an intense earnestness which made her low voice thrill through the quiet room-' tell him that I loved him with all my soul I Tell him chat I never loved him so utterly as to-night, when I tried to send him from me.. Tell him that, were the choice mine to make, I would cast the world aside to be his wife, without a doubt, without a regret I Tell him that I would suffer any agony to spare him one pang, and that I would joyfully die for.his sake. Tellhim that, as the one kiss I gave, himyWas the first I ever. gave to -any man, so I shall kiss no other-until I die !' She moved and rose. Judy, with a per plexed look on her face that was not without a touch of amusement, rose with her. '' Well, but, my darling,' she said in a tone of remonstrance, ' I don't see why you should want.me to tell him all this, when you'll be able to tell him all of it yourself to-murrow. I don't suppose that after- that he'll care for it secoindhand, and that's the truth. Hqw dreadfully pale you are. I'll say 1' Good night" now; I'm sure you want rest. I shall come in to'you the very' first thing in -the morning.' With a last emb.race and kiss Judy went away, softly shutting the door behind her. Lingering for a moment to listen, thinking she might be recalled, she fancied she heard a sound as though Magdalen had again sunk heavily. upon the couch; but, although she waited and listened for some time, she heard nothing more, and so stole cautiously and noiselessly away. She would haverheard-no more ift she had waited and listened for hours.. -,One, two, three o'clock -went by,' and Malgthilen had not.stirred;; ,She play as slielthad dropped down, her hands hanging inerveless, staring upward with a dullHfixed gaze. She did ieot sigh, she did not weep ; she hardly seemed to live. The great house had:long.been silent, the lights in her room were dying out, the short darkness of the suinmner night was Ealing before 'the radviance of tlie coming dawn, when at last she moved. She rose and stood for. n while beside the couch, her face hidden in lier hands,.not, it seemed, in emotion, but in a'desperato endeavour to steady her mind sufficiently to think. When she raised her head her. face was snow white. There was to be no more weakness, there were to be no more tears, no further passionate outcry. As firmly ns she had ever moved in her life, shi walked acrosb to her.desk, sat down 'to it,:.opened it, and began to write. Thiero,was no quivering of the hand, no faltering of the will; she wrote firmly, steadily, ne.ver waiting for a word, never pausing-to think. She folded the closely. written sheets at last, put them into an eiveflope, anil upon it wrote Judy's name. 'That,'e he said, in the old dull monotone \- will mnake'hor understand.' She pub the letter in a conspicuous place uponui a little table, where it could not fail to be seen by any one entering the room, and passed into the bed.chamber beyond. She took off her white dress and twisted her magnificnnt hair tightly and.'plainly about her head; then put on thile dress she had coine to Orown.Arden in-her mourning for poor Mleg, All this was done without pause or hesi tation, and without a glance at the -glass. Walking; steadily Ito .the outer1 door, she opened it, a8nd still holding it, looked back upon the beautiful room. : HereIlast look I She. closed 'the door,' and stole& along the corridorhol'dizg~ her breath, rfor Jd.y might be awake. Scrap, keeping his usual faithful vigil outside his mistress's door, rose with a low growl, which ceased as ne recognised the intruder. She bent down and kissed the dog for'Judy's sake. Then she passed on out oF sight, 'and shortly afterwards the silence in the 'house was broken' by 'the closing of a distant door. Outside, a huge watch, dog barked loudly, warningly; inside, little Judy stirred and started and th'en smiled in her sleep. 'That was all. She was gone. 