MARK TWAIN. A CIVIC RECEPTION. About a score of gentlemen, including the Premier and Chief Secretary, members of the . City Council, and others, accepted an invita tion to attend at the Mayor's Parlor on Mon day afternoon for the purpose of meeting Mark Twain. After Mr. Clemens had been introduced to the mayor and company by the American Consul (Mr. C. A. Murphy), the Mayor (Mr. C. Tucker) asked his guests to drink to the health of their illustrious friend, whose name was a household word throughout the colony. He trusted that Mr. Clemens would enjoy his visit to the colony, and that before returning to his native land he would pay a second visit to Adelaide. The toast was heartily received. Mr. Clemens said it was very gratifying to receive their welcome, which was built on the lines of all the hearty welcomes he had received in Australia. He had had the misfortune since lauding in . Australia a few weeks ago to be shut up in rooms and hotels, and so had failed to see much of the outside aspects of Australia; but he had had the happiness to get one or two little glimpses in South Australia, He had seen a portion of . the beautiful city, and he had learnt that what he had read and what people had told him about it was correct. There was another feature of which he had been reminded, and that was, that ' in it there existed a system of city government which was honestly carried out. They had some honest city governments in America—(hear, hear)—indeed they were , the rule, but everyone knew liow one fly in the amber—he had never seen it, but he believed it all the same—always gave the amber , discredit. Where there was one dis-j honest city . government • it quite naturally spread the reputation of the country as being a country of dishonest government. But he was not there to sing . tho praises or point out the defects of his country. He 'simply wished to say a. little in apprecia tion of what he had seen in South Australia. He had seen the hilly country from Aldgate to the city by road, and thought that surely if • the rest of Australia or any small part were half so beautiful it was a fortunate country. He saw everything unfamiliar to his eye along the road except the grass. He had seen grass before. (Laughter.) The trees, shrubs, plants, and flowers were ali new, and they would have remained so had he not been accompanied by his fellow-country man, Mr. Murphy (the consul), who, though knowing nothing "whatever about them, de scribed every one accurately. (Laughter.) That was a friendly ofiiee to perform: When one was a stranger in a strange land the thing he wanted, hungered for, ana longed for, was information about. that country, and ho did not care whether it was correct or not. (Laughter.) All lie wanted was informa tion. He thanked them for the welcome, and ' asked them to drink to the health of the Mayor. ■ The toast was acknowledged, and at the instigation of Councillor Johnson the toast of ■ the American Consul was honored. Mr. Murphy replied. THE SECOND "AT HOME." The man who holds the keys of laughter and unlocks to wearied humanity the treasure house of mirth is a public benefactor, and the simple epitaph " He made bis fellow creatures smile" should prove a more lasting memorial than half the blazoned records of heroic deeds that live in brass. Happily no one is anxious to write the epitaph of America's greatest humorist- Mark Twain, and he too would doubt less willingly be a party to the. indefinite post ponement of any such ceremonial. Apparently there is no limit to the number of people who having read bis works are eager to come under the personal spell of the author of " The Inno cents Abroad," and the Theatre Royal on Monday night was filled to its utmost capacity by an audience anxious to do honor to the ■ magician of the pen. For upwards of two hours the theatre echoed with merriment, now with the pleasant murmur of tho babbling brook, and anon with the loader roar of the swelling river, while even the wearied press man, deprived by managerial success of his accustomed seat, took his laughter standing, and joined with the rest in giving the lecturer hearty welcome. Starting with his little scheme for the regeneration of the human race • by inciting them to commit every crime. known in or out of the decalogue, Mark Twain soon • had his hearers in fits of laughter over the story of the stolen water-melon, or Tom Sawyer's projected crusade in the Holy Land. • A lament for the decadence of the noble art of picturesque lying preceded the relation of the ■ well-known story of the incorporated company of mean men who docked an employe's \- wages for loss of time incurred while flying through the atmosphere after an accident, while the quaint narration of the contract undertaken.by the blue jay of San Francisco, though equally familiar, aroused roars of laughter. Most of the flowers of humor culled from the fields of his own books must have been as old friends to Mark Twain's audience, " but the manner of presenting them was new, and the fact that the author was re-telling : bis own stories added t:o tlieni a peculiar zest. • The pathos with which the recital of the Sorrows.of an old slave was invested, the he difficu quaint.and incisive humor of the difnerflties attending early journalism in Nevada, and the • dramatic intensity which characterised the repetition of "Uncle DanTs Ghost Story" ■ found . ready recognition, and the prince of humorists made his final bow amid loud and continuous applause. . The third Mark Twain "At Home" will be given this evening, when Saturday's programme will bo repeated, a matinee being announced for Wednesday. 