COOLGARDIE. (From our own Correspondent.) November 15. A strange accident occurred yesterday at the rear of the Royal Ho'el, Bay ley- street. A prospecting party had just brought in their camels, and were proceeding to unload them. Among the other impedimenta was a loaded rifle, which was strapped to the back of one of the beasts, with the muzzle pointing forward. Somebody, who, as usual, "did'nt know it was loaded," got fooling with the weapon when it went oflE, lodging a heavy bullet in the camel's skull, whereupon the animal rolled over and gave up the ghost. The adjourned meeting in reference to the fire brig-ide and salvage corps,.was,held yesteiday afternoon at the Council Chambers. Mr. Pylte occupied the chair. . Mh Pearce reported what had been jdone,;. and stated that necessary materials ? ta the yalue of £20 had been purchased âtid storéà, Iso that they would be to a certain extent ready should a fire break out immediately. Mr. A. G. Hales, one of the collecting sub-committee appointed, read the list of subscriptions received and promised to date, the total amount being something over £184. The secretary and chairman each supplemented this with donations of £2 2s. each. No reports were .received fpom other collectors. /Messrs iSomm&rsland; Vance were added to-the collecting committee. On the motion of Mr.. Hales the s.ub- oommittee wefc instructed to wait as a"deputation on Sir Joh n Forrest on 1rs arrival in Coolgardie, and adJe'd to the sub-committee, Si It was resolved to issue circulars to the banking and insurance institutions, mining companies, etc., i»que8ting subscriptions. . In regard to the uniform it was suggested that helmets and gauntlets should be obtained, or single armbadges for the present to distinguish the men. but full power to deal with this and other matters was delegated to the sub-commiltee. The names of 27 volunteer firemen were submitted, and it was decided to call them together,, for inspection on Saturday . afternoon. ; The following are the ar^va#fr$ni .Boorabbin yesterday :—Messrs. Logie. Briggs, Stewart (3), Penberthy, Rearden, Miller, and Brewery, Miss Wilkinson, and Mesdames Taylor (2), Penberthy, and Saddler. 