[?] THE HIGHWAYMAN'S GHOST. [BY J. J. SANDEMAN.] When the. fires burn frostily and the snow lies on 'the- ground,' visions of my father rise, clearly from the past. Once more I see his kindly face and massive- figure in his favourite high backed chair, and we youngsters clus tered round ', listeniner to tales of half a century ago. As we became older he adapted his stories to our years, and one of these I will try to tell as nearly in his own words as possible. \- ' 'Welljboys,' said my father.settling himself comfortably near . the fire, .?ghost stories are somewhat beyond my experiences, but I was mixed up in an affair of that kind once. There ?were no railways in the days I am going to tell about, and I was on my first trip by coach from Perth to London. We had four inside passen gers. There was a fat, merry little gentleman, his tall, spare, eolemn looJfcing-wife, and two portly, middle aged brothers with bald heads. The only traveller, outside the coach besides myself was a fellow country man. His name was Archibald M'Gregor; he was very tall, for though I am over six feet he had the best of me in height by at. least two inches ; his sloping shoulders and narrow chest, however, promised little strength. His pale severe face, and fierce dark eyes reminded me of a picture I had seen in Glasgow of one of the old covenan ters,, and I had built up all kinds of romantic stories concerningM'Gregor's ;past history, in consequence. The Bequal will show how far I was right in my estimation of his character. '' During ' this particular afternoon M'Gregor had told me many interes ting stories, but as the sun went down he placed his hand on my shoulder in a kindly way, and said, ' Well, young man, I hppe we shall meet again some day. I go no further than the Red Lion, where we stay to-night, and take this opportunity oi wishing you for tune in the great city to which you are going; with perseverance and honesty for your motto you will succeed, as Scotchmen do wherever money is to be made.' 'M'Gregor was silent for quite a long time, but at last, as though in answer to his own thoughts, he said, ' Yes, it is exactly twelve months since I stayed at the Red Lion; the inn is extremely comfortable, but I had a terrible experience during the night — I saw a ghost.1 ' c A ghost ! ' I repeated in consider able astonishment. ' ' Yes, a ghost ; and what is more, I expect to see it again this very night. In fact, it is my only reason for taking this journey ; but don't say anything aoout wnat l am going to tell you, tor it might injure the landlord's busi ness.' ,-??'' ' I assured him he could depend on my silence, and he continued. 'On that night I went to bed rather late ; about three o'clock in the morning I was awakened by a cock crowing, and had just composed myself again, when there was a sudden, mysterious sort of crash, and looking up I saw a fearful thing standing in the room. It was a highwayman ; his eyes were starting from their sockets; a hangman's rope was round his neck, and with its end he drew, in phosphorescent characters on the floor the^e words—- ' ' 'Be here twelve months from now, or I'll haunt you to your dying day/ I sat up in bed but the ghost was gone. ''Is it not just possible it was a dream F; I said, for he bad paused. ' ' Dream, sir P No, sir,' he replied indignantly. 'Do you suppose I: would travel several hundred miles for a dream. I believe, and have always believed, in ghosts. NeveV having seen a supernatural being before, I made enquiries of those who knew some thing of these matters, and they strongly advised me not to risk being haunted to my dying day by the horrible apparition, so I have made this journey in hopes that, after revealing the cause of its visits, the spirit may rest in its grave. Ah; here is the inn.' ' The Red Lion was a very old two storied building, with gables at the ends, and a large square opening in the centre, through which the coach drove to the stables beyond. We enjoyed the wholeiome substantial meal prepared for us, and soon afterwards, by special request, the landlord came into the room and brewed us a bowl of punch. His reputation in this now nearly lost art was well deserved, and so much was it appreciated that some of our party insisted he should partake of his own handiwork.- The thin lady befor* referred to, after a good deal of pet-suasion, consented to drink half a tumbler of punch, and we were soon comfortably discussing various topics of the day. ? ? ' Before proceeding with my story J. must tell you, that the, this lady and her husband had the very uncom fortable name of Hannie. It espec ially jarred on my ear when the wife addressed the fat little gentleman as Hann?©, which she did now, and in formed him that it hardly seemed pro , per for a lady to sit up drinking punch with so many gentlemen. Now, as Mr Hannie was overflowing with excellent anecdotes and always laughed heartily at mine, I was afraid he would go away with his wife, so not knowing, I was doing anything extraordinary, I suggested that the landlord's wife might be willing to make one of our party. The brothers— who by the way, addressed each other as Dick and Ned — looked very indignant ; the lady and M'Gregor very much surprised ; and the landlord very uncomfortable. But Mr Hannie, with a mischievous look at the brothers, said heartily* ?? G-ood idea, I'm sure we will all be most happy to see our hostess amongst us ; bring her in, Chapman, bring her in.' a 'Chapman, the landlord, left the room, and shortly returned with ? *? '? wife. She was a large, eorpuV'^ qjI lady, with a cairngoim broe'''Q ^ ^ r neck, and bright Ted riF00Da in her hair; noKtbat^hui constituted her entire costume, --, f,qmi1. f ^ faad so many floun^Sj ;la^ frillgj aBd other nonsense th;at I wa8 reminded forcibly of. » ve?7. small shop. in. Perth, the wmrtow of which she much resembled. Girs Chapman, however, possessed tact, lorshe-seated'herself'on a huge horse-hair sofa at the further end of the room, and followed her husband's example by only speaking when ad dressed. 1 ' ? Sir,' said Mr, Hannie to Mr M'Gregor when we were settled, « as I understand you have made this journey several times, I thought you might have some interesting experi ences to relate. If bo, I am sure they will be acceptable.' ' M'Grregor, who had been attack ing the punch with some vigour, took the landlord by the arm and led him to a corner of the room, where a mys terious conference at last came to an end by the landlord saying aloud, 'My dear sir, tell the story by all means, I'm not afraid the ghost will hurt my business, and as it is near Chriitmas such tales are seasonable.' 'M'Gregor then related what he had told me on the' coach. Whether it was the punch that had refreshed his memory or not, I do not pretend to say, but in its second edition hia story had grown considerably. The cock' crowing woke him up as before ; but the highwayman made his way into the scene amidst frightful groans, his eyes shot out streams of fire, and his face had. become a ghastly green colour. Mr M'Gregor gave us a personal illustration of how the ghost looked, by standing near the middle of the room, holding his handkerchief behind his ears and pulling the other portion so tightly round his neck that I was afraid he would choke himself to death. Still keeping in this position he tried to make one leg serve as the rope 'drawing phosphorescent, characters on the floor,' while he balanced him self on the other. The result put me much in mind of a drunken man trying to dance the Highland fling. ' Towards the end of this wonderful performance the |landlord had turned his back. Shaking; like a jelly I had tho handle of a toddy ladle between my teeth ; and I thought poor Mr Hannie ia his endeavours to keep from laugh ing, might have . well passed for the half-strangled highwayman. The effect on the rest of our party was fair differ ent. Mrs Hannie and the landlady looked frightened :; perhaps- in the case of the latter it was. fear of M'Gregor: sitting down, on, hgi»—- which he came neaiv doing, more than once. The* brothers, who were heavy drinkers, safr with very solemn faces, possibly under the impression that they had delirium, tremens. ' No sooner had M'Gregor. Saished his story, than Mrs Hankie, got upv from the table, made., a curtsey,, walked to the dopis saying, 'Don't ben long, Hannie^ de^ar/ and. left: us alone* in our glory,, 'Our landlord, at the-request'of the brothers seconded by Mr Hannie^., brewed us another bowb of punch;; then pleading business, he followed; his wife from the room. In a littl^ while my companions became richer noisy, but quieted down on AT'. Hannie six months. * UB aWake for saidM^H*1^ a ffigatful murder/ *a xtr -P'^nnje wjta SOme gusto, 'but „, „ - necessary you should ,. under-' J^d the ghost part of it, I'll follow xfi'Gregor's example and- illustrate the 'whole business.' 'The old gentleman approached the sofa, and placed the two hard round pillows lengthways end to end to represent a sleeping man, then undramatically seated himself on the dummy to give us some introductory particulars. Above the sofa was a bracket . supporting' a bright green shepherd and shepherdess in china. They each had hold of the same crook, and each carried under their arm an extraordinary , looking specimen of the sheep family. Mr Hannie sat directly under the bracket, and when he kept still the shepherd and shepherdess appeared to be standing on the top of his head, like Borne curious insignia of royalty. ' ' Now,' said Mr Hannie, stepping towards the fireplace, 'I'm going to commit the murder.' -: ' He picked up the poker, stuck it under his arm, and, somewhat to our alarm, walked in front of M'G-regor, but it was only to have another drink of punch. Then^ with long, stealthy, and rather unsteady steps, he drew near the sofa, but stopped before he committed the deed and said, 'When I strike you must imagine the pillows clutching at the air, and shrieks, and groans, and blood spurting all over the place, and allthat sort of thing.' v ' He made another stealthy step, swung the poker round, and knocked the shepherd's head clear across the room. 'That's spoilt it,' said Mr Hannie. 'Whether he meant the china; figure or his performance I don't: know, for he continued, ' I won't go through it all again, but just finish off; the man.' With the poker he lunged furiously at the cushions ; one fell on the floor,' but nothing daunted he re-; placed it, and then commenced thrash-; ing both until clouds of dust began to fly about the room. ' Now,' said Mr Hannie, leaning on the poker with odo hand and wiping his forehead with the other.! 'Now he's, dead or ought to be. What was that?' ; ' Two low distinct knocks had been given on the door. A dead silence followed. and thev were reneated. I rose to see the cause ; and confess that for once in my life I felt I bad been taking too much punch. ? Bracing myself up, I looked as solemn as possible' and partly opened the door. ?' Never shall I forget the fright I received j there in the passage stood a tall, ghastly-looking object, draped in white with a shawl drawn closely round its shoulders and a candle in its. hand.-/ ;;.';' ?. '? /??;; ?[ . ' .,_ . '„ Then the ghost spoke, and this is what it said. ' Hannie, dear, whe h are you coming to bed, Tt am po frightened I've held : the clothes over my head till I'm nearly smothered. I' shan't go back without you.' Like a gbod man Mr Hannie hastened to obey arid carefully laid the poker on the; table, under the impression that it was a toddy ladle. 'When he was gone the brothers pipposed another bowl of punch j but M'Q-regbr, who no iv looked very -\ solemn indeed, informed them that, in the first place, he was purposely keep ing his head as clear as possible for what might happen during the night, andj that, in the second place, he feared that I had already drank enough for a young man and he would at once ielpme to bed. v ?'? Mr M'Grregor's assistance was of rather 'tiJiovel character. A fine old stairway wotfnd up to our rooms, and I distinctly remember that he tried to induce me to walk through the wall, under the belief it was & door. On the landing at the top -of the .stairs, and only a.few feet from them- a tall, top heavy- looking cupboard was: placed against the: wall, and facing the farther side of it was my. bedroom door. Yery much to my annoyance, I had to recbnduct M'Gregof part of the way he had come, for it suddenly dawned, on us that he slept down stairs. After, undressing I gulled up my blind to see what sort of a. night it was, and with a sigh of satisfaction turned into bed. 'I do not know how long I slept, but a sort of nightmare awoke me, and with an uncomfortable feeling I looked round the room. Then the crowing of a cock increased my nervous ness a- hundredfold,, as I thought of the highwayman's ghost. Then all the poultry in the neighbour hood conversed for half-an-hour, and all became silent again. But the cock 'at the Red Lion had not done yet, and tar ted once more. In - despair oi sleeping, and in no very amiable frame of mind, I Bat up in bed* Yes, there was the author of my troubles ! He was white, and standing on my window sill. I suppose I was hardly awake, but anyway, forgetful 0/ the interyen- ; ? '? ' ' j r , . ?'? ? ' '-if1.' ing glass,- 1 suddenly stretched out of bed, seized a topboot, and hurled it ' furiously at the . offender. I made a splendid shot and hit the cock, which proved , to be the ovsrer standing in my basin, and knocked it smash through the window. In a moment there was another crash, as the ewer went with a terrific noise through a skylight below. I heard doors hanging, women shrieking1, and men swearing. Anxious to calm the storm. I opened the door to rush on to tho laniine1 and nearlv knocked, mv brains out againBt the cupboard, which turned over and went down the stairs. Being full of china the noise was like an earthquake : and in another minute came the climax, as it reached the passage below and burst open, scattering the contents in all direc tions, 'If the highwayman's ghost was anywhere in the vicinity the sight that presented itself when I looked down the stairs would most certainly have put him to flight. The landlord, with an awful expression of fear oh his face and very little clothing on his body, was standing in the midst of the broken crockery, looking upwards as though he expected more; his wife was close behiod him, holdins: her hands to her ears to shut out the noise of any further little dirturbarice I might create. Mr Hanuie, having run against an open door, was sitting in the passage holding a petticoat over his knees -while his wife hung round the neck of one of the brothers, her unhappy supporter unconsciously hold ing on to her hair. ''What the devil, sir, does this mean,' thundered the landlord; \- ' 'I— I thought it was crowing put side my window,' I replied peering over the banisters. r . ; ' f He's 1 gone mad,' said the second ; brother, appearing with a blunderbuss 'in his hand. 'Hurriedly pulling on my clothes, I descended the stairs and tried to ?explain matters. Suddenly it flashed through .my mind that I had seen nothing of M'Gregor. during, the ex citement, so j with the landlord's per mission,. I ,topk the small nightlamp that lighted the hall and entered the haunted room. 'The bed was empty, but a ;, shaky ?¥r'rii/»a Vtniar] 4\ir\rv» nrt^an il*. . * CWt rr-r\r\A gracious ! What's he done ? ' ? ' M' What's who done ? M. asked. ' VWhyj' gasped poor M'Q-regor, as he wriggled into sight, ' I didn't wake up in tjme, and I suppose the high way man's ghost was offended.' 'In conclusion, I must say that there was a very marked coolness between my fellow passengers and me during the rest of our journey to Lon don.^ 