ON A LIGHTHOUSE. Mly man, do you want a berth1' said he. ' Aye, aye, cappen,' said . I want one badly. 'I'm half-starved, and half frozen. He made no answer, hut just a sign to follow him, and he stalked away and I pegged after him. He kept close along the shore as we walked, and for a while he said nothing. At last, how ever, he turned and pointed seaward. ' You see that 1' said he. He indicated a lighthouse on a lonely rock. rI'm the keeper,' said he. 'I want you to cook my meals and' keep my bachelor's hall for me. Now and then I shall want you to row in, and buy provisions. The work won'tbe hard. I think the pay will suit you. Do you know why I choose you 1' ' No, cappen,' said I. Because I saw that hope was at an end with you,' he said. 'It's only a man who has come to that who could live with me in a lighthouse.' 'I was on a desert island once,' said I. ' After that I shan't be afraid of a lighthouse. I'd been in a lighthouse before; it was no new thing to me, but after I'd been there a few hours I wondered what my master hired me for. It was l'ke being pensioned off; there was nothing to do. But, mark me, when it became night and thle wind began to moan. about -the lighthouse, and the lamps were lit and all outside was black as pitch, and all the sound we heard was the awash, swash, awash of the waves, my master mixed sbme grog and called me to sit along with him. That looked sociable, but I can't say he did. He sat glowering over his glass for a while, and opening his mouth as if to'speak, and shutting it again. Then said he: ' What's your name 1' 'Ben Dare,' said I. ' Would you mind calling yourself Brace 1' he asked. I've no reason to be ashamed of tmy name,' said I. ' Look here,' sail he, ' I am a gentle man born and bred. I never came to oarning my bread.before. I'm ashamed of it. This is what I man. If any strangers come out bere to ask for William Brace, why, you can say you are the man. You claim to be light. house-keeper.- It's easy. I don't suppose much company will call, but I choose not to see them if they do. That's what I hired you for.' 'Oh,' said I. SYou see,' said he, ' I got this place through a rich man who had influence. Those who gave it to me never saw me. If [die some day, why, here you are in the place. If I go off, and I may, here you are still until then. I'll pay you well, and you know your duties,' ' Well, it's shamming,' said I,' but, after all, what does one care what my name is, and what-ehall I call you I' ' Call me nothing,' said he. ' Call me Captain, as you did when I met you, but never speak of me to any one. Gentleman or no, he wasn't lazy. He didn't care how he worked. The lamps were as bright as jewele. Thereri wasn't a speck of dirt in the whole tower. But letany boat come nigh us, away he went and hid himself, and came out with a white, scared face ard a shaking hand. At night he was afraid to go up to the lamps alone, and he'd look over his shoulder and turn white as we stood together. At last he took a new turn. He stood staringfor awhile. Then he spoke to me:in a lo voice : ' Brace, do you believe in ghosts ' 'I haven't considered the question,' I answered. ' Well,' said he, softlier than before, ' look into that corner,' and he pointed. I looked. 'Don't you see anything ' he asked. 'No,' said I; 'no, Cappen.'. ' Ah,' he muttered, ' very well, very well, I'm glad you don't.' But that wasn't nothing to what happened -the very next night. We slept in two bunks nigh each other, and naturally when he woke up with"a yell I woke, too. He was shrieking and ahakina and wringing his hands. 'The woman ! the woman I' he said. ' She stood here just now, all red with blood. It dripped down the white ruflles. It dripped on her hands. Stop her ! stop her ! She has gone to call them. Stop her ! stop her I' ' Where did she go I' I asked. He stared at me with his wide open eyes, all the white showing, below and above. 'She couldn't have been here,' said he. 'It was a dream.' ' Lord love y,,u-a nightmare,' said So ha went asleep again. But I heard of the woman so often after that that I grew used to her. The Cappen, as I celled him, got to be worse and worse every day. I wanted to go ashore and fetch the doctor, but he would not hear of it. He raved if I tried to leave him. At last there came a hot, hot night in June. It Ras burning hot all day, and a dead calm at nilht. About dark the Cappen went to sleep, and I went and sat where I could see the water and the lights ashore. It was so clear that I could hear the ,ssilors in a Spanish ship moored not far away singing in their foreign lingo. And I felt a sort of quiet and dreamy like, when something happened that waked me nwighty wideandsaudden. Something wis standing on the steps below me, something came toward me. It was a little slender figure, with long hair all about the shoulders. I couldn't see its face. I don't think I really saw it plainly at all. But it went past me softly while I looked, and I knew it was a woman in a white ruffled gown, and that she had gone to the room where my master lay. I shook too hard for a moment to move ; but as soon as I could I started up to go to him. Just then a voice cried: ' Lighthouse ahoy !' I answered, ' Aye, aye,' and stopped a bit. Duty first of all things with a sailor. A boat lay at the foot of the steps, and four men jumped out of it. *W e. want William Brace, keeper.of this lighhouse,' said one, a big man in a linen overcoat. 'r. rr ;ot snswers to the name,' ,;n s lintern over 'ey.head, :;.. b: Is", pl:e? ·,, uc,' asid he., T. : was noA "? .Og anything, brn I did try to stop them. _ y:" e t a sick friend aloft,' says I. ' r- : ..tur i Lim. I'm afraid the woman , li skeer him anyhow, lie's so low.' " What woman I' said he. ' The one that came abroad with you, sir,' said I. * No woman came with us, he snarled. 'Stand aside. Men, do your duty. They went upstairs. I followed. I saw them walk into the Cappen's room. I heard.them cry out and stand still. When'I got to the door they stood in a row looking down on the bed. I looked, too. Man nor woman couldn't frighten the Cappen more. He was dead. ' What had he done 1' I asked the officer. ' Killed his wife,' said he, ' that's all. No doubt she deserved it ; but s it's not allowed by law when they do.' ' God help him,' said I. 