LETTERS TO THE EDITOR. JU-METALL16M. Sib, — This important question, which is being brought so prominently before the legislative bodies of the World to-day, stems to my mind to deserve more attention than ' is bestowed on tbe matter. Personally 1 think it is tbe silver wand that is to ward off the evil day to the big capitalists, which they seem to so unanimously court. Tbe director of the United States Mint, wc are told, says that there is plenty of gold raised in the world to maintain the medium by which people trade with one another and obtain the necessities of life. Tbis may be quite tTUe, but how are we to reconcile this statement with the fact that more tban half the population of the civilised world are in actual want, not bccausc they are lazy, not because they have no brains, not because they are without energy, nor bccause they cannot produce, but because tbe gold raised annually would not pay 600 of tbe richest men in the world's interest. Does tbe millionaire, wbo is almost wholly a nineteenth century man, think because he can absorb the medium faster than it is produced that a civiliscd and enlightened people who produce ever} thing are going to live in misery and want ? If he does I thiuk he will find out his mistake when it is too late. Mr Editor, 1 may bean ignoramus, but I seek to be enlightened. 1 would be grateful j to some distributor of light to answer a few questions Why does a capitalist (1 do not ! mean a paltry owner of a few thousands, though he is an extraordinary fine fellow by the wav) wish to manipulate all the stray cash ? Why do these modern Shylocks not know that it is onlv a matter of time when the silver standard, if ever it is established, will all be grabbed up by birds of his feather ? And what good they will derivciby seeing the producing worker live aud die in want? Why does he not work and get money they say, jutting tin ir hinds in their own pockets ftB it to feel that it is pretty safe that he will not get a chance. I think, sir, that it iB a pretty well- known fact that there is an over production of everything just row, and yet our position is deplorable. What is the reason? By re cent cablegram, the Chancellor of the Ex chequer, Sir W. V. Harcourt, in addressing a meeting in London on the subject, viz., bi-metallism, appi ailed to an cxpcricnce lof 60 years standing in favor of the gold staudard. Had 1 not seen the Chancellor's name at the heading, 1 should have felt quite certain that Voltaire had left untold his most withering piecc of sarcasm, and his most hollow mockery had never been uttered which bis ghost came and rendered. 1 believe that if a dual standard were set up thingB would in time return to their present slate, but I woold like pcacc and prosperity throughout tbe land in my day.— Yours, etc., Bi-metallist. 