BnfiliUfe in MlraHi, LECTTOE ~sx IH&MH; ON i BUBAL LTFB IK ATTBTRU.IA, DE X,IVEEED nr TUB Grar HALL, BBE CHIN, Nor. 21,1894 Mr. Chairman, Ladies and Gentlemen, : , j After the *ery flattering introduc tion of the dear old friend of my boy hood, I feel that a very heavy respon sibility derolres upon me in faying to act up to the high character given to my varied accomplishments. Bat, amid all the changing scenes and cir cumstances of my life, there is one thing that I feel that I can lay claim to, and that is, that I have never for gotten the kindly old friends of my youth, and that my heart is still as warm as ever it was for the dear old county of Forfarshire and the men of Angus. I feel therefore that I have some claim on your kindly considera tion and clemency to-night- because I feel myself that I have just come back among " oor ain folk"-and therefore I hope in that kindly spirit you trill bear with my shortcomincs; and I should like you to put yourselves in this attitude that yoa have not come here to hear a pretentions lecture. I want you to think that you have come just to listen to one of your ain folk detail his experiences in a homely fashion; and while I hope it will in terest my younger friends I hope I will say a good word for that grand Australian land which has been such a kindly foster mother to me. Now, really, the use and meaning of the good old word "Lecture" in these modern times is very apt to be hidden by the excrescences which have grown around. it. Lecture-Lectur ing-is ope of the most pleasant modes of imparting information if the audience be kind and receptive and the lecturer be fairly intelligent. That the audience will be kind and recep tive to-night, I have no doubt; whether the lecturer will be equally intelligent, or not, will be for you to .say when I am done. Now, at the outset, I would like even the youngest boy here to under stand that the word " Australia" really has a vast complexity of meaning at tached to it-to one that has known' or does know what "Australia" really is. In our minds (in the ordinaiy English mind at all events) the usual idea is that of a large undefined por tion of the empire to which we belong -situated at a great distance-where we have friends in all pursuits, from whom we bear by letters- more or less scanty-at times; but of which we have a very vague and indefinite idea. We inow about bushrangers, we know of gold mines, etc., but of the real working eveiy-day life of our brethren in Australia; I find there is little kqown. I am asked questions everyday that remind me of tlie unso phisticated Highland Lassie thatcame to the Western Metropolis to see her sister, doming up to the Toll Bar-in the old Tory days-she rapped with her knuckles on the gate and enquired "Bo this Glaesca?" "Yes, this is Glaesca," was the reply. " Well," said the artless maiden, " is Peggy in ?" That was her idea of Glasgow, Now, I have been told.* " You have been in Australia, Mr. Inglis ?" " Yes." . " I wonder if ye ever saw oor folk there P" And if 1 had asked where about our folk was,I was told he was ib Australia, or Tasmania, or somewhere else," and I've nae doot ye'veseen 'em ?" It is, therefore, to dispel some of this Tagueness (I don't accuse any of you intelligent people of that) and to beget a friendly feeling in your minds for your co-worker* in Australia, that I am here to-night, . Well, in the first place try to think and get this idea into your minds-(I alwaystryto appeal to the imagina tion of an audience. The English man was a fool who said that Scotch people hid no imagination or humour). Let your imaginations go with me to-night while I try rapidly to give you as bright and graphic an idea as I can of what life in Australia really is and the elements which constitute it. Just think that the country is many times larger than the United Kingdom. 3ne colony alone-the Colony of New South' Wales-is many times larger than the United Kingdom. It is nearly as large as France, Germany, the Netherlands, and Spain, so that vou see in such a vast area there must be a great many diversities of «oll and climate. , I have, for instance, in my mind the great Monaro Plains,/which constitute ;he southern part of New .South Wales. In the uplands-great broad sweeping plains- withpnlyliere and there a projecting belt of Eucalyptus trees; and all along this western side of the vaatcircumferonceyou havethe magnificent dominating moaatawp generally termed the " AdstralUn' Alps/' clad in eternal snow, lifting np their white summits Into the clear heavens. Away "to*the sonth you iee the mighty £o«cin»ko nfcoae white ness tie ver varies-Us not 'varied for centuries-and on whose mighty flanks you have .great . glaciere, tfetng'in extent and beauty with some of the glaciers of Switzerland. * fBy ihe side of these yon have the town of Kiandra. For fire or air weeks *of the year the great nozzles that are eating their way into the mountain 'sidb hive to stop, and the whole plains for ^miles around are in the grip of the See fiehd. In that mountain iowa of.JCiaadra for many weeks ofthe year the mailman has to bring his mails front . groat distance in the samfe tny as he would have to do in the north-west of Canada. He Us to don his snow shoes; and in thefawnalriptiietgntre snow-races got np, nod yon will ase the boys tearing down the slopes of the mountain with tuuw-shoes ionger " Jlian this table j and what fun you uwfB - , ju had on those long anowihoes and tried to »ce those boys down the sides of the mountain. Aw»y farther to the north and west yon come on another up land where there are neither people nor manufactures - nothing nut mighty plains of short stunted grass and poor soil and vast stretches of i ..nH At the Darling Hirer, near, .Bourke, yon may see a cascade of, camels, which are the chiet means of i navigation across those plains. You will see the riders sitting astride the humps of the animals or plodding alongside, ami the camels getting up from their knees with many a groan as if they were staff with rheumatism. These camels are loaded with boxes, barrels, bales, and case goods generally, on their way to some far away ? back-block settlement. Tboeo plains are in outward appearance like the desert of Sahara, and there you have a perfectly oriental scene-dust clouds flying about, filling the air; and there you have just as great* an antithesis to tbe Bnow-bound slopes of the mountains that bound Monaro.. Away in. those' enormous western plains there is situated a town called Bourke, near which the great Darling Hirer flows. The Darling Biver is navigable at certain seasons for more than 3000 miles. It runs through South Australia, through "Victoria, comes up through New South "Wales, I and finds its source in the southern j plains of Queensland. It is made up I of many tributaries, and in the rainy season it becomes a spreading and mighty river. At Bourke it is some times 80 miles wide, hut at other times a man on hopeback can almost go over its shallow waters. So great were the floods some time j ago that the people of Bourke spent many thousands of pounds in trjiiiR to barricade their town. But, unfortunately, tbe money and time spent in building the protections j were lost as the water burst through, and many thousand pounds of damage { was done to the town, and the Gov ernment made a large grant in aid of i the relief fund of Bourke. At other times, however, Bourke is a town high and dry away from the level of the waters. (The lecturer then gave a sketch of the natural conditions of the Great Western Plains, describing the natural grasses, the Mulga Scrub, the roley poley weeds earned by the hot winds, etc., but the reporter did not Veep up with him). Now that is what is called the rabbit country. To give you an idea of the fecundity of nature under certain favourable conditions, I may tell you that a gentleman in Victoria some 25 or 26 years ago brought up a pair of pet rabbits in a box. He carried them m a bandbox and brought them up to the Darling district. I suppose some of our young friends are in the habit of keeping tame rabbits. IE you were in Australia, and you were caught with a pair in your possession, the police would ho after you and you would be fined tor keeping them.. The rabbit plague in Australia has cost the country now over two millions and a btalf of money. They became such a pest, they multiplied with such enor mous rapidity; the natural conditions were so favourable for the multiplica tion of animal life, that tracts which were valuable for pastoral purposes, rapidly became denuded and as bare t us this reading desk by the inroads of those rabbits; and so it is that the 1 Government actually spent nearly a million of money in the erection of a a rabbit proteetion fence for many hundreds of miles from north to south, to keep back this inroad of 'rabbits from the more settled parts of the colony. A. ptire of £25,000 was offered to anyone who could devise any feasible Bcheme for killing out this enormous mass of depredators; but there has bBen no one found as yet who could data this £95,000. All sorts of schemes have been proposed, 1 but nothing haB satisfied the require ! ments, but the settlers are now over coming the .difficulty by fencing off Into subdivisions their . enormous pastoral tracts; and inside thflse rab bit fences they, have slain the rabbits and now they are pretty well being held in check. About fourteen jeaia ago a plague of a similar "kind'threatened the pas toral industry of Queensland. I sup pose you boys have all heard of the kangaroo^fthat beast tbkt etatads. lip 6ft high ilm its hind 'legs and tall, which form a kind of .tnpod. The female hasa pouch in which she car ries her little ones. "When it goes bounding it would take a bound into the middle of thfc tall, and the next into the galleiy; andjou never saW ench jumpers as they are; enormous fellows-just like the sorfcof gigantic, that one might see in a night mare. These kangaroos multiplied to auch a degree that at one station 1 visited 14 years ago. there was com puted to be 120,000 head of kangaido. The station gsed to . carry about 150,000 sheep, but owing to the grass being eaten up to thafeangaroos, that number hadbfeetf. reduced to 48,000. At that tifneihey^Iid nofknow that the hide iif the jkaagaroo was -very valuable, they used to Bhoot them and let them rot. A Mr. Bracket, of "Waroo, a friend of my own, knowing that X had been . engaged in much hunting, asked me to comeup to bis station -and see if \fre could not devise any means for thinning out this plague. The result of our deliberations was that we got a lot of native aborigines. These Were great big strong-looking tellows, with gaping mouths, white teeth, ana1 eyas in which no white appears. The. eye is of a yellow and rod' colour, which reminds one of an egg ahonYto go bad. Wo got those men-shout two or three dozen ofthem-to ge round the gullies and beat out the -kangaroos. We h#4 twelve guns, I was in good lorn for the sport; br2 I enjoyed the fun. Twelve of ua would take up our position about 60 or 80 yards apart-Just like the manner of a grouse .drive in Gleuesk. W<e would take iip our position behind a tree; those blackfellows would make a cir cuit round the ravines, and by and bye you would bear thud, thud, thud. Then an innumerable number of ears would appear; the lovely eyes and bright faces of the kangaroos would be seen peering out from among the scrub.. Then bang, bang, bang went the guns, and over went the mar supials, and we were delighted to see such slaughter. Then would Rome a perfect torrent of animal life. Tour gun would go off so often and it would get so lot that you could scar- ] cely bold lb Ii you bad a spM-e^gnn you could go oh while, the otherwas: cooling. I can assure you that twelve guns in sixweekB killed the enormdus i number of 28,000 of kangaroo*. This; is not a traveller's' story; it is quite true, and gives you an idea of how j enormous the multiplication of animal { life may be. And if I were to tell you what the annual increase! in the flocks of Australia was, youj would not think it any wonder at all, because you can find all these facts in onradmirably-compiled statistic books. You have only to take my word for this; but I could shew it you in the Queensland blue book. The increase in our flocks is frequently 90 per cent per annum; and everything under 80 percent, is looked upon as a bad year. You thus see that nature is very favourable for animal life. . It must also be very favourable for the pro duction af the bone, muscle and sinew of the Anglo-Saxon race. I could tell you about the visitation of locusts we sometimes have. Some day a farmer, who has got a fine wav ing crop of wheat or other grain, sees in the far distance, dimming the hori zon, something that appears like a great black cloud coming v^from tbe far west. A noise like the beginning of a mighty storm assails his ears; and with a mournful look, he goes in to the gude-wife, and tells her that the locusts are coming, and presently on they come-clearing the whole earth of every green thing. The very leaves of the forest are stripped; everything is desolation behind them. Smiling fields in front; ruined homesteads, and tender bleeding-'hearts behind; and we have these visits periodically which shew you that, after all, it is not all uninterrupted progress and prosperity in Australia. Away in this trackless western wilderness, vegetation only takes a very tender hold of the earth. The fierce sun is so strong that the natural grass becomes dessicated; and when the hot wind begins to sweep its breath across tbe prairie land, those stalks break up, aud they are rolled into huge masses; just like what is left be hind in the harvest field when tbe horse-rake has gone over and 1he rake has left a vast, accumulation of straw in the middle of the field. These comc- rolling over and over until they become a huge mass. They are then perhaps arrested with the first rabbit proof fence that they come to; andj there the wind brings down a great] accumulation of red dust-and so' gradually a large heap is formed right up and over the fence-and that was one way in which the iabbit plague was extended after the fencing of thB enclosures took place. Other .light kinds of shrub grow there. When this fierce wind rises, those are up rooted and blown into elongated cylin ders like a roley-poley; and these shrubs, hurling along, look like an animated football; and any horse not accustomed to them would be fright ened ; but the horses ihere take no' notice of them. That is two regions I have told yon about-the hot and the cold. Away down atHew England, the district 1 have rfipreserited in Parliament for 10 years- and where there are a good maoy'Scotsmen residing-you have a perfect paradise ofa climate, exqui site clear ekies, running brooks in all (directions, water everywhere, the rip ple and the gurgle of falling; and in some Tivera, called the Macdonald the Oara, the' Gwydir, etc., we have introduced the salmon and the tront; and one may soon be able to get good' fly fishing in some rivers in New jEng Lland-I believe even" perhhps ? in time .better than in the North Esk which flows by my native Village of Edzell. - . Around almoBMfevery. homwfejBO you late* orchards inwhich >411 the fruits-of ^Dgland are to be found in absolute perfection'. - Too md jstorried rows-of stakes in the sloping vineyard on which the fines will be trained and the branahes will swell and yield up their generous fluid make thefam ous fine wine of Australia (which I may : tell yon, you hardly ever got here -because the best of it at' present is pretty inuchbonght hp and drunk there-but which is . fast assuming the proportion of a great national in dustry). Tha boys and girls in the schools take their flagon ? or billy with them in the morning | 'and when they go into school, their noses are purple and their Hps we purple; and with; purple streaks np to iheb very ears,*: Thieyare smearedwith the blackberry which grows all over the lines of fences {brambles you call thfem); and that gives yon an idea of what New England must be.-It is very like the English climate-with large tracts of vary rfoh soil; and is oneofihefairert spots of all Australia. The rich pas. tores are dotted all over with sleek cows chewing their cud with Bweet content; and the eon's rays . are flashedbacbfrom the peaOT&tfpofinhS; shart in m&tiy;' a fruitful field. Xwny : down below this great table-land yon. : nave yet another kind of climate-in the region of the firarjijori&een; tidjf liters on Whose JjJacittWfoidjS 4be ; clang and clash of many a steamboat . istebe heard'astte bt%craft plioi : ifsindustrious course frofe pier topier. By the side ofthose rivers we hive The humid earth » clad with beautr Eich frmts hang froin the trees . and around is the gorgeous line of the orchid; tad embracing the trees are innumerable creeping plants. Around stand the lovely tree-ferns and the graceful palms, with their beautiful branches; and there yon have the birch- like tracery of the Eugenias with their - myrtle-like leaves and ®!?.owy.,.berr,8g' *rhich the boys call lilly pjJJy. la tBe rich shadr forests we have the red and white cidar the glossy messmate, and the fragrant sassafras, the dark pencilling of-the casuarinas or river oak, and all the varied beauty of the tropical forest matted with creepers and* climbers . the jovous garlands of clematis and caressing tendrils of begonia and similax, and dozens of others that rou would only grow here in jour tot nouses and conservatories.-' Here we hare banana mod oranee grow® The slab hut of the settlilr is hidden neath clustering vines and trailing passion friiit. -1'he'felearinea w® . J>'*Dted-with ? sugar cane, sweet potatoes, pumpkins, and gold<Sn gonitis aDa "in the hot, Jangtobro' atmosphere the stately maize with iti eilky tassels shoots up full seven or eight feet into the steamy air. (He then described a prospectors and a timber-getterVsfcmp). Jlere you have, in the denae Bcrubs, the bower-bird-a bird with a most ;lossy. plumage and aatin breast. The bower-bird is so called because the male bird makes an areideof little leaves and twigs and branches. He brings m his beak shining shells from the coast, bleached bones, or beautiful berries or pebbles; and he sets these all round his bower ; and,just as you have seen the peacock strutting about to make himself look very. pretty in the eyes of tlje peahen, BO the bower birds runs through and through the bower in presence of his harem. It is the prettiest sight to eee thebower bird disporting himself iii his glossy coat, and to w$tch this peculiarity of his tribe-but one very seldom wit nessed, as the bird is very shy. In these scrubs also you have the aatin bird-so called on account of his exquisite plumage. Ton- have, too the bird which is generally called the whip- bird, which gives a crVjustlike thecMck of a whip; youfhave the bell-bifd, whose note just sounds like . bell; and you have the kookaburra or giant king-fisher, r wish I could imitate his cry for the boys. It goes something lite this. (Here Mr. Inclis imitated theory of the bird). Some times when perhaps you are lying in your tent, or taking your bread and cheese, during the midday spell, and quaffing the fragrant " Billy T6a," suddenly above your head you "hear this teiwfic yell. (Here Mr. Inglia imitated the cry of the jackass), ; Now I hope I don't look like one. That is known as the laughing jackass. That is not at all unlike the crv it maltm You have the Australian msgpie-one of the kindliest birds of nature. Itis very companionable, and people have it about their houses. In many homes of Australia you . map find a tame magpie. It has a large amount of discernment. If you we kind to it, it will respond. ®0r instance, my good gardener, when lie iscleaning up the paths mypet mag pie will remain in close attendance, perched on the wheelbarrow, and sometimes getting on the old gar dener's shoulders. It has been taught to speak, and can sny, "How are you ?" .' Where are you going?" and so on. , (Here Mr. Inglis imitated the bird.) Itplaya with ithe little dog and makes Bilsortsoffun. But if you<are not kind, to it, you hate'to [ look out. It has a veiy long, strong beak, with which it can killjanake It tears his back and picks Ifa er,M' out; and if any little boy has been teasing the magpie, theveiyfirst chanoe it gets, yon willfind something five such a peck in the ankle-it will raw blood and ^end yon lopping Well this magpie with his beautiful white neck. Twhite wings btrred with White^is jWji ppsso^M ^itli'an immlnsb atfbUntxif intelligence. They can as 1 hare said be taught to speak; and in the morn ing they have the most exquisite melodious »oice-justlifcethfc tinkling of asilver bell commingled with flute like croodlinga and crescendoes, and ^enyou hsveiieen rieepioginttmp, Pr under your waggon, it is dSightfu! to hear these magpies wJurblitig afound jour camp, and seeming io . .claim a kindly affieotiotiftte interMtik your regaids. _ , . In the region of those tidal river, both to north and south of S Winer in the portion ojE Mua«^:toteiafeeu up by the eafly siifcflers jitfd thero^you have important townships. Toniuwe gre&t; vast rttetthes ofinaiae growine threat,height, *plendid>dwcr«aa. rates, and also sugar cian« in the warmer north. . J1**® atso a robust lot of. industrious settlers; andaway np on the slopes of New/England, yotfhavo fot a lot of hearty Scotch settlers who combine agtiftaltnralH tfifrh 1 pursuits. They will baveperhaps BO acres of landjgn wing all sort* ot crops and many ofthem have been 'able, with their oWn fatailieB, "to Wiswa fronr 2,000 to 4,000 acres of really good pastoral land. The early smaU settlers were sometimes called cwkttv toba \ Sor eacVebild, ths»& iSHter** got'so many acres of 4and;»o yon eanlundentondlhey, all went in tor large families. * Eagh 1iad"1& laree ptate,««h had Matidy*^^ local bank, and each couhLgo io the market with his own buggy or "cart. Tfaose potaessionei frequently help to ^ mSkh Ab'"fsd» in mined io ohoosea mate_Jiithe«atri monial market, - We are ~«tntog Txs tani'; In Australia/' owing to the greatheatjdfthf! «nn, i^ier8 3r little ehade ia tie ", toreajs-only- a Bicker ing shade-aijd- none ,'of the dense umbngeoueneeB of your land-those shady walks, ;thst. qwie this . pountry so beautiful fo'r'lorcsick and sentimen tal swains.,. It ji"because the Euca lyptus or gain ^trees do not shedtheir leaves. In the forests the'trees aire mostly all gum7 "With respect to the heat of the sun, It aometiipes riBes to ian immense degeee. I think the heat m '!&3£Uide this- year was not 80, .ferhicti is very hotr-not 86, hotter etill- DQt 86,' notter far; hut fchen .we'caWiihjfopgti Adelaide in the month of 'Tetiruary' the hoiA for three dajss |n the sjade under the hotel vftaridah was 106degrees. That is perfectl vtrue. Fancy what a heat that wonld be. And- that is one reason why theAustraliantrees do not Bhed their leaves, as the trees of-our forests do. They ehed their bark and twigs; and thtrh'aik on the trunk of tbetrpeBgets blistered and burned ,up, and ttiefresh growth comes ;from beiosf; «n4,«PJall .tbe great AUBtraliah forests iup' littered with leaves and tawdry bark. Ton can imagine how jJfcsily.this vast quantity is set on fire. Of a flap, forinB£auce, wpre to fling jdown.a bottle,-as is sometimes care t IesBlydone,'ihe.heat o£ the sun on I fthis jtioiiK l%1qt «ict« fur a burning glass, g6&_prgject«J upon the mass pf this3 flaf6e^1y[ht'lij8Terial,and some times lieta~ firii' to" the whole foreBt { and t^e result jpay be. the destruction of manyia^Ue. of^pcing.andniany a working man a pomfiaieaa. J)o yoiiJrpow that a good bushman cu pieUy«$euritely tell'the time of day by looking at the gum-tree P The leaf has a lojjg.-atem;' and the twigs hang straggliqg from the branches. The leaves also hang in this pendulous fashion. T.htiy get their edge to the sun-never the broadside. And as the sun moves round, these-rlikp the sun-flower-tui?i' their edge to it. ISW is' jtjbe reason why there is so' little .shade' in tbope Australian foEesft. Yjju . see tfiie?e great trunks standing put'Jike ghosts; and" this 1 'caiaei.. thit sort' of flic^eririg ehade-with nothing of the sweet umbjsgpftu?ne»B which makes the forests of thp northern lands so beautiful/ c- . Then, a mostoptfible discovery haB been . made "quite lately. Tou are acetfatolwid to have to weeping skies 5 btft, in %UBtraiia, we often suffer much fr6m 4t?PflK'' - Under the auspices of a well equipped Depart ment ofMinesby.ujepf the Diamond Drill, We have found a vast basin in the interior, pf: Australia extending hundreds upon hundreds of leagues all the way hack from the Darling river. On both sides ibis ^aSfbeen found by geologists t o bfii vast cretaceous basin with a clay covering! In this great hollow we hare found a perfect subter ranean 8&." ^','liave perforated thig. clay from in some p'acew 2000ft. to 3000ft.; and In some places we have got a funnel producing from 100,000 tb' 250;C00 gallons of irater pprdey, and even motel' Tn one place in "the west; from one of those bores, there'is ao actual 'river now flowing, already over 100 jniles long; and '"farms are being founded upon its track. They are now growing rich, crops and all Borts of. victuals there; and where formerly you could not have kept, one sheep on '20 acres, the. farmer ciin now., keep, ten Bbgpp to the. one acre, of lbcerne or other fodder crop. You , see what an enormous increase of pro ductiveness this . has bern j and all around this ia done at the touch of science and upd^r lhe gu^dance of the Government, whidh hashean Ret in motion by a democracy, where the people have a government for them selves, and: not only for Is few privi leged persons. . . . Now, if I have touched yopr imagi nations at'all^and:I hi>pe T'have) yoti will we that, apaft frmii tbe 'tHflre physical espedt ofniture,-we have there tried to solve problems of human gov ernment an^ lioinao' destinywhich are of the'utttk'oit' ittpkiMartoe (oonrvaBt commonhuffianity; The' early hut of slabs, built (b>?Mide fashion, is T a prophecy of-the stately mansion that is yet to be. ita' will'fin'd^n places, some of tiie finest appointed mansion hournis; lb>t.7ha>£.; fefcat £7000'ah'd £8000 to buijd, ;i;eip(le^_ with every modem improverogift, even occasion ally lit. wjtybt^el^ctric, light,, called forth .b'^lhp^jwlljDf; 1 A.«njvp. with 6?I5?£S5d. & PW do prett^,.\f^.fwhat Jbe lifes ; an^ ^e bug' ao^. shepbwd, kjLqga. ^)jo wilj. we rlffi ypM . In JOfi w^ j^g|ipe»£nd, the c^rjiy ,bpt, lSK% prncnr^or ^hSj colony, the touoning' oE tne fortunes having been :buumTbvf |>erhaps eomo . humble grandfiftflrj^Jna that 11 kept early straggling wmrtigu. wnich the otoneer had to^ome, "' ,, AWfW?11 iW'V* ".the.i^triotiBinjof people, r .Trply, yijn .ectrtemen i are o«w| ft jpur^owstry, 4^d!jtist>y«o. I$ia a favorite^gibe, thit the Scotoh ou'> w fjOhliWAtieod^liB a ably ptrap^ of'Its coontry, proudof his peOpfe, prond of bia progress; apd if >he HoccAsienally leaps into a' litWe J?fastfalness-well 'know a good , Abg ensine do^s Inaulge_ in letting /FibajiG»fm"at° tlmespatM >so;yon can l&ilrfwdpn;® littlepatonil ^boasting j^aaq^l.aily^^ii'yonjfiodthe amount of good work^be ia: doingii' I iltave' hearda g9od.«torf.4tihevpatriotism of the.peopled : A -gentlaman1- mm ^6j 5e»re iof .,»gfl who ^'*d' teiai 'l)0rn in'" Anlmlil^<«B'9iiiniai;>k^^ wfrfaja frif-nd. of ininte, a tevV gehtlemeti of Dundee.';' Ooo erenini;iiJtcy got rathe^ pleasgnto, |^lji?g(tog«tberv[ ? «od tie old ^^f maa,!^jeg»n ie eonfide in ajy! frieni ^^/wid; J>Wi asking mange: gne8HpM«bpat AuRbaliajiaiutifaeBudji ." Well of Course, it 5a a wonderful' thing that Australia was disoover,ed so tail: ; but my . theory is this, eir (he was of fiootch extraction), I think Provi-j dehce ordained Australia to bo kept to the very last days, that it, might be occnpied by the very flower of the Anglo-8axon people.' It would be deeply interesting to; trace hoar Providence dORB work in the j .pioneering of anew' count ry. Too, j with your ancient cities (if I am not i mistaken, this is perhaps the most j ancient city in all Donn'y Scotland) you with your ancient cities, with all' the evidence of antiquity-your . crumbling castles, yonr ivy-clad palaces, i and all your noble traditions around I yon- you sometimes little think of the i benefits these confer, or ongbt to con-! fer; you little think bow these environ, ments act on your imaginations and\ hflp to mould your Intellectual life.; Here in Australia we have a problem j set before us-like ati object.lesion-' bow man acquires dominance over: nature. First you have the savage or j hunting stage-the one preying on the other, or op the beauts of the cliape. Then civilised man appears, and he also | at-first pursues the avocation of the banter and sportsman. The hunter gets gradually surrounded by his pacta of dpgs, his horses, goats, cows, and sheep. The early settler gets great tracks of land simply by choice. The primary vegetation is uprooted end blown away, and at first there are nothing bpt blinding duet-storms. By and bye,-man,' by his perseverance and ingenuity, and by the patter of multitudes of hoofs pnd feet, gradually prepares a seed bed, puts the plough share into the ground, and fits the soil for the reception' of the new vegeta tion. Maize !B cast into the ground ; clover tabes the place of the stunted gran. The roots go deep do«rn into the earth and make it compact and firm; and coon the soil shews all the signs of civilisation. This in the inevitable and constant way by which a virgin, loose, uncompaoted soil is prepared for the reception of the crops which are never found apart from a high-advanced stage of civilization. Then political activity begins to mani fest itself; intellectual acquirements begin to take a hold, the corporate life of detached_ centres toegins to move sluggishly; intcllectual forcee acquire a deeper and deeper intensity; litera ture and art begin to assume their right position, villages arise, cities ex pand, isolated interests begin to merge into national aspirations. The hori zon widens, hitherto latent forces dothe to the surface'; and'the.era of federal union arrives. That is what we ue coming to in Australia. We have parted with the rough pioneer life. The tracks of land acquired by right of first discovery have in many caBes passed into'the; hands'of corpor ate bodies.' 'Th6 banker aiid the lawyer have too often locked 'up the land in their documents. The oxen anil sheep of Australia were counted of more value than men. - And so the Liberals set'to work to do away with the landed monopoly; and: we introduced the free selection system-by which ail men might have an eqti&l; and free opportunity to acquire and occupy a portion of God's soil in. the exercise of : his,. hppgs$., in&pjry;^npt. caring for landed prop^ietqr, p^-ftflybody .elsp. (Loudandcontm^dflPptuBe.) Un doubtedly this sentiment went to the extreme. It was not always wisely ordered. Men were allowed to go anywhere and select anywhere, and many' undoubted abuses, aldose. We are nowintro'ducinga in New South 'Wales by Which the land, will be surveyed and classified before we take it up. An'accessible enquiry office is now established in the groat Department of Lands,; and any man who wants a bit of land-by a'very email deposit-and by conforming "with very few - and ' reasonable conditions - may ; -take up his land ialtrftdy surveyed for bim,pnd claijBifiedawording to its prodacuVe beesj andaccording to its position bb regards raii^ay, e,tc. And. if lie be . a willing, honest «Rd industrious man, assisted with a. spall amgunt of re quisi te . capital w bich of course is n eeded be may found a home for himself; and Sn 10 years, I believe, with the exercise ofjtbe same industry, be, may. m^pifest here, he 'will mafee 30. years oE progress in' all tfcat' makes life beautiful. In other worda.be maymake out there, in lO yeapj what be would only, mak? here (6 30. ' 7' The second and third generations of Landlord*, by droughts or various C&DN0-perhaps; they, might have'been otherwise unfortunate-have In many cases sold out to - corporations and land, 'Jobbiflg epf^Bmors. Ja matiy cases, Bankj and mpDied, corporations got a-jgrip of theland -(andiin most 'at these, <#s/M jit wjwtfone in a perfectly legitimate, manner, , aocording to:our laws, as,then existing, made mind you; in the maifl by theif own'. class-I am not blaiming them at all)-but now the time, has,,a>me . when . the -democraby of Ansjralia' m&ibtains;, that. if, for. in stsncei .t am a holder .ofeay, 50,000 «ct£»of land.; andperbaps living in fi©^»lHi('Wj3Ri,l;'say)i I hivpwsver pegoyon that land except the jrarpi^gno^; but, intbe meantime; Vil(f^jhaye»rUpn,taiI«»ya iare seaui ingtbe country, roads have been opened bridges have been built-all at tbe ratepayer's expense and I, en absentee, w.ho»h|t*e neyjjr done > thing to ini. prove my&tMo.;&nireaping; an enor ?WWilWWP* "i. -contribut ing-noting;; kffep- np die «w,i Jt»nj9try. They mauitun j^IiaMfsuna ito an end, and I atn: heartay nf their opinion (Ioua'<3ieer^rTufchink * land iax will-' be esUMiShedwhich will certainly put a stop to thiB vast accumulation.of landuithe. hands of a fey privileged drones, ar.d wilt help the common independent workinjj man, who wants to found a bpmerfor himself, to get it'with' less expense and trouble.--1-fat^t wit he done in the orderly British fashion with all due'iegard fo w»ted3ntenMte.and rights-so far- as they are lawful, j reasonable and proper, ,*nd in ac cordance ? with the constitution and laws of a free and law-abiding people. ] I want to shew yon' bard-beaded i working men of Scotland the class of toen yon hare in your brethren in , Australia, out there. Tou will admit; I think, that they hare done a lot of hardwork; and I want to shew yon further theyiare regard to more than mere physical requirements. A million and a quarter of people, pVBry year, out of t.ue.public revenues, bare spent neatly;B750,000 on educa tion- is a splendid record and a trjumphnnt testimony to their regard for more than the utilitarian in life. According to our Education Act, if there are .12 children within a radius of 4 miles, the parents can send in a request to have'a ai&ctoT; established. A primary school is established where parents have 12 children, and will guarantee that they will attend the,school; and over the extent of this vast territory, we have primary schools, costing; from £80 to £90 and up to hundreds of pounds -we have a splendid body of trained teachers-trained under a splendid Normal system and having a complete moidern scien tific equipment which I feel quite sure yiou cannot better-I feel quite sure you can't beat-in the United Kingdom itself. What are the re sults of this education ? For one a healthy reaction from the old fashioned crusted Tory idea which be lieves in a man sticking in that natural condition in life to which they say God has pre-destined bin, and that this education is all a wrong thing for low-class, common people. But I think I could show you one thing br way of1 illustration, as. the result of education, that is coming to the front, and that is the co- operative movement. Farmers are establish ing co-operative industrial centres. Twenty, thirty, or fifty farmers club together and start a creamery, and get'paid by results, where formerly, they were in the grip of the middle men, or the butter speculator, who would do . all they could to establish an artificial glut in the market^ and lower the,price to the producer, ultim ately to raise it to' the consumer. These societies have now their splen did creameries, with every scientific adjustment. They have their large factories. They are to be found everywhere in New Zealand; in every large town there yon have the farmers' co-oDerative societies, and we are rapidly following suit in the colonies. Whon butter falls below 9d it goes to the Old Country. They work their own insurances; they buy, their etores wholesale and divide the profits; and, in many cases, where, they, mere for merly struggling for need of money, they are now earning from 22 to 50 per cent, in many of these farmers' co- operative societies. In the sugar cane industry they at first started a number of small mills, but now they have, got a huge, capita list company' to. take in ' the sugar cane from all thefarmera round about the distfjipt; the Company .pro vides transit, the farmergots his re turn in hard rash, an^.thore is. peace, plenty and contentment, where formerly {there was despair, lops, and retrogression. ^ The farmers are in thp same way working the milling industry in several districts. They find it suits better to get a pjid miller, a#d get the price of the gtaiij, which' formerly went into the handset .the speculators. As regards the mining .industry, let me give yon one illustration.' In oij owii district of New England.I assisted at a picnic with the magistrate and some residents of the district abont'llyears ago. We went up to start a five-stamp battery. That was the only battery then qn these slopes. There is a mighty declivity in the heart of. the mountain, and down,at the bottom of this gorge, 1500 feat "from the table land, you could see the brawling waters of Baker's ,Creek .splashing below. Down there another discoverv was mpder-a. very j-iph vein , of gold. Fourteen years ago, . inhere there was only a single bark .hut, and where the wallaby dispofi^d themselves in the pale moonlight, you have now. a well ordered, self-governing townBhin of nearly. 4000 'inhabitants^ w|th four comfortable churches, first-class .gov ernment edifices, a m&gnifipent; public school cspable of holding nearly 500 scholars, a *agr fine cottage jiojpjital, andin.fact every contrivance fitted to minister to, the comfort of civilise^ life. Sust the other Say the engineers began to harness the, river, with; the reins and trammels of science/' and now that little township is to be lit with the electric light; and'tome 200 be^l of stampers tire crushing the ore Jay and night, and what a-music of industry it la! Well, the Brawny mioers'are'getting steady employment, i'ost because human ingenuity has larnesaed the powers of nature and brought them under their sway.' Man has assented bis God-like intelligence, and there you bave'a little pictoii if the progress that is going on-'ail brer New South. Wai ear -Wiiy,.^ou ouitbt to be piojid; to , jsee . your ^low countrymen toot degenerating from the noble stock from ,? which they hare sprang,. In New South Wales, and in Aus tralia, . you ' have the beat-educated democrafy on the. face of thq earth. Education has always been. tbn prond boast of the Scottish nation. We have, all down the Annals' 'of history, been, perhaps tbe best -educated people.. But your brfthfaij jo, Ansj^falia.arejninnibg you hard. I maintain. Jhi»t they have gotds iuuch plubk, and more freedom; | and in a great ,mapy ..points, of jegal enactments, Jitgi .^ajJUo'f-tbe j mother country. In enterprise. and «jdoB*t«on Uioy~.aro not-'bebinjl, We want sot the ecutn and th<J riffraffijr reiatip/is areftlwl -l4>.A<>t rid of; bat we j ioviteithe liimwtowppkiiig iiiBO that bae aatout.iejjt a^Ywifling; hands. If tWrnin have i' little oapita'-, st much (he tetter; but if not, he will soon make.it-if hejsgareful. I feel sure that if a man wmply apply the good homespun qualities of thrifty, pains taking, and persistent industry, be is bound to succeed. There is no royal road to' wealth. The only waj f& wealth fa industry. Itis " the band of tire diljRfent that malfeth richand wff^iSpwI^-W'no to. get richeSj bwcauge " he that worketh opt, neither jh.alll(p fat." ?Yon arebere a vast nation of manu facturing enterprise. I BometimeB thiblc ttat your borne farmers are a littlelackingin enterprise; but I' am not jgoing to say anything ahout that because! know howharl has bgsp their' lot. lately-owing tn the ereit fall in prices of the staple produ'ots of tbe former* toil. Ton workers in the city, however you toi lersin thegreijt cen tres of human industry you cannot be supplied tritb all your food by your own soil. You must depend on out sHe sources, Why then should you not welcome the produce of the bBoda and active industry of yonr own brethren, rather than depend'.on. pos sibly alien and lioitile sources of sup ply. Therefore, I say, you ought lo welcome the supply of the Australian farnjer becauBeii comsi froma brother after all. Thgre is'lhe same, gracious Queen rulingthero, who atjeastii one of tlie tips that bind us together. X°u British people pray "God. save'the Queen" ; " Gqd s^e the Empress of India"; but yon ought not to forget to pray that the Queen in&y; rule ove.r and shew favour not to this British nation only but thai she msjr exercise a. monarchy over the lianly hands and the brave hearts, the willing loyalty and the loving comradeship of that Greater Britain under- tlin Southern Cross, to which I am proud to belong. -(Applause.) 