MRS. TREGASKISS. A NOVEL OF ANGLO-AUSTItALIAN LIFE. BY MRS. CAMPBELL FRAED,. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. CHAPTER XXX. — Outside the Cave. Mrs. Hilditcb was standing not far from the boulders when Clare emerged from the oleft in advance of Geneste. He and she both had the feeling of being detected criminals. The humiliation was horrible and made Clare more recklessly determined to fling off falsities. Gladys bad sensed the situation, and Clare's fsce confirmed her suspicions. She knew that there had been a critical lore seene — guessed that Geneste bad persuaded Clare to ran away with birn "Ah, the children ! That was fast all that mattered," Gladys ssid to herself too M Clsrt," she whispered, M I hare been look ing for yon. I am afraid Mr. Tregaskisa is angry at yonr being ont so long. They're all come back. Helen and Alias Lswford bare gono to bed, and I let Air. Trcgaskiss think that you were in the care, too." "That wastery devoted of you, Gladys, to tell a lie for my sake," Clare answered in an odd tone. "But I think we'll undeceive Keith now. We are not going to hare any more iita — after to night." " Clare, do yon mean—" At that moment Geneste came up to tbem, and said in bis self-possessed manner : — "I am afraid it is very late, Mrs. Hilditcb, and the fault is mine of kseping Mrs. Tregaskisa out. It's a lerely moonlight night, isn't it? I think I bad better go to my camp now, and I hope you ladies won't find the cave very uncomfortable. Good- night" He shook bands formally with Gladys, but did not say anything to Clare. To Gladys, the omission was significant; to Clare, a recognition on his part of their new relation towards eaoh other, and of her declara tion that there were to be no more lies. He walked away in the direotion of one of the camp fires — the furthest — where Blanchard and Al&rtin; Cussck were sitting. Close by the black boys lay wrapped in their blankets, having heaped their smouldering log with twigs to make a smoke against the mosquitoes. The horses had got si near to the smoke, too, as tbey dared, and were whisking tbeir tails and making the bells round their neoks jingle as they jerked their heads. Besides the fire nearest the cave, Trcgaskiss, Shand and the Gulf man were lounging, their pipes alight, their guns at tbeir feet, and two or three dead pelicans and several braes of wild duck on the ground outside the tent. They were talking noisily, discussing the evening's sport, and Clare, as she walked close by, heard Trcgaskiss say, " By Jove, I'm sorry now Ididn't let the pioanniony come. It would have been a regular adventure for her, and would have cleared her head of that witch rubbish. She's kept too much at home and stufled with fairy tales and rot. I'm not going to have it any longer; she shall ride about with me, and my word she'll soon be sitting a buck jumper. There's not a seat on the Leura can beat here." "Where's Ning, Mr. Tregaskiss?" Gladys called ont, not for the sake of information, but ss something to say that he might know they were near. T'tgaskiss looked up and eaw his wife. His f&oe; flushed with anger. " So it is you, at laBt !" he growled with scant ceremony. " I guessed you weren't in the cave. About time isn't it for decent folks to come in and go to bed. I sent Ning hours ago, but I suppose her mother was too well occupied to see after her." "Ning always puts herself to bid, you know," cheerfully observed Gladys. " And her mothor hears her say herprayera I " sneered Tregaskiss. " The prayers went to the wall to-night. I hate damned bypoorisy." "Can't I do anything for you, Airs, Tregas- kiss?" cried Air. Shand, coming forward and trying to create a diversion in his usual clumsy fashion. "I 'beg your pardon, I'm sure ; I didn't see you. Look at our 6ag ! These pelican ekins are going to be cured for trimming a dress or eloak, or something for Ning. It's awfully like grebe, isn't it? . . Oh yes, the mosquito nets are sluug up, Airs. Hilditch ; and I do hope you won't get muoh bitten. Good night. Sure I can't do anything" ; and he left them in front of the tar paulin which protected the entrance to the cave, having, at Gladys gratefully observed, covered their retreat. Airs. Tregaskiss pushed aside the tarpaulin. No light but that of the moon was in the cave, but it was suffieient to show the row of forms stretched on narrow beds of heaped grass and leaves over which waterproof sheeting and blankets had been spread, though features could not be distinguished. She pur posely avoided looking at the furthest recess, which, being partially screened by & pro jecting piece of rock, and so affording a little privacy, had been arranged by Geneste for Clare and Ning. It seemed impossible to Clare that she could spend the rest of that night by her ohild's side — the ohild whom she had forsworn an hour ago, and whom she would desert ou the morrow. Something clutched at her mother's heart then, but she shook herself free from the thought of those helpless babes, taking refuge in that of her pledge to Geneste. She would force herself to keep it; she would not expose herself to the chance of another struggle ; she would abstain as far as she could from looking into her child's face. She stooped and picked up a waterproof that lay near the tarpaulin curtain. " I'm not going to sleep in there," she said, " It's too stifling. I shall lie down on the rockoutslde." Gladys tried to dissuade her. "Ning might awake and be frightened." "There will be plenty to comfort her," said the mother still in that odd voice. Gladys took a blanket from her own coach, which was nearest the entrance. "Well you shall have this to lie upon. Come and we'll find a oosy place. But, oh, the mosquitoes ! You will be eaten alive and made hideout." " I'll tie my veil round my face," said Clare ; and Gladys gave way, remarkiog that she sup posed snakes were as likely to be inside as out. They found a hollow on the waterfall platform, sheltered on two sides, and with a rooky floor. Gladys spread tbeblankot, and went back for an armful of leaves and grass. Clare sat down ; he would not lie, saying she was aot sleepy. "Neither am L And I've got something to tell you. I want you to know that I am very happy." " I knew that already, Gladys." " Ob, yoa couldn't help knowing. It's in my very self, and comas out at the ports of my skin." " And from your eyes, and in yonr laugh and in the tone of your voice— sinoe yesterday," ssid Clare. " Ah, I only knew for o.rtain last night. I don't deserve it. I'v. been so bad ; I'm not worthy of him. But that's the beauty of love, Clare. Nothing matters— not even badness, for lore washes it all awsy. Oh, my dear, nothing matters hut iove, and money, is of no account whatever." " You'll loso your money. Oh, no — I quite agree with you, that is not of the least eonie- quenoe — if the love lasts." " It will last ; it has lasted without a shadow of change— in me anyhow— since the Grit moment I saw him. And I wis married then, and I snppose it was wicked of me to care for him. Well, I couldn't help it. And through all that time of misery and humiliation and loneliness I knew that my only hope lay there. That was why I came out. I meant to make him marry me." "And you hava sncceedsd I" " Not quite yat ; bat he w.n't break his word now that he baa given ft. I bad to mak him ask me. He fought bard against it. It was nil my wretched money and his pride, and to-night we fought a battle to .the death over it, and I killed his pride and ha had to acknowledge him self conquered." Clare pressed her friend's hand, but made no response. Gladys kaaw why the conld not apeak, and w.nt on. " Of coarse w# shall be dreadfully poor, but I hall get him home and the things will coma right with bis father. And I shall wait and lart— I don't Bind cheating Mr, HUdlUh'a htin that way. And I'vagot a balance of nearly £2000, and we shall manage somehow — and I mustn't buy any more lace. Glare, darling, I want to thank you — to thank yon with all my heart for having mo here, and giving ma tha chance of getting near him, and of finding ont that he did love me after all." The women kisaed eaoh othar. "Clare," whispered Gladys. "Ob, my poor dear, I'm so lorry for you." " There's no need." "Yet there is. Do you think I don't know ? Yon and I have been bound by the samo ohain ; we've eniTered in the tame way, and we both know the hideouinoss of it. Clare, there'e nothing in the whole universe so good as love, and there's nothing in tho world so immoral as living with a man you ean't oars for, when yon love another man. Listen ; If you were going away with Dr. Geneste te-morrow, if it wasn't fer the children, I'd say you were doing right !" " And the ohildren ?" Clare spoke ai quietly as though the affair concerned another person; only the twitch in her voice betrayed ber emo tion. She admitted nothing. Gladys knew that she would not aoknowledge her Intention, but none the less was Glcjys sure of it. "The children make the wrong. Oh, it would be a crime— a eruelty— to leave them. Clare— you are not meaning that?' Clare made no reply. " Think," pleadod Gladys. "He wonld marry again, 'think of poor little Ning and the baby 1 And a stepmother— or worse." Clare shuddered, but still said nothing. " Clare," cried Gladys, desperately, " Yon won't ipeak ; yon will tell me nothing. You are etone outside, but do yon think I don't know that you are suffering tortures ?" "I am— suffering tortures. I want to end them." "Ob, how canyon fancy that yon will end them by running away? The children will haunt yon to your life's end." Still silence. Gladys went on. "Take them with you. Go, and live your own life ; you are justified — if you go alone. But, oh, wait for that other love-life, Wait anyhow a few months — a few years. You don't know what may happen. Something, per- haps, which wonld put you in the right and give you freedom. Don't put yourself in the wrong first. Go away if you like, but alone with the children." "Yon forget that I have no money to live an independent life with." " What docs that mattsr? I have enough to help you." "Yeu forget, too," said Clare elowly, "that they are my husband's children, and that I have not the right to take them away from him." Gladys made an impatient gesture. " He would not dare to go to law." "I can't enter into that. I suppose there's soch a thing as moral light, and bad as I msy be in some ways, I feel the justice of that. He loves Ning better than I do. What is natursl instinct with him has only been duty with me. Gladys," sho added, "don't let ue speak of that any more. You are a good woman and a true friend, and I thank you with my whole heart. But you can't judge for mo. I must choose my own path, and go where it leads me." She got up as she spoke from ber leaning posture : it was a sign of dismissal. Gladys was not, perhap;, altogether sorry that for the time she must olose the discussion. Clare had shut herself up iu a chamber of reserve to which she could not penotrate. Gladys knew that Clare mnst be meditating some decisive step— guessed indeed what tho atep was, bnt had no idea that it was likely to be put immediately into execution. She could not run away with Dr. Geneste that night, at any rate, and Gladys ,w»i herself so physically weary, as well as so utterly happy in the glow of her new understanding witti Blanchard that she longed for rest, and for the silent watches in which she might assure herself of the reality of her joy. " I see that you are tired ont," said Mrs. TregaBkiss. " Go and sleep. " " I shall not sleep, but of course I am tired. You must be tired, too, Clare. Won't you come and lie down beside Ning?" " No, I am better here." "Are yon going to stay here all night?" - " " Perhaps. But the morning can't be so very far off." " I don't lika to leave you, Clare." "Why not? It is my mania to enjoy being alone. Don't trouble about me. Go and rejoice ai I do, dear, too, in yonr happiness. Perhaps I shall be happy as well some day — or when I am dead, like poor Mrs. Garmody. Ske did her duty and minded her children. And what wss the use of it all ? Duty doesn't pay on the Leura. Good night, Gladys." "Good night, Clare." They kissed again. Gladys was turning away, but Clare stopped ber for a moment. "I bav. never pretended to be a good mother, and yon must take that into account. But I hare done ray best, and I have always been dreadfully sorry for the poor little children. Ob, there's something horrible," she cried, "in their having to come into the world whether they ebooie or no — the fruit of a marriage that's not the sacra mental marriage we need to talk of in the old days. Oh, how different that wonld make all ! Do you remember, dear, how we used to say to each other that we'd choose the highest — or nothing ? Instead of that we both chose the lowest. Now we have found out our mistake ; bnt you have been able to mend yours, and I haven't." "You will — some day. You'll be happy, as I I am, some day — able to be with him," "Perhaps. Yes, probably I shall be with him, some day. But that doesn't alter the faot that the poor littlo children were brought wrongly into the world. They are children of sin and shame ; worse off than if— for when they Vecome through love, their mother musthav. a different feeling for them ; and that'e juet the wrong in all. Well, I suppose God knows all about it. He should care far them and put the wrong right and rais. friends for them better than their wicked mothers. Gladys, I just wanted to aek yon to think of that when — when you've got children of your own. I just wanted to eay — if anything should happen to me, and it ever comes in your way, you'll be kiod, won't you, to my Ning and baby ? " Chapter XXXI.— The Penalty. Through the boors Clare Tregaskiss remained half lying, half crouobing in the hollow beside the cave. She had, in a mechanical fashion, prepared hsrielf for the night, piling up against the wall of rook the leaves and grass Gladys had brought, thns making a sort of cushion, npon which ah. reclined, her water- proof spread over it and the blanket covering her knees. The mosquitoes, having scant shelter of herbage just here, were not so troublesome as down on the grassy plateau, or perhaps she did not feel them. Anyhow ehe untied the veil she bad fastened ronad her head and face, and stayed during the night bare beaded and with wide eyes staring out over the desolate bash. The scene harmonieed with her mood. It was ber impulse always when Bhe was wretched or torn by rebellious longings to make for the wildest and lonelisat spot she could find. To- night ehe was so physically exhausted, and so wrought up mentally, that aha was barely con- scions of material facts. She had a gruesome fancy of herself as one walk- ing on the edge of a precipiee, the pledge to Geneste — ber foothold as it were — the thought of her children and of the life she was going to give' up typified iu the black, but always horribly preseut, vacuum below, from which to save herself she most keep away her eyes and har mind. Everything else was a confusion of aouod and dim images, except the light of Geneite's camp and tha thrilling con- sciousness of that 'steel-like invisible chain binding .. their, beings together. Sometimes Ning'e solemn dark eyes would shine out of the gulf, and then she wonld wince and totter, and in terror draw herself together and turn her own ayes inward. Sometimes she would fancy that she heard NiDg's voice, in its quaint half aboriginal utterance, raised in accents of pain and distress,- and at inch momenta woald have difficulty ia assuring herself that en the ether ide of the rocky wall Ning lay aonndly sleeping. It was not strange that uncanny fancies should have visited her, for the ghostly scene and the night sounds were enough to mails scout Btrrci creep, Xh, bosh was loll of wtiid gurg- llnge and rustlings, and a senae of mystery and of the illimitable eecraed to breathe from among the desolate stretobes, the moon-made shadows, the straight bare stems of the gum trees, the dark clumps of gidjn and the grey upheaved boulders. Tho " hop-hop " of wallabies came from among the fallen timber in the gorge behind her ; there was tha shrill chirrup of the tree frog, and there were throaty noises from nameless rcptilaa making for the pool below the cave. Here soma whit, harked, crooked trees' bent lika ghosts over the water, upon whose inky black- ness the moon east a feeble ray, giving a now touch of dread to tho scene. She could hoar the heavy flapping of flying foxes' wings, and from the scrub came tha die- ma! howling of dingoes, and, nearer, the eurlews' wail. That eound which for a eeoond she fancied to bo Ning's voice call ing "Mummy 1" was from a native bear, which has a cry like a ohild. The moon went elowly down, and by-and-bye the must have slept a little, for she awoko to >ee that faint greyness on the edge of the eky whloh heralde dawn, and to hear the niopoke giving its early note and tha long, derieiva chuckle of the laughing jackass. She watched tho day break, heard the reus- ing of the black boyi when they went after the horses, and then, stiff and aching, got up and stole round to the entrance of the tent. She fancied they might think it strange that she should have been out all night, and thought that she would lie down and make a pretence of having elept like tb. rest. Bnt tb unconquerable dread she bad of meeting Ning's eyes and hearing the ohild'e prattle held her back, and instead she went down the rocks and to a lonely pool, an outlet of the larger pool, where she washed and did hor hair and got rid of some of the tracca of ber vigil. The sun was quite up by the time she had finished, and sho was mounting the rocks again when she heard a call from the cave, "Ning ! Ning ! " ; and then her own name in Gladys's voice, "Clare ! " She quickened har ateps. Gladys met her before ehe reached the cave. The tarpaulin was drawn back, and Helen Cussck and her Bicters stood before the entrance. Clare, in her dazed way, noticed that they lookod alarmed. "Have you got Ning with yon?" Gladys asked. She spoke sharply, and her eyes had a frightsned expression. "Ning!" cried Mrs. Tregaskiss startled. "No; I have not aeon her. It ehe not in the cave!" "IVe can't find her," answered Gladys. "I thought you might have coma in when we were asleep and taken her out." "She is in bed," eaid Clare, turning white with an undefined fear. "I don't believe ahe has bean in bed all night," oried Gladya. "The blanket 1 (jolts as if it had never been disturbed. There was a roll of waterproofs and things on it and that made me think she was thare. It was so dark in the cave, and I never looked closely." The Cueack children joined in. They had been ao tired that they bad tumbled into bed without thinking of Ning. Miss Lawford spoke of the child having begged her father to look for Gerda's witch with her, and of how he had Bent her back to bed. Not one of them had en Ning since then. There were no traces of her in the care ; the obvious inference was that she had never been back. As she listened, blackness camo over Claro — the blackness of the inn at Cedar Hill, when ehe had wakened to tho sight of Genestw. She tottered against the rock, and her blood seemed to- rush away from her body. In a few eeeonds the blackness passed, and her heart beat quickly, and a tingling came Into her limbs as the blood flowed again. Gladys wna eupporting her, and Helen was at her other side. By a kind of divination she knew that some awful thing had occurred, and that she had called down a doom upon her child. Gladya and Helen heard ber eay in a terrible sort of in- ward whisper, " God baa punished me. He has killed Ning ! " "Oh, Mrs. Tregaskiss, don't be frightened; it's sure to be all right ; and I expeet she is just playing round," said Helen, "or perhaps she has gone to one of the other camps. I'll run and see." Helen flew to tho nearest of the camps, where Tregaskiss, juat risen from his blankets, was rating a black boy for having let one of the horses stray. Shand, the Gulf man, and Martin Cnsack were kindling a fire and making pre parations for the baking of Johnny cakes, while Geneste and Blanohard were filling the billies with water. ' "Ning! My good God! She's gone, and straying baa lost herself !" cried Tregaskiss, horror stricken, when Helen told him how the child was missing. "I sent her back to bed when we went shooting last night. I haven't seen her since." It was the same story with all. No ooe had beheld Ning since she had callod after lier fatbhr and be bad totd her it was time for picca ninny to be asleep. Everybody who had thought about her at all had supposed that she had put herself to bed as wss her habit at home. Those who had thought of ber upon going into the cave, seeing in the dim moonlight tho bundle upon her blankets in the recess, had imagined it to be Ning herself coiled up in profound lumber. Besides, they had of courao expected that her mother would be beside her. When Tregaskiss learned that Clare had not slept in the cave his mad anger knew no bounds. He uttered words which were not pleasant for bystanders to hear. Moanwhile the gorge rang with " Coo-ess " and calls of "Ning! Ning!" Miss Lawford, glad to escape from the seene between Tregaskiss and. bit wife, rushed with the Cussck girls peer ing into impossible crannies. Helen andMartin searched more systematically round the plateau. Clare herself was like one upon whom a doom has fallen, and who knows there ii no use in resistance. She bore her husband's reproaches with perfect quietness, not stirring a muscle, siill aud stony as though the nerves of hearing seasation had been paralysed. " Har. you no feeling at all, that yon stand there like a marble statue ? " roared Tregaskiss, who had completely lost his head. " By God, if anything has happened to the piccaninny through your neglect I'll never epeak to yon or look on your face again. As for me, I'd as soon be dead and done for as lose the picca ninny." Geneste and' Blanchard stepped up to him. Ambrose spoke first. " Look here, Mr. Tregaskiss, it iin't as bad as all that, and this isn't tb. way to take it; Mrs. Tregaskiss is no more to blame than yon or I, or any of us. Tha child will be found again all right, you may be certain. She has just strayed and lost harself, and we've got to loae no time in looking for her. Let's settle at once what to, do." "We bad better divide into search parties," aid Geneste. " Each one take a black boy, except perhaps myself and Martin Cusack. He's a good trsoker, and I'm used to it." "I'li back Genesee re crack a skitter aoross running water," cried tbe Gulf man. Tregaskiss bestirred himself with feverish activity. Geneete took command, and presently the horses were saddled, and the search parties started, Tregaskiss foremost. Soon every human being of that pleasure expedition was scouring range, gullies, flats and lake shore for little Ning. The ladiea of the party and the new ebnms kept near the gorge and ecoared the ground, going iu line to and fro among the gullies, shouting as they went, but no answering call came and there was no sign of the child. Then they went- towards the lake, but to no -avail. At I o'clock a blaok boy among the aearcheri track e track for abont 10 yards on the old Eangalla road, and than again, for abont 100 yards on a cattle path — just two tiny boot- marks, but it was lost again complately. The tracka ran inland from tha laka, and were a long way from the camp, tailing a pathetic tale of the poor baby'a night wanderings. They made these tracka tba .point of a fresh start' in all tha dircotiena round. Blanchard rode back with the newe, and Gladys and Helen and even Miss Lawford wept with joy, for now they felt anre Ning would be found. But Clare did not shed a tear or give a mile, nor did she show any anxiety in putting together food and a blanket in which to wrap the child when they should come upon her. She h'td been walking aimlessly, har fact a mask of despair — walking beoausa she could not sit till, not with any hope. I know that Ming ia dea4L" she aald, In htr. stony voice. "There Is no use In taking food j she will not ueed it But I should like to have her little dead body so that the dingoes and wild birds msy not hurt it" Her calmness was tcrribls ; she did not shudder like the rest at the suggestion. " Ambrose, I thinlc ehe is going mad." whis pered Gladys, "ehe never eaya a word, only walks — walks— with that awful sat face. What can we do?" " IVe will bring the child, please God, before many hoars arc over, end that is all we can do," he answered. " If only there were a station near where we could get search bands and freeh horses. Tlisre are so few of us. Geneste la ' tracking like a blaokfellow or a Bed Indian, and Tregaskiss will not let the black boys stop for a moment, though he is so wild with grief thet ho is not much use himself. The ebild must be saved if it ie humanly posiible to aava her." He rode away again, and there were more in. terminable hours of waiting. All they conld do still waa to wander and about and maka fires on the hills, which should attraot the little ereatnra if she wera hidden in ona of the ravines near. No one cams back that night from the ontaide searchers. The night wae pasiod in that aimless wandering and unbroken matches of sleep taken in relays, the watchers starting at cries of curlews or native bears in the fancy that it might bo the voice of the child. The country blazed with tho fires they had lighted, and some went down to the lake shores, the distraught mother among them, and covered milts along the sand. But there was no Ning. In the morning after the second night Tre gaskiss crawled np to the camp lame, his feet out by the stonee through hie boots, his hands bleeding and his eyes wild and blood- hot. He had been tracking an loot by moonlight and had lost - himself. Still he had been able to strike tho gorge at days break. Now he had come for one of the ladies' horses, for their own wore knocking up. Clare waB Btill wandering by the lake shore, and per haps it was well that she did not seo her hus band, for her heart wonld only have been harrowed the more. Helen and Mlii Lawford brought him some damper and beef, and he at. it mechanically, taking no notice of either of tbem, in words, but Helen fancied that he turned away from Sliss Lawford with something like a shudder. He was curiously subdued, and there was an expression upon his face, in all its wildneae almost solemnising— a faint reflection of that look which Paul of Tarsus must have worn when he came back to Damascus blind. "What had been his thoughts duringthpse lonely hours ne one knew, butGladys partly guessed them. He came up to her while they were catching and saddling Helen's horse. "I don't want to see my wife," ha said, "bnt yon can tell ber I am aorry that I spoke to her as I did. I am as mnch to blame as aba is for Ning's death. Yes, Mrs. Hilditch, Ning is dead." He fixed his eyss with their etrange spiritualised expression on Gladys's face, and aha wondered if this were in truth the old Tregaekise, his features eeemed to have so curiously sharpened, and all his bloated look and coarseness to have disappeared. "She came to me last night, ont in the bash," he went on. "I saw her as plain as I sea yon. She stood in front of me and held out her little arms, and then she vanished. . , . She held out her little arms," he repeated huskily. " She was always fond of her daddy — tbe Piccaninny." Hit voice broke altogether, and the great fellow gave a choking cry, and flinging himself forward with bis hsad upon his arms, bsaved and shook in an agony of uneon- trollable grief. " I — I — can't bear it," ha sobbed. " I dotted on the l'icoaninny." Gladys sobbed too. It was as mnch at tha sight of his grief as for tho Piccanniny. He looked utterly broken, and ehe guessed that the enforced abstinence from stimulants of bo many hours had something to do with his shattered condition. She brought him some brandy, but to bar great surprise he took the pannikin and daebed it to the ground. "No more of that for me," be eaid. I've drunk my last drop of grog, and I'm done for ever with it, and with other things too. Some- thing came over me last night, Mrs. Hilditch, that has made a changed man of me." Gladys' wondered, bnt she did not epeak. Trcgaskiss got up and shouted with one of his old oaths to tbe blackboy to bo quick with the horse. "She's doad," ha murmured, "but I've got to find her. It kills me to think ol my Picca- ninny's pretty face— and perhaps tho din- goes " Again he gave a great sob, and his hand and arm shook as he drew the reins tigbt in order to mount. "You may tell Clare," he said, bend ing down, "that I'm a changed man. Befoie heaveD, I mean it." (To he continued.) 