POINTED PARS. The new morning' daily will be known as the Australian Times. The wheat yield of the United ..King dom this season is the smallest oh rjco'rd. The world's yield of wheat for this year is 232,000,000 bushels uuder. last year's 1 return. A further rise in; wool is anticipated. It is really time our pastoralists had a turn of substantial luck. . .. ... ..... Mr. Reid is getting his carpet bag ready to proceed to London to talky-lhe Commons' into antagonism against\the Legislative Council. t; - » s . An " infernal. machine'." : The; land owners opinion of the Land Tax Machin ery Bill. .. . What a scene tLat must beat Lourdes where 25,000 sick pilgrims are, awaiting, their turn to be dipped in 'the miraculous waters. ... " . The Premier- is in a tight, corner ; over those exemptions,' -They;may, land' .him on his Upper (House's, heels. . , . , " Sunday last was a sort of " Black Sun day" for N.S.W. The fire fiend was. answerable for much excitement. ; >v Capt'. Lea of the Ringaroonta got no ; satisfaction fronvthe Admiralty. This is. a severe snub to unanimous public ; opin ion thoughout Australia. ': England has an alien difficulty as welt as Australia., The Shahzadah .of Afghan istan refuses to: quit the country;'.1 and! court etiquette is.outraged thereby; - . The manager and valet to Baron Roths child will no doubt want an .-increase of salary. Handling and managing/ bomb, loaded letters is. a ticklish task. meriting, handsome pay'.. ' * * It is'nqbtrue that; the S^M.Hcrald svill shortly publish a series- of*articles.;on the; eflicacj'and' reasonableness of anarchy.. The;Herald should always; be giveur time: to think. Professor Anderson Stuart holds- many offiices from the Statp and-draws th& ac ceptable sum. of ^*1589 3/6 annua{l'y.| Dalley's name, is not to die out. His: eldest son-another William Bede-has: just married a-. yourig kdy of Manljv ;>?' Sev.en more: young fellows have been, admitted solicitors of'tlie Supreme Court of N.S. W. How are we' going to- keep the overgrowni army of sharks ?.' . One'; of our smartest young., members, lias a horrible habit of sniffing."; He: apparently does not' recognise, how ob~ noxious ,this-is to men o£- refined and-cul tured habits. ! . Another semi-youthfiil ? member;, en deavours . to reign outside the House through superciliousness. I-Te imagines; [ he succeeds, for his toa. Iies crin-je-,. an d J gentlemen walk away witli- the silence of contempt. : , . . . v , A Sydney newspaper publishes- an' ar ticle'on " modern madhouses," and does: not include Parliament Mouse of N.S.W.. The article is obviously incomplete., j What Australia wants is just such ai [beneficent boom as that which- now . !: vitalises, the United States. ji _ Sydney is well " Joc-ed " at the-prespnt ,;time.v-The American preacher Joe Coolc: .at Centenary Hal); "Joseph of Canaan,*' at her- Majesty!^;' " Gen tleman-- Joe," at: the Lyceum Ban-jo Easton; .at the; Empire; and another J;oe- Cook rat the: posb'office. ' 1 ' , .; Messrs. H. S. Badgery;- Edmund 13a r Iton. Thos.'Buckland,. Thos; D'avisi'U. H,. Kelly, and E. Vickery are- the provincial' ..directors- of the-new daily paper. Now that Dibbs, Parkes, Siittor, Cope land, Kidd, and Toby Barton, are- out of ;th& way,.the lesser'lights. of the opposi tion-have a-chance^of' ministerial Miohey when- Mr. L.yne:acquires: the premiership.. . The Queensland labor members rwho< sued the Speaker' of the Assembly for damages for wrongful suspension .and failed with costs-against them.'amounting" to £888-the three." eights " are-ominous: -asked Parliament to pay the bill, but Parliament refused.the patriotic appeal, j .; T:h^:$unday Times is publishing ai story entitled "The Gentleman Larri kin." The romance- should be fbllowedl by " The gentle anarchist," " The miidt murderer," "The docile pugilist," " The-. , victuous .co-respondent," ''.The affection ate \yifebeater," " The sane lunatic,"' andi "'The disinterested legislator." W'indeyer met Price, M.P;, in the: street shortly after the elections and con ratulated him on. his victory. The menr^ er for Gloucester and the judge in^'ther Dean case- are personal friends; The ugly motion however may cause: a serious; breach in their relations. :; ., , Cardinal Moran says ' Australians pbs-, sess characteristics which, will enable them to build up"-a grand and- glorious, state-." His eminence evidently means; the state of the betting market. A Sydney journal threatens to publish' a.list of,the prominent public men" andi distinguished judicial and civil servants; who gamble on Randwick Racecourse.. The social gimlet bores again.. '' f ; " Raising the wind" threatens to "raise the dead at Nathalia (Vic.), where a ball on behalf of the cemetery .was giyefi re-.^' cently. Ghosts and spirits must have looked on the festive scene with beWildev nient. The fight over Land Taxation has only just begun. The fight for Local Govern-, ment began twenty years ago. Just' now ' there is a lull in hostilities. When the twentieth century is well advanced people: will still be advocating Land: Taxation and Local Government for N.S.W.--thafcv is if the province is not by .then-sur- 0 rende.l to the bailiffs. . . . . The Rev. Geo. Walters has scored a distinct success as a dramatic author. His "Joseph of Canaan^" produced in a splendid manner ar " Her Majesty's" on Saturday night, is a remarkable play. The pious multitude, whose religious scruples prevented them visiting theatres will no doubt conscientiously visit George Rignold's theatre during the run of this 