THE JANUARY MAGAZINES. The Fortnightly Review without Mr. Frank Harris is not the review we know. However, it is early in Mr. Courtney's editorship. The chief political interest in England just now is what is coming out of the antagonism of the two Houses. Mr. Swift McNeill, M.P., than whom as a constitu- tional adviser we could, perhaps, have a more moderate man, proposes to end the House of Lords, as to the " malignants " thereof, simply withholding the writs of summons issued to every Lord of Parliament at the opening of a new Parliament. He declares he cannot see the remedy of the Peers thus sent to political Coventry. Mr. Roylance-Kent takes the other side. His reading of the history of legislation this century goes to show that, the House of Lords is unjustly charged with recalcitrancy. Admitting that there may be need for reform, he wants the case against the Lords at least fairly stated. Mr. Geoffrey Drage discusses alien immigration, and maintains that England requires no legilsation such as Lord Salisbury and Mr. Chamberlain pro- pose. For Germany, beset with Slav immigration, the case is more urgent. Mr. Sidney Whitman, and authority on modern Germany, contributes a some- what late study of Moltke. " Vazaha," writing as one conversant with Malagasy affairs, thinks that for England loyally to give France a free hand in Madagascar will be best for the natives. the foreign residents, and for British trade. Captain Eardley-Wilmot extracts some definite lessons from the naval operations between China and Japan. For instance, the future warships must contain no wood, not even wooden decks ; the danger of fire from a shell exploding inboard is too groat. Quick-firing guns and stern-fire are of the highest importance. Torpedo boats at sea are ineffective. Armour is fully vindicated, and heavy guns at close quarters are terrible weapons. Mr. Haweis gushes about Rubinstein in a manner a little provoking. Lady Jeune writes pleasantly about shopping, and makes a kindly plea for the shopgirl, a class whose conditions of work much deserve altera- tion, if change is possible without lessening their employment. Mr. Mallock, in his novel, places Countess Shimna definitely upon the stage, and introduces Pansy Masters, a young person with a past — and a present, apparently. Exit Mr. Archibald Grove, enter Mr. W. E. Henley, as editor of the New Review, which has a new cover to emphasise the change within. This issue, in spite of Stevenson and politics, is a very taking number. It is almost impossible to have too much of Stevenson, but how wearisome becomes the eternal verbiage of those about Stevenson ! Mr. William Archer sounds the loud timbrel this time. The Master of Vailima has sent two poems to grace his friend's first issue. "The Wood- man " is a poem of thoesilent strife of nature, a good deal like Emerson's poetry, too metaphysical. May we discern in a touch or two the grief of Stevenson's last days ? —" When time shall bow or rivals break me." " Mater Triumphans" is three stanzas, in which the mother exults in her son. In a French article M. Emile Ollivier, a French politician of some services, assures England of France's sentiments of the most distinguished consideration. It may be so. Then how well they are generally dissembled ! Mr. Frederick Greenwood doesn't think there much in the rumoured Anglo-Russ understanding, that if there is it may be bad for us, and that the Triple Alliance has more claim upon English support. Sir Charles Dilke is seriously disquieted about the navy and wants it reinforced. "A Diplomatist." asks England and Russia to agree to the opening of the Dardanelles. He thinks the Armenia question the most acute form of the Eastern peril. Mr. W. S. Lilly, who sometimes called the Roman Catholic philosopher, patronises social purity, but thinks the C.D. Act should be forthwith restored. Mr. Steevens is not quite satisfied with Ibsen's new play, " Little Eyolf." It ought to have been a novel, he plaintively declares, but since it is not, why, it is a masterpiece all the same. Mr. Wells's " Time Machine," a story, is rather good ; but a word of warning to the wise. We read Stockton nowadays, and, though Mr. Wells is no plagiarist, that bizarre order of short story is easily overdone. Blackwood opens with a ghost story, just a little long and complicated. Miss E. Gerard is now acknowledged as the author of the new serial, " A Foreigner." As is her practice, the writer carries off her major persons of the play into Upper Germany — Bavaria now. Mr. Walter B. Harris, in whom the discriminating have by his former articles recognised a very strong recruit to " Maga," tells with contagious spirit the story of his invasion of a Moorish shrine. He enterered, glorious to behold, as a noble Moslem ; he left, his attire torn, and riding for his very life from the wild fanaticism of the Moors. Mr. Skelton continues most agreeably his selection of Froude's letters, a series that only ended just before the historian's death. Speaking of his trip to Australia Froude said:— "The other side is very much like this side, except that it is warm and bright an full of flowers and plums and peaches, and you never see a discontented face or a hungry one." As to " Oceana," he wrote :— " I am in the ex- traordinary position of having nothing but well to speak of everything and everybody. Having nobody to abuse I am like trying to fly a kite with out wind." He was very sore about the reception of his dreadful Carlyle biography. There is a pleasant paper on whist ; and a short sketch called " The Battle of Ping Yang : How the News was told at Dragon Valley," illustrates the peculiar national apathy of the Chinese peasant. "The Looker-on'' reviews things in general in a grey mood. Macmillan is not exhilarating, and the settled gloom of the effigies on its cover corresponds to that of the holiday reader. Xenophon was a prosperous gentleman and kept harriers, and furthermore wrote about sport as he understood it. He gets eight pages. Then Mrs. Ross has much to impart about land-tenure in Tuscany. Mr. Rees Davies recounts all he knows and much that all the world knows concerning the seal-hunting in the Northern Pacific. A unsigned descrip- tion of thoecoolie migration from the Malabar Coast to Burma is good, and there is a story illustrating the little ways of Italian great ladies in disposing of gentlemen who have offended them. In this case it is by presenting a sumptuous book to the person favoured. When he comes to examine it he finds that the pages adhere. If he has not read his "Arabian Nights," or is not otherwise posted in this pious fraud, he pokes his thumb in his mouth and moistens the leaves. The page is impregnated with poison, and the ardent student makes an un- pleasant corpse. Such is the ending of a reprobate medical student who has jilted a girl, and while "cheeking" the remonstrating parson, chews up a page of the clergyman's treasure, an old book that had belonged to Lucretia Borgia. The novel, " The Herons," arrives at the stage when the villain appears and the mystery of Edmund Heron deepens. In Longman's the sixth of Mr. Froude's lectures on "English Seamen of the Sixteenth Century " deals with Drake's ever-memorable expedition to the West Indies. Mr. " Anthony's Hope's " tale, " The Lady of the Pool," is concluded. An interesting account, of a charity half main- tained by the readers of this magazine is given as usual at the end of the year. " The Donna " sells food cheaply to portion of the London poor, and distributes warm clothing, besides keeping open a night shelter. Here also is a poem by Stevenson, " To S. C. " — Mr. Sidney Colvin, the editor of "Across the Plains," and the Edinburgh Stevenson, no doubt. In fine blank verse he tells of strolling in a southern isle and thinking of C.'s house in London first, but then of Edinburgh, and the graves of his kin :— There on the sunny frontage of a hill, Hard by the house of kings, repose the dead, My dead, the ready and the strong of word. Their works, the salt-encrusted, still survive; The sea bombards their founded towers ; the night Thrills pierced with their strong lamps. Thu arti- ficers, One after one, here in this grated cell, Where the rain erases and the rust consumes, Fell upon lasting silence. Continents And Continental oceans intervene; A sea uncharted, on a lampless isle, Environs and confines their wandering child In vain. The voice of generatious dead Summons me, sitting distant, to arise, My numerous footsteps nimbly to retrace, And all mutation over, stretch me down In that denoted city of the dead. This, one would think, is an earlier poem, for the Crockett quatrains just published reveal Steven- son's despair of ever more returning. The family piety that finds strong expression in this poem is peculiarly part of Stevenson's nature. Cornhill opens with a promising new novel by Mr. Merriman. The first two chapters pass in Russia, by the Volga. A readable article describes the winter life of the Simplon Hospice, and a paper consecrated to those very eccentric people, operatic singers, gossips cheerfully about Malibran, Catalani, and others. The earnings of these ladies are great. Catalani in 1807 drew £5000 from the King's Theatre. Her net profits for that year were £16,700. Albani had £2000 for one season. Sontag had £1000 a month for six months when she reappeared in London in 1849. "The Lost Duchess" is a readable tale of a well-executed hoax, by which the Duke of Datchet pays £500 to release his duchess from London brigands. Meanwhile her Grace is seeking the Duke, who, she is told, has been run over by a van. The first number of a new English monthly magazine reaches us from Messrs. Ward, Lock, and Bowden. It is called the Windsor Magazine, and opens with promise of being found very acceptable to those who like their literature light, varied, and well-illustrated. Two serials begin in this number — Mr. Guy Boothby's "Bid for Fortune," in which the early instalment concerns itself with Sydney, and Mr. H. S. Merriman's "The Grey Lady," which begins in Spain. The interview is with "Edna Lyall" (Miss A. E. Bayly). Then Mr A. Morrison unveils a diamond mystery — the first, of a series. Notice, is given of a scheme for providing women with dowries by means of life assurance. Portraits of notable people's youngsters, poems by Mr. Norman Gale and Mrs. Piatt, sketches about cycling, millinery, and men's attire, and short stories help out a number which is likely to be enjoyed from one cover to another by everybody and his wife. A coloured picture shows the direct line of the Royal family, the Queen, the Prince of Wales, the Duke of York, and his baby. 