summary: A' report from Berlin Identities Marshal Yamagata, the Japanese commander-in- chief, as the missing Archduke John of Austria. The British Government have informed Nicaragua that the demands made in their ultimatum will he einorced by Lriunli war ships. Tho London "batlv News cmi- sidci :j that the credit of the colonies lias recovered quickly, and that the liquidation of Austra lian banks no longer creates much uneasi ness, Sir Henry Loch, who is mentioned ns probably -he new Governor of New youth Wales, "will meet the .Marquis of Uipon to-morrow. In the event of Sir Henry Loch refusing the Governorship of Now South Wales, tho Karl of Onslow is mentioned for the posi tion. Count von Caprivi, formerly the Geruiar Imperial Chancellor, L; reported to have declared that, it is necessary for Egypt to bo made neutral territory. In the opinion of Count von Caprivi, Great. Britain should withdraw from Egypt in the interests of general peace, especi ally us she could do so without wounding her own dignity. A conference of tho independent labor party was opened in England on Tuesday. A resolution has been adopted by the labor eonfoiVTioo in England favoring a Stat;' tax on mummed incomes, to pro vide pensions for old men and for widows of disabled workers. A force of 0000 of tho enemy is assemble! near Mundia Khan to block the advance oC the British expedi'ion to Chitrul. Four bund p ei tribesmen were either killed or wounded in the engagement at the cross ing of .the J'anjkora River. Lieut. FowLr and tho other British pris oners held by Umra Khan as hostages have been released. The Vatican is reported to he directing French bishops and other heads of tiio Church to refuse to pay taxes on the rev enues of religions order:'. Brince Bismarck consider.-: the Triple Al liance likely to be p,-nr.ane!ii. as. unless Austria ami Germany bo friendly, it will bo impossible to face the future of Europe. The loaders of the British boot, trade strike alarm that the recent conference was useless, and that the men prefer starvation and death to the employers' tonus. A Queensland loan of fl, 250.000, at JV- per cent., with a minimum of 9SL», is an nounced in London. It. is reported that Sir Henry Norman, Governor of Queensland, intends tu retire at the end of the year. The Public Works Committee yesterday further considered the proposed harbor im provements at Newcastle. A conference of representatives of Aus tralasian Commercial Travellers' Associa tions was held iit .Sydney yesterday to eon sider a scheme of fed"ration. For sanitary reasons the parishioner), of St. John's Church of England, Bega, have prohibited the entry of coffins into the church during funeral services. Several women were lined at Mi nmi yes terday for t in-lcottling Bad; (.'reck non- unionists, and thev declared that, they would go to gaol rather than pay. A little boy named Fogarty was drowned In the river at Condobolin yesterday, being drawn into a hole by the current while his sister was looking on helplessly from the bank. A man named Powell "was thrown from a horse, at: the Smiibtield races on Satur day, autl lie died on Tuesday. The South Australian revenue from July 1\. ISiH. to 12th inst.. was £39S.r>62. a de crease of £15.431 compared with the cur- responding period last year. The Customs revenue of South Australia for 10 months of the present llnaueial year shows a decrease of £31,900. On the Sydney Stock Exchange yesterday bank shares were in request at an improve ment. Otherwise prices were unaltered. Two young men named Edward Galvin aud Frederick Bllby were committed lor trial yesterday, charged with conspiring to defraud the Union S.S. Company of £i 2s 3d. The directors of Hudson Broihors, Limi ted, will receive a deputation from the men on strike to discuss the whole situation to day. . The Assembly yesterday further consider ed tho Local Government Bill in Commit tee, Mr. Field's amendment regarding tho rating of old municipalities being rejected. In the Legislative Council yesterday tho Disorderly Conduct Suppression Bill was read a third time, and the Laud Bill as returned from the Assembly was further considered. The recent storm in the southern por tion of the North Tslaiid of New Zealand did considerable damage iu the Mostcrton and Palilatua districts. II.M.S. Rapid has arrived at Auckland, and she will leave for Fiji in 10 days or so. The Legislative Council yesterday re jected the Trades Disputes Concilia! Ion aud Arbitration Act Amendment Bill by 20 vo tes to one, Dr. Currau being the only ne gative. An eight-roomed house, that had been used for a dance at Lnwson on Tuesday night, was destroyed by tiro yesterday mor ning. The Executive Council yesterday com muted to imprisonment for life the death, sentence passed on George Dean on tho charge of wife poisoning. Mr. Crick moved the adjournment of tho Assembly last night to call attention to the circumstances attending the Dean wife- poisouing case. Mr. Acting-Justice Murray said at tho Bathurst Circuit Court yesterday that fur- tune-telling, and its consequent frauds, were again becoming a tangible evil in this colony. Six unionist miners, tenants of the Greta Colliery Company, were evicted from their holdings at Greta, by the Sheriff's officer yesterday. The Easter railway traffic was much' affected by the bad weather, then? being 10,000 loss city and suburban bookings than on Easter Monday last year. A lad of 15 named George Craeie walked from Melbourne to Sydney in order to get on the training-ship Sohraou, and his wish was granted at the Central Police Court yesterday. II.M.S. Tauranga was put under steam yesterday for her usual periodical trial, and she was taken fur a spin outside tho Heads. The verdict at the inquest on the exten sive fire at Tait and M'Diarmid's store, Mudgee, was that the cause was accidental —the fall of a lighted match. The annual chrysanthemum show of tho Horticultural Society was opened at tho York-street skating rink yesterday after noon by Mrs, Mutton. Mr, Duncan Gillies, Agent- General fof Victoria, declares that lie can save only £500 a year in office expenses, but Mr. Turner requires a saving of £1000 a year. In regard to the Board of Advice attached to the Victorian Agent-General's office, iu London, Mr. Turuer thinks that this lux ury can be done without, as the other colonies have no such board. The value of imports at Sydney last week was £155,757, tho total from January I being £3, 614, GTS. The total value of exports from Sydney for last week was £137,850. the total value- from tho beginning of tho year being £4,460,476. The London Missionary Society's steam yacht John Williams left Cooktown yester day for New Guinea. The R.M.S. Orient, left Melbourno yester day for Sydney, on route from London. The R.M.S. Orizaba, hence to London, left Adelaide yesterday. Tho autumn meeting of tho Australian Jockey Club will bo continued at Rand- wick to-day. The Rev. H. It. Ilaweis delivered his final lecture in Sydney at the School of Arts last night, dealing with "Modern Ghosts aud Spiritualism." 