A Mysterious Apparition. ? SINGULAR OCCURRENCE AT SINGLETON. A Singleton telegram to the Sydney Telegraph on Jane 3rd says:—The town is much "excited over the supposed appear ance of a ghost. Some years ago a mail named "Vickery, who had in his possession . a large sum of money, is alleged to have ; leftJSimjletonone night for his iome at Bulga; and to have been Been for ihe last; time when going down-tb the river near - Fawcett's paddocks. He never reached ; home, and his disappearance up to the present moment is altogether unaccounted for. Since Vickery vanished there have been rumors.'of etrange lights and appari tions about the locality in which he. was last seen alitfe. It is said that a well-; known iesident^wM^ piking along the road one evening in the gloaming, over took, as he thought, a personal friend, and lie, tapped tlns aupposed frien'i on the shoulder, only to fiudthatfeis hand' -met "no resistabce,: l>ntj weut through something; unsubstantial.- The-., wraith or form, which he tried tpTtouch, immedi I ately vanished. During the" last month or two it is asserted that strange lights ; have been seen hovering about ?in a pad dock near the spot which is said to be haunted, and these lights make their appearance at 8.35 p.m. On Friday night last a party of six or; seven, including Mr.. PJayford ;an3 jius: son, and Mr. JVforan, employees at the= railway station, went to watch for the light.' At the hour expected, a light sud denly made its appearance in a paddock nearly ' opposite the'cemetery. ■■'When, first seen, the light was about the size which would be emitted from a hand lan tern, but different from . that iri appear ance, being thin and diffused, without, a .very definite centre. - It was a little above .ground, and moved towards the party: of watchers, apparently without the aid of human agency. After it had travelled within. 100 yards or so of the observers it i stopped. .The watchers then began to ap proachthe light,' V^en a regular " will o' the whisp" chase botn'menced. As'• the pursuers approached the light, which liad gained considerably in size, it ^egan to retreat at a rate ^xactlv regulated to. the movements of the followers. If they ran, it moved very quickly, and kept; pace with them. . If they walked, it went at a slower rate j if they stood still, it stopped. Finally, after leading them a pretty long chase in the paddock and by the. river, the mysterious light vanished, and was seen no more that night. A party of over 100 people, on horse and on foot, and in buggies, were out laBt night. They watched for a long time, saw nothing, and most of them re turned to town, but a few who remained later assert, however^ that they: again■ saw the mysterious light. 