i- snap shots. ; ..,???: , ???? ' ; — : — : — ' — ♦ ? ~ ? Catholics should bo glad to hear that the Prince of 'Wale's was only slightly' injured in the shooting party accident last week. We have reason to hold his Royal Highness in very kindly regard. Why ? Because. he was baptized a Catholic. I will tell you the'story, aul I have the testimony of an eminent Bislipp' that it is absolutely correct. I must, how ever,' bind 'Frekmax readers by a pledge -of honour not' to breathe a word to exModeratorPopeon the- brain M'Innea. When the time came for the baptism ofAlber't Ed -vard, then a bald and bawling infant, water was brought from the Jordan, ihe Archbishop of Canterbury and the Bishop of Lon don arranged to divide honours on the occasion, with the result that une poured the water, while the other read the form of baptism. This waj. the 'per- fection, of 'ProtPsUnt politeness, but all the same it was a blunder which made the baptism invalid. After the ceremony, the Queen of the Belgians, who' had been an observant witness, spoke to the Queen privately, and pointed out that the ?interest- ing; infant had not been made a Ohrinian in the proper way. Victoria wai much troubled, and askj'd, ' What can I do :''„'' (--h,' s.ud her Maj^ty from Belgium, ''it is easy eiiough,' adding, 'i have here' in. the palace a Belgian priest, my chap lain ; let me cull him in to b iptizo the child properly and ho one outside will be any the wiser.' The youn? Queen of England— whose mother, by the way, *was a -Catholic— at once gava her consent, and the Catholic b iptism was gone through with only two witnesses, . Apart from his ' baptism under ' circumstances over which he had no control,' the Prince of Wales has always exhibited a most sympathetic foe ing towards the Catholic Church. He has befriended more than one Catholic Sisterhood in England, and he has on several occasions attended Mass in con nection with both weddings and requiems. The late' Cardinal Manning had no warmer champion and supporter than the heir to the throne, and it will be recollected that on a memorable occasion he paced the Cardinal on a Royal Commission next himself,' and before the Premier and the Protestant Bishop of London. Then again look at the entirely reverent way his Royal Highness acted when he visited Lourdes shortly after that almost fatal illness of his. He notjidhiy visited the holy shrine, but spent days there, and it is'said he privately used some of the miracle-working water. He bought medals, crosses, rosary beads, and scapulars, all blessed by the priests at Lourdes, and it was rumoured at the time that his A'. D. G'*, and the ? other members of his suite were quite ready to hear him announce at any moment his conversion to Catholicity. Somehow his. retainers managed to make away with the Catholic emblems before the Prince returned to England. The medals and scapulars were con veniently ' lost.' The Queen herself is at heart a Catholic, and when on her almost annual trips to the Continent is always an interested spectator at any'public Catholic ceremony which may happen to be .taking place. List year in Italy she waited over an hour watching a great religious procession of peasant girls pass. Another Prince of Wales paragraph. When he first visited Rome he was shown over St. Peter's and several other- churches by Prior Vaughan, of thd Benedictines, afterwards Archbishop of Sydney. And it should not be forgotten that his Royal Highness practically started the successful move me.nt in England to honour the memory and per p-tuate the heroic Catholic deeds of Father Damien the Apostle of the Lepers. I ni2t the Hon. II. E. O Connor outside the Herald office that Saturday afternoon the arrest of ' Crick, Meagher, and Dean' for conspiracy was posted up. The tall, John-Dillon- lpoking barrister was passing by, and we read the hand-painted placard at the same time. 'This is a queer turn of affairs,' I remarked. 11. E. lifted his eyebrows and answered, 'I quite expected it. The North Shore chemist made a clean breast of the whole business yesterdiy.' 'What do you thinlc,' I asked. '' Well,' he answered very slowly and with a genuine touch of sadness, 4-I am really very sorry for Crick. lie is such an able fellow and he had such a bright career before him. I sincerely hope he'll get out of it. I do indeed.' Later on, when it was announced that ' Mr. It E. O'Connor had been retained to defend Mr. Crick,' it struck me the ex-Minister for Justice had taken up the brier more for personal reasons than for professional profit Perhaps he did. Who knows? That Mr. O'Connor handled his part of the case with great earnestness and great astuteness every body must admit. lie pressed all his legal know ledge into service, and his whole-hearted advocacy evidently impressed both Judge and jury from the very first. On Monday in his unornamental but telling address to the jury, Mr. O'Connor went straight to the heart of things. He thus concluded : 'Of course he knew that the jury would acquit Mr. .Crick', but he desired that they should acquit him in such a way as to mark their disapproba tion of his prosecution. -He would ask them to acquit Mr. Crick without the formality of leaving the box.' ? :/ The following morning, just as Mr. Charles Heydon, for the Crown, rose to deliver the address which he said ' he had gone to an immense amount of trouble in preparing,' the foreman of the jury handed a memorandum- to Acting- Judge Cohen, in which it was stated that the jury had fully con sidered the case against Mr. Crick, and exonerated him from.any knowledge of Dean's guilt prior to Mr. Meagher making his coniession on the occasion of. 'his' signing the statutory declaration. They there fore wished to acquit Mr.i Crick' at once. When thi3 statement was read, Judge Cohen seems to jiaye. lost h,is head, and the Crown counsel blazed forth indignation. Mr. O'Connor quietly rose and told the Judge that the gentlemen of the jury were quite within their rights. Mr. Heydon argued that it was unfair to the Crown, and unfair to himself personally. He had all sorts of new considerations to place before th-e jury. Mr. O'Connor rose and said that the jury had the right to stop the pro ceedings at any moment they thought proper. . 'Have you any authorities in support of that view?' asked the Judge. With an O'Connell-like flash of quickness Mr. O'Connor most politely sug gested that as it was the Crown that was taking a most unusual course the Crown must look up its own authorities. The late Sir James Martin or the present Chief Justice would have been equal to the occasion. The acting- Judge wasn't. His Honor asked to be allowed a ; .quarter of an hour to think the matter over. On his return to the Court he said the trial must proceed. The counsel for the Crown should be heard.. Mr. O'Connor again im pressed on the Judge that he must accept the re commendation of the jury as a verdict of acquittal in Mr. Crick's case. -The Judge still remained in a legal fog, and Mr. Heydon put in a fresh plea to be heard, evidently, confident ? that, after they had heard. his speech the jury would alter their unani mous opinion. The foreman, however, Mr. Cowles (who is a gun smith), stuck to his guns, and refused to surrender. The Judge, who mu« have large faith in consulta tions, almost. pathetically a»ke-l the jury to retire to their room. The jury agun retired, and on tlieir.re turning, in the space of a coup'e of minutes, the foreman said that nothing the jury had heard had j altered their decision as noted in the document j which they had handed up to his Honor, and they wtji'y, therefore, of opinion that Mr. Crick w.ts not guilty. This announcement was received with an outburst of applause in the public porti'.-ns of the i courtroem. The verdict of not guilty against Mr. J Crick was then recorded. ; j \- '? \ ?_ ? ? | His Honor, addressing the jury, said : (4 I must ' thank you for having giving this case very great consideration, and although I thought, when I was asked by Mr. O'Connor at an early stage of the pro ceedings, to take the matter out of the hands of the jury, th.it there were one or two matters which re r, iiitmri /\'(i..'.l.'.li.i- in» *-*.%\ + V* r\ 1-» r» ?*?+? r\ ¥ TV F !? I *1M r\ \T T 't' \\\ 1 »1 lr ijuuuu CAjntuitui'Jii \\.i n nit; jjhiu i/i jlijlj * vjnt-iv, -*. id»uu», it ray duty to say now that,. to my mind, they have ; been explained satisfactorily. I think the verdict ' is a just one. It is one in which I fully concur,.1 There being no other charge against you, Mr. Crick, you are discharged.' Mr. Crick's face looked like ; the sunburst of Erin. Mr. .O'Connor merely smiled. - Mr. T. M. Slattery (with whom Mr. Crick served his ' articles) had adroitly worked up the defence for his , old ' boy.' He did not laugh or smile. lie simply j looked supremely happy. That's a little way he's j gOt. '. ? .. : ...'.. ?.- ? . .j The most felicitous .of the school break-up speeches in Sydney were those by Archbishop Carr, of Melbourne, at 'St. Vincent's College, and. the Cardinal , at St. Mary's Cathedral girls' school. Both prelates spoke of the assembled children as 'pictures of paradise' in their innocence, their grace, and their brightness. I recollected some thing by Cardinal Manning in the same vein and afterwards I, found it. Here it is. 'I have some times thought when looking on a church full of children, there is nothing more beautiful in the sight of God. A beautiful garden full of roses, lilies and lovely flowers is sweet and beautiful to the eye. The hand of man guards and watches over it so that no harm can enter. Sometimes a storm of wind or hail breaks the lilies, destroys the roses and makes ruin where before all was sweet and orderly. The wicked and malicious man comes in to wreck and ruin his neighbour's garden, and when he sees this everybody is touched to the heart. Everything lovely and sweet, trampled down and wrecked, makes one grieved ; but in the sight of God, not the most beautiful garden fashioned by the had of man, not even Paradise, not even the garden of Eden in all its glory and beauty of flowers and fruits, was so bright and glorious as are the souls of the little children in whom the Holy Ghost dwells. Such a scene is sweeter and brighter in the sight of God than any garden man ever formed.' During the happy Christmasi-time reunions ' Home Sweet Home' will be sung in countless thousands of family circles the whole world over. Even the poor outcasts who sleep in our Domain will whistle it and mayhap the regular inmates of Dar'inghurst will hum it softly. Do you know the story of the writer? Payne wrote ' Home, Sweet Home' to help to fill up an opera he was preparing and at first it had four stanzas. The author never received anything for it, but though the opera was a failure when played in the Covent Garden Theatre, the song took, and over 100,000 copies were sold the first year. In two years the publishers cleared over 10,000 dollars by the publication, and imitations have been innumerable. The melody is believed to be a Sicilian air, and Donizetti has a variation of it in his opera 'Anna Bolena.' Payne was after wards appointed American Consul at Tunis, where he died, and whence his remains the other day were sen* to America. Some of his miseries may be guessed from his own words, 'How often have I been in the heart of Paris, Berlin, London, or some other city, and have heard persons singing or hand organs playing 'Home, Sweet Home,' without hav ing a shilling to buy myself the next meal, or a place to lay my head. The world has literally sung my song till every heart is familiar with its melody, and in may old age I have to submit to humiliation for my bread.' 1 Nicholls Crouch, the composer of 'Kathleen Mavourneen,'' most beloved of all modern Irish songs, has fared little better. The old man, now in his 8.9th year, turns up now and then like some ?Waterloo survivor. The millions who have beard his famous song are probably unaware that the composer made only a few shillings by it. The publisher, as usual, ?? scooped the pool.' ' The Pro fessor, who has felt the pinch of poverty for many long years, is still active. He is engaged on a new ' musical work in New York. It will be an anthem of Ireland, 4 The Green and Gold ' It is described as a spirit- stirring theme and will find an echo in every Irish heart, as it emanates from a mind concentrated for seventy-five y.ears on Irish matter, music, poetry and lecture. His ambition is that ' Green and Gold ' shall be sung by the people, as is 'The Minstrel Boy.' No more glorious distinction does he covet than this. Writing under date November 6, he says: ' You express your surprise that a I person of my years can do the amount of work that I 1 accomplish daily. I will tell you how I do it, It is because I have been an abstainer from stimu lants all my life. When I wrote « Kathleen Mavourneen,' 'Dermot Asthore,' ' Echoes of the Lake,' 'The Patriot,' 'The Exile' and hundreds of .others,'! was much younger. The latest work is mv best.' ,'.. ' ?'.;': ' / ' . ' ? ' ' '' As a specimen of inartistic excuse for 'missing the sermon' the following from the.Quirindi Gazktte could not be well beaten. 'We regret that owing to a misapprehension as to the lime the Very Rev. Prior Vaughan Would speak, we were nut privileged to hear the eloquent and impressive .sermon preached by him immediately after Mass, but we learn from many who were present that it was a discourse fraught, with great thoughts, and conveying' the best arid' highest instruction in respect of a very important subject.' There was a driver with a very German name on one of the express trains running from Sydney to Alb'ury. This was a few years ago. Something went wrong on the line, and it was the question of a .moment with the driver to jump and save his life or to stick to his post and run the risklof death. He jumped, and escaped with a few bruises. His stoker was killed. After the accident, in which several lives were lost, the driver was asked, 'Why didn't you stick to your engine r' and he made the answer,. 'I hadn't much time to think, but the thought struck me, what's the use of doing a brave act and sacrificing your- life, when next day your name will be spelt half-a-dOzen ways' in the papers ? Perhaps not one paper will. have it right. Then I jumped.' This philosophic driver was perfectly right. His own mother wouldn't have recognized his name after the newspapers were done: with it. Look at the late Sir Charles Halle. No man in his way was more famous — no man was jo much and so long before the English public, yet the obituary notices in the papers, even the London ones, ate brimming over with reckless mistakes. Beyond spelling his name properly the English papers did little justice to the great pianist and conductor. But it was reserved for the Sydney Stab, to carry off the prize confectionery with a perfect pyramid of blunders. The ' notice' of the late Sir Charles in Monday's Star is inaccurate from start to finish. Here is a solid slab of misstatement — it is wrong in every single particular :—' Sir Charles (who was knighted in 1S88) travelled all over the globe. Wherever a spark of music was to be found in a civilized community, there he was received with enthusiasm, and it is only a few weeks ago that he returned from a tour in South Africa, which was one long scene of enthusiasm. Eight years ago Sir Charles was married to Madame Norman Neruda, the famous violinist, who for years had played at his recitals in London. He leaves one son, Mr. C. E. Halle, the artist and assistant-director of the Grosvenor Gallery, and one daughter, who is a rising sculptor. . Sir Charles was a singularly expert b'lliard-player, and in billiards for years he found his chief recreation.' To describe Sir Charles as having travelled all over the globe is nonsense ; to describe him as an ex-. pert in billiards is simply a silly invention. He travelled but little (leaving out his twb visits to Australia), and never played billiards. His one amusement was skating, and he gave that up some forty years ago. But what are we to say to the I statement ' he leaves one son and one daughter?' j As a matter of fact thegrand old master of the piano ! left no less than eight children. Here are the names I —Marie Halle (eldest daughter), C. E. Halle, the painter (who does not belong, as the Star says, to the Grosvenor Gallery, but to the New Gallery), Louise Halle (Mine. Nouflkrd), Gustave Halle, of South Africa, Bernard Halle, of Sydney, Matilda Halle (a Sister of Charity in England), E'eanoy Halle, the sculptor, and Clifford Halle, the singer and music lecturer who recently visited Australia. ? ' ? D. B. 