©literal Jletos. SIR JBNKIK COLES AT KAPOTDA. THE WORK OF LAST SESSION. A large meeting of electors was held at the Kupunda Institute on Friday, April 19, at vi-hich Sir Jenkin Coles (Speaker of the House of Assembly) and one of the members for the district of Light delivered an address on the work of last session. The mayor (Mr. J. Thomas) presided. Sir Jenkin Coles said it was the first time be had been asked to address his constituents during recess, but in face of the present j position of the colony it was not surprising that they wished to hear his expressions with regard to what had been done and what was ijroposed to be done iu Parliament. Before doing so, however, he desired to refer to a personal matter. It had been pretty freely circulated in \ that towu and elsewhere that he was not only an applicant for the position of chairman of the Railway Board, but that the position had been otfered to him. He wanted to give them a positive assurance that there was not one atom of truth in the suggestion. (Hear, hear.) He had ne\Ter thought of such a thing. He would not accept the position if it were offered to him, and he had no desire or inten tion of severing his connection with the dis trict of Liirlit until either death or dismissal necessitated it. (Hear, hear.) Amongst the Bills which had become law last year was the Adult Suffrage Act, which he need hardly tell them be liad ojjposed. He had supported an amendment by Mr. Grainger to the elfect that the matter should be delayed until tho people of the colony had had an opportunity of expressing an opinion on the subject. However, since the Act had been passtd it was the duty of every woman to enrol herself and to exercise the franchise. He wished to clear away a misapprehension that it wa3 necessary for the wives of naturalised Germans to take out letters of naturalisation. He had the opinion of a well-known lawyer that such was not the case. (Hear, hear.) With rega'rd to the Taxation Act Amendment Bill he had been accused of supporting a progressive- land tax, but in this there was not an atom of truth. He had not voted against the introduction of ike resolutions to give effect to a Bill the greater portion of which he agreed with, but when the Bill was brought forward — that was the crucial point — he liad opposed any and every attempt to increase the tax on land. He had favored both the absentee tax and the increase in tho income tax. (Hear, hear.) The Premier deserved the thanks of tho community for attempting to deal with industrial strikes, but no man, j when owing to bad times he could not pay the rate of wages demanded by his employes, J should be liable to be summoned to the Supreme Court and have his private affairs made public. (Hear, hear.) If such an in terpretation could be placed on the Act the sooner it was amended the better it would be. He was glad that the board in enquiring into the tannery dispute, although they had the power to do so, did not demand ' Mr. Dowie's attendance, nor did they exercise tbe.ir power of examining his books in public. (Hear, near. ) With regard to the Public Salaries Act, he had always maintained that the cost of governing the colony had been too great, but to the credit of the officers it must be admitted that they had taken their reductions without a murmur. (Hear, hear.) In connection with the Lake Bonney Irrigation Act, if the proposal of his late colleague (Mr. GljTin) had been given effect to there would have been a large popu lation at Lake Bonney. He was afraid that the present Government scheme to form a settlement would prove unsuccessful, but he was hopeful that something might yet come of it. So long as the Government provided money for everyone and for everything people were content, but when they had to deposit thei c own money it was a different matter altogether. He had not abandoned hope, but was wre that the scheme would have to be run on altogether different lines. (Hear, hear.) He doubted whether either the Parliaments of Sotith Aus tralia or New Zealand would ratify tlie treaty which had been arranged hv the Premier ana Mr. Ward. It was felt to be scarcely fair that the producers of wine and dried fruit should be singled out for special advantages, while the unfortunate growers of barley would be crushed. He could not yet say exactly what course he would adopt in the matter, but there was not a ghost of a chance of the New Zea land Parliament ratifying the agreement. He liad abundant justification for saying that from what had appeared in the New Zealand papers, reports from which he had read. He looked m-on the Pastoral Bill as one of the inost important measures introduced by the Government lasc year. He had felt it his duty to oppose a certain portion of the Bill, which provided for the indiscriminate inclu sion of what was known as * ' '88 leased lands.''1 He did not wish it to bo thought for one moment that he v.-as antago nistic to the pastoralists, as he was perfectly willing to give them anything to which they were fairly entitled. He happened to be a member of the Government that introduced the Act of 1884, which was about the most liberal piece of pastoral legislation on the face of the earth, but there was a limit beyond which State liberality could not go and that limit was reached by the Act of 1S84. Before further concessions were granted it was only right that the people should know what had already been done, and he quoted some 16 or 17 Acts of Parliament which had been passed since 1831, all giving concessions and remis sions to pastoral ists. Under the Act of 1884 pastoral Iand3 were divided into three classes — Class I., which included leases expiring in 1883; Class IT., which included land let outside Class I. and for which the State not only agreed to pay the lessees fGr their improvements, but in order to give them prac tically fixity of tenure they agreed to give compensation in the event of the Government resuming the land ; and Class ifX, which in cluded all unlct land. A 35 years' lease was granted, the rent being 2s. Gd. per square mile for the first 14 years, with a subsequent revaluation every seven years. Was it possible for liberality to go further? The Hon. J. Warren asked why tlie Bill of 1S84 was intro duced, and _ why, the Stace lJaid for the im provements instead of the incoming tenant V It was introduced as the result of agitation cul minating in the presentation to Parliament of a petition signed by 558 people, ,vho said that unless something were done for the pasto ralists the industry would practically collapse. If the State had insisted on the incoming tenant paying for the improvements, which in the ease of the ISSb country were valued at half a million, it would have meant that the land would practically remain in the hands of the lessees for ever. Tlie Hon. K. C. Baker said at the time — 'It would mean giving the present tenants an absolute monopoly of the leases ou tlieir own terms.' According to the report of the Surveyor-General, the present tenants, who in the majority of cases were the previous lessees, had received concessions equal to one-third of the rent ever received from them. In a recent newspaper contro versy the Hon. J. Warren had asked him what concessions Messrs. Hogarth and Warren had received in connection with the Strangways Springs run, and stated that the pastoralists looked on the Act of 1S84 as a trap. It was curious that Mr. Hogarth was a member of the Legislature at the time and did not while theBillwas passing through theCouncilraisehis voice against it. He thought he could not do better than to give them the history of the Strangways Springs run from the official records. They would then be able to judge for themselves as to what benefits legislation bad conferred on Messrs. Hogarth and Warren, aud as to whether it was desirable that the disposal of our pastoral lands should longer continue in the hands of the board. The Strangways Springs ru» was originally dis covered by Major Warburton and sold to H. K. Hughes on June 2, iSo'J — 30 years ago— the area being 300 square miles and tlie upset price 10s. per mile, aud the purchase niouey £157 10s. The lease was subsequently forfeited and reoffered on ' November 27, 1862, purchased by Julius Oaffery at £285 Is. Gd., or 10s. Cd. per square mile. The term of ihe lease was for 14 years from January 1, 18G3, the total area being 543 square 'miles. This lease was transferred to Hogarth and Warren in July, 1807— 2S years ago — and was surrendered under Act 21 of 1867\. The new lease was issued for a term of 21 years from December 31. 1S67, expiring on December 31, 1S38, at a rental of 2s. Gd. per square mile and assessments on stock. The Surveyor-Geueral stated — 'That the average rent, including assessment on stock, paid in respect of this lease under the Act of 1SG7 was £74 as. 2d., or about 2s. 8;;d. per square mile.' If this was not deriving benefit from pastoral legislation it was difficult to understand the meaning of the term. Messrs. Hogarth and Warren held the land until 1SS8, when at auction they purchased it :it £1 5s. Gd. per mile, or a total rental (including 5 per cent, ou the value of the improvements, amounting to about £40) of £GS7 4s. Gd., the improvements being valued at £S84 11s. The oniy inference was that they liad had a good time when they held it at 2s. 8^d. The lease was transferred to Hogarth Brothers, who sur rendered it on September 14, 1893, the land board subsequently allotting it to Hogarth and Warren at a rental of 5s. a mile, the value of the improvements being reduced from £884 lls. to £483, the firm purchasing them at that figure in payments extending over 42 years. It will be seen that tl:e land was let for just half the rent obtained 30 years ago when cartage, according to Mr. Warren, was from £10 to £50 a ton. Since then the State had built a railway right through the property, and carriage was now £3 los. They were toid that countrv was being deserted. From official figures he learnt that from 1880 to 1894, 140,428 square miles had been cancelled or surrendered, or an average of 10,000 a year. In 1S94 only 10,431 miles were surrendered, while in 1S84-5-G the figures respectively were 16,-iOO, 15,077, and 10,i)15. It was not the high rent that was killing tlie pastoral in dustry but the high rate of interest which in some cases was charged by financial institu tions. He would abolish the Pastoral Board and revert to the auction system. It would perhaps 'surprise them to learn that the coun try dealt with by the Pastoral Board last year, according to a statement made by the Com miosioner of Crown Lands at the last meeting of the Australian Natives' Association, yielded a revenue of £1,100, while the cose of the board for the same period was £2,327 lls. lid. It was only fair to say that the board was at times engaged in work for which no revenue was derived. The cost of the land boards for last year was £3,147 5s., and while he accepted the full responsibility of the initiation of tlie board eystern experience had taught him that it was an expensive failure. With regard to the State Advances Bill lie thought that on the security demanded by the Government -money on better ter:ns could be secured from outside sources. He explained tlie conditions of the Act introduced last year. He was afraid that we would end the year with a deficit, although he did not blame the Government for it. The question was how was the deiicit to be made up^ By additional taxation? Certainly not. (Cheers.) By further reducing Civil servants' salaries ''. Cer tainly not. He would revert to the old system of education, under which those who could afford tx-2)»ydid so. (Hear, hear.) It would perhaps surprise them to know the cost of education. The annual charge to the revenue for 1S;»4 was £127,000. We had borrowed fur the erection of school buildings close on half a million, on which we paid £20.000 a year in terest, or a total annual cost of £147,000. The total cost of education up to the present, in cluding the loan* referred to, was over £1,500,000. If the old system of education were reverted to he had the authority of the Minister of Education for saying that a saving of £25,000 a year would be effected. He would like to draw their attention to the cost of de fence. For 1893-4 we spent £28,087; for 189-1-5, £23.100. In addition to this we paid £10,0C0 a year or thereabouts as our contri bution to the Auxiliary Squadron, and, as Tlie Advertiser very properly pointed out, consider ing that the British interest in the float ing trade in Australasian waters greatly exceeded the colonial the contribution may be considered fairly substantial. In the blue-book of 1804 he noticed in the statement of the public debt for July 1, 1894, that we had raised loans for our defences and the military road to the amount of £250,045. He thought most wouid be under the impres sion that it was tiuiu that some further sub SbiiuLuu i-suuuiiuji was uiztue m me uusl -ji our defences. The condition of this colony in cominou with the others provided all with ample food for thought, lie did not think that there was any cause for alarm so long as we determined to live strictly within our means, to exercise more self-reliance, and look less to the Government for assistance. (Applause. ) On the motion of Mr. H. Jackson, seconded by Mr. 11. J. Day, Sir Jeukin Coles was accorded a hearty vote of thanks for his address, which lasted two hours and a half, aud was most attentively listened to. The chairman was similarly honored. 