. (FIGTl6lfo- ' THE PRICED OT 1 UWK CHAPTER. VI. (Continued). ♦Umphl' oaid Poter, grimly, when Mervyn told him tbio, ' I darosoy not. Howsomdovor, nothing has evor hurt me.' ? . ♦What is there to hurt anyone, then P1 , ' ' inquired Morvyn, suddenly rpniembor , ing how peouliar Mr. Wastlobury'o m manner had beon. ? Well, they do oay ghoptoanen,', re plied Pet*r disdainfully ; ? but I don't \- , take no hoed. Thoy'vonover come nigh nw.' '? ??....?; ' ♦If it ia only that,* said Morvyn, shrugging his shoulders, ? they'll koop 11 out of my way too, I fancy, or I'll lot 1 daylight into tham. If you should \- ' huppun to poo one, just tell him or her 1 el- ep ?with, a loadei revolvor by my i /? bedeide, and I ohould ratbor enjov shooting a £hoot, if only for the novolty of: the thing.' . ?? : , * ' I shan't seo thom, never fear.!', re- tnrned Potrr, shrugging his shouldcra ; I always oleop sound and snuc, but 'i -? i ?women's poor nervous crittors, oir.' ? Was it on account of tho ghopto that tho former owner left?' inquired Mervyn, a light beginning to dawn \- upon him. r * ? I holiovo it .wao ; but, la, sir, ho wao , n poor critter, too, and easilv oearpd, ;You don't look ao i£ much would frigh ten you.' ? ? I don't know what would, for I lifivo never come upon' it yot. Nothincr natural would troublo me, and an to ' ' the eupprnatural, I don't beliovo in it, ; i ; ' yon see.' ^ Peter looked myof ifled, but he patt ered evidently that Morvyn v/aa defying the ? ghoote^Dos,' fe he wont oi'£ ohuek \- linpr. Tho net?: proprietor of Lyno Hall / . , went to bod without a mioaiving, end v slept without a brbak until 7 o'clock N tho nost mojnlnjy, so that ho wno able to joko !Msa. JIarah oh her timidity. ? Ah '''oil ! I'm. glad you waan'f inter fered with,' oh'.e ' ?anoworod,- 'but lot 'me t*?ll tOu, eiv, you ivon'i {;ot any sosranta , iu those paitn ; you had bottor have ' thom down U'odi London-: — and then thO7'd got lo know.' ' ? Eufc if thoy Hadn't aaon anything thoniBolvoQ, I ouppon'o they wouldn't bollevo tho dllago gonsip.' , . ' Tiiey ™ou!cl doo comcthing if they stayed long^nqugh,' she responded con fidently. * Mr. Brambeer'^ servants ull went off one morning 'without -thoir rragottt rather than fitay another night in the house.' ~ 1 Humbug !' oxolBimed iMervyn im patiently ; 'they heard all oortB. of etorioB in tho village and got ocared.' Yes, but they didn't boliovo tho storioo, find uood to lnugh ot up foolo. But lot thoco laugh who win, oayo I ; they cleared out protty ohcrp.' ?But I should havo thought it pi jld have boon a groat advantage to you at Lyno, to havo tbo Hall lot.' ? So it would, sir ; and tho lads of tho village used to make up partioo at one time to watchi but they nevor found oufc anything. ♦Because there was nothing to find out probably. My owa opinion ia, that rata are at tho bottom of all this, and I mean to havo tt'em rooted out. You will »eo that ftfter tho rat oiitchor haa '.paid & few visits to the Hall, thcro will bo no mote ghosts.' Mrs. Marsh looked ao if sho thought ho moat havo a very sanguino deposi tion, bat sho did not fay any moro, and Mervyn waa so buoy all day looking o?er the farms, etc., ho forgot tho vil lage stories until evoning drew in, and he found himself virtually alouo in the bipr, deserted house. Old Peter slept in anotht-r wing alto gether, and wob oo deaf ho wouldn't have been very e.'iBy to rouso in case of an emergency. Still tho conyciounnosB of bis near vicinity B'-ould havo ban ished tho lonely fooling that v/uobogin ninp: to oppreso hira. In tho buah at midnight, with not anochov human craaturo ?uithin miles, lo lied never boan aouoiblo of anything1 oo nearly approaching to foar ao ho experienced now. « finmo. thia won't do,' ho oaid to himoolf, and ho began to vihintlo. *I know I don't bolievo' any of tho ol-i wiven oiorioa, only there io auoh a dencadly uncanny corfc of ieol'mg about tho placo ; I'll liavo a dog to-morrow 5 mine used to bo such company in tbo buoh, and it would bo Hoinoth'ing to talk to. No man ougot to havo taken ouch a houao ao this unleao he bad a wife. A protty young woman lolling in the chriir opposite, and giving one a ftlimpco every now ond then of ti clendcr foot in a oi'k otocking, would make a very briirht epot in the dreary room.' , Then ho thought of Lidy Hopo. 'With1 what sweet, seductive graco ehe would havo lowored hor little figure on to tho cuohiono, and how close ho would havo needed to bring hia owu. chair, that ho might carops the rounded whito arme, and preps again and again the delicious lips, the memory of whoao one kioo thrilled overy fibro of his being cow. If only ho could find, her, and offer her the sholtfr of hio name and hio home. Ho bflinved in her, if no ono olee did ; aye, and longed after her with a deep, desperate long ing. Thio houBe was for her, that ohe might ilnd quiot end rest, aid learn how to smile- again. If ho had hurried to Bottle, it wao chief! $? because of her, his poor wounded dov9, whom, he yearned to shelter in hia breast. He had Teached this point in tbio reverio, and waa opening hia armo in imagination to welcome tbo wanderer, when he heard a noise over^ oad, aa if someone wore dragging a heavy inert body along the boardn. , It oeomed to paso down tbo length of the room ; then there wan a ouddpn, intense si'onco, which oomohow affeotpd Morvyn's norves more than what had gone bofore. . But tho nfis^ minuto ht- wnp grnppinp his pistol, which he had loaded earlier in all six barrelo', and with that in his right hand, and tho lamp in hio loft, ho walked boldly up-stairn. The room over him waa what wap callod tho state bed-ohambor at Lvno Hall; a very opaoiouo room, with three windows in it. looking out on the park. Each of those was hunir with l)(?av^ red curtain's ; so wao the ghostly look ing four poo'or at tho ond. Altogothev it was not a . ch.oerful apartment, and Mervyn remembered that ho had mado thiB ramark to himoalf, -whon ho.vioitod it fpr tho Grot time. /.Tho door hung ao if the hingon we^p ruuty, and at flvnfc 'no fancied it t/jm locked against him, but a goodrnshako and a push mtde it fly opon, and ho.was ctridine; in with a bold air whon tho lamp was otruok out o£ hio hand, ao it ocomod, and bo found himsolf in abno luto darkness. Of rourso, it would have ?oeu i'ol3y.' to proceed - aLtox thio, and Mervyn groped ' his way tbaok down stairs, With masculine want of fore thought in ouoh matters, he had for* gotton to order candles, and Mr-v Mar--h had only oleaned arid' filled one lamp, and that lay in fragmento ia tho bnat bod chamber. Tho only thing, thero foro, wad to got to bod aa quickly an possible, v/ith onch feoblo holp ao a lighted match, or rather a uuccoasion of li-rntod matohoQ would afford, nnd Iohvo tho elucidation of tho mjntery until tho mornin-r. But ho fa8ten»'d liin bedroom door tvcuraly, and with tho r--volvt r within reach oi hio hand, ho felt toler ably He'ouro, although it did occur to him once or tyrico that supernatural foeo wero not to bo conquered by ouch weapons ao ho had at hand. CHAPTER Vil. Moryyn did not awake until it woo broad daylight, and tbon ho folfc rathor uniusod ot hio last night'a osperionce. Ao coon ao bo had bathod and dronsed ho paid a vioit to tho bost bodrooui. Tho door stood wido opon, juet ao he bad left it, and. ho onti-red witaout hindrance Tuo .light penotrated but dimly through tho thick curtaino, and it wan oomo momonio before he could uoo diotinotly. Thon bo.ouwon tho un carpotod floor a long trail of wet blood from one end to tbo other, just whore ho had heard overnight tLo sound of a heavy body being dragged along the floor, and rushed to find Poter in a otato of ? un.controllablo escitemant. ♦ Thoro hao been o murder committed.' ho oaid ; ? fetch tKo police at once. . Don't you undprstand?' . ♦ Whero wao the murder P' inquired Poter stolidly. ♦ In tho best bedroom.' ♦You moan tlioro'c blood about sir?' ' Yea, I havo juofc oooa it with my own oyoc' ♦ So did Mr. Brambaer, ? and that'o what drove him out of Lyne; but the murder took placo Sfty years ago, cir, and it is ao ubo fotching tho polico now.' Morvyn oBiHod inci'odulouoly. ? Pohaw !' ho naicl, ' tho blood ia' quito fresh. Como and seo.' ? Ivo coi-n it naif a dozen timoo, oir ; thoro'o q sound ao if oomothing wao ?bsiajr dragged aoroco the floor, 'and in tho morning there's alwayo blood about. If you avo wiao you won't take no nbtioe ; tho ghoata don't Harm thoso ao leavo thom alono Let them have thoir. fling, and then they will kpop quiet enough fur a opeJl ; but don't meddlo, and you mny live here pfaceable onr ough. I'vetried it for many a year, and am hobo the worse, as you Deo. And let me jiiot tell you this, if you call in the po'ico you will bo sorry for it, that is all.' '.Of courHe it io all humbug,' oaid Mervya, with a confidoncf that was portly .aesumpd ; ♦oomobody is hiding in the houflo, and wants to fri/hton me away.' ?But you have beon all over the place, nir,' '???'''. ♦Yes; only them .might bo Qaorofc doors and passages I could not discover. You don't oupposo I am fool enough to bolieve in ghostfl?' * But I flupposo you believe in what you neo, cir?' ? Wlipn- I am. obliced ; but I saw nothing but tho blood, and that might oaoily ha^o boon plncnd there.' Poter nWook hia bond ouddonly, 'That is juo*1 what I havft bonrd about for years, flir, but it doonn't 'foot Bae' stol irllv ; 'here T shall R^ny, unleon you turn mo outi in ppite of all the gbo^t gipos that ever wao. ltleryyn wan puzzlftd, but ho ronolvpd to wait another night, and soe if any thing happpn'ed.' But though ho re mained up until past midnight, and had tok°n such precautions, that his invoati fnitione could not bo ripped in tho bud po Ruddenly as they had rtRon. the night before, he oaw and henrd nothing. Under theoo circumBtancen he persuaded himpelf that tho villa vers were ti'.vinff to find out what sost of stuff ho was made of, ond seeing he was no coward, and indisposed to stand any humbuer, would lot him alono for the future. Bv the fifth night he was so completely renonurnd ho never oven thought of listening', end v/as omoking hio pipe, and drinking a whirkr-ancl- coda boforo goin/? to bod, V7hon ho heard the same sounds as of a heavy body boing dragged aloug tbo floor overhoid, and this iirao a Qhriek.hombloand pi«rcinpr, rancr through tho house. It made Mer vyn shiver to tho marzov of hio .bones, and oeomod to paralyco him eo coin _ . ? ^_ ? . ? pp.., plotely he could only just ( stare at the door, opon mouthed, and bad no power to move a limb. Then all was eilent again, suddenly, and be rf covered bim eelf enfficiontly to take a long, draught of whieky and eoda, und wipe off, the perspiration thtit had kQBS6^6^ on h^s toifhead. -T- en tie nfS|^,i.'Vad on to his ' foot, graoped tho lamp ill h\n 'baking hand, and made for the door. ♦ I nt v r vci a coward,' ho said tQ himoolf doli nntly, no he- throw eppn tho d«ior\yith a flourirth, and thty ihait'* miikc ono - 1 mo.' ?'?.'??'? The lin.Il wns of oak, trloom, and. old f.'isiiioneil, haidnom !y c -rved,, wi'ttv nn open fircplaoi^ ' at tli -? himI, '? . vi lU-iu ''? ? great lo not' wood w«re thro j-. n acruna tho iron dogo iu winter, and gayo an '? air of homo comfort and warmth to the whole place. Now it ratura added to the gloom, boing ompty and durk ; but ao Blervyn opened his door ho fixosd it, and there, .on a background of dofp (shadow, stood ii otrau:;o, white figure, v?ith fierce, gloaming eyes, waving him inonaoingly backwards. For half a minuta Mervyn quailod, A tangible foe — aye, or hiili a dozon oi! thom — ho would havo facad without 1'aai', bat thio niyotoriouo thintr, wtioco n'afiuro cr oen he could not dofino, gave him a feolin^ of horror and shrinking Lnpoaoi bio .to describe. But tho f irot shock over, ho forced himsolf forward, and no Ho approached, tho figaro Boemod to molj; awuy, until just ono opec of white flamo glowed out of. tho blacimoso. - Morvyn took aim at thio and firod, dislodging a looso brick in tho chimney, which fell on to tho hearth with a loud eraoh. T'us, and the roporfc of tho piotol, brought half-a-dozen ochoeo out of hiding, but they coon ceased,' leaving- a oilonco liko death, and a blank eo- complete, whora tho hosriblo figaro had . boen. M-rvyn could hardly peje-uodo himoelf it had not boon a doluoion. Ho went upstairs to tho baafi bod chamber, tho key of which ho had kept in hio pockofc ' lately, ? unlocbod .the door, and looked in. But nothing had been dis turbed and,.thoao was no p.i«n of any intruder. Ho had mado Potor remove tho steins of blood iu the moi'ninc, and thoro woro no fresh ones. Ic wao all ' very puzzling, but Morvyn was Login-' ning to recover by this tirno, and there- ( fora getting acoptical again, ho wont * back down otairs, omokGd anothoi' pipo, di-ank aacthoi' whi.-ky and c-A^f 0- \ pretty otiff one, and thon von-5 au'iotly '?' to bod, and olept couudly. But 'the nostmoniinir hocomar''-' atoil soorotly with the polico, and they oont a couple of men to sleep in tho houao, who smuggled in after dark. Thoy occupied the nest room to Mervyn's, and exactly opponite the best bod chamber wliioa they^ watohod porsintently without making any dipooverion. Moanvyhilo M'-rvyn kept hifi. own couasol, and ordered Peter to do t o aamo, so th'tfi nothincr was known in the village of his painful pspari^ncna. Tie onfrapod a jrood houaokeppor from LonrVn, arid oho brought With hor thrno ni'ids of hor own choosing. Footruan, noachman, proom, nnd a oonple of pardenorp, oooi pl ted his Rtaff, and ho thp f top firnt slppt in the house, Mervyn wao ablo to di»p»nso with tbo polic«. ?Threo wefk-? paosod in povfeefc ivnn qnilitr. and Msrvyn begun to f- f-l qni'c r^aoaured. He wa-* tnor» prrtain tlian ever now that h« had b'en trirkpfl, nnd tho. strong mennuro'-' ho h id token would prevonfc anythinjv liko a iv-(Mu--onco of thp fraud, 00 that he troubled hinvoli! no more about it. He found pi«n»y to do with hia farming, and Iboui'h ho thought of Lndy Hopo often with love and lonuring,- nnd meant io find her ono day, ho was not unhnppy. Ono ovr-n- ing. he w-is riding home t1' rough the lanes at dupk, when juqt ao ho cam« to a turn in the road.', about thrcif railoo from' Lyne, where thero '700 v, lonoly old house called the .Grangn, whioh ho had nupponed to bo uninhabited, ho hoard a woman bingln^ so orquinitely he stopppd hio horao to linion. Hor voice wao a contralto, rich, full and awpet, and olio was singings ooriio r^rand old hymn, with a halt piaiativo ring in it which wont to Mervvn'i soul, aad. moved him ao no singing baa siono bfforo. He waited until the 1m t aoto had di d acyay baforo ho ,. rode on, end thon ho put hio homo into a gallop and wao lotting him do pi-otty muoh ao ho likod, his mind boiug pretty full o£ othor things, when ho ohiod ouddonly r l-O from ono oido of tho road to tho 'other, 'X { giviag Mosvyn such r- violent joslc he ' \ ' \7&a; uoerly unooatod. (to nr ooxrrxuL'D.) 