: 3IODEUN SUl'EIiSTH'ION. Recalling the story ?which the newspapers told a few weeks ago, of the doings of some peasants in the south of Ireland, in which a poor woman suffered the torture of burning to death, pn.the assumption that so a witch, might be driven out of her, one cannot but reflect how hardly superstition dies out of the world, bo gross a iorm or it as louna cruel expression in the case referred to may be rare, but yet an approach to such forms is not absolutely unknown even in civilised England. And there are still people ? otherwise sane and sensible who cherish grave doubts about tne lucKincss oi opals, .while the elaborate and somewhat ' absurd practical protest against the ill fortune of sitting thirteen at table, which the Thirteen Club in London has uttered' two years in succession, indiciites at any rate the strong survival of that super stition. Beginning a, voyage or a journey nv i-ni-hifi.tinrr an enternrise- on ITridav is , abhorrent to many decent people, who confess the dominion of the superstition over their minds with a ,shame which does not in the least lessen its sway. And, if any. one doubts ? the prevalence of superstition in the modern world, he need only to examine the adver tising columns of any metropolitan newspaper. Fortune-tellers by cards and other methods of \- divination ? evidently thrive well on popular credulity. In every large community these revealers of the future may be found by the score, and would have no warrant in bringing themselves before the,public if they were not sure of customers. Belief in telepathy, in the alleged revelations- of spiritists, in the forewarning power of dreams, in such manifestations as the apparently permanently invalided Mrs. Mellon conducted till found out, may be honest belief in many instances, perhaps in most. Yet it is. superstitious .' belief all the. same. We may put down belief in ghosts in the same category. ? That superstition, especially that phase of it which supports fortune-tellers and spiri ? tualist mediums, should be found co-existen with the discoveries and declarations of j modern science is not remarkable, however. 'We remember that as Byron said, ' Between two worlds life hovers like a star,' or realize with Wordsworth that our birth is but a sleep and a forgetting ; and we see that science tells nothing of the other world, is silent about what shall happen when we sleep again .and forget once more;. And man longs so earnestly to pierce the veil of the future and the unseen. So that those who pretend to lift or dissipate it come to folk bv the hundred, by the thousand, who are predisposed to listen with greedy ears to lying tales. Super stition can in fact exist side by side with scientific knowledge. inr the same personality. And we cannot conceive of a time in the future when it shall cease out of the world, so long as men yearn for news of the 'hereafter, and are deprived by unyielding natural con ? ditions of the gratification of their longing in ? this regard. A gommon-sensb decision has been given by ? the Supreme Court on the payment of mem bers question. Four, judges have declared ? that the Legislative Assembly, being a . creature of the' Constitution Act, is a con ? tinuous and existing body. Though there are of necessity times when there is no body , called the Legislative Assembly actually in . existence, yet there are no times in which preparation is not being made for bringing such a body into existence. The proceedings of every general election are,- irr fact, part, of .the process of the life of the Assembly; the operations of such elections derive their validity from the enactment of ; some pre ceding Assembly; and the ultimate . fountain of tlieir sanction is the 'Constitution Act. That 'is substantially what the judgment of the Supreme Court means, as far as.ihe rigid interpretation of- the law is concerned. Then, ,as the Legislative 'Assembly is a. continuous .body, every member elected to it. is en -, titled to payment under the provisions „, , of the Parliamentary Representatives .Allow .ances A«t, that Act having placed no ? express Imitation as to , the persons who , ' .were to receive .the specified allowance. We have ?called^' this judgment a common^ .sense judgment, ?because^ every man in Now; South Wales knows that the 'Parliament which assented .to the ; .Payment of Members. Act meant it to be a permanent law, and that the late proceeding asked ' for an extremely ?technical interpretation^.','. And' further, no one .can doubt that if the judges liad applied the ?.technical interpretation' 'which 'the relatoi demanded, the Legislature would in the cir .cumstanees have restored the law to the Statute book.' : The recent proceedingu .were vexatious and 'unnecessary, and their best and most satisfactory result is that sorao very worthy lawyers have received fat fees. 