THE Published Every Monday and Thursday MONDAY, JANUARY 91, 1895. Tue question of travelling cattle to -narket has been a disturbing element to both the cattle owners and the Rail -s'ay Commissioners for some time past. 'Up to a short time ago the owners lave borne with the railway authorities in patience, nothwithetandisg the injury done to the cattle in transit, and the consequent loss to the owners, but nmutterings arose as it was seen that no remedy was to be put forward by the Commissioners, who also sternly net their faces ngainst recouping any of the losses which may have been caused by negligence on the part of the ollicials. These mutteringe soon re solved themselves into expressions of discontent and the climax was reached whvlen an additional per centago charge -was placed on each truck. As the -times becoame worse and the price of cattle decreased to an enormous extent the owners could not submit to it any longer in silence, so it was determinced that some decisive step should be taken in order to influence the Commissioners. In Gippsland the matter was warmly taken up, and as a mseans to this end a meeting wis called to be held at MaIlTra, and at the hour appointed an exceedingly representative gathering of farmers and graziers assombled, most of whom poured out their vials of wrath on the policy of the Commis. sioners, and an unanimous opisionlenas expressed that they be asked to make a reduction in the earriage of stock on the railway lines,. A deputation yas appointed to..wait on the Commis ;seioneraurging this step,.and the depu station was also augmented by representatives of the Melbourno stock agents, but the result was fruitless, the Commissioners showing they were disinclined to adopt the suggesatttis'put forward. Notwithstanding this check anothler meeting was called at whichl some of the owners threatencd to, travel their stock by road, should not their demands be acceded to, but even this had no effect, the Commissioners being resolute in their determination to adhere to tso existing rates. It was thus seen that words were wasted on them so the throats were carried into effect, and the stockowners in this and the surrounding district banded together and secured a trustworthy manto take charge of their cattle while on the road. This step proved a wise one as thie first consignment was landed at Noewmarlket in splendid condition, minus thel knocking about which in evitably resulted during the journey in the trucks, and the atoclkowners were jubilant as not only was a obetter price obtained but the cattle wren landed in Melbourno at less than half the cost of travelling them by rail, Seeing the success of the experiment other owners have adopted the same course, and the loss to the Railway Department must necessarily be heavy, as in this district alone, according to returns handed to us by Mr Donald Manson, the number of cattle already travelled by road is 1443, which is a loss of LG49 7s to the railways. This sum will be greatly increased shortly as both Mr Tyson and Mr Pearson are making arrangements to travel all their cattle by road. In Soutlh Gippaland owners are adopting thie same plan and the loss to the railways shortly in this direction will be so considerable, that the Commissioners will have to meet the cattle-owners half- way and endea vour to come to an amicable arrango ment. We understand Mr Allan M'Lean, M.L.A., has pointed out to them thie loss the railways are entailing, so no doubt something will he done in the near future, whlich we hope will cause the relations existing between stockowners and thie Railway Commis. sioners to be placed on a moro friendly footing. Thie increase in thie oexports of 1894 as comnpareod with 1893 is £717,993. Tihe Earl of Hopetoen will shortly take cleave of Victoria, ani Sir Jolhn Madden, thec Chief Secretary, will be appointed acting Governor. ir Mason will ask tihe Minlister of Lands in thle Assembly oer Tuesday next what steps lhe proposes takling to facilitate the exportation of lhardwood timcber from Gippeland. Tihe Legislative Assembly tacitly re solved, oee Friday that thIe onsalon should be brought to a close this week, and iMr Turner intimated that ice would in that eventl attend thie conference of Premiors at Hobart. Tie Assembly lhas reduced the munici. pal subsidy down to £100,000, and this is to apply to the luast instalment iduo at tihe end of 1894, whicle lens not yet been paid. This subsidy reduction is due to tihe re ction of the Land Tax by the Cous Since the arrangement of travelling cattle by road to tihe Meolbourno markelt hass been adopted, 1443 cattle lhave booeen sent,of which 570 lavo been in Ir l'almor's charge; 040 in Mr Shiols'; 152 in Mr Bock's and 81in Messrs Care andi Kerr's. Another lot sender Mr Shiels' chlearge startced on Saturday last on behalf of various owners. At thle meeting of the provisional direc tors of the proposed liatra Bcot Sugar Company on Friday Mr Riggall was of opinion that no movement in agriculture hlad been madle giving so much promise as the Sugar Boot Indeestry, which sentiment met with the fullest approval of the meeting. Tice Warrgul " News," has given up thie ghost, and no wender (says the Cras bosrcse Herald) the prico-cutting policy it pursued, uimply strangled it out of ox istonce. Fair competition is all very well, but idiotic snapping up of work at prices that are below reason brings its son reward. Thi collaps of our Werra gul contemnporary ought to boa warning to some. Tie grasshoppers which have increased by millicns at Somervillo within the past few wees, are now attacking thie orchards, and wheoro they have been for a few days is plainly shown by the trees, which are entirely stripped of both leaves and apples. Tihe reseidents state that it is many years since they have had thlis peost in such largo snumbers. An entlhusiastie cyclist died in Adelaide recently-Dr Mayo-lwhose ago was 90 years. An Omeeo resident has received a letter froens a friend in Western Australia whlichl says that Glen Wills is more Ialked of thlere than any other gold inld in Victoria and miners consider that by nil accounts insteadc of coming to Coolgardio they Ihad better have tried tihe Gloen. Ensilago, notwithstanding the entlhu siasm and practical examplo of Lord Ilopotoun, makes slow progress in V'ic. torla. For the year ended Marclh 1, 1894, there wero only 336 farmes on whlichl onilango was mado, the quantity totalling 35,339 ecubic ysrls. tIn tc slhiroof Avosn fourteen farms made 11t5 cubic yards of osesilugo. It is witll sincero regrot we leave to rocordtell doat at Ster Hanry hTones, of WVadelock. A year or so ago air Josses ecef fored from influena, freen wilichs he nevoer souemed to have entirely recovered, and .it ses peinoipslit awiag eo that eisease that be suecuasbod on SGeturiay aftseseenn. Mr Jqeus was well-known lbroughout Gipps lasnd, of which te wae a resident of 35years, and was at one tseos manager of the late Shr Potor Olomant's Prospect Stantion' Ho was 5 years of age, ausd leaves a wife acid facity of nins cleidren to mourn leis loss. The funeral vill leavo TWadolosei to-dasy at L o'alsolc, thle place of etormont being tho MeIfra coseiotory, and tim ar a ongemuns, byspecial doniro ef lice dceaeud, earets be carriod oat by ItteJoho Ashlee. Rabbits are beginning to overrun the Omeo shlire, and are very numerous at GlenWills, Big River and MeountBaldhend. Twelve montllhs ago the department pro mised to send up an officer but did niot. The departuent will again be asked td take procuationary steps. A piece of bad luck betel a man at 3airnsedalo last week. fo bought a hotese at IMessrs Desailly, MIacarthur and Co's. yards for £4, and (says the Neus) as ha was taking him out of thie yards the ani mnl jumped egainst a post and so severely injured hitimself that thie purchaserjumpcd at an offerof So Gd for him. The man that paid the half-a- crown had just lhdided over thie amount when the hlorse died, and it will cost him at least l10u td nhave hues removed. Ile alould not have keen in sUtih a hurry to rliea a Ibargain In the Legislative Anessembly, on lriday the Tailwayr estimates mere taken up, and Mr lBrake, the member for Horsham, made his linlden effort. No noil melnbelor hbis evot mldde such a stir as lie did. and the Hlouse recognised tihat lie had ralised a questionl of vital impOrtance. Briefully ilt, his scheme nwas fir a reduction of fares andt freights by O20 per cent, the tnas in revenue, if any, to lie miede up by direct taxation. Aen enlemidmoiet embody ing this view was, (says the Argon,) ruled out of orider, but sembers weont on dio. cussing the great subject until by 'general consent it was stopped, and a meeting fied lfor to-day commencing at noon, for the express purpose of debating Mi Brake's proposal to reduce freights and fares. "Loungtr" in the Cranbourne Herald says:-" A village settlerI is writing to the Alge, stating that lie will hIave to give up his block, andl soeuk town life again on account of his chlildren not haVing a school to go to. There is no limit to thie wants of some people, and the very fact that tlhis statoeaided land owner is not content with his lot, but mlut perforce requiro state oducation for his children shown how mulclh of a crutch tihe pallmpered people of Victoria have made the Sltate in support. ing themselves. In America had Garfield waited for a State achool education, lie wouldl not have beenl President of the United Stlates There was pluck and resource in his family no well as in the families of many other eminent Americans who were reared in the seclusion of the backwtvooeds. The settler in Australia, howeover, lacks tlhat resolurce and applica tion which charancterised such man as Garfield and tlhose I have nlluded to. IMy own impression is that thleseo settlers who have already ibeen helped so mnuch should show nosen willingness too help tlheenslves, instead of continually crying out to the state for nmoney nwhich it can ill afford to expond in. ally direction just now.-' The stoppage of the September moloty of the subsidy, is felt very acutely by lboth Councillors and contractura at Traralgon ; the former because they desire to pay, and the latter are in need of the money to liquidate their liabilities. At tho Traral gun Police Court en Wednenday the effects of atoppage was (says the Reeord) fully illustrated. A uan namlled JamIes Irvine was proceeded against for failing to obey an order of the court to allpport his chlild. When asked Ily the Pulicu llngistrato why he Ihad inot paid, lie rather antonishud that gentlloman, and covulened thi court, by stating that it was owing to the Shire Council laning suspenoded payment. He said le had been working for a man at Rosedalo, who owedlhirn £2 15s, but as the shire did not py, he hlad to go withour. hils moneuy. A. could scarcely believu this, but having been informed it sea due to the eesubsidy inot being paid, he accepted £1 Oa which Irvino tendered, and allowed hlim a mionth to pay the balance. Certainly the most effective medicine known is SAlcneen and BoNs' EucALYr ExTtacr. Test its eminently powerful effects in cough", colds and influenza; the relief is instantaneous. In serious casnes aid accidents of all iisid, be they wounds' burns, scaldinge, bruises, sprains it is the safest remedy-no swelling-noinflamma tion. Like surprising offects produce in creeoup, diphlthoria, bronchitis, inlamma tion of the lungs, nwelling, etc. dliarrhlea, dysentery, diseases of the urinary organs in use at hospital and medical clinics all over the Globo, patronised by HisaMajesty thle King of Italy, crowned with medal and diploma at International Exhibition Amstordam. Trust in this approved article and reject all others. A. MILLEn & Co's. Gigantic Stock-tak ing Sale is pronounced by all to be' a great success. Dresses made up in the best style by our Miss Diamott for Os Od, lier style and fit roquiro no further com ment. Take advantnage of this golden opportunity. We shall throw out fresh lines overy day for the next few weeks, until a complete clearance is effected. Great reductions in all departments. You will studyyour interest by coening to the genuine gigantio stock-taking sale.-A. fMILLER and Co., The Arcado. 