INTERNATIONAL CRICKET -* ENGLAND V. VICTORIA. AN INTERESTING GAME. VICTORIA'S NEW WICKET KEEPER A SUCCESS. BY OBSERVER. Another beautiful day favoured the continuation of the match between Stoddart's English Eleven and Victoria, but the last test match seems to have closed public in first in the game for this season, and the attendance was no better than on the opening day, the takings being £08 8s. 6d. For the greater part of the afternoon, however, those present were cheered by the prospect of an easy victory for the Victorian Eleven, though towards the close of the day this agreeable contingency became rather more remote. Before the match started some discussion as to the relative speed of Ward and Richardson was settled by a race of 150 yards, in which, as those who had watched him in the long field anticipated, Ward won easily. Brockwell and Peel were also to have run the same distance, but Yorkshire at the last moment declined to come to the scratch When play ceased on Thursday night the scores were England, 131, Victoria, 100 for five wickets, the not-out men being C M'Leod 19 and Peryman 5 The bowlers at the start were Lockwood and Peel. Peryman commenced well with Lockwood by getting him to square leg for 4 in the first over the best point in the play at this stage, however, being some smart fielding b) Brown at point, Peryman continued batting with ease and confidence, getting nearly all the runs, and playing Lockwood comfortably on both sides of the wicket. M'Leod, however, gave a sharp chance to Brown at point when his score was 20. Peryman was loudly cheered for one fine on drive to the fence, a firat-rateetroke. As soon as he came opposite Peel he drove the first ball hard to the off - fence, and the up plause from the pavilion showed that the youngster's progress was particularly appreciated there. Peryman'a next was a beaut), a cleandnve-up-to the ladies' reserve bringing 190 up. It was testing a colt severely to bring him straight from club cricket to play the cream of last season's English bowling, but young Peryman was equal to the demand. AdDS Richardson came on instead of Lockwood, and soon afterwards Peryman, with a leg hit off Peel, got into the thirties, having made 20 while M'Leod got fl. His next leg hit was run out for i-and the stroke brought 200 up. A game of cross purposes between the fieldsmen gave M'Leod 1 for a two stroke. At 217 Briggs was tried instead of Peel. When he had got 3S Per) man made his first false stroke in slaying one of Brigg's. It was a bad stroke, but Lockwood hesitated as to whether he or Ford should go for the ball, and then, losing sight of it in the sun, let the ball drop within a few feet of him, 'The stroke brought Per) man to 10 and he ran out to the next and drove it to the off, BrcUcwcH, just against the chains, taking a pretty catch. 'the colt had, however, made a most creditable beginning an important cricket, and henceforward must be regarded as a first flight batsman 'His part nership had been worth just 50 runs to the Victorians, as the sixth wicket c lined it from Iii) to 21). M are, the Carlton colt, took German's place, and C M'Leod run out to drive a couple of Briggs's, but Richardson pass wall in the way of a couple of hard hits M'Leod had then made the even 10. He was cheered for a line straight drive off Briggs to the fence. A stolen one, in which M'Laren from a fast return scattered the wicket, gave M'L od highest score for the match, Young "Warne was playing a nice confident game too, and has been well couched in the theory of the straight hit, for he always has the full face of it to the boy her When M'Leod was DJ he got a terrific blow on the point of the tree and was crippled for some mm. It practically closed his innings, tor when he stood up to the bowling again the first ball from Richardson sent the bails whirl mg yards away)- a very difficult ball Unit would have beaten most batsmen M'Leod had played a first late innings for his £1, the future of his plea) being that he kept ever) thing along the grass, and combined watchfulness with con science His success was the more popular since he has been without doubt the unlucky cricketer of this season 'The seventh wicket Hill at 235, and 'Trumble was next man "Warne was applauded for alight leg touch just sufficient to deflect a fast one to the fence, 'Trumble made no sin), for a big jump at Briggs found him outside his crease, and Ga) stumped him just on the luncheon hour. fight for 250. li M'Leod was Warne's partner after lunch, Briggs and Richardson bowling "Warne might have been taken in the slips soon after the) Started, but Peel, anticipating the atioke, moved from the right spot. Warnes forward strokes at Richardson were rather risk) once, there appeared to be a spot on the end to which Richardson was bowling, and he got upawkvvurdl), both brown and Peel close upon the off being keenly) alert for a catch, li M'Leod was run out in trying for a second one, a fast return of Brockwell's being remarkably well taken by On) at the wickets 0 for 217. Johns, who has no reputation as a bat, began by) pulling one of Brigg's to the on, and getting a nice one in thelollovvingover swept it to the knee for 4, and drove the next high tothcbomulnrj-u first patent. 'Ihethiidhcalsohilhiehtoi link square leg, where Brockwell took another of the pretty) catches he has frequently made during the tour, and of which he got four in this innings Warne carried out his bat for 15, the tail end men not having given him a fair chance to show his form 'The innings closed for 269, leaving the Vic lorinna w Hil a nice lead of 158 on the first innings Briggs, with three wickets for 54) runs, came out best in the bowling V Ward and Brockwell again started for England to the bowling of C. M'Leod and H. 'Trott. Brockwell played M'Leod to the on for a single, but in the same overChnrle) clean bowled Ward-the Victorians jumping with delight as this dangerous balancing fell without scoring Brown came up, and opened by hitting Harry Trott close to the oil fence for 3 After some quiet play) Brockwell went out and drove Harry 'Trott hard to the grand stand fence, but they could take few liberties with O'. M'Leod, who was bowling well, Brown and) putting one of them into his wicket Both men played Harry'liott with more freedom than in the first innings, Brown running out to them, and with his crisp, powerful strokes chopping them to the oil boundary. When he had made 18 Trumble dropped him in the slips off Harry) 'Trott an easy catch-and with the tolerance thus shown the batsman listed C M'Leod to the fence for 4. The hours now came with a rattle, Brown especially getting on to the slows and scoring two to one with Brockwell. A square leg hit got him into the thirties, when he drove'Irott splendidly to the grand stand fence. 'trying to repeat this Stroke the break beat him. and Johns find an easy case of stumping and did it very smartly. Brown had played dashing cricket for 37, and the second wicket fell at 02. M Laren followed, and Brockwell got 3 off M'Leod with a snick past the w letter. 1 he was bowling an admirable' length, and they came this awkwardly in the batsmen as to the wicket keeper. Johns appealed for stumping against H'Laren, whose toe was made, but just to) ins with the grass. It was another clover bit of work on the wicket-keeper's part, and the doubt had to be given to the batsman Brockwell made one dashing 1 off M'Leod straight up the pitch to the fence. At 60 Harry Trott gav e up the ball to R, M'Leod. Another of Rrockuell's fine fast drives brought 70 up, though with li. M'Leod's appearance at the bowling crease the storing had slowed down greatly), and it was not until his fourth over that a run was got from him. In his fifth over he clean bowled Brockwell, who had played a first rate innings for with, a well-judged break bearing line. He pulled up clean, sharp hitting, when the chance of Ti led, with sound defence. The third wicket fell at 7ft Johns, by a magnificent bit of work, got all of Peel when I had only scored a single, the batsman's foot was burned) off the grass when Johns had his hulls life, and Wickham, who had been watching him closely all du), declared, with enthusiasm, "There's one. of the best Wicket keeper i II 1 we ever Bien," Four for 78, and Ford in M L siren made two very pretty on drives to the front of the press xxx oft R, M'Leod. 'Trumble, however, amply made amends for his former mistake 1>) a grand catch In the slips winds Stopped M'Lureii Just when he was looking dangerous. Five wickets for 102, and the guns looking very health for the Victorians Lockwood was next man in, and after a spell of (unit plus) lord drove V. M'Leod straight to the lena Johns made another smart attempt to jump Ford the crowd for (an instant thinking (he wicket keeper had him The bow ing was splendid, and the became n had all their work cut out to keep their stumps Rtundiui 'They brought the hundred up, how year, by carefully) made singles, and at UK II 'Trott came on again at I! M'Leod send Lockwood trying to kick some of the oil breaks for hg byes A much more batsman like effort was a fine straight drive to the pavilion front When he had scored six Trumble made a fine effort to take him left handed high in the air, and after stopping it had a better second opportunity, but was off his balance and could not hold it Ford made one very nice on hit to the fence of C M'Leod, and Lockwood pulled the same bowler over to the long on boundary At 120 Harry Trott gave the ball to his brother, Ford playing one in his first over close to Trumble in the slips 1 rumble took the ball at the other end and thick cued his men in the off field In his first overlord made a magnificent five hit one of the finest of the season a spectator making a good catch just on the very top of the embankment has hit was about on a par with Darlings great drive into the Sydney tennis court A drive by the same batsman off Albert Trott wiped away the balance of 138 and gave the loan to clear start Johns showed that he could take difficult ones on the leg side with the best of them this being the crucial test for a wicketkeeper In taking the ball from the field, too, he goes in front of the wicket, and does everything with or c sweep, losing no time in a double notion By good, sound, and ad) cricket, in valuable to the suit, this partnership had put on 30. Ford getting the most of them, and reaching 40 with his next oil drive Lockwood was well taken by Warne at mid on the fieldsman caught him one handed while falling over to reach the ball Lockwood had played a quiet but useful innings for 10 and the sixth wicket went at 1 38 Briggs was next man, and For 1 again got nicely on to Humble for an on bit to the boundary A double change was made to Harry Trott and C M'Leod, and Bngga put one of the Blows just close enough to Albert Trott at cover point to bring forth a mighty effort to reach it but an unsuccessful one Briggs had to get Ward to run for him, the in jury to his leg received in the test match still troubling him Ford with the same stroke that made his score an even 50, brought 170 up and a three drive soon after wards gave him top score for the match 1 M Leod and a try in the last few minutes lord cut one of L M'Leod s very prettily past point to the fence Neither of them were shifted until stumps were drawn, when they were just 50 runs on Lord s 00 was un in an able contribution to the side He took fewer risks than he usually does, but hit very hard when the ball suited him and this is about the best uiniiiLS we have seen from him in Australia nothing in the match, however, excited quite 80 much enthusiasm us Johns s splendid wicket Keeping He got fewer opportunity than in the first innings but never missed the ghost of a chance. Peels toe, for instance, being little more than an inch off the ground when he stumped him In addition, he never allowed a bull to pass him and it is a long time since I have seen a better exhibition of w tcket ket ping in a first class match there will be no play to day, but the match will be continued on Monday The scores are as follows - VICTORIA HUT IS INOS II Trott BrocKwell bl eil 12 W Bruce thrown by eel 4. Mr Laver a ilioctivvell b Lockwood "3 A li Trott b Richardson 40 II Studio of Gas li Richardson 5 C V 1 con b Richards) i £2 0 11 Peryman Brockwell b Briggs 46 T Warne not out 15 is 1 nimble st On) 1, Briggs J H M'Leod run out G A Johns a Proclive!! b line, s 10 lines 4, leg)es, 7 wides, 3, no balls 11 Total 00 BOW! IXO ANALVUIS llalK Runs Maidens Wickets. J Briggs 114 ft) J W H Lockwood IOC 4) 5 1 T Pittar Ison 33 10 J 1 led 100 4 2 Richardson and Lockwood each box led a no ball and feel a wide ENGLAND First Innings .... 131 I COOM) i.\M\03 A Ward bO M'leod 0 W Brockwell bl: M'leod M J I Uni n st Johns b Trott 47 A C VI Linen of fruit le b C M I col- 10 It 1 eil st Join " b O M LlOd 1 1 J li Ford not out 60 W H Lockwood a Warne b Trumble 15 J Briggs not out 22 Le, be of 1 six. wickets for ... 133 