THE CONSPIRACY CASE. Tlie collapse of tlie Crown case against Mr. Crick yesterday was so bopeless and complete that the -jury found it their duty to summarily end tlie long-drawn-out fiasco of his trial by discharging him before proceeding any further. By that act, with which the judge perfectly concurred, these twelve promiscuously-selected laymen corrected a series of errors on the part of officialdom which, if they were not prejudicial to the administration of law, would be simply ridiculous. Against Mr. Crick not the shadow of a ghost of evidence was ever produced, and tho arrest and attempted loeking- up without bail of any man under such circumstances Is a grave reflection upon the competency of whoever was responsible for that initial mistake. It may be that the police authorities, having what they deemed a well- grounded suspicion, remembered the maxim of "first catching your lmre," and rushed to secure their man before waiting to elaborate their case. There may be extreme circumstances under which such a reversal of the just order of procedure would become necessary, but no possible stretch, of Imagination could include this amongst them. After the arrest, which we now see was made on no reasonable evidence what ever, the error of the police was re peated by the magistrate who commit ted the accused for trial, still without any proof of a case against him. Then came thp grand jury, which filed the bill on the same visionary grounds. Here were three distinct errors of judgment made by expert hands which it required a common jury to see through and correct We repeat that the reverse of credit is reflected upon the acumen of everyone concerned in this long, flimsy, and expensive tra vesty. The laying of a policeman's hand upon the humblest citizen' is a thing which should never be done without tlie greatest caution. Something more than the mere off-chance of being af terwards able to build up a case against him is required. Guilty or in nocent, it may mean the man's ruin: it must mean humiliating and injuring him in a manner for which llierc is afterwards no compensation. For tlie law to inflict this punishment ou one who is innocent is a very serious mat ter, and tho risk of making such a cruel mistake should never be taken except under absolute compulsion. Where a man is taken, as It seems, red- handed, or where there is danger of a reasonably suspected criminal escaping from trial, arrest may be unavoidable, and if a mistake is made in so doing it cannot be helped. But that is quite a different thing from tho police when ever they think that a case may be made out against a man dragging him to prison first, and seeking their evi dence afterwards. In the interests of justice it is neces sary to consider what such a step in volves. It means, first, that the man is torn from his business and his fa mily and placed under the stigma of crime — in itself a terrible thing to hap pen to an innocent person. From the moment the policeman's hand touches his shoulder he is treated as guilty un til he is proved innocent. If he cannot get hall he is locked up, maybe for months, even though his family starve on the streets. Then there is the cost of providing a defence, which even the most Innocent man who is put ou trial cannot afford to neglect. If it is better that ninety-nine guilty meu should es cape than that one who is innocent should be punished, it is, in view of these facts, certainly safer to take some risk of a possible criminal escap ing tban of making a wrongful arrest. Of course, it does not follow that every prisoner whom a jury acquits is inno cent, and that his prosecution is conse quently indefensible. We vouch here for no man's innocence. All we are con tending for is that until there is some direct evidence of guilt, for the law to lay a hand upon any free citizen is for itself to assault that very justice which it is intended to vindicate. Every time this is done, public respect for law suffers, and there is engen dered that distrust for authority which amongst certain classes becomes the equivalent of, at least, a negative sym pathy with crime. 