I - ? . THE ? FATAL MRIMI BY HUME NISBBT. Author of 'The Bushranger's Sweet heart,' 'Bail Up,' 'Eight Bills,' &c; ^H [Serial Eights Strictly Seseeved.] H CHAPTER XI.— (Continued.)1 j^H As he spoke the door Was openea ^H from wtihin for them to enter. '^H No word or sign was given as they ^H passed through. The door was at ^H once closed and locked behind them, ^H and theu, for an Instant blinded by ?^M the candle-light, Paul blinked his -'^H eves and looked round. I Over three hundred men were as I sembted in this lal^.shed, w^ich was I lighted by tallow -Randies and iiaptSa.' I liunps,' wMch flared 'tawhily a's they. I swung from the rafters, filling the I place with a nutty smelling smoke, I and making it look misty and larger I than it really was. I On a platform made ' of rough I planks and raised upon small barrels I lie noticed two or three men better I dressed than the main body, which I filled out the shed. They were not I -well-dressed, but rather looked like I TTorkmen on a Sunday, with mufflers I about their necks instead of collars. I But in spite of this they did not look I like workmen. They were the lead I ers and' orators of the conspirators. I As Paul and ? the doctor 'Entered I they saw oae of the men upon, his I feet, holding in his hand a musket, I while behind him was placed a large I stack of the same weapons, some of I them with bayonets attached to the I barrels. I 'This man was distributing the nius I tets to the workmen, who, as they, re I ceived them, handled them gingerly, I with the half pride, half fear, with I which people handle weapons which I they have not been accustomed to the I ,use of. I The doctor stood while this distri I butiou was going on, watching the I proceedings with a sardonic smile I playing under his grisly moustache. I He had been welcomed with a uni I versal cheer from the crowd, after I which manifestation of popularity, I at a word from the orator on the I platform, the men grew silent and at I taitive 'to his instructions. I When all the muskets were given I out, they were ord- ered to fall in and I t-egin drill, and then, seeing the way ? clear, the doctor, with Paul, pushed I itheir way up to the platform. I 'A new recruit T' asked the man I standing, as he shook hands with the I doctor. I 'Not exactly; but I trust we will I be able to convert him to our cause I before this meeting closes,' replied I the doctor. 'My friend, Paul Lang I ay.' ; ?' . ? 'You are welcome, so long as you I can sympathise with the wrongs of I the people,' responded the man, hold ? ing out his hand to Paul, who. how ? ever, contented himself, with a cool I DOd- I 'All my sympathies are for the I people,' said Paul, quietly, and then ? he waited and looked about him. I The yellow glaring of the naptha I lamps, as they lighted up that com ? pact -mass, revealed to Paul in the I rugged faces a many-chaptered story ? of privation and^ want, which made ? his heart very padniful as''iie read it. I Stern faces, pallid and pinehed-, with I (lays and, ..nights of famishing, endur I ed' wfth 'Kcsgg^ct -'patience until- human ? endurance- could stand no more, when ? a sudden ending of it all seemed bet ? ter than the prolonged and hopeless I misery of dragging on this bitter life. I A great pity came upon Paul, like a I hand-grasp upon his heart-strings, as I he looked over this large assembly of I quiet-looking, famished, and mis I guided men — a mighty pity, which I filled his eyes with sudden tears and I his throat with a choking huskiness I mingled with a loathing hatred for I those soft-handed impostors, with I their ready tongues, who, disguised I as workmen', were now striving their I utmost to lure the desperate but sim I pie sufferers to destruction. The pa I pers were full of the insurrectionary I and abortive attempts of the people I at Birmingham and Wales, and he I felt convinced that when the hour of I exposure came, these flery-tongued I orators would disappear, leaving their I victims to suffer the full penalty of I the leaders' crimes, I He watched the men during their I evolutions, and afterwards when, I while they rested, leaning upon these I borrowed muskets, they listened with I latent, hungry faces to the revolu I tionary harangue of this false, fiat I chet-faced demagogue. There was a I wild yearning feeling upon Mm, as if I he stood in the presence of martyrs I preparing for the sacrifice. He long I ed to embrace them as noble brothers I who were about to die, for their suf I fering had ennobled them, as they I stood round the platform with glow I ing white faces and lips blue from I want of bread, drinking in the Ma I tant words of these over-fed shams, I who had dirtied, their faces and I hands, as well-paid actors prepare for I their part; his pity all for the true, I sorrow-broken hearts, getting for I their faith only, empty words, of froth. I He knew 'wihat fheir homes were I like, and how their wives and child I ren would be then crouching together I in bare' garrets or cellars, fireless, I foodless, and hopeless, waiting, with I the everlasting endurance of the I poor,1 upon what sever eanie. I How his gorge rose at the straw I leaders of these noble sons of Bng I land, the mighty Poor, makers 'of the I rich, who stood like sheep waiting up I on the butcher's knife, or .abortively I kicking with their shackled feet. I What were they doing- now, these I drovers of the poor sheep into the I shambles; this' false philanthropist I whom he had himself fattened out of I his plenty; this .brother wolf of the I pack about him, who stood with gog I gling glasses and staged callously at I this famishing crowd? . I Once during the . harangue, to which I they listened and cheered, 'Paul saw I them bear aw^ty from their 'midst a I fainting maa, with .waxen-face and I half-closed, upturned eyes, like a I smiling dead -saint in tatters; a man I who had fainted through utter star I Vation,: while these leaders could strut I about in, furs and fine linen. -'?- '?'?? I 'Wha-t is, wroiig-spith y»ur eompa I nion?' he inquired, as they passed I him carrying -*toeir Jigbt.loadi ; Qf ; hbr I manity. ''. ''— ??* .*»«'&:-.»:??? ,-.?**?» I 'Nothing much, ; master,' answered I the bearers; 'only the heat got the I better o': Mm,V -He'll :be right in a I minute; but,' they added, jealously, I 'he ain't one . of us; we ,9on't faint I for nothing. He is .only a poor tramp I who joined UB/tOrTiight' I Even as the men ^spoke of their /cou- I rage, i&ey; ' reeled* themselves under I their easy load, as they /staggered to I the door, to jgive; the Insens&jle; main, I whom they had- disowned in their pa I triotic grille, the 'fresh air.. I A mighty shiver passed over the I frame . of .Paul, -:.«s he saw and heard I this— a thrilling Gshiygr,., which, caused his legs to grow, weak under, hiih, while his teeth chattered. He could stand no more of it, the blood was mounting into his brain like molten metal, leaving his hands find feet like ace. ..... 'Would you Tike to address the men?' said the doctor, turning to him as the hatchet-faced, goat-bearded orator ended his windy oration. 'Yes,' replied Paul, throwing down his coat and stick. 'Men— my 'brethren, what art thou doing with thyselves to-night? Think est tnou that 300 starving men can overturn the Constitution of Eng land?' 'We ain't starving,' growled the men, beginning to look black at these unexpected words; 'and we ain't 300, but 300,000 in IiUnnoti. alone.' 'Where are they?' asked PauL quietly. ? ' 'in the- slums,, .and outside the g-ates of warehouses and docks, wait ing on us -to set them the example and take the city. We are the ma jority by long chalks, master.' 'Thou art, when thou knowest ones another thoroughly and thyselves aright, but thinkest thou to take the City of London with these few mus kets?' 'There be more where they come from, master.' A sudden inspiration broke over Paul's mind as he heard these words. 'Show me one of thy muskets!' 'You had better stop that sort of gab here, Mr. Langly,' 6aid the hat chet-faced orator, going close to Paul and looking at him impudently in the face. 'It isn't safe with desperate men like these before you. I've seen a bigger traitor than you knocked on the head for less.' 'Show me a musket,' again de manded Paul loudly, as with one strong hand he pushed the orator easily aside, while the men began to sway about and talk to one another. The orator's suggestion about traitors and knocking on the head was being discussed, ~ and Paul was iu a dan gerous position. One man, however, more sensible than the others, handed up his musket for the inspection of this stranger. Paul examined it carefully for a mo ment, alid then looked up, his face biasing with fury, while he thunder ed out: 'Men of London, thou art being sold to Government for an example and a warning. This musket bears the Tower mark.' 'It is a '- ? lie; 'tis you who are the traitor,' hissed the orator, as he put up his fist and shook it in Paul's face. 'Look for thyselves, men; examine each musket which is in thy hands, and thou wilt see that I am right see, here is where it should be,' and he held the musket aloft, pointing to the Government mark. 'What of that,' shouted the orator, facing the mob, 'all military muskets carry that mark. Knock this distur ber on the head.' 'All Tower marked muskets belong to the Government.' thundered Paul, drowning the other's weaker voice with Ms stentorian tones, the veins up on his forehead starting out like whip cords, as he clenched his left fist and shook it in the faces of the leaders, while with the other open he waved in the direction of the men, passion and pity swelling out his magnificent frame, until, he seemed to rear like a giant above them all. 'Listen to' me, lads, for a moment. I tell thee that thou art being dra-mi into a net, and that- -before thou art aware of it the law will have thee in its remorseless dutches. I have been a convict' myself. I am one of those who have suffered and kicked against the traces, and I would help thee where I could; and so now I lift my voice to warn thee against these false hearted curs who are leading— nay, driving — thee to death.' 'We must stop this, Trevers,' whis pered the hatchet-faced orator to the doctor, as he shrank back from the outspread fist of Paul. 'Let him go on,' replied the doctor, calmly, 'the soldiers will be here pre sently, I have sent for them, and will cage ' him with the others.' 'That's all right,' observed the hat chet-faced, with an ugly grin, as he stroked his goatee with his hand. 'Look, my lads, what have they done at Birmingham. Bolton, Man chester, Stockport, and lately at New port, except to fail? And why? Be cause thou had'st evil advisers and traitors for leaders; men employed by an infamous Government to trap a few, so that they may frighten the multitude into submission. Chart ists! Why, the originators -are not friends of the people, but mercenary spies of the Government, who hatch treason on a .small scale on purpose to intimidate tiie real reformers of the age. Disperse. I implore thee all to ^disperse and seek thy lairs, for thou wilt be caught with the Government tools in thy hands as evidence against thee. England will never be revolu tionised by bloodshed. The day is coming wlien thy rights willkbe forc ed for thee, thy wives and children by other means than war— wait for that; but meantime disperse while there be yet time.' As Paul paused, choking in his ex citement to gather breath, the march of feet was heard outside, while the officer's word to 'halt' rang out clear ly over the silence in the frosty air. 'Ha! they are upon us. Now, men of England, who is the traitor?' A most horrible change came over Paul, as he roared out these, last words; for a moment he reeled back wards as if shot, clutching at his throat with his right hand, while with his left he wildly clawed at the lamp-lit space, as his face became purple, with blood-suffused eyes and starting hair. Theu with a hoarse cry like the call of a wild beast, while the door of the shed was burst open by the soldiery, he caught up his heavy stick, and, putting down his head like a baited bull, sprang from the platform amongst the revolutionists and made for the redcoats, followed by the mob, and scattering his enemies like nine pins, as also followed by the savage Stump, he broke tbrough JJielr ranks and disappeared- into darkness, leav ing a free passage for as many to fol low as had courage to do so. CHAPTER XE Ijt.was close upon midnight when: Paul, with his dog, reached Blenholih i-odge; coyeced :with mud, hatless, and without Ms overcoat, he stagger ed into the lobby to be met by Ruth, ?who had been, sitting up with her mo-, ther, and now came downstairs as he entered the front door. As she saw him, she sprang down lie step ami caught him with both hands, for she read the old expression upon the lov ed face, which twice she had seen be fore. ?' ' ??'?? '' .- .''- ' ?'?'?? ???-' ?'' ? ' r 'Father, oh, father, come in here.' She dragged him iirto the : sitting room, where he fell heavily upon a seat and stared. at her vacantly- \ 'What is it, Ruth?' he asked, weari ly passing his blood-stained hand over., his^ eyes.. ! ..'. ? -.-.i.1 ..-ifiio . ' . ?? . 'Oh, father, thou ar.t ill— thou art t wounded.' £ 'Nothing, Ruth, child. A scratch t from a soldier's bayonet, which has only ruffled the skin. How is your i mother?' . -s 'I think she is worse. An. hour s ago. the new nurse came, and since t then mother has been so excited and 'l panting.' s 'Ah,' replied Paul, lisitlessly; 'the nurse. Hath thy mother seen her?' | 1 'No; not yet— but I have. She is i waiting up for thee.' 1 'That is well. Is the new nurse a j worthy-looking Woman?' - 'She looks so— and pretty. At t least, she hath been very beautiful.' - 'Ah, I will see her presently. Tell her to come hither; I will speak to ', i her first, and then bring her to thy a mother. Meanwhile do thou go and 3 watch beside her, after thou hast told the nurse, until I join thee botlu God bless thee, my sweet Ruth; I am not well to-night' 'I know it, father. Let me see thee to thy bedroom, now; thou canst see this woman in the morning. Per chance thou wilt be somewhat better then.' 'Nay, Ruth; I will speaik to her to night — now, and then I Will see thy mother before I retire.' 'As thou wilt, father.' Ruth kissed her father fondly on the brow, and smoothed his hair, and then, with an anxious face, she left him sitting beside the table— his head upon ,his, hand, aud his eyes upon the mud- covered dog at his feet. It was the same sitting-room where Ruth had fastened up the holly into the letters 'Welcome;' they were there still, fresh as ever, with the red berries shining in the lamplight, as they stood out against the timestain ed oakvpanels. A low-toned room, old and quaint, with that carved oak ta ble, whereon the lamp stood and cast its soft light over that strong massive head, now drooping upon the blood-stained hand. Stump, wearied out as he was, opened his lurid eyes and gave a low growl, as the door was opened and shut again, while the new nurse tiole in and walked over until she was close beside Paul. He had not heard her, or the dog's ominous growl, but still sat where Ruth had left him, stuoefied with the excitement of the night. When the lamp light caught that face, it was no longer purple with passion, or ruddy with its ordinary healthy aspect, but deathly white, and terribly haggard. Some grey hairs were now blending with the brown. Paul looked twenty years ol der than when he had set out that night. 'Paul Langly!' It was the nurse who spoke, as she stood before him full in the lamp light. A woman, who might be thirty-five or forty years of age, with a rounded, but slight figure, a baby face, filled with dimples, and a golden crown of hair. She had taken off her hat and jacket, and freshened herself up dur ing the hour when she had ' waited upon her new master's coming home. Wonderfully well-dressed for an hos pital nurse; with flowing, artfuUyar ranged lines to cover the ravages of time, the sort of indefinite colors, and soft material which . clings to and adds grace to a woman's figure. Possibly ^ere were wrinkles and crow's feet in her face, if submitted to the searching light of day. To night the lamp light was more gener ous, and revealed nothing except beauty and velvety softness. 'Paul Langly!' He had not heard the first call from that musical voice; but at the repeti tion of his name, he woke up and took his hands from his eyes. 'Priseilla Gaunt!' As Paul uttered the words, he start ed back with a great horror in his eyes, as if. he had seen a ghost, and with outspread shaking hands and open mouth regarded her as one petri fied. 'Yes, Paul Langly, we meet once more, after twenty-five years of se paration. A* long time for you and me, isn't it? With such love as we once felt for one another.' 'Love! Oh, my God!' 'Well, Paul, you loved me then, didn't you? The foolish girl who be trayed you. And I have loved you all these years since, while I suppose you have forgotten me.' She looked at him with the old re sistless expression in her dove-like eyes, while her bosoms, fuller than they had been, but not much, heaved up and down, as with suppressed^ emotion, as she drew back her head with the half-opened red lips, and the white teeth gleaming upon him with the old laugh, which brought the dim ples deeply out at each side. 'Hush, hush, Priseilla— the door!' His eyes were burning - upon her, as he said this, while all his face seemed changed; what had been calm dignity before, now grew to animal cunning and crafty ferociousness, as if there had been some truth in the doctor's theory of spirit possession, and that an evil soul had now the body which before had been Paul Langly. 'The door is all right,' murmured Prisclllai 'No one can interrupt our conversation for I have locked it' Up to now Paul had kept his seat, glaring upon her with that revived ti g-erish glare, his head swaying back wards and forwards slowly and rhythmically to the music of her sweet accents, but at her last words he swiftly put up his hand to the fun nel of -the lamp, and with a sudden ? puff plunged the room into darkness. 'Father! oh, my father! Art thou there?' It was Ruth, who was clinging to the door-post and knocking' frantical ly at the door, while she was sobbing as if her heart would break. 'Father! father! Open the door. Quick! quick! quick!' 'What is it, child?' From out of the darkened sitting room Paul staggered, with ghastly face and disordered hair. 'wiiat is it, Ruth?' 'Oh, father, father! Mother is deai~' Ruth woqld have flung herself upon his breast in her grief, but he held her at arm's length, while he gazed' upon her with stony eyes. Then he fell slowly backwards from his daughter, ?with & hollow groan: 'Dead? Keep back from me, Ruth, for— I— am— as' one— Haceursed.' DHAPTER m Morning in the darkened chamber where now. lies Mary Langly in the calm stillness and dignity of her last beauty; inprnihg in the oak-panelled dining apartment, where Paul is st≪ sitting, as he has sat ail through the. night, witiU his 'eyes fixed upon the^ dog at his- feet; the only companion which he can now endure to be beside ihhn in thSs iapathy of utter and list less misery. He has not dared to took upon the dead face of his wi£e yet,] who, has now JJpne , for ever, from all I penitence or explanation. If she con dones, he wlU never know it, for ill ? . ' ? j :hat space of darkness her liberated soul must have witnessed what he ! ;annot now remember. j 'Was Priseilla Gaunt here last \ light, or was it a spectre which hath ' rajiished?' for the nurse had not been seen since she had gone into his pres ence the night before; her box and lionnet Were still upstairs, but of her self there was no trace. 'What am I now?' he murmured to himself. . 'A fallen man, or am I svorse? Who can tell me what I liave done, since I do hot know my self? Was I dreaming about this crime while my wife lay dying, or did she stand beside me in that hour of , larkness without a sign?' j The window was wide open, as it liad been all night. Had he opened it when he came in or afterwards? [t is all semi-blank with him. Like a I lance of evil phantoms, indefinite ideas leap up aud down, changing aver as he might lay hold of them in- , to something else. He remembers the i 3pi3;it seance aud the first portion of i the Chartist meeting distinctly, but ; aow he got out, his walk home, and j what happened afterwards- are all | shaotic— a world of vague shadows — i space of impalpable monstrosities, which have robbed him of his own personality, and with it torn his man hood into shreds. He sits to- day a wondering- incarnation, of despair, feeling lost beyond redemption, try ing to solve the mystery of his evil ieeds without being able to compre liend more than the consequences and . punishment,, . Ms own self-loathing, and that dead woman who lies above liis head, and whom he dare not look upon until he knows the extent of the ; 2vil which she must have witnessed, after death, but can never now ex plain. The door is locked upon him, and lie will not yet open it. ? In the grate and fender the ashes of last night's are are lying untouched, while behind him on the wall hangs that holly word, 'Welcome.' It is but a fort night to Christmas, and on the leaf less branches which cross the window the snow is lying heavily. Ruth's fa rorites — the sparrows and robins — have fluttered from the branches to the cleared window sill, trying to pick up the remnants of last night's sup per, for their breakfast has not been aistributed to them; therefore, they all look in anxiously at that silent i bent figure by the table, with the \ equally silent low-bred companion of j thieves and murderers crouching with \ half-closed, watchful eyes at his feet. All at once Stump gives a low, ominous growl, and looks towards the open window, prepared as if to re ceive an enemy. 'Down, Stump, down,' says the master, mechanically, without mov ing, and the dog relapses again to his former position, yet keeping a lurid eye upon the window. Then the lattice window's halves are drawn wider apart, and the head of Dr. Randolf Trevers fills up part of the space between . He does not speak for a moment, but looks intent ly upon the downcast face of Paul, and then, pointing the forefinger of his bare right hand straight towards him, utters slowly the two words. 'Paul Laogly.' 'I hear thee,' replies Paul, in a mo notonous voice, without stirring from his position. 'I wish to speak to you, Paul Lang ly; call off your dog.' 'Keep still, Stump,' says Paul, in the same dreary tone, and the dog crouches abjectly down, with Ms head flat on the rug. 'Enter, Randolf Trevers.' -' : (To be continued. 