Bac k From:- tfie" Grave? )»' » ' — !' I was quite certain that I bad heard ot old ' Uncle Joslah. Bodfish's death and burial, and - when I niet bim coming out of a lawyer'#' ; office and looking rather moro belligerent than usual it give me a bit of -a Bt&rt; and, ai 11 creepy ' feeling up and down my spine.) ' But it was Josiah, sure as cou'ld be, and! . . there was nothing ghostly in his appearance.1 .'I asked him "how he came to be extant ia! such an irregular way, arid he tqld me all) - about it. f "So yon thought I was snuffed out,. did ?ori? That's a goorfonc on-you ; but, then/ don't know's I can blame you, 'seeing myj own folks '16wed I was a cadaver. I've gou a law suit with 'em aboutit. Tbey bad mqj taken up by a constable for disturbing tho - feaco, and that's what I'm la win' about; ; 'm out on bail now, It's a peculiar case; 1 and if I had q mind to take it to tbe SooJ prcme Court I could knock 'em out on tho question whether n man who has been buried can be legally prosecuted. You knew them' speljs I have. When I get one I'miliablc to \- he. plumb out o' my senses for hours, and I'm a little- nervous about 'em'somotimes. Ifriny- / -body tells you it 'isrit nothing but whiakyj t you call' him a liar, and I'll bogk you up)' , Ypu know I'm qot intompcratc, and >yoii| . novcr saw rite'-take anything between drluksi. ' in your life. 1 41 Mobbe you've- noticed that mo and tho \ bid woman don't hiteh very well. Yes, , XI thought so. Seme folks has -a habit :o' no ticing other folks' doin's. Well, it's all owin' .. to Deacon Sliderback's taking too goldarned- much interest (n the spiritual welfare of- iny family. My old woman's been so pious/ I've been a little fearsome that sho migbB get too anxious to have me join the heavenly, choir and plaht-mo if I happened to havo ri real bad- spell and not como to as Bpry -ai common." . . ' I suggested to Uncle Josiah that hc'coulfln't be- buried without a pbyaiciau'a certificate thatfae was dead. - "That's, another point," be replied, "Dr.1 Pilbelus don't. like me enough to hurt since' I put a little job on bim, and. I kinder sus pected ho'd pluy a practical joke ou mc if ho got a chance in a professional 'way. I don'B believe the authorities would want a certifi cate anyway if tbey knewPilbolus had any thing to do with-. tbo ease. They'd considet that- reasonable ground to suppose that tba patient was ripe for the cold and silent tomb. If you don't want i- to bo slammcdi into acoflin and sent kiting to glory before yburtime; don't you havii Pilbolus, He's a -quack, sure. I'd been, (thiriking. over what might happen, Audl had a talk with tbo uji- dertakbr who docs- all my Amrying, and wo! fixed the thing up bot ween-us. Had a tele- phone piit-in, the family vault anil all tbatu sort-of thing, you- know. Going to have the' iwbolc racket-patented next week. "Well, it seems I got full or had a spell!, last Saturday night, arid tho next thing II' knori I woke up in the dark feeling mighty qn'cor. Fclt'like a femoral — pthcr-roscs and' : dead leaves juid carbol.ic acid, yon kuow. I thought' I'd get up and soe who was dead, but the first, break I model humped my head; - against something bard. Then 1 fcit around: and frfund I was boxed- in, and I concluded/ it was my own funeral I felt. So I just-- kicked the lid-off, sat up in tbo collln, fisfaedi a matoh out of my vest pocket and. took a, . look around. I recognised the place by the inscriptions -to the memories of my first three! wives and u maiden aunt, and it made mo1 foci aort of blue to think bow near I had come to being reunited with the whole gang at one lick. j " You can imagine how n man would foelj to find himself stowed away on tho topsbolf af a tomb iu such company and rca'd his own' , epitath- on tho plate by the light of a brirnJ stone mntcli. I felt in my coat-tail pockei, arid found a flask of.-bra'vmWeh.atiflire'fi- . — that tho undertaker was a" man of h"is worr arid partially restored my confidence ' irij human nntdre. I wns powerfully relieved! to find that I was not yet in Heaven with! my sainted late female relatives,, and .with devout gratitude I emptied tbo flask and re-l turned thanks to a merciful 1'rovidqnccri vowing that I-wojuld -make a total wreek qff Pilbolus ns soon as , ever I should get out; I felt sorry,' though, that I .hadn't told the', undertaker to fill in-thc chinks between myl remains nnd tlio coffin with sandwiches.1 Then! climbed down, after rippingthe coffin1 plate off and putting it in my pocket as evi-1 dence. I noticed that- 1 was in my stocking, feet, and that the old woman had put on thoi remains a pair of base all worn out. nt tho' heels. I s'posa she thought because tlio lieelsof tho into lamented were down when- liis toes were turned up tljat tbe Hptcal wouldn't bo noticed. That's the kind of a1 woman sho is. i found the telephone, rang up tlio of fico and told 'cm to send the sexton to let me out. Then I says, ' Ilello, Oeijtral.' 4HeUo,' says -Central, " Connect tbe late Josiah Bjdfiish, tomb 30, with bis widow, No. 1001,", says I. Uncle .Tosiah did not mean that he bad gone Solomon one better ; tbe number of his tolophono wns 1001. "Tho line was switched on, arid I was just going to send a doleful Bound from tho tbmb to comfort my sorrowing-family and save 'em .the trouble of.going .to a medium to find' out- how I was enjoying the climate of tho sweet by-and-by when I thought Xbeard afamiiiai' . voice, finishing a spray of withered smilax from my, left car I listened and heard Deacon Sliderbnck sny as. plain ns eonld bo : "The Lord givcth nridtho Lord tnkcth away, Slst'cr Bedlish, and everything for tho heat." .She nilowcd-it was, and I couldn't detect any. : thing but thecheerfulicst kind of resignation in her voico. Then the Deacon said : 4 Brother Josiah had bia faults, Sister Bod. ' fish." Then I heard her aav that nhn ihnnM smile, and I thought the hilarity was a little previous. 44 1 suppose it wns drink that : ' icilled him,' said the -Deacon, and Bbo allowed i t was, and went on with a whole lot of stuff, winding up with': " Thank goodness thera won'fbeny more pink snakes with blue tails in those shoes over thero by the corner.1 "I stopped to finish what there wns id - \ the bottom of the flask, and then I heard the ' Deacon say : 'Now that tho snakes havo' been driven from thoso shoes, Sister Bodfish, !. may I hopo to , step into them sopioday'!'' Nico way of proposing, that was. Well, that settled tt. 1 just groaned through, the tele- . phone like nn insulted ghost. Tho sextoni ' came along 'then n-ndlet me .out, end. I. lij, out for homo on tho jump. When I walked) into the parlor where tbo gas wns burrilpS' low, dressed up. in my b.cst black coat, split' up tho back by tb&man; who laid me out, and tossed that coffin plate into tbe old woman's h-- ' lap, right where thedeacon-could readit;yb« bet there was a circus. Some folks mlght| : . call it a disturbance of the. -peace. ;I put. on ' those, shoes nnd introduced tbe deacon-to 'em V- ' snakes arid all. That's what tbe lawsuit, ia. . about. I'm going to lick' blazes out of . PH.i-j i' '. boius'wjicn I see .him, and I s'posri ' that'll '' ;Y make mors lawing for. . me. But I'll ; 'net'JjDiv1? / ' divoree and -ri patent on my promotureuuri#"-: > .' outlit, andMhen I guess I'll bo sqriaie." ; Grocer:'"! find your son bright and £ / enerfcetio enough; but I'm afraid that he'arfVs,' k. hardly adaptcil.to the grocery business," --q VVv..' FAtheb of the Boy :'".Whatsooms to b« the trouble?" .. V' Grocer : " Why, the first thing be did WM1"'' ;R! ; to begin' picking tho.dead flies out of dried currants." Policeman (in citizen's 'dress to brother!'" -';/! officer in bar Suqdajr morning) : " It's whisky, Denis, and we've got. the waiter dead td'' rights, Shall I arrest him now ?" -- Dekis Noilet's-havitafow moredrlnkjl ' 1 ThBj&aroalriviteEfitiie; aoeto'r toEo tfrirl ing. The horse runs away, and the doefntAJ - .' "4 badly hurt. "Why didn't you tell mo vouS '\ horse was skittish ? Had I known there wS danger, I would not havo come'." i The nAROS.1— " I never took out that hnriml - without some incident Imppuninp; tlmtM clonii""'011 Wliy 1 alw3J',i tnko 8 ' '' ! If r.:. i 