THE NEW YEAR. Commencing the New Year, the thought that most prominently sug gests itself is that daring the year which has just closed, we have not ex perienced that revival of industrial and commercial activity and prosperity which we were sanguine enough to anticipate twelve months ago. Nor has the financial position of the State shown those evidences ' of recovery which were hoped for. Bub that there has been an improvement is fortunately beyond dispute, and we may con fidently look forward to a still further improvement during the twelve months upon which we are this day entering. We shall assist the improvement by recognising that the duty is upon us of making effective provision to stop the financial drift which has now been continuous for the past five years, and which certainly has not been checked to the extent desired by the stringent measures of retrenchment which have perforce been resorted to ; and by re membering that if increased taxation is not to be pleasantly regarded at the beginning of the year, there is a still less agreeable prospect to be con templated as the alternative. It is this reflection which we may count upon as likely to exercise a powerful influence upon members of the Upper House when they come to deal with the exceptional measures which they will perforce have to turn to, now that the holidays are over; just as it is this reflection that has induced so many to look upon the measures as correctives to be accepted and submit ted to until the necessity for tlieui has been removed by other means of rais ing the amount which the necessities of the State demand. We are all alive to the fact that the existing gap between rovenueand expenditure must beclosed; that we cannot close it with advantage to ourselves by any further cutting down of the annual outlay, and that to resort again to the borrowing process is not merely unsound in principle but dangerous in practise, and only cal culated to bring greater trouble in the future. We may accept the financial conditions which are before us all the more readily because we have con clusive evidence that there is a more satisfactory future before our leading natural industries than we have been able to count upon for some years past. Activity in mining is still increasing, and with fairly encouraging results. It is coming to be understood that we have still large areas in the colony which are virtually untested, and that upon the older fields capital and enter prise alone are needed to ensure largely increased yields. There is, indeed, good warrant for the belief that we have reached our minimum yield of gold, at all events for some years to come, and that the mining revival will be steadily if not largely progressive with results that cannot be other than greatly beneficial to the country. Nor is this expectation applicable to gold mining alone. The development of our coal measures has been halting altogether too long ; but the evidence is stronger now than ever it was that they are of a character and extent which justify vigorous action ; aud we should be able to put aside- all doubt that of the 3000 square miles of terri tory in Gippsland and the Oape Ofcway Forest, over which valuable deposits of coal are known to exist, many of the areas will be worked; and that the working will operate as au encourage ment to those who believe that in other portions of the colony, more particularly to the westward, we have extensive coal seams which are capable of adding very largely, both directly and indirectly to our wealth. Nor is UUULB leas leuauii tu uc UUULUI a»a regards the agricultural industry. Last season, we had 185,000 tons of wheat available for export. Consequent upon the low prices prevailing there lias been a tendency to regard wheat with disfavor in many parts of the colony ; but the area of cultivation has very largely increased in those districts of which wheat is the princi pal crop ; and the probabilities are that this season we shall have a larger surplus for export than we have ever had. We are a long way yet from the discovery of the surest way oE making the wheat export trade fully profit able ; but considering that Great Bri tain alone requires 150,000,000 bushels of foreign wheat in a single year, there is no fear of a market not being available for any surplus that we raise. Nor is it alone in wheat that those dependent upon agriculture may rely upon a steady and profitable market at the other end of the world. It was significant that for our last issue of the old year our Melbourne correspon dent telegraped particulars of two ex ceptionally large shipments of butter. The outgoing mail steamer on Satur day took no less than 660 tons of Victorianbutter whilst another steamer sailing the same day took 400 tons; both vessels having in addition large cargoes of cattle, alive and in carcase, as well as other products more or less intimately connected with agriculture. It may be said, indeed, as regards agri culture, that we commenced the New Year with the certain knowledge that altogether irrespective of our own re quirements there is room for an increase of production to an extent which is prac tically unlimited. A few years ago, it was estimated that we might estab lish an export trade in butter which would . increase the income of our farmers to the extent! of £100,000 a year. We are now beginning to understand that this estimate — looked upon as extravagant at the time — was ridiculously .below the mark ; and that in addition to this line we may export largely and profitably in a score of' others. We may do this, and at the same time we may largely diminish the necessity for imports, by turning at tention to -branches of agriculture which are as yet almost absolutely un tried. If- fruit culture, with all its consequent industries, has not yet been the - success that was predicted, the failure has been of a nature rather to stimulate continued and increased ex ertion than to induce discouragement. In viticulture there ought to be room for nothing but hope and confidence. Perhaps there is no great scope at pre sent for an expansion of the purely manufacturing - industries, many of which .are suffering more from the un due stimulus of the protective system than. from any natural cause; but even as to these we may do much to bring them into a condition of prosperous stability if we have the courage to rely upon their merits, and cease to depend upon fiscal leading strings. We may help ourselves in this department by remembering how vastly we have been helped by nature, and by remembering also that wherein we have so far failed has been the endeavor to improve upon nature and natural laws. The re minder will no doubt be ready that when we have given careful heed to these and other considerations of a material character, there are others of even graver import — others even more appropriate to the entrance of another stage upon the road of Time. But these will readily suggest themselves to the minds of all who are in any way likely to be reached by words of ours, and there is no need therefore for us to make the suggestion — all the less need in a community which has never shewn itself unmindful of the higher duties and obligations of life. Our purpose upon such a day as this is not even to enter upon a lengthy review of the twelve months which we have just broughb to a close or to speculate exhaustively upon the prospects of the term that is before us. It is of a far more circumscribed char acter. Some good will have been done if the conviction is brought home to those who are disposed to unduly tinge their retrospect with? the hues of dis appointment that the old year has been far other than a complete failure; that, if the progress made therein has been less than we had hoped for at the beginning, some progress|has still been made; and that we are further for ward than we were. It is for us to bethink ourselves how much greater the progress might have been but for errors which might have been avoided ; and bub for lack of intelligent effort which might have been made; to study these points carefully with the de termination of turning them profitably to account during the New Year which has commenced. The Chinese at the Carnival.— There is no question that the part taken by the Chinese in the Beechworth Charities' Carnival constituted one of its chief at tractions contributed in a very marked de gree to its success. Tho heartiness with which the Chinese entered into the move ment is worthy of all pr-aise. Not con tent with giving a merely personal assis tance they incurred very considerable ex pense in obtaining costumes, trappings, banners, and the other paraphernalia which enabled them to make such a strik ing display in the procession and on the grounds, and altogether their liberality is deserving of cordial recognition on the part of their European fellow citizens It is satisfactory to know that their efforts were financially successful. Mr R. War ren, the hon. treasurer, has received from the Chinese committee, the very liberal contribution of £27 accompanied by the following note : " We have much pleasure in handing over to you the sum of £27 being the amount taken by us at our show and regret that it is not a great deal more. We would request that the sum be equally divided between' the Hospital and the Asylum — £13 10s to each. We are, &c.;, Nam Shixc, Ah Soon, WyKeb, Ah Sing, Quack Sing, for the Committee." We can only repeat that whilst the Carnival Committee are deeply grateful for the liberal and hearty co- operation of the Chinese, the public generally regard with the greatest satisfaction the good feeling displayed by their Asiatic fellow colonists. The Carnival Committee felt bound to make more than a merely formal acknowledgement, and on Monday after noon, Mr Stevens, the president, Mr Warren, hon, treasurer, and Mr Durham interviewed Nam Shing and desired him to convey the warm thanks of the com mittee to his fellow countrymen. Mr Stevens said he was sure their conduct would strengthen the good feeling that had so long existed, and expressed a hope that the Chinese will always be as ready as they had hitherto proved themselves to be to further the cause of charity. Nam Shing was evidently gratified with this mark of the committees' appreciation and assured the gentlemen who waited upon him that his countrymen might al ways be relied upon to do their best to aid the public charities of the town so long as they were conducted in that broad and liberal minded spirit which had hitherto characterised them. The Phonograph at the Hospital. — During the past week the patients of the Orp.ns District: ffosnitn.1 have raneiverl. directly and indirectly, many proofs of the benevolent and philanthropic disposition of the general public of this district. When it was made known that any of the patients who were convalescent could go out on Boxing-Day to witness the proces sion in connection with the Charities Car nival, many of the invalided ones gladly availed themselves of the opportunity. But as it is known there are a few who could not leave tbc wards of the institu tion, as they are very had. To meet this, and in order to give all the inmates a genuine treat, Mr Dawes very kindly volunteer -d to bring his phonograph, and give an exposi'ion of the wonders of this marvellous piece of mechanism. At 3 o'clock on the afternoon of Satnrday the accident ward of the Beechworth Hos pital presented a different spectacle to what is usually found there. The long tables at which the inmates dine were put aside, and several rows of chairs and forms took their place, on which were seated the greater number of the patients, while some lay in their beds. Mr .lames Ingram introduced, in a few well-chosen words, Mr Dawes, who gave a short, pithy account of what may justly bo termed — "The mot wonderful invention of the century — the phonograph." The hearers were delighted at the various pieces spo ken through the machine, notably Mr Gladstone's address to Lord Carrington, and the Hon. John A. Wallace's message to the aged and infirm in the Beechworth Asylum. The rendering of several comie songs, and a full orchestra rehearsal, to gether with a cornet solo by Levy, were heard to great advantage. Mr Dawes then gave, in admirable style, a recitation en titled, " Father Phil," on the completion of which he was lustily cheered, and the entertainment was brought to a closo by a song — " Two Little Girls in Blue.'' At the request of the patients, Mr Pilson thanked Mr Dawes for his great kindness in giving the entertainment, which was highly appreciated, and wished Mr Dawes a bright, happy and prosperous New Year. Oarltle Proprietary, Rutherglen. — An extraordinary meeting was held on Friday at the offices of Messrs Meudcll and Cameron, Melbourne. Mr 0. J. Bird in the chair, A resolution wa3 passed that the company be voluntarily wound up with tho object or forming a new com pany for the purpose of working the leases. Several of tho shareholders expressed- their confidence in the future of the mine. ;A Beechworth Schoolmaster.— The many friends in Beechworth of Mr Golds- worthy, formerly principal of the Beech worth Grammar School, will -rejoice ' to learn, that he is still carrying on the work of tuition, and doing so successfully. Mr Goldsworthy is at present principal of the Waverly Grammar School at Bondi, near Sydney, and in a recent issue of the " Sydney Morning Herald" an account is given of the distribution of prizes pre paratory to the Christmas holidays. This was done by the Rev. Mr Best, who spoke in very high terras of the manner in which the school had been conducted by Mr Goldsworthy, of the satisfactory progress made by the boys, and uf the good feeling existing between master and pupils. As proof of the latter, the hoys before being dismissed for their holidays presented Mr Goldsworthy with a handsome oak biscuit barrel and butterdish, beautifully mounted and suitably inscribed, for which he made acknowledgment in appropriate terms. It was Mr Goldsworthy's intention on leav- ing Beechworth to relinquish the work of education, but his heart is evidently in it, and there are none who know liim who will not be glad to find that his abilities are meeting with proper appreciation. Bowman's Forest. — Our correspondent writes : — Biddington has pumped out the water from his shaft on the Blue Lead Kuecbone's Gully, and is now busy at work raising dirt. E. Jessop and Lewis have crushed at Biddington's mill 15 tons of stone for a return of 191oz smelted gold. " Accident. — An old man, named Wil liam Wilson, aged 76, of Melbonrne, was knocked down by a liorse and buggy in Stiirt-street-, Ballarat on Friday night and sustained injuries to his head, which necessitated his removal to the hospital. New Year Greetings.— We acknow ledge receipt of tastefully printed Christ mas and New Year Greetings from Mr W. G. Hutton, of Kirk's Bazaar, Mel bourne, and from the proprietors of the " Orneo Standard" and the "'Alpine Observer" Bright. Myrtleford Market. — Mr R. T. O'Donnell, auctioneer and commission agent, Myrtleford, intimates that he will hold a special sale of fat stock, at his yards, Myrtleford oil Thursday 3rd Jan uary, 1895, at 1 p.m. Mr O'Donnell recently purchased the business carried on in Myrtleford by Messrs Chenery and Co. (of Albnry), aud will in future carry on operations alone. He will hold regular, sales of fat and store stock in future, and trusts to secure the support of residents of the whole district. An Old Beechworthian.— Residents of Beechworth will remember Mr J. Arundel whose father for many years occupied the ofliical position in connection with the court. Young Mr Arundel obtained an appointment in the post office, and after being in different portions of this district, received the appointment of postmaster at Warragul in Gippsland. Wo notice that from Warragul, Mr Arundel is about to be transferred to Collingivood, to the great regret of the people amongst whom he has been resi dent. The " Warragul Guardian" writing of the transfer says : — " For the past four or five years the local office has been under vl r Arundel's control, and during the whole of that time he has exhibited such a courteous spirit and manifest desire to oblige the public that the entire com munity will be loth indeed to lose him. He has had no predecessor who has given such general satisfaction, aud it is almost too much to expect that his successor will attain a similar standard. He has always combined marked civility with a rigid discharge of duty, and though invariably insisting on the regulations of the depart ment being strictly adhered to, he has achieved this end without appearing arbitary and giving unnecessary offence to those with whom he has had official tran sactions. Few country officers, in fact, are better managed than the one under notice, and not one can boast of a post master who enjoys a largest measure of popular esteem. Ju his private capacity he has likewise won the regard of all who knew hiiu," Death or a Pioneer. — Mr Henry Dobinson, seniir, one of tho oldest resi dents of the Upper Murray died at his residence, Pine Mount, Cudgewa, on Friday. He was 78 years old, and leaves a wife and family of grown up sons, who are well provided for. The deceased gentleman was a large landed proprietor, and one of his sons is chairman of the local bench of honorary magistrates. A.N. A. Fete and Art-union. — The metropolitan committee of the Australian Natives' Association intend holding their sixth grand national fete and art-union on January 26th, 1895, the national holiday which commemorates the foundation of the Australian colonies, at the Melbourne Exhibirion Building. The enterprise shown by the promoters on previous occa sions, and the enormous public patronage which has been accorded these popular celebrations, lias induced a still more attractive programme to be presented, and, aB will be seen by the published an nouncements, every temptation is offered, not only to those who may be able to attend, but to others at a distance,, to participate in a chance for the valuable prizes. Of these there are about 120, of the total value of £1000. The first prize is especially attractive, being a handsome dwelling, with freehold land, valued at £350, or the lucky holder of the winning ticket, if inclined to take a trip round the world, may invest in a tourist's ticket to the same amount. The successive prizes are a horse and carriage valued at £100, or a farm, or jewellery ; a £50 piano, or furniture to the same value ; a Promier bicycle, gold watch, Singer sewing ma chine, case of dessert knives and forks, and 117 oclier valuable and useful prizes. The purchaser of a Is ticket is entitled to a ctiance in tnese, in audition to admission to the building and grounds, where an extensive programme of athletic sports and bicycle races has bean arranged. A great variety of other attractions will be provided, with the enlivenmenb of first- class music, and at night the whole will be brilliantly irradiated with the electric light. For the accommodation of intend ing visitors, excursion trains at very low rates will run from all the principal towns in the colony, including Beechworth, and all towns on the North-Eastern line. An additional incentive to a pleasant day's excursion is that the net proceeds will be apportioned among the various charitable institutions in Yictoria, among which is included the Ovens District Hospital. In aid of so worthy an object it is confidently anticipated that the tickets will speedily be disposed of, and those wishing to take a chance in tho art-union are advised to purchase their tickets without delay. These can be obtained from Mr Henry G. Durham, secretary of the hospital, and most of the business places in the town. The Electoral Rolls. — Tho electoral rolls fur the year 1894-5 have been pre pared, and show a considerable increase in the number of electoral rights issued in each district as compared with the list for 1893-4. Complete returns are not yet available for Beuambra, Benalla, -Yarra- wouga, Wangaratta and Rutherglen. So far, as the information is to hand, the comparative statement is as follows, the first figures in each case indicating the number at present on the rolls by virtue of manhood suffrage, and the second, the number entitled to vote at the last general- election : — Bogong, 431-234 ; Benam.br «, 150-113 ; , Benalla and Yarra wonga, 818- 777; Delatite, 171-65 ; Ovens; 280:150; Sliepparton and Enroa, 224-156; Wanga ratta and Rutherglen, 299-254. : Crowded Out.— We regret that owing to the pressure upon our space, we are unable in the present issue, to publish the startling- ghost Btory- written by our versatile contributor Billy Nutts, but which will appear without : fail in our edition of next Saturday. Junior Cricket. — The Beechwortlj juniors journeyed to Wangaratta by'early train this morning to play a mateli with the Wangaratta juniors. The local team consists of Allen (2), Oats, Oke, Impey, Clemens, . Bar wick, Main, Pattison,' Ah Yew and Eagjcton ; emergencies, Tnrnep and Beatty, New Year's Eve. — The approach of the New Year was last night celebrated in Beechworth in the'usual manner. Dur ing the evening the shops for the sale; of fancy goods remained open till a late hour and did a fair business,' the rising genera tion being the principal' and most inte rested customers. 'As the hour of mid night approached the Beechworth Brass Band assembled at the intersection of Ford and Camp-street, a largo number of persons being attracted thereby, among whom were a fair proportion of the gentler sex, with a sprinkling of children. Just before the solemn hour the band- commenced; with the plaintive strains of "AuldLang Syne," increasing in time and energy as : the fateful twelve stroke3: sounded from, the Post Office tower. Three rousing cheers, and then the band burst forth in a triumphant march, as if herald ing the advent of the new-born year. Other selections followed, concluding with the National Anthem, and with another round of vociferous cheers the assemblage dispersed, although tlie sounds of vocal choruses from various directions showed that sundry groups of revellers were still anxious to celebrate the coming of another year. But these r noisy .demonstrations soon ceased, the streets resumed their wonted midnight stillness, and nothing remaiued to show that this ever-whirling planet had completed another revolution through space around its solar luminary. Mining Intelligence. — Australian tin is quoted at £62 per ton in London. Mr ELedley, manager of the Pioneer Hydrau lic Company, Mitta has taken down to Melbourne 264 oz of gold, being the Christmas wash-up. The amount stated represents two months' work. Mr Robert son, formely shire engineer at Bruthen, writes from Coolgardie that the Glen Wills gold6eld is as much talked of there as Coolgardie is over here. Heroic Conduct.— A fine gold Maltese Cros3, the manufacture of Mr Barclay, of Murphy-street, Wangaratta, is on view in his shop bearing the fullo ing inscription : — "Presented to F. M'Mahon, by W. F. Halligan, for rescuing his son Willie from drowning, December, 13th, 1894, Wangaratta." This will be shortly pre sented to Master F. M'Mahon and silver medals to Masters F. O'Grady and A. Sand ford, who also went into the water and did their utmost to recover the boy who had disappeared. Numbers have stopped to admire the medals since they have been on show, and Master M'Mahon's brave conduct will no doubt have tho effect of encouraging others to follow his example should occasion arise. Watch Night Service. — At the Beech worth Wcsleyan Church on New Year's ISve, the customary Watch Night Services were held and were well attended. The devotional exercises appropriate to the oc casion were engaged in till after midnight, when the Benediction was pronounced and the assemblage was dismissed with the consciousness that a worthy com mencement had been made of the Now Year. A- Deserving Winner.— It is not often that wo hear of fortunate winners of motley in lottery transactions making worthy use of their good fortune, and it is pleasant wheujan example of this kind does come to light. Mr J. B. Barry, a native of the Woolshed, was a holder of a one-sixth share in the ticket which won the chief prize in Tattersall's Sweep re cently drawn at Brisbane, and received as his proportion the very acceptable sum of £650. Of this amount Mr Barry at once made a present of £250 to his parents. The balance lie deposited in the bank to bis own credit, and there are few who know him who will not heartily wish that it will be the means of permanently bene fitting him. Death from Paralysis. — A China man named Ah Youn, was brought to the Wangaratta Hospital from Hodi, by Mr Bookless and Constable Robinson. The unfortunate man was found lying in a paddock not far from the Chinese Camp at Hedi, and it was thought that he was suffering from sun stroke ; but when examined at the hospital it was found that he was suffering from paralysis. He re mained in an unconscious state for three days and then died. Wandiligong and Bright Wesley an Circuit. — A sale of gifts arranged for by a number of ladies, adherents of the denomination, in aid of the circuit funds of the Wandiligong and Bright Wesleyan Church was held at the M.U. Hall, Wan diligong, and exten-led over two evenings. Proceedings were enlivened by the mem bers of the Wandiligong Brass Bawl, who played selections at intervals each evening, and songs, recitations, &c.;, by various ladies and gentlemen also tended to make the sale room attractive and the time to pass agreeably. A large assortment of articles, both useful and ornamental, were temptingly displayed on the stalls, which were in charge of Mesdatnes Toit, Symes, Snoll, and Grenness and Misses Grenness (2), White, Bollins, Gillard, Jones, Grib- ble, Rowe and others, and such a bevy of i matronly grace and youthfnl beauty it will readily be conceded wa3 quite successful in effecting sales for the replenishment of the depleted church coffers. — Considering that the preparations for the sale of gifts were only in hand but a very short time, and that only two evenings were devoted to the disposal of the goods, the amount realised, £40, must be regarded as a very atisfactory result-. TnE Charities Carnival.— In our lengthy report of the proceedings at this highly successfnl celebration, some names of parties were necessarily overlooked, an omission which we take this opportunity to remedy. Among these, special mention is due to the following gentlemen, to whose efforts as members of the Beech worth Minstrel Troupe a considerable addition to the day's receipts is due : — iuc9slo t# luulllsull, luiirjriuguuur i.v. Culph, bones; C. Prater, tambo ; A. MeD. Morrison, pianist, and Messrs P. Spencer, C. Johnson, Darcy Graham, J. Ward, Mcintosh and Coswello. Also to Mr R. Harper who officiated at the gate during the whole of tho day. We shall be pleased to rectify any further omissions of which we may be informed. 