A NOVEL OF A NGLO-AUSTRALIAN LIFE. -By MRS. CAMPBELL PRAED, _ Authoress of "An Australian Heroine,' "Policy and Passion," "Nadine," "Miss Jacobsen's Chance," " Arina," "The Romance of a Station," and (in conjunction with Mr. Justin McCarthy) "The Right Honorable/' " The Ladies' Gallery," &c.;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XVI.—"You Ought Not to Have Said That." But the interlude must have an end at lost. Genests had heen a week at Mount Wombo, and Glare wa3 on the fair way to recovery. Tlie fever attacks had become less and less. and the ,days .of respite now only a dreamy " pleasure. She spent them mostly on a ham mock in the upper verandah. ' The passion creeper, a native cucumber, made a shade from the sun, and threw wavering reflections upon the boards. The scent of some untimely sandalwood blossoms floated up from the en closure. There had been a storm somewhere—over Lake Eungella probably, for alas! it had not travelled to the plains, which were brown and bare, while tlie cattle were bogging in the fast drying waterholes and dying of thirst, and want of grass. But the distant storm had at least cooled the air a little, and there was a faint breeze, which made the mosquitoes cling to the ceilings. Clare Tregaskiss in her china silk tea gown, with her delicate refined face, her creamy skin and deep brown eyes which had yellow fights, looked herself not unlike a langorous tropical flower. She had a piece of needlework in her hand, hut made very few stitches. Geneste sat_ beside her. He had been down to tho Chinaman's garden, and was preparing a granadilla, while King stood by, the two dolls unched under lier arm, watching the opera tion with deep interest. The baby lying on a mat at the other end of the verandah was crowing up to Claribel, who made blacks' noises for its amusement, Lona, the other half caste, and her piccaninny down below joining in every now and then with aguttural " Yueke! My word, thatbudgery fellow." The sun was getting near its setting. In tho storm quarter a low ridge of clouds was rising. The straight black gidia trunks cast heavy shadows, and their silvery grey foliage had a livid look. The usual group of horses bad gathered round the smoking rubbish heap, and the milkers, a scanty herd in these dry times, were being driven up to the yard. Presently there was a sound of a stockwhip ■ cracking, and a long '' Coo-ee," and then Tommy G eorge, . leadihg.a packhorse, appeared jogging through one of the gidia clearings. He .called out something to Lona, who took, up the story. "My word, missus, mine think it massa come aiong directly." Clare half rose. She had turned very pale. Her low exclamation had in it a sound of dread. Geneste did not stop 'his scooping of the granadilla. He sugared the 'dainty mess and put it before her. "Keithis coming," she said. "Yes, lie still. I won't have you getting up to meet him. Besides he is not here yet. I'll go and ask Tommy George." He went out. When he had gone out Clare sank hack again, and a patch of red rose in each'-of her cheeks. She called King to her and gave her the granadilla. "Here, child, I don't want it." King took the fruit and ateit slowly, watch ing her mother all the while with solemn inqnisitiveness. "Mummy no glad that daddy is coining back !" she said. ' "Oh, you eruel little wretch !" Clare cried passionately. "What makes you say such things ?" King stared still more. Such ebullitions • in her mother were rare. ■"Mine plenty glad daddy come back," she said with stolid contentment. "What for mummy not glad?" " Oh go away," cried Glare. " Go and play with Claribel. Go all'of you and meet daddy down by the crossingand King departed, her solemn gaze haunting her mother, after she had disappeared, like.an accusing ghost. After a little while Geneste returned.' " He will notbe here just yet: Tommy George left him at the Bore and pushed on to tell you. Well, I'm glad I shall see Tregaskiss before I leave. I was meaning to go back to Dara to-morrow." She said not a word. When-lie looked at her, he saw that her cliest was heaving slightly, and 'her eyes bright with restrained tears. " Glare," he said softly, putting out liis hand and touching hers as it lay on the edge of tho hammock. "Don't fret. Things aren't worth it." "You don't understand," she answered huskily. " Yes I do—utterly, better perhaps than you laiowl But you can't alter facts or tem peraments. You cannot make a fine steel instrument do the work of a fencer's auger. All you can' do is to harden yourself, autl to accept life as it is. If you are disappointed at not finding, sympathy where yon have a right to look for it, take your right also to accept it from elsewhere. Harden yourself to the inevitable." "Haven't I been doing that for 10 years ?" " Outwardly, yes; hut within there have been ravening wolves. • Oh, I know it. is all very - well to give adyice. It's like saying there is no hurt when one is racked with pain. , Do you suppose my heart hasn't bled for you these'days ? God knows I'd give the best part of my life if I could only make things different for you." " Don't—don't," she gasped, hysterically. " I can't bear it. You couldn't imagine what | it is to live always like that'. It seems worse when one has been free for a little while." "Yes—yes. Indeed I know." "I can stand it better after it has gone on day by day for months. But when it conies fresh—the smell of brandy ! I. hate him to kiss me. And then he gets angry."' She stopped and turned away her face. "Oh I know—it is horrible." A thought struck liini. "Tellme—his temper is bad at times. Has lie ever—is he ever violent to you?" "Violent?" "I mean has he ever ill-used you—struck you ?. That kind of thing ?" "Ko, not personal violence. He has been rough, hut lie is sorry afterwards. Why do you ask?" "I was wondering if that were a question. You know there are causes for which tho law gives an ill-used wife her freedom." " I know. But there could be no question of that. Don't speak of it." They were both silent. The words tliey had spoken to each other marked an immense leap in their intimacy. They had_ before discussed Tregaslciss's increasing habit of inebriety, which month by month, week by week, had in the last two years gained a stronger hold on him. "I have done all I can,"she said. "Ihave begged, implored, reasoned—everything. But it doesn't seem to he of the'least use, and I think my speaking of it at times makes him almost fiate me. Then there is something'I learned not very long ago—quite by accident— he had always kept it from me. His. father died of drink. I believe that a curse of that kind is often hereditary. I wish'I didn't; it make3 me"—she lowered her_ voice, and her pained eyes glanced towards him for amoment —"it makes me frightened for tlie children. I dread their coining—I.prayed so that this might ho a boy, aucl like me. Life is always liardcr~for women. Oh !" she went on pas sionately, 44 such things shouldn't be allowed. Marriage is awful—it's wicked—when it's a marriage like mine." " I entirely agree with you. But yon must not distress yourself about the idea of heredi tary tendency. You have told me of the slight sunstroke he had. That often causes a want of self-control. I wish you could per suade him that he is not well, and get him to consult me. I might he able to do something, for the moment, at any rate, to make things easier for you." "He is so strong; he glories m his strength. It would be difficult to persuade him. It isu't fair to trouble you so," she exclaimed. 44 Why should you worry about me and mine "Because I love you," he answered with perfect calmness, not moving in the least towards her, or touching her hand again, only looking at her full with a sudden lightening and glowing of his eyes. She met the look, her own eyc3 deepening and held by his as though she was succumbing : to some mesmeric force. It was a long gaze, and he read in it all he wanted to know. Presently she drew herself back - with a slight shudder. ., , TT "You ought not to have said that. You must never say it again." " I will not," lie answered. "I will never say it till you tell me that I may. But I wanted vou to know it. I wanted you to understand that there is nothing you could ask of me—nothing which it would not be a joy • and a privilege to me to do." He got up and walked to the verandah rail ing without another word. There lie stood for several minutes looking out upon the plain. 4' I see your husband coming," he said. " I will go out and meet him and explain your ill ness to him and why I am here." His self-possession gave her confidence, and his silence appealed to her as no words could have done. Her own pulses were tingling, and lier heart seemed to leap and throb in an ajrony of happiness. It was so terrible this tiling which had befallen her, but it was heavenly sweet. 41 Oh, I do lovoliim," she said in a whisper to herself. 411 do love him, with all lhy soul." . " The revelation had come upon her with a shock, and yet with a sense of half conscious foreknowledge. It -was all clear'now, and sha understood tho power this man had exercised over her from tho very first, Looking Lack it seemed to her that she had loved him from the moment in which she had opened her eyes from her swoon in tho inn at Cedar Hill and had seen the strong-lined face with its'eagle look and piercing gaze bent over her. She knew now what had made her speak out to him about herself as she had never spoken to any other human being, understood now her vague jealousy of Helen Cusack, knew why the burden of her marriage and her mother hood had of late seemed more intolerable. It was only nature speaking, and nature's eternal and unconquerable law defying the creed Jof con ventions. The truth flashed upon her in a moment. The quiet masterfulness of his abrupt composed declaration had given her no time for, analysis, self-reproach, or indignation. He had not even asked her if she loved him. He had demanded nothing in return form's love. He had only told her of it that she might not scruple to make use of him in any way that she pleased. There was nothing to make her alarmed or angry; nothing which did not cause him to stand out in her imagination . as a very knight of chivalry. Angry with him! When he had brought and laid at her feet that which all her life she had held as almost too sacred for common earth—that which she and Gladys had so mistakenly renounced as an ideal impossible of realisation. Though she had bidden him never speak those words again they would mako music in her heart for evermore. "I love you—I love you." She was essentially a pure woman, notwith standing the struggles in her of latent capacity for passion. The thought of unfaithfulness to her husband did not occur to her—unfaithful ness in the material sense; • of spiritual in fidelity there could be none, for the spiritual bond had never existed. As she lay hack in her hammock, bathed in this stream of beatitude which flowed over her whole being, she forgot everything but tlieone blessed and glorious fact that had come into her life and transfigured "it. She forgot that her bondage was still upon her, that uer bus band would be with her in a few moments, and that his children and her's were welcoming him home. The sun was setting. The storm clouds had spread, higher and looked lurid from the red reflection. King's voice sounded below, then Tregaskiss's sliout, "Hidio, piccaninny f'and with it Clare awakened to reality. She got out of the hammock and was stand ing uncertainly, flushed and agitated, when her husband's heavy step sounded on the verandah stair and presently he was beside her. Geueste had remained below. "Well, Clare," he said, "how are you? Geneste tells me you've had a touch of fever. I don't believe there can have been much tho matter. By jove, you have got quite a color. I never saw you looking better." (To be continued.) 