THE ANNUAL ADDRESS OF THE CONFERENCE TO THE WESLEYAN METHODIST CHURCH OF NEW SOUTH WALES AND POLYNESIA. Dearly beloved brethren, — 'Grace be unto you, and peace from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.' Assembled in our Annual Conference, it is again our privilege and duty to address you on those matters which are of common interest to us all, as relating, both to the condition and progress of our Church, and to those things which so vitally affect us as Christians and as citizens in this land in which we live and labour. During the past year the ranks of our active ministry have been entered by the great reaper, Death, and one of our most energetic and useful brethren has been called home to his reward. Bro. G. R. Glasson rendered ungrudging and beneficial service to our Church for over 20 years, in some of our most remote and extensive circuits, and ever manifested a keen and intelligent interest in all our Con nexional affairs. We regret that during this Conference we have been compelled to sanction the permanent retirement of one who has long held a leading place amongst us, viz., Rev. George Martin. As a faithful expositor of Biblical truth, and an eloquent defender of the Christian Faith, he has rendered in valuable service to our Church and the cause of Christianity ; and our fervent prayer and hope are that he maybe spared for many years to use his voice and pen for the edification of our people, and the culture of our rising ministry. One of the noteworthy incidents of our Pastoral Sessions this year has been the request from the Rev. F. Langham that he should be permitted to retire from the mission work in Fiji. Mr. Langham has laboured in Fiji for the long space of thirty-seven years, which is not only unprecedented in the history of our Fijian Mission, but also, we believe, of any heathen mission in connection with the Methodist Church. During this lengthened period of service he has witnessed vast and beneficial changes in the political, social, moral, and religious condition of the Fijian people, and has himself been an important instrument in the great reformation which has taken place. Since we last assembled, the seventh General Conference of the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Church has been ?held Various causes conduced to make this Conference one of the most critical and important ever held in the history of Australasian Methodism. A considerable amount of business passed under review, and various modifications were made in our laws, in order to bring them into harmony with the spirit and the necessities of the times, and that the work of GoiL. -might be more efficiently carried on throughout these colonies The great debate of the Conference was on 'Methodist Union,' and resulted in agreement as to the basis of union and in the formation of Federal Councils, so that each Con ference has now the power to act for itself in the matter. When we issued our annual address to you last year we ventured to entertain the hope that the cloud of com mercial and agricultural depression, which rested upon this colony, would ere this have been removed. That hope has been realised only in a very small measure. We sympathise with you in this prolonged trial, for your life is one with ours. Let us bend together in submission to that Providence which is ' too wise to err, and too good to be unkind.' The infinite wisdom of the Divine Parent has, doubtless, perceived that nothing less than an extensive and painful course of discipline will effectively teach us those habits of personal self-control and self-denial, that simplicity in domestic life, and prudence and sobriety in the pursuits of commerce, which have been so sadly lacking in the later years of our colonial life. 'Now no chastening for the present seemeth to be joyous but grievous : nevertheless, afterward it yielded the peaceable fruit of righteousness unto them which are exercised thereby.' We venture to indulge and express the hope that this prolonged exercise of the ' chastening rod' will be productive of the highest moral and spiritual results ; that the political channels of our national life will be purified ; and that the principles of truth and righteousness will be permanently exalted. Such benefits cannot be realised by processes of reason and re flection. There must be much prayer for the constant aid of the Holy Spirit. He alone can strengthen us ' with all might, according to His glorious power, unto all patience and long suffering with joyfulness.' It is to us a cause of extreme and painful regret that although we have been passing through a prolonged period of almost unparalleled commercial depression, yet the great giant vices of our modern civilisation seem to flourish as vigorously as ever. Philanthropic and religious institutions have been languishing on every hand because they have been crippled in their financial resources, but drinking, gamb ling, and vicious sports pursue their ruinous work with undiminished vigour. We fear that' by these means not only are vast sums of money diverted from legitimate channels of commerce, but that large amounts should have gone to pay just debts have been dishonestly devoted to those vices. Is it any wonder that there should be so many failures in business, that commercial depression should be so acute, and that the chastening hand of a righteous God should rest so heavily upon us ! We entreat you, brethren, as Christian citizens, to do all that lies in your power not only to dis-countenance these vices in their various forms, but also to restrain their operations and to neutralise their evil influence. If we believe in the teaching of Inspired R'evelation, that ' Righteousness exalteth a nation,' then we must both practise and incul cate those virtues and principles that will make for righteousness, and that will shame and drive these vices from the homes and streets of our land. In these times when periodical literature is increasing by leaps and bounds, and the daily and weekly Press is such an important factor in moulding public opinion, it is essential that as a great Protestant Church we should fulfil the measure of our responsibility, and seek in this way to spread Scriptural holiness throughout the land.- Hence we desire to call your earnest and serious attention to the ex istence of our Connexional organ, The Methodist, and to the importance and necessity of this paper being found in every Methodist home in this colony, for the purpose of culti vating broad, intelligent, and correct views of the work, the responsibilities, and the success of our Church. There must be very few indeed amongst our members and ad herents who cannot afford to purchase such a paper as this once a week ; and believing, as we do, that the larger cir culation of The Methodist would very materially help to neutralise the deleterious elements of the secular press, and be conducive to the welfare of our people and the prosperity of our Church, we very heartily commend it to all Method ists in this colony. The condition and the needs of our Foreign Mission and Sustentation and Extension Societies present a very urgent claim upon your prayerful and generous sympathies.. This has been very forcibly accentuated during the last few weeks by the terrible destruction and destitution caused again by the floods in this colony, and by the fearful hurricane in Fiji. To accomplish the work which these : Societies are constantly called upon to do amongst the . masses of the heathen, and throughout the sparsely popu lated interior of this vast colony, requires an additional income of thousands of pounds. ' The harvest, truly, is great, but the labourers are few'; and in various ways the great Lord of the harvest is appealing to His Church to fulfil her divine mission, and to provide the necessary means by which those who are waiting to be employed in the Master's service may be sent out, ' not only to those who need them, but to those who need them most.' Privileges involve responsibilities, and we, who enjoy the blessings of the Gospel, must remember that ours must be the Christly charity that embraces the most destitute and remote, and that will, if need be, out of the depth of our poverty give evidence that it is no mere empty sentiment that dominates our mind when we sing — 0, that the world might taste and see The riches of his grace ! The arms of love that compass me Would all mankind embrace. ' And He that supplieth seed to the sower and bread for food, shall supply and multiply your seed for sowing, and increase the fruits of your righteousness : ye being enriched in everything unto all liberality, which worketh through us thanksgiving to God.' You will rejoice with us that, during the past year, the operations of our Church have been attended with , a very gracious spiritual success. In our history, periods of commercial depression ? have often been marked by a declension in membership; but, during the past year of acute and intensified suffering and distress, our membership has increased by nearly three hundred. For this we devoutly thank God. But, since these returns were submitted at our District Synods, large numbers have been converted in connection with the Special Mission carried on in this colony by the Rev. Thomas Cook. . You will join with us in adoring the great Head of the Church that He has been pleased to honour the ministry of His servant in every circuit which he has visited. But, as it has been very aptly remarked, ' That Church is the most successful which not only saves most men, but makes the most of the men it saves.' To save the perishing is a ! grave responsibility resting upon tbe Church ; but to shield those whom it has already saved from the perils of the world, to culture their highest spiritual life, and to utilise and direct in the wisest manner, their noblest energies in the service of the Master, and for the good of their fellow men — is a work and responsibility much greater still. There are spheres of usefulness in connec tion with all our Churches, which are eminently adapted to every variety of mental talent and intellectual culture ; and it will be to our advantage to judiciously press these into service wherever possible. A marked and pleas ing feature of our special missions has been the large numbers of young men and women who have given themselves to Christ. In these lie the hope and the strength of our Church and our Land ; and, as it is true ' that the path of duty is the path of safety,' so shall we find that it will both help to sustain the vigour of their spiritual life, and assist the best interests of our Church, to enlist the godly energies of our young people in the service of Christ. We appeal, therefore, to the sympathy and co-operation of the officers and senior members on this matter. Do what you can by example and pre cept to encourage our young men and women to attend our Classes and Prayer Meetings, and to engage in active service for Christ ; and in this way help to put a stop to a very serious leakage in our membership, and pre vent many of the best of our youth from drifting away into other organisations which are not associated with any Branch of the Christian Church. Pre- eminently, brethren, we exhort you to look well to the culture of your own spiritual life. The peril which specially confronts you in such a critical period as this, is the conviction that your temporal interests demand so much of your time and attention that you have but very little, if any, to devote to the advancement of your spiritual life, and to the interests of the Work of God. ' Suffer,' dear brethren, 'the word of exhortation.' We believe that the existence of Methodism in the world, as a distinct Branch of the Christian Church, has a special r^ign in the purposes of Divine Providence. Dr. Krun: jiacher, the celebrated evangelical divine of the Lutheran Church, once described Methodism as 'the angel flying through the midst of heaven, summoning the dead Churches to a new Christian life.' Our sainted founder affirmed that the special mission of Methodism was ' to spread Scriptural holiness throughout the land,' and a very brief survey of our history during the last century and a-half will suffice to show how nobly Methodism has fulfilled her mission in this respect. But as at the present time evangelical teaching and practice are by no means peculiar to the Methodist Church, it would be a sorry spectacle to the Christian world if she should permit herself to be out- stripped in this special purpose of her mission. We plead with you, therefore, brethren, not to allow the press ing claims of your temporal affairs to rob you of the time and the exercises essential for the culture of your soul in ' those things that are spiritual and eternal. Give attention to private and family prayer, to the reading of God's Word, and to the week-night means of grace, as well as to the Sabbath services in God's House. Let the laws of truth and righteousness, as they are revealed in the Book Divine, be the governing principles of your daily business life ; for there are but few things which bring such a serious re proach upon the Church of Christ as when the finger of scorn can point at the glaring inconsistency between the religious profession and the daily life. Let ' holiness unto the Lord ' be the motto and the rule of every member of our Church, and then will her light shine forth with all the transparent beauty of her Lord and Master — ' fair as the moon, clear as the sun, and terrible as an army with banners.' As Ministers of the Lord Jesus Christ, we, on this solemn occasion, renew our vows of fidelity to God and His cause. We are not' unmindful of the necessity of personal holiness in order to extensive ministerial useful ness ; and the deep anxiety of our souls is that we may exemplify, in our daily lives and in our personal intercourse with you, the power of the truth that we preach' — that thus we may be ' ensamples to the flock.' Believing, as we do, that ' the glorious gospel of the blessed God ' is the supreme and unfailing remedy for the wants and woes of this restless and sinful age, we resolve that, more than ever, ' Christ crucified ' shall be the grand theme of our ministry. And that this Gospel may be increasingly ' the power of God unto salvation ' to the multitudes to whom we minister, we exhort you to pray without ceasing that the Holy Ghost may descend upon all our congregations with Pentecostal plenitude and power, that this may be a year of unexampled blessing and prosperity. ' Now the God of peace, who brought again from the dead the Great Shepherd of the Sheep with the blood of the eternal Covenant, even our Lord Jesus, make you perfect in every good thing to do His will, working in us that which is well pleasing in his sight, through Jesus Christ ; to whom be the glory for ever and ever. Amen.' ' 