THE NOVELIST PAUL CHALLTS'S WOOING. By the Author of The Cost of a Conquest,' ' A Sinless Crime' CHAPTER XXXII. AT LUCV'S WEDDING. Hie book ifi signed, and kissed the kiss, And the bride who went to chnmh a miss, Asa countess walked to her carriage. — Hood. Paul Challis was concerned about Dolores1 disposition, but nothing more, and attribut ed her extreme quiet and reticence all the evening to that cause and no other. Lady Templestowe professed herself much pleased with her, and expressed her opinion to her daughter afterwards. ' I don't wonder at the captain's infatua tion,' she said ; ' Mrs. PJiul is a very beautiful young woman. I think she showed a luore becoming sense of her position in being so quiie. I shall take her up.' ' Don't do anything rash, m^mma Wait a bit.' Lady Templestowe was rather fond of ** taking peop.'e up,' as she called it, and 'tie had made one or two mistakes in con equenee, and had been obliged to drop her 'MtattJ again rather ignominously. 's-'WaifCsoa;d I not notice her, Geraldine ? fou always have such queer notions, child. Did you nut think her nice ? It was quite lateral she should be a little nervous. ' It was not servommesB, mamma ; it was fear — downright terror.' 'Fear, child! Of what:-' ' Of Fourness, mamma. He has seen her before somewhere — knows something about her. I am sure of it. I noticed the horror in her face when he spoke to her.' ' Nonsense, Gcraidine ; you are always foil of ttjpid romance. Where was Four ness to see her ?' ** I don't know, mamma, but he has ? I am sure of it. Mrs. Challis fears him, and ?fee hates Marion.' ' And how 'did you find that out pray ? Really your wisdom in the reading of faces ie remarkable. ' ' Dou't make fun of me, mamma ; I do read them rightly sometimes, and I watched Mrs. Challi*. when nhe was looking at us and Marion. There was no' fear of her in her eyes -only bitter hatred. I should be sorry to reuse such in anyone. I should go in fear of my life.'' ' You romantic goose ! She never saw Marion or heard of her till last Bight. What should'she hate her for ? As to Four se&s;, v.c can eisily learn from him whether be knows this mysterious person or not.' Lord FournesB being appealed to in the matter, declared that he laid never known anyone of the name of Zueta in his life, and agreed with his mother in laughing at Gcraldiae for harboring such fancies. '-.Attfcesame time,' he said, ' I think our little women is right, mother. It might he as well for your ladyship to leave Mrs. Challis alone. I don't say that your patron age would do any harm, but she has her mother-in-law to help her forward in society, Eiid after all her origin is shady.' He spoke lightly enough to his mother and sister, and they thought no more about it, but he could not dismiss tUe subject so easily from his own mind. ' Poor Challis,' he said to himself, ' what a future lies before him ! Whatever awful fate could have thrown that woman in his path ? I cannot be mistaken. It is she — the cause of so much sin and sorrow ! Wretched woman ! Was the happiness of one household cot enough for her to wreck, but she must take another in hand ? Where is justice, I wonder, that the law cannot stop the misery that suchb&nds; as here can work ?' Lord Fourness clasped his hands over his head, his heart hill of tumultuous and bitter thoughts. Siuce his younger brother's death he Us d seemed to become more genial in manner, and iess of an irritable recluse, and society said that doubtless that he would marry now, and fixed upon Marion Judd, his brother's forsaken bride, as his future wife. But Marion knew full well that she should never be Lady Fouruess, with the coronet of Templestowe in per fective. She knew, as his father and mother did, that not to the eldest sou of the housecould they look for its future glories. Lord Four ness was a doomed man, andhe knew it, and had known for years. 'With an incurable disease preying upon him, it was not for him to think of wife, or child, or Lome happiness. If he came to the title at all it would be a bun-en honor for him. No wonder there had been times in his brother's brief , brilliant career when iie had envied him bitterly, and felt towards him as Cain fcit towards Abel. He oTtcn envied him now that he was lying under the fair blue sea, and wished that his own weary life tad ended. All his brother's belongings had fallen into his bands wbeu the news of his dis grace and flight had come home to them, end he looked through them with many a heartache as he thought of 'the Beauty's' reckless, careless career. There were re cords of follies innumerable that he des troyed as soon as read, but there were a few papers that he put together care fully in an envelope, and thought much and long over. , ' Great beaven !' he muttered, when lie had mastered their meaning, '* and *ith this upon his soul he would have siarried that noble girl ! It is hard to say 'thank God' for the death of anyone we »re for, but that my brother is dead is a tcon to be grateful frr.' He did net come across the papers again till some time after his meeting with Mrs Paul Chillis. Then he carefully sealed them up and addressed them to his father, enclosing a few written sentences of his own and put them back in his desk. '? If anything happens to me,' he mut ere-i — ' bah ! not ' if,' but when anything -&ppens; to mo — the time is coming with »pid strides — my father can burn them if e chooses, cr make them public if he wills. te will not- do that. Eetterletour race die Bt without an heir to carry our name down 9 another generation than accept such an ._tternative as that.' If Captain Challis noticed that the ladies ?f the Templestowe family were somewhat ?ool to his wife, he saw also that Dolores Aid not particularly care for them. ' There T\iis i.ot much in them,' was her privately expressed opinion to him, and he iid not ur;e her to nock theit society. ' I hope you would like them, my de«r,' he said. They arc the right sort of people for you to know.' ' I am afraid I shall never want to know the right sort of people,' she said, nestling sptohim. ' Don't a«k me to go to Lord Templestowes's house, Paul. I should choke. '? ' My dear Dolores ! Why ?** *? I don's know. I suppose because 1 come ef a different order of beings. Remember where you got me from — ' out of the gutter,' was the way I heard it put by someone who was talking r.hcnt me to Mrs. Trent once. There wa6 more truth thsn good nature in the remark, but I am hardly fit society for ?uch blue-blooded ladies.' ' I don't like to hear you talk so, dear. I was in hope you wo'ild like them. I \- thought Sliss JudJs ia«;-t superior woman.1' *? I hate Miss Juud '.' ' My denr, what a fierce expression. Kiss Judd is a. noble creature. You know ?ffhy the Templestowes respect her «o inuch ?' ' Oh, yes. I hare heard that story din & into mv ears enough. As is any woman Btoold not do as much : s that, and a thou Vand times rjorc, for the man she loved — as ef she would not be tciru to pieces, die a. itfcousand deaths, rathj-rthan let a hairof his bead come to harm. I ata sich of hearing ?f Marion Judd's good deeds. I should like to kill her!' ' My dear Dolores, you must be ill,' said Paul Challis, gravely. ** You would never talk in that wild way if you were not.' There was a strange, fierce gleam in her eyes which really alarmed him. She looked like some savage animal a* she spoke in that angry fashion of Miss Judd. Bat even while he looked at her, her mood changed, and she burst into a oassiouof turbulent tears. . ' I suppose that is it,' she eaid. ' I am not very well, and I am nervous. You mustn't mind my wild talk. Paul.' ' Not while yon confine It to me, darling. But pray do not air &uch; sentiments to any one el«e. They would think you a little 'off your head,' as the servant girls say.' ' Well, keep that dreadful piece of pre fection. Miss Judd, out of my way, then. I hate perfect people, and I might bite her, or spoil that placid serenity of here some how if I saw too much of her.' Paul Challis sighed. TTe could not under stand this woman he had married. For the first few weeks she had been all sweetness and yielding loveliness ; now she seemed to be slowly developing a temper, and assum ing a sort of defiant attitude towards every body she met. It would be all right by and bye, he tried to think ; when the baby came that was to be the new link between them, Dolores would be her own sweet self again : till then he must indulge her. The. day of Lucy's wedding came at last. A bright day in March, cold enough, but sunny, with golden ray's filling the shurch with glory enough to verify the old adage a thousand times over. If the bride be bless ed the sun shines on, then Lucy Challis was blessed indeed, fear its rays crowned her like a glory as she stood there by the altar to speak the words that bound her to the man she loved. A gay bridal party it was, and the loveliest of all, the observed of all observers, was Mrs: Paul ChaUis. Eer dress was an in spira1 ion of her own, and looked as if it might be part of herself, it became her so perfectly, and the bonnet that rested lightly on her splendid hair was the cavy and ad miration of half the ladies present. The gentlemen for the most part thought the grave-looking captain by her side a happy man ; but most persons were of opinion that he looked even grayer than usual. Perhaps it was .the duty imposed upon him of stand ing in toco partntis to his blushing little sister, and giving her into her husbands keeping. The church was very fall— a fashionable wedding generally attracts a crowd — and L.trd ? Allardyce would not perpetrate the snobbishness of having the church closed. ' ' Keep what places we want for oar guests he said ; 'no more.' So the people flocked in ; respectable, well dressed folk, women mostly, for the sex de light in a wedding, and the smart beadle at the door took the 'greatest care that no shabby-looking people should mar the gen eral effect. One slipped in unpercived — a woman in the last stage of poverty, apparently, though she was clean and her clothes were mended till even the repairs were dropping to pieces. She was tall aud forigen looking, and carri ed a child under her thin shawl. She enter ed unnoticed, and sat down in a corner near the door, ? The service was just beginning when the beadle caught sight of her; and was horrified at such an unseemly apparition. She looked nearly asleep, as indeed she was, being faint from fatigue and inanition. Curiosity had not brought her there, poor wretch ! but the chance of sitting down for half an hour without being told to move on. The beadle bustled up to her, ruffling with offended dignity like a provoked turkey cock. '! Now then, !' he saidi in a pompous whisper. 'Youmust get out of here, please. Don't make a noise.' The woman lifted a pair of bright dark eyes and showed a gleaming set of white teeth. Foreign evidently from her com plexion, and a certain nnRngliah manner that singled her out as much as her deplor able dress and appearance from the people about her. ' Oh, no, monsieur,' she said, in a low tone, ' let me stay.' She spoke English perfectly, but with a foreign accent, and hardly seemed to belong to the genus tramp, though the beadle choose so to classify her. ' Come out !' he said again. ' This is no place'f or tramps and vagabonds, mistress. Go quietly, now, and don't disturb the con gregation.' She looked at him haughtily enough now without a trace of fear. ' This is God's house,' she said. *' It is free to all. I shall not go.' ?? Yes, you will, or I shall fetch a police man to make you.' ' Fetch who you will. I have has much right here as any of the people near me. I am doing no harm, and I choose to stay til yonder fine show is over.' He was puzzled how to deal with this mpudent creature. Her meanness and poverty were a disgrace to my Lord Allar dyce's wedding, yet what was he to do ? It would not do to let her come between the wind and all the nobility grouped round the altar. He laid his hand upon her arm as if to enforce his words, and she shook it off as though it had been a serpent. ' Don't dare to touch me !' she said, her eyes blazing. ' Don't lay a finger on me, or 111 tthriek out to yonder grand company that I am being turned out. I'll spoil the solemnity of the wedding for them if you come near me again.' She looked as though she would keep her word, and he thought perhaps he might as well let her alone. . It would never do to make a scene and disturb the cere mony. ' Keep quite, then !' he said, in a surly fashion. ' I am quiet. ' ' And don't let the child whimper, or you'll have to go whether you like it or not.' ' Re never whimpers. If he did, I should not have brought him in here.' She lifted up a corner of her poor thin shawl and discovered a pitifully thin, old looking child, in age perhaps eighteen months; in care and misery, a hundred, to judge by its face. Its eyes were wide open, and was. staring with such a strange ex pression that the beadle started back. 'it looks like an imp !' he mut tered, .and let the odd woman and her charge alone, though he kept his eye on them.' And presently the bridal party began to file out of the vestry and come to the car riages. The woman sat and watched them. The bride, beautiful and happy, leaning on her husband's arm, and her brilliant following. Suddenly she sat bolt up right in her seat, staring with wide-open eyes. ' I must be going mad,' she muttered, 'oritismme delusion — some hunger- bred ghost that I see.' 