FRENCH VIEWS OF. THE ENGLISH. Whether it is quite so profitable to see ourselves as others see us, as we have been told, is a question to be discussed, since so much depends upon the way in which we are looked at, and the person who looks. When HAMLET1.* mother declared, " Yet, all that is I see," and could not see the ghost, she overrated her powers, just as many persons insist that they can see all that is, yet cannot per ceive many realities palpable enough to others. There is a sort of a moral in this for us Australians, because we are not content with the way in which Max O'Rktx, CHRISTIE MURRAY, and others looked at us, for we insist, and we have fairly well proved, that they saw what did not exist, and failed to see many things that should have been plain enough to their perceptions. The English people, just now, are being subject to the sort of criticism with which we; here are familiar, in which they may perhaps find some satisfaction, but the value of which depends on the ability and clearness of sight of those who look and conclude, and having concluded fall to criticising. As a rule, a French man in London is unable to sec. In vulgar parlance he cannot catch on. Cricket seems to him folly, and football a mere struggle of one set of brutes against another set, and he says so in his letters to Paris. Further, he usually lives with ; his compatriots in their own quarter in their own way, and tbey contrive some how to imbue each other with some truly wonderful conclusions as to the people amongst whom they find themselves. If so great a critic as TAJN'E hope lessly misunderstands DICKENS, how shall we expect a mere correspondent to comprehend English life in all its com plexity? Yet, perhaps, ire may profit by what is" seen and aaid even by the small men who write to please Parisian readers, who go abroad on the principle j of cedttm nan animum mutant, and who take the exception for the rule, and j have a strong proclivity to deduce general i principles from particular instances. Two dissertations have just appeared on English manners and customs, one by 'a Frenchman and the other by a French ; woman. One is the correspondent of a ! paper, the other has written Notes on London in the form of a book. Each j may be said to keep to his and her proper function. The man deals with sport, the woman with the women, which latter, however, in these days includes ' sport also to some extent. Both set op theories, but that of the man is the more ingenious, whilst that of the woman accounts for palpable facts. The man sets out by admitting precisely what MAX O'RELL declines to admit-, but iu support of which there is absolutely overwhelm ing evidence. He asks, how does it come about that the English are less inclined towards amorous intrigues than the French ? That they are so lie takes for granted, as a subject on which there is no room for dispute, though he does not appear to think that there is any special virtue in the fact. Taking the fact for what it is worth, he seeks for an explana tion of it, and when a French writer goes in search of a theory he is always sure to find one. The explanation is Lc S[)ort. Tli is is the whole sccrct, so simple when known, so obvious wlicu mentioned, so conclusive when under stood. A Frenchman seeks relief from the monotony of life. He longs for ad venture, for enterprise, for excitement, for the exercise of his faculties in all their fulness. He finds it in the pursuit of auother mail's wife, in the pursuit of two or three other men's wives, and he cherishes un adventure as something not to be used up too quickly. He gloats over the situations, turns them in his mouth, so to speak, and enjoys them in all their possible aspects. Thus it comes about that society is like the famous monkeys in Exeter 'Change, each one of which stole out of his neighbour's trough, and so could not eat out of his own. Why are the British less inclined this way ? Because they are given up to sport. No man, it is amiably skid* can be wondering haw to out manoeuvre a husband or entrap # wife, when ho has made a book on t&s; Derby, or stands to win on Ladas. who joins a" football match forgers the ladies, whilst tl»o man who takes to cricket is lost to all more Tofiived sens* Hons. What with'golf, lawn tennis, all the old and all the new. gamas, yo« Briton has 110 time for intrigue, and is, perhaps, very much better employed. The Divorce Court brings to light some unpleasant things, but intrigue is not made a business of life, as is too often the case in la belle France. We nre led to reflect that if Mr. PAKNELL had taken to football or racing he would never have scrambled down that fire-escape. The lady writer is rather severe, but much more matter of fact. She recalls a picture of the QITEEN before she came to the throne, in which a modest, pure, plainly-dressed cfirl was depicted, looking all that is meek and gentle. Where are such girls now ? The granddaughters and their grandmothers are wide as the poles asunder. The girls have taken to sport, to men's clothes ; they ride in the park with effrontery, dressed almost like men, and with more than men's impudence. Their attitude is not only immodest but very ugly. They have forgotten the quality expressed by their own expres sive word, "womanly." Their charms have lessened, there are fewer pretty girls than of old, their outlines are of an ex traordinary hardness, they are sinewy like a hound, ati'd they rejoice in their toughness and "good form." This is a case of evolution, says the writer. They have been brought up as boys, and they have become men. In order to cure the old evils of timidity, nerves, and weaknesses, the British have sacri ficed a host of qualities which made woman so beautiful and so respected. I11 their place they have hard, strong, coarse creatures who are far away from their ancestors, and promise to grow into a monster. It is admitted that tiiey are Eelf-possessed, that they dare to dare, that they are independent, and that they are moral. But the morality is not the purity of innocence. There is nothing now which resembles the pure French girl, who knows of no evil, who has 110 conception of the immoral, but a being elevated to a certain point, who has eaten of the tree of knowledge, and knows that; the fruit is bitter to the taste. Modestv, * I we are told, is a material conception, not 1 the sublimed virtue found amongst the! purest type of French girl. What all this is worth we shall not undertake to say, but it represents, no doubt, the change which has taken place in the outward bearing of the Englishwomen of higher classes, and may mean much or little, for its value only time can show. This change, it is noted, is not found in the lower classes. The very girls who sell flowers in the streets are soft, round, with abun dant hair, and possessed of all the feminine charms of which poets have sung and the world agreed to regard as almost divine. Can it be that the French lady has got hold of some of Mrs. LYNN LINTON'S wild women, or is that caustic writer not far astray after all ? If these critics are right, then the girl of this period is already miles beyond the girl of that period when Mrs. LINTON first made her famous. But who can tell ? 