Newcastle Police Court \---- WEDNESDAY, MARCH 13. (Before Mr. Mair, P.M.) Drunkenn ss. EDWARD MALONEY, seaman, circum scribed rum and other exhilarating compounds until his head performed 250 revolutions a minute on Tuesday night, and was taken out of the path of temptation by Constable Turnbull; 5s, or 24 hours. Naughty Words. While Constable Hanney was re flecting on the witching hour, when ghosts (and policemen) walk, &c.;, in Hunter-street West, an assorted col lection of oaths and obscenity, de livered in a rum-strengthened falsetto of extra power, was wafted to him from away up in Union-street. He found that Emily Shaw was going in for vocal exercises at that unseemly hour, and thought she should have a rest; £5, or two months. Remanded. Michael Cullen, coal-trimmer, on remand, was charged with stealing two cases of whisky, the property of George Bunn, from the Great Britain Hotel, Newcastle, on or about the 9th instant. Mr. Low appeared for the accused, and Detective M'Hattie prosecuted. George Bunn, licensee of the Great Britain Hotel, deposed that he saw the accused in the hotel yard, between 5.30 and 6 p.m. on the 9th instant. Ho had been there some time, and witness ordered him away, but he delayed some little time. About 20 minutes past 6 o'clock witness again saw accused in the yard. Witness asked him what he wanted there, and he replied, "Only Tommy." There was no person called Tommy about the hotel. Witness told accused if hedidnot go away he would be handed over to the police. He went away, and wit ness soon after missed two cases of whisky from the billiard- room, a door of which opened into the yard. Wit ness saw the whisky there all right on Friday morning about 11 o'clock. By Mr. Low : Accused was a little under the influence of liquor. The billiard-room also opened on to Scott street, and was used by the public. Richard Hickey, waterman, de posed that he saw the accused about 5.45 p.m. on the 9th instant standing in front of Mr. Bunn's billiard-room, carrying a case, which looked like a whisky or brandy case. " Accused en tered the billiard-room with the case, and emerged without it. He spoke to some young men who stood at the street corner, then went into the bil liard-room again, and returned to the street with a case on his shoulder. He carried the case along Scott-street to a lane or yard. Witness looked over a fence and said, " Mickey, I've seen the whole transaction; you had better take that back. If you don't I'll have to tell the police." Accused answered, " You keep your mouth shut." Witness replied that he could not see a man robbed like that. Sub sequently, accused said he would take the case back. Witness waited a little time, then accused walked towards Bunn's, carrying the case, and witness lost sight of him as he turned the angle at Mr. Thompson's butcher's shop. About two minutes later wit ness saw him walk into Newcomen street without any case. Accused appeared to be half drunk. By the Bench: Witness could not say if accused took the case back to Bunn's. Patrick Carlon, waterman, deposed that between 5.30 and 6 p.m. on the 9th instant he saw accused pass Mr. Thompson's butcher's shop twice, once going toward the railway station and again returning. On each occasion he had a case on his shoulder. When he returned, going in the direction of Bunn's hotel, accused turned around the corner of Markham's late branch premises and went toward a lane, which led to the rear of the frontage buildings, returning from there with out any case. About 6 p.m. witness saw accused carrying a chaff bag, containing something of the shape of a case, going along Hunter-street from opposite the Crystal Palace Hotel towards the markets. By Mr. Low: When witness saw accused pass and repass Thompson's shop he (witness) was standing on the footpath directly in front of that shop. W. H. M~oulton, shipping agent, deposed that he saw a man, who much resembled the accused, carrying a whisky case in an easterly direction along Scott-street on the ovening of the 8th instant. Patrick Carlon, re-called, stated that accused did not carry the case to Bunn's billiard-room when he repassed witness. Being formally charged, accused elected to be dealt with summarily, and pleaded not guilty. He asked for a remand until Friday, in order that he might secure the attendance of witness, and this was granted, bail refused. 