A LIFE SENTENCE. By Adeline Sergeant, Author at " Jacobi's Wife." "Under False Pretences," "Roy's Repentance," I "Deveril's Diamond," &c.;,&o.; All Queensland Rights Reserved. CHAPTER XLIII. — (Continued). Enid's hand slipped from her unclo's neck; She knelt on, looking up at him with dazed incredulous eyes and quiver ing white lips. The communication had given a great shock to her trust in Hubert. ' Perhaps— perhaps,' she said at last, ' Hubert did not know.' 'Oh, but he did — he did!' said her uncle, whose memory for dates and details was generally at fault. ' If not at once, He knew before very long ; and he ought never to have spoken to her again when once he knew. As for all that stuff about his not being quiet unless she was in the room — about her being the only person who could mnnuge him when he was delirious, you know — why, that was stuff and nonsense ! They ought to have got a strait-waistcoat and strapped him down to the bed ; that would surely have kept him as quiet as any Miss Cynthia "West !' The General said the name with in finite scorn. 'Is that what they said— that he was quiet when she waB there?' Enid in quired. ' So they said — bo they said ! I don't ee tho seme of it myself,' replied the General, feeling that he had perhaps said a little too much. ' Then did he Bend for her ?' 'No, my dear; he was unconscious when she came. I believe that his man Jenkins was at the bottom of it all. He went and told her that poor Hubert was ill.' ' Bat I don't quite understand. If Hubert did not send for her, what right had she to come ?' ' You may well ask that. "What right, indeed ! An abominable thing, I call it, for Westwood's daughter to go and nurse one of our family. Don't grieve about it, my darling ! If Hubert was led astray by her wiles for a little time, you may be sure that ho will ho ashamed" of himself "before very long. He has a good heart, and will not let you go ; he loveB you too sincerely for that, I am quite sure. So you must not fret.' 'I don't; I shall not grieve— in that way, uncle,' said Enid, gravely, but with penect calm. ' You mean that Hubert cares for her, and that she lovea him too?', ' I don't know what she does,' said the General, with a rather ominous growl. 'I only know that there was some en tanglement — understanding between them — a flirtation, I daresay— young men are not always so careful as they ought to bo — and perhaps the girl has taken it seriously.' ' Poor girl,' said Enid, softly, ' I am very sorry for her !' ' Sorry ? Sorry for Westwood's daugh ter ? Enid, you forget what is due to yoursolf and to your father ! Do not speak of her ! Forget her ; and rest assured that when Hubert is better he will dismiBB her with thanks — if thanks are necessary — and that wo shall soon Bee him here at Beechfield again. And, my dear, when he is better, I will put no further obstaole in yonr way, if you still desire the — the engagement to go on." ' You forget, Uncle Richard,' Baid Enid, very quietly, 'that there was no real engagement.' She had always maintained to herself before that there was one. He looked at her with wonder. 'But, my dear, there was. a sort of understanding, you know ; and Connie always said that you were so fond of eaoh other.' 'Connie did not know,' Enid answered coldly. Then she withdrew herself from the General's eneiroling arm and roBO to her feet. ' You havo not told mo yet, unole,' she went on, ' what news you had from the dootor this morning,' Ob, nothing fresh ! " said the General, in rather a guilty tone ; nnd then, as she pressed him, he explained further. ' You see, my dear child, we thought that this Miss "West ought to go away, because none of us can go to Bee Hubert while she is there, if for no other reason, be cause she is that man's daughter ; and I wrote to the doctor to inquire whether Hubert could not do without her now, and he Baye no — that there would be danger of a relapse if she should go.' ' Then, of course, you will say that she must be asked to stay until Hubert is better, uncle.' ' Do you tbink so, my dear ?' 4 Certainly.' ' But it is naturally vory painful to you, and to all of us, to think that Hubert's recovery is dependent on that girl. I call it positively degrading !' cried the General, crumpling up his papers and rising from his seat in a sudden fury. It ie painful — yes,' said Enid; with a heavy sigh ; ' but'I suppose that it cannot be helped ;' and she turned away, so that be might not seo the quivering of her lip or the tear that rolled down ber pale eheeke as she said tho words. She went out into tho conservatory and sat down pmongst tbo flowers. She had been too proud to show the General how muoh she was hurt ; but, as a matter of foot, she was very deeply wounded indeed. Her nffeotions were not bruised — she had never oared for Hubert so little in ber life; but her pride bad received a tremendous blow. Even if he had: only ' flirted ' with Cynthia "West, as the General had sug gested, tho flirtation was an insult to the girl whom ho had asked in marriago. Indeed, it seemed worse to Enid than a granite passion would have seemed ; for her readings in poetry and fiction had taught her that a genuine and passionate love sometimes caused people to forgot the claims of duty and tho bonds of a previous affection." But the General had not seemed to think that anything of this kind existed ; although the faot that Hubert's delirium could not be quieted except in Cynthia's presence showed, even to Enid'B innocent eyes, that some . strong sympathy, some great mutual . . attraotion, united them. ' If it were so, Enid asked herself, eonld she blame him ? What had she liorself done?. Had she not given her heart Way to Maurice Evandale, although her ; Word was plighted to Hubert Lepel ? Rut then, she said to herself, she had JMv??;.PWfoased any great affection for \- P" bad not taken the initiative rw-wy vra;iiv He need not have asked her to marry him-rrhe might have left her perfectly free. She felt indignantly that she had been trifled with — that he had asked her to be his wife without caring to make her so, and that he might perhaps have trifled in the same manner with Cynthin West, If that were the case, Enid Vane said to herself that she should never forgive him. He had profaned love itself— the holiest of earth's mysteries— and she resented the action, although she might- gain by it ber own freedom and happiness. It was even possible - that 1 this gain' might be denied to her. Suppose, when he was better that he came back, nnd claimed her promise, repudiated Cynthia's attempt to cam his gratitude, and ex plained his conduct in such a manner that no fair-minded person could refuse him credence? What then could she do? Enid felt that she might not have the strength to fight against him unless Maurice were at her side ; and Maurice had, unfortunately for her, been suddenly summoned to the north of England to attend his father's death-hod. Ho had left Becohflold with many fears for Enid's welfare ; but jje was of course obliged to go, and had no opportunity of declaring himself to the General as a suitor for Eoid's hand before his departure. For the moment, there fore, Enid was quite alone; and, seeing the net in whieh she was caught — a net of fraud and trickery and lies— her heart failed her, and she felt herself helpless indeed. She was in far more danger than she guesBed ; for Mrs. Vane looked upon her us a deadly enemy, and was resolved that she should never have the chance of oon- fiding what she knew to another person. From what Hubert had said, the girl had mode up ber mind to tell him all when once Bhe was his wife. To tell Hubert was what Connie was resolved that Enid should never do. She should never mnrty Hubert or any other man ; sooner than betray Connie's secrets, Enid Vane should die. The white still woman with the brown eyes und yellow hair was ready to face the chances of detection — ready to take her own life, if necessary, rather than see her plans de feated and herself disgraced. With Enid out of the way, ehe might not ho eafe ; but she would be safer tlian she was now. She took note, however, of the warn ing that Parker had given her. ' She had been going too fast ; she must ho more oareful in future. She must proceed by such slow degrees that Mr. Ingledew himself should be deceived. And she muBt change her pious also ; for she found that Enid no longer touched the cooling drinks "that wore placed beBido her every night— the girl said that she did not care for them, and sent them away un touched. But surely there were plenty of other ways ! Mr. Evandale had Baid a few guarded words to Mr Ingledew about his treat ment of Miss Vane, and his remarks bad caused the surgeon to send a simplo tonic mixture instead of the soothing draughts, which had formerly excited some sur prise and even indignation in the reotor's mind. He did not belive in these soothing draughts, for he soon elicited from Mr. Ingledew that they had been made up in conformity with Mrs. Vane's views of the case rather than according to what Mr. Ingledew himself thought necessary ; and a word. from, the rector, whoso medical knowledge waB really considerable, caused Mr. Ingledew to change his opinions very speedily. At the same time, tonics, like other things, could be doctored ; and, as Mr. Evandale was out of tho way, Eaid's welfare lay, for the time being, at Connie's mercy. She began to suffer in the old way— from dizziness and nausea and pains, for which she could not account, with an utterly inexplicable weakness and languor, different from all her former symptoms. Perhaps Mrs. Vane had altered her treatment. At any rate it was certain that some mysterious fuotor was at work, stealing the girl's energy away from her, diminishing her vitality, bringing her in short to the very gates of death. And so insidiously did the work proceed, that evun Parker, 'who had hadsuspioions of her mistress, scarcely noticed the advance of Euid's malady. There were no more fainting fits- nothing definitely alarming, but day by day the girl grew weaker, and no one noticed or guessed the reason why. Enid's nights wore restless, hut she had not been disturbed sineo Connie's return from London by tho white figure which she had seen at her bedside. She told herself that Maurice was right — that her nerveB had played her false, aud that the appearance had been a more phantasm of her imagination. Sho quite lost ' her fenr of soeing it again ; and, although she had held no further conver sation with the reotor after Mrs. Vane's arrival in tho house, she was reassured and strengthened by the remembrance of his words. ' Whon she awoke in tho night-time now, she know no fear. And yet — it was about three weeks after the beginning of Hubert Lopel's illness — her heart gave a wild leap when she opened hor eyes one night and saw in her room, by the fuint light of a glim mering taper, the ghostly figure of a woman clothed from head to foot in white. She stood, not by tho bedsido, but by the mantolpieoe, with something— was it a medicine phial? — in hor hand. What tho visitant was doing Enid could not exactly see; but she started up ; and at tho movement the white woman turned and Bhofted her faoo. Enid uttered an exolnmation— a sort of gasp of terror — for her worst fears were realised; The phantom whioh eho had dreaded had come to her again, in spite of Maurice's promises of aid. Ho had forgotten to pray for hor perhnpB— the childish notion orossad her mind that perhaps beeauso of his forgotfulnces the glfost was there. But waB it a ghost— a phantasm; of the senses, and not a living woman after all ? For the faoe whioh met the girl's eyes was not one that sho oould easily mistake —it was the face of Constance Vane. CHAPTER XLIV. . ; At that moment Erad recalled,- by "oho instinctive flash of .memory, the .wmrdr that Maurice Evandale had -said to her. If ever she saw 'the ghost' again, she was to spealc to it— she was Hot to be afraid. God would take oare of her. With a Bort of mental olutoh' at the strength residing in those words, Bhe mointained herself in a sitting posture and looked the white woman full in the faoo. Yes, it was Connie's faoe ; but was it Connie herself ? For . the figure made a itrange threatening gesture, and glided smoothly towards the door as if to dis appear—though in natural and not very ghost-like fashion, for tho door stood wide open, and it was the soft, cool night breeze of summer that bad oponed.Enld't slumbering eyes. In another moment the visitor would be gone, aud Enid would never know whether what she saw was a reality or a drenm. That Bbould not he. Strength and conrage suddenly returned to her, inspired by the remembrance of her lover and his' words ; she would speak. ' Why ate you here ?' she said. Still no answer. The figure glided onward, and its eyes, glittering, and baleful, were nevor onoe removed from Enid's faoe. With one supreme effort the girl Bprang from the bed and throw herself ih-the strange visitor's way. The figure halted and drew hack. Enid laid a hand upon its arm. Ah, yes, thank heaven, Bhe felt tho touch of flesh and blood ! No weird re- fleeted image of a wandering brain was Dcforu her; a woman— only a wicked desperate woman — stood in her way. Enid was not afraid. ' Constunco,' she said, ' why are you hero ?' The woman dashed down the detain ing hand. She knew that - it was no -use to assume any longer the character with whioh she had hoped to impress the mind of the sensitive, nervous, delicate girl. She was no ghost indeed ; she could figure no longer as a' nightmare in Enid's memory. She stood revealed. But she did not lose her self-possession. After a moment's pause she spoke with dignity. 'I came here,' she said, 'to ee6 whether you were sleeping quietly. Surely I may do - eo much for my hue- hand's niece?' ' And what were you doing there ? ' said Enid, pointing to the mautelpieoe. ' Why were you tampering with what Mr. Ingledew sends me to take ? ' 'Tampering, you silly girl? You do not know the meaning of your own words !' ' Do I not ? What have you in your hand?' She grasped at the little phial whieh Connie had half hidden in' the white folds of her dressing-gown, grasped at it, and succeeded, by the quickness of her movement, in wrcnohing from Mrs. Vune's hand. Then, even by the dim light of the candle, she - oould see that Connie's colour waned, and that her narrow eyes were distended- with sudden fear. ' Why do you take that ? Give it me lwok !' 'Yes,' said Enid,' upon whom the ^ex citement had acted like a draught of wine, giving colour to her face and deoision to her tones — ' Ybb, when I have found out what it contains.' 'You' little fool, you will not know when you look at it !' ' I will keep it and ask Mr. Ingledew or Mr. Evandale. You were pouring from it into tho medicine that Mr. Ingledew gave me — for what purpose you know, not I.' A gasp issued from Connie's pale lips. Hor danger was clear to her now. ' Give it back to mo !' sho said, ' I will have it; I tell you I will !' Enid's band was frail and slight ; not for one moment could she have resisted Mrs. Vane's superior strength, for Connie could be strong when occaeion called for strength, and she did not try. (to be continued to-hobrow. | 