Plain fUiatralian. | j [Owing to the many enquiries for Mi<! following article we reproduce it i iiis is.uie.] SIR JOHN l'OUUKST. j I ; | Wo know thee, John, thou oily one ; 11a ! ha ! thou soft and slippery one. We've watched thee treading ambition's path as a he-eat treads the housetops, John ; smooth and silky, yet stubborn, John, with a heart all jjuile and a 4e.vel head—low dure follow where you can tread, ho ! ho ! old John. Your foes may sneer and dub thee fool, but you have the wit and the will to rule; and you calmly smile as you give them gruel, he! he !, smooth John. Your promises are writ in sand, and you only light for your own strong hand, the most selfish man in this western land—cold, crafty John. We would not touch thy private life, we scorn that, John; but as a powerful public man, we'll do thee nil the good we can.—You trust us, John. The Giver of all good hath said that <overy parent born, and bred, who spares the rod doth spoil the child so give thee c'astigation mild, presumptuous John. Why ape a mighty statesman's airs, when governing the small affairs of a tin-pot town on a third-class coast, und strut the town like a backyard ghost—Climb down .now, John. Ha! ha! iat'John, you rouse our mirth : are you the Premier of the earth, and did the lightning give thee birth, to rule and reign a god in Perth —We're splitting, John. Napoleon at Austerlitz held half the world in chains ; he fell because he had not, like thy sire, a Forrest full of brains —God help ub, John. We sit and worship thee afar, as wise men worshipped Bethlehem's star — Saints shield us, John. j Last Monday night a nice select ball was held at the Royal. We in our capacity os a newspaper scribe have reported balls in the Argyle cut, at j Miller's Point, at Potts' Point,at Woolloomooloo, in Little Bourke-street, at Toorak, in Victoria Square, and in Rosina-street, and Soapsuds Alley, Fremantle. Duty has called us everywhere in South Australia. New South Wales, and Victoria, and when duty bade us repair to the Royal on Monday we went, and we can truthfully assert that never did we see a more select gathering at Woolloomooloo or Soapsuds Alley, than we met on that occasion. The promoter had worked hard, and he deserved a better fate, ior lie spared neither money nor labor to make it a success. Wo arrived late, a f.ict which we greatly regret, but we made up for it by leaving early. The first thing that struck us was a sweet female thing in white, at least some of her was in white, but a good deal of her was in nothing at all. She was a beautifully made creature, a splendid animal, and as we gazed at her charms exposed witli wanton lavishness to the eyes of all beholders, wo thought of the bard of Avon's lines. 4 Oh ! that this too, too, solid flesh would melt," or else go away and get dressed. We drifted down the room and saw another human poem leaning back against a slab of iron. She, too, had made a prolific display of natures endowments, and if she had been going io a private bath instead of a public ball ,no one could have found much fault v.itli her costume. She seemed sleepy and we addressed her. 4 Are you tired Miss ?' 4 Yesh, dhearest.' \- Pardon,madam, do not be too familar, \ve do not know vou ; but are vou .not cold? 'Yesh (hie),Very (hie),cold dhearest, 'Can we get you a rug or a blanket, or anything to warm you. Miss ? ' ' Yesh, pleasb, (hie), dearsh, a ibraTidysh and shoda, (hie), to warmsh me (hie). We threw down our hand s-.nd bolted; as we fled we saw a flighty .thing careering round the room :at a hand gallop, one foot on (he floor the other trying to kick the oil "damps. Suddenly both feet went t -wards the oil lamps, and her head liit the floor; oh! it was blissful. The j j ! j i ! men were all of the respectable well behaved class, and did nothing outrageous. Some of the ladies present were neatly and nicely dressed, and did nothing to call for censure, but there were others who only needed a coat of dark p.iint, and a skewer through their nostrils to make them tit to take their place admist the nigger tribes of the woolly west. Thk people of Coolgardie are a cantankerous lot. They are always complaining about something. The latest growl is about the postal and telegraph system. Folks say that they can get their telegrams through by team almost as rapidly as by wire, and that they can place more reliance upon a camel than on the telegraph wires. Well, what if they can. Surely it does not make much difference to a business man if his wires happen to be delayed a week or ten days. They should take the gifts the gods provide and be thankful. Of j course it would bo different if they dwelt amongst people who understood the ethics of business, but when they come to calmly consider that Pharoali's father's mummy would be a very live party, indeed, if com- j pared to the men who manage the ! Post, and Telegraph Department of j this colony, we think they will agree j with us that they are unreasonable. j Some day in the far-off future, when j the present team- of wire-pullers are dead and forgotten, and the young generation now growing up have become men, perhaps the postal depart- * ment may be properly and speedily ! worked, but at present we might as j well expect a crab to crow like a i rooster as imagine the poor old slow I coaches in Perth can be guilty of ; doing things as we eastern men have j been accustomed to seeing them i done. Most of these men were intel- i lectually still-born, and have not yet j come to life. Therefore, we have no ! sympathy with the folks here who ; growl at them. It they were deaf or j dumb, or lame, we should not be mean ; enough to twit them with their in- • firmity ; therefore, why should wo j rovile them because the Creator in his j boundless wisdom has seen lit to send i them into a cold and unsympathetic i world with a big bruise where their ! brains ought to be. Rather should we p»y our parsons to pray for them, j for if ever a crowd on this planet ; needed pity it is the persons who run j the postal and telegraph offices of ; W.A. ; Thkrk arc a couple of hotels in this ! "mining camp of whom the psalmist } must have been thinking when he ' wrote 4 For dogs have compassed me ; j the assembly of the wicked have en- j closed me." The back premises of : these two places are as foul as the j breath of a black gin after breakfast. I They reek with tilth, thb places of j public convenience are old and tumble- j down and vile, and the shadow of pesti- j lence hovers round them like a hang- j man round a gaol. These disgusting j edifices made of odds and ends of old j lumber are far more eloquent than ! words, they preach a silent sermon and brand their owners as men of mean disposition and unfeeling hearts. The ever lively microbe sitteth on its tail and rejoiceth, for soon it will rise from the filth of the yard to take up a mansion in the lungs of-some unfortunate wretch, and all we hope is that the publicans who have bred the ghastly minions of the King of Terrors may be the first to fall victims to their own sloth and their own cupidity. Cmqukism is growing up in our midst, little circles that have inner rings are being formed all around us, and men who yesterday had not a pound in their pockets, and looked longingly forward to the time when a clean shirt would be a boon unspeakable, now elevate their mental noses towards the 4 heavens, and say, Behold us, are not ve the salt of the earth without whom the world would have no savor." Yea, verily, and a nice set they are too. They walk around and simper and Fay unto their 4 souls, lo, are we not turtledoves v.ho must be protected from contact j | with baser clay. Most of these men j have neither birth, nor brain, nor j blood, nor breeding to recommend ! them. The accidents of a mining j camp have placed a little money in j their pouches, and as our soul livcth, j they want to go straightway and j hedge themselves in behind a social j fence and call themselves the i elite of Coolgardie. If they had j all the blood of all the Howards j in their veins, we should not re- j spect them unless they had bruin power, and moral force to back j it, but knowing many of them as Ave j do; knowing their paltry past, and ; their uncertain future, wo stand back ! and laugh, for as a mushroom ! springeth up in the night from the | soil where the cattle have betfn herded, ! so are they, and as the mushroom dies } when the burning rays of the sun kisses its frail form, so will these men S pass from our midst with tlieir x sLam aristocracy and their paltry pretensions. Wk recognise no aristocracy but the { aristocracy of intelect. We recognise no j birthright but the birthright of brains, j We admit no superiority but the t superiority of a manly upright life, i and a bold and blameless manhood; j men who possess such endowments j need no social clique to mark them j out from the masses ; they stand j upon the pedestal of their own dignity, j ennobled by their own great gifts. To nature's noblemen we are prepared to pay our tribute ol respect; to the little minded, shallow brained fops now camped here on the frontier line of civilization, we throw our contempt ! as we would throw a bone to a black- j boy's dog. | 1 Ii».sT week Mr. L. Williams called and j told us that he had a large quantity of j ore in from the Melbourne United j mine, which was to be crushed locally, j He asked us to publish that infor- j mation, and promised to bring us the j return, good or bad. We. thinking I Mr. Williams intended to net in good j laith, promised to supply the public with the information. Mr. Williams bos passed this office a dozen times this week, but has not kept his word. Me has nut furnished us with the j result of the crushing. Perhaps the j crushing was of such a nature that j | Mr. Williams considers it wiser not to i let the public know anything about it, ! but we beg to inform Mr. L. Williams ; in a very straightforward way that the | Hkvjkw will not tolerate such conduct i from him or from anyone else. | We are glad at all times to publish j news that we think good for the j public, but no man shall make a con- ; venience of this journal. The Rkview j is not a mistress to be picked up and | dropped at will. A little time back J the Coolgardie Minn- gave this same i gentleman a most severe and bitter j castigating, and if Mr Williams is m j the luibit of treating journalists in the j manner we complain of above, we ! do not wonder at the stricture of the Minn-, and we tin wonder that English investors can place any relimce in him. Tin: Police here are much like the officers of the law elsewhere; if a man is down, or they think he is on the down grade, they jump on him with both feet. Martin Denny was charged with forgery; he had to appear before the court on Thursday last and on the evening of last Sunday lie was guilty of the desperate crime of selling a packet of cigarettes to an Afghan, a thing that is done by scores of people every Sunday in Coolgardie, but the police saw their chance to make the man suffer, and they went for him baldheaded. He was dragged before the court and fined live pounds. No one can blame the Warden, he is simply oil the bench to administer the laws as they stand, but the police might have displayed a little less venom in thus hounding a beaten man to the wall, They know that plenty of comparatively rich men do every Sunday what Denny did on this ocension, or if they do not know, and wink at it, they are the only people in Coolgardie who do not know it. They cannot catch burglars who clean out shops and houses right under | their august noses; they cannot catch murderers whose victims' blood is oven now crying aloud for vengeance, they cannot catch camel and horse thieves who scour tho country and laugh at them, they cannot or will not catch wealthy lawbreakers who openly defy the police, but they get an unfortunate down and worry him in his evil hour. In future we hope tho police will display a more manly spirit and not go out of their way to crush a man; for we say without hesitation that it is the brutality of the officers of the law that makes half the criminals in Australia. i Wk believe wo pay a Certain set of individuals to attend to the water along the back country routes, and if they would not consider it an impertinence for an ordinary mortal to throw out suggestions to such extraordinary beings as themselves, we would ask why something is not done to preserve water at Wee Laddie Rocks, at Wongey Soak, and at the Donkey Rocks. At the latter place there is & first class soak, but a horse has fallen into it, and has now been rotting there for a couple of months. The water swarms with maggots, and other western luxuries. Of course, the insolent t'othersider has no right tocomplain. He is an interloper, an outsider, and the soil and the fruit thereof belongs to the seven great families of Perth. But still if we drop upon our mental marrow bones, and howl, and make abject supplication, 4 1 'auglity Alic and brother John," may take our meekness into consideration, and see that one of the highways into the interior is kept open. 