i T ER?STI\\_O . ITA'S ? MYSTERY. By Ella Cheever Thayer .,HAPTE .I.--(Coha itn n-.) ! That must be it!' addedIHarry. I cans't explaiin it niy ,,tlier way," said Miss Fales"" d ' Iasi ' ii , l l though; that the piietui'o hhd mi?add so great and ish pressionon;nc.. " . . She glanci;dliit hiii archly as site "poke, and -laugllcd-tiio tinkliug laugh Frank remembered aon wll "I amu greatly flattered, at all events," lie said " J" hope I havee aleo mad. a sfijciint iiiti;ressidiofor yo"u to give me a"" few waltres. " . Iow '.r lo - are sa notaoet, mr. Lorraine. , O n, perhaps... . She handed him her card, and he wrote his iiamo in the only vacant' place. ¶ Then Harry.. claimcd' her,: and -they danced away. " Beo sure and come back to me, Its," Miss Meade called after them. Ital Then it was her r.amue! Its Fales I He had the wvlole nuano now, at least. But who was Arthur St. Clsir'l The last was a queation whic h began to take an unpleasant prominence in his mind. Could it be site was privately -married to tile0 moan, whom, for asonlo reason, he had been so strn igely called upon to personate? Frank did not like the idea. Ie fancied it still less when, having led her out for the promised waltz, the fair hair almost touclhd his breast, and the coquettish face was very. near his own. The dance was the last before inter •mission, and as. the music ceased Frank whirled his partner out. into the con servatory. :: : ' "The supper' room swill be crowded now-let us rest here awhile,' lho. said, leading her toward a secluded seat under an orange plant.:- ' - . "'You have.such adreadfullyanuthorita= tire way with you that I must'ineeds! obey,'.lIta responded, in a lightly sarcasitic:. tone. . " You are mistaken. I assure you I:am veryi meek,. and p capable of being domineered over in the most shameful, mnaniner. I could prove thatto you'ly an experience I once had.': ' Frankesoated himself by her side as he i spoke. • "Tell::mne what it was,sthlien I :will: decide," she said, slyly studying his hand somlle features. I "' That L cainoet do. ,!It* is a secret which I hays revealed. to no'one.'" " ,How irovoikling of you oiioleitiiqn it, 'aid 'arouisae in urosily all fotr unotling I I t ',was very robsi?ntic, of course" : " Thinlk on th'iaost romauitic'adventure you ever hlit, and I caiin'iiatch it with'i mine," returned Fiank,,watching her in-;it teiitly to see if ilthe words brought the recollectiolnilie tihought to a?taken. Apparently they did not at first, but presently she brokei into'salittle laugI b lwhilea ,peculiar eapression li cae into iher. eyes. "I doubt it. I had one once that no;. thiiig could tnatch.' ' " Let us'iicoripaore niotbet" he said, lean ing over her eagerly. Shlu shook her head. " " '"Oli;in " :Mie ii is fi?rteo serious.' "SLridiis!" lie iecliod. -' Mine was quite the contrary.. Ca' t oe make a bargain" to", exchange cor.fidonces sonime tin? " ' " "niiassiblte: I But you might tell me I a'Stually roiaimnfic. Tiheroe was a lady in it, of course ?" ' : " Gertaiiily, and a very beautiful one." ita trifled with her fanl as though not entirelypleased with this answer. Sithe made some gay conulnent, however, and a conversation in the same strain followed, 'on different'tonics, which Frank was very sorry to have interrupted by Miss Meade andw several fricnds in search of Ita. The latter weont away with manifest reluctance, and looked back to smile brightly at Frank. .lie hovered about her vicinity the re tiainder of the evening, altlhough finldiini few opportunities to say anytlthi" farther. But he had the pleasure of taking her to the carriage, and received a good- lntight smile froms- undera blue hood, which made her look niore bewitchinig than ever. It was not unnatural, under the cir cuunatances, that after this unuaxpected meeting F"rank's tlhouglhts were illed with the charining,'puzzling Ita ; and surmises of the mystery which now, -Uote than be fore, interested hipm, and reawiakened his curiosity. lie went everywhere that there was a possibility of mee'iing her, and loon so progressed in the tcqtlaiiltance that he became a frequent caller at her home. It Iegan to be rentarl;rd before long that the society of other yei ung ladies had lost all chlarm fur Fralnk Lorraine, and that Ira's colour lchant,ed at his lapproach. " It's no use," IHarry Iceade said to hint one day. " was goail g to fall ins love with Ita Fales myself, but it is evident we all imust yield to yea, so I might as well do it with a good ;:race." "What do you meani'' Frank questioned utarting.l " What do I mean ?" laughed olarry. ", Well, that is cool ! There's no sense in ienying it, old boy ainy one can see you ire idead in love with hlier, and, sad houiighl it be, 'lie true that ste slights every one foryou." " Nonsense!" ecclaimed Fraik. hastily, . sad getttng very red. "I alm actuated by cltirely dillerent motives, Harry. Sonme ri?ic, perhaps, 1 can tell you." l' n w ddingi cards ni1i cake!" retorted fl arry, shaking his head knowingly, as lihe dl) rted away up the street. I 'Fraok g:tzel after himin a mnoment. then wctt on his way thoughtfully. Harry's ! half jesting, half serious words had j arised somio hitherto dormantt con ecit usleos withini himiself, andil from this t.ime his manner changed, lie was pre occupied i, iand singular enough in the gay, lighlt-lhearted young mIIan, often lclanclholy,. InII fact, lhe could no longer coiceal from his oiwn self-scrutiny the fascinationi Ita "ales hadl for him, andl that, had ihe miet her witllhout the previous knowledge oft sotle stranige secret sairroundinig heri, hlie shioulld have loved her with all his heart. Ilut as it was, hle mustconquerall such lemotions. Thle lnystery miigiht lc a shalrceful one. Certainly, from what he kiew of it, somnething it must be lwhichI iprecluded the possibility of hier becoming his. Then Frank's brow wouldl grow dark as hle tholuglht of Arthur St. Clair. Who, what, untd where was lihe ? WVas it really his rightful place that hlie himself had assuindll IIf so, why had it bfenl necessary ? These were questions to which Frank could find no answer, but yet, in the very midst of the pain sunc thoughts brought, his pulses thrilled withl a sweet sense of having for twro hours called hler his wife. Sometimes hlie was tempted to tell her everything, and demanid an explanatioin. But there were inw only a few weeks to pass before the time would come when she had appointed to meet him again at the old chaurh, and he was anxious to see it she would keep her word. 'What would then happen he did not dare think. U1 could hold no bright antiiipatnins of thie future, however. Meanwhile, he did not cease his visits to her who had 1iconeo the source of so much trouble. Tnero was a dangerous fascination in being near her which lie could not resist. CHAPTER II. : One day he found Hairy Meade and his sister with her. Frank could not be blind to the blush that greeted him on !ta'sfairface, and it set his heart throbbing wildly. As if to atone for the involuntarily be trayal, It: inmmediately resumed her conversation withl Miss Mleade, taking little apparent notice of Frank. Thiey were talking of school days. " One is always longing fur them To be over, yet, wheol they are, oeo looks back to them with regret," said Miss Meade. " I was terribly sorry to luave the smciinary and the girls," said Ita. " Sone : of them I lhall never see again." " It must have bIen a pokey place way off there," said Miss Meade. " May I ask where you weroat school?" asked Frank quickly. As lie had suslpected she would, Its mentioned tile town and State where their first peculiar interview had occurred. Had she been at school all tile time, lie wondered jealously. WaisitthereArthur St. Clair lived ? "It wasn't pokey at all," Ita resumed, to Miss Meade. " We used to have splendid times. The only thing I didn't like was Alice Weld's airs. She was smy chief rival and dearest foe." "Aiid' is this your only unpleasant menimory" asked Frank, looking at her intently. . : "I can't say even this is that," Ita answered, glancing up atlhini, and then. down again :quickly. .'When one has been victor in a battle, .it is not a dis agireable remenmbrance, is it ?" She laugbed gayly as she asked the question. .I 'Not a bit of it," said Harry Meade. "It goes withoutesaying, thougllh tliht you i distanced Miss Weld. CBut I hope, Bliss Fales tl.t, there was noyoung man in the Ita's checks dimpled mischicvously, and her eyes twvinkled. " You. iust not ask too manay ques tions, Mr. Mead,," sho sa;d wish a roguish ; i-Doobtlean yodrself, this s iss Weld, and the yoeng man nabout i whom no questions, must, be' askedl, are the chief ,ingredienit in thatL.rmuantic, experience whiich you lithouglf6 would iltch mine!" Frank burst out,' iti a pasm of uncontroll-. able nger:and jealolisy.: ;elta gavri a quick look ant his disturbed countenance, and .it seemed to afford her; soma ground for satisfaction. Her dimples- deepened as -shlo. replied demurely, " What a good guessor you are, Mr. Lorraie I" Frank bit his lip, and while Harry and his sister were besieging her for an accorlt of this ronmance, and shel was laughigily refusing to say another word, he '.rithdrev, to a window in no enviable state of mind. There could no longer be any doubt .naout it.._ She was entirely unworthy ! lNot only did sho have a Hlisty-ytlia-i?? would not bear investigation, but she was a heartless coquletto as well. Whyv had lie allowed himself to become so in fatuated, knowin what ie did of her hidden past ? Woiuld she have the grace to be ashamel d wlhenr she found what he knew, or would she smile still, as if free from guile ? Somethinig Iarry Meade was saying interrupted these bitter reflections by catching his attention. Harry was just beginning to practice law, and was no tling if not legal. "Oine has to be very careful in that Slate," was his remark, jestingily nmade. " They have sort of jumplig-uver-tile brooimstick laws there." " What do you mean ?" Ita inquired unsuspiciously. " lOh, only one is liable to find himself married before lie knows it I'" laughed lnarry. Frank listened eagerly. A slight shade of anxiety crept over Ita's bright face as she asked tremulously, " How can that be ? What is the law ?" " Don't he alarmed, Miss Fales. You are all right, unless you have been ac knowledging somebody as your husband before witnesses." Frank uttered an exclamation. Ita had grown pale, and trembled; but with al etlurt to conceal these traces of emotion she asked carelessly, " Why, what would happen if I-if any body had done that 1' " Shiply, if such a claim was made by either party, it would be a legal mar riage." Ita tried to force her white lips to smile. " How singular !" she managed to say. Then her eyes met tlose of Frank, whiclh were fixed upon her eagerly, lnd tottering backward site fell in a swoon. Miss Meadle sprang and lifted her, while Frank poured out a glass of water, and sprinkled her forehead. I a moment she i revived, and, after the first bewilderment, expressed herself as wholly unable to ac count for ler indisposition. ioe avcidied glanciung i.; Frank'sa rirec tion, and though attelmpting to appear as usual, the effort was perceptible. Tise two young men soon took the:r leavt , i Miss Meade remaining. "Curious slso should have fainted at that particular moment wasn't it I" said Harry, when they were out of hearilng. "It would almost make one suspect that she had been up to somenthing of the kind." " It was a more coincidenoe, ao course," said Frank, briefly. " I suppose it must have been, for I have heard her say they wnor very strict at the school, and she had no gentleman acquaintance except lier cousin, whlom lier father was very anxious to have her narry." " \Vhat is his name ?" asked Frank. "Fales, as hers. Butdo not be jealous, old hoy. He is angular and chemical and grave, and she detests him." As soon as possible Frank parted from lis companion, and went home with his head in a whirl. Was it possible that those two hours in which she had called him lier husband had given hIim tile right to claim lier ? The idea made all his pulses beat wildly. lHer agitation would eemn to prove that there had been no marriage previously with that buhgbear, St. Clair. Perhaps lie had been a villain, who had deceived and deserted her ! The tnmyery seemed to grow deeper, and he felt he could not bear the strain much longer. Fortunately, there were only a few days more before the year would be up. But would she' keep her word, he wondered. -. CHAPTER IV. Miss oMeade settled the latter doubt for him. From her he learned that Its was about to pay a visit to an old schoolmate who lived in the same town where the seminary was. T'iuunphant over this information, and ySt profoundly miserable, Frank went to hid her good-bye before her departure. He had not seen her since the day sho so suddenly fainted, and when she entered the parlor where he waited he was sur-, prised and touched by the change in her appearance. The bright, joyous expres sion at lwhich lie had so often secretly cavilled, because of its seeming incon sistency after what had happened, now had given place to one atnxious and and, such as lie had felt ought to beo upon her face. Yet he was sorry to see it, now it really was there, and iis doubts, some way, melted before it, lea:ing a flood of tenderness in his heart. Shie did nut look at him as she entered, but downward, and was nervous and un like her bright, vivacious self. - " You are going away, I hear ?" said Frank, after a few commonplace remarks had passed between them. " Yea," was her low response. " I have to make a promised visit to a dear school friend, Bertie Snow.. , "-Frankwoell remiembered the rian:e ind' thought of wizened little Iliss SS0ow withl her tears and emotion. What a muddle I it all was! " I hope that you will enjoy it very much," lih said, after a moment, finding nuthing better to express. She pulled the lace on herdress uneasily, while elhe responded,- - "Thank you. One never can tell what may occur, you know." ie moved a little nearer on the sofa where both were sitting. Itrust you have no real reason forany serious apprehension I" "Ahm I I do not know that I have," she answered. Then Ihe saw her lip quiver and a tear steal down her cheek. At this he forgot everything except that lid loved her, anld suddenly grasping the trembling white hand in his, exclaimed impetuously, ' You are in some trouble. Tell 'me let me help you I You needfcar nothing, for: ll-" " No, no !" she interrupted, starting away from him.- " I1 canr tell you least of all! Do not ask me what it is. Let us a-'iy good-bye, and--and do not blame me for anything." I She looked up at him for the first time since his coining, and as her eyes met the eistreaty and tenderness in his brown ones some responsive expression flashed into her own. Then, flushing crimson, she turned and fled front the room. Frank weiit away in a state of mind that lie could not analyze. lIe did not know whether hlie was happy or wretched. IHe passad the remaining time, before starting on his own journey, in alternate bliss and despair; bliss at remembering that last look which had seemed to reveal that Ita loved him-despair at the thought that what he was so soon to learn might separate thenr forever. When at last he approached the old church at the appointed hour, his head burned with feverish excitement. It was a bright moonlight cvening, and hie went up close to the church, in its deepest shadow. He was early, as hIe had intended, and no one was in sight. Pre sently, however, he descried a female figure approaching rapidly, anid soon-re .. ..L-iJi-aJoins.-.daukeJoak.j,,d.~..ara hat of a year ago. Sie came nearer. Frank's heart beat so loud that lie thought she must hear it, but she stopped without perceiving him in the shade whero lie stood. As she glanced around the loonlight fell upon her face, and he could see that it wore an anxious but determined look. Calming himself by an effort, Frank moved, and in a low, partially disguised voice said, "I anm here, Mrs. St. Clair." Ita guse a start of affright, but, quickly recovering herself, said, looking toward the foim hardly distinguishable from the surrounding dusk.- ."I did not see you at first, sir." Frank mumbled something indistinctly in response. " I have kept my word, sir, though not quite in the spirit in which it was made," Ittt continued, with a seriousness that seemed very strange in her. "I have learned since how very wrong I was in doing what I did, and I want first of all to beg your pardon. From what I saw of you, I believe you to be a gentleman, and I amil going to trust you as such." She waited for some reply, lut Frank gave none. He was hesitating whether to reveal himself now or later. His silence surprised her, and she cast a doubtful glance at the little that she could see of him. This decided him, and lie stepped forward slowly. Ita watched his tall figure as it emerged from the shadow, but when his features grew distinct her eyes dilated, as if itlhad been a ghost from the cemetery behind, and she stood staring,stunned and motion less. "It is I," lie said, breaking the silence. At this she found speech. '" You !" she gasped. '" You ! You here! Must I believe that it was you who-ah, how cruel to deceive mse sa lome I" tIrS teOkeC litO sobn, anId went and Sleaued her face against a granite post at the church-yard gate. . Frank lollowed Iquickly, and bent over liher. "Don't feel so badly over it," lie pleaded. "I did not know what to do, the circumstances were so peculiar, and I thought it best to let events shape their sown course until the times you yourself had appointed. If I was wronig, forgive Ilnc. I "TTo tlhink yoll have known it all Ithis time!" sobbed Its. " Hlow you must lhave Ilughled to yourself whenever you saw ne'!" " You misjudge me. It was far too serious a otstter for that, 1 assure you," ho repliedl earnestly. " Can you not rely upotii mi iore tlhan on the stranger you thought to meet ? Do you not know I will do anything to help you, even at the sacrifice of miy own hopes ?" " I-I do not doubt that," she mur mured. Then she stole a glance at him, and cried vehlemently, " Ah, hiow you will despise me when you know all ! h01, I wish I had confessed everything a year ago, as I was tempted to do !" " Can you not have more confidence in me now than you could then ?'' "No," she returned, pettishly, then quickly adding. "that is-- do not mean I have not confidence in ypu, but-it is harder now." "Then I will release you from your proinsie. I will be of any service that I can, but you need tell me nothing." lie moved a few paces farther from hlier as lie thus magnanimously gave liher back her word. Ita looked at him half wist fully, hailf ashamsed. " But I want to tell you,"siheremarked, advancing a little ; " only-you won't detpise mue, will you ?" "Never. IIowever terrible the secret may be, I will give you my aid and sym pathy," he replie4 lrasly, Ziose gazed admiringly. at the manly countenance for an instant, therinlaughed hysterically. "That is the worst of it,"' she said. "If there only was a terrible secret, I would not care so much:" Frank stared. "I don't understand you," he said. " I mean," she explained, twiisting and untwisting her handkerchief, and hanging her head guiltily." I mean that it is all very commnonplace and-and ridiculous. "Ridiculous !" echoed Frank.'. ' Absolutely ridiculous, ' You see it all caime about through the rivalry between Alice Weld and myself at school. She was queen of one section, and I was queen of another. Of course all the girls were very romantic, and here she had at liust an advautagu over ni; she had ia real lover who used to throew notes up to her window tied on stones, ansd all such inte resting things. Then, to boeven, of course I lhad to have a lover, too." Its glanced up at his attentive, per plexed face, and her contrite look changed into a roguish one as she continued. S" I had a most devoted lover whom I dearly loved. His linae was Arthur St. Clair." (Hero Frank frowned.) "As papa was at that time anxious I should marry miy cousin, you see it misde a very nice romance." - ".Very;' said Franlk, drylyS . "'Tiiie onfehksion was torture t him, ;and ash had called it ridiculous. "Arthur St. Clair and I used to have very romantic?mineetings and adventures," resumed Ita. "Paptn grew more and more determined that I should ianrrymly cousin. All the girls were in a dreadful state of ex citement overit, and Alice Weld was no where. Then, just before I graduated, we all thought it would be so romantic if I should secretly marry Arthur, so papa couldn't force me to a union with my cousin, So Arthur and I arranged it all, and Berlio Snow told her aunt, who, hav ing lost a lover in her youth, was very sympathetic, and the}, unknown to me. got up the supper to which Arthur and I were to come aftertheceremony. Arthur not making his appearance, I asked you to come in his place." Frank stood biting his lip jealouslyand frowning. " 1 don't quite understand." he said gloomly. " Where was this Arthur St. Clair that lie dildn't marry you 1' Its tried to look very serious as if feel ing sihe ought, but there was a nmischiev ous twinkle in her eyes, as sheo re. plied, " Don't you see ? There wasn't any such person. It was all an invention from beginning to end." Frank started, stared incredulously, then his countenance changed magically, and he burst into a laugh in which its joined. "l.understand now,"'he exclaimed, as soon as he could speak. ".When Miss Snow invited you to the supper, you didn't know wlhat to do, and cantme and asked me to go." " She didn't tell imn until the last moment," said Its, extenuatingly, " and 1 had seen you pass often and-in ;act, 1 pointed you out to the girls as Arthur. Before 1 left school 1 confessed the whole, greatly to their edificatioin. Poor Miss Snow, idone, 1 did not undeceive. Bertio said it would make her feel so bad. My conscience reproached me for that part, but the other 1 thought a good joke until -until-" She stopped, confused and b'ushing, Frank comprehended her meaning, however. Relieved of his terrible fears, .- a.wois e tu da Miterriblee fears "You were frigluteum y ryed-b?y? 'eaila words," he said. "'Did 1 make such a bad husband those two hours 1" She averted her head. "Oh, no I" sithe murmured. "Then suppose 1 should assert the right Harry says the law gives in this State ?" "1 should have to submit to the law, of course," she returned very meekly. Frank was close to her side now, and, with his lips almnost touching her cheek, whispered, "Don't you think it will be better not to undeceive poor Miss Snow, Ita 1" "Perhaps so-as long as Arthur is you," she replied, with arch tender And then he drew the sweet face up to - his, and Ita's mystery was solved. 