SINGULAR OCCURRENCE AT SINGLETON. (From our Exchanges.) STW«T,TCTO'W. Tttestiat. The town is much excited over the sup posed appearance of a,ghost.':5: Some years ago a man named Vicbefy'v who bad in his possession a large sum of money, is alleged to have loft Siaglotbn one night for his home at Bulga, and to have been Been for the last time when going down to the river near Fawcefct'fi paddockF.' He never reached home, and his disappearance up to the present moment is altogether unttccoufctei? for. Since Vicbery vanished there have been rumours of strange lights and appari tions: about the locality in which he was last seen alive. It is said th'ata well-known resident, while walking along the road one evening in the gloaming, overtook, as he thought, a personal friend, and he tapped this supposed friend on ''the shoulder, only to find that his hand met no resistance, but went through something unsubstantial. The wraith or form, which he tried to touch, immediately vanished. ?During the, last month or two it is asserted that' Btrange lighte have been seen hoveriog aboufcin a paddock near the spot which; is said to:be haunfced; and these iights make their appearance afc 8-35 p.m. On Friday night last a party of six or seven, includingMr Playford and his son and.MrM.oran, employees at the ? jrailwayj station, went to watch for the light.' : At' the hour expected a light suddenly made its appearance in a paddock nearly opposite the cemetery. When first seen the light was about the size which would be emitted from a hand lantern, but different from that in appearance, being thin and diffused, without a ;v very definite centre. It ?was a little above ground, and moved to wards the^ party of watchers, apparently without the aid of human agency. After it had travelled: within, 100 yards or so of the observers, it stopped. The watchers then began to approach the light, when a regular 'wiirV the_ wisp'.. chase com menced. As^h^^ur?tiefi:|ipproached the light, which had^gained '-considerably in size, it began to retreat at a rate exactly regulated to : the ^movements cf the followers. If they ran, it moved very quickly, and keptpace with them. If they walked; it went at a Blower rate ; if they Btood still, it Btopped. Finally, after lead ing them a pretty long chase in the paddock and by the river/the mysterious lighii.vanished, and was seen no more that night. A -party of over 100 people, on hcrse and on foot and in buggies, were out last night. They watched for a long time, Saw nothing, and most of them returned to town, but a few who remained later assert, however, that they again saw the mysterious light. 