Opeaiagof thoCatkoIic JSkasoh. Sdndat. the 2nd,of June, wiU long I»e re membered by the Bo man Catholic com- j munity in thisdistrictas a'day of special importance- On Sunday last, the new E. C. Church, , which has Just been erected, was blessed and opened in due form by. Dr. Torreggiafii tfie Bishop of Armidale. His Lordship, accompanied by the Very Bey. J>r. Sheehy.vicar-generalof the Axch Diocese ©fSydney, arrived by train on Saturday, and wdrfe met-at the station "by; the Very Be v. Dean Flanagan and several; members of the Chnrch Committee, and thence driven to Mr. Fitegfctald's hostelry. The arrangements for. Sunday were of a meet complete .character, and the Com-. mittee, which included Messrs. Fitzgerald, Simonds, kefly, Cassidy; 'Whyborhe, and Croke, had worked «o energetically and thoroughly that the many services of SUn I day passed off.most Successfully. The Church was blessed by Bishop, Torreggianiat 8 o'clock in the morning. , Masses were held "at 9, 10, and *11 -a.m., After the eleven o^clock. Mass,. Br. "Sheehy preached the sermon.' The -doctor :is a ; fluent speaker, and held1 the attention of the large-congregation throughout bis able diBWtUSe," Ms-be^Ohii^—5^''1 ■'* ; r|tieh the days, of Pentecost a-ere aecom wbrkfor wbifeh he caine npoft earth, hav ing de stroyed the . empire of sin, having eetab lished the kingdom of bis justice, built up the edifice of His Cburcb in His labors mingled with flu blood, .pepved beyond doubt the truth of Hib resurrection by his ' different appearances to the holy women, the apostles, land numbers of His disciples. After having, during 40 days of His risen life, conversed with them concerning the j kingdom of Cod, his church , enlightening them about the sacraments, the govern ment of His church, and other, matters, having taught them by word and example j the way to heaven,- prepared to return to j His Father in heaven. He" leads them j forth from -Jerusalem to Bethany, and so ascends into heaven... The angels appear, ; and they return - to Jerusalem. They -had j been directed to abide there "until they ; should he endued with power from on high." How, " when the days of Pente cost do." ohr blessed Lord bad . promised that he would send the paraclete, the spirit; of trntib. This day that proinisevas ful filled Pifty days after the Besurrection, j the hew law,was promulgated from -Mount , Sinai,onthe day of the .Jewish Pentecost, j when was commenced the* giving of the Old Law upon Mount Sinai., There, it was in the midst of tb under and lightening and : the elangor of trumpets, that - the Law off ear wasglven, bnt the HewLaw is a -law of love .given under the influence of the migbtywind,and under the appear ance of the fiery tongues, signifying the effect it was to produce. What was the effect produced intheApostles? They* who had fled away from their Divine Mas tor in. the moment-of trial, and who had hiddenthemeelvesin-thatuppercbamber in Jerusalem, -tbrough fear of the Jews, how filled with the Holy Spirit, and iih bned with above; go forth lucothe streets oftue "city, a'nc .pro-'1' claim the necessity of believing in the divinityoftheLord Jesus Christ. ■■Such is the; effect of that first christian sermon preached by fit. Peter, that-30^ . ore con verted. Then baptism is admtn istered. |; The Acts toll us ■ how the Christians as sembled together for the breaking ofbre&d; (the boly eacrament).. The apostles lay their hands on the converted . and they too : receive the Holy Ghost and proclaim lix; divers tongues the wonderinl works of Clod.= Others are ordaiued for the sacred ministry, and the work of tfie-churcb goes on. That which was begun in Jerusalem has bfeen continued during the ages until the pre sent, and nation after nation has been to- ■! lightened by the gift of Faith." How apO propriate is the selection of, this day, on . which we commemorate the establishing of God's Kingdom upon earth. His church, for the ceremony of this day. To-day this edifice, which'the seal of your pastor, se- .; conded by your piety, has caused to be j erected, has been set apart for the service of Hod, a temple in which God will be honoured and His holy name in-,, voted upon you, and His Word preached to j .you. Here, too, will be brought your cbil- ■ i dreu to be cleansed from the stain of oii- j gmal sin. Here will the holy sacrifice be offered, and the other sacraments of the holy church administered. „, This ptrito" will in future be for you a^oentre Of | attraction. It will be a source from j which God's graces will "flow to your.] Souls. But why, it may be asked, build : temples to God? Why erect altars; i and. offer sacrifice 9 %e not God every- ; where present^ and may we not -offer Him ; the homage of our souls without ibis out ward action of sacrifice in places specially consecrated to His worship F * Undoubtedly ma might. But aas man is not merely ft spirit.btifc ; material requires the homrige of both ' body <u«l soul, hence the nhcetoity of exterior worship, not .only prayer but also 'sacrifice. Thus ., it was from the beginning. In the Boot of Genesis we find Abel'offering sacrifice of the firstlings of his flock , Noah coming forth from the Ark, "built an alter unto the Lord and offered holocausts on jtbei altar" ; Abraham built an.? altar on -wbhh to offer his eon in sacrifice, and immolated thereon the ram, &c.; Later on we Itove the vision of Jacob, in which "webeheld&he; , ** ladder standing upon the earth endtbe top thereof touching Heaven, the angels Of Godascending apd descending by it, and the Lord leaning upon the ladder speaking to him. And awakening out of his sleep he said.5 * Indeed the-Lord is in this place and 1 knew it not! How ter rible is this place j This is no other than tlie house bf God end the gates of Heaven .' And he took the stone which had laid | under his head and Set it up for a temple, I pouring oil upon tbe top of it. And he said; 'This stone which I have set up for, ft temple shall be called the House of ■ God.'" Afi time rolls on, we read in the book of BxoduB how,Hod commanded Moses to make the tabernacle and the ark in which were to be preserved the Tables of the Law, And Hie manns-and the rod Of Aaron. This was indeed the first -temple of God upon earth, yet it was .only a Moveable tent, composed of the most precious materials it is true. Whentbe peoplebeeamesettledinl.tBelanatfEr^ miss, then 'David resolved tohoilta House for God, for he said it was not fitting that, he should dwell in a house of cedarwhUst ; the Ark of the Covenant - was lodged' in a I tent of skins. This temple was built by Solomon. Siidi was its beauty and mag nifibence that it was the wonder of the world. With the '.greatest solemnity it1 was dedicated, to the Lord. Solomon prayed: " Let thy eyes be ©pen andlet thy earsbe attentive to the prayer that is made in thisplace."—Per.2 v., o. 7. And ' when he had finished his prayer, fire came down from Heaven and - consumed the; hotocansts -and the victims, and the ma jesty of the Lord fillod the house. This te mple and its ark were only figures of what was to be in after time. That glorious'temple was destroyed, and when the Becond temple was built after the re torn from theeaptivify of Babylon, they 1 who remembered the. glory of the former -temple were sad, but the Lord comforted them and declared by the prophet Aggeus, that this second temple should he more glorious - than the first, becausethe Re deemer was to outer therein: " I will fill this house with glory, saith the Lord of Hosts." And are not these words ful filled in the, churches where God resides in his holy sacrament ? -The first christian i churCh was that upper chamber in Jeru salemiwharejowr-ljwd-instituted the bleBsed ! sacrament. Daring the days of persecu tion the divine -mysteries bad to be cele brated in septet. In the catecpmb and in bidden places the .early christians met for: the worship of the true Cod, but when peace wasestablished and liberty of worship was given to the christians under Con stantino, magnificent temples were built and everything most precious used to beautify them, as , in the. days of! Hoses, and so on through ages men deem nothing too grand or too rich, when there was the question of building a house for, God. And now whether it is the lowh structure in an obscure place, or ; the grand cathedral of the city, the chil dren of the church make their offerings, such as In their poverty, or their affluence,, they canaffopd, to build and ornament and beautify the house of God.And sill this because as David said/ the work istobuild a house not for man but for God. For what purpoBe then are . oar christian templet bnilt ? For sacrifice, for prayer, for instructing the flock and feeding them' with the word of God, and his sacraments. This church then is a houBe of prayer. ! "My house shall be called a house ofi prayer," but more than this, it is the j temple of the living God, more precious in *: his sight than the Temple ofJerusalem, ; for here He is really present amongst his J people, as of ten as the holy sacrifice is of- 1 fared. "I will fill thy honse with glory, saith the Lord." " Holiness becometh Tby House, O Lord."—Psalms. With what re- j verence does the true christian treat the temple and the sanctuary of the Lord? How we should be shocked to behold any thing sordid or mean or any sympton of neglect about the altar, end justly so. \ Well, Wo are to remember that there are other temples besides the material ones erected for the tfbrship of God." Our ' bodies are the temples of the Holy Ghost. i'Ue wnptlhe Mjs lo ve in tlie words of St. Paul (let CorintbiainB), " Know you not that yon are" the temples of God and' the spirit of Goddwelleth in you?. But if any manViolafe the temple of God, him shall God djgstroy^f or the temple of God is holy—which you are." "By ^sm the living temples of God are defiled. .Therefore strive to preserve yourselves pure and un- ; defiled, consecrated as you havebeentothe Lord, just as the material temple is by the ceremonies of this day. Walk before Him in holiness and justice ail the days of your : lives. Godshvbo has inspired yon to build this church for his glory, has biassed your efforts so far. "You have made your offer- ' ings. and you will not -cease nntil all is completed, and so you will be entitled to • say with the BoyalPsalmist" I haveloved, | O Lord, the beauty of Thy Honse and the i places where. Thy glory dwellsth." * A number of candidates were confirmed j bytheBishop. i At 2 o'clock a public meeting was held; j when addresses were delivered and a state ment of accounts rendered by the com mittee. ' The latter was extremely satis factory. While the. original contract only j amounted .to -£S6, the building complete with the organ had cost no less "than JB206, and ©fthisbig Amoun t all had been paid offimftke cost of the organ, amounting to 1 £33 13s (landed in Deepwater). During a j private discussion later on, the Bishop granted Ids authority for the Dean to bold service each alternate week in Deepwater, instead of once a month as formerly- This should give general local satisfaction. Dr. Torreggiani, in congratulating the Dean and the -congregation on the splen-, did Buccessof their effort, said they had be-, gun well and done it well, and he hoped soon to see the church lined and to he able j to congratulate the Very Eev. Dean jaei ['■** 