ANOTHER INTERVIEW WITH MARK TWAIN. . <B* A Sharbb^oker.) Seeing that Vice-Consul Murphy, "who is connected with many mining ventures in the West, had been shepherding Mark Twain to what I •considered was an unreasonable ex tent, I determined to beard the lion maned gentleman in his den, and so presented myself at Meeker's South Australian Hotel with the idea of ' doing a little business. I had some trouble in getting in to see the humorist, because he was holding a *sort of interview with lawyers, doctors, politicians, clergymen, and pressmen, and the way these people were ' laughing made me think that Mark must have been saying something ifunny. But it wasn't that at all; the visitors were laughing at their own remarks. They had carefully prepared them beforehand, and they were firing them off just as opportunity offered. Sometimes two of them would get to work at once, and it often happened that they had the same joke to work off I never saw a man look so tired as Mark. He looked as though he could have shot the Consul, the literary lawyers, the doctors, the clerics, the mongrel verse writers, and the pressmen with an excess of plea sure. Some of them were actually palming off his jokes as their own. Taking advantage of a lull in the conversation I approached Twain and remarked— "Sir!" "What? Another of them?" he said wearily. I was waving some papers in my right hand at the time, and I saw his mistake at once. " Mr. Twain," I hastened to say,," I am not a poet." " Thank God !" he murmured. " Neither am I a literary lawyer." " Thank God " he exclaimed once more. "Nor am l a doctor, or a parson, or a pressman, or that remarkable specimen of the human race who belongs to none of the classes I have named but yet fondly imagines that he had the divine afflatus concealed somewhere about his person." "Thank God!" Mark muttered again. " Go on." " I have merely called upon you," I proceeded, " to place before you the incalculable benefits that will result from investments in any of the follow ing syndicates, of which I am the promoterThe Grab'em All, the No vpains Without Gains, The Blue » «What was that?" he interrupted, " The Blue Jay ? I should like to have a share in that." . • "Wait a minute, sir," T went on, "I have not iiaif completed the list. I have here also the Huckleberry Finn, the Tom Sawyer, the Innocents Abroad, the Prince and the Pauper, the Stolen White Elephant, the——" " Stop, sir," cried he rising from his chair almost white with rage. "You are reading me a poem after all. I'm disgusted. It's playing it down real low on a pilgrim and a stranger in a barren land." " A poem!" I shrieked, gently placing my hands upon his slender shoulders. "Nothing of the sort. I never wrote a poem in my life. These are merely the titles of some West Australian gold-mining syndicates." " Forgive me, my dear fellow," he said, sinking back into his chair, " it sounded so much like some of the verses I read in one of the papers the other* day. And these are all genuine concerns?* " Sir," I exclaimed in indignation, " I assure you that any syndicates with which I am connected are invariably genuine." "Very well," he replied wearily, "just put me 'down lor a thousand shares in each. But let me down as lightly as you can. Remember Fm a pilgrim arid a— I did not allow him to complete this sentence, but producing the neces sary application forms and a bottle o£ ink and a pen I always carry about with me, I placed them before him. He was just about to sign when "Mr. Clemens, we were just dis cussing your best work, ' Huck Finn/ and Mr/ Queensee and myself were wondering whether, as a character, you preferred Huck to Tom Sawyer." This came from a stoutly built young fellow, who looked a perfect poem—of the massive sort. "I am inclined to think that Mr. Clemens must give his fancy to his early love, Jim Smiley," broke in a heavy- faced young man, with the ex pression of a student, who carried a little gilt- edged volume in his left hand. " It seems to me that all literary men must remain constant to their early loves." Then a tall, stout, dark, good tempered newspaper man chipped in with—• ■. * " I think we've disturbed Mr. Clemens enough for one evening. Good-bye, sir." He was the most sensible man of the lot, but the others simply would not budge. And there they were standing between me and a commis sion of threepence a share on I don't know how many shares ! The Babel was joined in by a pompous looking, red-bearded person, who looked as if he had taken pos session of the room, and they discussed the works of poor Mark Twain. "I think that 'The Innocents* Abroad'——" " Bah! 4 A Tramp Abroad' is " "Caesar's Ghost! I consider that ' Tom Sawyer ' is by far the— " Tnen there was a bustle and a clatter, and the poets, lawyers, doctors, and pressmen were thrust aside by an energetic little man, who stood mopping his* face with his handker chief for a moment, and then ex claimed—' "For Goi's sake, gentlemen, give him room. Don't yon see that he has fainted ?" It was the Much-Travelled ! They faded away one by one, and at length there was none in the room save Mark, the Much-Travelled, and myself. We slowly fanned the humorist back to consciousness. Sud denly Mark's eyes opened on me, and he cried— "Ha! The poet!" " I beg pardon, Mr. Jumping Frog," I answered with much dignity, " I am merely the promoter of——" " It's all the same," yelled the humorist, who was evidently beside himself; " take him away, Sroythe, take him away, or I shall forget that I am in Australia." His hand worked its way con vulsively to his hip pocket* where I am sure a revolver was concealed, and I offered op a short prayer for deliverance. Whereupon Smythe took me firmly by the ear and led me out of the room. I wanted to turn back for a personal explanation, bnt an inter vention of something leathery between myself and the door prevented such a proceeding. Thus was a good interview spoilt; thus was lost a glorious opportunity for the introduction of American .... " • -M. capital into Wesfcralia. 