CHATTERINGS. [By an Occasional.] Daring the past week it has been my privilege to fall in with quite a number of mining men—some who were going west and some who had come from that golden country. There was an astonishing amount of unanimity about each of them. One man had either made a fortune or was going to make one; the other didn't mean to deviate from the general track, only he meant to make two fortunes. I saw these gentry under various aspects. They were perfectly sober or perfectly full, just as the state of the exchequer per mitted. If they were representing syndicates it could be calculated upon that they had a good sum of money in their trousers' pockets, and were ready to shout for air and sundry. If not in quite so advantageous a position they had a chunk of quartz which went hundreds of thousands of ounces of gold to the ton to flutter in your face and make you feel like an incipient millionaire. * * * Occasionally one hears a really good story from a returned gold fossicker, and that which T am going to give you is, I think, a case in point. The hero of the story is a; Frenchman, who has very small: acquaintance with the Englishlanguage, and whose presence in Australia—to be more particular, West Australia is occasioned by a desire on the part of his countrymen to acquire interests which will ensure them an easy entrance through the heavenly gates, according to the teaching of some latter-day parsons. This son of Gaul had some business to transact with a well-known Cornish miner, who has made his impress on the mining history of South Australia. Let him tell his story in his own words, so far as I am able to reproduce them " I MISS EMMA TEMPLE. did meet this gentleman-—this captain —and I did say to him that I was anxious to buy a property of which he knew. He said, 1 Comeandaveadrink.' ' But no,' I said, ' not till we have finished our business.' But he dragged me into his office and asked, * What's yours !' I said, c My friend, we will now discuss about this mine.' But he produced a large bottle and two glasses, and said, 'Say when.' Of course it was good of him to do this, and I fell in with the customs of the country. Then he poured me out almost a tumblerful of what I thought was the Australian wine, and said, 'Say when,' again. Then I noticed that he had a decanter of water in his right hand. But I shook my head. I would not adulterate your good Australian wine. But, mon Dieu, what did I drink ? It was the strongest brandy ! And, oh ! how my stomach did ache." To properly appreciate this story you ought to hear it as it was* told to me. . The pen cannot accurately describe the events as they actually occurred. This is a mysterious communication I have received this week:—" When a musician infuses into his performances the divine fire of his own genius, the audience conclude that he is playing according to the music as written or such as amateurs are accustomed to. Should he recognise with perfect accuracy the details of the printed paper, he is called a 'mechanical machine.' Should a musician not 'strand' in Adelaide if 'the ghost does not walk9 and live through Melbourne and Sydney, he is called 'the greatest exponent' we have ever had. * * * These thoughts make me sad. For we have in Adelaide musical ability which cannot be controverted even by a local musical critic, which is saying a great deal. Professor Ives might write a fugue which would be equal to anything ever composed by Bach ; Mr. T. N. Stephens might produce a cantata which at least would be equal to anything written by the scores of religious composers who have attempted to write cantatas ; and Mr. Whatdye maycallem might have written the best opera ever produced on this side of the tropics—but there you are, don't you see ? I'm not a musical man my self—I only wish that I were—but I could tell you if I chose of musicians who have been locally snuffed out, of people who have said when his com positions have been heard for the first time, 'Oh, that reminds me of Sullivan,' of critics—I don't mean the regular critics—who couldn't discriminate be tween A fiat and B fiat, and yet have the consummate impudence to give the public instruction oh musical matters— there ! I am getting savage, and I shall not write another line on the subject. A very great friend of mine looked in on me the other day to have a talk on affairs in general, and the universe in particular. Arising out of a de sultory conversation came some talk on the matter of praying for rain, and my friend, who wouldn't have his name mentioned for Jupiter, Saturn, or Mans, told me a little story of an experience he once had in South Aus tralia. The occasion was a drought— there often is such a catastrophe in South Australia—and a day of humiliation and prayer had been set apart, the said day being of course a Sunday. Equally of course the cloud no bigger than a man's hand had made its appearance on the western horizon some time previously, but the prayers that were sent up skywards were none the less vehement in con sequence. During this particular service the rain came down in an incessant - flow that ought to have rejoiced the clerical heart It almost deadened the sound of his appeals to the Architect of the Universe! Tet when the proceedings were over the pastor of the flock, standing at the church door, was heard to murmur, "I wish this rain would stop." He had forgotten his umbrella. * ♦ ;♦ I hear a lot of funny stories told at the expense of teetotal folk, and two that have reached my preter naturally long ears this week are I think worth reporting. Singularly enough both incidents occurred in the same ^district, which is situated some fifty miles to the south of the city. Let me tell you the yarns pre-. cisely as they were told to me. A man was dying. His wife went into the local hotel and asked for two shillings' worth of brandy, which was to help her husband in his battle against the Grisly King of Terrors. She obtained that of which she was in quest, and the old man held out. Next night she put in an appearance, and asked for a shilling's worth of the same liquid. She was supptied as a matter of course, and went on' her way rejoicing. The following evening she was on the job once more, and asked for another shilling's worth. Said the publican, "Don't you think it would be as well to buy a bottle straight outf1 To this she. made reply, "Oh, no, the old man might die in the meantime^ before was able to drink it !*' 1 The same publican had an experience of a somewhat similar sort. A man who lived about eight miles out of the township had been ordered by his medical attendant to drink sodawater, and he woke the landlord up in the middle of the night to order one bottle of the gaseous liquid. The next day he put in an appearance and ordered three bottles. The landlord, with an idea towards economy, advised that a dozen should be purchased, but the notion was scouted. Then came a request by note, " Please send one bottle of sodawater by coach.91 The coach leaves at three o'clock in the morning, and the pleasure of that landlord can be imagined. * * * * ' "M," McDouall Peak, writes:— "We have a man here, weight, 20stone; height, 5 feet 4 inches; and width, 5 feet 4 inches (around the waist I mean). Now, this man wants to go to Adelaide for a change, having been up here over 4 years. A traveller came along and told him that he could not go, because he Said that he would be taken up under the 'Tire Act,9 simply because his body was too heavy in proportion to his feet. Now, this poor fellow is in a great state about this. Please can you advise what can be done." Well, I should think the best to be done would be to construct a balloon at McDouall Peak. If gas is required let the Parliamentary members for the district supply it. 