OCCASIONAL PAPERS. THE MAKING 0? A SHRINE. An article illustrating the potency of the religious principle in our natures, and show ing how easily it can be started into action with permanent effect, appears in the i\Tine (e(nth Century for February. It is written by Mrs. Lily Wolffsohn, and entitled as above, " The Making of a Shrine." The essential parts of the story, leading up to "the making," are pleasantly told as follows:— There is qnite a little market held this beautiful November Sunday morning along the high road in front of the church of the Holy Rosary at Valle di Pompei. A butcher (the single one) has hung ont his joints ; a fruit vendor sets forth well-filled baskets of pears, apples, and grapes ; small cafes and osterias have set tables laden with cups and plates on the side-walk, shaded them with white awnings, and adorned them with white and red flags. At the shrine of the Madonna di Pompei Mass is being performed all day long, tie hours of service being arranged according to the arrival of trains, which uring successive crowds of worshippers. In the early morning the congregation is Twvtnlo mnatlv* trnniAn who wear a handkerchief tied over their heads in the uupicturesque fashion of York shire factory girls. Later people arrive by carriage from out-of-the-way places, take lunch at the " Restaurant of New Pompei," and make a day's pleasure-excursion of their pious pilgrimage, sometimes uniting with, it a visit to Old Pompei, the ruins of which lie within a stone's throw. How did this richly-decorated and miracle working shrine arise 5 ■ Twenty years ago, this spot of land, wild and rough of aspect, held a small hamlet of scattered huts, called simply Valle, or The Valley : possessing a wayside tavern and a half-ruined parish church. For many years the place had been noted for its brigands and robbers, and, after the year I860, became iatuous as the hannt of the dreaoed chief Pilone. It stood on the site of a feudal city of some importance from the eleventh to the sixteenth century. About 1740 the old town was deserted, the air having become pestilential, probably from some displacement and stagnation of the waters of the Sarno, w hich waters the whole plain between the mountains. And, at last, there remained only the above-named hamlet and the scattered cottages of the agricultural labourers. Much of the land had become the property of Countess de Fusco ; the inhabitants began to neglect all religious rites and duties, and sank into a very barbaric state. It was at this period that the parish priest began to use, for signing his registers, a seal with the in scription, "Parish of San Salvatore, in the ancient valley ot Pompei," which led to the present official name of Valle di Pompei. The inhabitants (poor and ignorant) be came thoroughly stultified, and it not in frequently happened that old people, in capable of work, were forsaken by their families, and forced to take refuge in some deserted lime-kiln, or perished miserably and alone in some wretched hut. In bad weather a flood of water ran down the steep southern side of Vesuv-ius, deluging and destroying the higl". road, and rendering traffic difficult and dangerous. In this isolated condition the people grew grossly superstitious, believing firmly in I witchcraft. All their actions were accom panied by senseless ceremonies. When a farmer nurchased a cow or calf, the owner. on leading it ont of the stall, caet a handful ! of earth over its back, and hung his mother's spindle to its horns, to keep off the evil eye. [ If anyone broke a lirub or suffered pain of any kind he sent for a witch, who murmured a charm while making the sign of the cross. In the case of slight ailments a walk to Torre Ar.nunzi&ta; and a drink of sea-water were considered a sovereign remedy. If a peasant desired to be revenged on an enemy he ap plied to a professional wizard living in the mountains, who for a small sum undertook to rid his customer of the enemy. Even now some of the inhabitants of Valle di Pompei believe that a man born on Christmas Eve will become a wizard or be changed into a wolf. Not so very long ago highway robbers lay in wait for passing travellers among t'ne ruins of the amphitheatre or the hollows of the pnmice-stone hills. In this way the then director of the Eftuk of Naples was once cap tared, and only released on payment of a high ransom ; sbd hire, too, scatter and a bailiff were robbed ana murdered. Travellers dreaded the Valle, and traversed this part of the highway to Saiemo iii fehr of their lives; and in the " Annals of the Realmof Naples," a note was appended in 1872 to -the name of Valle di Pompei which ran as follows :—" A solitary, gloomy, and dangerous locality." It was in October of that year that a native of Lecce, Don Bartolo Longo, practising as a barrister in Naples, and married to the Countess de Fnsco, went to Vaile di Pompei on some business connected with his wife's estate. He was met by two of her principal tenants armed with gnns, who told him that a oertain famous brigand, believed to be dead, was, on the contrary, biding in the mountains, and often visited Valle ai Pompei. Daring the course of the day} Don Bartolo paid a visit to the parish priest, visited the rotten and small parish church, and learned that the greater part of the parishioners, numbering 1,200, never went to cbnrch and lived in a" state of pitiable ig norance. Don Bartolo was struck with pity for the poor wretches, who could not even send their children to school. He frequently visited the place, and relates how one day, while walking in melancholy mood in a desolate spot, he was inspired by the con viction that there was no better way to save a sinner than by propagating the worship of Onr lady ot the Rosary. He vowed to institute that worship in that desolate spot before he died. No sooner had the row passed his lips than he felt a heavenly calm descend apon hiB spirit, and, as he heard the Angelas ringing, he knelt down and prayed, rising with the firm determination to fulfil his vow. He began by visiting the ecattered houses in the district, giving presents of rosaries and medals to the inhabitants—gifts that were eagerly accepted, as the bright metal Beamed to the people to have at least some monetary value. Most of the people had no idea of prayer, were incapable of repeating tbe Ave Maria, and seem en inaccessible. Bat Don Bartolo soon discovered that they cherished a fond reverence for their dead, and complained bitterly that when anyone died, his corpse was carried off to a distaut cemetery without a bob! to follow it Taking advantage of this pions sentiment in the people, Don Bartolo by 1874 had sue I ceeded in forming a Confraternity of the Rosary, the members of which undertook I tbe duty of following funerals and reciting the prayers. Learning further from the parish priest that the people were very fond of fairs and festivals, games, wrestiing matches, and such like, Don Bartolo resolved to institute a festival on the feast of the Madonna of the Rosary in October, and to form a great lottery, the prizes of which, rings and ear rings, should tempt the women of the neigh bourhood to attend, He went to Naples, and begged from his friends and acquaintances allkindsof medals, picturesof saints, rosaries, and statuettes, and, at the proper time, took them to Valle di Pompei, together with a hundred crucifixes, such as hang at the heads of the beds in cottages. He arranged a lottery at tickets of two soldi (less than a penny) each, tiie first five pnzoa to consist of objects »n pure out mm Neapolitan gold. , other 800 prizes were iormed ot -thh .medals, crosses, Ac., which he liad collected. He ordered a band of music from ihe jown of Pagano: arranged that High Mass should he performed in the old church, and begeed his own fatliercon fessor to preach on the Kosary ; there being no picture of the Virgin at Valle, he took there a small lithograph surrounded by the fifteen mysteries, wbicn usually hung at tiie head of his own bed. But on the day appointed a violent thunder storm frustrated all his plans. The neighboring populations and the aristocratic friends he had invited were equally ] _ prevented from attending. His father-confessor, preach ing to.the few peasants who entered the church, nsed such, good Italian that they, accustomed only to the dialect, failed to understand him. Undismayed by this hindrance, Don Bartolo set to work to arrange another fair and lottery for the following year, to announce which he sent a peasant woman, notorious for her stentorian voice, to all the country side£ while he himself traversed the neigh bourhood collecting subscriptions either in money, Corn, or cottgp. The people re sponded to his efforts, interested themselves in his plans, and many women, unable to give anything elBe, parted with their gold necklaces or pearl earrings. This time the festival took place with great success. Don Bartolo now interested the higher clergy in his work, and a mission to Y&lle; di Pompei was arranged. In October, 1875, great progress had been made. Already Bome pions person had pre sented the old church with a new altar, npon which was placed a statuette of the Virgin. That year*6 feast was more brilliant than l>e fore. So many persons crowded to the church that Mass had to be performed at a temporary altar erected out ot doors, and the Bishop of- Nola administered the saorament with great pomp. He urged Don Bartolo not to remain content with erecting an altar to the Madonna of the Rosary, but to build a church worthy to be her shrine, and advised his listener to commence a collection for the purpose of one sou a month, which no good Catholic, be he poor as he might, would re fuse. He himself promised a donation of fire hundred francs. Don Bartolo was astounded at this proposal, thinking it im possible with such insignificant means to arrive at the end proposed. Not long after, while conversing with hie hosts at the Countess's country house, just opposite the old parish charch, and pointing id a field next to it, the Bishop said, " That shall be the site of your shrine!" The subscriptions were now set on foot, and succeeded beyond expectation. Rich and poor, old and yonng, were solicited for one sou a month for the purpose of building a church. The clerical mission also did its work ; the people were taught to pray. But, according to the rules of ecclesiastical liturgy, the picture before which they prayed must be an oil-painting. Don Bartolo went to Naples with tne intention of purchasing one at an antiquarian's shop, and was eagerly wishing to meet a certain Neapolitan friend who would help bim to bargain, when the very man appeared before him. Together they ransacked the shops, but the price demanded was always too high. Time pressed, for the picture was wanted at Valle di Pompei for special prayers the very next day. At last D»on Bartolo s friend remembered that he knew a nan who possessed an old painting of the Madonna of the Rosary, and the friends sought her oat st Porta Medina. She still bsd the picture, bat the paint was peeling off, and tne figures were so coarse and vulgar that Don Bartolo cried out in disappoint ment " Don't hesitate," said the nun, fitake the picture ; it is good enough for the people to worship." Tne picture was large, and now the trouble was how to convey it to Valle di Pompei in time. Don Bartolo re membered that a carrier from the place was in Naples and about to return. To him he confided the picture, himself starting later for Valle by train. When the picture at last reached that place, what waa his HUmay in I finding that tt had :betn brought on the top of a dung-cart! And when he presented it to the three missionaries and other clericals assembled, there was a general smile at tbe poor old thing, and it was cast into a comer behind the altar. Next day it was given to a painter who. was sketching in Pompei, and restored to something like decency. Shortly the mission ended, and at the dose of the year Don Bartolo received from the General of the Dominican order a diploma as founder of the Confraternity of the Kosary in Valle di Pompei the diploma being con firmed by the Bishop of Nola. And now, the old pictnre having been placed on the altar, the rumour spread of a miracle having been performed by its means on a young girl in Naples, who, afflicted with epilepsy, had repaired to the Shrine of the Madonna of Lonrdes in a church at Naples in vain, but lmd miraculously recovered her lienlth on the very day of the placing of the ... f ti,» Mnrlfinna ot Pomnei, to whom picture of the Madonna of Pompei, the sick girl's mother had made a \ The news spread like wild-fire ; the shrine began to attract universal attention ; pilgrims crowded to it, especially on the Bolemn festivals in May and October; princes, cardinals, priests, and even royal personages joined the Confraternity, Offerings arrived from all parts of the world ; artisans and artists viea with each other in proposing to I work gratis in decorating the future church, - j and shrines were erected to the Madonna of Pompei in other churches. On the 8th of May, 1878, the first stone of the new church was laid with great pomp. It iB the day dedicated by the Catholic Church to the Archangel Michael, who was chosen protector of the new shrine; all the more because tradition attaches to Mount St, Angclo, which towers above Valle di Pompei, the apparition of the saint in the 'seventh century to the Bishop of Castella ! mare, St, Cutellas, enjoining him to build a chapel on the summit, while at the same mounta pure spring of water issued at the spot indicated, which still quenched the tliirst of pilgrims thither until the year 1SOO, when the brigands took possession of the chapel as a hiding- place, and it was destroyed by the soldiers to get rid of the brigands. The marble statue of the archangel placed by St. Catellus in the chapel still exists, and is worshipped in the cathedral of Casteba mure. The day of the laying of the first stone of the new church Rt Valle di Pompei was superb. A tent was erected on the ground containing an altar with-the picture of the Virgin. The Bishop of Nolo, attended by a long train of priests, performed.Mass. The crowd of peasants was immense, and more than three hundred distinguished personages attended the ceremony. On the anniversary of this day ten years later, a delegate from the Pone, Cardinal La Valletta, was able solemnly to consecrate the high altar of the Madonna of the Rosary in the new church. Leo the Thirteenth himself blessed the marvellous diadem of diamonds, sapphires, and other precious stones That, in , the Italian fashion,was placed on the surface of the picture in the spot it would have occu pied had it adorned a statue. The Virgin has, besides, a necklace of brilliants forming j the word Rosario. A shining star is on her j brow ; two rich 6olitaires form her ear-rings, and the rosary which shegives to St.Catherine, and that which the iufant Jesus presents to | St, Dominic, are also.iormed of diamonds. The Virgin's shoes are of gold and diamonds, her mantle is starred with them, and beneath the picture precious stones form the words J Ave Maria, Before being placed on the rich high altar, { the picture had been again restored by the | celebrated Neapolitan painter Maldarelli,who j ascribed the lovely expression of the Madonna's face to an especial grace conferred ! on his art by her. I The shrine of the Madonna of Pompei has j become the possessor of innumerable eccle siastical privileges, and the I'ope has taken it under his immediate jurisdiction; the church is adorned by marbles from Bagneres and Carrara, by large modem sacred pictures j in its six side-chapels, and by Venetian , ! mosaics. The facade, is still wanting, but | j the marble for that is being prepared, and ; i this year the inauguration of this final work j will take place. I And now we will briefly relate, as an in stance of faith in the nineteenth century, the story- of one of the most striking miracles ' attributed to the Madonna of Poinpei, at tested to by the then Bishop of Lacedonia the town in which it occurred, by the Bishop , of Nols, and by numerous witnesses, who I legally signed their depositions at the in stance of Bon Bartolo, " so that," as the' latter says in his account of the affair, "un-l believers may have no reason to deny the | miracle." Maria Antonietta Balestrieri iB the daughter ! of a respectable postmaster in the town of Lacedonia, in the province of Avellino. She lost her mother when 6he was only three! years old. Her father married again, and in the year 1887 the stepmother and daughter both joined the Confraternity of the Madonna of Pompei. In 1S&3 Maria Antonietta was a beautiful healthy girl of nineteen years of age, but on the Gth of April of that year she was attacked by a terrible malady, which crippled all her limbs, distorted her spine, and at last reduced her to a state of the j greatest misery. From the contraction of the mnscles her hands were tightly closed, and the finger-nails penetrated the palms, causing deep wounds. The patient oould scarcely endure nourishment; ber left cheek was! paralysed, and her mouth drawn to one side. She was reduced to a skeleton, and her eyes could bear no light, so that she preferred to remain in total darkness. Bv-and-by the physicians gave up all hope of saving her family resorted to prayer, and, with the father at their head, recited the novene of the i Madonna of the Rosary, and repeated the 15 { mysteries. On the 10th of July of that year , (1888) Madame Balestrieri wrote to Don Bartolo at Valle di Pompei, begging that the | orphans of his asylum should hold a nine days' supplication for ber stepdaughter. On : the 2lst of July Antonielta's condition was j such that extreme unction was administered. Bat she still lingered. One night, the 29ih of July, she begged to be left quite alone, recited the prayer to the Madonna, and bad arrived'at the words " Have pity ; show thyself toine!" when a bright light struck her qyes, which, to her amazement, felt no pain from it. Lp the midst of the light appeared the fignre of the Madonna of Pompei clad in a snow-white robe, a bine mantle, and hold ing a wreath of roses. In a soft voice the Virgin spoke," Antonietta, wilt thou oome to Pompei T" " Ah! Holy Mother," answered the patient, " how can I ? I am lame and a cripple." " Rise," continued the Vhgin, "thou art healed." "Ah!" sighed the girl, " 1 cannojt even move I" Then the Madonna laid her hands on the breast and aide of the ( girlf and lifted ber into a sitting posture, again saying, " Thon art healed." " O Holy Mother 1" exclaimed Antonietta, "I would rat her die than liveacripple." "No, , said the Madonna, " thon shalt not die, but live and proclaim my power in oil Lacedonia. To-morrow thou mast rise, partake of the sacrament, and after that thou must pilgrim to the shrine at Pompei. Takeoff thy shoes disappeared, and Antonietta remained^11 on her bed tn the same position, sii# began to try her limbs. They couli t. *en She stretched her arms, opened her ' rose from her bed and walked. Resided with joy, she was about to ran to her but, tearing that they would take ' ghost, she lard down again, waiting •* latiently for day. But long before da«L S?" Athpr came to aee how <£» %w»ner lather came to see how she was. Shewi him what had hanpened, and that Bhe wnwu start for Pompei tW; very day. He m£ she was delmous, but she rose from Z bed and proved that she was cured tH news soon spread in the town friends and relations crowded to the Ln«« In the early morning Antonietta went to «># clmrch, the bellB were rung, and the whob population crowded to see the restored riri take the sacrament. The rector ot thi Oratory addressed a moving sermon to th* people. When the family physician arrived at the house, be found his patient well the woundsonher hands had healed,shecoul'deat and drink ;on the 10th of September Antonietta began her pilgrimage, starting with her whole family, to the number of 30 persona in carriages to Pompei. The journey lasted three days, and at every halt the miracle was proclaimed. When the pilgrims reached the shrine, they bared their feet, reaching the foot of the altar on their knees. Antonietta hn<l fasted on bread and water during the journey, and now received the holy sacra, inent,- thus .fulfilling the behest of the Madonna. When the party were nboht to leave'the Bhrine for home, she declared her decision. She would dedicate her life to the Madonna- Of Pompei, and, in spite of the grief of her parents at parting with her, she entered tire Orphan Asylum, where, to this day, she devotes herself to the education of the orphan girls.' It will be understood that the news of this miracle, with numberless others which ac companied and followed it in various parts, industriously proclaimed and published, greatly inflamed the imaginations of the South Italians. During the next three years gifts and subscriptions poured in, pilgrimages to the shrine increased in frequency, and the number of persons, till every May and Octo ber sees many thousands of worshippers at theshrine. 