Old Favourites. ON A KTREP.T. I dread that street— its haggard face 1 have not seen for eight long years ; \- A mother's curse is on the placo (There's hlcod, my reader, in her (cars), No child of mun shall ever track. Through filthy dust the singer's feel — : A fierce old memory drags me back; \ ; I hate its name— I dread that street ' Upon tho lap of green, sweet lands, ' ' Yb(W tuoptbi ore like your Esgliib Miyf; liryio hide in Lethe's sands The bitter old Bohemian dars But sorrow speaks in singing leaf, And trouble tslketh in the tide ; The skirts of a stupendous grief Are trailing ever at my side I will not say who suffered there, Ti bent the name aloof to keep, Because the world is very fair— Its light should sing the dark to sleep, Bnt, let me whisper, in that street' A woman, faint through want of bread. Ho often pawned the quilt and sheet And wept upon a barren bed. flow gladly would I change my theme, Or cease the song and steal away, But on the hill and by the stream A ghost 1 with me night and day 1 A dreadful darkness, full of wild, Chaotic vision, comes to mo ; I seam to hear a dying child, Its mother's face I seem to sec. fir-re, surely, on this bank of Moom, My terse with shine wonld over How; But, oh It comes— the rented room, With man and wife who suffered so I From flower and leaf there is no hint— I only see a sharp distress— A lady in a faded print, A careworn writer for the press, I only hear tho brutal curso Of landlord clamouring for his pay ; And yonder is tbe pauper' hearec That come to take a child away. Apart, and with the half-gray head Of sudden age again 1 see The father writing by the dead, To earn the undertaker's fee. No tear at ail fs asked for him— A drunkard weli deserve his life ; Bnt voice will quiver, eyes grow dim. For her, tho patient, pure yonng wife, The gentle girl of better day, Am umia as a mouoiain mwn, Who tJricd to choose uotrodden way, And place at night her rag in pawn. She could not face the lighted square, Or show the jirect her poor, thin dress; In one close chamber, bleak and bare, She hid her burden of distress. Ifcr happy schoolmate used to drivo, On gaudy wheels, the town about ; Tbe meat that keeps a dog alivo, \- She often had to go without, I tell you, thf la not a tale Conceived by mo, but bitter truth ; Bohemia knows it, pinched and pale, Beside the pyre of burnt out youth These eyes of mine have ofteo seen The sweet girl-wife, In winter rude, Steal out at nights, through court unclean, To hunt about for chip of wood, The poet's daughter, Aralticn. Have I no word at all for him Who used down fetid lane to link, And squat in tap-room comer grim, And drown his thought in dreg of drink 7 This much I'll say, that when the flame Of reason resssumcd it force, The bell the Christian fear to name, Wa heaven to his fierce remorse dust think of htm— beneath the ban, And steeped in sorrow to the neck, Without a friend— a fecblo man In failing health— a human wreck ; With all his sense and scholarship. How could he face hi fading wife 7 The devil never lifted whip With striog like those inat scourged hi life. But He in whom the dying thief Upon the Crou did placo hi trust, Forget the sin and feel the grief, And lifts the sufferer from the dust. And now, because 1 have a draam, Tbe man aod wamon found the light ; ' A glory burn upon the stream, With gold'ana green tho woods are bright, Bat t lit 1 bate that haggard street. It filthy conrts, It alleys wild ; In dreams of ft I always meet The phanthom of a wailing child. The name of it beget distress, Ab, song, bo silent i snow no more Tbe lady in the perished dress, The scholar on tbe tap-room floor 