Til STR4HBE CiSI ISj ST. UBiS'S, o We were very busy st Sr. A'bins Hospital. Xur^es and iloctors were har.i at work from liiorcin^ till night, and from ni^ht till ir.ornitir; again. The severe winter wan bringing its tibial accompaniments of fta rvation aud Mcirnefs. Hard limes and bail living were working havoc among the poor ; the hospital w fuil t,o overiiowici:. An uuusnal nuialjsr ei casualties, at the saaie time, iTOugkt stretcher after stretcher to the accident room. The great clock over the entrance was just striking six aslthrcwmy shawl rotiud me and hastened oif across the grounds to the dispensary. Running quickly ,Uct ;:v tiiroiiiTE through memuw, thetnow. > I soon arrived at ttie e -W and wa- —p. led J le .or aw A - ^ I by the customary g rowl which awatied late comers. " I am sorry I am late in comiug for the stimulants," 1 Siid, at-hoonns I could get my breath. " I could not leave the ward before. L et me 8ee> sj x ounces of brandy far INo. 20, an.i little No. KS's port wine that is ail, I think." "Anything fresh this afternoon, Nur-e DeatonV' inquired the dispenser, as Iba&i;'y packed the bottles into my apron pocket, in order to have my hands free tor my shawl. " Nothing for us," I answered. " A bad j c-j.se hat just gone up to ' Mary ' Ward. A i poor young fellow was brought in this afternoon. found dead in the snow—good evening," and I set off agaiu across the white ground. " Off duty at six," I said to n.yself. as I went. "1 would not go off, only I am so tired, and sister savs I must." At the door I encountered Xarae Fleinming, my J chum ana fellow-ntme, met emerging .. , . , , - , - ° from the ward, accompanied by two women, one of whom was weeping bitterly. Oil, dearie," exclaimed Nurse as soon as ffhe saw mc, " I am so glad you are come. This is tlic wife of poor No. 12 who iHoil thi3 morning ; she wishes to see him. I know you are off duty, dear, but do youmind taking her 2 I've just fjot a fracture in, and Mr Hooper is waiting to attend to it; thank you." I nodded a cheerful acquiescence, and she turned back to attend 10 her many duties. Taking the women with me, x went to the room of the porter who kept the mortuary keys. With many growls he lighted his lantc-ru and prepared to accompany us, as he was in duty bound to do. He was one of the many male officials ot St. Albaa'ti who considered it right to be as disagreeable as possible to the -mrses whenever they required his services, so I took no notice of his murmurings, but devoted my attention to the poor woman at my side. While she was telling me of the many virtues of her late husband, and of the dark future ia store for herself and her eight children, wf arrived at the door of the mortuary. Leaving UB standing there, under a lamp which projected from the wall, and which rhe porter lit from the tlame of his lantern, the man entered alone, in order that ho micht bring forward from the large mortuary the particular body we wish to see ; presently he opened the door again to admit us. The door by which we entered led into a tiny chapel. It wa3 here that the relatives of the deceased looked their last upon the pale, set faces of their departed friends. The body about to be visited was wheeled on a light trolly into the chapel, which was kept very clcan, and daily re- decked with white flowers. As we entered, the porter stepped outside to do something to the lamp, which did not burn properly, while I went forward with the women, and gently turned back the sheet from the poor dead face. The two women were too »nu3h absorbed— the one with her grief, and tha other with her sympathy—to take any notice of me; so I, remembering a poor little waif who had died in my arms a day or two before, aud thinking I should like to see him aga<n, for I had grown to love the little, motherless creature, picked up the lantern from the floor, and went in search of my little patient. It was some time before I found him, and after imprinting a kiss on the small, pitiful tace, I went to look at the new post-mortem room, which had lately been finished and which I had not seen. I was walking round, the light of the lantern gleaming weirdly on the wbite tiles which lined the walls and floor, when I suddenly heard a door bang. Without knowing what had happened, shivered with apprehension, and my fieBli crept uneasily. In a moment I had flown through the mortuary and into the chapel. Too late ! The door was shut, aud all was darkness I n a moment I knew what had happened ; the porter, supposing that I had gone and left the visitors to him, had turned out the gas, locked the door, and gone away with them. Oh.it it was too horrible ! I beat on the door with both my fists.! I raised my voieein a fearful scream, but that was worse than the awful silence, for the hoilow walls took up the sound, and the mocking echo came back to me, as if the dead were shrieking iti their places ! I sank on my knees on the damp stones and covered my face with my hands. The building stood far away from any other : the blustering wind would prevent my voiiie being heard even had I the courage to shout again, which I had not; no one would be in the grounds in such weather as this : I should not be missed. In the ward I should be suppo-ed, being off duty, to be in my own room. Nurse Fiemming, missing me from the Bupper table, would imagine that I had gone to bed, and would probably retire without, as she thought, disturbing me. What should 1 do 2 What co-ild I do J To remain there all night seemed impossible, yet how much morn impossible to get away. I had always been accounted among my fellownurses as the most courageous, and I fear I had been wont to boast that nothing cjuld frighten me, but I had never dreamed of anything like this. To sit among friendly faces in the daylight, or beside a cheery fire, was one thing. To be forced to spend a night aloce with the dead, was another. At length 1 gathered sufficient courage to turn round and try to realise my position. Oh, ho w I envied those fortuuate mortals who, in moments of danger and dread, can quietly faint away into calm unconsciousness, to recover their senses only when the horror is past. If I could only lie down on that cold floor aud sleep. Aye ! even if it was the sleep that knows no waking, how gladly would I have done «o. Anything rather than remain terror-stricken with these dreadful companions. I glanced at the lantern ; how long would it burn? Could I depend on its light lasting till dawn? I looked at the trolly, with its cold, still burden, then, with a mighty effort, 1 crossed the chapel, and seizing the end of the ghastly carriage, whirled it into the large mortuary. With as much strength as rny arms still possessed, 1 sent it into the darkness, and flew back into the dimly-lighted chapel, closing the door behind me. Now at least I was alone, with nothing more unearthly than white flowers, and a large ebony cross, which hung against the wall. Sinking down into the corner most remote from the inner door, wrapping my shawl closely round my shivering shoulders, I placed the lautern beside me, and strove vainly to think of pleasant things. I tried to think of the ward, with its cheerful fire aud rows of beds with their cosy red rugs; of the fun we had had at Christmae with the children and the Christmas tree ; ot home, with the dear faces 1 hoped to see when the summer came, and with it the loiig-auticipated holiday. But all IU vain ! My eyes would keep glancing round at the horrib'e door. My eats would strain themselves to listen for sounds from that silent room. Oh ! I Bhould go mad ! 1 could not bear it 3 How wicked .' how cruel! that no one came to seek me. What was that : The great clock at the entrance was striking. One ! two !—but, no seven : eight! then silence. Only eight o'clock J Only 1 wo hours .silica I ran thruu^-ii Hie garden to fetsh stimulants! Almost involuntarily 1 slipDed mv hand into my apron pocket. Yes, there were the two bottles, carefully wrapped round with my handkerchief, as I had put th-mi. For a moment a ray of hope daried across my mind; surely, when the bottles were misted from their place, inquiry would be ina2<?, and I fho-Jt-l t^ '-onght for. Bur- b monx'irJs r.jlkctio:: ^r-jugi;: hiick the old despiir. It was not ai: tiTihc-srd-ot '.inj if those L-usy times for the disiv-csary to to forgotten until the door was locke-I nad ti,e dispenser sonc. Mixtures iiid wiit'.iie would be left on th<? little pheli or.t?iac, hut. not the stimulaatJ—aud .Sister, with a thrl: at tte forgetfulness of her nurses. wo!:io fccrvetLc uaiientH from the Stock hollies, wii'J no thou-lit would bo directed to ir.e. Whether I fell r.sle^p or not 1 hivo r.:-r -- MKcebvm able dLtcrmiue, V,ut whe:: ; ronx<?d from the semi- corsciouwcsp n:-' which I l::td fallea, s.-veral hours appeared i: httvo c^r-it-.d. Instead of the dim light ox thv lantern at my si.ie, tb-.- chapel was fioodetl witl' silver moonlight, lu i-; :te of mv th'.eU. ~hav.'i. 1 was feaiiuliy cold and crampVi with lean- . , - . ... - T i0 t5lu cbli ! - v stCEee 1 ' uv.-are thut. something hid-or.-e.i me : eotm-- , ... , thine: besides nionuuirut and disorntorT. -i glance at tbe skylight overhead ?iiowed the moon sailing-cilmly through the dark, blue vault of h'::ivi:n. :-urroundcd by flce;y clouds ; and, even as I looked :md listened, the gre.it clock stru-k two. For nearly sn: hours I had lain unconscious in that awful place. The factoid not tend to brin;; Trie comfort ; I felt sick and ill, my limbs ached : the bl.ick cross, touched by the moonbeams, loomed dark and awful against the whiti wtll- Oh, to die and forget everything ! What was that 2 A. sound : -a eroan ! Oh! Heaven ! coming from the other side of that inner door I had risen to ray feet, but now 1 sank back, frozen with horror, into the sheltering corner. For a few moments silence, then ic came again. I listened--a low, long moan— but to my confused br∈ it was net the hollow, unearthly groan of the stage ghost such as we are wont to associate with rattling I n T L r ^ r ^ e but rather the „,. ., 1T. 0 • groan ot of a human Human creature in n pain. *As toon as this idea took possession of my weakened mind, my courage returned. All my nurselike inssiucts came to my aid. The thought tfcat a. living human being was near, much more a fellow-crtature who needed help, filled me with new energy, and I rose and took up my lantern. What I expected to find I hardly know: perhaps some workman who had been assisting witri tha tew building had fallen asleep, oi been overcome with drink, aud shut iu, like myself, through misadventure. How improbable a theory this was did not, fortunately, occur tc me uutil long afterwards, and I opened the door and looked into the dark interior. At the sound of the opening door the groaning ceased, and for awhile 1 stood uncertain which direction to take. Presently a movement at the further 'end decided me, and I made my way slowly round the stone ledges, casting the li^ht oi the lantern, on the ground as I went. No sign of a human figure could I see. No British workman's recumbent form gladdened iny eyes. 1 stood still, in perplexity. Oh heavens ! what waB that ? Close beside me, not yet placed iu a shell, but lying on the stone sla'o, lay a long, still figure. Still ! Ob, horror As 1 looked, unable to stir, I saw the white sheet that covered it move—» long, thin band pushed itself from beneath ana almost touched me. All my former experience was nothing to this. In & moment the fingers had pulled the sheet from the face, and a pair ot dark eyes gazed into mine. How long 1 stood thus I shall never know. At length, a kng, quivering sigh from the white lips called me to myself and I gathered courage to bend over and touch the prostrate form. Ecoush ! The spell was broken ! I knew that this was no time to hesitate—no time to give way to womanish fears. I took the coldhandin mine. " Do not fear," I said, in as calm a voice as I could command, " I will do all I can for you," and taking the shawl from my shoulders I folded it round the shivering form. Instinctively I remembered the Pottles in my pocket, aud drawing them forth dropped a little brandy between the chattering teeth. After a while the returning color in the lip*, the increasing warmth of the limbs, told me that my efforts had not been in vain. Oh, if I could only summon aid ; but that was impossible ! If I could Seep life in my companion, my patient, until help_ arrived. " Fortunately my shawl waB a large, warm one; fortunately, old No. 20 had not got his brandy, but I had it safely here. " Where am 12" asked the man, as he looked round the dim place, his face full ot surprise—and no wonder, for his surroundings had, to say the least, an unusual appearance. I did not think it wise or necessary to explain matters more than to tell him he was in St. Albau's Hospital, and would soon doubtless be well. He told me what I had already guessed, that in travelling on foot through the snow be had been overtaken by intense fatigue, and being unable to overcome the drowsiness he knew well might be fatal, he had fallen asleep. " It's a wonder I'm not dead," he concluded, and I made no answer. I had beeu so absorbed in my work that I had taken no account of the hours as they went by, until now I heard the clock ring out six! Oh, the joy of that sound! We kept early hours at St Alban'e, and at six o'clock we were expected to rise- I should b« missed, sought for, and found ! I was shivering and sice. Tne man had fallen into a dose, from which I could not find it in my heart to rouse him, lonely and miserable as I felt. Oh, how cold it was i My thin cotton dress was scanty covering from the icy air. How loDg would it be before they found me 2 Would they seek long before they thonght of the mortuary i Would they think of the mortuary at all 2 How all these thoughts tormented me, chasing each other through my aching brain until, at last, a sound of a key turning in the lock—the voice of my dear nurse and companion saying in bewildered tones, " She cannot be here,porter." Then the whole place spun round, and 1 saw and heard no more. It was long before I returned to my work. Pneumonia set in, and lor weeks 1 was too ill to leave my bed. Tenderly was I nursed, and much was I praised for what they were pleased to call my bravery. My patient, I learned, had recovered, and was full of gralitude for his strange rescue from an untimely end. The case of " suspended animation " waB much talked of among the doctors, and the medical papers took it up with interest. " \oa saved his life, you know," said the nurses to me, apparently to console me for mv unpleasant experiences ; and the patient himself has told me the same thine a hundred times since that day, for I am now his wise.— "Strand Magazine." 