Spirit Forms. ! U ' WHERE THEY MAY DWELL. By G.H., jrheola. In the issue of " The Weekly Times" between Merry Christmas and Happy New Year ib pub lished an account of - a highly interesting ^per formance by ProfeSBor Davis. This gentleman, by professed and acknowledged triekerv. ac- complished what in ancient times would hare been described as miraculous, and actually believed in as -miracles , but later on, in the so- called middle ages, it would Lave been called witchcraft, or acts with the devil us a helper, and the performer burnt. At the present more enlightened, time the perfoimer is cheered loudly for his extraordinary cleverness. After thiB remarkable exhibition of human ability to perform, undetected by all but self, incompre hensible tricks to deceive — hero it was to astonish. The question — Are there really no spiritual agencies active at any of those so- called seances ? ought to be seriously asked and discussed. Oue class of men are thorough believers iu spirit action, while another class reject the whole. as imposition and deception; but the real patient searchers after facts ocoupy the wide range between tbe two extremes. If the question was asked— Is it possible f ora departed spirit to take, on human shape and form, and in this visible state show itself to those in the flesh ? - I far one coald reply, and state _ ob a positive fact founded on experience, that it most decidedly i s, and I would do so even if it was my hut statement on earth. I could relate the sudden, unexpected and un mistakable appearance of a /matoraiisdd spirit iii the shap& or a pleasant-looking human being \- with a message, in the verygiow of a sunny day, and net as a ghost tii . the gloomy night to frighten people. But before doing, so some explanation about rather profound, subjects, would assist in explaining hoW aud where spirits of the departed may possibly dwell. : \- Looking into the " firmament and observing, there masses qt stars rolling about in si;eut obedience to universal gravitation, and in a space which has not been' found yet to be. lets ' than limitless," the mind is "overwhelmed with the unmistakable fact that the creative Force and Power did not evolve that mass of worlds for the jmere sake of collecting matter" and illuminating space.. Reason demands a pur pose different from that ; and it is more probable that at certain ages after being solidi fied, the product of their surfaces differs only to alipw for the different degrees of heat and light, and that this surface-production must to an ex tent correspond to what We observe on our medium -sized planet. According to this, which I maintain is as uncontradictable a theory as any that cnu be advanced, we stand face to face With a universe filled, with rolling abodes, for living bemgamore or less perfect intellectually. Moving lfiOut.©n their respective surfaces the material eye can see the matter -oT which they are composed, though not the mysterious living forces causing the bodies of the moat perfect to act iu obedience to those forceB, aud perform at times, by speech and other ways, wonderful achievements. What becomes of that vital, active, but in visible force after leaving the material surround ings called bodies ? What becomes of that tre mendous mass of souls, thirty -five millions of which are liberated alone from this small globe every one of our years F Professor Holden tells us that 41 the stars do not increase in proportion to the increase of in strumental power, and that the stellar system can be experimentally shown to be of finite ex- tent, and to. contain only a finite number of stars.'' If this be so, the space outside the limit of the stars may. contain what old fiction has called Heaven and Hell, and the liberated spirits may be. bound for those regions.- But it is a thousand times more .probable that the im mense number of globes were not made all one for what our material eyes are able" to see, and that myriads of superior hut invisible beings are moving about unnoticed by us, on the surfaces, and enjoying a less troublesome existence' thau those iu the bodies. An objection to this last soul -existing or soul- home theory may, of course, be started by ask ing, what becomes of those body less souls when a solar system is worn out by old age ? But this aud a lot more I will pass by, and relate oue of my spirit experiences. A number of years ago, I, one fine afternoon,: walked from the White Hills along to Mary borough, a .distance about four miles, I think. When within about a mile and a half of the latter place I was suddenly arrested by some thing at my leftside. Turning quickly to see what it could be, I bebeld distinctly a human being dressed like an ordinary miner, and by his look about thirty years of age. The statement he made has come true so far. And it made me believe that we are to some extent controlled by the Invisible ; that their controlling influences are limited by superior authority. The whole spiritual ap pearance lasted only two or thr- e seconds," and the way he floated into invisibility was re markable to see. I may state that whether I really saw with the . material eyes and heard with the material ears, what I saw and heard, is impossible for me to determine ; but the ap pearance, etc., to the mind was as distinct as the appearance of any. person one may meet and hear speaking. I may further state that the subject about which he gave me information was not at all in my mind at the time. 