WESLEYAN CONFERENCE. OPENING EXERCISES. THE RETIRING PRESIDENT'S ADDRESS. The third annual Conference of the Queensland Wesleyan Church was commenced in the Albert-street Church last night. As it took the form of a public meeting there was a large attendance. The retiring President, the Rev. A. J. WEBB, asked the secretary to call the roll. The following ministers answered to their names-The Revs. C. Wiles, A. J. Webb, H. Youngman, E. Youngman, W. Dinning, W. Joff alias, J. Bowes, J. G. Martin, A. Hutchison, R. Stewart, H. Pennington, T. B. Holmes, W. H. Harrison, B. Bottomley, T. Brassington, W. Brown, W. H. Howard, T. Warham, J. J. Gee, J. Snell, E. Dyer, H. H. Nolan, T. R. Thurlow, J. R. Williams, and J. Doran. Those gentlemen who are members of the Conference by virtue of their treasurership of the Con nexional Funds are Messrs. J. A. Lewis, C. Fletcher, W. H. Barnes, W. A. Noble, T. A. Johnson, W. M. Payne, and G. J. Bourne. The representatives of the circuits are Messrs. J. Raid (Albert-street) ; J. S. Bennett (Wesley) ; S. Demack, the Valley ; W. Carter, West End ; W. M. King, Toowong; J. E. Howes, Enoggera; W. B. Robinson, Nundah ; J. McGill, Ipswich ; W. Hawkins, Pine River; C. Rowbotham, Toowoomba; T. A. Johnson, Warwick ; T. Kirkland, Stanthorpe; W. Williams, Maryborough; E. Bytheway, Gympie ; R. S. N. Taudevin, Bundaberg ; H. Williams, Rockhampton ; R. O. Powell, Townsville ; V. Winstanley, Charters Towers. The PRESIDENT read telegrams conveying greetings from the South Australian and New South Wales Conferences, now in session. A hymn was sung, Scripture road by the secretary, and prayers offered by the Rev. C. Wiles and Mr. J. E. Howes. A hymn being sung, the RETIRING PRESIDENT read his official address. THE RETIRING PRESIDENT'S ADDRESS. The Rev. A. J. WEBB, the retiring President, after welcoming the members of the Conference, both clerical and lay, bore testimony to the " amount of time and careful attention that our laymen give to business meetings and a variety of committees for transacting the temporal affairs of trusts, circuits, and the connection, in a way which was often a real sacrifice. " The Church," he said, " owes much to its ministers, and much also to its laymen and lay women, and I sincerely, on behalf of the Conference, acknowledge this." The President went on to say, In reviewing the year one most impressive fact stands out, and that is, the existence of hard times." Church finances have been a weariness, a disappointment, a depression. The very existence of our circuits and connexional institutions has made it a hard struggle. Ministers have worked diligently at their sacred calling, and in addition have had to exert themselves to raise their own stipends. The position of circuit steward has had less ease than dignity, and even the latter virtue has been considerably discounted by shame sacredness at having SO little of the wherewithal to meet the interest on circuit debts, and to pay over the at no time too liberal allowance to the minister. Whenever we have turned in our innumerable committee meetings to such things as balance-sheets, the weight has invariably been on the wrong side of the balance, and the pitiable iteration of this has been such that Where'er we gazed a gloom pervaded spice. Still the virtue of patience and the force of determination have been exercised by this the dogged courage and persistency of the old British character, with " a rosy robe of grace" thrown over it, has been developed. We have had, too, some cheery examples of optimistic heartiness and indefatigable " special effort, that have not gone unrewarded, even in a material sense. Still it has been a trying time. Many of our people have really done their best, and while straitened themselves, have given all they could to needy causes; while some of course, have found a convenient shelter behind the phrase " hard times," and preferred airing their peculiar facts to honestly helping the cause they profess to love. Whatever may have been the state of things with regard to willingness and ability to give (two distinct things) there has been no diminution as regards work. That has gone on unchecked and over tending to the same ends-the good of man and the glory of God. City ministers have had their hands full, having not only to carry on the regular operations of their circuits, but also to give up much time to those numerous committees by which our common connexional business is kept going-the work for Queensland Methodism as a whole being done in Brisbane of necessity. But our country brethren have had work severely taxing in other ways, and we are not unmindful of what has been accomplished by some of our younger preachers in distant places, their circuits embracing large areas ; where one of them is turned into an animated shuttlecock, flying up and down throughout the week along hundreds of miles of railway line from east to west, with frequent sorties across country to the north and south where others spend days in the saddle riding from station to station. Places those in which some of our younger men are sponding themselves, where the areas are extensive and the population sparse, the congregations small, no adequate pecuniary reward awaiting the preacher, the surroundings uninspiring, and the effort to reach the tiny gatherings fatiguing ; where the dry heat of interior wastes, or the sweltering sultriness of Normanton and Croydon, with a dash of fever thrown in, makes life itself a burden, and a desolating sense of loneliness and of lack of sympathy comes over the soul almost unbearably. It is right to acknowledge the endurance and the exertions of our boundary riders, and to remember them in sympathy and prayer. But the trials of the past and present notwithstanding, we have no need to adopt a pessimistic whine. There is a marvellous power of recovery in Queensland. When the desolating flood of 1893 rolled its filthy waters through our city I saw, one Sunday, a steam-launch dart out of Adelaide-street, and, turning down Edward-street, steam past the principal business palaces of Brisbane. On the following Wednesday the dust was blowing in my eyes in the same street where the steam launch had floated. So had Brisbane emerged from the flood. The country for a few days wore a dreary look, but Nature soon covered up all impurities with living green, and the country seemed lovely as before. As Rudyard Kipling makes this city sing, Me the flood ruined-lot me close my eyes, And sliuKu from Down will have the uniitoborn weed, Patience 1 I turn me and my land shall rise higher than theirs indeed. Shall the soul of man not recover from misfortune, nor the Church rise in a time of loss and trouble and put on her beautiful robes, taking the garment of praise for " the spirit of heaviness?" Do not let us set the example of discouragement. And then these troubles should have a high moral effect in driving us back upon God, in making us feel so keenly our own impotency as to send us to the strong for strength, and in that way minister to our spirituality and dependence upon the captain of the Lord's hosts. During the year your President has visited the Queensland circuits from Stanthorpe in the south to Townsville and Charters Towers in the north, and the Western circuit of Roma. ... In this great colony, with its fresh minds and so stereotyped manners, its shrewd and free people, our Church has undoubtedly a part to play. She cannot meet the requirements of all, other forms of worship and Church polity are required by some, but to a large number she is eminently suited. The characteristics of Methodism are generally taken to be vitality and earnestness ; but to succeed in this colony she must have such vitality as to be capable of supple adaption to the new forms of life -the genius love, the fresh combinations that society takes on in these new places. The highest vitality is over young, and its actions readily adapt themselves to the hour and to the requirements of the occasion. Let us earnestly seek to preserve the life and spirit of our Church that we may be up to date, and influence those who are living up to date. There is a certain class of Methodists who are fond of quoting John Wesley and "Old Methodism," often in the most ignorant manner, the spirit of John Wesley and the genius of early Methodism being notoriously against them. More unfortunate references for their position they could not make. John Wesley sat loose to the past, while ever watchful of the present and ready to adapt himself to it. He generally lived and worked ahead of other people, was bound by no precedent, and, if he had been with us until now, would have been as much farther forward of what we are at present as we are ahead of what he was then ; perhaps I had better say of what Methodism had stiffened into since his day. It is a curious thing that some of the so-called "innovations" are but a return to ancient Methodism. The early Methodists were people who had a distinct end in view, and took the straightest line to reach it. They studied less the manner of doing a thing than how quickest they could get to hand grips with the men of their time, and lay themselves heart to heart with all who loved holiness and the Divine Christ, and show sympathy with those who were without God, and, therefore, without hope in the world. Their ways of working were not handed down from heaven for all time, but were seen to be suitable then, and were simply adopted for the occasion. When times alter, and circumstances change, we shall be most like John Wesley and the early Methodists if we adopt, not their methods, but such as they would probably adopt were they in our place. But let us never forgot to cultivate their clear sightedness as to God's truth, their intense ardour in saving the souls of men, their zeal for the glory of God, and great personal love of a Personal Christ, These things are perennial, and never grow old-fashioned. They are the living principle that lives and barns, while ways and means are but the accidents that continually change. We shall not fail in respect for our fine old grandfathers, but we need not become slaves to their memories. There are no signs that our own grandchildren will be over-deferential unto . . . "By their fruits shall soon know them," and anything else will in these days, and in this young land, be a "tale fall of sound and fury, signifying nothing." It will be a shame to as if we do not make good our place in this fine country. We are here at the formative period, are moving up with the flowing tide. Now is our time, and how are we to do our part? Well, next to drinking deeply at the fountain of divine strength we want to cultivate the spirit of loyalty. I mean loyalty to our ! Church. I am not sure that this fine quality is obstreperous prevalent in our Queensland connexion, though there are good examples of it. I doubt if we have anything like an adequate zeal for missions. In foreign mission enterprise Queensland has never yet acquitted herself proportionally, though one or two circuits, notably Toowoomba, have always done themselves credit. And even our home missions, which are our most important department, and which appeal more strongly than any to our patriotism and love of kin, to our nearest and dearest interests, awaken but a languid response, as witness the attendance at the public meetings held in their advocacy in every circuit, and the poor contributions, with here and, there an exception, that at the best of times flow in for so grand an object. We want esprit de corps, we don't want narrow mindedness and a denominational bigotry that croons But we do want that which every soldier will understand, and which is expressed in the French phrase a spirit that is as desirable in a Church as in an army. We need, too, a liberality of view, or we shall be out of touch with the spirit of the age, and our usefulness be limited. Unless we cultivate this wider thought we shall naturally stiffen into narrow- ness. We want liberality, not laxity-a power to adhere to our opinions till we see good reason for changing them. A capacity to change them where such reason does appear, a charity for the difference of others when we cannot change our views to theirs. But beyond all this charming liberality of view the Church's interests require considerable liberality of money. The past generation of Methodists were good givers-their principles ran deep down into their pockets. We have much to be thankful for that so many willing agents appear amongst our people ready to devote their lives to the work of God as ministers, or home missionaries, or mission sisters ; there is a warm, large liberality of dedication of health and prospects of the whole man or woman to the noble service of Jesus Christ. It is a feature of the modern provided that when she has expended all her missiles, shot, shell, torpedoes, she can convert herself into a huge missile, and hurt her whole construction, pointed by the keen steel ram, against the foe in one and comprising and probably conquering effort. This is what some of Methodism young people are prepared to do, especially in Victoria, which colony has already supplied as with a minister and a home missionary during the year, and of the latter class of workers offers us yet more. In our own land, too, they come body, soul, and spirit they come and offer up their whole being and full time in the Church's services, giving not only theirs but themselves. But we cannot utilise all these fine offers. We have more volunteers from Victoria alone than we dare accept, because there is not a sufficient general liberality on the part of contributors to keep the army Ghost supplied. Money here, as elsewhere, is the sinews of war. . . . While we need the high characteristics of ardour and loyalty, esprit de corps, and liberality of mind and heart, we must not overlook the judicious faculty of con- servation and consolidation. . . . Let us OIBO avoid being led away by a saying which contains a serious fallacy along with much that is true. "A church must be run on business principles." So it must be so far as common sense is concerned, but business principles are in some cases mean and sordid, and there is a danger in lowering Church methods to these. We must over keep most in view the high nature of the elements of Church life, the heavenly grace, the Divine promise, the spiritual help, stimulus, and consolation which is offered through that, and through no worldly channel. The subject of the Methodist Union will be brought before us for consideration at this Conference. Sentiment on the subject has been quite sufficiently appealed to for the present, and now remains the cool headed, if not cold-blooded, investigation of statistics and facts, so that we may have a clear-sighted view of where we are going, and what we are doing, before anything like an ardent rush is allowed to take place. I would call upon you, both as ministers and laity, local preachers, Sunday school teachers, and members, to bear a clear, strong testimony against the great, rampant, present-day evil of gambling. The public need educating upon this those who know intemperance to be disgraceful, and impurity a deadly sin, do not acknowledge much harm in gambling. There are regular members of our congregations who are foggy on this point. Our fair colony of Queensland has been made a head centre of the demoralising traffic, this devil of national temptation, a pestilent vapour corrupting the souls of nations, and acting on legitimate oom morce and wholesome normal life as the deadly malaria of delay. It is especially incumbent upon the members of the Christian Church of Queensland to speak out upon the subject. It is by educating the general conscience in the underlying principles of this baneful practice (which find their ever varying forms in church raffles, in certain business speculations, and in betting on racehorses) that we shall boat under- a mine and diminish the now growing evil. Just such patient, combined, determined work as has been done against the drink traffic, and which has by this time revolutionised (public feeling on that is needed to be directed against the vice of gambling. In conclusion, the President appealed to all to strive after real living, permeating spirituality. ELECTION OF PRESIDENT. The voting for the President and secretary was taken, the ministers and laymen voting together. Much interest was manifested in this proceeding, as there was considerable conjecture as to who would be the future occupant of the chair. The Revs. E. Youngman and W. Jeffries received the highest number of votes ; but neither receiving a clear majority of votes, a second vote was taken, with the result that the Rev. E. Youngman was elected to the chair, obtaining 21 votes, whilst Mr. Jewries obtained 19\. . - 5 The RETcaraa PRESIDENT welcomed the newly-elected President to the chair, congratulating him on the election, and pledging him the support of the Church. - -as. Mr. YOUNGMAN, who was received with. applause, said that, as coming events cast their shadows before them, the vote last year indicated his possible election. Since that time he had not felt perfectly happy, the thought acting as a sort of nightmare. He trusted the gloom was now passed. He claimed to have had no aspiration in the direction of the chair, but being a loyal Methodist he took it and promised his brethren his best efforts. The voting for secretary resulted in the almost unanimous re-election of the Rev. J. Bowes, who thanked his brethren for their repeated expression of confidence. He proposed that the hours of session for to-day be 9 a.m. for the ministerial and 10.30 for the representative session. This was seconded and carried. CONFERENCE MEMORIAL FUND. The balance-sheet of the Conference Memorial Fund, inaugurated two years ago, was read by the SECRETARY (the Rev. R. Stewart), and the Rev. H. YOUNGMAN advocated its claims. The collection taken up was in the aid of that fund, for which he pleaded a liberal offering. The collection having been made, the doxology was sung and the benediction pronounced by the PRESIDENT. 