Mitchell Notes. (from oub correspondent). jjjg Weather.—cricket Concert.— I Street , Improvements.—agricul I tube.—items of Interest. February 2S. . vit.t, of,94 points of rain on tbe night of 17th cooled -the atmosphere sufficiently ause quite cool days since, and at times eights and early motniug have been p; chilly. Grass .and water are jtiful, end ■ the stock routes in better sr.than tbey bave been for years; even if Ave noraip for the next month there e plenty of <winter feed. 16 concert given by the members of the Cricket club in aid of- their funds nffas arranged' on the 21st, and was patronised by the pnhlic, tiie Assembly sing filled as soon as the doors were ig- Being of the Christy Minstrel type Se: performers -appearing as niggers (a that has not been seen for some years) Interest was shown by the audience, behaved extra well on this occasion—the [keeping order - and .-the babies being h'l.H;* The. performance commenced jipening choros " The man in the moon," Pedby " Buckle on de golden sword," .Shannon. W. Green sang ''Scotch which was well received, net local composition. giving local bll round—some pretty good ones by j—to the tune of "Some folks do." oys1 Cricket Club," by W. Shannon, iderfed. Among1 the best songs' iog were " Godk ,B»bia">and iere my love lies dreaming," by "ay. ""The Hen Convention," aa's in the cold, cold ground" s sung by J. O'Neil, the former hearty encore from the audience. Pthe songs the usual nigger jokes Snndrams were indulged in. The rt finished with the'song "Adieu ?riends"-by the company. Mrs. A. presided at the piano all the evening, 'ie success of this part of the enter " ^ |ip a largemeasure due to this 'lithe having taught the little pjliw^songs, and attended all -Jg^Mljnng' an interval often J- Quinn danced a .Lunatic Asylum," was, . ^ mot being able to get the Jifjg'ht not as good as it ought to Fj iut W. Greer as the assistant in Irror of lhe lunatics played his part P the ghost, J. Quinn, was enough f-terrorinto the stoutest heart. Of ! entertainment wound up with the National Bank have Pthe" appearance of their L >neat. paling fence along let front of their property, fences would set off the {-planted in the main street inferable growth this season, fier year will .-make considerable aers' have begun this season lost of the ground wilt be "before 'sowing. Tbe fruit awing to a close. The yield en most prolific, thongh at ggm has played sad havoc i other places are quite " Oarbine farm, accord i the Under Secretary |rded last week to to the Colonial £nshel of Tartarian successful in |B«|mnd thiB season. A very millet is also being i:tbis week. The Bris piave offered 2£d. per lb was grown by Mfi W. n"near Aniby, and who even at this price it will be 