AN INTERESTING STORY. The Man ir» i he Mas*.; on, A I>ctpcrat«» Stratagem. Told by an Ex Detective. During four months "Tbe Man in the Mask" wos a celebrity in Wincliff and around the place for several miles, lie was also a mystery. His existence could not be doubted even by those who had not seen him, b> cause the stories told of his occasional appearances were so clear and circumstantial as to be absolutely convincing. Thoae who had seen him remembered tbe metting with pain. His interviews with the few persons he b&d; chosen to favor with bis attention were usually Fbort, sharp and alarmingly earnest. He demanded all tbe money, the watch, and any other articles of value which the person whom he confronted cbanccd to have in bis possession, una the demand was followed by surrender. The terrible alternative was intimated by the barrel of a revolver firmly held, and presented full in tbe face of the person whoBC goods were r< quired. Tbe men who had met " The Man in the Meek," and continued their way much poorer in consequence, could not detcribe him. His face was completely covered by a dark grey ma»k. They could only see be was a big follow, with a hunch on his back, mounted on a powerful horse, sn<^ that his voice was deep and gruff. The people in WineliS did not kr.ow any man who answered to that imperfect description. His appearance had not been made at any plnoe more than five miles distant from Wincliff, yet to everybody in and around the place the daring robber was a mystery. In no instance had the mysterious Man in tbe Mask found it necessary to infi ; ct bodily iOj'sry in order to secure the booty he sought. But the fact that he was a robber who revived the practices of the highwayman of old was sufficiently disquieting. It might be some chivalrous Eentiment that led him to spare the persons and the pockets of men whose all was but a little. He appeared only to those who were reputed rich, and extorted from fear the gold he could not gain by more lawful and honest means. He was, therefore, very naturally set down in tbe minds of all iaw-respecting pereens as a miscreant whose puppression became an imperative duty. The performance of the duty devolved on me, and I set myself resolutely to tbe task of penetrating the mystery that shrouded the Man in tbe Mask. One evening in February a gentleman named Welham was driving towards Wincliff. His vehicle was a light gig, iu whioh he frequently travelled long distances, and difp'fijt'd all the good points of the horse that happened to be under his control. A hobby cf bis joutb, which did not appear to Ioec any of its strength though his age was in tbe filtiee, wns to drive a good horse, and his ample means enabled him to indulge thai expensive tatte in all seasons. Mr. Welhsm was driving towards Wincliff, intendng to patronise its well known hostelry, tbe Koebuck Inn, for the night, and to drive over the twonty-two miles of road that lay between Wincliff and London on the following morning. Tbe night bad fallen suddenly. The sky was clouded, and the horse was pursuing his way at a moderate pace when lees than five miles from the intended halting-place. The traveller was anticipating the light, warmth, and animal comfort for man and beast that were to be found at the inn. when an event occurred that gave a very different tone and character to bis thoughtp. Mr. Wcl ham was approaching a point •where a wide, grassy lane opened on the high road. When near that point, a mounted man suddenly emerged from tbe lane and reined up his borse in the centre of the road as if to bar his progress. Mr. Welham peered into Ihe rider's face as be approached him. It wonld be more exact to say he looked inquir-. insl.V at that portion of the man between breast and h&t;, but failed to discover a faoe. " Stop 1" was shouted in a muffled voice. The stranger's arm was extended, and a shining revolver was plainly Feen firmly grasped in his band, the muzzle of whioh looked like a round, dull, black eye, staring menacingly into Mr. Welliam's face. In an instant the gentleman realised that he was in the presence of the redoubtable Man in the Mask. " Why should I stop ? Who are yon to give such an order ? 'exclaimed Mr. Welham, at the 6ame time, however, pulling up bis borse as its head nearly touched that of the animal on whioh the masked man was mounted. " Stop to save your life, if yon think it worth saving. It your borse moves a yard I'll stop him with a bullet, and then have more ready for you. Try me, if you like. You see, I hold your life in my hands; but I don't want your life if I can get your money without it. I am desperate, and I can't waste time. Do what I ask, and you may go on without any hurt; refuse, and the next instant you will be a dead man, and I will take what I want." It was a deep, hoarse, bnt terribly earnest voice that came from behind the mask. The words were not spoken in a way that gave any bint of agitation or paseion. The voiae was probably disguised, but it was so evenly emitted that the hearer could not doubt the speaker meant to do all he said —even to murder—rather than permit his victim to evade or fruetrate him. " What do you want ?" Mr. Welham said, recognising the necessity for coming to terms with his assailant. " Money, and everything I may turn into money, Quiok 1 Your purse, your watch, your jewels. Lay them in my hand—all. Drop the reins. If you attempt to esoape or to resist you will force me to murder. Quick I — and beware!" The Man in the Mask walked his horse to the side of the gig, keeping Mr. Welham covered with the revolver until the muzzle of the weapon nearly touched bis ear. The gentleman instantly drcided that he must submit to the robbery as the least of two evils between which he was compelled to choose. The property demanded was placed in the robber's left hand. He transferred it to a pocket in the side of the long dark cloak ha wore, which completely covered him from tb$ £ars to the knee. " You have robbed me of everything," Mr, Welham eaid, hoping the Man in the Mask would accept that intimation that his business was completed and permit the victim to pursue his way. "Not yet. You have & book, or case, that may be filled with valaabl* papers." " Only a few letters and papers relating to business." " I want none of them. But bring out your Look and open every scrap of the paper before me. Do not try to cheat me, mind." "Cheat/" repeated Mr. Welham,particularly empliaeifiiDg the word. He produced bis pocket book, however, and proceeded to open each pajer it contained, so tbat tbe robber, in tbe light afforded by the gig-lamp, could discover its character. From an inner pocket of the book the masked roan directed him to draw folded papers, whioh proved to be three tenpound notes. It is hardly necepsary to add that the robber immediately caused them to be placed in his hand. He direoted Mr. WVlh&m; to secure his other papers. When that was done he forced him to turn hie horce arid diivfl back along the road he had traversed. When he had driven about a mile, he might return ; but if he attempted to follow the Mask, the conscquences would be final, Half an hour aftor his unpleasant adventure on tbe road, Mr. Welham arrived at the Koebuck, iu Wincliff. llin first care was for hia borse, whioh was decidedly weary after an unusually long day's journey. When he bad seen the animal conveyed to the stable, he entered the inn, wsb supplied with a draught of brandy and water, and asked the neatest we.y to the police station. Tbe police station, sir ! I hope none ol the men about our place have been uncivil J Mr. Iliiyard would deal with auy incivilitj pretty sharply, if there's a complaint to bi made abou; any one in tbe Roebuck," eaid a man, who appeared to be the actual manage! of the estr.blishuient,anii second in autboritj to Mr. Hilyard only, who was tbe landlord o) the inn. " No, no ; I've nothing to say against anybody at tbe inn ; but I havo business at the station. Is MV. Hilyard at home V " Yep, sir. He was here a few minutei ago. Shall I ring for him 2" " Do, please." The manager summoned Mr. Hilyard, who made bis appearance after a few seconds. His crisp, fair hair, open countenanco, and generally well-fed appearance, told of good health, good living, and good spirits, and aonveyed a decidedly pleasing impression. " I want a word with you, landlord," eaid Mr. Welham. At your service, eir. Will you etep in here?" said tbe obliging Boniface, opening a door of stained glaBs, which admitted to a little room that was used as an ollice, and was also the "governor's" private room downstairs. Mr. Welham stepped in, and immediately told Mr. Hilyard of his encounter with tiie Man in the Mask. The landlord was sorry and indignant at tbe same time. " I've tried all I can to find out the fellow, and I believe the detective office in London is looking after him, but it doesn't •eem to be a bit of use. He comes and ke goes like a ghost. He's robbed six or seven gentlemen in a few months, bnt nobody seems able to gueea where he comes from, nor where he goes to. He's a real puzzle sir." " Well, he has a hundred pounds of mine In money and goods just now. I thought it best to tell you, because you may put other gentlemen on tbeir guard. I must give information at the police office. Where is it?" " Only a few minutes' walk. I'll send a man to show you." " Yes; I'va lost too much time already." Tbe landlord opened his door and spoke to his manager. "Call Brown at once. The Mask is out io-night, it seemB. This gentleman wbb robbed a few miles from here, and wants to lodge information. Brown must go with him to the station." Brown was soon in attendance. The robbery was repotted in the etation, the stolen property described, and once more the looai authorities were roused to exert their powers for the capture of the Man in the Mask. It happened tbat the discovery cf the robber, who committed his depredations in a tt;le so much like tbat of highwayen of the Dick Turpin era, was nearer than even the gentleman who had suffered could have hoped. A couple of hours after Mr. Welbam's return from the police Etation be was in the smoke-room of the inn, when the manager approached him. " Mr. Hilyard wishes to speak to you, if you can spare a minute," he said. " I can spare ten minutes if Mr. Hilyard has anything particular to say." "He will sea you in bis private room, if you please. He says the matter is important." Mr. Welham went to tbe little room before described, and was much struck by tbe serious expression of tbe landlord's faoe. " You will forgive me, I'm sure, when you know why 1 disturbed you. A man from the station has been here. He t6lls me some money has been stolen, and tbat the sovereigns have a peculiar mark. If any sov. ereigns with that mark comes into my hands I am to ask tbe person who offers it where be got it, so that it may be traced back to the thief. Was there a mark of any kind on the gold you have lost?" " Yes; there were six sovereigns in my puree, and a small w, with a fine line before and after it, were scratched under the head of each," Mr. Welham replied. "That is the mark the policeman described. I see now it was your money he meant. But a thing that troubles me more than I can tell is that I gave a sovereign in change, with juBt such a mark, not more than a quarter of an hour before I heard of it." " That is astonishing 1 Are you sure the mark was exactly like mine ?" " Yes. I cannot be quite positive about the lines, but I remember the w distinctly, and I believe there was a little scratch before and after the letter, just as if they wera intended to shut it in, like." " Precisely." " I noticed it when my man gave it to me. I had Bent him out in the afternoon to collect a few small acoounts, and be didn't oome back until after you arrived. Then he was drunk. He had got only one pound seven from one of my customers, and when he paid it in I sent bim eff to bed. That marked sovereign was the one he paid me, and I iooked at it closely at the time. I must get rid of him." " I must see him at once, eir. As your man gave you one sovereign hearing my mark be may have mere. He may be the masked robber himself, or he roust know where he can be found. I insist on the man's being questioned and searched 1" Mr. Welham exclaimed, excitedly. " It is only natural that you should, sir, and I am willing to aid you in every way. But, you see, it would be little lesB than ruin to me if a suspicion got out that a highway robber was one of my servants, and slept in this honse. We must be able to prove it. Then I shall help you to punish him, and that will remove all suspicion from the house." " But while we are talking here the man may escape. For Heaven's sake drop words and come to action I" Mr. Welham e^eiaimedr " He was too far gone in liquor to make any attempt to esoape before some time in the morning. £ will send a line to the station asking for two men to be sent hers directly, or you may send tbe note. When the men are here, we will go to his room and VA'ien him. Perhaps the sight of policemen will help us to get the real truth from him," eaid the landlord. " Very likely. But there is no time to be lost. Give me paper, and I w'>ll write." The paper was laid on the table, and Mr. Welham wrote a few words requesting the presence of responsible officers at the Roebuck Inn. Another line intimated that a clue to the identity of the masked robber had been found. A few minutes later a sergeant in plainclothes and a constable in uniform were in the Boebuok. Mr. Hilyard told the sergeant about the marked sovereign he had received, and gave the name of the man to whom be had given it. The latter lived about three miles away. Then the four went to tbe little back room over an outbouse where the suspected man-of-all-work slept. The entry of the whole party did not awake the sleeper. " Searoh first," suggested Mr. Welham, at the same time seizing a short coat of thick dark serge that had been carelessly thrown on a chair. The landlord seized a vest that lay on the floor and thrust his fingers in the pockets, finding only a sixpence and thiee pennies, which he at once returned. " There is nothing here but a pipe, tobacco, and dirt," whispered Mr. Welham, after examining every pocket he could find in the ooat. " There's money here, I think," said the sergeant in plain-clothcs, speaking in suppressed tcnes. He bad carefully lifted a pair of trousers that lay upon tbe bed, and had drawn from one of the pookets a little packet wrapped in & piece of newspaper. On opening this pEcket it was foand to contain five sovereigns. Mr. Welham and the plain clothes man looked at thfin closely, and tbe marks were plainly discernible under tbe bead of eaob. The coins were refolded in the paper, and returned to the trousers pocket. Then the sergeant seized the sleeper by the tthoulder ana shook him roughly. He awoke and sprang up to a sitting po«ture in the bed, when the constable in uniform stepped forward ready to grapple with the men should he resort to violeuae. " Why—I say—what's the matter ? What do you all want ?" the man ejaculated, as ns became thoroughly awake, and looked from cne to another in confusion. " Your mapter wants to ask yoa % question. But be aarciul what you t<ay. I must take notice of every word," said the sergeant. " But what's it all about? I'll answer any question Mr. Hilyard wants to ask me. What is it 2" ".[ want to know what kind of money Mr. Benson gave you this afternoon when he paid bis account 7" " You want to know that? I think yon ought to know when 1 gave it to you. It was a sovereign, two two-sbillin' pieces, haif a crown, an' a shillin'. He said I might keep the sixpence over for a glass, an' I did." " Did jou give me the sovereign you got from Mr. Benson? You were out all the afternoon, you know, and you came here drunk." " No, eir—not drunk. It takes a lot to make me what I call drunk. I'd had a few drinks, 1 know, 'cause I'd been about a bit, but I knew what I was doinV' " I ask—did you give me the sovereign yon got from Mr. Benson?" " Do you mean to say I didn't 2 I'll swear I did." " Had you any other sovereigns?" '' No; 1 don't have many sovereigns about me, except when I'm paid & few for you." " The sovereign yon gave me was marked.'" " 1 didn't mark it." " But you have other sovereigns in yonr pocket with the same mark on. How or where did you get them ?" " Sovereigns in my packet! How do yen know what's in my pooVet? You needn't trouble about mj pctists, Mr. Hilyard. I£ there was twenty sovereigns in my pockets none cf 'em 'ud be yours." •'I'm sure they're not mine; and there's reason to think tbey should not be yours. Sergeant Lynes searohed and found them there." "Searched! Found them I" he exclaimed, bis effrontery giving place to alarm. "'Yes; I must take you into custody on suspicion cf having stolen tbe money. This gentleman has been robbed, and I navs found part of the stolen property in your pocket. You must come with me." Protestations of innocence were loud, vehement, and frenzied, but they could not alter facts, and tbey were unavailing. Jake Hiscough was conveyed to the police station. The members of the local force were jnbilant at tbe thought that the long-dreaded Man in the Mask bad been captured and incarcerated in Wincliff, tbe central point around whiah he had moved and committed his various crimes. A few minutes after Mr. Welham had reported his loss to the police authorities in Wincliff, news of tbe robbery was wired to the headquarters of the detective department in London. As soon as I appeared in the office next morning the case was given into my hands. I was invested with power to do all I might think necessary to bring the offender to justice, and I started at once to commence my investigation of a case in whioh I felt more than ordinary professional interest. I arrived in Wincliff before the prisoner had been taken before the magistrate, ar.d it was there I learned nearly ail the particulars 1 have mentioned. In the first place, I was curious to see the man who h&d; become a criminal celebrity. My first view of him was obtained through the grating in the door of the cell in which he was confined. There was nothing in his appearance to correspond with my preoonceived notion of a desperate highwayman. But we know how deceptive and misleading appearance frequently are. Tbe spirit of a devil may be sometimes masked under the outward seeming of a person of more than ordinary virtue. I spoke to Jake Hiscough, and he replied to me with the air of a man whom the discovery of his crime had utterly confounded. I could not gain from him anything more than repeated assuranoe of his innocence. When I said the sovereigns in his pocket told a different tale, he merely •aid: " I know nothing about them sovereigns. Tbe devil must have put them there. I never did. I hadn't even a shillin' the last time I remember feelin' for money, an' how five pound came to be in my pocket I don't know. I believe there's some dodge in the whole affair tbat I can't understand. The gentleman that was robbed or Sergeant Lynes knows more about it than I do. I never robbed anybody in a mask or out of a mask, an' I wasn't ridin' about tbe road after dark neither. I can tell every place I was in, an'I swear 1 never saw that money before I saw it in the sergeant's hand, if swearin' will do me any good. " Swearing will not save you from being Dommitted for trial, or, at least, remanded. I'd help}ou if I could. If you can tell me where you were, and if others can prove you were not near the place when the gentleman was robbed, tbat will show that you can't have robbed bim. A man can't be in too places at one time, even if he has a horse to ride." "I wasn't on the back of a borse an yesterday." " A J^ertions without proof are no defence ag" 8 I strong evidence. The finding of the mi ney in your pocket will require a lot of erplbining." "An' I. can't explain nothing about that, I don't know bow it came there, an' I don't know how long it was there ; in fact, as I said before, I don't know anything about it." The prisoner named s few persons with whom he is d hn hod been about the time at which tbe robbery was committed. I made noteB of the n&n;:?s 8nd places he mentioned, intending to test the accuracy of his statements by personal inquiry. Mr. Welbam ao»Ji sat i«4 off on his drive to London eo early as he had intended that morning. He appeared in the court when the prisoner was brought up on the charge of having committed robbery from the person on the Queen's highway. He asserted tbat the five sovereigns found in the prisoner's pocket were part of the money of which he bad been deprived under threat of death ; but, as tbe robber was masked, and as he appeared to be humpbneked, he could noli say whether the prisoner was the man. Mr. Hilyard told his story,whioh was clear and circumstantial. He bad sent to ihe gentleman to whom he gave the sovereign in change, but had not yet heard from him. The landlord's statement left little doubt as to the prisoner's guilt, Sergeant Lynes deposed to finding the money. The prisoner, when questioned, said ho was not near the scene of the crime when the robbery was committed. He could prove that by colling witnesses, and be would swear he did not know anything about the money found in hie pocket. After hearing all, the magisirate agreed to remand ihe prisoner for three daye, during which the most searching inquiry should be made. Soon as the prisoner was removed from the dock, I arranged with the police authorities for an immediate and rigorous search oi the room he had slept in at the Roebuck Inn Without appearing to take a prominent part in the husincss, I accompanied tbe tesrebere and superintended tbeir proceedings. Mr Hilyard afforded us facility to visit the placeB m which the prisoner was principalis employed; but a very thorough rearch faihe to discover any other particle of the stolen property, or any article of attiro corre sponding to the description Mr. Wciliam h&i; given. While in the yard oi the inn I asked tb? ostler whether Jake DiscotiKh had taken out a horse the preceding eveuinjj, and learned that he bad not. Mr. Hilyard had riddrn out for about an hour in the evfnin» to call on s gentleman who lived a ft j w miles away, but he handed the horse to the ostler again about half an hour afier daik. I then went in searoh of the rereone •whose names 1 had jotted dcrn. ~I spoks about the trial srrl the charge, f-nd what I learned from Jake's friends corroborated what he bad tcld me. •'lean swpar, an' eo can others, Jsk« never left the Grey Goose from about halfpast three till nearly eix o'clock. We we« d t e piayin'quoits till it got dark, an' then we; turned into the parlor an' played dominoet till Jake went home. He was a bit 'fresh, but net mora to than I was. Ho might 'avc called somewhere elee on the way—I dar'say be wouldn't pans the Kelson without callin iu for a glaeg—but it was a long time aftei daik when he left me. lie's not a likely sort to be taken for the Man i' the Mask." Btfore night I had learned enough to satisfy me that Jake could not have committsd the robbery. But how was the presence of the coins in his pocket to be accounted for ? Aud how did it happen that only the marked money should be found in hiB possession, white thirty poundn in notes, a gold watch and chain, and two diamond rings had utterly disappeared. I thought over all I had learned long and 'earnestly. I put the different hMU: items ol knowledge together, as it is my habit to do, and tried to get a certain uletr idea out ol all. Before 1 siapt that night, I was fully certain of two things. Ooe was that Jake Hiscough was not the robber, though some of tbe booty was found in his pocket; the other was that Jake had met the real Man in the Mask, and I could find him. As early as poseible next morning, I waited on a magi»tr&te;, and sent word that I wanted a few words on important business. He gave me an interview at once. I told him my businest in Wincliff, and then laid before him the theory I had formed the night before. I oannot describe his astonishment as I proceeded, and I believe he thought as 1 did at last. I went from his house with n search warrant in my pooket. Thi n I went to the police cffice to complete arrangements for the step I intended to take. Tbe landlord of the lljebuck Inn vu partaking of his rather late breakfast when I, two police sergeants, and four men: entered his hoitelry on serious business. His ruddy complexion faded to an ashy paleness when I told him I held a warrant empowering me to search his house for stolen goods. Becovering from the stunning effect of the intelligence, he made a etep toward me as if he would kill me, but two of tbe men following instructions pSs. viously given, stepped before him. "We have to do our duty, Mr. Hilyard, and I hope you'll not make il more unpleasant. We must search youc rooms even if we have to overcome opposition." " Oaged 1—caught» Six men to one I" he hissed, glaring at the men be regarded as enemies with an expression of fuue that was wholly suggestive of murder. " I'll go np with you," he added, suddenly, as if speaking on some impulse. " No, sir. You would not assist us. I will leave three men here to prevent you from following us," said the sergeant—after which announcement Mr. Hilyard sank, seemingly powerless, in a chair. Our progress waa no longer impeded. We went to Mr. Hilyard's bedroom, and in a small box on the dressing table found the gold watch, the diamond rings, and the notes which Mr. Welham had lost. In' another box, fastened yith a padlock, wa found a tightly-folded parcel, which, on being opened, was found to contain soma of the properties used in the "make- up" of the Man in the Mask. There was the long, dark cloak, with a bundle of glasscloths sewn on the inside between the •shoulders to simulate a bump when worn. Within tbat was a dark bat of soft felt, to the inner edge of the rim of whioh und extending half around it, was firmly tacked a piece of stiff pasteboard, with two round perforations about two-tbirds of its length from the bottom. It was dark drab in color, and that was the mask which had so long shielded the robber from recognition. Arrest of Mr. Hilyard immediately followed these discoveries. At his subsequent (rial he confessed that he had placeti iba marked money in Jake HiecuugtrE pocktc while he slept. Soon as he returned afier tbe robbery be bad given one oi tbe stolen sovereigns to a gentleman in change. 11^ afterwards learned that tbe gold was marked, and feared it might be traced to bim. Ta turn suspicion from himself he invented the soherue we have described. But cunning and unscrupulous wrong did not prevent, ihn judge from condemning to penal serviti d !•>» ten years thb once mysterious 'Max in tbs KiSi." 