Baw Baw Debating Society. A wxo-avEa'oDn metiDg of the above newly formed society was held at Mr. H. Fairall's resti dloce on Thareday evening last. The business for the evening was a debate on extending the franhise to women. The Premier (Mr. Abornethy) said there were a great many objections to this bill, but he thought they fell to the ground, as he and his colleagoes would show. He contended that women in this country were treated little better than in Corea and China, where the man could remain at home and smoke his long pipe, while the woman had to go out and slave. it had been said that a woman was not expected to know as much as a man; but how often did we find a man seeking the advice of a woman ? In overything a woman seemed to excel. Toake for instance lady doctors. In medicine woman had shown her wonderful abilities; theou, again, take the school-girl, who had beaten the uboy. One more instance he would like to mention. Our great nation had a woman at its head, under whose ruling we had had the greatest of peace. In Wyoming, where women franchise had existed for the last 25 years, crime was not thought of, the gaols had scarcely any occupants, and lunatic isylums were things of the past. He trusted the house would pass the bill that night and allow the women a vote, and, more than that, to enter Parliament and set some of our worthy legislators an example. The leader of the Opposition (Mr. F". Guymor) said so sure as the day arrived when the women had a vote then good-bye to the working man, as they would vote for "prohibition," and that would throw thousands out of employment The Premier had mentioned about the woman at the head of affairs, but he would like to know how a woman bould not in the position of premier. He made reference to the lady nmayoress in New Zealand, who, he said, had lost all control of herself, and that was what would happen here if we gave women a vote and allowed them to stand for Parliament. He trusted the bill would be rejected. The members of the Government and Opposition having spoken, a division was taken, the bill being carried by an overwheloing majority. The business for next meeting will be readings, recitations, and impromptu spoeohes.--Commuui nated. In the dark hours of Sunday moriiug a week ago says theHobart (Tao.) "MIereury" a voang man was wonding his way homewards past the disused burial- ground in Campbell-street, when he souw a tall white-robed figure stalking namong the tombs. He did not run away, but " went for" the ghost, only to find it was a young woman in her robe de chambre, and in a sound sleep! While meditating as to what was to be done, he was made aware of a man similarly attired, who asked him his business in a rather gruff sort of way. Explanations followed, and it came out that the gostly-looking figure was the wife of a respectable rtizaun, who, nissing her from his side, rose from his bed and wont to look for her, and found her wandering in the gloomy nearopolis. 15,1000 trout ova arrzived from Neoew Zealand by the s.e. Waihora, and were forwarded to the Pros poet hatchin ponds on arrival, making 85,000 in l received this year. All the additional evidence in regard to Johnson's case not having yet been received by the Depart ment of Justice, no decision has been come to. The papers are now with the Minister. 