the ffll-thoepe ghost,' By "LUCY HABDY'.' (MES C. Loed), 1 j .'other of " Our Dear Bogs," et<5> ''jj ALL RIGHTS RESERVED, J "Sleepy Hollow," ae I hare heardVell- Thorpe irreverently described by caeual visBks, but I loved the place well. It waa one of t»se hundreds of pretty English villages lymg neittad &w;&v; amid Green. hills and woods, whose existence is practically unknown to any save resi dents in the vicinity. It had its " great house" near, but Sir Henry Colril, our squire, was a middle- aged bachelor, who lived chiefly abroad or in London, only paying his country estate a brief visit in the snooting reason. There was no inducement dor any family to bnry itself in n remote country place, without society, though my Uncle Philip had been vicar at Fell-Thorpe for twenty years, and would not have exchanged the living for an archbishopric. A quiet, atudious man, immersed in his books, Fell- Thorpe exactly suited hin. He hated society; our village afforded none; his means were email ; Fell-Thorpe was a cheap place of resi dence. He was a good and earnest man in the performance of his clerical duties, but the moat fervid real could not fill up the entire day with pastoral work amid so email a population. So that with all his duties to his flock, scrupu lously performed, Uncle Philip had yet leisure to pursue his beloved studies, and think onthis great always-to-be-written book ; I believe on ace subject of the differential calcolus. Look ing back, I can understand what a sacrifice of inclination to duty Uncle Philip made when he consented to receive me, a girl of eighteen, into his quiet household. My mother was Uncle Philip's only eister, and had eloped with an artist twenty years before, dying when I was about sis years old. Uncle Philip had opposed her marriage as strongly as so gentle a creature could oppose anything, and it was partly in consequence of his desertion by hie mother (who had lived with him in his London curate days, and had kept bis boose) that he was was so ready to bury himself with his books in a remote country village. little intercourse passed betwteu the brother and sister in after years, although no actual quarrel ever took place (I cannot imagine Uncle Philip quarrelling with anyone), and after my mother died, my father kept up &c; correspondence with his brother-in-law. Only when my father was dying did he be think blm of the relative of whom I knew nothing,, .and write, consigning bis penniless orphan niece to his care. Of my father I would prefer not to speak : he was my parent whatever were his short comings. I believe, in his way. he loved me: he managed to keep me at achool until I waa eirteen, and then, when the lady principal, wearied of the irregularity of his paymeuts, politely bat firmly declined to retain me longer, he shared bis Bohemian menage with me. He had talent undoubtedly, and might have made his mark in the world had he chosen to do so, but patrons and dealers weary of encouraging an artist who can never be relied upon to com plete a picture or keep an engagement, while a teste for cards and dice soon drains away a larger income than usually falls to the lot of even a successful painter. Two uncomfortable, restless years intervened between my quitting school and taking up my residence with Uncle Philip— years of shifting about in cheap pen sions in France and Italy; of debts, duns, questionable Bohemian associates : years -which taught me to appreciate even sleepy Fell- Tkcrpe as a liaven of refuge from a troublesome world. Uncle Philip had generously responded to the appeal to receive his sister's child, and even made the sacrifice (no slight one to a man of bis ehy, recluse habits) of journeying so far as Sever to meet me and take me to my new heme. I shall never forget tbe anxious, pcrzled glances the good old man cast at me as 1 sat opposite to him in the train, evidently regarding me &b; a strange creature, of whole fcabitamuLwayi he wa9 ignorant. " 1 hope you will be happy in your new heme, my dear," he said, at length. " "I have never been accustomed to take care of young girls." "I have always been accustomed to take care of myself, Uncle Philip; at least, ever siuce 1 left school," I replied truthfully : and Uncle Philip's countenance lightened consider ably as he said, in a tone of relief, " Have yon, indeed, my deaf : I am glad to hear it; I dare s zy we shall get on very well together." Very well indeed we had got on for over four years. My arrival had made very little difference in Uncle Philip's habits, and Deborah, the old housekeeper, who waa at first inclined to resent my coming, soon learned to tolerate me amicably when she found I never interfered with her. For myself, it was such a blessing to be spared all the mesn shifts and contrivances of our former existence ; never to have to confront insolent landladies or clamorous tradespeople, to live in an atmos phere of solvency and respectability ; for small eu was Uncle Philip's income, it was amply auScient to supply all his modest requirements, and even leave a tittle surplus over. Moreover I had an occupation, and occupied people axe never doll. - — — I bed inhpritedjsomaEte-it, ul my father's t-J my rapacity tin Jtiunliug under Ids tuition. Fell-Thorpe was rich in " bits" suitable for Iandscapepaint- ing ; and I was able, through a picture -dealer in London, who once patronised my father, to sell suthcient sketches and small studies to supply myself with a modest little income, enough for all my private needs, uncle Philip absolutely refusing to allow me to contribute to the household expenses, which he declared I scarcely increased. So we lived tranquilly to gether Uncle Philip deep as ever in his books, I busy with my easel. Doll as Fdl-Thcrpe was, we possessed one source of excitement, we had a local ghost. The village church, though small, was an ex ceptionally beautiful one; it had been built early in the fourteenth century by some un known benefactor, after the loving, lavish style in which onr forefathers were then wont to erect sacred edifices, end through the poverty of the local residents had happily escaped the " beautifying" (by galleries and whitewash) cf the eighteenth century, and the yet more destructive "restoring" of the nineteenth. A convent of none had formerly adjoined the church (the conventual buildings bad been destroyed at the Dissolution) and a carious sort of gallery at tbe west end of the church was stiU called the " K uns' Gallery." It was shut In by an exquisitely carved stone tracery, which rendered the occupants invisible below (unless they actually thrust their heads out of one ingle kind of " oeQ de boeuf ' in the middle of this etone screen) and yet enabled persons in the gallery to hear the service in tbe church below, and even to catch glimpses of the con gregation through the open spaces between the carving. This gallery was disused now, but tradition asserted that it was once connected by a passage with the convent; and that the nans lute been wont to occupy it on great festivals, when they attended service in the church. Here was the locale of the Fell-Thorpe ghost In days ef yore, eo ran the legend, a certain valiant bright deceased, leaving large estates to hie eldest daughter Sibyl ; but providing that, should she die without issue, they should descend to his younger daughter Hand, child of his second wife. His widow, who proved the typical " wicked stepmother," had therefore a strong motive, if not to take the life of her etep- . daughter, at least to keep her unmarried. This latter plan was easily carried oat. Sybil was betrothed to a young knight who joined the \- Crusades; plausible evidence of his death was forged, and the heart- broken gid easily par- suaded to immure herself in n convent. When bar betrothed returned ehe was for ever hidden from his sight. Years rolled by and some of the none, among them Sybil, now Sister Ave, migrated to the newly- elected cloister at Fdl- Thorpe. - And it so chanced, on one high festival when the none were singing behind their etone screen in the chnrch gallery, that Sister Ave beheld among the congregation beneath, the lover whom ehe had -long mourned as dead, alive and well, and with a fur young bride by his ride. With one wild call on her lover's name the nan thrust her head through the opening in the screen to gaze once more on his beloved features, and then sank back in.ar.riHa, and expired, literally of a broken heart, as the scandalised sisterhood were carrying her away. And, the story ran, on each anniversary of her death, a pallid fane in nun's coif and wimple looked out of the gallery, and a wailing cry resounded through the chnrch. It was even added that sometimes the. spectre "named" some of the local residents, and dhat the_ persona so distinguished invariably died during the year; bnt the ghost had not bear "personally interviewed" far centuries, ssiis manifestations only took place at tnid- fglit, and tradition had not preserved the xa ctdate of Lady Sybil's tragic demiBe. The legend 'mas-remembered because Hell-' fbioipefolkhad .so littieto talk about. The -old hereon,- >'crnd even Philip, oonsrientionsly xaUfed dhe stoiy to wy etray>isitbr who was iat OCT local epsctre was at least a niost inoffensive 1 one. | Amocg our few resident neighbors were an old major and his wife, the latter rather an ' invalid. They had come to Fell-Thoxpe some years ago, and apparently lacked the energy to go away again. Their little house salted them ; Mrs Grant was benefited by the country air ; they found variety in an occasional visit to Bath or Boston, and returned to Fell-Tliorpe alw&vs; talking of removing, but never carrying out their threat. Uncle Philip and the major became great cronies. From lack of other occupation, Ma j or Grant became an enthusiastic archaeologist. He took in a quantity of litera ture on the subject— remarkably doll publica tions they appeared to me— and he was always prowling about the church and finding (or imag ing ) some hitherto undiscovered attraction, in its hoary stones. He had lately lighted upon a small window in the chancel, now built up, and had conceived the theory tb&t; this was one of the ancient 44 lepers windows" (made to allow the victims of that fearful disease to behold from without the church sacred rites they might not mingle with the congregation to share in), and was simply wild to have this window re opened and filled with stained glass. He suc ceeded in tofectingUncle Philip with his enthu siasm, but restorations cost money. This con sideration, however, by no means damped the major s zeal. His idea was that we should gather all we possibly could in the neighbor- hood, and then make an appeal to the gene rosity of the public in the newspapers, setting forth how we had done our little all, and now- appealed to "lovers of archajology" to help us to complete our good work. "111 tell you what 111 do myself," said the major. " I'll give you a beautiful old seven teenth century alms-box in carved oak — I picked it up cheaply abroad one year — and you can set it u& in the church and invite contributions for our fund. Why, my dear fellow, surely eveu the poor folk will feel a little interest in I so important, so local, an object. Now Sunday week is your harvest thanksgiving — by -tbe - way, Sir Henry will be down here then— you just preach a good, impressive sermon, and point out the architectural gem. I have dis covered, and invite liberal contributions." " Everyone is poor here,1' sighed uncle Phillip. ' " Poor people can give something — look what a year this has been for the farmers (it was suuuy 1SS7). beside we never had any real local Jubilee Memorial. Now, the restoration of this interesting— this glorious— window, would be a very fitting one." Carried away by the tide of enthusiasm, Uncle Philip readily consented to exert bis best eloquence to iuduce the congregation to l>elieve that to contribute to our 44 Restoration Fund" would be the most appropriate form of evincing their thankfulness for the harvest of 1SS7 ana the Accession of 1S37. 44 But we really cunnot — knowing the circum stances of the aggregation expect above " "Ten pounds/' interpolated the major: 44 re member Sir Henry will be there and all his servants/ 44 No, no. say seven — well, maybe rather over. Of course we may gather more by special house to house appeals.1" fcl_; . . The festival day came, and Uncle Philip preached one cf his best sermons; he really was eloquent sometimes, though he varied consider- , ably, often preaching admirable, scholarly dis- coutyes, but completely 44 over the heads" of the rustic congregation, who had never read the Fathers and knew nothing of early heresies. But on this occasion Uncle Phillip laid aside allusions to Gnostics and Manicheone, and E reached in a style comprehensible to his eaters: and I felt sanguine as regards the col lection we should find in the box "our neigh bor's kind gift/ as uncle Philip explained this receptacle to be. Unfortunately the major and bis wife were absent, also our senior church warden: the former obliged to start earlier than usual tor Buxton in consequence of a fit of gout ; the latter til in bed. But both had promised to forward contributions to our 44 Window Res toration fund/ so their absence would not affect us financially. 44 1 will leave the box unopened until Satur- ay," remarked Uncle Philip as we ate cur early dinner. 44 1 should like Smith (the churchwarden to be present, and it is possible that as there is a sainted-day service this week a trifle more may be added to the contents of the box after to-day." I knew that Smith had somewhat " cold watered" the schemeof the collecting box. and understood that Uncle Philip was looking for ward to a mtid triumph when it was unlocked. Saturday afternoon accordingly my uncle, Mr Smith (the keeper of the village shop and vicar's churchwarden) repaired to thecburch, I accompanying them as a curious spectator. ' 44 And now to see what our good neighbors have done for us," raid Uncle Philip, as he un locked the box and raised the lid. Could we believe onr eyes ? Uncle Philip fairly rubbed his as if to make sure that he was not the victim of some strange optical delusion. Yet. gaze as he would, count as he would, the fact remained that eightpence in coppers and two peppermint drops represented the entire 4i thank offerings1 of the congregation. Mr Smith first broke the awful silence. 44 1 sever did hold with Hits new-fangled idea of the major's about a box/1 he remarked solemnly. 44 Perhaps," aaid Uncle Philip, in the tone of Ana satrhrn tit a ntriifr/ ' prnpln made a TAUESke and put their money into the poor box." We boasted an antique receptacle so labelled, which was opened quarterly, and its contents (if any) distributed among a few needy widows. It has been recently so emptied, and was found empty a till. Uncle Philip was a mild , and a patient, but worms turnattest. He preached next day in a style wholly novel to his hearers, and, for once, the entire congregation sat awake and attentive, the bucolic mind slowly gathering that "passon do seem terrible put about like by summat." I sincerely hoped that Sir Henry, whom we all looked upon as the worst offender, would feel pricked in his con science, and it seemed as if t ais was the case, for the baronet lingered after the congregation had dispersed, and said good humoredly, 44 Well, Mr Archer, you don't give us a very good character for liberality, I really think you are a bit hard on us, though." "Ihave my duty to perform and my message to deliver, Sir Henry," said mv uncle, gravely. 44 Yes, of course. Only you know we are not Croesus down here, and if each gives according to his ability 44 Are you a were of the amount of last Sun day's collection r" asked my uncle. 44 Not at all. I should recognise my own con tribution. though.1' 4 Oh, would you," eaid Uncle Philip, with a carious little emile, 44 then if you will accom pany me to the vestry X have pleasure in showing you what the liberality of Fell- Thorpe has considered an appropriate thank-offering at their jubilee harvest festival." We entered the vestry ; Uncle Philip unlocked the quaint antique safe which contained the Communion date, and draw out a lmg which he emptied on the table. 44 Six pennies, two half-pennies, three, no, four farthings, and two peppermint drops. I leave it to you to identify your own contribution, Sir Henry,1 said Uncle Philip, with sarcastic politeness, adding, "J scarcely think the remarks I made regarding this collection were unjustified." Sir Henry stood with an expression or blank amazement upon his ruddy good-humored face. 44 But, my dear air, there's something alto gether wrong here." 44 Exactly what I arid this morning— it is sadly, lamentably wrong." 44 But I mean," almost shouted the baronet, 44 that this isn't the real collection. I alone pnt in Ave pounds ; I gave a five-pound gold piece, one of the newly -coined Jubilee xt occurred to me that yon mfgTifr frifln more for it as a curiosity. Mr Archer, the box has been robbed." We returned to the riiniyi>t and scrutinised the box closely. Neither lode nor the box bore the least signs of having been tampered with— and yet, where was fite gold five-pound piece? "The box has a large opening," said Sir Henry. 44 Xt would not be difficult to insert a thin stick or piece of whale-bone, smeared with bird-lime, and so extract the coins. X have heard of such fofaga being done before." 44 But there is no one here likely to do such a wicked thing," said Uncle Philip, warming to the' defence of his parishioners. 44 Well, I don't know. Fell -Thorpe can furnish a poacher or two, my gamekeepers tell roe. It is dear that the box has been robbed, Mr Archer, and you ought to have the matter investigated, fly the way,1! fend the' baronet , paused before leaving the vestry, 44 do you keep that fine Sacramental date in ore church?" It really was fine plate, unusually valuable to be in use in a village fa, Some two wmtnriwi ago it had' been presented to the church by a pious maiden lady, who bequeathed her modest .platea&d; furoitSre," wMcW&lier;'e sacri- ugioos troopers had plundered In the Civil Wars. .Apart from their Intrinsic value, the massive' chalices and oaten were exquisite specimens of sflversmtihs1 workmanship, and anight have graced a cathedral \- " Whem Should X keep the Communion plate but here ; 'it has been safe in this vestry for two centnries and mom/' said Uncle Philip. =; /, ® clear "that iliiam Jiara fwrrifd off something already from/the chnrch, -ia&fi; Itope they will not pay Jon another yiBit," jnifl BjrjHeniy, and . departed, leaving Uncle Philip in a condition of the deepest dejec tion. 4I thought my flock misers — am 1 to be lieve them thieves also ? 17 he asked, in despairing tones. The village constable and Mr Smith were both summoned to give counsel in the matter, but without much good result, the former frankly avowing that the matter 44 beat Mm ; " the tetter repeating that he had 44 never held" with the box. A plate held at tbe church door would have obviated all risk of robbery. Mr Smith, however, made cue prac tical suggestion that certain pieces of money should be marked and placed in the box. Should the theft be repeated and these coins changed in the village they might lead to the identification of the thief. Uncle Fhilp listened dejectedly to a scheme which seemed likely to place Mm in the unenviable position of & prosecutor of one of his own parishioners ; but Mr Smith was insistent, ana some coins duly marked were dropped into the box. We , sjient a miserable evening at the Vicarage. t Uncle Philip, an almost morbidiy conscientious man, gave himself up utterly to self -reproaches. If, after twenty years' pastoral work, his teachings bad borne no better fruit than this, it was a clear proof that he had mistaken his 1 vocation — he was unfit for his post, and so on ; until Deboihh, who was clearing the table, ! openly 44 dratted " the major andhis scheme of restoration. " If he'd a been content to leave the church as he found it, there'n a been no box to rob, and mastv woulduta been worrited.'1 Truly, 44les absents ont tou jours tort." Every one seemed to put all the blame on poor innocent Major Grant. Uncle Philip was equally despondent when Monday came : so much so, that in the afternoon I made up my mind to go off and see if the Grants had re turned. as thev had arranged to do on this day. Major Grant was a cheery little body, and would pay him a visit. Besides. I was naturally anxious to be the first to announce the startling news of the suspected robbery. 44 You'll be caught in the rain, Miss Annie, I'm thinking," remarked Deborah, as she saw me about to set out on my expedition. I had a good two miles' walk before me, the Grants living at the extreme end of the parish. 44 If it rains I may wait to dinner and walk back with the major afterwards/' I said ; 44 don't let Uncle Philip wait for me if I am not back to tea, Deborah." Deborah gave a sniff, which I knew meant that she would see that Uncle Philip waited for no one. I was often accustomed to drop in to meals at the Grants, and the major to return the compliment at the Vicarage ; but the Grants still kept up the fashion of a late dinner at six o'clock, while we contented ourselves with the humble mid-day repast. I think, however. Deborah's housekeeping was the more liberal of the two. Mrs Grant was always glad to welcome a visitor to break the monotony of her quasi-invalid life, and we had a fiction of reading French and Italian together which served as an excuse for frequent visits. Before 1 had gone far on my way, however, the rain began to descend. I have before mentioned that X sketched and painted. X had lately been finishing 6ome small studies of the views from our church tower, and had taken the freedom, without consulting Uncle Philip, to make use of the 44 Nuns Gallery1' as a kind of temporary studio. The old woman who cleaned, or was sup posed to dean, the church, readily agreed to sweep and dost out this disused part of the edi fice for my convenience, and here I was wont, after concluding my day's on the tower, to stow away my palette, paints and c&nvae;, instead of troubling to carry them to and fro daily as I did the great church key. Now, as the rain began to descend, I remem bered that I had left my waterproof cloak as well as my painting gear in the Nuns Gallery. Luckily I had the key of the chnrch in my pocket. I seldom went out without it, Uncle Philip possessing a duplicate. It was tut a step across the road to the church, and I soon found my property, but as I turned to descend the dark winding stairs which led from the Nuns' Gallery I stumbled, and, in the effort to save myseli, fell against the half -opened door which shut off the end of the staircase. It closed with a slam, and I immediately remembered that it was only opened by an outside latch, conse quently X was caught in a trap. I groped and fumbled, and hurt my fingers in vain. It was impossible to open the door from within, and I resigned myself to the inevitable. I was less alarmed at my predicament than many girls of my age would have been. As regards ' the ghostly associations of the gallery X was utterly sceptical. My life, before coming to Fell-Thorpe had been too full of practical cares and anxieties to leave much room for imagina tive terrors. I had faced the stern realities of life too early to be much troubled with 44 nerves.' I should be missed and inquired for as tbe evening drew on, and Deborah at least knew that 1 was in the habit of making sketches from the church tower. They were sure to lock for me here when it was discovered that I was not at the major's. It was pro voking to be thus caged, and I hoped that I .should he released before X began to grow hungry, but any fears of a supernatural visita tion in the gallery never crossed my mind. To beguile the time/l commenced a sketch of the church as seen from my eyrie, and thus oocupied, worked until the evening shades began to fa.lL' Seven o'clock, right, the church was growing dark now, and 1 began to feel chilly (though it was worm weather), tired and decidedly hungry. Well, it could not be long before I was missed and sought f?r, so I wrapped myself in my cloak, ana nestling my self into a convenient angle of the wall, set my self to await release as patiently as might be. At test I fell asleep. I awoke suddenly, with a sensation of having slumbered for weeks, and was startled to see & light in the chuich below. I sprang up, and was about to call out, when a voice fell on my ear. 44 Nobody ∫ there," and the door at tbe foot of the staircase, which had apparently been opened, gave a click. 44 I'd have settled 'urn if there had," growled another tone. Peering cautiously through the interstices of the stonework, I perceived, in the nave, two men, one of whom I recognised as Roger Simmons, a viltege loafer, strongly suspected of poaching proclivities the other a most vfilianous looking man, who carried in his hand a heavy bludgeon, and a bag over his arm. Perhaps the ups and downs of my former life had taught me self -control, for I checked my first impulse to call out, and waited. There waa little doubt that I was face to face with the robbers of our alms-box, equally little doubt that it would be wise to conceal my presence. Squeezed against the front of the gallery I held my breath and watched. "Come on," said the strange man. im patiently throwing down his hag and extracting therefrom some tools. 44 What (with an oath) are you staring about for ? 44 There's If gbaist," half blubbered Roger, who seemed as if dragged on against his will. 44 1 be mortal feared to think we may see Bhe. " The elder man swore roundly at Roger's cowardice and superstition in terms which I re frain to quote. < Meastur,9' eaid Roger, desperately, in the tones of one making a test appeal : 44 1 can't go for to do it. Why, my did dame ud break h»r heart to think of them holy things being touched : no good '11 come of it, you'll see — taint like faking silver out o' passon's own house!" 44 No, I don't think in&t; your 4 passon/ aB vca «il him, -deals in such silver/ said the other ruffian, coolly, ashe BOrted and selected his tools; 44 but you village fools don't know valuable when you see them. To think !" he added, with another oath. 44 that it was just by chance I caught sight of these things the Sunday I came to church to gammon you good folks, and yon only telling me of foe haul I might make out of foe alms-box. By the way, here goes again," and by foe device which Sir Henry had suggested — a bit of whalebone apparently smeared with some sticky substance, foe box was again rifled with a dexterity which told of long practice. , __ 44 It's no use shaking and shivering - 'now," wentonfoe remorseless robber ; 4Jyoure In for it all foe way; you helped to rob foe poor box last week, and you've get to show me where foejnlver'e kept now, so come along and no more talking/' - . Hesitating and trembling, the less courageous thief followed towards foe vestry, murmuring about his 44 dame/1 44passou," 44 1' ghaist/' religious scruples and superstitious terror warring with foe foe power his fellow- criminal had obtained over Mm. X had not lived for over four years at Fell- , Thorpe without becoming imbued with some of the sentiments of the place, and thesacreligious theft to be perpetrated upon our treasured altar vBffiris roused me to ifitense indignation. An idea occurred to me, I might run some risk, but J would chance that. Pressing my face against foe openings of foe carving I gave vent to a long sighing groan, and was delighted to hear foe sound greeted by an absolute yell from Roger:. 44 T ghaist, it he she/' he cried, and would have rnshed from foe church bad not his com panion held him. " 44 Wait a bit, yon fool, whispsred this latter, bat X was pleased to detect a decided tremor in his voice. I gave vent to another melancholy righ, load enough to be audible below. . . 44 Corse it, there's some one epying up there/ ' cried foe strangri, flashing Mb bull's eye lantern 1 pn foe gallery. A sudden inspiration, bom of the danger wnichXkndfrl was in, flashed npon me. X hastily wrapped my. handkerchief round1 my face, drew the. dark cloak over my head, and fonfl having arranged up a very fair limita- tion of a nun's head gear, thrust my head out of foe opening where tradition asserted Lady Sybil had protruded hecs, and poured out a loud wailing cry like a veritable Banshee. Cold and terror doubtless gave to my voice a wierd sound enough. The effect of my appearance was magicaL Roger fled yelling to th idoor, end his companion was appearantly now more solicitous to outstrip him than to detain him — in a second or two the men had vanished, leaving their tools and lantern behind them in their flight. It was some time before I ventured to descend the stairs ; and then found to mr great relief, that tbe door, which one or other of the thieves had opened (I suppose to see if anyone was hiding on foe staircase) had not quite closed. As I stepped out into the church, the outer door opened, I shrank back into the darkness, but was relieved to see only Uocle Philip, to whom I rushed.: and -afocr startled the land old by bursting int a convulsive fit of sobbing in Ma arms. 44 There, my dear, there," he said soothingly, patting my head, ' I suppose you got yourself shut in somehow by accident, and its sadly unfortunate that you should have been kept here so long ; midnight, bless me," as foe clock chimed above us. 44 But foe fact is that I was called out just as I was going to bed, to baptise a dying child at the other end of the parish, and when I came back and found you Btill missing, I, of course, started off first to foe major's, where Deborah said you had gone. The Grants have not yet come hoise, and I found the house empty and locked up. But as I came back, I remembered that you sometimes sketched at the church, and thought it just possible that you might be iu here, particularly as foe outer door was ajar— careless of you to leave it so, by foe WAV. mv love— but. ph. what's this." and TTncle Philip broke off his narrative as his eye fell upon foe tools and lantern on the floor, visible by the light of a -similar bull's eye which he himself carried, a serviceable guide for his nocturnal perambulations over our dark country I rapidly explained my adventure, and how I had played upon the superstitions fears of the thieves to save our altar plate. Uncle Philip was delighted. " You ran some risk, though my brave, clever little girl," he said at length, after laughing heartily at my description of the abrupt departure of 'the thieves, 4and I am j thankful all has ended as it did. And now, i Annie, remember, not a word of this adventure to any one for a day or two. I think I see my way to get hack some of our lost almsbox col lection." Early next morning Uncle Philip paid a visit to Roger, who lived with his old mother, a re spectable widow, to whom her son's idle and discreditable courses were a source cf sincere regret. It was, indeed, consideration for old Mrs Simmons, whom every one liked and pitied, which had made Sir Henry's head gamekeeper somewhat Mind to Roger's more than suspected poaching proclivities. The village ne'er-do-weel v&8 now, however, laid up in bed; groaning under foe newly-awakened terrors of a guilty conscience, and a firm belief that he should not long survive the ghostly warning which he be lieved himself to have received from Lady Sybil's wrath. He needed no urging to pour ont all his guilly secret to Uncle Philip, con- faring how be had long had secret dealings , with the stranger, a noted London 44 cracks man/' regarding foe disposal of his poached ' game; how this 44 Bill" had come; down to lodge at his mother's cottage for change of air (burglars, like other people, may take an occasional holiday), and how the announcement of our proposed collection for the Restoration Fund suggested to foe London thief an opportunity for combining professional business with pleasure. Roer, already in his power from their previous illicit transactions, was a hopeless tool in his hands. Like a once famonB London burglar, Mr Brown, as the thief chose to be called, passed for an extremely respectable, even religious, kind of man, and qnite won poor dame Simmons' heart by foe regularity with which he accompanied h- to church on Sunday mornings, a thing she could never induce her son to do. We have seen how piously Mr Brown employed himself during service time by 44 taking notes" of our local valuables, with a view to their ultimate plunder. Uncle Philip had the satisfaction of recovering from the penitent Roger a part of the sprite of our almsbox, notably foe gold five pound piece. The congregation had come for ward very handsomely after all, and x think Uncle Phillip preached to himself as well as to his hearers when he delivered himself of an elo quent harangue against 4 - rash and nnchflrifafrfo judgments" in his next sermon. The stolen coins, or at least foe larger part of them, had been concealed in a hiding-place near Roger's cottage, and Mr Brown had been in such haste to catch the next train to London (one stopped in foe early hours of the morning at a station some five miles off) that he had actually struck straight away across country to Byford Junction, without delaying even to fetch his clothes from Mrs Simmons'. I wonder if thin worthy believed in foe ghost, or sus pected a police ambush ? 'Any way he disap peared, and Fell-Thorpe saw him no more. There was no doubt about Roger's view of foe affair. Uncle Philip felt bound to explain foe real state of affairs to Mm, when foe man as sorted tbe ghost had appeared to him, called Mm by name, and therefore sealed his doom. Bnt Roger rejected all attempts at explana tion. If, as Uncle Philip asserted, I was in the gallery, well, like the Mousquetaire in the "Ingoldsby Legends," Roger could only declare 44 ily a deux." 44 1 know what I seed, sir," he persisted, with a stolid obstinacy pecu liar to the bucolic organisation : and Uncle Philip was silenced. Of course we ought to have prosecuted Roger : so said Sir Henry, and foe major, and even Uncle Philir. Bnt foe fellow was only the minor criminal after all. He had received & terrible fright, was apparently sincerely peni tent, and had made alt the reparation in his >ower. Village communities are always glad to be rid of a local black sheep quietly, with out scandal. Our local magnates decided to act like the kindly suburban gardeners who, loth to crush the snails whifo they remove from their own cabbages, quietly drop them over their neighbor's palings. Roger was offered his liberty on the same termB accorded to many an ancient wrong' doer, on the condition that he 44 presently transported himself forth of onr dominions." Sir Henry discovered that a re cruiting-sergeant was busy at Byford, and Roger, who was a stout, well-grown young fellow enough, waa readily enrolled amongst the new recruits. We kept his secret ; only, lite foe Justice in the "Critic/ piously hoping that foe church robber might, in future 44 Defend his country's tews With half the vigor that he broke them alL" I was glad to learn in after years that such actually proved foe case. Work, and discipline, and removal from evil associates, worked wonders for Roger, as these factors have done for many another apparent ne'er-do-weel who has 44 joined foe colors.' As Uncle Phillip wrote to me a month ago, no one could have recognised foe idle, poaching loafer of days gone by in foe smart young Boldier who was paying his mother a visit during his furlough, on foe return of hie regiment from abroad, where he had served with much credit daring one of onr 4 little ware/ 44 Lady Sybil's ghost" saved more than foe altar plate, laughed good- natured Sir Henry ; and immoral as onr leniency may have been, X am glad that Roger, more weak than wicked, was saved the stigma of foe jail, if only for hte old mother's sate. Wegainadtmr window without applying to the general public. Sir Henry was Uber&l; enough to snake up foe deficiency in our local fond, remarking to Uncle Phillip that he thought foe 44 lady who saved foe «Hnr plate" deserved some recompense, and that he knew I, as well as Uncle Phillip and the major, desired to see foe church beautified, for Henry is a kindly pleasant man, I ought to know, eeeing X have been Iub niece for some years now. Arthnr, my hoflbandand for Henry's presumptive heir, tells me that it was lus uncle's praises of 41 the girt who kept her bead in circum stances where many people would have screamed and fainted," which first made him desirous of staying at Fell-Thorpe Hall, and making the acquamtHTiceoffoisfemale paragon. 44 Lady Sybil" Is still my nickname -from Sir Henry. Not very long ago X happened to take np a work on foe local traditions and superstitions current in that part of England in which Fell- Thorpe is located. Our ghost was described in its pages; and I read, with, much interest, that 44 as late as the Jubilee year " this spectre was beheld by 44 credible witnesses ' and by its timely apparition prevented an attempted burglary in the church. It is . always unkind to spoil a good story, eo 44 Iady Sybil" bis allowed this interesting narrative, founded pre sumably on the authority of Roger or -Mr Brown, either of whom may have let out aozhfe scraps of foe occurrence, concealing of course their own share therein, to paas uncontra dicted, and our local ghost may still be credited with foe beneficent guardianship of our sacred valuables. . ' . 