Pub~leicei eecry Fridayt dl1foiiatw. FIIIi)AY, AUGUOtT' a1, 1811. TtOMrPleBTOWIN BUIIIIO, Couonlltor I.6 Bttggiaot wos, htot Monday, ierlctl Pretsdcet., theo oilowaoco Isoig Ilit. IIOIRSBVILLI BtIlttN, Councllior Johno fitOrotton hos been olected I're~looet for tho eniuiog year, with Ali alloownco of 4I5, IMMItOVAL, hours. M11th. Roli ioI Oakliy, uollltoior, &o.;, sononco u tentt they hav ronovedl romi Hwunooton streot to itt Quaccl Hirot, Mll. bourne, near Ilho Bonk of Auotrolosho, 'Itoe vool omoothly oiooting of this Coco. all wilt ho cll h IIo itfaii oliy nxtit. i t'ooiInu t ovoinoollacitig io ortloolnry Ijllhnioa tlo t'iimhdoot for iio ensotog tHoe olv outts will ho ulhurou. CIICKET. Miembers and intending lemlbers of the Kangaroo Ground Cricket Club are invited to attend practice on the old ground to-mor. row afternooll. nOYAI. AOCICOULTTITRA 8110OW. The twenty.lfith annual show of the lRoyal Agricultural Society of Victoria was opened on \Wledneday last, and is now in full swing. Judging from reports ln the letlbourlno ltapsrs the show Is of an attrac tive nature. YARitA OLLEN BUTTER FPATOYT. The Yarra Glen Iutter and Cheese Factory will re-open on Iontday next, when milk will be paid fr at rates stated in our odver. tising columns. Non-subsecrbers will be charged for skimmed milk. It is to be hoped that the factory will be liberally patroniscd. TWO lOUR0S' 0G5NINE FUN. 011 Saturdoy evening Inext Alr. Ilosking, the clover conjuror, ventrilqulist and ghost lanufacturer, will give a dlislay of llis mlany and well-attested talenls at the leehablte Ilull, l?.tham. Throughout Australla hI has becomle famous as the exposer of the "0Millun" spirituallstic frauds, which succeeded iu making suelh fools of a number of the most intellectual leading citizens of Sydney. lie is said to produce more spooky Ppooks tIhan .Mrs. hillion over attempted, and to do it ulder far grcoate disadvantageso. Mr. ltosking has also earned a hilgh reputation as an all. round exponent of legerdemain and novel rentriloquism, and is assisted io a very extensive and amusing pr,,gramme by Mr. Arthur Williamson, who is a composer and tusicilan of the first order. Lir. Illoslting Is well known In this district,. having assisted at vatious chartlable entertatnments In fotrer years. Now that Ihe Is visiting the district with a novel and instructive yet very amuslug enterainlment, It is to be hoped that the resldents will attend and show their appreciation of his past efforts. The moderato charges of Is 6d and is will be made. LMessrs. lHosking and Walliamson will also appear at the Kangaroo Ground Hall on .Monday evening next. 