ft Terrible Mystery (Commenced in our mut of 5th May.) PAET "nr. XV.—How they Parted, v V,—The Telling of the Secret. VI.—Tho Lut Ending of tbe Tragedy.' , Vn.—Two Years After. VIII.—Bbrgiven or—Forgotloo t IX.—Baying Good-by X.^The .Second Bridal. XL^SheKigbt. XIL—Tht Morning. CffAFTER IV. , HOW THEY PASTED. That ride—all her life it cams' back \- to lim iike a bad nightmare. She kept 'Jk her eyes turned away as muchaaehe ^ c <u'd ir.im tbat rigid form and ghastly , faoe opposite, bat in spite of herself they would wander back. What Miss ^p&thcroi; had said was true then—he jdyiig—death was pictured in his What if, after all, there .was . eomo ee .ftit strong enough to make hiB conduct in leaving her right f She had thought it orer and wondered and wondered, until her brain waa dated, but could never hit on any solution. She ioould not now—it was not right. Whatever the secret was, he had known it before he married hot—why had jie not left her then—why in leaving her after had he not explained ? There was no excuse for him, none, and in spite of the white, worn face that pleaded for him, her heart hardened once more— hardened until she felt neither pity nor pain. They reached tbe hotel. Jamieon, the valet, came down, and recoiled at sight of his master's long-lost wife. ' My lady !' he faltered, staling as though he had see a ghost. 'Your master has met with an accident, Jamison, Edith said calmly, ignoring the title. How oddly it sounded to her. ' You had better have him conveyed to bis room and Bend for a surgeon. And, if Lady Helena iB in town—' 'Lady Helena is in town. "Will—' Jamison hesitated, ' will you not dome in, my lady, and wait until her ladyship comes?' Again for a moment Edith hesitated and thought. It would be necessary for some one to explain—she could not go away either without knowing whether the injury he had received were fatal or not, since that injury was received in her service. She set her lips and alighted. ' I will remain until Lady Helena arrives. Pray lose no time in sending 6 for her.' 'I will send immediately, my lady,' answered Jamison respectfully. * Thompson,' to a waiter, ' show this lady to a parlor at onoe.' And then Edith found herself following a gentlemanly sort of man in black, down a long hall, up a great staircase, along a carpeted corridor, and into an elegant private parlor. The man lit the gas and went, and (hen she was alone. She sat down to think. VYhat a strange adventure it had been, She had wished for her freedom—it seemed as though it were near at hand. She shuddered and shrank from, herself. ' What a wretch I am,' she thought; ' what a vile creature I must be. If he dies, I shall feel aB though I murdered him.' How long the hours and half-hours, told off on the clock—eight, nine, ten, —would Lady Helena never come ? It was a long way to St. John's Wood, but she might surely be here by this time. It was half-past ten, and tired outjthinking, tired out with her day's work, she had fallen into a sort of uneasy sleep and fitful dream in her chair when she suddenly became half conscious of some one near her. 8he had been dreaming of Sandypoint, of quairelling with her cousin. ' Don't Charley!' she said petnlently, aloud, and the sound of her own voice awoke her fully. The started up, bewildered for the second, and found herself face to face with Lady Helena. With Lady Heleda, looking very pale and sorrowful, with tear-wet eyes and oheeks. She had been watching Edith for the past five minutes silently and sadly. The girPs dream was pleasant, a half smile parted her lips. Then she had moved restlessly. 'Don't Charley?' she said distinctly, and awoke. It was of him then she was dreaming —thoughts of him had brought to ber lips that happy smile. The heart of the elder woman contracted with a sharp sense of pain. 'Lady Helena." 'Edith!' - v She took the girl's hand in both her own and looked kindly at her. She had liked her very much in the days gone by, though she had never wished her nephew to marry her. And ahe could hardly blame her very greatly under the circumstances. if her dreams were of the man . she loved, not of the bridegroom wfco had left her. ' I—1 think I fell asleep,' Edith said confusedly ; I was wry tired; and it all seemed so quiet and tedious here. How iBhe?' 'Better and asleep—they gave him an opiate. He knows nothing of your being here. It was very good of you to come, my child.' ' It was nothing more than a duty of common humanity. It was impossible to «void coming,' Edith answered, and then briefly ana rather coldly narrated how the sccident had taken place. ' My-poor boy!' was all Lady Helena said, but there was a heart sob in every word;' he would die gladly to save you augment's pain, and yet it has been his bitter lot to inflict the worst pain of your Ufa My poor child, you can't understand, and we can't explain—it must seem very hard and inoomprehintible to you, but one day you will know all, aud jou will do him justice at least! Ah, Edith! if you had not refused Inez —if only you were not so proud, if you would take what is your right and your due, he might bear this separation until heaven's good time. As it is, it is killing him.' 'He looks very ill,'Edith said ; 'what is the matter with him?' ' Heart disease — brought on by mental suffering. No one oan tell what he has undergone since his most miserable wedding-day. It is only known to Heaven and to himself, but it has taken his life. As surely as ever human heart broke, bis broke on the day he left you. And you, my poor child—you have suffered too.' ' Of that we will not Bpeak,' the girl answered proudly; 'what is done, is done. For me, I hope the worst is over —I am safe and well, and in good hetdth, as you see. I am glad Sir Victor Catheron has not met his death in my service. I have only one wish regarding him and that is that he will keep away from me. And now, Lady Helena, before it grows any later, I will go home.' 'Go home! At this honr? Host certainly you will not. You will remain nere all night. Oh, Edith, you must indeed. A room has been prepared for you, adjoining mine. Inez and Jamison will remain with Victor until morning, and—you ought to see him before you go.' She shrank in a sort of horror. ' No, no, no! that I cannot! As it is so late I will remain, but see him—no^ no! Not even for your sake, Lady Helena, can I do that.' 'We will wait until to-morrow comes,' was Lady Helena's response ,* now you shall go to your room at once.' 8he rang the bell, a chambermaid came. Lady Helena kissed the girl's pale cheek affectionately, and Edith was led away to the room she was to occupy that night It was certainly a contrast in its size and luxurious appointments to that she had used for the last ten months. 8he smiled a little as she glanced around. And she was to spend the night under the same roof wiui Sir Victor Catheron. If anyone had predicted it this morning, how scornfully she would have refused to believe. 'Who can tell what the day may bring forth!' was Edith's last thought as she laid her head on her pillow. ' I am glad—very glad, that tne accident will not prove fatal. I don't want him or anyone else to come to his death through me.' She slept well and soundly, and awoke late. She sprang out of bed almost instantly, and dressed.' She could but ill afford to Iobb a day. Before her toilet was quite completed there was a tap at the door. She opened it and saw Miss Catheron. ' I fancied you would be up early, and ordered breakfast accordingly. Aunt Helena awaits you downstairs. How did you sleep ?' ' Very well. And you—you were up all night, I suppose f' 'Yes. I don't mind it at all, though —I am quite used to night watching. And I have the reward of knowing Victor is much better—entirely out of danger, indeed- Edith,' she laid her hands on the girl's shoulders and looked down into her eyes,' he knows you aro here. Will you be merciful to a dying man, and see him?' She changed colour and shrank a little, but she answered proudly and coldly: ' ' No good oan* come of it. It will be much better not; but for my own part I care little. If he wishes to urge what you come to urge, I warn you, I will not listen to a word—I will leave at once.' ' He will not urge it. He knows how obdurate you are, how fruitless it would be. Ah, Edith, you are a terribly haughty, self- willed girl. He will not detain you a moment—he wishes to make but one parting request.' ' I can grant nothing — nothing,' Edith said, with agitation. ' You will grant this, I think,' the other answered, sadly, 'dome, dear child, let us go down; Lady Helena waits.' They desoended to breakfast; Edith ate little. In spite of henelf, in spite of her pride and self-command, it shook her a little—the thought of speaking to him- But. how was she to refuse ? She rose at last, very pale, very stern and resolute looking—the Booner it was over, and she was gone, the better. ' Now,' she said, ' if you insist—' ' I do insist,' answered Inez, steadily. ' Come.' She led her to a door down the corridor and rapped. How horribly thick and fast Edith's heart beat; she hated herself for it. The door opened, and the grave, professional face of Mr. Jamison looked out. 'Tell Sir Viotor Lady Catheron is here, and will see him.' The.man bowed and departed. Another instant and he was again before them: ' Sir Victor begs my lady to enter at once.' Then Inez Oatheron took her in her arms and kissed ber. It was her farewell. She pointed forward and hurried away. Edith went on. A door and curtain separated her from the inner room. She opened one, lifted the other, and husband and wife were face to face. He lay upon a low sofa—the room was partially darkened, but even in that semi-darkness she could see that be looked quite as ghastly and bloodless this morning as he had last night. She paused about half way down the room and spofee: 'You wished toeee me, Sir Victor Oatheron ?' Cold and calm the formal words *fell. 'Edith!' His answer was a cry—a cry from a soul full of love and anguish untold. It struck home, even to her heart, steeled against him and all feeling of pity. ' I am Borry to eee you so ill. I am glad your aocident is no worse.' Again she spoke, stiff, formal, commonplace words, that suunded horribly out uf place, even to herself. * Edith!' he repeated, and again no words nan tell the pathos, the despair of that cry, ' forgive me—have pity on me. You hate me, and I deserve your hate, but oh! if you knew, even you would have meicy and relent!' Ha touched her in spite of herself. Even a heart of stone might have softened at the Bound of that despairing, heart-rung voice—at sight of that death-like, tortured face. And Edith's, whatever she might say or think, was not a heart of stone. ' 1 do pity you,' she said very gently; ' I never thought to—but from my soul 1 do. But, forgive you! No, Sir Victor Oatheron; I am only mortal. I have been wronged and humiliated as no girl was ever wronged and humiliated before. I can't do that.' He covered his face with his handsshe could hear the dry, sobbing sound of his wordless misery. ' It would have been better if I had not come here,' she said still gently. ' You are ill, and this excitement will make you worse. But they insisted upon it—they said you had a request to make. I think you had better not make it—I can grant nothing—nothing.' ' You will grant this,' he answered, lifting his faoe, and losing the words Inez had used; ' it is only that when I am dying, and send for you on my death-bed, you will come to me. Before I die I must tell you all—the terrible secret I dare not tell you in life; and then, oh surely, surely you will pity and forgive! Edith, my love, my aarlioK, leave me this one hope, give me this one promise before you go?' ' I promise to come,' was' her answer; ' I promise to listen—I can promise no more. A week ago I thought I would have died sooner than pledge myself to that much—sooner than look in your face, or speak to you one word. And now, Sir Victor Catheron, farewell.' She turned to go without waiting for his reply. As she opened the door, she heard a wailing cry that struck chill with pity and terror to her inmost heart. ' Oh, my love! my bride! my wife!' —then the door closed behind her—she heard and saw no more. So they had met and parted, and only death could bring them together again. She passed out into the sunshine and splendor of the summer morning, dazed and cold, her whole soul full of untold compassion for the man she had left. CHAPTER V. THE TELLING OF TBE SECRET. Edith went back to the work-room in Oxford-street, to the old treadmill life of ceaseless sewing, and once more a lull came into her disturbed existence —the lull preceding the last-ending of this strange mystery that had wrecked two lives. It seemed to her as 6he sat down among madame's troop of noiBy, chattering girls, as though last night and its events were a long way off, and a figment of some strange dream. That she had stood face to face with Sir Victor Catheron, spent a night under the same roof, actually spoken to him, actually felt sony for him, was too unreal to be true. They had said rightly when they eaid death was pictured on his face. Whatever this secret of his might be, it was a secret tbat had oust him his life. A hundred times a day that pallid, tortured faoe, rose before her, that last agonised cry of a strong heart in strong agony rang in her ears. All her hatred, all her revengeful thoughts of him were gone—she understoud no better thau before, but she pitied him from the depths of her heart. They disturbed her no more, neither by letters nor visits. Only as the weeks went by ahe noticed this—that as surely as evening came, a shadowy figure hovering aloof, followed her home. She knew who it was—at first she felt inclined to resent it, but as he never came near, never spoke, only followed her from that safe distance, she grew reoonciled and accustomed to it at last. She understood his motive—to shield her—to protect her from danger and insult, thinking himself unobserved. Once or twice she caught a fleeting glimpse of his face on these occasions. What a corpse-like face it was—how utterly weak and worn-out he seemed —more fitted for a sick-bed than the role of a protector. 'Poor fellow,' Edith thought often, her heart growing very gentle with, pity and wonder, ' how he loves me, how faithful he is after all. Oh, I wonder—I wonder what this secret is that took him from me a year ago. Will this mountain turn into a mole-hill when I hear it, if I ever do, or will it justify him ? JIs he sane or mad ? And yet Lady Helena, who is in right mind, surely, holds bim justified in what he has done.' July—August passed—the middle of September came. All this time, whatever the weather, she never once missed her " shadow " from his post. As we grow accustomed to all things, she grew aocustomed to this watchful care, grew to look for him when the day's work was done. But in the middle of September Bhe missed him. Evening after evening came, and she returned home unfollowed and alone. Something had happened. Yes. Something had happened. He had never really held up his head after that second parting with Edith. For days he had lain prostrate, so near to death that they thought death surely must come. But by the end of a week he was better—as much better, at least, ab he ever would be in this world. • Victor,' his aunt would cry out, 'I wish—I wish you would consult a physician about this affection of the heart. I am frightened for you—it is not like anything else. There is this famous German—do gu to see him, to please me.' 'To please you, my dear aunt—my good, patient nurse—I would do much,' her nephew was wont to answer, with a emile. 'Believe mo, your fears are groundless, however. Death takes the hopeful and happy, and passes by such wretches as I am. It all comes of weakness of body and depression of mind; there's nothing serious the mat ter. If I get worse, you may depend upon it, I'll go and consult Herr Von Werter.' (To be continued. J 