Syiey antf syffneyites. As Seen Through Victorian Spectacles. WE are rejoicing hero in what Tennyson calls " The Useful Trouble of the Rain." We might even say with a greater bard, " The Kain it Raineth Every Day." That is. since last Tuesday's heavy down pour we have had genial showers nearly every four and-twenty hours, and best of all, the country regions have shared the blessing. This, with intervals of .teamy heat, dust, and brief spaces of cloudless sun shine, makes up our weather record. Last night (Monday, December 2,) I sat, with the waves gently tapping at my feet, on the shore of Neutral Bay, within stonethrow of a brilliantly lit-up mail boat, a glorious moon sailing triumphantly overhead through the sky apaceB, drinking in the marvellous beauty of the scene. Pleasant company, good discursive bookish talk, not unmixed with scraps of gossip, made up a pleasant time. All too soon rang the bell for the ferry-boat; back across the gleam ing harbour to Circular Quay, and so home to bed. Such are my hours of relaxation in Sydney. Day brings. more serious duties and leads me sometimes into novel scenes. One such afforded me MM altogether new experience. IN A SYDNEY WOOLSTORE. Thanks to the kindness of a friend, partner in an enterprising woolbroking firm, I found myself careering gaily through the winding crowded streets on my way to Pyrmont. That is the suburb which has grown up round the upper reaohes of Darling Harbour. The low-lying, aforetime swamp land has been reclaimed, and transformed into the beautiful Wentworth Gardens, a pleasant pleasaunce for the working-class population dwelling around. The heights overlooking this and also Sydney have yielded the rich brown stone ot which the finest of the public buildings are built, a kind of Sydney Montmartre, now turned to commercial uses. Of these ancient quarry-holes, one of the largest has, by the happy enterprise of my friend's firm, been transformed into one of the most unique woolstorea, perhaps, to be found in the world. My route thither was upward and onward, through long lines of streets densely peopled by a comfortable-looking working-class population. Here let me interject. The dwelling-houses provided for the industrial classes are far superior to those triumphs of the jerry-builder's imagination which adorn so many of our Melbourne suburbs.' At last I found myself on the crest ef the height, face to face with a long line of galvanised iron fencing. A neat gate afforded ingress to a series of stairways leading down into the depths of the sometime quarry. Stretching to right and left, a vast area of roofing, so arranged, lighted, and ventilated that the maximum of light and air is secured for the workers within with a minimum of direct sunlight. A lofty look-out tower commands the whole country round, including the city, while a lofty pole bears on gala-days the bunting of the firm. Down we go ; lower still and lower; facilis descensus avemi; till the immense floor-space of the main floor is Mached. A pause on the stairway, at a point of rantage commanding the whole range of the interior, enables me to realise fully how important an industry this wool- growing is. I no longer wonder that the Bulletin's "fat man," who sees his muttons spreading over thousands of spreading acres, should fancy himself a little king in Australia. On every side stretch lines upon lines-and long lines too of wool bales.; street-like corners cross and recross; keen, eager- eyed men, catalogues in hand, roam hither and thither, busily engaged in microscopic sorting of the various clips. Then follow mysterious pencil markings on the catalogues; these busy bees are the representatives of the great wool-buyers of the world. They hail from France, Belgium, Ger ^7. Old England and the New "World. AH come to invest hundreds of thousands of the golden i sovereigns of an effete and worn out civilisation in j ?Ur hea*y fleeces. Truly it is " Wool" that is King ®re" Down we go ; I perambulate some five acres floor space, grow most interested in sampling the P®ned bales, become most learnedly familiar with the technicalities, such terms as "combings," clothings," "shorts," "washed," "greasy ®ecea, fall from my lips with a glib readiness astonishes my guide, philosopher and friend; he suggests that I have mistaken my vocation and should go in for Wool. I should like certainly to have a brief go in at the money's worth which these streets and alleys of wool bales represent. I fancy I could man age to spend it royally. Facts are shot at me with a rapidity that knocks me stupid; some 10,000 bales, all for the morrow's sale. Each bale averages in value at present price some .£10. Jehosha phat! Potentialities of wealth beyond the dreams of avarice. Why, oh why, did the sisters three | make me a parson, and not a wool-grower ? " Look j here," shouts my mentor, "look at this clip! Did you ever see anything finer than th s f" To please him I reply forthwith, " I never did." And it was true! " That I expect will top the market to morrow and make a record in this year's sales ; I j shall not be pleased if it doeB not fetch ll^d. a lb." And it did next day! Again, I groan inwardly, " Oh, why was I not a wool-grower." £100,000 in solid cash represented these, and this only one out of many such displays, to be followed by equally suc cessful sales. Down still we go, and are now on the level of he bottom of the old quarry. I watch the process of taking in wool. In roll the heavily laden drays; down the shoots:the bales slid* by force of gravitation till they reach the floor on which they are to be arranged. ,.Other drays drive in on the lowest level, and their loads.are by a most ingeni ous arrangement,' a kind of endless web of woven iron chains, driven bj a tiny gas engine, caught up and carried to their destined place. Thoroughly exhausted by my exhaustive study of wool, we adjourned to the office of the firm. My high estimate of the potentialities of wool was more than confirmed, and my grudge against destiny some what instigated by the surpassing excellence of some royal Glenlivat which I forthwith sampled. So back to Sydney. The firm to whose courtesy I owe this somewhat novel experience is a compara tively young one, I inspected the three partners; they may be thus classified, young, younger, young est ; the oldest of the three has had some twenty years experience in the wool trade, and he is only a young man yet. " Comparatively a boy!" as the courage geneaated by his excellent whiskey emboldened me to tell him. Let me gratefully acknowledge my many and daily increasing obliga tions to my friend, Mr. C. L. Wallia, of the firm of Winchoombe, Carson and Company; of him I can truly say in scriptural phrase, " I was a stranger and he took me in." As the necessary sequel to my foregoing experi ences, and that I might shine for once in the character of a wool magnate, my friend proposed that I should accompany him to an afternoon sederunt at the wool exchange. "You will be able to see if your brokers deal fairly with you, and you will know what price your clip brings." I have, heretofore, had to pay for my clip being shorn; the experience promised to be a novel one. We are in Macquarie-place, a handsome vestibule leads into the sanctuary where the worship of wool culminates. Sanctuary indeed! The Assembly Hall, in Collins-stret, is the nearest Melbourne counterpart to it; only this temple is better lighted than that dingy abode of double-distilled orthodoxy, and has also an easily reached gallery for the accommodation of outer barbarians. Conspicuous placards warn me: "Visitors are Reminded that Silence is Absolutely Necessary.-" In my new character as a Wool-Midas, I set this and all other similar details at defiance, and comport myself as though the place were my own. The service has commenced; the pew-like seatB arranged on an in cline are filled with worshippers. I half fancy it an afternoon religious service for business men and look to the rostrum half expeoting to see Dr. Bevan, or Henry Varley, "For Men Only' put in an appearance. Jerusalem! These Worshippers at the shrine of wool require no fewer than three officiating priests f The instruments of offence are pencils and catalogues; I observe that every worshipper is similarly armed. The central functionary evidently the presiding Hierarch, gives a sharp tap on the' reading desk and the service commences. "No.37C, in diamond, 47 bales, what offers ?" "6d., 6 one, 6 two, 6 three, 7 one, 7 two, 7 three" A sharp tap, "Jules Renard," and the forty seven bales are knocked down. Long years ago I saw M. Jules Renard presiding at another semi-religious service, a tea fight in a Hawthorn Congregational Church, so I am glad to find that, even by deputy, he still perseveres in the good way. "Jordan is a hard road to travel." Zola's description of call-time in the Bourse at Paris is not much more like Pande monium than is the scene here when the bidding waxes keen, and seme 80 competitors for a superior clip, one of mine, spring to their feet at once, yelling at the top of their voices, and each shaking frantic ally a protruding forefinger at the officiating priest. Calm, unruffled amidst the storm, he cooly surveys the keen faces, picks his man, taps on the desk, HIGH TIDE AT THE WOOL EXCHANGE, names the buyer, and-the storm subsides. The shouting, glaring, yelling crowd Belgians, Yanka, Franks, and their dear cousin Sauer _ Kraut,^ fall baok into their chairs, exhausted by their exertions, and regain coolness only to turn and smile most cherubically and blandly upon each other. Clearly there is very little of the odium Theologicnm amongst the worshipper a in this sanctuary, -whatever there may be in the Church Congresses and Presbyterian Assemblies. ThiB goes on hour after hour, until the long printed lists are exhausted; I am, much sooner than they. We adjourn and seek restoration and calm for our faded spirits in a penny trip on the harbour. COKVKBSAZIONB TO MEET CATHOLIC HIERARCHY OF AUSTRALIA. I seem to hare Mophisfco's own luck for falling in with opportunities of assisting at religious functions. An influential committee of Catholic laymen headed by Sir Patrick Jennings, on hospitable thoughts intent, courteously sent me an invitation to this function in the Town Hall. As temporary head of a denomination, " I swelled wisibly" on receiving it. In due course I put in an appearance and had the gratification of hearing "The Reverend John" bawled out most lustily by the master of the cere monies ; duly welcomed by the inriting committee, I had time to look around me. Another illusion gone! I fondly dreamed that trophy of Fitzgib bonian genius, that supreme piece of poetry in Port land cement, our own Town Hall, the one and only palatial structure of the kind in Austral lands!! Alaa, alas, like the vanished dreams of youth, that fancy too has left me and Sydney Town Hall has reduced me to the miserable condition of another Marius contemplating the ruins of the past. Nothing was lacking to make the scene a'gay and festive one. Clinging palms girt massive columns, flowers of every hue shone amid the greenery, masses of dazzlingly white lilies gleamed down upon us from the iron work of the balconies. A handsome dais adorned with the colours of Mother Church in parsimonious juxtaposition to thoso of the regnant house of Hampden shone forth, a blaze of royalty in an ocean of greenery. Fair women and brave men trooped in, shoals of them; ecclesiastical artillery of all sorts and sizes, in all colours from modest black, up through neutral browns, striking purples, to the flaunting scarlet of His Eminence, Cardinal Moran; long priests and short priests, fat priests and thin priests, smooth- faced, yeuthful priests and ashen-grey, ascetic-looking priests, still they came. One was tempted to cry out with Macbeth, "What! Will the line stretch on to the crack of doom P" Not less remarkable was the gallant array of civilians, Consular functionaries, Naval and Military dignitaries, Ministers of the Crown in Windsor uniforms; round and round they!;pranced, showing themselves off, a high-class parade indeed, gratify ing the eyes and it may be gladdening the hearts of their adoring womankind. * * * Fortunately for my sanity I fell in with some lady friends who are i* the know, and so was able to turn to best advantage this priceless opportunity of making acquaintance by sight with notables of whom I had only read. By-and-by came the Governor and his daughters, private secretary and attendant squires. The interest was now at fever-point. Fine, well-set up, stalwart sons' of Anak are most of these leading New South Welshmen. Sir Joseph Abbot has the clear com plexion, the bright eye and self-poBsessed look of a typical English squire. Not less royal in his inches is Sir George Dibbs. The thought struck me, how little justice the Bulletin caricaturists do to the real manliness of these men. They give us the exagger ation to grotesqueness of any peculiarity of chin or nose, or contour of head, but of the actual expres sion of the countenance they furnish not the ghost of an idea. This is most marked in the case of Six George Dibbs, whose geniality of countenance is so marked and characteristic as almost'to tempt one to believe the limner's art has only been used to malign him. * * # Round and round we walk till every sense aches; gleam of silks and satins, flash of diamonds, glitter of stars and crosses and gold lace galore. Curious scraps of converse too, I overhear, as I pass along. I am brought up standing by the remark, " There goes Reid and his wife I" The fair lady by my side is handsome enough to gratify any man's vanity, ^but she is not the she! A cold shiver runs down my ;apinal column; " it's only the Premier and his wife" wsays my fair companion, and I breathe again. "Saved! Things did feel rather warm. Another scrap of converse, " So that's Premier Reid is ?it ? Well, he's not much to look at." Said another, " Oh I should have known him by his brother in Melbourne!" "Ah, you mean the chap that blabbed at Honolulu. Fine sell that was for the Home Government." I hope that royal merchant, Bans peur et sans reproche, my friend, Mr. Hugh Ronald Reid will forgive the temporary loss of the rights of brotherhood for the sake of escaping identification with the author of the foolish fiasoo at Honolulu. Then came supper: Claret, cup good, that I can vouch for; oyster patties, ditto, ditto, and so home to bed. A most enjoyable evening's entertainment, for which my heartiest thanks are hereby tendered to the distinguished Catholic laymen, who showed their superiority to sectarian prejudice in honouring mo with an invitation to their hierh solemnity. JOHN RIID; 