Juvenile Literature. THE assortment of books for young people sup plied by Messrs. Blackie and Son, the London pub lishers, ia varied and interesting. In the parcel forwarded to Table Talk we notice A Knight of the White Cross, a tale of the Siege of Rhodes, by G. A. Henty, with 12 page illustrations by Ralph Pea cock. Gervaise Tresham, the hero of this story, is determined to follow a military career, and from his father's friendship to the Grand Prior of the Knights of St. John, he is enabled to join that famous Order. Leaving England he proceeds to the island strong hold of Rhodes, and becomes a page in the household of the Grand Master. Subsequently, Gervaise is made a Knight of the White Cross for valour in » sea-fight with pirates, while soon afterwards he is appointed commander of a war-galley, and in his first voyage destroys a fleet of Moorish corBairs. During.one of his cruises the young knight is ; attacked on shore, captured after a desperate struggle, and sold into slavery in Tripoli. He I succeeds in escaping, however, and returns to Rhodes in time to take part; in the iplendid defence of that fortress when it wa* besieged by all the might of the lurks. Altogether a fine chivalrous tale, of varied interest, and fall of noble daring. The Tiger of Mysore is a story of the war with Tippoo Saib, by Gk A. Henty, with 12 page illustrations by W. H. Margetson, and a map. Dick Holland's father is supposed to be one of the English captives in the hands of that bloodthirsty tyrant, Tippoo Saib, who is known in history as "The Tiger of Mysore." So Dick, who is a spirited lad, resolves to proceed to India, gain tidings of his father, and help him to escape, if possible. Accordingly he sails for Madras, joins the army under Lord Cornwallis, and takes part in a campaign against Tippoo. After wards, he assumes a disg*iee; enters Seringapatam, the capital of Mysore j rescues Tippoo's harem from a tiger; and is appointed to high office by the tyrant. In this capacity Dick visits the hill fort resses, still in search of his father, and at last he discovers him in the great stronghold of Savan droog. The hazardous rescue which Dick attempts, and the perilous night ride through the enemy's country are at length accomplished, and the young fellow's dangerous mission is done. And the end comes all too soon-so clever, and plucky, and daring are the devices and adventures of Dick Holland. Through Russian Snows is a story of Napoleon's Retreat from Moscow, by G. A. Henty, with 8 page illustrations by W. H. Overend, and a map. The hero of this story, Julian Wyatt, is a careless, good natured youth, who becomes, quite innocently, mixed up with smugglers-when smuggling was common on the south coast of England. The smugglers carry him to France and hand him over as a prisoner to the French ; but he subsequently regains hi» free dom by joining Napoleon's army in the campaign against Russia. The young Englishman takes part in the great battles of Smolensk and Borodino, arriving at Moscow with the victorious Emperor. Then, when the terrible retreat begins, Julian finds himself in the rear-guard of the French army, fight ing desperately, league by league, against famine, snowstorms, wolves and Russians. . Ultimately he escapes out of the general disaster, after rescuing the daughter of a Russian Count; makes his way to St. Petersburg ; and then returns to England. A story this with an excellent plot, exciting adven tures, and splendid historical interests. F«r Life and Liberty is a story of Battle by Land and Sea, by Dr. Gordon Stables, R.N., with 8 page illustrations by Sydney Paget, and a map. When in 1861 war was declared in America between the North and South, the news greatly interested Osmond Lloyd, who was at school in England. Being of an adventurous spirit, and having relations in the States, the lad ran away from home with his chum, Kenneth Reid, and the two made their way to America in the Mosquito. Here Osmond joined the Southern Army, while Kenneth entered the navy, and their various adventures in that great confiiot are vigorously set forth in this narrative. Osmond was in the army of the Potomac, took part in all the campaigns, and won praise for his valour from the general, " Stonewall Jackson." Altogether the tale is full of interest for the boy who likes to have his heroes adventuring both by land and sea. "Hallowe'en Ahoy ! " or, Lost on the Croset Islands, by Hugh St. Leger, with six page illustrations by H. J. Draper, is the strange history of the derelict Hallowe'en, in which is set forth : How she was found on the high-seas beyond the equatorj how it befell that there was only a ghost on board; how the ghost was captured; how the vessel was cast ashore on a desert island on the Southern Ocean; how the crew, being Englishmen, took the disaster cheerily; and how at length, after many hardships and hair breadth escapes, they floated their stout craft, bringing her back safe again to Old England. And in this wonderful tale there is such wealth of fine enchantment that it will hold old folks from, their beds, and even warp the hungry school-boy from remembrance of his dinner. His First Kangaroo is an Australian story for boys, by Arthur Ferres, with. 6 illustrations by Percy F. S. Spence. This is a story of adventure on an Australian cattle-station. Dick Morrison, who lives near Sydney, accepts an invitation to spend a holiday in the bush, and has a good time. He takes part in rounding up wild cattle, taming buck-jumping horses, and hunting the emu and the kangaroo. A band of bush-rangers also make things lively, for on one occasion the station is "stuck up," while a young Scotsman is kidnapped and rescued with difficulty. This story is full of healthy out-of-doors adventure, in fresh and attractive surroundings. A. Musical Qenius, by Beatrice Harraden, the author of The Two Dorothys, is illustrated by John H. Bacon. Hugo Ricardo has a genius for the violin, and is adopted by a wealthy musical amateur who has discovered his special gift. The lad studies hard, Mid fulfils the highest expectations of his new friend. But he never quite forgets his humble, unselfish brother, the conjuror; and when he is called upon to make choice between affection for his brother and awealthy home, he quickly chooses the former. The charm of this tale is in its naturalness, and in the ®ngaging self-sacrifice of the two noble brothers. Under the Black Eagle, by Andrew Hilliard, is illus rated by W. Boucher. Ernest Wentworth is an nglish lad, i-esidenfc in Russia, and his great chum « * student called Gregorieff. As this student has ecret dealings with Nihilists, the two friends become .Bgpected of r>lr>f.q and the final result is that both. are, apprehended and, exiled to Siberia. On the journey. they contrive to leap from the convict steamei, swim ashore in the darkness, escape from their pursuers, and make their way across "the Roof of the World'.' into Northern India. 'Tis in truth a stirring story of marvellous happenings. For the Sake of a Friend, by Margaret Parker, is illustrated by G. Demain Hammond. Stories of school life are common enough, but this tale of a girls' school in Melbourne is quite new. The vivacity of these Aus tralian girls is not leas attractive than the home like' brightness and freedom 'of th* school. The heroine, Sueie Snow, and her friend, Trixie Beresford, are the sweetest and cleverest pf girls, and although theie are jealousies, mistakes and misunderstandings among the pupils at Stormont House, yet all comes right in the end. The Secret of the Australian Desert, by Ernest Favenc, has four illustrations by Percy F. S. Spence. Three white men and a blackfellow called Billy Buttons, start on an .expedition into the great Australian desert. Strbnge, uncanny and terrible are their experiences in.that vast wilderness. They only arrive back at their, cattle station after long and grievous wandering in the waterless desert. The vivid actuality of this enthralling narrative is due to the fact that the author has taken the material from | his own thrilling experiences in Australian travel. In the Days of Drake, or The Adventures of Humphrey Salkeld, by J. S. Fletcher, is illustrated by W. S. Stacey. Thea* were the days of Btrong adventure, and Humphrey Salkeld, the hero of this tale, had a goodly share. He was kidnapped from Scarborough, and carried across to the Gulf of Mexico. Here he escaped from the ship, but was again captured by a member of the Inquisition, and taken to the city of Mexico, where he was condemned to the galleys. Finally he was rescued by that Prince of Adven turers-Francis Drake. The Qirleen is by Edith Johnstone, illustrated by Paul Hardy. The Girleen lived in the old bad time when Englishmen owned Blaves, and our heroine's father was a slave-owner. But even so he was a good man, and allowed the Girleen to make friend* with the negroes. And her love for her black friends was very great, and in the end she was called upon to die for them. 