INTERCOLONIAL , LETTERS. QUEENSLAND. (jfBOM ODB OWN COItMSPON»*tlT.) Brisbane, Sunday, Dooombor 8. Tim Tilrf. I oipoot to be in a position on Tuesday evening next to wiro tbo ltBrKiiKE that tho Queensland Cup reunion has been a Tory eaa-' cessful one, foe tho roiuons that tho aonrso is now In loioly order, that there nre satisfac tory entries, and that the drawers of tho hones in the biir Rwoons havo contn dnwti handsomely to tho ownors with tbotr bits to nothing. It is doubtful if Euglo Farm orcr looked bttter than it dues at prosont, if ns troll. A lot of iplondid work ban bouu put iu by the carotukor and liin nwn sinco the last meeting was hold, nnd tho assistnnco derived from tbo fall of frequent heury ruin showers baa had a wondurful effoot upon tho aspect of the surroundings. Tho raoo-traok und tho enclosures are now coverod with Kran9, and the courao looks ouco again us level us iv bowl inf-Kroon, tho wbolu of the outor auiul track burins bouu ploughed up, burrowed, and niado to appear a continuation of tho raco truck. ?After tbo Summsr mooting liuvo boon dis posed of, it is understood tbat tliia portion of tho oourso will nKuin bo uvuilublo for training work, mid us tburo bus been a good deul of ?and mixed with tho noil nil round, it is not jirobublo that it will get into tho adnraaut con ditiou uguin for n long linio to oumu. As wo aro now almost ussured of nil abundance of water for tin, next few months, tho rainy ?cuson burnt; nlo.-io upon us, the troubles which wo bavo recently guno through uro not likoly to recur until thu dry weather sets in nRnin in tho Autumn, but our racing authorities should not in tho iimantinio luso sight of tho fact that tho necessity still exists for something being done in tho way of making provision for a permanent water supply. The laying on of tbo pities from the Kuoggom or Uold Croek innin would not rerjiiiru the expenditure of a Tory largo sum, ami it would, I urn sure, pay tho Q.'l'.O. committeo well to havo this Tory desirible bit of work carried out ut once. So tbo consultation problem bun at last been definitely settled, and Tnttersnll's Adams is nudor ordurs to shut up shop or' remove his barrels and marbles to another part of the globe. As I anticipated, the attempt which was mada to repeal tho Anti-rumbling Act by getting » B-11 through to legalise tho running of consultations under certain restrictions has resulted iu fuiliiro, but vory few evon of tho ?tniUROMt opponents of Hamilton's Bill bar pained for tbo dorelopmonts which aroso just prior to the consideration of its socond read ing in tho Legislative Assembly. Had the Bill boon left to stand or fall upon its own merits it would probably bavo found many more supporters than tho uuio who urraved themselves against tho US who stood to the support of the Government, but under any circumstances its detent was a certainty. Those most immediately coucorned bungled ?omewhero, for just at tui- eleventh hour both the Worker (which is tho organ of tho Labor party) and tho daily morning papor took sides against them, ami tho charges levelled against them of having brought unduo influonco to bear upon members of Parliament led the Houso for tho protection of its own honor to vote against tho Bill in an overwhelming majority. What raoro thoro is to como remains to bo Been, but charges of this kind aro so difficult to shoot home to auvono in particular that I donbt anything tangible will he made out of tho case by tha select committee appointed to in quire into it. Iu his latest prosponttuos. Air. Adams notifies his clients of his intention to carry on hi* business from January 1 next at llobatt, Tasmania, and, if wo bavo any-' thing to Ioho by tho closing of the. consulta tions in Quoeualuiid, tho tight little island Yrill bo the gainer. . . .-.?. ,..,'. Although thorn is nothing to show that any injustice has been done to tbo country race clubs by the Q.T.C. appropriating KoxiiiR Day for a meeting at Eaglo 1'arm this year, tho committee of the Toowoomba Club appear to b« still vory sore over tho matter on- a point of principle. Some years utro, at the invi tation of tho premier ,club, & . meeting, of dulgatos from tbo varions Queens land Clubs was bold iu Brisbane, and at tho conference thu metropolitan committee gavo tho (insurance that Boxing' Day should always he left open for tliucountry clubs to raco upon, and it is in consequence of a breach of this promisothat the Toowoombnitos are bo incensed. From what' I can' make of. tho matter, however, I do not think the Q.T.C. intend to monopoliso tbo Christmas holiday every year. It was only becaueo of tho inability of the Ipswich and . Brisbane Itaciojr Clubs to hold meetings on Boxing Day this year that they decided to race, and if thin is so the Toowoomba committee havo not a very great deal to growl about, as tbo fnct of thoro being racing at Baglb Farm on tho day duos not appear to havo 'injured their prospects of a very smceGsful reunion. Indeed, they havo secured .bettor nomi nations for thoir fivo haridionp '; ovonts than they would havo expected bad tho old rule been udhorod to, and tho chances uro that many of tho Brisbane horses Will make the trip to the Downs in preference to racing at home, as a holiday across the rnngo at this timo of tho year is always oujoyablo. .,'-....? Mr. Albert Ca'rr, who won no- many races ?with that grand old galloway mare, Laura, bad a groat turn of hick at tho Albion Park meeting last woek, ns he won both tlio High weight Handicap and tho Higli-woiBlifWoHer -with Rubicon, nnd also secured tho Welter Handicap with Whcatloy, anico-looking black horse by Wbeutmout from tho Yatteudon inr.ro. Primula. Whoatlny was ridden by our old friend of tho pigskin, B. Colley. who showed that ho has not yet forgotten how to Btcer a mount to victory. Tho Ormond gelding Humbort pit homo in tho Open Handicap; Wild Olive, who only recently retnrned from Sydney, scnral in the Flying Handicap ; and old Stmlbook had a vory easy win iu tbo Club Handicap, running tho eight furlongs iu lmin 4SUcc. Last week Mr. W. Jloonoy Bold the Cadogan — Avalancbn guiding, Tornado, to Mr. T. B. Bearup, of Charters Towers, for .£150. Tor nado is engaged at thu Summer mooting of tho Q.T.C. and h« will, it is said, see his engago InonU through boforis leaving for tho North. The ligbt-woigiit jnckoy, Harry White, who foil in tbo two-year-old ra'cn on tho third day of tho Q.T.C. Spring Mooting, is still an inmato of tho lirishuno Hospital. Last wook it was reported that ho was in a very dangarous condition, bnt, thongh ho bad a narrow tqim.1t, tho lad is now, 1 am glad to ? »ay, on a fair way towards recovery. Tho Trenton-Ringdove horso. Burton, is ro ported to havo been purchased by Messrs. KamMV Bros, and Hodgson, 'f Ooonduroo, iioar Winton, whore ho will bo put to stud doty. On Tuesday lust tho littlo Tronton— Fair Duohess irolding, Trent, returned from the paddook after a long spoil, and has rejoined Arthur Noud's string at ifendra. B*bol is almost suro not to fnlHI his Carring ton Stakes sngagemeut, us ho has been doing tery had work on the tracks of late. I notico tbat the handicappi-r bus given him inoro weight for the Carrington than ho carried in tho Kp*om a fow month* ago, and ho, at nil events, does not nppoar to underruto the form of the Qiieunslnnders. Tho black homo Wlmatley, whom I men tioned ns having won n raco at Albion Park, lias, I hoar, boon leaned by J. M'G'nbn, the owner of Clytlio. Tho groy horse lms boon bleeding at th.- nostrils again latoly, nnd ho may not raco again lor soir.e little timo. CynllllB. Tbo Rockhnmpton Gymiinsium and Cycling Club aro making thn no.:e»wiry RrnmireinenU for their annual runo meeting on Boxing Day. Amongst tho events to bo decidod will bo tho Ifive Milos Clmmpion»hip of Quoonsland and tho Contral District Championship, '2 miles, and it is likely that a team will bo sont up from Brisbane EutricB oloso ou Woduosday 'bo matter of J. A. Smith, F. Smith, C. E. 8w«nssou, and It. Saudeman having pacod professionals in the late cycling carnival of the Loaguo of Queensland Whoolmon was brought np at tho monthly mooting of the Queensland CyolUts' Union Council last Wednesday ov.ning. Tho oxecntivo statod in thoir report that thoy wore not uuauimons -? to the punishment whioli ought to be in flicted, and tboy referred the mattor to tho Council, who by a majority of 5 votes to 4 decidod to disqualify tbo riders named for a ptriod of six months. The Stjndat Times Christmas Numbor will contain 8f teen abort Btorics (illustrated) and a eollection of' ghost ' experiences contributed hf ' B.T.' »*'-Uri. 