OUR ADELAIDE LETTER. (.FBOM OUB OWN GO&BESPOXDEKT.;)^ Monday. A strongly founded rumor, which appears to have a good percentage of truth in it, is current that our new Governor, Sir Thomas Fowell Buxton, will cschew the theatre and the racecourse. It is well known that his tendencies arc not in those directions, but what a countrv ccntlcman in England would do, aod what the leader of the people in an Australian colony would do are possi bly two very different things. It will be a novelty if Sir Thomas really means it, as Australian Governors are, and have been, very partial to horse races. If the vice regal patronage is withheld from these two amusements it will be a blow to the racing people especially. Lord Rintore bad a de cided weakness for tbe ' king of sports ' (so called), and his portly figure was seen |at every meet. The theatre also received a cer tain amount of attention from him, although his theatrical palate was tickled more by the actors and actresses than by the production. If the racecourse and theatre arc tabooed by Sir Thomas Buxton what excuse will be be able to make for a trip to Melbourne at Cup The task of ousting tbe three Railway Commissioners and appointing one has been a difficult one with the Kingston Govern ment, Time after time the appointment was delayed, but at last something had to be done, so the Ministry made a big effort, and finally decided on Mr A. G. Pendleton, for merly general traffic manager. The decision took everybody by surprise, because his name was barely mentioned. It was gene rally thought that the selection was between Mr J. H. Smith, the present chairman, and Mr J. Hill, a commissioner. The name of Mr Pendleton was incidentally mentioned by a certain section, bnt littie notice was taken of it. The Ministry have brought a 6torm over their heads, and when PaTlia* ment meets it is likely to burst. The mer- chants plumped for Mr Smith, and when they found he was not appointed they raised a howl of indignation, and are seriously thinking of calling a public meet ing. Even the Ministerial organ does not view the apj»ointment with satisfaction. It is understood tbat tbe Labor party objected to Mr Smith's re-appointment. If this is correct it is clearly a step to gain the sup l-ort of that party during the coming session. From an economical point of view the ap pointment is very satisfactory. The work of enrolling the female voters is being energetically taken up. Wherever the letter carriers went they left a form to be collected by them later on, and where there were no postal deliveries the police were instructed to do the work. The majority of tbe papers arc now in the hands of the returning officers, who have plenty to do pulling large number* of claimants on the rolls. Although the Conservatives op posed the Adult Suffrage Bill when before the Uousj they are working zealously to swell the roUs, and it is believed tbat they will benefit more than the actual supporters of the measure. Two years ago Parliament voted £12,000 for butter bonuses. The exporting trade has gone ahead so rapidly that only a trifle under £600 remains unexpended. The Minister is of opinion that the factories will do just as well without the stimulus, so he has proposed, subject to Parliamentary con sent, to devote the money in hand to re frigerating butter for all factories free of cost until the amount »is expended. If legislators agree to this tbe Minister antici pates that the 6um will spread over the ensuing butter season, and the nominal bead of the department will have the satis faction of practically saving that amount, nB be can transfer it to the refrigeraliug account, and thus rcduce the cost of that department. A novel experiment was performed on Sunday last, when a local medico, who has made a study of hypnotism, operated on one of bis lady patients who was afflictcd with a tumor in the breast. Prior to the test the doctor had hypnotised his patient several times, and proved that while she was uuder t be intiuence sbe was insensible to pain. At tbe appointed time the sufferer, though usually of a nervous temperament, entered the room and mounted the operating table without betraying any 6ign of fear. A com mand from the medico that she should go to sleep for three-quarters of an hour was readily obeyed, and throughout the opera tion the patient lay in a tranquil sleep with a smile on her face. After the knife had done its work and the cut was sewn up the lady was interviewed by tbe irrepressible one, an i Blatcd that she diil not feel tbe slightest pain while under the operation. The stitches were removed a few days after wards, thus completing a mosteuco. tssful ex jierimcnl. From tbe above facts there can bo no doubt that hypnotism is a valuable aid to tbe Eufi--rcr, but, as the Countes9 Wacht meistcr remarked in one of her lectures, ' It can be ma le a terrible weapon for evil ' The various ecbool boards of advice bave been grumbling inwardly for some time, in coneequcncc of the restricted powers con ferred upon them. if, during their visits to a Slate school, they found tbat a fence wanted a few battens on it, they could order tbe work to be done, but if the job required an outlay of more than £5 it had to be referred to the Minister of Education. As tbe gentlemen, constituting the boards are acting gratuitously, and are presumed to be level-headed, inasmuch as they are elected by tho. people, they feel that their peregrina tions and meetings arc nothing but a farce. To bring matters to a head the North Adelaide board took the initiative, and with . the exception of one member— who, by the war, W03 a female, and . recently elected under an extension of the system— -sent in . their resignations. At tbe mneting of the Adelaide board a feeling existed, and wholesale resignations were only averted by tbe chairman exhorting members to be patient. It is only a question of time before tbe discontent becomes general, and the Government will either have to grant larger powers to the boards or do away with them altogether. -JThe present system is decidedly unsatisfactory* The public appreciation of it Is expressed by a feeling amounting almost] to contempt, as the elections are barely noticed, and. the votes reoorded are very trifling. Prior Vaugh&n; has shaken the duet Ot the Oity of Churches from off his shoes, and hastened to a Jand where there is less Chris tianity, or, perhaps I should say, where there are fewer Dissenters. He was v6ry quiet on the Gregorian business. On 'Sunday evening he lectured ' in the Town Hall on ' The Beonion of Christendom and ex patiated on the sublimity and infallibility' of the Roman Catholic Church, which he, of coarse, claimed to be the only Church., This had been heard so often that nobody ' troubled to question it. There was nothing new in the' disoours?, which was only a recapitulation of what has already appeared in the public Press. The mission, as a whole, cannot be regarded as a success. As a money- making conoern It must be voted a failure, as the amoant of coin taken away would not keep twelve Gregorian fathers very ' long, much less allow any money or temporal comforts to be distributed by them. ^ As the mission ot Bt. Gregory is presumed to be philanthropic, it is a matter .of regret that a better response was not made. It certainly would have been more satisfactory had not the Prior allowed his tongue to get the upper hand. The agitation against the bookmakers has assumed a - definite shape by the South Australian Jockey Club re fusing . to allow the 41 leather lungs' to ply their vocation on any part1 of the coarse. While the police were tbe only ones the bookies had to fear they were com paratively safe, but when the stewards placed their embargo on them it gave quite a different aspect to the affair. At the meeting held last week the bookies were to all appearances' dnmb on the qacstion of odds. ' With a magnanimity worthy of a better cause they possessed tbeir souls, also tongues, in silence, ' and intend waiting untilf public opinion sets in their favor. If they decide to .wait, their occu pation on the coarse will be gone. Racing iB a game 1 rarely indulge in, and the more I sec of it the'less I like it. The sport, pure and simple, is all right ; but the participants arc getting, so unscrupulous that the public haven't the ghost of a show, and the whole thing is little better than a gambling concern worked by strlngB. 1 have an acquaintance who is M in the know ' I with several owners ; bat especially one. ; When talking to him the other day, 1 j wanted to know why it was a ccrtain horse, | of excellent breeding, did not win a race. 1 He candidly told me that ' the owner was Tunning stiff to get the public, off the horse ; directly he can get long odds be will go for it, and 3 on back him.' This is all very Well for me ; but what about the public who arc not behind tbe Bcenes. I wouldn't for one moment hint that all owners would do such a thing, but some of them do it, and it is just about time the sporting pnblic put on its thinking cap. .A most peculiar decision was recently given at an up-countr3r policc court recently. 1 The ease for the plaintiff was that be gave tbe defendant £8 to put on certain hones in a race at Onkaparinga. As the money w is not invested, he claimed the dividends paid by the totalizator on those particular horses. The defendant stated that he wired tbe money to his agent in the city, but it arrived too late; bnt the excuse was not good enough, as the magistrates ordered him to pay- up the fall amoant demanded. 