i A IST0-C0NFIDENCE MOTION. ATTACK ON THE GOVERN MENT. INTENTIONS OF THE OPPO SITION. PROSPECTS OE THE VOTING. VIEWS OE MINISTERS AND MEMBERS. "T should ho much for open war," said the dark augel in Milton. But there was a significant reservation. Sir George Dibbs is much for open war without any reservation. "I'm blue mouldy for a beating," bo told Mr. Reid in the Assembly when, on his return from England be was confronted with the inevitable want of confidence. To tlio.se who have watched the Knight s political career in opposition, the wonder has been that ho could allow the two or throe months of the Reid Ministry's exis tence before the adjournment to clapso without a direct challenge or two. But lift did. There was a flash in the pan one melancholy evening, but it was too feeble almost to be visible. Years ago in the session before 1SH0. when Sir Henry Parker, was head of the Government, tlie then Mr. Dibbs used to stroll down to the House every fortnight with a motion of censure. Even his enthusiastic colleagues, who, on account of his personal popularity, wnuldn t leave him in the bog if they could help it. got weary of the continued and futile as saults on the impregnable position of I he Government. But his small hand dwindled in strength until ono memorable sitting saw him the leader of a forlorn hope of four scattered remnants. Like Hans, of poetic oe- lebrity.bis following had vanished. So did Sir George Dibbs. The Opposition was with out a leader, and until the soreness harl rubbed off and hope began again to beat in the political breast, on tho left of the Speaker, it continued to be without one. Rumors were like leaves in autumn all last week. Still there had been no meeting of the Opposition. Indeed, there couldn't be until the party had gathered together, and discuxesd its prospects. The opportu nity came on Tuesday. The feeling was general that, the Government's position ought to he tested. The Ministry had been in ofllce long enough. Its popularity was decreasing; it wan profuse in Its promises, and flabby in its performances; its attitude on tho tariff question had promised dis content; the increase of salary to Mr. Eddy had roused up the labor parly. In short, there was just a show that a broad general censure motion might pull through. The pronounced hostility of Sir Henry Parkos to Mr. Reid was regarded as a good card to work. And if Sir Ilenry could be "grab bed" it was thought likely that Mr. Wise wouldn't be averse to playing tho candid friend of the Government, and either voting agaiust it or refusing to vote at all. Tho Eddy salary, on which, by the way, tho Opposition is not quite united, was looked upon as valuable material for flahhooking the labor party. It was de cided to leave the terms of the motion to Sir George Dibbs, but be was requested to make, it as far-reaching as possible, so that everything with which the Govern ment's name might be connected could safe ly bo dragged in. And yesterday Sir George Dibbs sprang his motion on the Ihmse. Everyone, he- fore tho Assembly met, knew what was coming. The questions were hurried through, tho preliminary formalities were brushed away, and tho notice was given. It was in this form:— 1\. That the administration of the affairs of the country by tho present Government does not meet with the approval of this House. 2\. That the foregoing resolution bo communicated by address to his Excellency tho Governor. Anything affording wider scope for de structive and critical eloquence could not have been desired. No enthusiasm greeted tlio announcement. There wero a few cheers, of course. And thero wero some coujiter-checrs. For instance, the emphatic voice of Mr. Eegan was heard fiercely neutralising the effects of the attenuated outbursts on the ether side. Mr. Reid, exhibiting, or simulating, unconcern, moved the usual adjournment, and added a hope that the debate would be concluded this with next week. .This was anticipating the result of the vole. There can lie no busi ness if the motion be carried. A few Aliiiisterulists regarded this as a good point. Wheu several members had blown off a littio steam about a few odds and ends that were troubling them, tho Assembly went home for the night. Outside, the question was, what is the result to be? As a matter of fact, you never saw such trilling interest taken iii a possible political crisis. Usually, on these occasions, members rush about the lobbies, bang into each other's arms, tumble over misplaced chairs, and bold improvised caucuses in every corner of the building. Now, the event didn't create any excite ment whatever. Ono or two Ministers pro fessed to be delighted at the prospect of a fight. "It will consolidate our forces, you know," remarked a volatile member of the Cabinet, dragging a large box out of the chamber after him. "Win! 1 should think so. Sir George Dibbs has no show! Not the ghost of a chance!" "Are tho two knights acting in con cert?" "I don't know. But if Sir Henry Parker, comes along with another next week we'll be rea<i;wor him, too." The Opposition proposes to base its case on the general policy and the administra tive career of the Government. It will keep the tariff issue as much in the back ground as possible. The anti-land tax cry will be worked with assiduity, aiul perfer- vid oratory will be poured out in behalf of the despised and defenceless property- holder. What. iL la intended to do, how- over, is to play on the suso ptibilttios of tho parly that has been industriously peg ging at the Ministry for not having given earlier effect, to the "mandate of the coun try." Leading members of the Opposition are doubtful whether much practical good will 1)0 accomplished in this direction. They don't expect, to win over any votes from tho advance-guard on the fretrado side. But they will be satisfied if they can prevent two or three, or even one, of that section from voting with the Government. Tho sympathies of the labor party are to bo played upon by commiserating allu sions to tho unemployed, and its indig nation against tho Government will bo aroused by vicious denunciations of tho extra £1001) a year to the Chief Commis sioner for Railways. Probably, also, the Coal Mines Bill will form the subject of somo staggering rhetoric; if it doesn't, it won't be for want, of precedents. Country members aro determined that the fanners and cheap money shall he a weapon for laying tbo Government low. Indeed, tho Opposition thinks that this will lie one of iis strong points. So many of tho labor members are representatives of country dis tricts, that the Opposition believes that the disregard of tho .Ministry to the interests of agriculturists will stir up the dormant energies of the country labor party lo a wild burst, of enthusiasm for Sir George Dibbs. The federation question, coupled with tho Premier's visit to Ifobarl, is to be dragged in. Sir George Dibbs will deal largely with tho Treasurer's financial ad ministration, and will prophesy chaos if Mj. Reid continues much longer in power. The fact, however, is that the Opposition doesn't expect to win. U has determined upon an aggressive policy with a view of discrediting the Government, and of stir ring outside feeling against il. When this motion is disposed of, an early opportunity will bo tken of tabling another. The Minis try is to be given no peace, lis legislation will he obstructed whenever a chance pre sents itself. Some members make no secret of lids. A fair esiimate has been made of the probable suite of the division lists. But the average Oppositionist doesn't speak as a man who is positive of victory. "Have you counted noses?" one of thorn wa:: asked. "No," he answered, with a beautifully assumed attitude, of indifference. "Then you don't expect to win?" "Oh, I don't know. We're going to peg away and keep pegging away." "But isn't tho motion only a chance shot?" "Oh, you can put it in that way if you like. But I'm in hopes that it will hit." "What form is the debate to take?' "Every form wo can make it. If you can tell nio anything you can keep out under that motion, 1 shall be glad to hear what It is." "You'll finish tho debate this week?" "Will wo! Well, I don't think we will. We're going to pllo on. tho agony a bit. And wo want time for that. Do' you think we can do it in. a day? Not much!" About a score of members had made ar rangements to leave to-day for Melbourne to attend the test cricket match. But, alius for the vanity of human wishes, they can't do it. The engagements have been can- celled; tiio sleeping berths have been given u>. and instead of pleasure on the Mel bourne Cricket Ground, they'll settle down to solid work in the sMtliug atmosphere of tbo Legislative Assembly. There was some discussion in tho lobbies as to whethcM £ir George Dibbs anil Sir Henry I'arkes am acting in collusion. "If it is so," a member remarked, "Sir IFnry Parkcs has politically killed himself. Those who are generally regarded as faithful followers won't, dare to support Sir George Dibbs. It will be more tban their seats am worth." There was an impression that Sir Henry Parkcs was anxious to father a motion of want, of confidence hinrielf, and that the Opposition, becoming apprised of the fact, determined to get ahead of him. Il was noticeable that Sir Henry Parkos was not in the House yesterday. The Opposition really did its work at the meet ing on Tuesday, but, adjourned until yester day, when Sir George Dibbs announced tho form in which he had prepared his motion. The attitude of Sir Henry Parkcs to the proposal has boon, kept very quiet. Load ing Oppositionists decline to say anything about it. All the same, they appear hope ful of getting his support. 