TOPICS OF THE DAY. Dr Youl hold an inquest at tho Hospital this morning touching the death of Roborb Tait, storainan, who was fatally Injured when attempting to get on to a train when in motion iu Bsurko utreot on uio uui April last, une ot uucoaneti s thigha was fractured, anil ho was other- wiso knockod about. Tho evidonco went to show that after the mishap Tait told his daughter thoro was no ono to blamo but himself. He was perfectly eobor at the timo of tho accident. Thu immediate causo of doath was pnoumoma, which do velopod after tho patient's admission to the hospital. A verdict of accidental death was roiurm-d. . A good donl of amusumont was occa sioned in the City Court this morning during the henring of a case in whioh John L. Joiikin was charged with in sulting bohavior. Mr Daly ap peared for the dofenco. It ap peared from tho evidunco of Oonntnblo Barber that the ccfondnnt was riding a bioyclo without a light in Buurko strsot lust svoning. When the cunstablu told him ho ought to have a light, ho roiponded with tho remark, "You end tho light bo — and, connoioua of his ability to outpao6 the constable on his machine, lie matlo faoaa at tbo latter, put his fingers to his nose, .and showed his tongue. Tho . constable hud hi rovengo shortly after, bowovor, for ho caiue atroBB thu defendant in another part of tho town, pulled him off Iris machine and looked taitn up. Dofondant wantod to "lodgo his bieyole as bail, but the senior-constable in charge of tho watohliouao was " not on." Tho dofnnco was a denial of tho chargo, but tho Bench fined tho dofendimt 5a, in default twolvo hours' iinprisouinQut. The Mount Lyoll Mining and Bail way Company, Limited, by advertisement iu annthor column,' invito tundera for L150.0U0 six por cent, first mortgage debentures at n minimum of LI00, re- deomnblo ut L105, by the company on tho 30th Juno, 1005, or at any time after the 30th June, 1897, on six months' notice. Ton, por cent. of the annual nob profits of the company will bo paid to tho trustees (The Union Trustee Company ef Australia, Limited) as a sinkiug fund, for the purpose of redeeming tho debentures, aud tbo first two years' interest on the L150.000 will be placed in the hands of t ho trustees. Furthor aud full particu lars are givau'in tho advertisement. Ton- dors will be motived at tho ofilco of the company, and a!m> through luemhora of the Stock Exchunge of Melbourne, up to 3 p.m. on WodiH'fiday, 12th Juno. Tim death of a ton days' old child named Mary Dennis fnnnsd the subject of a coreninl inquiry at tbo Morguo this morning. Susau Dennis, mothor of tho deceased, gave ovidence to tbo effoot that xvhon she woke at abouc three o'olook on tho morning of tho 30th aho found tliu child dying. She immediately sent for a neighbor, but the baby was drad on her arrival. The modical ovidence showsu that the canse of death was accidonlal auffocatUn, nnd a vardiot was returned, accordingly. At tho sale of dolls in connection with thu Theatrical Carnival at the Princess's Theatre vworday afternoon. Mr Bayleo, tho auctioneer (not Mr Boazloy, os erron eously stated yestordsyV said ho had a word or two to say on the Bubjoot of nurs ing. He bad it on tbo authority of a well- knowncitymedlcalman thttyoungmothere who la their girlhood :daye bad net in dulged' in the frivolity of- dolls did not knew liow te nurse thoir iufants— did not know how to hold them properly. Thoy did not altogether lot them fall, or hold them upiido down, or bond them lo an' early grave by careUss hand ling, but ail tho same, tho baby's youthful days wore attended with a degree of discomfort that might bo avoided if tbo mother had served an "pp enticeahip in nuraing and drosiing duJj. The first general mooting of tho Bur glary Inauranco Company of Auctralaaio Limited woshuldattho registered oflico at 4 p.m. on 7'burMloy. 30th May, when the directors allotted too aliaroa. Tho follow ing gentlemen woro elected as directors fortlio ensuing year: — Mr 8. P. Wood, Chairman Ir nroast-rs' / teo dntion of Vic toria ; Mr J. A. Lov<y, gentleman, fit Domain road, South Yarra ; Mr A. II. Fisher, architcat, 325 Collins street, Mel bourne ; 6IrG. Ilosegood, morchant, 359 Fliudors lane, Molbourno ; Mr C. C. Strode, nxpnrt morchant, 31 Queen struct Melbourne. On Thursday ovouing Mr A. D. Mac- donald, ono of tho staff of tho Central Telegraph. Ofljoe, Melbourne, delivered a highly interesting lecture to his colleagues on his improvements of the "relay," ono of tho modern fosturoi of iolc- araphy. Thoso irnproveinonta, which have been prononted to the department by the invontor are estimated to effect n saving of L15U0 a year in bsttory mate rial alono. At tho cloau oi the lecture a i in , »«.. ui Hi i-jf vote oi iiiBiiKB was passcu io iur Macdonald. Mr John Gordon, of Carlton, has hoard by cable that his son, Dr John Gordon, ban pasted tlin final nxnmination for tho degreu of F.U.C.S., nnd has also bnsn most succosAful in taking tho L.R.C.P., M.lt.C.,8. and F.R.O.S., London. Dr Gordon is a graduate of the Molbourno University, and was for over a year, prior to his departure for London, on Dr Molloy's staff at Uio Molbourno Hospital. Mr Harry Rhys-Jiues, against whom nu order was mnde in tho County Court yesterday, as reported in Tin: Hkhalp, inf'irtn« us that he hns connnouced pro- coodingB with It view of having tha order set Ksido. Mr T. Losho Middloton, tha well- known Adolnida tenor, who toured tho colonies with Hignor Foli, was on Thurs day marrivd toMissIIattyPatay, daughtnr of Mr Boyle Robertson Patoy, of Mol bourno. Tho happy pair are both moin- born of the Gaiety Girl Company, and left by the special train for Adolaido last night. In rvfurring to the succsssof the recent (hoatrical carnival, when speaking at the Princess's Theatre yonUrtlay aftornoon, Mr J. O. Williamson uxprossod tlia cor dial tliankH of tho comraittoo to Mrs Kennedy, the wifo of Mr Thomas Kannedy, ono of tho honorary Kocrotarlts, for hor valuahlo assistancu in tho salo of a groat number of iJckots And in othor ways. Thu lady worked hard in tho good cause, and tho chairman's grace ful words of appreciation woro wall desorvud. Mr A. R. WoThingLon will doliver tho first of Ida cotirso of leoturos at tho Masonic Hall to-morrow (Sunday) after- uooii. Tlio Rubjocb chosen for tho occa sion will bo BusinuM ns u Religion. Tho lecturer cornea with a groat reputation (rem New Zealand, where ho has been atldiorsing largo audience for many woeks. In tlio evouiug Mr Worthington will lecture on Common Sense in Iteli- gion. "Political Corruption" will bo tho subject of Dr Torrance's special service to-morrow evening, in 8fc John's Church of England, L itrnbo street. Choral sor- vica begins at uevon o'clock, before which hour visicois and non-sratholdors will bo accommodated with seals. Adults only will be ndmittod to tho gnllory, whioh is opened for these special services. Tho commiltco of tho South Melbourne Cricket Club enturtsiiiud its niemhers at a couvonmiono in tho 'i'own Hall on I'l.urs- day evening. An attractive iiiuiucaI pro- grammo was contributed to bv Missoa Alice King, Florence Fitzgorufd, Bortha Ituasow, Messrs IJarkor, Maudooka, and sovurnl other wrlhkuown artists. Messrs W. II. Tuckokt and Andrew Burns, in submitting their report of iho Porpotual Exi'cutora and Truntoes Abso- tion of Ausiralin Limited for the half-year eudod 31st March, slate that they com pared all vouchers, aud had producod to them all eocuritics, inoluduig mortgages, dohunturcs, doedn, eto. Also that all mimeyi of tho association and clients were duly paid into their respective bank ac counts. Thu rupurt altogether is highly creditable to the manager, Mr D. W. Ramsay. "Surrey Hills Picnic" sends 3s as a donation to tho fuudt of tbo Melbourne Hospital. A winter fair to bu hold in tho Haw thorn Town Hall in aid of night shelter work is postponed till Saturday, Juno 8. Wo havo received 10s from "A. It.," Surrey Hills, as a donation to Mrs Phil lips, wIioho husband was kilted under very moluncholy circumstances at tho oworage works, Port Molbourno. It isgravoly aoDouDced (says a writer in "Truth"), that tho Sisterhood of Advanoed Women are compiling for publication a "Woman's Bible," in which new readings of those parts which ooovey any im plication of inferiority at appliod to what used to bo termed the "softer eox," are to be given, j am com pelled to admit that tbo idea, if stupendous, Is ably oonceived, slnoo, undoubtedly, the first stop towards overthrowing tho absurd notion of man's superiority, whioh haa been prevalent for so many thousands of years, la to show that the wholo thing was a mutako from the very beginning; In foot, that tho wily creature Man began his tricks so ftr back as when Adam dug and Evespau," But wheu the Advanced Sisterhood havo eomptotcd their glgaotfo task of altering the Bible to suit thole peculiar views, I am still —I suppose I must say prejudiced enough to bo unoblo to boo how thoir labors will afloat tho qnsitlon, oven sapporiog thoy ski!, fully succeed ia getting round some of the awkward difficulties that unquestionably He beforo thorn. uoniiacraDie annoyance has been caused at Mctz by the conduct of aoversl officers of the garrison, who, ono night loot month amused themsqlves for mora than hoar by brook ing windowa and gas lamps, smashing shutters and tearing down signs. All this was dono under tho ©yes of tho polloo, who did not venture to interfere. A complaint ia to bo lodged with the offioer commanding the garrison. A similar scan dal ocoarrod a fow months ago, when the officers, clad in winding shoots, rode through the town at sight on horseback, ottering un earthly orle. Wo aro requested to draw attention to the Molbourno Junior Jowlsh Literary Society's advertisement in another column, notstying that tholr ordinary meeting haa been post poned till Thursday, tith June, at the Domo- oratlo Hall. A paper ootltled " Ghosts, and Ghost Stories," will bo read by Mr I. Koz- minsky, of tbo Austral Club. From the publishers, M'Carron, Bird, and Co., wo ate iu receipt of the Juoo numbor of tho " Australasian ABO Guide," inoorporat- log " Bradahaw'a Railway Guide to New Souoh Wales." A travellers' snide to Aus tralasia. Messrs Tboa. Wabb-and Sons Limited an nounot in onr advertising oolnmna that their annual cash sal will commence on Monday next, wben.lhoy will offer burgaioi in ohlna, glassware, eto. Messrs Baylae and Co. Limited will sell at their rooms, Collins street, on Monday, at 11 o'olook, tho unredeemed pledges of Mr .Walter Myers, ot South Melbourne and South Rlobmond, particular of whioh will be foUiid In our advertising eolumns. 