CHAPTER LXIX. ant HABEY HOWABTH GOES TO TEE HAUNTED XONNESr TO SEEK HIS WIFE. Whilst the noble-hearted and chivalrousminded Highland ohieftain was cheerfully sacrificing himself in order to promote the fancied happiness of the woman who, all unsuspected by him, had grown to regard him with a far intenser affection than she had ever felt for Lancelot Leigh, whose look of hair she had of late only retained because she had thought it would savour of the blaokest ingratitude to throw it away whilst he was rendering to both her husband and herself suoh (treat, unselfish, and essential services, Sir Harry Howarth was wandering hither and thither all over Castleton and Rochdale, more like a demented man than a sane one, aud frequently having recourse even to drink in order to deaden the torture of the worm that was gnawing at his heart. It was a very late hour when, with a somewhat unsteady gait, and in the devil's own temper he returned to hia new residence at Lisbon Hall. Here hs found an individual waiting to see him who appeared to be in an as excitable and impatient a condition as himself, .and who greeted him with— "Oh, Sir Harry, I've found her. I've spied her at all events, and would swear to her amongst a thousand, aye, that would I." "Who are you talking about?" wailed the Baronet. " Can't you say more than her and she, idiot?" "Of course I oan, Sir Harry, and equally of courso, I mean your good preoioos lady," was the half-friqhtened retort. "And where is she? In heaven's name where is she?" exclaimed the Baronet, now trembling with agitation in every limb. " Aye, Sir Harry, that's telling; and, if I must out with it, I'm thinking of the thousand pounds as well as of the lady," answered the caller, with a cunning leer. "You suspicious scoundrel, do you dare even to think thav I would attempt to cheat you out of so insigniiiaant a sum under any circumstances whatever?" retorted Sir Harry, "Insignificant sum! One—"thousand— pounds—nkiffmg! Oh lor!" was all that his caller could now gasp out. "I'm glad that you've soeralted an opinion of the amount," «aid the Baronet, with a smile that the astounded look of his visitor oalled forth aB much as his words. "And," he added quiokly, "I hope that you'll win it, and that it will do you much good. Yes, I hope that you'll win it, and that quiokly, for there's another on the soent who I would much less willingly pay tbe money to, and that because I still more than half believe him to be the scouudrel who abduotod my wife by force." " Good gracious, if he stole her away he will know where to find her." " Whioh ia one reason why I want you to do so with all tbe speed possible." "Oh, .Sir Harry. Yes, Sir Harry. But what if I should find this other scoundrel— this only scoundrel, I mean—there—on the spot—in the house—and—and—and he were to kill me, and so deprive me of all ohanoe of even sharing the reward? Oh, lord, what should I do then < I'm only a leather "taymaker, and not a hero. I declare that the bare idea makes my blood curdle." " You'd better take me with you, and then you need entertain very little apprehension of sustaining any injury." "Oh, Sir Harry, come along, do. You've lifted a great weight from off my heart. But, of course, the amount of the reward won't be diminished, eh ? That would be very unfair— I mean very disappointing, you know." " The reward shan't be lessened by a single farthing, and shall be paid you ere the day is out." "To-day that means, Sir Harry. Eh, of course it should mean to-day—for see, it is just 2 o'clook in the morning. But, dear me, whatif this scoundrel who younamed should kill you instead of ine ? Oh, lor, oome to think of it that would be almost as unfortunate, for who should I have to look to then for the thousand pounds? I vow that the bare idea makes me perspire." He isn't going to kill me, never fear." " But I do fear, for your Honor's executors might refuse to pay me the Bum." " Get aloug with you, for you're so fall of doubts and fears that I'll after all pin my trust on the other scoundrel, who I feel convinced will bring me my wife before breakfast-time. " " That settles the matter. Sir Harry, for I oan restore her to you within half an* hour; and a- I'm ready to do it I consider that I've a prior claim to the reward—aye, and I'd submit that claim to a legal tribunal if you were to favour the other scoundrel—I mean the scoundrel, for I call myself an honest man— in preference to me." "I don't want you to so if lean but get you to move your stumps with half the rapidity thafcyou'ro moving your tongue." '• No if ore. Sir Harry—I run, I fly ; but for goodness sake fly equally quiok, and bring the very longest eword that you possess with you, for he may be there, you know, and what's more I believe that he was there when I saw her, for I'm almost certain that I caught sight of a man standing juit behind her with his hand upon her shoulder." " His hand upon her shoulder? S'death. had I been there I would have lopped it off at the wrist for him. But where was it that you saw this ?" roared the Baronet. "Aye, Sir Harry, as I remarked before, that's telling." " Why, you idiot, since I'm on the point of aocompanyiug you to the plaoe, I must presently discover all, BO where and when was it, I repeat "Sure, and it was just inside one of the upper windo wsof the old haunted Nunnery, as we were walking the boundaries up Ghost Lane. I wa9 in the procession, you must know, and I looked the old house all ovar whiist some of us were replacing a fallen alignment stone, and in less than a minute was assure as my life that I aaw all that I've just said that I saw, for I've bean a humble admirer of the beautiful twins, as peoplo geneially call'em, ever since they were children, and as Miss Kose has gone to Scotland—and may heaven protect her there — who else could I have seen but her sister and your Honour's lady in one !" " Who else, indeed. And—curee the fellow —he dared to stand with his haud upon her shoulder, did he?" " I dou't know that he stood ao, though that he laid it there I could almost swear. Don't you see, sir, he may but have seized hold of her in order to draw her back from the window, fearing that she might be seen by some one if she stood there any longer. If 60 his apprephensions were well founded." " But I also eesm to seo that if she had been as anxious to escape as she should have baen, she would have smashed the glass of the window with her clenched fist, aye, even at the ooBt of a cut hand and arm, during the brief minute that she was there, and so have attracted the attention of those wbo were at the time passing in suoh numbers, by her sareama for assistance." "Ob, but my dear good Sir Harry, she may not have been aware that any one was passing, fcr there's a goodish strip of meadow between the old house and the lane, and whilst the moon was shining full on the house, or at ali events on that side of it, the lane was left in deep shadow, all the more so because its hedges are so high. Then, again, even if she could have seen ne, which I oan hardly believe to be possible, she may have known that the villain would have shot or stabbed her if she had screamed out, and delicate females areneversooonrageonsasus men. The gift of nature are distributed in various ways, and valour is given to our sex and beauty to the opposite one, don't you see. Sir Harry?" The Baronet made no reply to this epeeoh, unless a ourt " Come along!" may be regarded as one. His aotione, however, were quite as explanatory as hia words, for he immediately put on his hat, and strode ont of the room and down the stairs, his paonohy little interviewer, whose name was Josiah Tobys, following him nervously in the dark as best he could. The Baronet took no further notice of him until they had gone half-way down what is now Drake-street, though it was not then much more then a third of the length that it is at present, when he asked abruptly— " How are we to get into the place without creating an alarm, and putting its possible inmates upon their guard?" "Jim Nutall, the pinner, op at Pinfold, has the keys of the house." answered Josiah. " Good," replied Sir Harry, " I know him, and he me, and in five minutes we shall be almost passing his door. I'U give him a waking-up, for perhaps it'll be an easier matter for me to persuade him to part with the keys for a while than for you." Tobys aeeected to this, so when they reached the point of their journey where a short lace branohed off and led up to the pinner's, and two or three other cottages as well, Sir Harry went up to it alone, and the next minute was thundering with the pommel of his sword at the pinner's door. It took some time to wake the pinner up, however, and longer still to make hioa clearly understand what was required of bim. "The keys of the old Nunnery, forsooth? Lord sake, what would yon be" doing with them, Sir Harry, at such an unearthly hour of the night, he at length enquired, with bis red nicht capped head thrust eut of an nppei window. "Never you mind what I intended to do there. I shan't injure the house, and that's all that you, its caretaker, need feel anxious about. I offer you a guinea for the loan of the front door key for half an hour, or at most an hour, and promise to leave everything as I find it, and return you the key as soon as done with; so no more questioning, my man, for my patienoe seems to be a deal shorter than your tongue, was the Baronet's reply. But the pinner retorted :— _ " Lorjus' o' me, Sir Harry, have ye taken time to ooosider what manner o' thing you are bent on doing ? 'Tis said, aye, and known as well, that the most awful beings, some of 'em in the shape of mortal men like you and I " "Silence, prater," interrupted the Baronet in quite a furious tone and manner, " should I meet anything there in the shape of mortal man I promise yon that my sword shall be through him in a twinkling. Throw me the key without another word, and in that case 1 will toss up a couple of guineas instead of one, but open your mouth again and I'll at once start off, and somehow or other get into the house without your key." This speech and threat had the desired effect, for the key was immediately forthoom* ing, and when Sir Harry had caught it ha threw up the two promised gold coins in turn, and then hurried off to rejoin Tobyn, when they continued their onward journey, and, in the course of another ten minutes reached the sombre and melancholy-looking old pile that they had oome to invade. Without any difficulty making their way into its interior, they noiselessly closed but did not secure the front door behind them. 