THE ARCHBISHOPRIC OF ADELAIDE. INVESTITURE OF THE PALLIUM. THE FORMS OF CEREMONY. It will not be long before the ceremony of investing the Most Rev. Dr. O'Reily, the newlv-appointed Archbishop of Adelaide, with the pallium will be performed by bis Eminence Cardinal Moran, Archbishop of Sydney, and head of the Catholic 'Church in Australasia. The investiture will take place at St. Francis Xaxier's Cathedral, and it will probably be witnessed by the heirarchy of the church in the colonies. It may be interesting to describe the procedure that must be adopted by Dr. O'Reily before his induction takes place. After his appointment, the archbishop-elect is bound to petition the Holy See for the gal lium either in person or by procurator. The postulation takes place sometimes in the con sistory in which the appointment is made, but generally in some subsequent consistory. When the archbishop - elect petitions per sonally, he proceeds to the Pontifical throne. After the conclusion of business, accompanied by a consistorial advocate, and kneeling, he asks the Sovereign Pontiff for the pallium. The words of the petition.are — 'Most jloly Father, LN., elect tof the Church of N., peti tion urgently, more urgently, most urgently that there may be conceded and trans mitted to me a pallium taken from the body of Blessed Peter, in which there is fulness of Pontifical office.' When the in stance is made by procurator, there is of course a slight change in the words. The Pope replies, ' We will give it ere long.' Popes have sometimes granted the pallium without postulation. If the archbishop-elect is in Rome the cardinal dean of the sacred ^college delivers to him the pallium, after mass, in his own private chapel, after receiving the usual oath of fealty to the Holy See. When the pallium is obtained by the procurator the cardinal dean, on delivering i%- exhorts the procurator to be most diligent in guarding it and to see that it be carefully consigned to the aruhbishop-elect. When the pallium is conferred outside Rome the Sovereign Pontiff appoints one or two bishops for the performance of the ceremony. It is delivered in the cathedral of the arch bishop-elect or in some other church of his province, if wore convenient (unless necessity require another course). Mass is first cele brated. After the communion of the cele brant the pallium is placed in the middle of the altar wrapped in its covering of silk. When mass is over the bishop delegated by the Pope approaches the altar, wearing amice, stole, cope, and mitre, and takes his seat on a faldstool. The archbishop-elect, clad in his Pontifical vestments, as if for the celebration of mass (except, however, mitre and gloves), then kneels before the bishop-delegate and takes the oath of fealty to the Holy 'See. The oath having been taken the officiating bishop, wearing the mitre, takes the pallium and- places it upon the shoulders of the arch bishop-elect, still kneeling at his feet, saying — ' To the honor of Almighty God, the Blessed Mary ever Virgin, and the blessed Apostles Peter and Paul, of our Lord Pope N., and of the holy Roman Church, as well as of the Church of N., which has been entrusted to thee, we deliver to thee the pallium taken from the body of Blessed Peter, in which is the fulness of the Pontifical office, together with the name and style of archbishop, that thou mayest use it within thy own church on the appointed days, which are set down in the ^privileges granted by the Apostolio See. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and the Holy Ghost. Amen.' If two bishops have been delegated for the function by the Holy See the senior of the two places the pallium on the shoulders of the arch bishop-elect. When this has been done the bishop delegate takes off his mitre and passes to the Gospel side of the altar. Then the arch bishop (he lias now a right to the title) rises, wearing the pallium,' ascends the_ altar, and with head uncovered, and having his cross be fore him, solemnly blesses his people. A successor will have to be appointod- to the see of Porfc Augusta, rendered vacant by the translation of Dr. O'Reily. In connection with the mode of procedure the Plenary -Coun- cil of Australasia decrees that bishops shall be elected by the consultors and parish priests of the diocese in which the vacancy is, presided over by the archbishop of the province, or in his absence by the senior bishop. 