\ Tupd, the Pareha. * A MAORI ROMANCE (Continued.) T By *-n . ' . . ^ -?-.* ATHA WESTBUBT. t s ' OHAPER V. — (Continued). ^ i-'yPasB tho bottle, Tom. Horo's bottor look than an empty stomach and a tat tered coat. Thoro aro many who have good ooats to their backs, bat none to their stomacliB, but you and I, Tom Yane, have stomachs thiak as pea jackets and _preof as gatta percha.' 'Say indiarubber, for mmo is elastic onnu='h at the prosont moinont,' nnswerod \- Tom Yano, refilling his glasB for the ' ?: twentieth time. ''Ah! but why fast, Tom, when you have the length and brcndth of tho Murrie England wherein to find a crust ? Could you not have started some little swindle for the benefit of the honest and self ?i.- nghtoous ? 'Who are they, Markham Croft?' ' Ask the buyor and soller on 'Change. Ask the banker, tho merchant and the ^ storekeeper. Tut, man, lifo may bo ?w divided into two great divisions, swindlers ;- and those who are swindled. Soo your well fed, well-to-do man of the world in -i the family pew on Sunday. How devout / - ho: seems,- with closed eyes and bont head. Pah I all a swindle. Tho counting houso is his ohuroh, a bank book lus bible, and mammon his deity.' The vagabond emptied his glass, but 'made no reply. Tho copious potations )'e had so rapidly indulged in began to \- oloud his faculties, hardened toper thnt he was The ever watchful eyes of hiB comrade ? ,-v markodthe change, but tlio well-toned voice still wont on in its cynical criti cisms - ' If you want to get on in life study that grand old word Humbug. Join a clique that has for it* object tlio regene ration of the humen race. Shout and bawl and make yourself a saint by contract, \- and 'in empty words only, to tho be niglitLd ones around you. Then with ? that greatest of all Bwindlea — honesty — rear a temple to your name. Come, fill your gla^ Tom Vane ; we'll make u night of it ' Ere the night has well begun Tom Yane lies senseless aud spoechless beneath tho table. In spite of his iron-i:oatod stomaoh, alcohol has deieated him ; aud ' there ho rests like u bruto on tho boards, entirely at the mercy of tnnt moro terrible animal who stands over, him amiling. 'Lie thoro, pig,' mutters Croft sav 'gely, at the same timo lifting his foot mto spurn his prostrate friend, but Tut d rears himself and shows his teeth. He pays little heed to the dog, but soats lnm ' self for a few minutes with his hoad rent ing ,on his hand, then springs to bis feet abruptly, still muttering. ' So this tipsy \- fool. has hastened my resolve. What dooa it matter-whether I leavo England this night or a month hence ? Hay, m a : month what may nob be discovered against mo ? I will go.' ? :. . He laughs aquiofc, noiseless laugh as ho reaches fur the daily paper and spreads it open befme-him on the table. ' Humph ! here ib the very chance I want.' (Roads.) 'Steam to Australia. — Tlie s.s. Silver wave will leave Southiimpton on tho 21st instant for Sydney, New South Wales Passengers to bo aboard on later than 8 ? : o'clook a.m.' 'f ?? Steady. Markham Croft ; what is to day I Tlio 20th ; good t Can I reach the ' Sllverwavo at Southampton beforo 8 to -morrow morning? Let me see. Tlio | .. Great Midland express will bo due here i in an hour. Prom HawdenI can branch : ? off to Southampton by the mail, which is -V'due there at 6.30 a.m. Capital ! Ayer ?'?'???'?grunt away, ? beast; when youopen you, ? blamed eyes the bird will be gone. Basta 1 ' It was wonderful to see tho change that ?? ::?! came over the handsome faco when the resolve was put into instant practice, and more wonderful to note the hurried yet cool dispatoh in which he prepared for ?- his journey to tho Antipodes. Within : half an hour he had packed what ho re quired into ono small oarpot bag, muffled himself in a thick groat coat, and bestow lng a parting salute in the shape of a ktok upon the prostrate foirn of Tom Vatio, M&rkliam; Croft wont out into the night and the darkneBs swallowed him up. CHAPTER YI. 'My Native Land, Good Night.' ?? ! i , jMayfcliorpe was for sale ! The sturd old houso that had oradled within its halls' so many comely maidens and sturdy sons was about to pass, with all ijts associations and hoary belongings, toother handstand from henceforth it ? ' would know the Wingates no moro. What haunting memories in tlioso si lent, yet eloquont rooms 1 Solemnly , nmidst the gathering gloom, tho ghosts of ~ the doparlod race soemed to glido in and out among tho quaint nooks and corners of the place as if in protest of tho lrrevor . j enoe of the act. Look at tho frowning dofianco depicted on the faco of that . pioture on the o.ik ' lHied parlor wall 1 The corporeal form of Jasper Wingate passed away from earth \- threo hundred years ago. Yot here tho ' painted likonesB glows as if with life anjl \- motion, and by tlio uncertain light ap '???'? pears to jabber at tho unfortunate Smith who is paring to and fro beneath, Oh, tho weary 'Iiouib nnd the long, ' sleepless nights for tho sorrowing father, thinking of hus poor prodigal. Iu that father's heurt roso the unholy wish thnt ' the frost and snow might be merciful to 'tho wandoror and end lus wrotohod lifo, rather than ho should fall into tho hands of those who woro on tho watoh for him day nnd night, Oh, th» weary hours of, r ; 1 ? — z eu'«p nso I An escaped felon, to be oliased ami hunted like a wild dog, and per chance to die a dog'B death. Skulking and dodging around tho old homestead, tho ngonts of tho poliee wero over on tho ajort to secure their prey. How could the honest Smith meet his fellow men with the sword of Damocles hanging over him ? Nay, better to resign his civic honors, and leavo the old place for ever. A purchaser was soon found for May thorpe, and John Wingate roused his latent energies to leave England and seek a home in the colonieB,. The poor smith wondered to hear the corporal laugh, and indulge in snatches of gay song, while he was so troubled and disconsolate, was it not sufficient that they wero quitting tho oid lend for evermore — to them at least,' and that in the decline of life they would have to begin anew ? But Corporal Cartridge had wisely kept his secrot to himself. He felt confident that Claude Wingate, under his assumed name, would bo safe in the Army, and*, come what might, there was honor in a soldier's grave. Therefore was the old veteran comforted.. While John Wingate walked up and down before the frowning picture of his ancestor, Corporal Cartride stole silently up the broad stairway - toward, a small room overlooking the garden. The old hussar paused beforo the door of this chamber for several minutes, and stroked his grey moustache reflectively. Opening it'noisolessly he looked in. By tho light of a small lamp he behold Lena Graham oil her kneeB, her head buried in the snow white covering of her couch. Scattered around lay a heap of old letters — Borne of thorn faded and yellow with age, others bearing marks of rosea and violets, while here and there a ribbon stained and decayed, by which thoy had been tied. There was a world of sorrow in the girl's - posture. The liBtlesa arms resting upon the bed ; the long glosBy hair displaced, and laying about the slonder figure like a rich mantlo ; the . small, shapely head half buried, all spoke more eloquently than words a mournful, restless grief, that could nut be guaged by rule and compass. Oue of her small hands held a photograph, the picture of a fair, handsome boy — of Claude Wingate when ho first came home from school to spend the holidays. * Holding by tho door the corporal took in the whole scene at a glance. It was amazing to note how quickly the hard, rugged face of the man changed to a look of soft womanly tenderness as he gazed ; to note the mist which slowly but surely gathered in those keen, courageous eyes, and dimmed them so that he could scarcely see; eyeB that hud not q'lailed when the Russian legions gathered round him and his devoted comrades on that happy November morning at Iiikermann » oyes which had looked unwinkingly upon Mio terrible line of guns at Balaclava, whose scathing whirlwind of shot and Bhell lie had fronted gallantly; a face that had grown stern and resolute in the hour of imminent peril; yot the dogged features and tho flashing eyes had been unlocked and melted at the sight of a motherUBs babe. Blessings on thee, Harry Cartridg, my heart growB warmer to my kind when I think of thee, mon chor. World-woary, and tired of the false mockeries, the hol low shams around me, the, memory of thee and thy kind, gentle heart, budB t and blooms in my remembrance like an oasis iu i he deBert. Gently the veteran moved forward, and stooping down imprinted a kiss upon her shining tresses, but tho girl did-not move; it was only when he had lifted the slight form in his arms, and folded her close to his heurt, that Lena gave signs of motion; An uncontrollable fit of tears, which shook her like tho waves and winds play with a storm-bound ship, found vent* The old man let the tempest have play, let her sob out the pout1 up sorrow upon his bosom without uttering a word. He stroked her beautiful head, caressed it ; and what sympathy there was in that touch ? Yea, it had more influence upon tho passionate outburst than anything he couid have said to her — for there seemed a great magnetism in that hand. The invisible and electrio harmony of two souls k»it together was felt by one of them at least, felt and silently acknow ledged, as though the healing wings of the guardian angel hovered near. 'Lena I my dear child, you love this unfortunate boy, Claud 1' No neod of the question, corporal. The shy, bluBh ing faco that would hide itself within thy parental bosom in maidenly coyness iB enough to satisfy thee. He still toys with herlovely hair, but a grave look comes into her face. ?'My darling, you must try and forgek that Claude Wingate ever lived.' ' Ah, yes, I will try, my dear father,' she answered after a pause. ' But vet 'tho trial is very bitter — bitter. . He wa? my companion and ? playfellow, my little champion at home and abroad, who en tered the lists against all comers on my behalf; my hero and beau ideal of all that is generous and munly in, his 'young manhood, until— until temptation . fell upon him. And oven now, my love for him is the stronger because of hia fall, for I would watch ovor him, win him back again to honor, even at the sacrifico of iny owu life.' How eloquent tlio wordB— homely though they wero. What a wealth of love it the truthful eyes that looked up at: him through her blushes. ' God hus been very good to me, my ohjld, iu giving me Buch a treasure as thou art,' answered the old soldior in a husky tone 'If I speak unkindly it is because I would save you from \ain hopes and longings that may never be realised. Lisjen I Two young men— Bchoolfollows, friends, both born and reared in this towpship of Cranborno— undappily fell iu lovo with tho same maiden. Oue of tho twain was a mil, awkward youth,. who had little to recommend him in thu.eyfs of ouoli a proud, 'handsome girl as Lucy Fan VhAWBi but he la»od hit with the ttheU force of a strong and passiona''. nature, i I His rival, on tho contrary had such 1 1 qualities of disposition and persuu as won the lady's lovo, also lior hand. Tlio less fortunate friend kopt hiB secret well, and betook himself and hia misery out of Cranborno. He ontered the army, went abroad, became a morbid, lonely and dis agreeable man, until ono day in Tndea a lit tle foundling nestled its tiny arms about his neck, and thereby opened the fh o Igntes of that affection which was consuming him. Again I say, God has been kind to give mo you.' Lena drow down tho weather beaten face close to her own and kissed fervently ' Dearest father 1 Who caii gu'igo your lovo like the poor foundling ? That friend of your youth and favored rival in love was John Wingate ! 'Hush I In all these years that havo gone he has never oven suspected that I, ?his friend, had ever felt tlio tender pas sion for anyone, much more for his dead wife. Death is the groat treasure-house of love. There lieB buried the real wealth of pnssiou and of youth. Tako the les son, Lena, my child.' She clung closer to him now. The se cret he had impirted in his rough, up right way, had revealed' more fully the dimnond beneath the rude crust. They went down the broad stairway to gether arm-in-arm, and onward to the oak-lined chamber, where the Bmith walked to and fro with his head sunk upon his breast. ' Jack Wingate ! Halt I Lift up your head, man ; I have news of the prodi gal.' The frienda face each other, with Lena between them. ' News ! good news, Jack, my dearold friend 1 ' continues the veteran. 'Your son — nay, our son — Bailed from Bristol yesterday with the livery of Hor Majesty upon his back and a weapon by hiB side to fight old England's foes. Look I Read for yourself. ?' Hurrah 1 Wo need no orders iroui Horse Guards. From thiB hour wo hold ourselves in readinesB to march out of Cranbourne with drums beating and colors flying, at one day's no tice. Kiss me, Lena, I'm a boy again.' And so we leavo them. When we lift the curtain again it will be upon a new land — that Greater Britain at: the An tipodes. CHAPTER VII. ? Maoki Jack. Five years have passed away I Fivo long years — with its ups. and downs, its turmoil and strife. Leave we the Old World, gentle reader, for that new and unexplored region at the Antipodes. Mount with me upon the back of my flying steod ! Hie Presto I away wo go. Lo! here we stand safe upon the lofty summit of Maunga-Wao, Now Zealand. Before us Rangitoto rears its crest above the clouds ; and out yonder the city of Auckiand— ringed with villas and gardens^ gleams in the morning sunlight, while at its feet the noble Waitimati Bay, with a fleet of ships upon fts glossy bosom. Eustward towers the Barrier Rock, like a huge giant guarding the ooean pass. What a grand, ragged spot I Bold and sturdy in aspect as the native race it hath cradled upon its cliffs and mountains — a rnco whoso nature, partaking something of tho rugged surroundings, could ex hibit grand and lovely qualities beneath a serene and sunny sky, yet fierce and terrible under the influence of storm. Five years ago tho Maori chieftain, Te Apora, fired tho rebellion at Taranakit New Zealand, but the local Government crushed it out ere the aid which had been dispatched from England arrived. The Imperial regiments only reached oa far as ihe Cape of Good Hope when the order .was countermanded, and they were sent to different stations in India. But rebellion hail raised its hydra-hcad once more, and had spread over the whole North Uland. The Imperial soldiers came to the rescue, under the command of General Cameron, and amongst them tho 6-th Light Infantry. The general, by a series of skilful and daring encounters, completely routed the king's warriors and finally drove them out'of the Waikato. It would be out of plaoe in these page to consider the oauae of quarrel betweoii Maori and Pakcha. Suffice it for the interest of the story to say that 20,000 natives— descendants of wat'riors, fights ing for a country they loved dearer than their existence — wore in arms, and com manded by a brave but cunning and oruel ronegade, ' supposed to be au escape'! prisoner from the stockade at Pentridge, and who was known by the nom de plume of Tupo, th6 Pakeha. A tBrrible devil thiB Tupo, if report spoke truly. Not a white man Who ever fell into his clutches came back to tell what he thought of the rebel leader. Daring as he was. cruel, and with con siderable ability in the stratagems of attack nnd retreat, he became a thorn in the side of the commander, of the forcc, who made ever; effort to capture him, but in vain. On a bright morning in tho month of June there was a general muster of stragglers on the . large barrack square at Auckland. About. 40 rank and file, com. prising Imperial soldiers and voluntoers. were being formed up previous to em barkation for Tauranga,-on the cOast. These gentry consisted of absentees and defaulters generally, who had failed to be present when the corps to which they belonged had sailed a few days pre viously f»r 'ho above township, where it was known Tupo was carrying on his operations. A young officer belonging to tho 6— th Light Infantry had been left in charge, with orders to follow the gene ral ns soon as the abBoonders wore gathered togother. It was amusing to j note this awkward spuad, as : tho ranks were oponed for inspection. They reeled I to ,ind fro liko a tottering wall, the wholo pnrado being tipsy to n man. One tall grenadier anted to ? know . what tho binttjr bu* m«kct by w*lt*iuR around him, while another hero gave it as his | sober conviction that earthquakes were I not yet extinct in the land, inasmuch as | he felt the solid earth heaving under him. There wns one little deformed man on tho right of tho front rank who seemed to enjoy the fun immensely. This indivi dual stood abont 5ft 2in high, his arms were tremendously long aud mucsular with largo hands aud feet, his thick, stunted legs, bowiug outwards, and with a backward curve. Ou his held, whioh was very large, and hilf-buried bntweon his high shoulders, he had thrust jauntily an old shako, mnch too small for hiin, and miniiB tho pom- pon in front, whicb had the appearance of an old-fashioned chim ney-pot stuck on a Christmas pudding. ' Who are you 1 enquired tho officer, surveying this persuu'age from head to toe, ' Phil M'BIatherigan, d — 1 a less,' an swered the gorilla readily, at the same time giving his shako a rakish shove over to port. The officer folt an inclination to laugh at the comical figure before him ; but the presence of the men forbade the luxury. You are not a soldier, are you ? ' ' No, faix, ma bouchal, there's ne'er a coat in the service that 'ud fit mo, eh, boyis ? ' ' You are a volunteer, I presume V' *' I preshume 1 cm not, achora 1 ' re joined the dwarf, grinning, and display ing a terrible row of ugly teeth. ' If you are neither soldier or volun teer, what do you wa'it here, sir ? ' 'Arrahl only listen to the captain, Gineral of India, meu,' said the gorilla, taking off his hat, and stepping to the front. ?' Ho wants to know what Jack Donovants wants here. May be yee's '11 toll him that I want to go to Taurauga and show General Cameron where he will find riewi and his men faix, you're a rale jew'l if you don't know Maori Jack, the Guide. Isn't that thrue for mo, boys? ' * ' Are you the man ' who warned Cap tain Trent of the Maori ambush on the Waikato?' asked tho officer, gazing at the guide in some astonishment. ' Trotb, I'm that same gintleman ; an look here, me boy, I'm tfiatsiino gos soon that l.eapt into n Miori rifle-pit at Wangatii, whore a botild boy — a sargeant of the 6 — th — wob fighting like a very devil agin terrible odds. Troth, that .same sargeaut would a niver get out of that, .and been au officer this day, but for ould Maori Jack.' - It would be impossible to describe the look and the frightfnl laugh that followed the words of the guide. The officer stept forth and held out his hand. ' It was to you, then, I owed my life on that terrible day,' said he, in a low voice full of emotion, 1 made many I enquiries after I recovered from my wounds for the man who gallently came to my assistance, but no one knew any thing about you, or your whereabouts. I nm glad to have met yon if only to — ' Whist, whist I man alive ; shure these gaping spalpeens here are dhrink ing in every word yer saying, and they'll repato it, you may depend.' The voice of the guide had a kinder ring in its tones. ' Its a modest mau I am, if I'm not a purty one ; faix, there wa'n't a gruto dale of beauty flying about when I was' born ; but tell me, agra, you'se an officer now ?' ' Yes, my services at Wangatii gained me a commission- and since then I have advanced another grade, through a trifl ing service rendered to our colonel,' answered Claude Fuushawe modestly, but with a proud look yn his handsome face. ' Moro power to ye, avio ; it's ineself would liko to be an officer, to wear a sword, und near goold lace on mr coat i and eat off cliiney plates, and drink whis key till 1 wor black- iu the face ; but, ! sbtire, it isn't for the likes of au ugly man's son like me to be thinking of the like.' He looked up at the officer quickly, and said in a lower tone, ' Order me into the ranks at onst, and let us be off to the boat, or them gentlomen for nonet us 'ill not be . able to walk to the jetty.' A strange animal, this Guide— rough- hewn, and untutored in his manner as a Cossack, yet brave and daring to reck lessness ; a In ui of extremely strong pas aions, with no control over rhem ; with him love or gratitude meant faithfulness, and sacrifice of self to everything else, and according to the same creed, hate meant .war to the death. 1 There was not a man in the whole o^ New Zealand who knew the country so well as Maori Jack, from the .mountai nous rpgions of Pukehini to Onohunga, he wns as familiar as tho Maoris them selveB, and as guide to the forces rendored a great service to Genoral Cameron nnd to the country at large. Jack hated Ihe Maoris, and followed up th«ir tracks with the unerring tenacity of a bloodhound. They had wronged him, and in. hi* half-developed soul he felt a keen zest in retaliation. Time had been when Pat Donovan held one of the finest farms in the Pateri Valley, bul tlio Maoris Ciimo and miirdored the Irish settler and his wifo, and divided his horses and cattle, and took his poor deformed son (th'n a boy) with them into the Hunna Ranges. Hud Jack Donovan pot been deformed, his captors would have killed him without 8crupi--, but his very defor mity saved him, and for a time ho became their plaything and their slave. Lieutenant Fnnwhawo m.irched his men out of tho barracks, and down Shortland creecont to tho pier. At nearly every public-house they passou tho tipsy detuoli moufc halted with one accord, and do manded permission to have anotherliquor but the offic r was firm in his refusal, and by sundry threats of reporting their con duct ot Headquarters, he managed to got them to tho «teara«r Sandfly) whi«h was to convey them to Tauranga. But here a - difficulty presented itself. Tho jetty ex- 1 tended some distance out into the steam ; the littlo steamer was lying broadside on, to uso a nautical phrase, and tne tide being at low ebb the ship wa9 some twenty feet below the lovel of tho pier. Now, how to convey the detachment afely aboard, fully accouted in heavy marohing order, without half of them rolling overboard into tho bay, seemed a query to the young officer. Tho master. Captain Squall, was on deck, and to him tho young officer ap pealed in his perplexity. ' Get them on board. Nothing easier, my lad. Thero's a ladder, make it fast to the stanchions of the pier and let them come down hand over hand.' '? I'm afraid the ladder will be useless, captain, in this case.' 'How's that?' ' My men are. one and all, tipsy, I am sorry to say,' added Claude in a morti-' ' fied tone. ' Eh, tipsy |. why, so they are, Sir. That's a bad job. I'd advise you to try the ladder ; the lubbers will bo much bet ter at the bottom of the harbor than on board my boat, the swine.' ' Arrah, captain jew'l, is there never a whate shoot about?' exclaimed Maori Jack from the top of the pier. ' A wheat ohnte ? What for, you ape?' ' To slide these illigant gintleman on board wid, ye lobster faced spalpeen,' cried Jack. 'Good, capital idea,' answered the good humored skipper, laughing. ' Here, my lads, bear a hnud with that long chute out of the forehatch ; look alive, men.' Half a dozen Bailors opened the fore hold and hauled out a long chute used for loading ships with grain. One end was fixed to the jetty, the other on the deck of the steamer. 'Send down your cargo,' roared the captain, his eyes twinkling. ' This is a most disgraceful scene,' said the young officer, ang.-ily. 'Shure it is then. Sir,' answered the Guide in a respectful tone. 'Just look at the villains,' said he, pointing to where the b.md of warriors were sitting and sprawling about tho pier, and surrounded by a swarm of idlers and loafers. 'Faix, I'm ashamed of them entirely ; but don't frot yourself, yer honor, I'll go bail I'll soon aboord wid 'em. I say there, below 1 ' 'Well?' ' Letyez place an ould tarpaulin at the bottom of the shoot there, or some of these boys here '11 not be able to walk for a day or two.' ' Will a couple ob days do ? ' ' Exactly 1 Now, me boy, come along out of that,' cried Jack, seizing the near est soldier by the heels, and dragging him for warTTTcP tho chute/ ,rBil5w— there ! Let yez look out. Here's No. 1,' and the intoxicated soldier, with his knapsack strapped to hiB back and his shako lean ing rakishly on one side of his head, slid swiftly down the smooth plane, more like a sack of flour than a humau being stamped with the likeness and image of the Creator. The dwarf, in high glee, grasped an other man, a tall, powerful fellow, who struggled hard to free himself ; but his strength was as that of a baby in the powerful arms of Juck, who lifted him clear off his legs and sent him sprawling down the chute like a huge crayfish. ' Hurrah, boys I Be me sowl this is rale fun,' cried he, in ecstasy. 'Now, gentlemen, who's next / Faix, this is the devil's enrgo, and no mistake. Come on, ould grey-head, it's your turn. Wirroo? mo bould haro, there ye go: an' your shako in the' wather. ' Stretching forth his long arras, the guide sent the men one after another along the shoot in rapid successfon, so that in a short time the whole refractory detachment were safely stowed away under hatches. In tho course of an hour the Sandfly got under way, and steamed full speed down the lovely bay and out into the tur buleut waters of the coast. Captain Squall sent an invitation to the youug officer to join him at luncheon, which wns gladly accepted. During the meal the conversation turned upon the all-absorbiug topic — the war. 'I presume you have never been in Taranaki ? ' said Captain Squall. 'No, our regiment has aeen on the Waikato River for some time. 1 am glad of a change.'*, ?' No doubt. 1 suppose you have had some sovere fighting in that quarter, Lieutenant Fanshawe?' '? Rather 1 the scourge, Tupo, and his warriors were not dislodged from Te Rapu and RingahM without a struggle.' ' Is this Topo a Maori ?' ? ' Oh dear no ! he claims kindred with our.-elves, captain.' ' Whatl Is the scoundrel and En glishman ? asked the skipper in surprise. 'So it is reported. This renegade, Tupo, with adozon of aliases, is the aamn man who was tried for murder at Wel lington three years ago,' answered Fan shawe. ' Indeed, I heard he was a half-blood or a Spaniard, or .something of that SOlt.' ' ... ? ' Possibly hiB complexion is dark enough for either.' ~ - ' You-havo been in contact with him on the Wuikato ?' ' Onoi-, at tho storming of the Queen's Redoubt. I was near nim for several ?ctooncbi but the tide of battle ??(Mated) and I oan only say whatever may be his 1 crimes, he is a brave and dariug villain.' ' So I have heard,' rejoined the cap tail), sipping his wino. Yet I cannot un- ; derstand why the Maories follow him so ' blindly in preference to their own chief tains. ' The Meori is a strange animal,' re plied Claud, 'and as a rule he does not trouble himself much respecting those who are brought in contact with him, providing they holp him to fight his ene mies. Tupo's life Is forfeited, and he kuows it, and will therefore fight sturdily for his friends, the rebels, for in their friendship lies safety. A glass of wine, captain ?' ' With pleasure, Bir.' ' General Cameron has received infor mation that the scourge has removed to ihe Patea Valley, at Tauranga.' continued {lie officer, ' and has goue thither with the 6 — th and the Forest Rangers in the hope6f meeting him.' ' I hope yon may capture the scound rel.' ' I sincerely hope so, captain ; bnt Tupo is a knowing rogue, and sudden and erratic in his movements. To-day you may hear of his being within rifle shot, and to-morrow he is burning and slaying the settlers miles away.' They sat over their wine for some con* siderable time, when Captain Squall proposed they should adjousn to the poop and smoke a cigar. . CHAPTER VIIL Lucy Feknleioh. The steamer was clear of the Heads, and running before the wind with rather a rough sea on. The little vessel seemed to havo hard work with the chopping waves, for now and then she get a fremeodous rap on her starboard side, sending her over to port, then before she could get any distance down she was sent violently back again. Sometimes she would jump over a wave as Bteep as the fides of a rock- bound castle, am! plung bows under, as if she suddenly rememf b'red ahe had an Engagement and was going down to keep it. Again Bhe would heel over to starboard, apparently to make the interesting but slightly dan gerous experiment of 'how far ahe could heel over without capsizing, until you held your breath for fear that the slightest movement on your part should send her then and there on her beam end-'. Slowly she would right again, shivering from stem to stern — or rather shaking alt over her timbers with suppressed laughter at the jolly fright she had given every one on board, except the captain, who was up to her dodges. Three persons were on the quarter deck; when the captain ascended with hiB companion. A!;.- hale-lookihg old gentle man, with grey mutton-chop whiskers and moustache, wasitauding conversing with two females; the foremost ono, a tall graceful j-punsJady. enveloped in a fur cloak, with a thick veil covering her face, and a Maori girl, dressed iu European costume. On the appearance of the young officer the lady indulgod herself with a keen scrutiny, then ? resumed her con versation with tho old gentleman. Claude Fanahawe lit a cigar and walked forward with the captain. ' I was not aware you had ladies on board,' said he. '?'That is Major Wilton, of Bouutys ville, a station about 10 miles from Taranaka, on the Patea River,' answered Captain Squall. ' And the young lady ? ' 'The major's niece, I believe.' At this moment the skipper was called forward by the mate. The ship hugged the shore at a distance of about three miles, and in the clear atmosphere of the declining day 'the scenery on the coast was quite distinct to the naked eye. Traces of havoc aud ruin were everywhere visible. Yonder, iu a charming vail ay, where Nature had been most lavish in her bounty, stood the roofless dwellings and blackened walla of a onca flourishing settlement. ' Do you see that black spot bey ant, at the foot of tho mountain ? ' said Maori Jack, catling the officer's attention to a ruin on the coast. ' Yes ; what of it, Jack ?' ' Be my sowl, the Maoris played a fine thune there about a couple of years ago.' ' How ? Are you acquainted with this part of the country ? ' asked Fansh&we; iu surprist. ' Am I what J ' echoed the dwarf with a fierce gesture ana a sweep of hiB long arm. 'Am /I acquainted with this part of the country, is it I Musha, hould yer whisht, tuan alive ; there's not a yard of land in the whole island that I don't know, an' it's meseif that says it, good luck to me.'. 'Oh ! I beg pardon.;:., What about the place yonder?' The dwarf reflected a moment, then began : — A fine strapping young fellow from Wellington by the name of Edwards bought that piece Of land from a Maori named Huri ; for £30. The Maori soon spint the money, and then wanted the land back again, but by this time Edwards had begun to build a house on it, and of course couldn't comply wid the request at all at all ; so Huri went off aud joined thatmurtherin ra-scal, Tupo.' ' Who? ' 'Tupo! ' ' Proceed.' ?'Adjoing the farm occupied by Ed wurds there lived an old friendly chief, who had a daughter named Kaulo, a fine, handsome winch, wid oyes— holy poker ! ye should h ivo seen 'em — 'an hoir black as my old hut, forby the great length and gl«U vC iti, I bwt «ha wh n purtf I oratare, an' ai gently as a rale lady. Well, begorra! IC*tilo saw Edwards iiud- fell in love wid him, an' went at onsfc : - tiie young settler and tould him bo. What do you think of that, eh? ' aud the guide, in his eagerness to ascertain the lieutenant's opinion on the matter, gave that gentle man an unmerciful poke in the side, which almost deprived him of brea'h. 'Of course Edwards was a sensible l«iy, an badu t tha laste objection in life to tho girl ; the oula.chlef was willin, an' so they were married. It was a couple of years after that Edwards hired me to do some fencing for him, an* I went to live wid them. One dark, wet night, I had just got snug in bed widin my hut, that stood behind this house, when all at onst I was nearly startled out of my sins-:s by a murdering phillor. Doors and windows were smashed, amid such yelling and screeching as no mortal man ever heard afore. I quickly slipped out of the hut and ran swiftly into the house. Bo my sowl, the Bight I saw made ray poor old legs bend under me wid terror! Tiie large sitting room was filled wid armed Maoris. My master lay dead on the flora wid hiB head cloven in two halves, while near the body of her husb.ind poor Kaulo was on her knees in the clutches of half a dozen wiirriurs. who, wid a strong, flaxen cord, wound round her throat, were strangling her. Holy man! Oi shall never ferget to the day of my death the wild, despairing lock on that Maori girl's face.' ' What did yon do, Jack ?' ' Do ! I jumped right in amongst the savage villains, an' fought an' bit at them like a devil ; but what could a poor spal peen like me do among so many? Tuey overpowered me in a minue, unwound the rope from Eaulo's neck and tied it firmly round my body; then Tapo ordered them to take me to the other end of the room aud hoist me bodily up, which the scoun drels did in a jiffy, an1 there I hung, suspended like a golden sheep, while Tupo amused himself wid emptying his revolver at iny poor carcase,' ' Good heavens I what cruelty.' ' That's a matter which the rebel leader does not understand. He's a devil.' 'Did he shoot you?' 'Well, he did; but I wasn't killed, ^Ise how could I be here speaking to yoa about it, eh?' 'Did they strangle BLaulo?' 'Aye.' v ,.-??? ' Horrible 1' ; ' I'm not a man for swearing oaths, or making a Bhine about nothing, but look ye here— I s ware by the livin' Lord that mada me, if ever I get a grip o' that murth-rin' rufflian wid. these hands, I'll send his damned and cruel soul to hell the next minute. The dwarf's rough face grew livid with intense passion, as lie growled forth rather than uttered tho words. Although the young officer had been deeply interested in the guide's story, yet his gaze had wondered very often in ' ~ the directiou of the little party on the poop. They were watching the splendid sunset fading over show- clad Egmont, and over the scrub-covered hills and forests beyond. Major, Wilton's niece had cast up her veil and disclosed to tho Lieuteuunt a proud, lovely face of ex ceeding beauty. There was oniy a taffrail ahout eighteen inches high encircling the poop, or rather that portion over- the saloon. The bulwark was supported at intervals by iron rods fixed to the deck. .'line wind had begun to freshen, and the little steamer rolled considerably in the trough of the sex The young officer observed M-\jor Wilton and his companions preparing to go below, and he therefore modestly re treated to tho further eud of the vessel. He had scarcely gone half-a-dozjn paces, however, when suddenly, like the pealing of a bell, there roso a piercing shriek, fallowed by a cry of horror. The old gentleman was standing close to the taffrail, calling frantically and tugging ur. the davits, from which swung a jolly-boat. The young lady, his niecs, was nowhere visible. She had failc overboard. ' Some one overboard! burst forth, and was echoed from mouth, fore and aft. Swift as a streak of light through a dark riven thunder-cloud a white ob ject caught the officer's eye for an in stant, as it shot past the. keel of the vessel, and was whirled away among the rush of waters astern. Someone overboard ! Stop her ! Re verse the engines; astern, full speed; for the lovo of mercy ! Cut away the jolly-boat quick !' and an uproar of voices arose in the air, commingled with shouts ... and hurried prayers. Claude Fanshawe's heart throbbed with a strange sympathetic thrill, as the shoats rang forth. To tear off the upper portion of his uniform and his boots w'as the work of a moment, the next he had plunged head-formost over the stern, and ' was struggling among the billows. He was a b- Id, fearless s-viminer. Many a time ou the old River Ayr he had saved life by his qualities as a strong and ex pert swimmer. Once on a voyage out an officcr fell overboard, and the then young soldier gallantly rescued him, at the imminent peril of his 'own life, for ' ' which brave act he was dubbed a non- 1 coinmusioned officer on the spot. Car ried aloft by a huge wave, Claude saw ; with surprise that he vessel was plunging - on her course half a mile away. Again ' ' he was upheaued on the summit of a : billow, and casting his gaze over the tar- « bulent waters, he observed a dark object being borne up and down by the motion '' of the naves, and bearing awav in a con trary direction to the steamer. The ? officer struck out vigorously for his mark, shakingihe salt spray from his face, and ' ''?! clearing; through the water with every nerve anb muscle strung' to the fines*.., . j'...: tension. .. . ? , f ,-,f- , (To sa GonMrroaD.) .'tr ' ? .. 