'OLD PEGGIE: A GH0S11 8TOBY FOUNDED ON f ACT. BY A B 8 3 rnoLoooB . In ib« y«»r.lC66— that time of bl.iodphed end. tyrepny for over to b» nm»tufc«r«d with borrvr in Ihi Lead o' 0ktc— thore ( lived lp old Ediuburtb R uorl y liooo- drifer, his w'fc, tod baby b«y. Tbey ' ware PrMbylvria&H;, he, at the rUtr Of their Itvei, attended alt the cenventlelae """aril liRod, Tbtlr dwelliog plaeo was a mall hot wry masOve bnlldiog of two itereya. The fl'at flmr ooptiaUd et the ahap)' kilcbao/ and parlor, while th aeeanri eootaieed three bedrrema end a parter. . The w11b were eery iblok, aod belwvro twe of the badreema tba apace iaalde ifaw wall wta 10 graat ai to admit of a narrow Ulroaae iuanipg dawo Into a reoret cellar room. The top nf (hia atalr was g lined by meacB af a eeoret ilidiog panel in tha . wall ef the baak bedroom. One day, aa .Margaret waa baay about bar boQKheld datlaa, her beaband, David, oama ia in hat haete. He had J vet heard efaiiingaf eome of the Bhkoudbrigbt peaiantry, and, that a thousand men w»re then m'arcbiog for Edinborgb. H eald that aha and the child tonal at once ga. to (iba aecret ohamber, while be abenld go but . to jein the advacchg body., All Wae . bniUe. Foad| beddiog, 4o, were eooo carried to Ihe room, anJ, with a goed nap ' ply of eandlee, and bar preoioae baby jo bar armi/peggir, wilb a b4a?e heart— tbe great oba;ROteri>tfa of tha Boatliab matron . ot ber. day— bade h«r baaband an iffco 'Donate farewell, atepped through the panel, and, not whhont a etraege forobodiog efavil, baard tba epriog bliok behind her, On the cntikirte ef Edinburgh David j lined a nnmber of Govenaotera. who were only waiting for nightfall to marob to meat . the advancing body. I need not dwell en the Wll kaewn bluorloal faot of how tliit brave little band wae dtftated at Rallion Green by General Da.i#!, aid bow onr gallant David fell in Iba'tbfok'of tbe fight ; tor on the weeping and angnlah in maoy htne when tba ead newa of toot dear ones raaohed ihym ; nor on peer Peggie. No eyeb«t'hatof the Great Faih'r saw her tearfnl snSering day by day she liutened and waited fer tba bauband wbe newr eame ! On her aegai-b at seeing her ofalld —hie child — starving, her fraotio rffrrle te . find a way of caospo from tbo all too eoret room. CiiAniB I.— Ilia Lihbdbapsu's Bride ...,L.Tba . haunted shop bad at UhI founri a tenant J»mee Tight and bis young brida . had mived into Ihe pretbiaaa, fie wis i rillog man in hie trade. He bad etarUd p a, email way ae a Hniudraper, and, liy. dlllgeuje .and honeety, bad made a go»d 1 . dial 0' money, and b'ed taken ibe eld. abop (wtfol b i got fer moob lees tbto He worth en eccnunt of ite reputation for btipg bain\eri), and marri«d ihe girl of bis . ebeice.. He wae »n Eogli bman, who, with his family, hid left bie home in the Booth seme yeire before, and bie wife wae an English girl. James did not toil bis wife tbe pluce was bsnolt d, and at abo oauiG frrra roiue dietanovj she neVar beard of "Old Peggie,' aa tbe gboet wae oalled, Mary wjh a yoeog girl, and her young bueband n«ed to take great pride in oalling her late tba -hep to be introduced to eome ef biacas- tomere.'1 .Old women would often ask her If abe b id seen '' i Id Peggie " yet, on whioh James would eeud Polly off to see if tbe kettle ware bailing, or on soaae other exouia, when be would atk the qaietlonav to eay nothing about ' Old 6fiSlt" M be did not wi-h bra wife ;to haar af her. Evaiy night at 12 o'olack Jamte and Pally were awakened by a strange heiMi M if a prrson with arms wide spread were \feeling along the wall of tbe mxtroom. and then elipped sad, with a cry of pain, fell. Jamti made light of this, fer the , abep we eery goed for him and very ebeap. With haaring so muoh of "Old Poggle,' Polly began to ask qeeetfens, and Jamw, like the wise man he was (think' iog, peibipF, tbtt what a woman ie not told abe will find ont), totil her all he knew of "Old Pnggto," wHob was net mu-jh— merely that a ghost by that nitns wae Bald . i to bennt the old hflneeand make the noises .Ibay >eird. Pally was a brave littU , woman, and her husband wao to big ond strong, nod she lovad him aa dearly, and be alwaye bad a gnn in tha room, and, in faiit, i ha did not mind "Old Peggie" veiy , muoh I' waa quite a reliaf and a surprise . to Jamve bow little hie wife eoemed afraid of the g boat. Truth to tell, ha was far more frightened then ebe, for, while he made. light ef It to her, ho hid an intensely uperititioui nature and a great dread of the anpei enteral. Bet habit is second . , nature, and by tha time ihey had e'ept fer twalvp months with tbe noUe to olose to hem/tbey had got to mind it but. little. About this time a little stranger made jta d Jamee was a father and Polly a mother. With this delight tbey . might have almost forgotten " Old Peggie," ee used to bar bad they beotme, but that a new aster came apon the ghostly stage Jort mfirr P.ggi, hod gena th ooghhar Rorfottbonoo o babj'a loroimt wero heard. Jrmoo tptoog ap ond wont to Hi. cradl. to flnd bio obitd pauofnlly oleopiog, wbilo tbo ooroiming wont on far abont o minute . ..AOdj.o.boif, oftrr which all war qtiot Night oftrr nigbt this was repeated, nor Mild they flud Any txpianAlion for it, tot |h trito oatoe frrm near at bond. - CniFTU It— A Kioiit op Waiodino. Oor day a parly . Athrlrir, who did not boliovt in apiritw, good or ovil, eome to trk Jamei to let tbrm itoylnbir hto-e old boor " Old Paggia'd »» midnight ronnd. Mo willipgly coorantod, ond orrangad tbey okoald oatnti that vary evening. Polly a<d Jimpo mado (ho renin in front of tb.ii'ar to oomforloblo aa tbey coold, and arranged ckolro, lighti, fto, end books ond pppera for tbo oxpootad vioitm. Jsmee, thry dooldad, ohoold lit op with tbo watoh Forty, ond At 10 Polly ohbald bring thom "P 4,4 """ "odown, but not undrrto, n oit-o it mi In i'o1 :ttioiiaio< with to viti barroom. Night cam-, on I with il tha thno gentlemen. Th y naatntd pteoo'd o find th.ir quittera ao enog. The time till 10 waa paVeetl in obit, when a dirorrioo wao mado by Polly appearing with a dainty copper. After few woMh oh left tboiu tad went lo hsr room, but uot to stoop. Mio heard Mh mtn ia tba srxt rnom i iugh- ing md talking. Tbey did net oxpsut to huar or foa a gh»st Ob 1 'toar no, As the toot stroke of 12 dM away thai fearful sound started. With mere than usual ctoarohFB Peggie's arms, wore heard fooling aioog iha wall, Tbsoj with a ory of pain, ebe »Hppd and fell. The geulln man said It must be Mrs Tidht ia the nrxt room. Jimes bade ihotn corns and bos for themselves. J-ist aa :iny intend bor room, a baby's orieowere heard. , ; " Do yoa hear ibat ?" aakod' James. 11 Why, yeo, man, i.'d yoor ohtld orying." JtmeB tod ibem to tbo orsdto, where the bajby was peao.fally -stoepiog. Htlll tbe ory oontlnaed, until at last, 'with fa heart rending sob, it dfyTaway. Tbe atheists were truiy-starllt'd/but inaintainedl there must be same human txplauAttoD, Tbey walobod aod Hitentd all tbroagh tha nlgbt, bot notblDg more' was heard./ Tuey ar ranged fb cotue agtinMbenrkt nigbt, hut asked to be allowed to- watoh and listen jo tbe back room, for, though Ibe miae could bo heard in bath roams, it seemvd to be atorg the wall ofthe book room tbo fetl. tog went on. ; Chapter III.— peciaib .'Finds Best at \- - l'asr'> | The next night foind all oor friends' lh- toi iag iotoutly jist boforer midnight. MoHenry (one ef the aiheietn) wAsanxioa0 to locate tbe exaot spot where tbe feollog stortod. BJaroe had the last obltne of that most lonoly of all hours ' rliod away when "Old Peggie" brgan bor otaroh. . It dil not last for s long this, tiino,. but wis -foh 'lowed a'mjat atonoe'l!by the3slippinv sonnd, oiy, anil fiill. 7h«n tba glioat baby'u oriea were beard— bo pitiful, so .natural, so fu;l of pain.: Tho ory wao prolonged, and at last died away. MoHenry ioatantly began aminuto'ssarohof .(be wall, wbiob was of old oik carved psnli Ho bad much t xperioDeciu' wood work,'- end Voon diBcevortd tbo' faiaj apring. Tli» paool slid back with as maoh eiBe'as if it bad only baen used tbe day before. Polly bogged them to go no further, but when bar- - bosba&d; told -her that., oould tbey, : solve - the mystery; .-.tbey, might get rid ef S poor V" Old P»ggto" for ever, she oonssntod te tot th m go. Broath- Isesly thry pasiod through the opening and down a narrow stairway . They oarrled lights and soon wero grouped in airmail, cellar roo&i.; At . ono "end ; there vtoy. ( wUs t eec-ined to bava boon a. bed, and on ft' lb tkololoD of a child of about eighteen mvathfl .eidf -batworot sigbt ofell, -in s heap, as .iraa'fallep, lay not far from tin font of tbeVatra. ' 0n: a bx, wbiob badoarvsd as a table/lay a roll of parohmvnt, whioh, with a g'aooe, tbey aaw. was a sort of journal; donbtleee poor Peggtoto;: if; this; weio indeed ehor Sorrowfully they made tbiir way baok to tbe roam wbero-.Polly aoxtoie'y wai'od their return. Tboy carried the diary with .fhiandrtbercat of tbe night was opent- io reading tbi ead record of suiforing and agony.: At first it spoko'of ibeTcomfort' it was to the writor'to -ba'viT writing material to pass the time with: Tbe tone ef the entriosday by day beoama moreanxfouo, and, ao food bogan to give oat, wero plti- ful in ,tbeixtrrihov£TlieVB£OBy 0f jjjj' fflotjter was shown in burning words, !as she watobod her darling- grow weaker and weaker.' The UaV eot'Y «<id«£ ' with. "To-dsy toBtrnday. Ob! my God V wbdre to my David ? Our child is otarvisg and oinuot live long. " I will onoe mora drag myself ap tbe otairs end look for tie spring, I fear. Itave not the slreoglh and will not reaob the top. Obi Gad! My hasbandl My child!" It was a vary Bad little £ar»y thtfYepar- atod thi next morning. Jsmes bad the pew .remains, aftor tbe/neoessar arqolry, buriid in a quiet little kirkyard, for poor P'KRtoto diary told of their 8«ffriogfor their ohuroh. Aa tbo atbtoots, with Jameo, followed tbe remains and hiard tho ooloihn service, It , wakened in their hearts that whioh ia tlmi developed ' Into a strong sod true love ot the Grrat Father. At tost poor "Old Peggie'1 and ijsr child h«d found rest. Tbe f elumbcrs of James and 'Polly were never more dis turbed by ghostly niis<s. They prospered, and the o'd plaoo was ero long made gay by merry ohildikh romp and obattor. fiat as years praoej sad tidiogs came moro and' more glowingly to tbe Old World of tU land of gold beyond itie oci; Jimos aod Polly mado ap ib-ir minds, to bravo, the hardships 'and' trials of early ooloaial 1 fe and oro a tbe ooa. This intention was oar. ried out, and their ohlldrrn now have obildron of Ihoic own, .who love to hear about " Old Peggie;' but,', atraihge1 as !li seems, thsy do nnt h»'iss iD'gboats. 