THE STRANGE PATE OP MERTON PRAYTHER. CHAPTER ] I-Continued. Had the old ship builder bees struck in the face by an uneeen hand he could not lure wiiichd more than he did under the question of the grain man. The crowd saw it, and with merciless glee cheered and jelled sad yawped, They had been anxions to do something tantallizing and were fearful that they would hare no opportunity, until the grain broker came to the rescue. Everyoce had heard of Frank Gardner's death and hie mother's marvellous premonition of his fate, and everyone was willing to jeer about it for the sake of worrying a manifestly proud ow ner about the future of his craft, ' Neverthe less not a few guyed him half heaitedly, for as a whole the crowd was by no means free from the beliefs and fears com-non among sailors; and later, when disaster did come to the ship, there were plenty of men who were able to say truthfully that they had probes - ied evil on the day she first appeared in Buff alo Creek. The Merlon Prajther was chartered to carry coal to Saginaw, when in the usual course she was to load lumber for Buffalo. After she was moored alongside the coal dock and her deck had been swept and every thing made snug the men were allowed to go down into the forecastle (located in the bows below deek) to get ready for cupper. They had heard something about Frank Gardner's death when taken out to Fayette and put on board the veBsel, and so the query of the grain-broker set them all talking as soon as the forecastle was reached. Sailors like a staunch ship and tak<9 pride in being aboard a new one on her first voyage; but this crew did serf; feel very comfortable over the proa* sect of a voyage in one that had had such ill luck. Ju*t what would have been the outcome of their talk about ghosts and ill-luck eanno bow be told, for, In the height of the argu ment, Sandy Mo ' onald, a brawny fellow and the most superstitious of the lot, while polis hing his red £aoe with a crash towel, suddenly dropped the towel, turned toward the scuttle and said, as if in answer to an order; 'Aye, aye, sir. All hands on deck.' The men grabbed their hata, and still growling, followed J?andy up the ladder. Filing out on deck, they looked about for Merlon Praytlier, who Sandy said had called them. But not a soul was in sight. Mo man besides Sandy had heard the suppo sed order, and in consequence a number of the rest were ready to chaf him by saying that the ghost talk had scared the wita out of him. Sandy resented this so vigourously that in a jiffy he and another man were thumping away at each other, hammer and tongs, in a re outer sailor brawl The noise of the fight brought Gaptain Dil lingham on deck, with old"tterton Prajther close behind him. The captain knew all the arts of a marine peacemaker, Marine peace makers are not ofjthe kind once called blessed. He picked a belaying pin from the rail and knocked both fighters down with it. Then he asked them blandly if there was anything else they wanted, and what they were fight ing about anyhow, Sandy replied: 'I heerd the owner call all hands, sir, and when we be to get on deck, not a soul was there -n sight, sir? But that bloke-' Never mind about him just now,' broke in - old Merton, hurriedly. I think we can pipe down now can't we, Gaptain Dillingham P' Then he added in a whisper to the captain, they'll want to leav* her before dark and we can save the four day's pay slick as grease.' Whatever may have been the old man's superstitions when the grain broker had unexpectedly taunted him about the ship being haunted he bad recovered his usual wits enough to see a chance to gain afew dol lars at the expense of the men, and was glad to take advantage of it. SMp*ownora eon* jeienom hunf ob gimbals when it comes to cheating sailors, a« a learned Judge cnce remarked. The men went belov fHH growling to themselves. Ten minutes Inter they were at the cabin scuttle, with their clothes-bags fully packed on the deck alongside. They wasted their pay for the time they had been aboard, although they had signed article* for & round trip to Saginaw, and were not entitled to any money under the law until the end of the trip. Captain Dillingham came upon deck and, with a great show of passion, ^ordered them into the forecastle. Thereat they fled over the rail to the pier, end the captain went below and told Merton Prayther about it in a way which delighted the old man, for the lose of the crew while the schooner was loading coal was a matter of no consequence, because the officers could do all the work that had to bedone. At the end of a week, when the vessel was loaded, Captain Dillingham got a tug and had the Mertcn Prayther towed to an anchorage outside the breakw. ter. Then he went ashore and brought off a crew in the same tug. A. wily crimp had persuaded tha sailors who were all more or less drunk, to sign blank skipping articles, and they did not know their destination until the tug was alongside the sehooner. Then it was too late to protest, for there were two active mates and an unusually active captain standing ready to see that mutinous arts and even ill mannered remarks were repressed with a pump-brake orany other handy elub. With out a moments delay the men were hustled to the windlass to get up anchor, while even the captain and lierton Prayther- who was, as usual, going to make the firet rovage with the new ship lent & hand in easting the stops off tiie sails. ft was brisk work the men had of it; and what with the perspiration and the fresh nor theaster that was blowing they got pretty well freed from the fumes of the bad whisky they had been drinking. From the windlass they jumped to the halliards, and within twenty minutes from the *im<? thev were tumbling over the rail they had set foretai!, were tripping the anchor, and the Mr-! n Prayther was drifting astern with her ?. hn hard a»port to oast her head to weitn *?'. The second mate was" standing at the wL. ei looking aloft at the little whisp of bunting at the main truck to see if she was a&swerieg; her helm. Captain Dillingham and the owner were in the starboard gangway also looking aloft, when the officer at the wheel said. 'Captain Dillingham, will you please reli eve the wheel f The captain stared at him. The officer was very pale, and plainly agitated. 'Are you sick ?' said the captain. *1 think I most be delirons, sir.* 'What s that ? What's that P* said the captain sharply. 'I beg pardon sir. I think-I mean-Fm sure I-Captain Dillingham, do you see any* thing above he-above-* He did not have a chance to finish the sen# tence. Old Merton Prayther saw the man meant to eay that something unusual was in sight above the eyes of the rigging on the main topmast, and roBhing aft he knocked the fellow across the deck. ' I here' he said* 'that's the medicine you need. That will cure hist, eh, Captain Dill ingham f It mil cur3 them all, eh ?. Som ebody's been tellen* of 'em that the Merton Prayther'e haunted j but if I hear any more about it I'll make the man that wags his jaw think the ghosts is devils, and he's in Top* het. ~ i fie was hot to hit somebody else new. The sailors had just set the jib and were eoming aftto eet the munfiaiL Two ef them happened to look at the topmast and then looked at each other, Prayther saw it, and in an instant served them a* he had the eMoadniNte* To tell ike troth, no better way than this to deal with superstitious of the men is known. It is heroic but effectual under or* dicuy circumstances, {or they f«tr the er«r present «rli of ~a horny flrfc mora than they do au intangible and physically painless ghost Captain Dillingham very cheerfully adopt* ed the owner's preecrip;i >n, aad the result was that during the ent ire \ o? age to Saginaw no man dar<.d ray hi* *oai was his own much lets mji g that any eoul not clothedia flesh was in sight. But when the ehip teuched the bulkhead of i he coalyari at Saginaw the man scarcely waited until the lines were around the spiles before they grabbed their dunnage and fled over the rail. Even the two mates refused to stay by the schooner; and ones on shore the tale that mates and men alike told of my« eterious sights and weird voices seen and heard on the TOJ age up, made sush a sensa tion as the Saginow eailor boarding houses had neve/ before known. For all this so far as anyone could see, Merlon Prayther cared but a tops yarn, until one day the vessel's agent mentioned the ster ies to him as something likely to make the shipping of a new crew well-nigh impossible. At that the old man turned, and with oaths seemed to scorch the air sworn ha'd carry that schooner into BuJfallo in spite af all Hie powers eternal, and that he'd get a crew just as soon as one was needed. Bnt he never did it. That night he sleot on board the schooner instead of at a hotel, as he had done hereto* fore, and very early nest morning was heard io go oat on deck. A little later Captain Dillingham, hearing a viforous pounding just forward of this cabin peered out through a window to see what was going on. To his astonishment he saw old Prayther sitting on the deck at work with mallet and chisel on a deck plank. Over come by his own superstitious fears, he was cutting cut the spot which had been stained with Fr .uk Gardner's blood- Pretty soon long ciip was split from the plank. Pick ing th t. up, the old man earned it to the star"' ,rd rail, tossed it into the water, t . the mallet and chisel alter it, and, . .ug around, crossed the deck with face t .utsr than ever Captain Dillingham had seen it. Reaching the port rail he olimbed to the dock and walked rapidly away. At 10 o'clock Captain Dillingham was notified that the Merton Prayther had been sold on private terms to a Saginaw man. CHASTER HL For what remained of the season after the old ship-builder had sold her the Merton Prayther had an uneventful career. She made one trip down to Buffalo, but that was a quick and profitable one. The next. spring the season opened early and it was unusually profitable to all vessel~ewners. She made money hand aver fist for fan: new owner; and her builder new all about it, of course, because the vessels which he stall owned were adding to his wealth has never before. I'he old man had by no means eeased to think about the vessel which was to have been the pride of his old age, and as time and prosperity gilded over the fears that had made him sell her, he more than onoe found himself wishing he could again count her among his fleet. With each trip that she made this desire increased, and he would in all probability eventually have gone to her owner and paid a big sum for her had not an accident-a lucky accident he thought-enabled him to get her for very much less than her value. Along in September the Merthon Pray her beating down Saginaw Bay in a fog, happened to arrive just about Sand Point at night and the mate, who was in of the deek, being stupified for want of sleep, failed to put her about In time, so that ah* wasse close nnder the lighthouse before the mistake was noticed that diewent aground. Sand Poiot was kwwn «g milor'f graveyard. A ship ashore there in these dkyi was counted as lost forever. Mertoa Frayther was In Saginaw vhen'the news of the disaster came, and at once went to the owner and in Iras than an hoar had boughs her where she lay. Then he took a steamer and went after her. The weather had been, and remained, quiet, and after a half day's work the Morton Praytherlwas once more afloat andjon her way to Buffalo, apparently as sound as ever. The report of the old man's lack made a sensation in marine circles when the steamer which had hauled her off the sand got back to 8agi*aw,|perticularly as the schooner got a favoring breeze within an hour after she was afloat, fome of the old lake-farers said that the grounding on Sand Point had changed her lack, ud that no more trouble from a haunting spirit was to be feared; bat others, among whom were the unfortunate crew of the vessel itself, shook their heads ominously at the thought that she was once more the property of her builder. In the afternoon following the day she was hauled off'Sand Point the Merton Frayther was seen passing Huron City at the foot of Lake Huron, with a northeast'gale booming her along at a speed which made the spectators stare in wonder. The next morning she was driving down past Detroit close in to the piers, and Merton Frayther was seen and recognised walking np and down tii« waist. But that wastheburt eeea or heard of the old builder, or of any mem ber of that crew-unless, indeed, the story of their fate be true as now told in Silver Creek, [Tmr END.] 