HI DINGS AT Tflg ME (•'LUIHi.VTE MONTHLY.”) CHAPTER II.-rcOXTIXEED.] Old Alan looked round upon his neighbours with the air of ono who had been magnanimous under cir 'cumsiunccs where magnanimity was .the last tiling to be expected. ' T!ie Tieverend Arthur turned to Sally, who, with Hashing eyes and Jtoimed revolver, still stood a! liay. covering Old Man in a manner which evidently caused that worthy a little Kiucnsiucss. •• I’m. it down. Sally—put: it down." he urged gently. "Them things has a ■way of truin' olT when folic ain't: used to 'em. You'd better be careful." " If it do go off." said Sally, with the cheerful directness i\«hieh was one of her most prominent characteristics, "you bet vottr boots. Old .Man. that it: .will hit somethin}!." Old Man looked uneasy, as he stood out from the group of his friends, and the torchlight shone on Sally's shining “ If it does go off. Sally," lie said pacifically, “ I reckon I slia’n't be able .to bet about anthiif. It bein' sorter cold an' unladylike to be out at: this time o' night, mebbeyou.d better sling home agin. You moot know as me an’ Ikey'll attend to the remains for friendship's sake." “ lkey will have enough to do. to at tend to his own remains.” retorted the wrathful .Sally, “as well as yours, if you don't stop this foolishness. Now. you just clear out. and get the right Mian—if you can see straight enough to ktiow him." 'This ungenerous allusion to a slight ’obliquity of vision on the part of Old Man touched him on the tenderest " Scein' as how you’re giftin’ real unladylike an* personal,” he said gently—" Scein’ as how you're giftin' real unladylike an’ personal, Sally an’ ai'ut: no consideration for the feelins of them as brought, von up, I ain't goin’ to have nothin’ more to do with .this yer business. I resign. I've bin a member of the Committee for over forty years, an’ now you comes an’ in sults my grey liairs.” Sally laughed recklessly. “ I meant your squint. Old Man, not your grey hairs. Kit, what ?” The •Reverend 'Arthur lmd again plucked at her sleeve. “Don’t bother tne I must, keep my eye on Old Man, or he'll lie trying to rush us. He's as trust worthy as a crocodile.” The loader of the .Yigilants came forward irresolutely. “If you wasn’t a parson -,” he began. Then lie stopped. “Promise to say nothin’ about this an’ we'll drop St.” : Tin* Reverend 'Arthur hesitated. “lle’il promise,” said Sally, cheer fully, “or if he won’t I’ll be answerable for him. Hadn't you better be off after .Take V" “That's it,” said Old Mail admir ingly. and inmiediatey sinking all questions as to his owu blood-thirsty proclivities. “ Scein’ as bow we've settled matters amikerably I don’t row, Parson, an’ we’ll go’ on with -‘Baptismal Regeneration ’ an’ smoke a pipe over it. Now, boys, scatter for the Bush an’ see if you kin git oil the trail of that skunk. I’ll take^tlie land crossed. flood night, Parson. It’s real Chilly, Sally. Your father, bein’ au official, couldn’t stop for the bangin'. You'd bet ter go home too an’ study up ou Hie importations you’ve cast on someone as shall be nameless, though, mebbe, cross-eyed or not cross-eyed, lie fciu see a deal furtlier'n you.” Sally nodded a gay good-niglit to the men as they filed through the narrow doorway of The store. Woman-like, she had not thought of the construc tion which the Reverend Arthur might put upon her intervention on bis behalf. Beneath Ihe anient glance of his shining eyes her own drooped as lie sought to possess himself of her band and iliank her. “ I’m goin' home,” she said abruptly. f‘Don't. you know better than to ex pect me lo stay here all night bilking “ Bui, Sally, if you hadn't cared for me." he began. Sally turned upon him witii rising and illogical indignation. “See here, is liiis anyway to bilk V Because I’ve been unladylike enough .to save your life.” she said, dropping the revolver on 1 lie ground, regardless of consequences, "you expect me hi be in love with you. Aren are always so ungrateful, so—so unreasonable." She gave a sniff .and began to cry Tli(.> Parson picked up llio revolver. “Tint's oiumerli. t?:illy. 1 don't menu •to distress you."’ lie said softly. What .cver my own faie may lie 1 sliall thinl; . only of yonr liaiipiness. Always re member that. Don’t you think it .would lie safer if I took ihe cartridges out of this revolver V Sally began to smile through her .tears, the rising ghost of laughter in 'lier eyes. “ X-n-no, I d-d-d-don'I.” she sobbed. “ ll-it-it wasn't M-l-loaded at all, and I w-w-w-w-'as afraid they'd f-f-liuil out I was blutiing them. Old Sian, who had lingered behind .the ollier.s in the doorway, came for ward reproachfully. “It's playin’ it low down on a man as has dandled you on his knee, to go an’ bluff him like that,” lie said ; “ but I’ll' forgive you, Sally, if you take liaelc wliat you said about my sijuiniin’. I'm Ihinkin’ of marrin' agin an’ it might git round. A cross-eyed man don’t, git no show now adays, specially with widders.” Sally held out lier band with a rip pling burst of laughter good to bear. “I take it all haelc, you bloodthirsty old monster,” she said merrily; “but if anything happens to him,” she looked at the Reverend Arthur, who turned red and white beneath her amused glance, “I'll bold you responsible;” and she fled into the night. Old Hail gazed after her with a sar castic glance. “ Seein’ as hmv she's a .woman,” lie said, “she ain’t account able, I’arson. she ain’t accountable. If you ain't sleepy you’d better come home with me an’-” But the Reverend Arthur bad Slipped through the doorway and dis appeared. Though a charitable man, even his charity had limits, and lie Was jn no mood to discuss theological points with one who had been clamor ing to hang him a few minutes ago. Old Han looked after him in an in jured way. “ An’ that’s the man as I’ve wrastlcd with on doctrine till lie's able to floor all them ‘Hill’ folk ! Why. ft’s disgustin’ ; that’s what it is, dis Sie ain’t got no more manners ’n a hog. trustin’ ! You’d expeck better style from a cattish, an’ not be disappointed neither.” 1 He cut himself an ample chaw of tobacco and wandered home through tile grim, grey dawn, brushing against jfche wet branches of the pine as they flung their resinous fragrance in his face. “ Thar ain’t no fun goin’ nowa Hays,” he. grumbled, disconsolately. *“ I Was most forgettln’ that fellow Sake.” His manner brightened. and he hurried down to the landing place on Mie chance of getlng a pot-shot at that ftbrthy, .bult in rain. The darkness ' 813 had mysteriously swallowed up Cliil voy .fake. Only ouee again was be to revisit the Four Corners—only once again : but then his (coining would be attended with the majesty and terror of the gaunt king whoso name is Death, and who speaks not, neither makelh any sign, but breathes upon us for a litiie spare, until we beeoiue as the leaves whirling before the blast, and are blown and driven hither and thither from out of the band of Life into the Valley of Darkness and De spair, and whence Man cometli not until the sound of the Last Trump shall call the sheeted dead from out the tomb. 