A Stage Refrikjion. oruriF.n xr. But now tho glare of light and out ward. influonoo, aud nood for storn con trol, woro gorio,' tho reality oamo buck, and Edith Oastloton stolo up to tho night nursery whoro hor child slopt, nlono na yot, for tho nurso was down- fitnirs, and lioro at lonst alio could ho solitary, alono, alonn— tho ono cry of tho proud, stormy, broken spirit, striv ing to hido and crush its misory under tho gloom of night and darkness. Tho very lamplight was lmtoful to hor. Thoro sho sat, hor ghastly fnco hiddon in tho corpso-liko hands, and ns tho /shades of tho doad rose up, grim and torriblo, round Ulyssos, so tho shad os of tho lost and doad pnst gathorod round tho misorahlo woman, thick and ghastly and doomod. ' Like a too vivid droain, hor wholo mistaken lifo pnssad boforo hor, from lioy ohildhood to lior mnrriago, from hor maringo to that night. Did sho try and docoivo horsolf, to porsundo horsolf. that in nil sho hnd boon right ? No ; liors wns tho otrong, storn mind that odhnot docoivo itself, and boldly faoos itsolf, whothor for right or wrong. : Sho had oinnod at tho outsot in suffering horsolf — no matter for what reason, no mattor how young — to bo forced into a marriage with ono man whon hor hoart wns another's. Had sho boon porfoctly right in sotting horsolf from tho first ngainst hor husbnnd, and taking his sou's part ngainst him? Was hor first duty to him or hor child ? Sho carod not. Sho had casthohind hor nil question of right and wrong, and followod tho path hor will dictatod, noting a part, and dosporatoly clinging, reckless of nil olso, to tho only thing sho darad to lovo, struggling to for got tho ono it wns sin to romomhor. Honvon help hor 1 Sho hnd strugglod ns only the strong can battle and suffer, nnd now ho suddunly crossod hor path. Sho must moot him, porhaps, continu ally ; maintain calm, cool indifforonoo, livo that torriblo ovoning ovor oon- Btnntly. Hor mind, 1 almost numhod with sufforing, nwolco to the full horror of hor position, nnd elio dropped hor hands, and lookod round as if tho grim phantom of hor misory wns visible be fore hor straining gnzo. How that nursery had changed sinoo yostordny 1 How strange, and now, nnd mooking ovory iuanimafo thing lookod. Tho fire had sunk down, rod nnd glowing, onsting tho broad black shadows of tho bars on tho opposito wall, and tho ohairs nud tabloB, tho little hod, nnd toll oaken wnrdrabo, woro almost lost in tho gloom behind thorn. Tho clock ticlcod with unbearable monotony, tho silonco grow nnd swollod round hor into something vast, and full of indofinnblo drond; stillnoss ho- oamo intolerable ; dull torturo sud denly gnvo plnco to wild, rostloss, maddening ngony, thnt forcod hor, by a powor strongor tlinn horsolf, to pnoo to ami fro, to nnd fro, as if a curso wns upon hor that compollod hor to movo. If Guy hnd entorod tlion, sho could lmvo stnbhod him. If Leicester hud stood thoro and summonod hor away, sho would nlmost have gono, with lovo and hntrod surging in hor broken hoart; with -fierce passions, whoso strongth she hnd novor fully known till now. raging in hor vory soul; with tho awful sonso of guilt, nnd shnmo, nnd wrong thnt soomod to bronk down hor vory womanhood. Oastleton's unfortunato wifo pncod to nnd fro — a haggard, ghnstly thing of despair — tho moro ghost of tho beautiful woman tho world know. Tho littlo child movod slightly, nnd, with gleaming oyoB, tho mothorpuusod nnd bont ovor it. No lovo or pity for it now — for no caross was that slondor hand uplifted. Tho doath-liko fnco might havo boon that of a midnight assassin, for its look of ruthless des truction. To destroy, uttorly destroy, anything that belonged to hor hus band, was all hor impulso in that foar- ful dark moment. What if sho had given it lifo ? It was his child ns woll. Tho door oponod quiotly, nnd Alan stolo softly in, but ho pnusod as ho saw her fnco. ' Mothor !' ho said, in a low, startled tone. Sho turned, snw him, nnd foil at his feet, with Buoh n cry as ho hnd novor heard boforo, and novor could again. ' Alan, I lovod that man as woman seldom loves. Why wns ho horo to night ? How can I boar it.? How can I boar it? Oh, that I woro dead, .- and out of ray misery!' sho snid, Springing wildly to hor foot. 1 Mother, darling mothor! Hush !' whispered Alan, clasping his arms \- round hor, and drawing hor to a sofa. Yos,"iot nio hido my shnmoful hond,' sho said, hiding hor faco against his broast, as if it wns a guilty thing; ' for you aro tho only boiug I dnro to lovo !' Alan dared not whispor ' Your own ohild,' for ho romoinborod hor faoo with a shuddor. Ho only soothod hor iu silonco — tho gontlo touch of his hand on hor hair, .of his lips on hor brow — that wns all, nnd gradually tho' shivering form ho hold grow, moro, calm, nnd lay still within his arms, till at last sho lifted iior faoo, so; olmngod by tho fiorco ngony sho hnd; gono through, so awful iu its haggard; ghastlinoss, that Alan started. i ' Mothor, mothor,' ho snid, hurriodly,; 'for Heaven's sake don't look like; thnt! If my fathor boos you, it will, ho torriblo. It will bronk up oven tho shadow of a homo that isdoft. .For- your own name's snko — for my snko, mothor, rocovor yourself.' Sho mado no answer savo to lay hor faoo against him liko a weary child, and So remain porfoctly still for a long timq. Sho lifted it at laBt, and said, in a low, hollow voico — ' Years ago I told you you should know my story. Will you hoar it now, to-night ?' 'Dear mothor, you will' try . your powers too far.' ' Hush ; : It must ho now while tho wound is opon, or novor. I must toll it shortly,' or I shall fnil. You know "alrondy that I wns born to wealth, and that wo lived mostly in Paris, my mothor's nntivo city. My fathor — Mr Hastings — was both a . dissipated and a spooulntivo man, and for years boforo the crash camo he was much involvod — so inuoh so that ho know he would leave nothing. He hnd the sonso to givomo a profession, and as I hnd a fino voioo ho placed mo under a 'good mnstor, and at, fourteen sent mo ; to tho Oonsorvntoiro under nn assumed name, hooping soorot his intentions about mo from all but my mother, nnd itnysolf. Alan, in Paris, in society, iwhon I wns botwnon sixteen and sovontoon, I mot Dudloy Leicester.' Sho pausod to gather hor strength, and thon went on hurriodly : ' After what you hnve soon to-night oit will wondor to hoar that' no word of lovo ovor pnssod botwoen us, yet I .know thnt ho lovod mo, nnd I know :too woll that I loved him, girl ub I was. Ono ovoning at a soiree I sang that song "Una voce."; It was tho ,lnst time I saw him till to-night. Two (lays nftor camo tho crash. Mr. Hast ings had run his tothor, and to avoid 'arrest had to lonvo Paris precipitately for a small town in tho south of Eranoo, whithor my mothor and my- solf followed him dirootly, for his '.creditors soizod ovorything. That crash carao on tho 12th of August, ro momhor, and shortly after our arrival >n tho South, I hoard that Loicostor had gono to London, and sailed im mediately for India, i '0 Alan, what could I think ? Had I boon mistakon, dooeivod by my- feolf or by him — nftor all, ho had novor spokon, novor made n sign — or was ho feo fnUo ? Everything oamo at onoo, and crnshod mo. My mothor — novor yory strong,, gavo way hononth tho sitddqn fall to povorty— -mind, actual poverty — so that I wns glad to toaoh singing nnd English in tho- families round, and at ono ohatoau I motyour fathor.- Woll, ho sought mo out, and I was so .tnnny years his junior, my jvholo boing was "so numbod, that I wns off my guard ; in .truth, I did not ovon dronra that I was tho attraotion. and I was uttorly stnrtlod when, in loss than a month, ho nskod my fnther for my hand. I rofusod him flatly, and told him vohomontly. that I novor could lovo him. Ho answered in his grave way that ho did not ask that and would not yot ncoopt my refusal — q wook lionco ho would call again. Oil, thnt horriblo wook! My strongth,' my hrnin roelod hononth my miBory, and thoy soizod tho ndvnntngo, for Mr. Hastings took it in hand, to soli nio for gold. My dear mother was dying for want of nlmost uocossnrios ; lily fathor spoko of Leicester's falso- noss. Ho had writton to Mr. Hastings, it soomod, nslting permission to nd- dross mo boforo tho fniluro, and my fathor hnd rofusod him — ho was not rich onough.' . ' If ho was a man ho should' lmvo soon you,' oxolnimod Alan. 'Hush! lionr tho ond. My fathor mndo him boliovo that I was engaged. Ho had learned, too, that I wns no hoiross — only to ho a oonoort Bingor — and ho wont. So in thnt wretched wook my fathor drovo nnd forood mo on to savo my mothor. Woll, woll, I was mad, lirokou down, nnd in ono wook from tho day ho camo again, I was his wifo.' ' But, mothor, thnt villain was fnlBO — unworthy of your noblo hoart.' _ Sho covorqd hor faoo from his sight. ' 0 Alan ! 0 Alan ! ho was not falso, or how could my guilty lionrt still romombor its lovo ? I boliovod it thon, hut after my fnthor's denth I found among his pnpors tho letter Dudloy had writton him. Alan, it wns dntod tho 13th August, tho day nftor my fathor was known to he a ruinod man. I had boon doooivod — it wns I who had boon false, not ho. Alan, can you wonder thnt my wholo nnturo was turned to gnll — that tho iron on- torod my soul, and lio must doom mo a honrtloss flirt, who throw him asido for a moroonnry mnrriago ? It should bo nothing to mo what another man holds Onstloton's wifo; but, 0 Ainu, do not despiso mo for a guilty wifo. I lovod him iu my innooont girlhood, and I cannot root its memory out. Hoavoa knows I hnvo triod, hut tho powor is gono. In misory and heavy sorrow, iu wrong nnd sin, tho dio was cast tivolvo yonrs ago, and it is too lato now.' ' It cannot, shall not, bo too Into !' snid Alan, bonding ovor hor with in expressibly pitying toudornoss. ' My own darling mothor, you must nervo yoursolf to onduro it, or worso will como. Can you do it ?' ' Yos,' snid Edith Oastloton, putting both hor hands in his, and thoy felt: liko tho touch of a drownod corpse. ' For your sako and niino I can. Cost what it may, you can trust rao, Tho first bnttlo is tho fiorooat to win. And it is won.' "YVaait quito won? Is that which is; wrong in the, casting reoast without tho fiory furnace ? ' fTo be eontinued.J 