SONS OF FIRE BY MISS BRADDOX. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. I CHAPTER XIX.— (Continued). " 'It was a third room, quite at the ' back of the substantial Georgian bouse; ; there was scant space for my restlessness ' between the old souare niano. which served ; as a sideboard, and the fireplace by which my dear old Martha sat looking nt roe with a perturbed countenance. "I began to think I had let myself in for a bad thing. What, was I to do with this girl, whose fate I had in some measure taken into my hands It had seemed easy enough to bring lier to this quiet .shelter, : which she might leave in a week or so, braced up and ready to fight her battle of : life — the hattlo we all have to fight, some- ; how — a self-supporting young woman. ! Self-supporting; that was the point. 1 now ! remembered with terror that there is a large class of persons upon this earth whom not even the scourge of poverty can make self-supporting; a vast multitude of feeble souls, who resign themselves from the be ginning of things to drift upon the stream of life, and arc never known to strike out and sv.'irn for any shore, and so drift down to tho ocean of death. Of those are the poor relations for whom something is for over being done, and who never do any thing for themselves; of these the feeble scions of patrician family trees, who are al ways waiting for sinecures under Govern ment. "God help her, poor soul, if she was one of these invertebrates: and God help me in my responsibility towards her. "I was an only son; the heir to a small estate in Suffolk, and an income of sonic- thing under three thousand a year. 1 was not quite twenty years of age, and I had to maintain myself at the most expensive col lege in Cambridge on an allowance that, many of the rich young men with whom I associated would have considered abject penury. I was not in a fast. yet. 1 did not hunt — indeed, with my modest income, hunting would have been impossible; but I was not without tastes which absorbed money; tho love of choice books and fine engravings, the fancy for curios picked up here and there, the presence of which gave interest to my rooms, and, perhaps, helped to reconcile me to many long hours within closed doors. I had hitherto been most, careful to live within my income, for I knew that it was as much as my mother could afford to give mo, taking into con sideration her devotion to the estate which was to be mine hy-and-by, and the main- been to her as a religion. Her model cot tages, her home-farm, the village church, to whose every improvement, her purse had largely contributed; these wore the sources of expenditure which kept her compara tively poor, and which forbade any extra vagance on my part. "All these facts were in my mind that afternoon as 1 paced tho narrow bounds of old Martha's sit.t ingroom. " 'She. will have to gel her living,' 1 said severely, as the result of those meditations, which showed mc no margin for philan thropy. "Had my mother been as some men's mothers, I might naturally have contem plated shifting tho burden upon her should ers. C might have told her Esncratma's story, and handed Esperanza over to her care as freely as if I had picked up a stray eat or dog. But mv mother was not. one of those soft, impressionable women, who aro always ready to give the reins to senti ment.. She was a good woman, and devoted much of her life and means to doing good, but her benevolence was restricted to the limits of her own parish. She. would hard ly listen In a talc of sorrow outside her own village. " 4 We have so much to do for our own people. George,' she used to tell ine; 'it. is folly to be distracted by outside claims. Here we know our return for every shil ling we give. Wo know tho best and the wo rat about, those we help.' "Were 1 to toll her Esporanza's story, her suggestion? for helping mc out of my difficulty would be crueller than old Mar tha's. She would he for sending the girl into service as a housemaid, or for getting her an assisted passage to the Antipodes on an- emigrant ship. Martha came to my rescue in my trouble now as she had done many a time when I wore a kilt, and when my naked knees had come in abrupt collision with a gravel path or a stony beach. "She'll have to be older and wiser before she gets her own living, Mr. George,' said Martha; 'but don't trouble about her. As long as I've a bed or a sofa to spare, she can stop with mo aud Benjamin. Her bite and sup won't hurt us. poor thing, and I don't want sixpence from you. She shall stop here free gratis, Mr. George, till she finds a better home.' "I gave my old nurse a hug as if I had been still the boy in the Macdougal kilt." No, no, Martha; I'm not going to im pose on your generosity. 1 shall lie able to pay you something. Only I thought you might, want two nr three pounds a week for her board, and I could not manage (hat for an Indefinite period.' " ' Two or three pounds! Lor, Dir. George, if that's your notion of prices, Cambridge landladies must be 'arples; Why, I only got two guineas for my draw- Ingroom floor, as a permanency, and ludy- tenants even begrudge half-a-crowu extra for kitchen fire. Let. her slop here as long us she likes, Mr. George, and never you think about money. It's only liar future I'm thinking of, for there's a helplessness about her that Ah! there she is,' as the hall door slowly opened. 'I gave her my key. She's quite one of us already.' "She came quietly into the room and took my proffered hand without shyness or em barrassment. She was pale still, but the fresh air had brought a faint tint of rono into the pallid chocks. She looked even younger and more child-like to-day in her shabby morning frock and poor little black straw hat than she had looked the night before last. Her strong emotion then had given more of womanliness to the small oval face. To- day there was a simplicity In her aspect, as of a trusting child who took no thought of the future, secure in the kindness of those about her. "I thought of a sentence in the gospel — 'Consider the lilies how lliey grow.' This child had grown up like a lily in the mild atmosphere of domestic love, and had been the easy dupe of a delusion which appealed to her affection for the dead. " 'I called to sec if you were quite com fortable and at home with Mrs. Blake,' I said, far more embarrassed by the situa tion than Esperanza was. " 'Y'es, indeed 1 am,' she answered, in her sad, sweet voice. 'It is so nice to bo with someone so kind and clean and comfortable. The Frau was not very unkind; luit she was so dirty. She gave us such horrid things to eat — the smell of them mane mc ill — and then she said I was affected and silly, and the Ilorr used to say I might starve 'if J could riot eat their food. It made mo think of my happy homo with father, and our cosy little tea-table beside the fire. We did not always have dinner,' she added naively; 'neither of us cared much ior that.' "Eho hung over old Martha's shoulder with affectionate familiarity, and the horny old hand which had led my infant steps was held up to clasp hers, aud the wither ed old face smiled. " 'See how she gets round us,' said Martha, nodding at me, 'Benjamin is just as bad. And you should hear her play tho 'armonian of an evening, and sing "Abide with me." You'd hardly hear her without shedding tears.' " 'Do you think you can be happy hero for a few weeks?' I asked. " 'Yes, as happy as 1 can be anywhero without father. 1 dreamt of him last night -—such vivid dreams. 1 heard his voire close besido my pillow calling my nime. I know bis spirit was in the room. It isn't because the Herr and his wife wore cheats that there is no link between the living and the dead. 1 know (here is a aim, she in sisted passionately, her eyes brimming with sudden tears. 'They arc not (lend— those wo dearly love — only removed from us. The clay is gone; the soul is hovering near, blessing, comforting us.' "She sobbed out. her grief, hiding her face upon Martha's substantial shoulder. I could speak no word of consolation; nor would I for worlds have argued .against this fond hallucination, the dream of sorrowing love. " 'I shall not see thee. Dare T say No spirit ever brake the band That stays him from the native land. In which he walk'd when clasp'i in clay? No visual shade of someone lost. But he, the Spirit himself, may come YVhere all the nerve of sense is numb- Spirit to Spirit, Ghost to Ghost,' "I quoted those lovely lines in a low voice as 1 walked softly up and down tho darkening room; and then there was si lence stive for soothing wordless murmurs from Martha, such murmurs as had served to hush my own baby sorrows. " 'There's the kettle just on the boil,' cried the good soul, cheerily, when Espe- ranza's sobs had' ceased; 'and I know Mr. George must be wanting his cup of tea.' "She rose and bustled about in her dear old active way. She lit a lamp — an inar tistic, cheap parailin-larap, but the light was cheerful. The tea-t.ihie arranged by Martha was Lhe picture of neatness. She :»et Esperanza the feminine task of making toast. Tho poor child had the prettiest air of penitence as she kissed Martha's hand, and then knelt meekly down, with the fire- glow crimsoning the alabaster face and neck, nnd shining on Lhe pale gold hair and rusty black frock. " 'I'm afraid Fin very troublesome,' she said, apologetically; 'but, indeed, I'm very grateful to you, sir, for taking care of mo that dreadful night., and to dear Mrs. Blake for all her kindness to me.' " 'Mrs. Blake is the quintessence of kind ness. I am very glad to think you can live happily here until she or I can find some nice situation for you.' "Sho had been smiling softly over her task, but her' face clouded in an instant. " 'A situation. That's what everybody said at. Benbery! YYre must find her a situa tion. And then Miss Griinshnwe wanted mo to ho a dressmaker.' " 'You shall not be a dressmaker. I promise that.' "'But, oh, what am I to he? I don't know half enough for a governess. I couldn't teach big girls German and French, and drawing. 1 couldn't teach lit tle boys Latin. And that's what everybody wants of a governess. I've read the ad vertisements in the newspapers. " 'And as to being a nursery governor, why. it's negro slavery!' said Martha. " 1 wouldn't mind the drudgery, only I hate children!' said Esperanza. "This avowal shocked me. I looked at tho soft., childlike countenance, and tho speech seemed incongruous. " 'J have, never had anything to do with children since my sister Lucy died,' she explained. 'I shouldn't understand thorn, and they would laugh at me and my fan cies. After Lucy's death I lived alono with father, always alone, he and I. The harmonium ami (ho organ in ihc church close by were our only friends. Our clergy man was just civil to father, but I don't think ho ever liked him. 1 hoard him once tell someone that his organist was nn ' eccentricity. An eccentricity! That was all he could say about, my father, who waa ever so much cleverer than he.' "She said this with pride, almost with de fiance, looking me in the face as if she were challenging me to dispute the fact. " 'Was your father very clever?' I asked her. keenly interested in any glimpses of her history. " 'Ye.-. I am sure ho was clever, much ' cleverer than the common run of people, lie loved music, and he played beautifully. His touch upon the oh! organ made the church mush: sound angelic. Now and then there was someone in the church — some stranger — who seemed to understand his ' playing, nnd who was astonished to find :;uch .mi organic! in a village church — an oiiL-ofi-t hc-w;iy village like ours. But for t.he most part people took no notice. .Ic fhoir sang well or badly; but when they sang false it hurt, father just like bodily pain.' " 'Did he teach you io play?' " A little. But lie wasn't fond of teach ing. What I know of music I found out chiefly for myself — just sitting alone at the-' organ, when 1 could get one of the choir boys to blow for me, touching the keys, and trying the stops, till I learnt, some thing about them. But. I play very badly.' " 'Beam ifully! beautifully!' cjaculaLed Martha. 'You draw tears.' " 'You sang in the choir, I think?' I said. " 'Y'es; there were four young ladies, and a lady's maid with a contralto voice, and I was the sixth. There were about a dozen men and hoys who sal on the other side of the chancel. People said it was a nood choir for a village church. Father was so ; unhappy when, we sang badly, that wo : could not help trying to sing weil.' "i remembered those seraphic notes in Handel'.; thrilling melody, and 1 could un derstand that, at least one voice in tho choir had tho heavenly ring. " 'Wr!!,' 1 snid nt last, 'we must hope for tho host.. Something may turn up that will suit you better than governessing. And in the meantime you can make yoursc-if happy with my old nurse. I can answer for it she'll never bo unkind to you.' " 'I'm sure of that. I would rather stay here arid be her servant thau go among strangers.' " 'YYhat, wear an apron and a cap, and wait, upon the lodgers?' I said, laughing at the abotirdity of the idea. She neetned a creature so far removed from the useful race of neat-handed T'hilllses. " 'f should not mind.' "The clock in the hall struck 6, and I had promised Gerald to be ready for dinner at half-past, as we wore to go to a theatre afterwards — the Adelphi. where Jefferson was acting 'Rip Van Winkle.' I had to take a hurried leave. " 'Don't you worry yourself about her. Mr. George/ naid Martha, as sho lec mo out at the street door. 'I'll keep her as long as ever you like.' "1 told Martha ilia! I should send her a' little money from time to time, and that I should consider myself in her debt for a pound a week as long as Miss Campbell stayed with her." " 'She'll want a new frock, won't she?' I asked. 'The one she wears looks very .shabby.' " Hi. looks what it is, Mr. George. It's all but threadbare, and it's the only frock she has in the world, poor child! But don't you trouble about, that either. You gave me two sovereigns. One of these vnl buy Um stuff, nnd rhe and I can make the frock. I've cut out. plenty of frocks in ray day. I used to make all your mother's frocks once upon a time.' "She had nursed my mother in the bloom of her youth; she had nursed me in her sturdy middle life; and now in her old age she was willing to care for (his girl for whose fate I had made myself responsible. "Gerald received ine with his customary cheeriness, though 1 was 10 minutes after tho half-hour, and the fried sole had frizzled itself to dryness by that delay. " 'J'vo some good news for you!' he ex claimed, in his exuberant way. 'it's all right.' " 'What's all right?' " 'Y'our protegee. I've written to the parson at Bo-bury. Tho story sho told us was gospel truth.' t " '1 never thought, lt was anything else. " 'Ah, that's because you're over head and cars in love with her,' said Gerald. "1 felt myself blushing furiously, blush ing like a girl whose secret, tenderness stands revcali-d. Of course I protested tluu nothing was further from my thoughts than love; that i was onlv sorry for the girl s ' loneliness and helplessness. Gerald obvious ly doubted me, and 1 had to listen to h.s sago counsel on the subject. Ho was my senior by tnvo years, and claimed to b a. man of the world, while I had been brougiit up at. my mother's apron string. He f saw dangers of which 1 had no apprehen sion. . . " 'There is nothing easier lo drop into than an entanglement of tluu sort,' he said. 'You had much better fall in love witn ;L ballet, girl. It. may be more expensive tor the momcu', but it won't compromise future.' "His arguments had no effect, upon in> conduct in Hm few remaining days of Lie long vacation, i went to Osmond-street a second and a thiol time during those lew davs. I took Esperanza to an afternoon concert at the St. James's-hall. and en joyed her ocstacv as she listened to Sainton and Botf-sini. With her, music waa a mission, and i believe she sat beside me ut terly unconscious of my existence, with a soul lifted above earth uad ail earthly feol- ings. (To be continued.) 