TEG TOBACCO INDUSTRY. SAYS the Courier:-The bulk of the tobacco grown in Queensland is planted in the War wick aud Killaroey districts, and it is esti mated that this year's crop rums to ubaut 350 tons of leaf. Unfortunately the whole of this crop still remains unpurchased by the manu facturers. Some of the Brisbane factories have been sounded with a view to cliuiting eoino explanation. We give the following as the views of the gentlemen interviewed by our representative on the subjcct:-It wouM (Appear a joint purchase secured some 100 ions, or £7000 worth, from Texas, while in the vicinity of that district there is under iroaiy about .£2500 worth. The prico paid for the Texas tobacco, 7&d; per lb., is considered " tip top" price, but it 2b claimed that this loaf is at present the best leaf grown ill Aus tralia, and it ts believed that the whole of it can be used as wrapper leaf. The abstention from the purchase of the Warwick and Kil laroey crop this year ia slated to be due priu cipally to the fact that the manufacturers do not require it; that is to say, that they have sufficient in hand, together with their recent purchases, to make their output ample to meet present demands* The belief is ex pressed that the crop will eventually be worked off, but that, the growers must he willing to accept a price in the long run which, with the decreasing stock in the hands of the manufacturers, will justify theui in making the purchase. The manufacturers complaiu that the excise duty on colonial grown leaf came ton soon, and is too heavy in comparison with the duty on the imported manufactured tobacco. Iv is argued that the difficulties of overcoming the prejudices of smnkers ugainsL what is comparatively a new class of tobacco-that grown in the colony is a matter requiring considerable time, and that tUcteoloaial article is not y«t sufficiently popular to staud against the imported manu factured tobacco; while, when it ib sought to produce a mixture of imported and colonial grown leaf, the oxcisc renders the manufac turers unable to produce the article at a sulfi* cieutly low rate to oust the imported niAnu» factured tobacco. One mauuhcturer esti* mates that (he output of colonial tobacco has decreased this year to the extent of some 30 per cent., and it'is pointed out that despite the iucroased duty put on imported manufac* tured tobacco the quantity imported went up by 18,0001b. for the period from the 1st August, 1894, to the 30th June, 1895, as coin pared with the imports from the 1st August, 1893, to the 30th June, 1894. Outside oi the Warwick aud Killarnev crons thorp. Am snmn 300 toue ot leaf available. It is claimed, as an essential for successful competition with the imported article, and irrespective of the question of duty, that the tobacco grown in Queensland must be worthy of the oppor tunities afforded by Boil aud climate. One manufacturer expressed himself in very san guino terms on the future of the colony as a large tobacco producing country ; but stipu lated that before such could be the ease some practical experts from the American plauta* lions would require to be brought to the colony iu order that the farmers might be I thoroughly instructed in the many little I things of which it ie necessary to have a knowledge in order not only that a fraf likely to compete with the imported might be grown, but also that it might be cured and stored bo as to render it attractive to the buyer. _________ A Liukl ACTIOS*.-The Sydney Daily Ttlc tfraph, having libelled the lion. EUeneser Viekery, M.L C., who was charged with endcuvouriug to raise the Kiama ghost in con nectiou with the N.J5.W. election*, has had to pay over £100 to the Sydney charities, and apologise, iu order to uvoid uu action {or defamation. Advior TO Moriir.us!-An* you brokon in your rest by si siok child suffering with of cutting teeth? (Jo tit onoe ton chemist nnd got n bottle of Mrs. Window's Soothing Syrup. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is per fectly harmless and pleasant to taste, it produces natural, quiet bleep, by relieving the \ihihl from tmin, mid the little cherub awakes41 as bright hh a mtton." It soothes the child, it Hoftons thsguins, allays the relieves wind, regulntoa the bowels, aud is the host known remedy for dysentery and diarrhain, whether arising from teething or other abuses Mr#, Winslow'H Bojchiug Syrup is sold by Medicine dcalors every jvhoro at 1a lid per bottle. 