CHALTEIl IV. TIIE FA.M SELItf.V A.KD UKR FA.TUKR. I The sun had not yet peeped o»'er the rocky environs of l'etra, when' Nour eddin was aroused from a deep reverie into whioh he had fallen, by the un ceremonious entrance of two eunuchs, .rho informed him that the king awaited his presence. Tim y.iuth hid already performed his morning nblu-' tions. and he immediately followed the messenger from the appartment. The king received him in the tame room*an before, and ns the youth entered, there was a troubled look upon the Monarch'* brow. ' Yon are up betimes,' remarked Modad, as the young man made his obeisance. ' L i ttlceieep ru fflcaa me, you r ma jes ;y,' replied Nourcddin. The king drew his hand nervou<ly across hiB brow, as the youth's voics fell upon bis car, and with an anxious look, lie gazed into the young man's features. Nourcddin noticed his Mon arch's manner, and though be w»s surprised at it, yet hi betrayed not his feelings, but with a firm, steady gaze be awaited hie instructions. 1 h; cun; c'u were d:smisBed, and with the exception of the two uiutes, 1 he king and his subject were left nlone. ' Do you know the intricacies of the mountain path to the eastward ? ' asked the king. ' Yes,' returned Nourcddin. ' Then your services will be invalu able in this business I have in hand.' Modad then went on and explained to the young man the duly required of him. The account was the same in its aspects as that of the JSgrplian eunuch, but from the king's lips the affair bore an entirely different coloring of detail, it being made to appear that the gold and jewels were for the payment of a debt Jong standing, and that the maiden, who j was to go under his protection, wan the affianced bride of the Khaibsrite king. 1 . Yel,'said Noureddin, ns the king , closed, ' I «ee not why some of your s experienced officers might not perform ! i tliis uiiesiuu much better thau myself.' ? I hare no officer whom I can truBt, that is at all acquainted with the moun lain passes, and I dare not send the Kjtn'pincnfc over tiio desert. I have heard of your dexterity nnd address, and if you perform thin mission satis I actorilv, you shall receive a high Nation as your reward, for I desire to gather around me all the most deserving nf illy subject*.' Tlic king half averted liix face from tho steady giize of his young auditor ?luring (liu latter part of his remark, and Noureddin instantly paw the cowardly disposition with which he had to deal. He iv.ir innrc than ever confirmed in I)ib belief of the eunuchstatement, and lie knew, also, that there was no use in questioning Mod ad further, for the Monarch could give no clear reason for this extraordinary choice of an ain-1 bassador, and our hero had no desire ; to excite liis suspicions as to his own designs and feelings. The king placed in Noureddin's hand the letters that were to be de livered to the neighboring monarch, and as the young man placed them within the folds of his shirt, Modad said : ' I believe you have now your full instructions. I desire that you will keep along the western pass of the Madjaz, and follow the foot of the mountain as far as possible, which T suppose may be kept until within a few leagues of lChnibar. The maiden whom you are to protect is of a timid nature, and she desires that she may see no one but her attendants, so, of course, you will not intrude upon her oivacy. She will be under the immediate attendance of ten of my most trusty eu nuchs, and you will not interfere\vith their guardianship. Your retinue is al ready drawn up outside of tho city, and t*o of my slaves who are to accompany yon, will direct you to the sp it.' A slight curl of disd ? in rested upon the lips of the youth as the king ceased speaking, for the whole plan was so glaringly inconsistent with the na< ure of the professed embassy, that Noureddin could not help seeing it. Frequently did the king have occasion to send off a retinue of slaves on various errands, of the nature of which the people were ignorant; but it was something unheard-of for such a busi ness as the present to be left in the hands of menials A curious equip ment, thought Noureddin, for the negotiation of peace between two kingdoms! He kept his counsel to himself, however, and readily followed the two attendants uho had been sum moned to conduct him away, but before he wen!:, he failed not to notice the fiend-like exultation that dwelt upon the icing's countenance. While Noureddin followed his con ductors out of the citv, let us look at the dwelling of Al>Basen, the king's counsellor. In asumptuous apartment, hung with crimson drapery, and orna mented by elaborately polished mirrors, reclined the form of ti fair and beautiful n> liden, while by her side et od in old man, d iwn whoso furrowed checks the traces of tears were still visible. About the countenance of Al-lUssa there was nothing that could indicate the ha-sh or unfeeling man, but there was 4 sort of limiditt'-a. himl of womanish fear, that ill*accorded with his reputed wisdom. People often wondered that so timid a m m should be retained as the king's counsellor, but they knew not how' his very timi dity made him the more acceptable tool ia the hands of Modad, Selina raised her eyes to her father's face, and cast upon liim such an agon izing, imploring look, that he turned away to hide his emotions. She was beautiful, transcendently beautiful her eyes were large, soft, and lustrous, her features almost heavenly in their expression, and her form like the airv gazelle in it grateful turnings j but, alas! her beauty liad been the cause of the first sorrow that dimmed the bright sunshine of her joyous youth. Boljaz. king of Khaibar, had seen her, and in his heart be bad determined to possess her. Already had he caune of offence against Modad, and ns soon as he became aware of the king's character, he had threatened a war against Petra, nnd the reader is aware how Modid had arranged to compromise. * Oh, would that the sun hnd blighted me at my birth, ere I should lnve come to this! ' murmured the fair girl, as she pressed her hands against her throbbing temples. ' Be calm, my daughter/ urged the old man, while he struggled hard to keep down the feelings of the parent. ' Boljaz will enrely love you^and treat you with all kindness.' 'And I to be big slave!' bitterly cried Selina, gazing up into ber father's face-'his boughten slave-his mere bauble, to pinrer to bis app'tite for a | time, nnd then be oii>t uff like a beast! Ob, God I what misery has fate kept! in store tor me!1 Al-Uissa laid his trembling hand npon his daughter's head, and brushing away the tear* that started forth from his aged eyes, he said : ' Remember, my child, you save your father's life.' ' Hut why, why-tell me why this is required ? ' cieluiined Selina, forgetting for tho moment her deep anguish, in the eagerness to Irnrn the cause of such st anse procedure. ' I freely give myself (o save my father, but how can the king have your life in bis hands ? ' _ ' Ah, my child, you know little of Modad's power and disposition. At the present moment he feels that his verv kingdom is at stake, and you alone can Fave it. To me he looks for the gift of propitiation, and he holds tny life as the forfeit.' For a moment, the crimson tide rushed up into the face of the fair girl, and, risina from her sent, she said, while a look of utter contempt flashed from her eyes: ' Wouid that God made me king of JMra-no dastard neighboring jnoa arch should have dared to cast such contempt upon mc and my people.' Al-Bassa gnzed upon his daughter with a sort of wonduiing admiration. His soul was in agony at 1 lie sacrifice lie was about to make, and lie would readily have given the last mite of his earthly i obsessions to have averted the M«w, hut he dared not qivc his life, nor did he dare to relii-1 against the coward ly wickedness of hi« king. ' Come, my child,' at length said the old man, while he tremb'ed at < very joint,' time flies swiftly away, and the hour is already at hand when you must depart.' Again Selinn sank upon the cnuch and buried her face in her hands ; but it was now in vain that she tried to weep. The deep, burning prief that scorched and seared her soul burned nt the fountain of her tears, and from her almost broken heart nothing came forth but rending sobs. Tho remorse less gato.i of a tvorse than Tart in prison had been thrown open before her, and to its soul-searing flnn.es had sho been consigned. She could have looked up on the cold and (limy prison-house as a paradise when compared with tbe fate that now awaited her ; but she knew that her father's life was at stake and with all her power she tried to command her native fortitude to her support. But, alas! her woman's heart shrank from the sacrifice, as the timid child would quail before the gloomy, ghost-peopled forest, and with her brow, her face, her neck, and her bosom all changed to marble, she arose from her couch and bade her father lead the way. The old man trembled fearfully, and stalled back in agony as he beheld the change that had comg over his daughters features His father's heart bade him be a man, but fear made him turn away his head ; and bowing beneath the blow he dared not resent, he led forth the gentle being who had been the joy and blessing of his home, the bright sunlight of his joys and sorrows, like an unresisting Iamb to the sacrifice! (TO HE CONTINUED.) 