SPURTING. SPORTING NOTES. By Tim Wuifflbu. From Mr. J. J. Miller, of 45J Post Office Place, Melbourne, I have received a copy of the 41 Australian Monthly Boeing Chronicle,' containing the reports of all race meetings held during the month of August in the colonies. The little work, which is excellently got up, should be of great service to follower b of racing and will without doubt fill along felt want. The 44 Chronicle' is issued at Is. per copy, or 10s per annum. Tho business of the M.T.C. Show meeting was inaugurated with the running of the Hurdle Race, for which a quintette obeyed the summons to go to the post. Lucy, who had the services ot li*r owner as steersman, met with solid support, and at flag fall ruled favorite at G to 4. Euler had a sanguine following, who were content to accept 5 to *2 about the chance of the son of Kuclid. The j other runners, Wave, Alice and Killarney I did not attract much attention, a few strong j silver investments being the only notice the : trio came in for. Killarney effected a sur prise by cutting out the running for the whole of the journey, and although he blundered over the last hurdle, none of the others reaohed him, and he won fairly comfortably at the end. The scratching pen reduced the Trial Stakes field to ten, tho number being com* po£ed of a class of horses having more than ordinary pretensions to good looks. Naran dera trained Blitc was so solidly 6taked upon that backers were required to lay a shade of odds on their fancy at the close of betting operations. M'Liss, a splendidly shaped daughter of Oudeis and Katicy Lee, and therefore a sister to Firemen, cams in for I Bome attention, and ruled second favourite at 5's, Frantic's relative, Stonebeng*, ranking next at 7's. The other runners were market able at outside prices. Tbe betting market afforded a reliable tip, for the favoured ones finished in the order of favouritism. Blitz, who is an own brother to Sunsbower, man- 1 aged to beat the Oudeis mare by a length at the finish. At the last Narandera meeting Blitz, 8st 71b, ran second to Sweet Hose, 8st 21b* in the Trial Stakes, and third with 9st 51b to Pitchery, 8st 101b, in the Welter Handicap. M'Liss, who ran second, swerved when half way down the rails, a lady holding a parachute out over the rails being respon sibe for the mare swerving and losing ground at a critical stage ot the race, For her initial attempt under silk M'Liss shaped very well, and followers of racing would do i wisely to keep Fireman's shapely sister in mind in future. Jarman's starting machine was brought into requisition to effect the dismissal of tbe Trial Stakes field, and as it was ihe first occasiou upon which the new method of starting was tried on the local racecourse, the working of the apparatus was watched with a more than ordinary degree of in terest. More than half of the runners had never faced a barrier before, and at least four of the number were mak ing their first essay under silk, so it was, therefore, only reasonable to suppose that some of the inexperienced ones would lag at the word to go. Inverness, Florin and Reminder appeared to be frightened at the releasing of the barrier and lost ground, their failure to get well away could hardly therefore be debited against the machine, inexperience being, without doubt, the true cause. The apparatus came in for a deal of favourable criticism, its simplicity of con struction and working being specially noted. The only part of the machine which might be open to objection, is in my opinion, con- | nected with the releasing gear. When the barrier is lifting a rattling noise takes place, and to a horse of nervous temperament the noise is likely to prove irritating, and may ^ \- possibly frighten ahorse to such an extent i as to cause a bad get away. However, the I defect, if it may be termed one, may, no doubt, be easily remedied, and tha noise re duced to a minimum. At all events the in vention is a credit to the patenee (a Narandera resident) and I trust to see it used on provincial racecourses. Tbe Show Handicap next came on for dis cussion, seven weighing out for the battle, Kinderspiel had a sanguine following who backed him staunchly down to 5 to 2, a price which Lindsay, a Narandera trained nag, about whom good things were whispered, also touched. Austin and Boebuck met with a good measure of support at a point longer, whilst about the others 14 knock out ' prices were obtainable. Austin getting away well and holding a good position throughout had hiB opponents beaten at the hill, and although Boebuck and Kinderspiel challenged him enienug we iuip, tue uuucimwu Tidal Wave retained his advantage without being put to the whip, and won comfortably by a length. Kinderspiel, who ran third, looked very light, and may be a short spell would prove beneficial to him. Lindsay failed to run up to expectations, and one or two at least of tbe unplaced lot may be seen to better advantage at a future date. Tbe chief event of the meeting followed, viz., The Hunters' Steeplechase, and the running of it, as well as the melancholy fatality which took place, will long be remem bered by those who were present. Clans man was made favourite at 2 to 1, Take Off, a brother to The Masher, was next in de mand, whilst Fairfield found supporters at 4's. The result may be summed up in a few words, for after the first fence was negotiated Fairfield went to the front and making the race a cracker, and lepping faultlessly gave nothing else a ghost of a show, winning com fortably at the finish by any number of lengths. Jack clouted the first fence and un shipped his rider (W. Purkis), but was remounted and continued the chase. Take Off came down at the swamp fence, but Costello remounted and eventually finished second. Cleo parted company with her pilot at the Nursery leap, and Monarch performed likewise at the next. Clansman made an effort to catch Fairfield in the last couple of furlongs, but failing to rise at the last fence came a terrible purler, throwing his rider (A. Felstead) to the ground with terrific force. After Clansman struck the fence he stood on hie bead on the other side, and turned asomer Bault, coming down on Felstead's head with his bind part. The poor fellow sustained fatal injuries and died about 7 minutes after the occurrence. The horse was unable to rise and it was found expedient to destroy him. The untoward event cast a deep gloou) upon the meeting, which was terminated by tbe owner* of all the horses .engaged in the Farewell Handicap, viz., Austin, Lady Phoebe, Token, Baillery, Stonehenge, M-Liss, Wave and Lindsay, running the scratching pen through their horses name. Tuis course relieved the committee of a bar in the way of terminating the meeting, for under the A.J.C. Bules the committee'had not power to abandon the race. The action of t he horse - owners is therefore deserving of special mention. The local pony Vasbti went to Sydney last evening with a view of trying her luck amongst tbe Metropolitan little 'uns. The M.T.C. will net a substantial profit a6 a result of the Show race meeting, the credit balance being estimated as being very nigh on £50. Jarman's starting machine, which was [ used on Saturday in starting tbe Trial Stakes, has been left in charge of Mr. J. T. ' Williamson, acting secretary M.T/C. It is that gentleman's intention to have the machine erected on the pole track, so that owners and trainers will be afforded an opportunity of -practising their charges at the barrier during the week. 