Some Accidental Gold Dis coveries. The history of American western mining states is full of stories that illustrate the purely accidental and fortuitous manner in which the most important discoveries were made, and when these stories, repeated among the miners as they while away the long winter evenings in thoir solitary cabins in tho moun tains, are taken into consideration the devout belief of every miner in tho potency of luck becomes much more intelligible. One of tho most productive mines in Cali fornia was discovered through tho accidental tail of tlie discoverer. He was ono of a hunt ing party that had gone out from San Fran cisco during the Christmas holidays, While passing along tho Bido of a steep hill on a narrow trail his horse suddenly slipped, and with his rider went down into the gulch. Happening to be the last in tho line and some distance behind tho others, ho was not missed for somo moments, but when his absence was noticed the party turned back to look for him, fearing somo untoward accident. He was nowhere to be seen, but the place whore his horse had slipped and fallen over tho bank, together with the traces of tho fall, wero plainly visible. Following tho tracks mado by the horse and man, and when near the bottom tho men suddenly camo upon an interesting spectacle. Just behind a clump of bushes which the man and nis steed had crushed through on their way down Btood tho liorso apparently unin jured, whilo near by, on a slab of rock pro jecting from tho snow, tho man' was canerincr like an Indian at a ghost dance The first impression of tho rescuing party was that the man had gone suddenly crazy, but as ho caught sight of them he instantly ceased his gyrations and shouted for them to approach. They came, when ho showed them several lumps of almost pure gold ho had hastily knocked from the edge with a stono for a hammer, and announced his discovery of a [ gold mine. The sliding horso had brought up against tho lodgo, and the restive animal, kicking vigorously in the efforts to riso, had struck off the moss from the stono and disclosed tho fact that it was a gold-bearing lodgo of unusual richness. Tho find was appropriately named ' Tho Christmas Gift,' and a valuable gift it proved to bo. Tho miners of Now Moxico tell a queer story whioh illustrates forcibly tho minor's belief in his luck. A miner named John Qnincy Adams was prospecting somowhoro in the mountains. Whilo wearily trudging along ono hot day through a guloh whore the sun had a good chance at his back ho Buddonly smelled smoke. The phenomenon struck him as odd, and ho glanced quickly in every direction to as certain the origin of tho smoke, but, Beoing nothing, resumed his journoy. A moment later tho smoll returned, stronger than evor, and, tho breeze just then blowing in tho direction ho was walking, a light wreath of vapour ourlod about his ears and gave him to understand that his haversack was on firo. Like all miners, he carried a largo Ions for tho purpose of examining tho specimons and tho sa*d in his pan, and tho truth flashed upon him. For want of room ho had hung tho glasB on tho outside, and tho rays of tlio. sun Sad concentrated on his haversack, which was thus set on .firo. As among its contents woro twelve or fif teon pounds of powder, ho lost no timo in dropping tho dangorous burden, and getting as far away as possible beforo it explodod. Tho haversack fell botwoon two huge .jtonos, and cuddled down out of sight. Adams soon ronoliod a safe distance, nnd disconsolately watched tho Bmoko arising from liia solo worldly possessions. Suddenly thoro was a deafening roport. Tho ground trom blod, and Adams dodged behind a hugo stono to oscapo tho fragmonts of wrook. Rising, he wont to tho spot to gather up what he could find, whon his oyos almost startod out of his head at sooing tho quartz that had boon thrown up fairly glittoring with gold. His powdor had dono bottor on its own account than it had evor dono on his, and had literally blown opon a gold mine for his bonefit, Ho was mado a rioli man in an in stant, and namod his mino tho ' Niok o' Timo.' Tho famous Comstook was disoovorod by a chance as aimplo aB that whioh exposed to tho oyos of tho astonished Adams tlio gold blown up by tho accidental oxplosion or his liavor sack. According to tho story told, tho ground on whioh tho lodo was aftorward dis oovorod was prospootod by Comstook, who located a olaim, but mado up his mind that it did not amount to mmh and so abaudonod it. Shortly aftor this an qdd oharaotor namod Finney was hunting in tho neighbourhood and shot a door, Tho woundod animal strugglod off, and whilo scrambling up tho Bido of a hill dislodgod somo loose stonos, disoloslng signs of tho prosonco of gold. Finnoy wnBliod a littlo of tho earth in a pan and was astoninhod at tho result, for from tho small quantity of oarth tostod oamo '.lOdols, or Ifidols, worth of gold, Whon Finnoy and two of liia frionds wore later working tho mino, along oamo Comstook aud domandod to know what thoy woro doing on his olaim. Thoy woro obligod oithor to kill him or tako him into partnoi'Bhip, so thoy , did tlio latter. Tlio minos whioh built tho oity of Ilolona, in Montana, woro diBoovorod by a party of four pi'OBpootors who woro on their way to a woll-lcnown oamp in tho Kootonai country. Learning that tho diggings In that quartor had failed, thoy turned asldo to prospoot in anothor direction | and for somo time thoy wandered about, digging holes horo and thoro, but finding nothing that thoy oonsklorod worth worlc'ug. About noon of tho Ifith day of July, 180-li, thoy arrlvod at tlio sifco of tlio oity of Holona, and halted for dinner uud to rest thoir liorsos, niimni1 nvni'. thrill' hni'HnH wni'fi Hii.rlrllnrl. iwlinn ono of their numbor walked down to tho stream to got a drink boforo mounting, From moro foreo of habit ho began mechanically Horatohing tho gravel with IiIh hands, whon to Ills iiHtrmlHlmiont ho drow out a nuggot as big iih a gold dollar, A hundred dollars' worth of gold was taken out in about twenty mlnutos, Tho mori then Immediately settled down and looatud claims, In a short timo nows of tliojr huo6ohh upruiul abroad, Humlrodu of othor minors lloukud to tho spot and a mining oamp olr uiipreoodoiitad richness wns estab lished. Tho oity of Ilolona sprang up on tho spot, and It Is said that ono of tho banks of that olty Is situated on a portion of tho llruli alaltn loon tod by tho lucky quartoUo, The famous silver mines of Potosi in Sont! w^ ^ m v dr1Rcovoretl ^ Indian who inr» tlm fIS , an antelope. Ho was climb to hnln bfeep u1'3 °f a hil1 nncl seized a bush to help himself up. The plant gave way and revealed a ledge of silver. 7 A few months after the massacro of Custer and Ins men a party of soldiers went scouting after hostiles in the Big Horn. The country was tejTibly rugged and broken, progress wai yeiy difficult, and after proceeding some days m the midst of tho wilderness of peaks tho guide was forced to admit that he had lost his way. The captain seated himself, on a lodge while the guide lay down on the ground near by, holding the reins of tho horses. An. earnest conversation followed as to tho proper course to bo taken in order to get out of tho lulls. I ' Yon may say what you please, but I think wo ought to go that way,' Baid tho captain, and as he spoke he picked up a bit of stono from tho ground and tossed it in tho direction indicated. The guide stared, then made a rush for tho bit of stono. It was a bit of quartz so thickly seamod with gold as to form a specimen of wonderful richness and beauty. Tho two collected a few samples, hid them and agreed to keep tho matter a socret until they could return and take possession of tho mine, A few days later the guide was killed, and tho secret remained with the captain. Timo and again after his troop had been extricated from tho mountains did he mako efforts to re-locate tho liill of gold, but every 'effort was doomed to failure ; it could never bo found. It is possible that it may havo beon tho ' Lost Cabin of this there is no certainty, but if not, it was a mine of such wonderful richness that nothing liko it has evor sinco been discovered in tho Big Horn rango. 