Mostly up morth. Jriefc as vfe wer$ appppflhiaff Christmas' in a nice quiet grutle and becoming mRiiner pome enake headed jaboo ?with as muph sense aaaParattah bng.has ttf$rted the band contest plague ag»i n. Ope of the local papers allowed itself to be got at, and inserted about a foot of drivel end slime abont the Sk Joseph's Band, wbp ate aspeaoe able as a dead frog till tjiey are Worried by some walking lunatic asylum, and then they have to kick back. It is all about the same old gag. Who are the real champions P The City have Jiad to retire as gracefully, as possible at the request of Mr. Bates aud his HfBociateB, consequently the dispute remains between the Garrison and the Joes. The latest development is a challenge from Bandmaster Lithgow, of thi! Joes, to play the Garrison for £20 or £50, and they have been given till to-day to put the stuff up or do the other thing. The Garrinon. it mtiBt be said, have been very modest over, their recent victory, they have never made a song about it, but took it as carelessly as if they were whipping bands every day in the week, consequently why some crank wants to create a colli sion we all want to know. The worst features about this latest, go is that the vexations question will be as far off as ever, as the Joes say in their challenge that they do not recognise any claims of the Garri son for the championship, as they refused to compete in the late con test between the Southern Garrison and the St. Joseph's, consequently ' *e dunno where 'e are.' Tuesday evening, December 10, 1895, is a date that should be marked with a white stone in the North, as on that memorable night the great modern illumination, the electric light, flashed through the city for the first time. It was not known exactly when the light would be switched on, and it struck us before we were ready. At 8 o'clock it burst upon us, and in a flash almost thf place was ' bright and busy as the day.' It was a glorious eight, and no mistake, and thousands of people stood in silent admiration at the power, brilliancy, and steadiness of the light. The day before seven people out of every ten blackguarded the whole concern, and said it would be a disastrous failure, last night every man you met said, ' Now, what did I tell yer F Not a better light in the Southern or any other hemisphere. I ullns said it would be a grand success.' As old Stapleton the bo'sun says, '' It's human natnr.' ' The light only bad a preliminary two hours' canter, but it was enough to show us what it was like. It is a power ful searching light ; it seems to go into nooks and crannies, and door ways, and fowl houses, and back yards, and back bars too. and will be terribly disconcerting to the chicken thief, the drowsy, dreamy policeman, who can't find a friendly doorstep to doss in, and those members of tbe Temperance League who have a funny little way of sneaking ronnd in the dark for three penn'orth of warm rum about half past nine every evening. It is no flickering rushlight, and when the next, new moon comes sloshing round these parts she will find 300 or 400 doable-barrelled orbs as big as herself squatting on 30ft. poles, and smiling at the funny little gaslamps below. There is one little fact of course we most not forget — about this new dodge of oars — we've got to pay for it .vet, It's only a matter of about £50,000, which isn't much if you say it qnick. Of course on such a memorable occasion as that mentioned above the firebells mnst have a cut in. It was close on 7 o'clock when they let go, not because there was a fire (they are generally rang now to let the people know there is not the slightest sign of a fire); bat because they wanted to be first in creating a mild sensation. Some of these fine evenings there will be a a solid flare up, and half the town will be a smouldering ash heap before the people are aware of it, as when the bells ring now most people retire peacefully to rest on the calm assurance that all's well. It is but right to say our very cap able brigade is in no way to blame for thiR. It is generally some crank with the nightmare who performs an overture on the big bell before tbo police can get' hold o'fhhn. ? il ? - i-i ? — . -I I ~ The alder-manic elections have come 'and gone, and once again ip exemplified the force of the vo}a saying— that it is the unexpected that happens. Mr. W. J. ! Clarlc, the Btrong man of the ticketed trio, has gone under, and Wilsbu (who hadn't the ghost of a show) has been returned. Honest Peter tops the poll, with Mr. Alfred JoneB next. With this little combination I can see bieezy limes ahead. Tjie returning thanks business after the election was a particularly warm little ceremony. The defeated can didate got the beat reception of the lot, .while the crowd roared at Tas like wolves eager for his carcase. He has got the pall of them, how ever, and the laugh is his, this time. 