Fanny M arson. — -- CHAPTER III.— (Continued.) ' He left the room, took his candle from Miss Chickles, and returned to bed. As he closed the door of his room, his thoughts reverted to Roger Axton once more. ' He told two deliberate lies,' he thought, with a puzzled expression on his face,. ' I could see that by his face, or, rather, his manner. Humph ! I don't like this.' Having placed the candle on the dressing- table, Mr. Fanks sat down, and having produced his secretive note book, proceeded to make therein a memorandum (in shorthand) of his conversation with Axton. No reason for doing so ; certainly not. Still, name on pill box, Iron- fields; residence of Judith Variins, Iron fields. Curious coincidence — very.x . Nothing may come - of it. Higk/y improbable anything could j come of it. Still those:- few lines of queer signs, recording an v unimpor tant conversation, may . be of use in the future. Who knows? Ah, who, indeed ? There's a good deal in. chance, and fate sometimes, puts a thread into our bands which conducts through tangled labyrinths to un known issues. ' Two lies,' said Fanks for the third time, as he rolled himself up in the bedclothes and blew out the candle. He hadn't seen her since Ventnor. He hadn't heard from her since Vent nor. Wonderful self-denial for a young, man in love. I'd like to know about Axton's little romance.' extract's from a detective's note-book. - ' Can't make Roger out . .' Most curious conversation — inquisitive on my part, evasive on his .' . He told me two lies . . In fact, during the whole conversation he seemed to be on his guard . . I don't like the look of things . . I have no right to pry into Axton's affairs, but I can't un derstand his denial — denials which I could tell from his manner were false . . Queer things about Ironfields . . The dead man comes from Ironfields Miss Variins lives at Ironfields . . . Qy. Can there be any connection between the deceased and Miss Var iins ? . . Impossible, and yet it's very strange. . . I don't like that open door either . .. That is extra ordinary . . Then the letter writ ten by the deceased ... I asked at the post-office here about ir . . . They could tell me nothing . . ; . I wonder to whom that letter was sent ? . . I think it's the key to the whole aftair . . Can Roger Ax ton be keeping anything from me? Did he know the dead man ? . . . I am afraid to answer these questions. . Well, I'll go down to Ironfields and find out ail about the dead man. Perhaps my inquiries will lead me to Miss Variins . . . But no, there can be no connection, and yet I doubt Roger . . I mistrust, him . . . I don't like his manner . ., . his evasive replies . . And then he's connected with Miss Variins — she is connected with Ironfields . . That is connected with the deceased . . All links in a chain . . Most extraordinary. " Mem. — To go at once to Ironfields." CHAPTER IV. the evidence of tiie chemist's assistant. Ironfields is not a pretty place ; not even its warmest admirer could say it was pretty, but then its warm est admirer would not want to say anything of the kind. Well drained, well lighted, well laid out, it could — according to the minds of the inhabi tants — easily dispense with such mere prettiness or picturesqueness as crooked streeted, gable-mansioned towns, dating from the Middle Ages, could boast of. Poor things, those sleepy cathedral towns, beautified by the hand of Time — poor things in deed compared with vast Ironfields, the outcome of a manufacturing cen tury and a utilitarian race ! Ironfields with its lines of ugly model houses, its broad, treeless streets, its muddy river flowing under a hideous railway bridge, its mighty boundaries with their tall chimneys that belched forth smoke in the daytime, and fire at night, and its ceaseless clamour that roared up to the smoke-hidden sky six days in the week. The inhabitants were a race of Cy clops. Rough, swarthy men of her culean build, scant of speech and of courtesy, worn-looking women, with vinegary faces peering sharply at every one from under the shawls they wore on their tousled heads, and tribes of squalling brats,, with just enough clothes for decency, grimy with the smoky, soothy atmosphere, looking like legions of small devils as they played in the barren streets, piercing the deafening clamour with their shrill, unchildlike voices. A manufacturing town, inhabited by humanity with no idea of beauty, with no desire beyond an increase of \- ->ekly wage, or an extra drink at the Mic house. Humanity with a hard, unlovely religion expounded in hide ous little chapels by fervid preachers of severe principles. A glorious triumph of our highest civilisation, this matter-of-fact city, with its creed of work, work, work, and its eyes Constantly on the sordid things of this earth, and never raised to the blue sky of heaven. A glorious triumph indeed— for the capitalists. When it rained, which it did frequently, Iron- fields was sloppy, and when Ironfields was sloppy it was detestable ; for the rain coming down through the smoky cloud that constantly lowered over the town, made everything, if pos sible, more grimy than before. But Ironfields was quite content ; it was a .name of note-.- in commercial circles, and its products went forth to the four quarters of the world, bringing back in exchange plenty of monby, of which a great deal found its way into the pockets of the master, and very little into those of the man. The country around was not pretty. Na ture, with that black, ugly, clamorous city constantly before her eyes, lost _ heart in her work, and did not attempt to place beauties before the eyes of people who did not know anything about beauty, and would have thought it a very useless thing if they had. So the fields lying round Ironfields were only a shade better than the city itself, for the shadow of smoke lay over everything, and where sun shine is not, cheerfulness is wanting. On one, side of Ironfields, however, Nature had made a feeble attempt to assert herself, but then it was in a queer little village which had been the germ from whence arose this noisy town. In the old days the queer little village had stood amidst green fields beside a sparkling river : but now the fields had disappeared, the sparkling river had turned to a dull, muddy stream, and the little village was improved out of all recog nition. Like Frankenstein, it had created a monster which dominated it entirely, which took away even its name and reduced it from a quaint, pretty place, redolent of pastoral joys, to a dull little suburb, mostly inhabi ted by poor people. True, beyond stood the mansions of the Ironfields millionaires, glaring and unpictures- que, in equally glaring gardens laid out with mathematical accuracy ; but the upper ten merely drove through the village on their way to these Brummagem places, and did not ack nowledge its existence in any way'. Yet a good many of their progenitors had lived in the dull suburb before Ironfields was Ironfields, but they forgot all about that in the enjoyment of their new-found splendours, and the miserable village was now a kind of poor relation, unrecognised, un- cared for, and very much despised. In the principal street, narrow and winding, with old houses on either side, standing like dismal ghosts of the past, was tne chemist's shop, a brand-new place, with plate-glass windows, and the name "Wosk & Co.," in bright gold letters on a bright blue ground. Behind the plate- glass windows appeared huge bottles containing liquids red, and yellow, and green in color, which threw de moniacal reflections on the faces of passers-by at night, when the gas flared behind them. All kinds of patent medicines were there displayed to the best advantage ; bottles of tooth-brushes, cakes of Pears' soap, phials of queer shape and wondrous virtue, sponges, jars of leeches, queer- looking pipes compounded of glass and india-rubber tubing, packets of fly-exterminators, and various other strange things pertaining to the trade, all calling attention to their various excellencies in neat little printed leaf lets scattered promiscuously through out. Within, a shining counter of mahogany laden with cures for the various ills which flesh , is heir to ; and at the far end, a neat little glass screen with a gas-jet on top, above which could be seen the gray-black head ot Mr Wosk and the smooth red head of Mr Wosk's assistant. Mr Wosk (who was also the Co.) was a slender, serious man, always clothed in black, with a sedate, black-bearded countenance, a habit of washing his hands with invisible soap and water, and a rasping little cough, which he introduced into his conversation at inopportune moments. He would have made an excellent undertaker, an ideal mute, for his cast of' coun tenance was undeniably mournful, but Fate had fitted this round peg of an undertaker into the square hole of a chemist in a fit of perverse anger. He bore up, however, against his uncongenial situation with dreary re signation, and dispensed his own medicines with an air of saying, " I hope it will do you good, but I'm afraid it won't." He was the pillar of the Church in a small way, and stole round tne chapel on Sundays with the_ plate in a melancholy fas hion, as if he was asking some good Chiistian to put some food on the plate and despaired of getting it. Ebenezei was his name, and his wife, an acidulated lady of uncertain age, ruled him with a rod of iron, perhaps from the fact that she had no chil dren over whom to domineer. . Mrs Mosk, however, could not rule the assistant, much as she desired to do so. Not that he made any show of opposition, but always twisted this way and turned that in an eel-like fashion until she did not know quite where to have him. In fact, the as sistant ruled Mrs Wosk (of which rule she had a kind of uneasy con sciousness), and as Mrs Wosk ruled Mr Wosk, including the Co., M. Juies Gumaud may have been said to have ruled the whole household. A hard name to pronounce, especi ally in Ironfields, where French was in the mam an unknown tongue, so suburban Ironfields, by common con sent forgot the surname of the assis tant, and called him, in friendly fas hion, Munseer Joolees, by which ap pellation he was known for a con siderable time. Mrs Wosk, however, who meddled a good deal with the shop and saw a good deal of the assistant, being learned in Biblical lore (as the wife of a deacon should be), found a certain resemblance suggested by the name and' appear ance of the assistant between Mun seer Joolees and Judas Isca-riot, whereupon, with virulent wit, she christened by the latter name, and Monsieur Joolees became widely known as Monsieur Judas, which name pleased the Ironfields worthies, being easy to pronounce and contain ing a certain epigrammatic flavour. The name suited him, too, this slen- der, undersized man with the stealthy step of a cat ; the unsteady greenish eyes that appeared to see nothing, yet took in everything ; the smooth, shining red hair plastered tightly down on his egg-shaped skull ; and the delicate, pink and white com- plexioned, hairless face that bore the impress of a kind of evil beauty ;yes, the name suited him admirably, and as he took no exception to it, being in suburban Ironfields opinion an atheist, and therefore ignorant of the Biblical significance of the title, no body thought of addressing him by any other. He spoke English mo derately well, in a soft, sibilant voice with a foreign accent, and sometimes used French words, which were Greek to all around him. Expres sive, too, in a pantomimic way, with his habit of shrugging his sloping shoulders, his method of waving his slim white hands when in conversa tion, and a certain talent in using his eyes to convey his meaning. Lids drooping downwards, T listen humbly to your words of wisdom, monsieur:' Suddenly raising them so as todispla-y full optic, ' Yes, you may look at me; I am a most guileless person.' Nar rowing to a mere slit, like the pupil of a cat's eye, ' Beware, I am danger ous,' and so forth, all of which, in conjunction with the aforesaid shrugs and pantomimic action of his hands, made the conversation of Monsieur Judas very intelligible indeed, in spite of his foreign ascent and French ob servations. It was raining on this particular morning — seasonable wea ther, of course ; but as far as rain went, all the months were the same in Ironfields, and a thick, black fog pervaded the atmosphere. A cold, clammy fog, with a sooty flavor, that crept slowly through the streets and into the houses, like a wounded snake dragging itself along. Here and there pedestrians looming large in the opaque cloud like gigantic appari tions, gas-lamps flaring drearily in the thick air, cabs and carts and car riages all moving cautiously along like endless funerals. And only two o'clock in the afternoon. Surely the darkness which spread over the land of Egypt could be no worse than this; nay, perhaps it was better. Egypt being tropical and lacking the chill, unwholesome moisture which permeated the air, wrapping the dingy houses, the noisy foundries, and the cheerless streets in a dull, sodden pall. Gas glared in the shop of Wosk & Co., behind the glass doors, which kept out as much of the fog as they were able — gas which gave forth a dim, yellow light to Mr Wosk be hind the screen, looking over pres criptions, and to Monsieur Judas at the counter making up neat packages of medicine bottles. At the little window at the back which ' looked into the Wosk dwelling-house, an occasional vision of Mrs Wosk's head appeared like that of a cross cherub, keeping her eye on chemist and assistant. ' Bur-r-r,' says Monsieur Judas, blowing on his lean fingers, it is to me the. most coldest of times. Aha ! le brouillard ! it makes itself to be all the places to-day.' ' Seasonable, seasonable !' mur murs Mr Wosk, washing his hands in a contemplative fashion. ' Good for — ahem ! — good for business — that is business in our line — ahem !' ' Eh, Monsieur Vosks ! mais oui, mon ami,' answered the Frenchman, raising his eyebrows, ' and for de — what you call de coffins man. L'homme des funerailles.' ' That, ahem !' said Mr Wosk, is what we must try and prevent. The undertaker — not coffins man, Mon sieur Judas, that is not, ahem, correct Anglo-Saxon — is the last, the very last resource of a sick man. Preven tion — ahem—in the person of our selves is better than — ahem — dear me — I don't think the remark is app — ahem — applicable.' < At this moment the glass doors opened to admit a stranger, enve loped in a comfortable fur coat, and also gave admission to a cloud of fog that had been waiting for the oppor tunity for some time. The stranger made his appearance like a Homeric deity, in a cloudy fashion, and when the attendant fog dispersed, Mon sieur Judas (inquisitive) and Mr Wosk (mournfully indifferent) saw that he was a keen-faced young gentleman with a sharp, decisive manner. 'Wosk & Co., eh!' queried the stranger, who was none other than Mr Octavius Fanks. ' Yes, sir,' said Mr Wosk, advanc ing, ' the name — ahem — my name, sir, is in front of the — the shop, sir.' ' So is the fog,' replied the detec tive, drily, leaning over the counter. ' I could hardly see the shop, much less the name.' ' De fog is still heavier, monsieur ?' said Judas, taking in the appearance of Mr Fanks in a comprehensive fas hion. Fanks swung sharply round at the sound of the foreign voice, and in stantly took an intuitive dislike to the appearance of the red-haired man. ' Oui,' he. replied, looking at him sharply ; ' netes-vous pas Fancais ?' ' Monsieur a beaucoup de penetra tion,' said Judas, startled at hearing his own tongue. His eyes had nar rowed into those dangerous slits which betokened that he was on his guard against this clever — too clever Englishman. The two men looked at one another steadily for a moment, and two ideas flashed rapidly through their respective minds. The Fanks idea, suggested by the suspicious ap pearance (to a detective) of Monsieur Judas : ' This man has a past, and is always on his guard.' The Guinaud idea, inspired by a naturally suspicious nature: 'This Englishman is" a possible enemy. I must be careful.' There was really no grounds for such uncomplimentary ideas on the part of these two men who met for the first time, except that instinctive repulsion which springs from the collision of two natures antipathetic to one another. Mr Wosk, being warned by the apparition of Mrs Wosk's head at the little window that he was wasting time, addressed him self at once to his customer in a business fashion : ' What can I do for you, sir ?' Octavius withdrew his eyes from the face of the assistant, and produc ing a pill-box, laid it down on the counter before Mr Wosk. ' I want to know the name of the gentleman for whom you made up these pills.' ' Rather difficult to say, sir,' said Mr Wosk, taking up the box ; ' we make up so many boxes like this.' ' They were made up for a gentle man who left Ironfields shortly afterwards.' The chemist, never very clear headed at any time, looked perfectly bewildered at being called upon to make such a . sudden explanation, and turned 'helplessly toS| assist ant, who stood workungHiW?yf medi cine bottles with downcast eyes. ' I'm afraid — ahem- — really, my memory is so bad,' he faltered, child ishly ; ' well, I scarcely — ahem — but I think Monsieur Judas will be able to tell you all about it. I have the — ahem; — I have the fullest confidence in Monsieur Judas.' ' It's more than I should have,' thought Fanks, as the assistant took the pill-box from his master and opened it. ' 8 pilules,' he said, counting them. ' Yes, 8 pills,' replied Fanks, tak ing a seat by the counter, ' but, of course, when you made up the pre scription there must have been more.' ' De monsieur weeth de pilules did he geeve dem to monsieur ?' ' No ; I want to know the gentle man's name.' ' An' for wy, monsieur ?' ' Never you mind,' retorted Octa vius, coolly ; ' you do what you're asked,, my good fellow.' The ' good fellow ' gave Mr Fanks an ugly look ; but in another moment was bland and smiling as ever. Mr Wosk (beckoned by the cherub's head) had gone into the back pre mises, so the two men were quite alone, of which circumstance Fanks took advantage by speaking to Mon sieur Judas in French, in order to understand him better. Translated, the conversation (guarded on both sides by mutual suspiciom) was as follows :. ' Will monsieur permit me to ask him a few questions ? Otherwise,' said Judas' with a shrug, ' I cannot hope to find the name required.' ' Ask whatever questions you like.' ' Does monsieur know when the gentleman left this town ?' Mr Fanks made a rapid calcula tion, and answered promptly : I'm not quite sure ; after the 6th and be fore the 13th of the present month. But your best plan will be to go back from the 13th November.' ' Certainly, monsieur.' Judas disappeared behind the neat screen, and rapidly turned up the order book beginning with the 13th November, as directed. They are tonic pills, I see mon sieur,' he called out. Yes, it is marked on the box.' In another moment Fanks heard an exclamation of surprise behind the screen, and shortly afterwards Monsieur Judas emerged, carrying the order book with him. He was visibly agitated, and his lean hands trembled as he placed the book on the counter. What is the matter ?' asked Fanks, suspiciously, rising to his feet. ' I will explain to monsieur later on,' said Judas, with a sickly smile. ' At present, however, here is what you want. These pills were made up for Monsieur Sebastian Mel- stane.' ' Sebastian Melstane,' muttered Fanks, thoughtfully. ' Oh, that was his name.' ' Yes, Sebastian Melstane,' said Judas, slowly. ' He bought these pills on the nth of November, and went down to Jarlchester the next day.' How do you know he went to Jarlchester?' asked Fanks, consider ably startled. ' Because I know Sebastian Mel stane, monsieur. We lodged at the same pension. He makes me the confidence that he was going to that place, and, I believe, took these pills with him. Now you have the box, but my friend, where is he ?' Monsieur Judas threw out his hands with a fine dramatic gesture, and fixed his crafty eyes on the im passive face of the detective. 'Do you read the papers?' asked Octavius, with great deliberation. ' Yes ; but I read English so bad.' Get some one to translate for you, then,' said Fanks, coolly, 'and you will see that an unknown man committed suicide at Jarlchester. That man was Sebastian Melstane.' ' Gave himself the death ?' ' Yes ; read the papers. By the way, Monsieur Judas— that is your name, I believe — as you knew Se bastian Melstane, I may want to ask you some questions about him. Monsieur Judas pulled out a card with some writing on it and handed it to Fanks with a flourish. _ ' My name, Monsieur— my habita tion, monsieur ! If Monsieur will do me the honour to call at my pension, I will tell him whatever he desires to know.' ' Humph ! I'm afraid that's be yond your power, M. Guinaud,' re plied Fanks, glancing at the card. | However, I'll call round this even ing at eight o'clock ; but at present I want to know about these pills.' ' They were bought by my friend on the nth,' said Judas, showing the entry. ' Behold, monsieur, the book speaks it.' ' Who signed the prescription ?' ' v A doctor, monsieur, "a doctor. I cannot say the name, it is hard for my tongue ; but, monsieur ' — struck with a sudden idea — ' you shall see his own writing.' to be continued. 