KATHERINE'S VENGEANCE [BY THE AUTHOR OF " PAULINA LISLE."] PART II. CHAPTER XIV.—(Continued.) She turned to him with sudden impulse—sudden passion in her face. Ah ! that is where women fail—where men have the advantage of us. The strongest-minded of us will let ourselves be swayed by impulse, and all the vows and resolves of our life are swept away in the passion of a moment. She turned to him with a swift, impassioned gesture of both hands, theatrical perhaps, but real. " Why should I lie to you ? You are a man of honour, a soldier, and a gentleman— you will not betray me. I will tell the truth, Captain O'Donnell. I am the New York actress—I am the Ophelia you beheld six months ago." " I knew it," he answered, with composure. " I saw you many nights in succession. It was impossible for me to be mistaken. And as clever and popular actresses do not, as a rule, quit the stage, and the brilliant, well-paid, well-dressed, high-strung existence of a popular leading lady, and merge their bright individuality into that of a poorly-paid, overtasked drudge of a nursery governess, you will pardon me, I think, for allowing my suspicions to rise, for following your footsteps tonight. I said to myself, this actress, whom a crowded Broadway house has applauded to the echo, night after night, has some motive— a sinister one, in all likelihood-- in quitting her profession and coming to this house in the role of governess. For, of course, a governess she will not long remain. Lady Danger- field is in utter ignorance of her antecedents-- believes whatever story Miss Herncastle chooses to tell her— takes her recommendations--forged beyond doubt— for authentic documents, and is being duped every day. I speak plainly, you see, Miss Herncastle.'' ''You do, indeed,'' Miss Herncastle answered, bitterly. ''You state your case with all the pitiless grimness and truth of the stern old judge on the bench, summing up the facts that are to condemn for life the miserable culprit in the dock. And after all,'' she flung up her hand, her eyes flashing, ''what business is it of yours ? Are you my lady's keeper? Has your own fate been ordered so smoothly that you should hunt down to ruin a poor wretch with whom life has gone hard ?'' Something in her tone moved him — something in that passionate, savage, hunted look of her eyes touched him, he hardly knew why. '' No ; God knows,'' he said sadly, ''my own life has been no pathway of roses. I am the last man on earth to sit in judgment upon my struggling fellow-mortal, and accuse him. I have no wish to hunt you down, as you call it. This night's work, this night's discovery, and your avowal, shall be as though they had never been. Whether I do right or wrong in concealing the truth is much too subtle a question for me— I only know I will conceal it.'' She hold out her hand suddenly, with a second swift impulse. ''For that much at least I thank you. Why I have left the stage, why I have come here, you have answered to your own satisfaction. Some sinister motive must be at the bottom, of course. And yet, Captain O'Donnell— and yet — can you imagine no better, no higher, no more worthy motive ? The one may be brilliant ; the other dull ; one well paid, well dressed, well applauded : the other a pittance— Quaker garb, and the obedience of a servant ; but yet the dull life is the safe one— the other full of untold dangers and temptations.'' Captain O'Donnell smiled. '' I grant it. Full of untold dangers and temptations to foolish girls and frivolous matrons — not to such women as you. In any situation in life you are quite capable of taking excellent care of your self, Miss Herncastle. That plea has not even the advantage of being commonly plausible. What your motive may be, I don't know ; it is your own business, and in no way concerns me. : Unless,'' he paused — '' Unless, Miss Herncastle ----'' he said, slowly. ''Yes, Captain O'Donnell— unless----- '' ''Unless I find trouble of any kind coming of it. You are doing mischief already— do you know it ? ''You have frightened two on three people into the belief that you are a ghost.'' Miss Herncastle laughed — not a very natural sounding laugh. '' Poor little Sir Peter ! ? Is it my fault, Captain O'DonneJl, that I resemble some woman he has known, dead, and in her grave ?'' ''Perhaps not; I have not quite made up my mind how that is yet. Second clause'' — he gave her a piercing look —''are you aware that Sir Arthur Tregenna is engaged — has been engaged for years — to Lady Cecil Clive ?'' ''Ah!'' Miss Herncastle said, scornfully, ''now we tread on delicate ground. Sir Arthur Tregenna is engaged to Lady Cecil Clive, and Sir Arthur Tregenna has shown the despised nursery gover- ness the simple courtesy of a gentleman to a gentle woman. For,in spite of the New York acting and English teaching, I am that, sir ! He has kindly talked a little to Miss Herncastle, and the earl's daughter deigns to be jealous, with all her beauty, and birth, and breeding, of poor, lonely, plain me. And you, Captain O'Donnell — you of all men — tell me of it.'' '' And why not I, Miss Herncastle ?'' "Because,'' she burst out, fiercely, passionately, '' Lady Cecil Clive may be engaged to fifty wealthy baronets, but— she loves you! Ah! you feel that !" She laughed in a wild, reckless sort of way. "She loves you, the soldier of fortune, the free companion and will give Sir Arthur her hand at the alter, while her heart is in your keeping. And this is the dainty, the spotless, the proud Lady Cecil. What are you or have been to her in the past, you know best ; but--I wonder if Sir Arthur does ? He is a faithful friend and gallant gentleman. Don't you shrink, Captain O'Donnell, my judge, my censor, that from your hands and hers he deserves better than that?" She had struck home. The tide of battle had turned — victory sat perched on her banner now. His face flushed deep red, under the golden bronze ; of an Afric sun, then grew very white. Miss Herncastle, woman-like, pursued her ad- vantage mercilessly. ''You see the mote in your brother's eye, but how about the beam in your own? Most men like to think the heart of the woman they marry has held no former lodger. They like to think so, and if in nine cases out of ten they are dumped, if they do not know it, what does it matter ? My Lady Cecil is pure and spotless as mountains snow, is she not ? And she sells herself— it is my turn to use plain words now, sir— sells herself for Sir Arthur's thirty thousand a your. She is the soul of truth and a living lie to him every day of her life. She will become his wife, and her heart will go out after you to Algiers. Yours she is --and will be--Sir Arthur trusts her and you. Bah ! Captain O'Donnell, is there one true woman or man in all the world wide ? I don't say Sir Arthur has any right to complain—he is only treated as the larger half of his sex are treated ; but don't you call him to order if he chances to speak a few kindly words to me. We are at the Park ; may I go in? I am tired to death, walking and talking. Is there more to be said, or shall we cry quits, and say good-night ?" ''How will you get in ?'' he asked. '' The doors and windows seem bolted for the night.'' '' Doubly bolted, doubly barred,'' Miss Hern- castle replied, with a contemptuous laugh, ''to keep out burglars and ghosts, the two bugbears of Sir Peter's life. Nevertheless, I will get in. Good-night, Captain O'Donnell.'' She held out her hand. ''I would rather you had not followed me, but you thought you were doing your duty, and I do not blame you. Shall we cry quits, or shall it be war to the knife ?'' He touched the ungloved hand she extended, and dropped it coldly. ''It shall be whatever Miss Herncastle pleases. Only I should advise her to discontinue those noc- turnal rambles. She may be followed again, and by some one less discreet even than myself, and the very strange cries that issue from that mysterious dwelling be found out.'' She caught her breath : she had quite forgotten Bracken Hollow. ''You heard — '' ''I heard three very unearthly cries, Miss Hern- castle. I shall enquire tomorrow who lives in that house.'' ''Do. You will hear it is an old woman, a very old, harmless woman, but a little, just a little, in her dotage. These moonlight nights affect her, and when her rheumatism twinges comes on, she cries out as you have heard her.'' He smiled as he listened. '' You don't believe me ?'' she exclaimed. '' You think I am telling a second lie.'' ''My dear Miss Herncastle,'' the chasseur replied, ''we never apply that forcible and impolite word to a lady. And now, as you seem tired, and lest poachers and gamekeepers should see us, I think we had better part. You are quite sure you can get in?'' '' Quite sure. Good- night, Captain O'Donnell.'' He lifted his hat and turned at once. Miss Hern- castle stood where he had left her. Following the tall, gallant figure that crossed the moonlit field so swiftly, with a strange expression in her eyes and on her lips. Not anger, certainly not hatred, what ever it might be. She stood there until he was out of sight, until the last sound of rapid footsteps on the distant highroad died away. Then she turned, entered the great elm avenue, and disappeared. * * * * * * It was the next night after this that something very strange and very startling occurred to Sir Peter Dangerfield. Beside his sunset pilgrimage to that remote Castleford churchyard, the Scarswood baronet made other pilgrimages to Castleford, by no means so harmless. In an out-of-the-way street of the town there stood a tall, white house, set in a garden off the highway, and looking the very picture of peace and prosperity. A gentleman named Dubourg, of foreign extraction, and his wife, resided there. Monsieur Dubourg was a most agreeable gentle man ; Madame Dubourg the most charming, most vivacious, and, when artistically made up for the evening, the prettiest of little women. Perhaps it was owing to the charm of those agreeable people's society that so many officers of the Castleford barracks, and so many of the dashing young country squires, frequented it ; or, perhaps — but this was a secret — perhaps it was owing to the unlimited loo and lansquenet, the ecarte and chicken-hazard, you might indulge in between nightfall and sunrise. For lights burned behind those closed Venetians the short summer and the long winter nights through, and men sat silent and with pale faces until the rosy lances of sunrise pierced the blinds, and the fall of the cards and the rattle of dice were the only sounds to stir the silence. Immense sums were staked, little fortunes were lost and won, and men left haggard and ghastly in the gray dawn, with the cold dew standing on their faces, or rode home flushed, excited, richer by thousands of pounds. The Castleford police kept their eye on this peace- ful suburban retreat, and the delightful Monsieur and Madame Dubourg, but as yet no raid had been made. A passion for gambling had ever been latent in the Dangerfield blood. In the days of his poverty it had developed itself in his continual buying of lottery tickets; in the days of his prosperity, at the gaming table. Insect-hunting might be his hobby--chicken - hazard was his passion. Of the sums he lost and won there, Lady Dangerfield knew nothing; her apart- ments were in the other wing of Scarswood. Of the unearthly hours of his from home no one knew but the head groom, who sat up for him and took his horse, and was well paid for his silence and his ser- vice. As a rule, Sir Peter's losses and gains were pretty equal ; he was adept at chicken-hazard, and no more skilled gamester frequented the place. {To be continued.) 