SPARKS. Frost. Legacy. Sham fight. Military ball. * Few de joys'. The election races. Our defenders went through some capital drill on Wednesday last. We have received the Garden and Field for July. It is an excellent number. A meeting of subscribers to the Burra Insti tute was held on Monday night. In tbe wordly struggle passive endurance is no less useful than active energy. A matter of spelling. — What holds all the snuff in the world ? No one nose. . Bishop Harmer arrived in Adelaide last week, and received a good reception. Christian Endeavour Rally was held in tbe Wesleyan Lecture Hall on Monday night. Cr. Sampson is too firm a believer in straight dealing to allow tbe passing of tbat account, Mr. H. S. Dunn's * buggy pair' executed a splendid piece of navigation on Wednesday. Mr. Phil May, the well-known caricaturist, receives £50 for each drawing in the London Punch. By the laws of Afghanistan, when the Ameer dies (he whole or his 300 wives must be shot. Oh, golly. Obituary — Mr. Jobn Edwards, an old Burra resident. The funeral tock place on Tuesday afternoon. No bad quality or vice carries it appropriate punishment along with it more surely than heartlessness. The prize-list in connection with tbe Burra Agricultural Show is now printed, and are be. ing distributed. Mr. Foster M.P., wants a time limit for speeches introduced into the Assembly. May tbe time speedly come 1 Detective - Sergeant Considine who had charge of the notorious Deeming case, died at Melbourne last week. Miss Snappy : 1 wonder why Maud eave her age as twenty five when she married old Moneybags ? Miss Gappy : Oh, I suppose she made a discount for casb ? Faith— Don't you love the early poets? Morton (managing editor of a magazine)— Yes, I do ; they're all dead. Poet— Has tbe editor read the poem I left here yesterday? Office boy— I guess so, sir ; he's sick abed tc-day. An experienced girl says the letter ' b' is like a timid lover of her acquaintence — in doubt when there is 00 need of it. Tbe only love in which a man may be quite certain he has no rival, is the wonderful love he generally has for himself. Wife—There comes that tramp I gave some of my biscuits to the other day. Husband — Impossible ! This must be his ghost. He — I am ambitious to go before tbe foot lights. She— Then yon had better ran along before papa comes downstairs. - Oh, I am awfully worried. I walk in my sleep, I only wish I could do it. If I could I'd still have my job on the police force. Pertly — There is one thing I have to say in favor of the wind when it whistles. Dullhead What's that? Pertly— It never whistles popular airs. Customer-What in the world is that unearthly howling overhead? Clerk (smiling)— There is a painless dentistry establishment upstairs, sir. Mother — That notepaper is certainly quaint* hut -.ire you sure it is fashionable ? Daughter— Oh, it roust be. It is almost impassible to write on it. Husband— When I made your aquaintance, y-m were quite a nice girl, with only one fault. Wife— What was that. Husband — Yon woe not married. Little Ethel— Why is it women is always complainin' about the hired girl? Little Dot — Oh, that's just so folks will know they can afford to keep one. The Judge — I hope I shall not see you here again. Prisoner (who is arrested weeky)— Not see me ? Why, yer ain't going to resign yer position, are yer ?„ A good investment — Josh Billings said : The best investment I know is charity ; you get your principal immediately, and a dividend every lime you think of it. Every animal kept by man, excepting tbe cat, is taxed in Austria. If we bad oar way we would tax the cats in Kooringa, at any rate. A petition was presented to Parliament last week askinp that the Gladstone to Laura rail way should be extended to Booieroo Centre. Mr. J. Snell (the treasurer of the Bible Christian Church) received a legacy of jgjo on Wednesday, having been left bv tbe Rev. Jas. Way. . Mrs. R., whose nephew broke bis leg at football tbe other day, told a friend that it was a confounded fraction, but she hoped the bones would ignite in the end. . She — Oh, James, bow grand the sea is ! How wonderful ! I do so like to hear the roar of die ocean. He— So do I, Elizabeth. Please keep quiet, so that I may hear. Johnnie — Mamma, this book says knowledge is power. Mamma — And is it, my child. No, mamma, it isn't. I know there is 9 pie in the pantry, but I can't get it. The Chief inspector of the Central Board oi Health says the only thing be bas to adversely report upon at Burra is tbe boiling down arrangements at Messrs. Rabbich and Sons. City Missionary — What 1 Do you mean to .say that poverty gave you this thirst for liquor ? Unfortunate — Not exactly, mister ; but when was wealthy I never allowed myself to have thirst. '????. Mrs. Longwed — Have you any idea what is meant by tbe fires of love, dear ? Longwed— Err — those the husbands builds the first three months after marriage, I suppose. Old Boarder : What's for breakfast? Hope not ham ard eggs again. Waiter Girl: No. sir, not ham and eggs this morning. Thank tbe stais ! What is it ? Only bam. The husband (bitterly) — I wish I bad known as much before I was married as I do now. The wife — So do I. You might really have amounted to something by this time. Young lady, timidly, to shopman — I should like to look at some false bair, please. Shop man (experienced) — Yes, ma'am. What colour does your friend want. Sale effected. Mrs. Sargent (knowing) — It is said tbat the Lord never made two women alike. Sergent (tartly)— Of course he didn't, or you. would never hear af a man getting married twice. 