CHILDREN^ COLUMN. THE GHOST OF THE OLD FORT. Some eight years ago, when my regiment was quartered in the Madras Prcsideucy, I mado one of a large party to visit the old fort of Seringapatam. Wo were a lively little society, aud had arranged to camp out and have a regular three days' picnic in the lovely gardens of Tippoo's Bummer palace, just outside tho fort gates. OD tile evening of the first duy, 1 sauntered out after dinucr for a solitary smoke, abandoniug thc merry group that had gathered round our chief com- missioner's pretty daughter, and resisting all invitations to join in thc chorus of thc planta- tion songs she was singing to her banjo. It was a lovely night ; thc white tents glistened like silver tn the moonlight, the air was full of the scent of the cork tree blossoms that strewed the garden paths, and as a back- ground of sound to the sougs and laughter of thc camp, came the rush of thc swift waters of the Cawvery river as it hurried along its rocky bed. I wandered slowly on, and found myself soou inside thc fort. Unlike many of thc ancient strongholds of India, Scriugpatuin has been left to crumble to ruin, without the help of tile ruthless and improving modern engineer. Occupied for some time after the siege by a British garrison, and then abandoned as un- healthy, it has remaiucd as nearly as possible in thc state in which it was left ; the officers' bungalows, still standing, tn fairly good repair; tho open space before them, which was once the parade ground ; the smooth, level pitch, where many a game of cricket has been loBt and won- all looked as if the garrison must bc with sleeping, and would awake at sunrise to the sound of thc bugle. From thc native bazaar that still exists within tho walls, came the few signs of life in tho place ; u solitary lamp gleamed from the topmost pinnacle of a Hindoo temple that reared its cavern summit high above the flat-roofed houses around, and at intervals the pariah dogs barked defiance to their foes in an adjacent village. Strolling idly along, I came, at thc back of one of thc bungalows, upon a curiosity of thc place ; a single archway built of bricks, put up, so tradition says, by an enterprising engineer to demonstrate some theory of its own, probably now as obsolete and old fashioned as it was doubtless once considered new fangled and daring. I sat down on thc verandah Heps of the bungalow ; the house, though so long deserted, was still in fair order window-shutters, doors, all fastened and in- tact. I bsd lighted another cigar, and had let my fancy wander off to the designer of the arch, when, close behind me in the verandah, I heard a man's voice. It was a young voice, clear, sonorous, aud full of passionate feel- ing. " Mary, you know why I am here ; you know I leave this place to-morrow." I turned quickly, and looked behind me. I was alone-absolutely alone ; the little verandah, lighted from cud to* end by the moonbeams, was perfectly empty. I was rising, in my utter surprise aad bewilderment, when the same voice spoke again, and a some- thing kept me powerless in my place. " I've got my leave at last, and am off to Madras to-morrow morning. I can't go alone, my darling. Your husband is away, and we shall be at sea before his return. Come with me to-morrow ?" A pause as if for a reply, but none came, and the voice burst out again, more passion- ately : "Mary, answer me. You will come? After all our misery, there is a chance of happiness for UB both. Come, and let us forget everything but that we love each other." I Bat spellbound. The voice was as near me as if the speaker were sitting at my side on the steps, and yet so earnest, so heartfelt were the tones, that I found myself more anxious to hear the reply to such an appeal than concerned as to who the speaker might be. After a moment, the answer came in a woman's soft voice, instinct with tender- ness ; "Guy, you do believe I love you ?" " No," it went on, quickly, " hear me to the end. If it be wrong to love yon with all my heart and above everything, I have Binned, and I cannot change. But to do as you propose, to desert the man who trusta me so entirely, who loves me so dearly, how can I ? You must go alono dear, to forget." " Yon do not, yon cannot care for Colonel Weston ?" he broke out. "God forgive me, Guy, you have all my heart ; bnt if I cannot give my husband the love which should be his, at least I can guard his name, his honour." There was a prond ring in the words, but the next moment her voice fell into a tender sadness that brougnt the hot tears to my eyes : " Darling, it is hard for us both, but believe me, I am thinking of you. I cwnot take the gift of your future which you offer so gener- ously. You are young. Such a life as ours would blast every ambition, every prospect that now lies before you. A woman's love cannot, should not, fill a man's life, and Booner or later you would repeat." " Repeut, Mary I look at me ; let me see yonr eyes ; do you not believe mo, do you not trust me? You speak of ambition, of my future. Wbat will it be without you ? You can imagine my life what yon chooBe. Come with me, dear ; have courage." The answer came very low, but firm : " I could not send you away if I loved you less. I dare not wreck your life. Don't tempt me-don't tempt me 1" "You will not come?" It was said hoarsely almost roughly, and in a whisper came the words : "Guy, I cannot." "Cannot? That is what your love is worth ; strong enough to twine about a man's heart, to steal away his honour, to wreck his happiness, but not to give up one iota of your own miserable prejudices, not to face the world. Love ! You dont know what it means : and I, fool that I am, have wasted my whole heart on you; have-." But thc strong man's voice ceased with a great sob, there was a moment's silence, and then rapid footsteps passed by me, the clang of spurs rang out on the stone steps, and died away on the grass in front of the house, and from the moonlit verandah came the sound of a woman weeping- weeping as those that have no hope, as only broken hearts weep. At last the long-drawn sobs grew quieter, and presently light footsteps began pacing up and down, the soft sound of trailing skirts swept over the flags, and between the quiver- ing siglis came at intervals half-broken words : " Oh, my love I my love ! To leave me in auger. How shall I bear my life without you ? Oh ! God help mc 1 God help mc !" To and fro went the steps as the piteous tones rose and fell in thc still night, and I listened to every moan, to every long-drawn sob, as a man bound hand and foot may see a fellow-creature tortured and be utterly power- less. Suddenly all sound ceased, and I became conscious of a silence that at first seemed more terrible, more unnatural, than all that I had heard that night ; my heart beat high, and with a cry of " Mary " on my li pe, I sprang up and rushed at the closed door of tho bungalow It gave way as I pushed il, and I entered thc room beyond, letting mAbroad ray of moon- light. It wa« cmptvi*Jrriio rolling shutter hung at tho window ; through thc broken roof patches of light fell on the grey cemented floor, a great veil of cobwebs hung from thc black rafters, and as I stepped forward a bat flew past me into thc night, brushing its soft wings against my face. I caine to myself with a shiver. What did I expect to find ; what could this deserted room tell me of the secrets of the past ? I mentally pulled myself together, and leaving the broken doer open, I turned resolutely and quitted thc place. ^g, A quarter of an hour later I was just in rac camp parrying as host I could the jesting questions and chaff of my companions, and thankful to plead adaad headache and csoapc to bed. ".»» I was still brooding over my adventure next day, and racking my brain in the futile en- deavour to find some explanation of it, when the whole of our party decided on a visit to the old cemetery near the fort, where lie the ashes of many who fought under Colonel Wellesley. What instinct guided me I cannot explain, hut while the rest of the merry ex- plorers were scattered about examining the old tombstones and laughing over the poetic epitaphs I found my way alone to a far corner of the graveyard, and there on a plain stone road the words, " In loving memory of Mary, wife of Colonel Weston, who died at Seringa- patam of fever, 19th of June, 1810, aged 22." Whitehall Review. 