TOE STORYTELLER [NOW FlBST PUBLISHED.] The Broom-Squire. By S. BARING-GOULD, Author of 'Mehalah,' 'Court Royal,' 'The Gaverocks,' ' Cheap Jack Zita,' &c.;, &c.; [ALL BIGHTS RESERVED.] Chaptee XXV.— AN APPARITION. When Bideabout arrived in the Punch-howl, as he passed the house of the Rocliffes, he saw his sister, with a pail, coming from the cow-house. One of the cattle was ill, and she had been carry ing it a bran-mash. He went to her, and said, ' Sally !*' ' Here I be, Jonas. . What now ?' ' I want you badly at my place. There's been an accident.' « What. P TVl -n4intn P TkTnf f/i nlA rflllfoli ?' ' Old Clutch be bothered ? It is I be hurted terr'ble bad. In my arm.. If it weren't dark here, under the trees, you'd see the blood.' ' I'll come direct. That's just about it. When she's wanted, your wife is elsewhere. 'When she ain't, she's all over the shop. I'll clap down tha pail inside. You go on and I'll follow.' Jonas unlocked his house, and entered. He groped about for the tinder-box, but when he had found it was unable to strike a light with, one hand only. He seated himself in the dark, and fell into a cold sweat. Not only was he in great pain, but his mind was ill at ease, full of vague terrors. There was some thing in the corner that he could see, slightly stir ring. A little moonlight entered, and a fold flickered in the ray, then disappeared again. Again something came within the light. Was it a foot ? Was it the bottom of a shirt ? He shrank back against the wall, as far as possible from this mysterious, restless form. He looke 1 round to see that the scullery door was open, through which to escape, t-hou'd this thing move towards him. Tbe fow was grunting and squealing in her stye. Jonas hailed the Round ; there was nothing alarm ing- in. that. Had all been still in and about the house, there might have come from that undefined shadow in the corner a voice, a groan, a sigh — he knew not what. With an exclamation of relief he saw the flash of Sally Rocliffe'e lantern pass the window. Next moment she stood in the doorway. ' Where are you, Jonas ?' 'I am here. Hold up the lantern, Sarah. What's that in the corner there movin' f' ?'Where, Jonas?' ' There — you are almost touchin' it. Turn the light.' ?'That,' said his sister; 'why don' ty know your own old oilcloth overcoat as was father's ; don'ty know that when you eee It P' 'I didu't 6ee it but indistinct like,' answered Jonas. His courage, his strength, his insolence were gone out of him. ' Now, what's np P' asked Sarah. ' How have you been hurted ?' Jonas told a rambling story. He had been in the marsh. He had seen the deer, but in his haste to get within range he had run, caught his foot in a bramble, had stumbled, and the gun had been discharged, and the bullet had entered his arm. Mrs. Roeliffe at once came to him to examine the wound. ' Why, Jonas, you never did this np yourself. There's someone been at your arm already. Here's this band be off Matabel's petticoat. How came you by that ?' He was confounded, and remained silent. ' And where is the gun, Jonas F' ?' The gun !' He had forgotten all about it in his panic. Me hetabel had been carrying it when he beat her down. He had thought of it no more. He had thought of nothing after the deed but how to escape from the spot as speedily as possible. ' I suppose I've lost it,' he said. ' Some where in the moor. You see, when I was wounded I hadn't the head to think of anything else.' Mrs. Roeliffe was examining his arm. The sleeve of his coat had been cut. '? I don't understand your tele a scrap, Jonas,' she said. 'Who used his knife to slit up your sleeve P And how eomes your arm to be bandaged with this bit of Matabel's dress ?' Bideabout was uneasy. The tale he had told was untenable. There was a necessity for it to be supplemented. But his condition of alarm and pain made him unable readily to frame a story that would account for all and satisfy his sister. ' Jonas,' said Sarah, ' I'm sure you have seen Matabel, end ehe did this for you. Where is she?' Bideabout trembled. He thrust his sister from him, saying, irritably, ' Why do you worrit me with questions ? My arm wants attendin' to.' ' I can't do much to that,' answered the woman. ' A doctor should look to that. I'll go and call Samuel, and bid him ride away after one.' ?' I won't bs left alone ! ' exclaimed the Broom Squire, in a sudden access of terror. Sarah Rocliffe deliberately took the lantern and he'd it to his face. ' Jonap,' she said, ' I'll do notbin' more for you till I kaow the whole truth. You've seen your wife and there's somethin' passed between you. I see by your manner that all is not right. Where Ls Matabel ? You haven't been after the deer on the moor. You have been to the Ship.' ?' That is a lie,' answered Bideabout. ?' I have been on the moor. 'Tis there I got shot, and if you will have it all out it was Matabel who shot me.' '« Matabel shot you ? ' ' Yes it was. She shot me to prevent me from killin' him.' 'Whom?' ' You know — that painter fellow.' ' So that is the truth ? Then where is she ? ' The Broom -Squire hesitated and moved his feet uneasily. ' Jonas,' said his sister, ' I will know all.' ' Then know it,' he answered angrily. ' Somehow as she was helpin' me along, her foot slipped and she fell into the water. I had but one arm, and I were stiff wi' pains. What could I do ! I did what I could, but that weren't much. I couldn't draw her out o' the mire. That would take a man wi' two good arms, and she was able to scramble out if she like-3 But she's that perverse, there's no knowing, ehe might drown herself just to fpite me.1' ' Why did you not speak of that at once 'r'r 'Arn'tl hurt terrible bad? Arn't I got a broken arm or something like it ? When a chap is in racks o' pain he han't got his wits about him. I know I wanted help for myself, first, and next, for her ; and now I've told you that she's in the moor somewhere. She may ha' crawled out, or she may belyin' there, I run on, so fast as possi ble, in my condition, to call for help.' ' Where is she ? Where did you leave her 'r' ' Right along between here and Thor's Stone. There's an old twisted Scotch pine with magpies' nests in it — I reckon more nests than there be greenstuffs on the tree. It's just about there.' ' Jonas,' said the sister, who bad turned deadly white, and who lowered the lantern, un able longer to hold it to her brother's face with steady hand, 'Jonas, you never ort to ha' married into a gallus family ; you've ketched the complaint. It's bad enough to have men hanged on top o' Hind Head. We don't want another gibbet down at the bottom of the Punch-bowl, and that for one of ourselves.'1 Then voices were audible outside, and a light nickered through the window. In abject terror the Broom- Squire screamed 'Sally, save me, hide me: it's the con stables ! ' He cowered into a corner, then darted into the back kitchen, and groped for some place of con cealment. He heard thence the voices more dis tinctly. There was a tramp of feet in his kitchen ; ;i flare of fuller light than that afforded by Mrs. Roeliffe' s lantern ran in through the door he had left ajar. The sweat poured over his face and blinded his eyes. Bideabout's anxiety was by no means diminished when he recognised one of the voices in his front kitchen as that of Iver. Had Iver watched him instead of returning to the Ship ? Had he followed in his track, spying what he did ? Had he seen what had taken place by the twisted pine with the magpie's nest in it ? And, if so, had he hasted to Thursley to call out the constable, ani to arrest him as the murderer of his wife. Trembling, gnawing the nails of his right hand, cowering behind the copper, he waited, not know ing whither to fly. Then the door was thrust open, and Sally Roc liffe came in and called to him : ' Jonas ! here is Master Iver Verstage — very good he is to you — he has brought a doctor to attend to your arm.' The wretched man grasped his sister by the wrist, drew her to him, and whispered — '' That is not true ; it is the constable.' ' No, Jonas. Do not be a fool. Do not make folk suspect evil,' she answered in an undertone. ' There is a surgeon staying at the Ship, and this is the gentleman who has come to assist you.'' Mistrustfully, reluctantly, Jonas crept from his hiding place, and came behind his sister to the doorway, where he touched his forelock, looked about him suspiciously, and said : 'Your servant, gentlemen. Sorry to trouble you ; but I've met with an accident. The gun went off and sent a bullet into my arm. Be you a doctor, sir f ' he asked eyeing a stranger, who accompanied Iver. ' I am a surgeon. Happily, now lodging at the Ship, and Mr. Verstage informed me of what had occurred, so I have come to offer my assistance.' Jonas was somewhat reassured, but his cunning eyes fixed on Iver observed that the young painter was looking around, in quest, doubtleBs, of Mehe tabel. ' I must have hot water. Who will attend to me?' asked the surgeon. ' I will do what is necessary,' said Mrs. Roc liffe. 'Will vou go to bed?' asked the surgeon. ' 1 can best look to you then.' Jonas shook his head. He would have the fvound examined there, as he sat iu his arm chair. Then came the inquiry from Iver : ' Where is your wife, Jonas ? I thought she had rttnrned with you.' ' My wife? She has lagged behind.' 'Not possible. She was to assist you home.' ' I needed no assistance.' ' She ooght to be here to receive instructions from tbe doctor.' ' These can be given to my sister.' ' But Bideabout, where is she? ' Jonas was silent, confused, alarmed. Iver became uneasy. ' Bideabout, where is Matabel. She must be summoned.' ' It's nort to you where she be,' answered the Broom-Squire savagely. Then Mrs. Rocliffe stepped forward. ' I will tell you,' she said. ' My brother is that mad wi' pain, he don't know what to think, and say, and do. As they was coming along to gether, loving-like, as man and wife, ehe chanced to slip and fall into the water, and Jonas, having his arm ba3, couldn't help her out, as he was a-mioded, and he runned accordin' here, to tell me, and I was just about sendin' my Samuel to find and help her.' ' Matabel in the water— drowned !' ' Jonas did not say that. She failed in.' ' Matabel— fell in !' Iver looked from Mrs. Rocliffe towards Jonas. There was something in the Broom- Squire's look that did not satisfy him. It was not pain alone that so disturbed his face and gave it such ghastly whiteness. ' Bideabout,' said he, gravely, 'Imust»id will have a proper explanation. I cannot take your sister's story. Speak to me yourself. After what I had seen between you and Matabel, I must necessarily feel uneasy. I must have a plain ex planation from your own lips.' Jonas was silent ; he looked furtively from side to side. 'I will be answered,' said Iver, with vehe mence. 41 Who is to force me to speak P' asked the Broom-Squire, surlily. ' If I cannot, I shall fetch the constable. I say— where did you leave Mehetabel?' ' My sister told you— under the tree.' ' What— not in the water ?' « ' She may have fallen in. I had but one arm, and that hurting terrible.' ' Good heavens !' exclaimed Iver. ' You came home whining over your arm, leaving her in the marsh !' ' You don't suppose I threw her in?' sneered Jonas. 'Me — bad of an arm.' ' I don't know what to think,' retorted Iver. ' But I will know where Mehetabel is.' ' Why, Jonas,'' said Mi-f. Rocliffe, 'you never did thu up yourself. There's someone been at your arm alreaiy. Here's tlii; band be off Matabel's petticoat. How came yon by that ?'— Ciiaptkb XXV. In the doorway, with her back to the moon light, stood a female figure. The first to see it was Jonas, and he uttered a gasp — he thought he saw a spirit. The figure entered without a word, and all saw that it was Mehetabel. Chapteb XXVI.— A SECRET. It was indeed Mehetabel. She entered quietly, without a word, carrying Bideabout's gun, which she placed in. the corner by the fireplace. Jonas and his sister looked at her, at first terror struck, as though they beheld a ghost, then with unrest, for they knew not what she would say. She said nothing. She was deadly pale, and Iver, looking at her, was reminded of the Mehetabel he had seen in his dream. At once she recognised that her husband's arai was being dressed, and leisurely, composedly, she came forward to hold the basin of water and do whatever was required of her by the surgeon. The first to speak was Iver, who said, ' Mata bel ! We have just been told you had fallen into the water.' ' Yes. My drees is soaked.' ' And you managed to get out ? ' ' Yes. When I fell I had hold of my husband's gun, and that was caught in a bush. It held me up.' ' But— how came you to fall ?' ' I believe I was unconscious — perhaps a faint.' Nothing further could be elicited from her, then or later. Had she any suspicion that she had been struck down ? This was a question that, later, Jonas asked himself. But he never knew till — but we must not anticipate. A day or two after that eventful night he made some allusion to a blow on her head, when she appeared with a bandage round it. ' Yes,' she .said : 'I fell and hurt myself.' For some days Bideabout was in much pain and discomfort. His left shoulder had been injured by the ball that had lodged in it, and it was pro bable that he would always be stiff in that arm and be unable to raise it above the breast. He was irritable and morose. He watched Mehetabel suspiciously and with mistrust of her intentions. What did she kuow ? What did she sartnUe ? If she thought that he had attempted to put an end to her life, would she retaliate ? In his suspicion he preferred to have his sister attend to him, and Sarah CDnsented to do for him, in his sickness, what he required, not out of fraternal affection, but as a means of slighting the young wife and of observing the relations that subsisted between her and Jonas. Sarah Rocliffe was much puzzled by what had taken place. Her brother's manner had roused her alarm. She knew that he had gone forth with his jealousy lashed to fury. She had herself kindled the fire. Then he had come upon Mehe tabel and Iver on the moor, she could not doubt. How otherwise explain the knowledge of the acci dent which led Iver to bring the surgeon to the assistance of ^ier brother. But the manner in which the accident had occurred and the occasion of it, all of this was dark to her. Then the arrival of Jonas alone, and his reticence relative to his wife, till she had asked about her ; also his extraordinary statement, his manifest terror ; and the silence of Mehetabel on her reappearance, all this proved a mystery in volving the events of the night that Sarah Rocliffe was desirous to unravel. - She found that her every effort met with a re buff from Jonas and elicited nothing from Mehe tabel, who left her in the same uncertainty as was Bideabout, whether she knew anything, or sus pected anything beyond the fact that she had fallen insensible into the water. She had fallen grasp ing the gun, which had berome entangled in some bushe3, and this together with the water weeds had sustained her. When she recovered conscious ness she had drawn herself out of the marsh by means of the gun, and had seated herself under an old pine tree, till her senses were sufficiently clear. Thereupon she had made the best of her way homeward. What did she think of Jonas for having left her in the water ? asked Mw. Rocliffe. Mehetabel answered, simply, that she had not thought about it. Wet, cold, and faint, she had possessed no idea save how to reach home. There was much talk in the Punch -bowl as well as throughout the neighbourhood relative to what had taken place, and many forms were assumed by the rumour as it circulated. Most mm under stood well enough that Jonas had gone after the Peperharow deer, and was attempting to forestall others — therefore, serve him right, was their judgment, however he came by his accident. Iver left Thursley on the day following and re turned to Guildford. The surgeon staying at the Ship Inn continued his visits to the Punch bowl, as long as he was there, and then handed his patient over to the local practitioner. Mrs. Verstage was little better informed than the rest of the inhabitants of Thursley, for her son had not told her anything about the accident to Jonas, more than was absolutely necessary ; and to all her inquiries returned a laughing answer that as he had not shot the Broom-Squire he could not inform her how the thing was done. She was too much engaged eo long as the visitors .were in the house to be able to leave it ; and Mehetabel did not come near her. As soon, however, as she was more free, she started in her little trap for the Punch-bowl, and arrived at a time when Jonas was not at home. This exactly suited her. She had Mehetabel to herself, and could ask her any questions she liked without restraint. 'My dear Matabel,' she said, 'I've had a trying time of it, with the house full, and only Polly to look to for everything. Will you believe me — on Sunday I said I would give the gentlemen a little plum-pudding. I mixed it myself, and told Polly to boil it whilst I went to church. Of course I supposed she would do it properly, but with those kind of people oue must take nothing for granted.' ' Did she spoil the pudding, mother?' ' Oh, no— the pudding was all right.' ' Then, what harm was done ?' ' She spoiled my best nightcap.' 'How so?' ' Boiled the puddin' in it because she couldn't find a bag. I'll never get it proper white again, nor the frills starched and made up. And there the canary bird, too.' ' What of that, mother f' ' My dear, I told Polly to clean out the cage.' ' And did she not do it ?' ' Oh ye3— only too well. She dipped it in a pan of hot water and soda — and the bird in it.' ?'What — the canary — is it dead?' ' Of course it is, and bleached white too. That girl makes the water so thick wi' soda you could stand a spoon up in it. She used five pounds in two days.' 'Oh, the poor canary!' Mehetabel was greatly troubled for her pet. ' I don't quite understand the ways o' Provi dence,' said Mrs. Verstage. ' I don't suppose I shall till the veil be lifted. I understand right enough why oysters ain't given eyes — lest they should see those who are opening their mouths to eat 'em. And if geese were given wings like swallows, they wouldn't bide with us over Michaelmas. But why Providence should ha' denied domestic servants the gift of intelligence wherewith we, their masters and mistresses, be so largely endowed — tlut beats me. Well,' in a tone of resignation, ' one will know that some day, doubtless.' After a bit of conversation about the progress of Jonas to convalescence, and the chance of his being able to use his arm, Mrs. Vtrstage ap proached the topic uppermost in her mind. ' I should like to hear all about it from your own mouth, Matabel. There is such a number of wonderful tales going round, all contradictory, and so, of course, all can't be true. Some even tell that you fired the gun and wounded Jonas. But that is ridiculous, as I said to Maria Enti knap. And actually one story is that my Iver was in it somehow. Of course I knew he heard there was an accident. You told him when you was fetched away. Who fetched you from the Ship ? I left you in the kitchen.' 'Oh, mother,' said Mehetabel, 'All the events of that terrible night are confused in my head, and I don't know where to begin — nor what ( Continued on Page 656. J is true and what fancy, bo I'd as lief say nothing about it.' ' If you can't trust me ? 'said Mrs Verstage, somewhat offended. ' I could trust you with anything,' answered Mehetabel hastily. ' Indeed, it is not that, but somehow I fell, and I suppose with fright, and a blow I got in falling, every event got so mixed with fancies and follies that 1 don't know where truth begins and fancy ends. For that reason I do not wish to speak.' * ' Now look here,' said Mrs. Verstage, '? I've brought you a present euch as I wouldn't give to anyone. It's a coDkery book, as was given me. Sea what I have wrote, or got Simon to write for me, on the fly-leaf. Susanna Veintage, her book. Give me grace therein to look. Not only to look, but to understand, For learning is better than houses and land. When land is gone, and money is spent, The learning is most excellent. ' And the reason why I part with this, Matabel, is beciuse of that little conversation wo had together the other day at the Ship. I don't be lieve as how you and Bideabout get along tog».h?r firstrate. Now I know men, their ins and oute, pretty completely, and I know that the r.-yal ioal to their affections ia through their stomach*. You U3e this book of receipts, they're not extravagant ones, but they are all good, and in six months Jonas will jast abaut worship you.' ' Mother,' said Mehetabel, after thanking her, ' you are very kind.' ' Not at all. I've had experience in husbands, and you're, so to spaak, raw to it. They are humorou) psrsons are men. You have to give in a little here and take a good slica there. If you give up to them there'n an end to all peace and quietness. If you don't give in. enough the result is the same. What all men want is to make their wives their slaves. You know, I suppose, how Gilly Cniel, the younger, got his name of Jamaica ?' ' I do not think I do.' ' 'Why he and his Bessy are always quarrelliog. Neither will yield to the other. At last, by soma means Gilly got wind that in West Indies there are slaves, and he thought, if he could only get out there with Bess that he'd be able to enslave her and make her do what he wished. So he pretended that he'd got a little money left him in Jamaica, and must needs go out there and settle. She said she wouldn't go, and he had no call to go there, except just for the sake of getting her under hi* control. Then he talked big of the beautiful climate, and all the cooking done by the sun, and no washing needed, because.clothing ara unneces sary, and not only no washing, but no mending neither, no stockings to knit, no buttons to put on — a Paradise for wimen, said Gilly — but still he couldn't get Bessy to hear of going out' to the West Indies. At last, how it was, I can't say, but she got wind of the institootion of slavery there, and then she guessed at once what was working in Gilly's mind. Since that day he's always gone by the name of Jamaica, and fellows that want to tease him shout : 'Taken yoar passage yet for you and Bessie to Ja maica?'' 'My dear mother,' said Mehetabel, ' I should not mind being a slave in my husband'* house, and to him, if there were love to beautify and sanctify it. But it would not be slavery then ; and now I am afraid that you,' mother, have per haps took it unkind that I did not tell you' more about that shot. If so, let me make all good again between us by telling you a real secret. There's no one else knows it.' ' What is that ? ' asked the hostess eagerly. Mehetabel was nervous, and coloured. ' May I tell you in your ear ? ' Mrs. Yeretage extended an ear to her. She would have applied both to Mehetabel's mouth had that been feasible. The young wife, with diffidence, whispered something. A beam of satisfaction lit up the old woman's face. ' That's famous. That's just as it ort. With that and with the cookery book, Jonas'll just adore you. There's nutbin' like that for makin' a home homely.' ? ' . . 'Atd you'll come to me?' .- ' My dear, if alive and well, without fail.' . . (To be continued,.) 