ASA. THE CONCLUDING SCENES. ihe Armada had been ostentatiously a religions crusade. The preparations had been attended with peculiar solemnities. In the eyes of the faithful it was to be the execu tionof Divine justice on a wicked prinoess and a wicked people. In the eyes of millions whose convictions were less decided it was an ap peal to God’s judgment to deoidu between the Reformation and the Pope. The Spaniards were experienced sailors ; a voyage round the Orkneys and round Ireland to Spain might be tedious, but at that season of the year need not have seemed either dangerous or difficult. On inquiry, how ever, it was found that the condition of the fleet was serionsly alarming. The provisions placed on hoard at Lisbon had been found nufib for food, and almost sll had been thrown into the sea. The fresh stores taken in at Corunna had been consumed, and it was found that at the present rate there would be nothing left in a fortnight. Worao than all, the water-casks re-filled there had been oarelessly stowed- They had been SHOT THROUGH IN THE FIGHTING and were empty ; while of clothing or ether coinfortB for the oold regions which they were entering no thought had been taken. The males and horses were flung overboard, and Sootch smacks which had followed the retreating fleet reported thatthey hadsailed for miles through floating caroases. The rations j were reduced for each man to a. daily half P“*>nJ apintiat..,, i*--* of wine. Thus, sick and hungry, the wounded left to the care of a medical officer, who went from ship to ship, the aubjeots of so many prayers were left to encounter the climate of the North Atlantic. They passed the Orkneys in a single body. They then parted, it was said in a fog, but eaoh com mander had to look out for himself and his men. In many ships water must bo had somewhere, or they would die. The San Martin, with sixty consortB, wont north to the sixtieth parallel. From that height the pilots promised to take them down clear of the coast. Tho wind still dung to the west, each day blowing harder than the last. When they braced round to it their wonnded spars gave way. Their rigging parted. With the greatest difficulty they made at least sufficient offing, and rolled down somehow out of sight of DIPPING THEIR YARDS IN THE ENORMOUS SEAS. Of the rest, one or two went down among the Western Isles and became wrecks there, their crows, or part of them, making their way through Scotland to Flanders. Others went north to Shetland or the Faroe Islands. Between thirty and forty were tempted in upon the Irish coasts. Thera were Irishmen in the fleet, who must have told them that they would find the water there for which they were perishing, safe harbors, and a friendly Catholic people; and thoy found either harbors which they could not reach or sea-washed sands and reefs. They were all wrecked at various places between Donegal and the Blaskets. Something like eight thousand half-drowned wretches STRUGGLED ON SHORE ALIVE. Many were gentlemen, richly dressed, with velvet coats, gold ohsins and rings. The common sailors and soldiers had been paid their wages before thoy started; ■ each had a bag of ducats laBhed to his waist when ho landed through the surf. The wild Irish of the coast, tempted by the bootv, J knocked unknown cumbers of them on the ' head with their naked and left ““HiMfLiiliafl. and he heard more a few miles distant. The better educated of the Ulster chiefs, the O’Rourke and O'Donnell, harried down to stop the butchery and spare Ireland the shame of murdering helpless Catholic friends. Many—how many cannot be said—fonnd protection in their castles. But even so it Beemedas if some inexorable fate pursued all who had- sailed in that doomed expedition. Alonzo do Leyva, with half a hundred young Spanish nobles of high rank who were under , his special charge, made his way in a galleass iuto Killibeg. He was himself disabled in landing. O'Donnell received and took , care of him and his companions. After le mainine in O’Donnell’s castle for a month he recovered. The weather appeared to mend. The galleasB was patched up, and De Leyva ventured an attempt to make hi: way in her to Scotland. He had passed the worst danger, and Scotland was almost in sight ; but Fate would have its victims. The galleass struck a rock off Dnnluce and went to pieces, and Don Alonzo and the princely youths who had sailed with him were WASHED ASHORE, ALL DEAD, to find an unmarked grave in Antrim. Most pitiful of all was the fate of those who fell into the hands of the English garrisons in Galway and Mayo. Galleons had fonnd their way into Galway Bay; one of thorn had reached Galway itself, the orews half dead with famine, and offer ing a cask of wine for a cask of water. The Galway townsmen were human and tried to feed and care for them. Most were too far gone to be revived, and died of exhaustion. Some might have re covered, but recovered they would be a danger to the State. The English in the West of Ireland were but a handful in the midst of a sullen, half-conquered popu lation. The ashes of tho Desmond rebel lion were still smoking, and Dr Sanders and his Legatine Commission were fresh in immediate memory. The defeat of the Armada in the Channel conld only have been vaguely heard of. All that English officers . oould have accurately known must have been that an enormous expedition had been sent to England by_Philip to restore the Pope; , and Spaniards, they feund, were landing in thousands in the midst of them with arms and money ; distressed for tho moment, hat sure, if allowed time to get their strength again, to set Connaught in a blaz9. They had no fortresses to hold so many prisoners, no means of feeding" them, no men to spare to escort them to Dublin. They were respon Bible to the Qneen’s Government for tho safety of the country. The Spaniards had hot come on any errand of mercy to her or hers. The stern order went oat to KILL 1HEM ALL wherever they might be found, and two thou and or more were shot, hanged, or put to the sword. The sixty BhipB which had followed the San ' Martin succeeded at last in getting round Cape Clear, bnt in a condition scarcely less miserable that that of- their companions who had perished in Ireland. Half their companies died—died of nntended wounds, hunger, thirst and famine fever. The snr vivors were moving skeletons, more shadows and ghosts than living men, with soaraa hattleaxes, or stripped them them to die, of the cold. On aSfcuKPisp e were m roanv ! strength left them to draw a rope or handle a tiller. In same ships there was no water for fourteen days. The weather in the lower latitudes lost part of its violence, or not one. of them would have seen Spain again As it was, they drifted on outside Soilly and into the Bay of Biscay, and in the second week in September they dropped in one by 