Iingswood Chace, 'It is but prophecy for prophecy after all Lady Maud,' responded Philip sharply, 'and your remark brings me to one of the objects of my visit.' Regarding her earnestly, he continued-' I know the Kingswoods to be a doomed race. In making you mine I willingly accept toy share of the fatal destiny-nay, I defy it. You shall yet see how. It is said that.the ' Bad Baron of Kingswood' haunts the Chace; that at times his form appears within it. For years this phantom noble has not been seen in the forest save by a half.witted ruffian who himself haunts the Chace, and lives no one knows how, no one knows where. He has made strange statements, to the effect that at times, in.the dead night hour, when honest folks slumber, and poachers are active, when the moon's beams throw the shadows of the trees to the westward, he has seen a misty form fleeting through and about the alleys in the Chace. Probably the fellow has mistaken his own shadow for a phantom. Be that as it.may, he certainly has tradition on his side; for tradition, so I believe, Lady Kingswood, asserts that the 'Spectre of the Race' appears in the precincts of Kingswood Hall when some heavy calamity is hovering over the House of Kingswood. Now, it is roundly asserted by many whose duties take them into the plantations in the night-time, that this phantom of the doom-dealing Baron of Kingswood, dead three hundred years or more, appeared within the broad glade, and in the obscurity of the narrow alleys of Kingswood Chace, in November last.' A half-smothered shriek burst from the lips. of Lady Kiogswood. 'November last,' she repeated hurriedly; .' November, are you sure ?' As sure, Lady Kingswood,' responded Philip Avon, vindictively, ' as sure as I am that your ladyship made at that very period an honoured guest of one who was said to be singularly like this said ghostly noble-one who betrayed a fancy to take my life.' ' And who saved mine at the peril of his own,' emphatically appended Lady Maud, ere he could add another word. With a malignant curl upon his lip, he said Beloved Lady Maud, you have rather surfeited me with those sentiments. I am content to understand that you remember the event to which you allude, and I will not trouble you with its repetition. If you so far extend your gracious condescension to me as to refrain from interrupting me, I will proceed with the subfect of my discourse." Lady Maud turned coldly from him, but Lady Kingswood urged him to proceed, and soon Lady Maud, little as she would a moment previously have credited it, listened to him herself with breathless interest. 'I said,' proceeded Philip Avon, 'that in November last the phantom baron appeared simultaneously with the mysterious pro/egŽ of Lord Kingswood, and what, perhaps is-or, by the say, may not be-remarkable is that theprotegŽ and phantom disappeared simul taneously. We know why the protegsi fled like a criminal-stay Lady Maud, remember I said 'like,' and be good enough to hear further before you speak.' This renmark was the more insu!ting as SLady Maud had not by movement or gesture given any indication that she had even heard what he said. She replied, however, to the taunt only by more decidedly turning her back to him. 'From that hour this phantom has not been seen in the wood until last night ?' he exclaimed 'with sudden emphasis. ' Last night ?' echoed Lady Kingswood, ' with a startled look. '.Last night,' repeated Philip Avon; * not an unfitting night for a phantom baron to rove about in.' 'It was an awful night,' remarked Lady KingSwood, in a nervous undertone. ' The wildest noises prevailed, especially in the ancient portion of the Hall. The domestics -assert-that they were awakened from their Bleep by a turmoil which terrified them be. yond description. Even I myself was aroused. and terrified by--' Lady Maud turned suddenly, and faced her with an appealing look, which Lady Kingswood saw and instantly understood, and she added ' Whbit I heard,' Pbilip detected the look which passed between Lady Maud and Lady Kingswood. His jealous nature took fire instantly. S,'Pray, what did you see, Lady Kingswood ?' he sisked, in a suspicious tone. o' Iothiag which ought to have terrified me, Mr. Avon,' she rejoined, quickly. With an unsatisfied air, he bowed, and, co?itinued L 'The assertions of your domestics, singular as they may appear, are confirmed in a strange maniiner .'by the statements which have been "made to methis morning. I have told you that the phantom re-appeared last night in the forest. It frightened the fellow who saw it odti of his witr, for he fled, leaving behind him sbme weapons and other articles, which, strange tosay, the phantom secured-a fact which was ascertained by the frightened hind who lost.thbem. Some time afterwards he ' setursied for them under the impression that th?'i spectre, satisfied with having scared him, would depart peacefully. His weapons were gone-the unearthly shape had possessed itself of very earthly .things. '.As the-night wore on, the- hind neared the Hall, aind was further alarmed by perceiving lights moving in the library-the ancient -libra'ry, I mean, Lady Maud. I have heard that you are food of old lore; you, possibly, fri?uent that ancient receptacle for monkish legends. That light remained there the live longjnight, and was only paled out by the dawn. Can you tell me whethler it was the spirit,: or was it you, Lady Maud-high couraged as I know you to be- who preferred the sill night for your hours of study, and osn'ly quitted the library when the sun was high, and all the world was astir, bustling 'and noisy, disturbing quiet thought ?' ,.Lady Maud, although she strove to appear calm, was perceptibly agitated. She raised 'her eyes to those of Lady Kingswood, and found them fastened upon her with a search. ing look of inquiry. Maud dropped her eyes 'agairi and remained silent. Lady Kingswood remembeired that Maud in her sleep-wander. inge had'returned to her chamber from the directi6n of the library. She remembered that she had met hIer but a short time pre. viously issuing from that very chamber with a radiantsmile upon her face. What did it mean ? Could her visit have any connection with.the strange story Philip had been relat ing to thein ? SLady,Klngswood had a misgiving that it might She turned white as the thought flashed tbrough her mind. She resolved to qiiestion Maud closely upon this point, and eto search narrowly into it. But .not now. Whesn Maud was alone with her she believed would be the time to probe her heart. In the quietude of her own chamber she believed 'slie' might unravel all. Lady Maud bent a glance on Lady Kings. wQo?d's face, and read what wras passing in her mind. Her bosom heaved, and her eyelids fell tremsbling over her humid eyes. "Phi!ip finding that Lady Maud returned him no reply, continued ' "I have no weak fancies or foolish terrors; I place my own interpretation upon what has occurred, and I will put myself in the position of giving a true reading of the whole mystery. I have already made some arrangements, and I shall at once perfect them, so that I may obtain a meeting with the phantom, whether it be in the Chace or in the old library. I will know his motive for re-appearing, and he shall know how I will accept and treat it.' Lady Kingswood uttered a shriek, for Lady Maud fell upon the ground as if she had been lifeless. Philip rushed forward and raised her, hut Lady Kingswood snatched her from hi. arms. 'No, no! Not you! Go, go, Mr. Avon. Leave me, I will restore her; but it must be alone. Go, I entreat-I command you I' Lady Kingswood spoke with such impera tiveness that he was compelled to obey, but hie muttered as he quitted the room 'It is as I suspected. I will meet the ghost in the wood this time. My hand and eye shall not fail me. I will lay the ghost, and then, Lady Maud, I'll bring you to my feet.' He passed hastily out of Kingswood Hall, and strode across the park in the direction of the Chace. CHAPTER LVI. PHARISEE, firmly grasped in the arms of the skeleton, fell into convulsions of horror. The cold bony grip, and the scent of skeleton were to positive too admit of any reasoning, and he therefore continued his shrieks and struggles, until by accident his elbow touched the hitherto unfound knob, a pressure upon which would open the door of thie cell, and open it accordingly came. One fierce wrench, and he was out of the grasp of the skeleton, upon thie floor. He paunted and moaned for a few minutes, and then he raised himself to his knees ruefully. Then it occurred to him that he had got to make his escape out of the room. He rushed to the windows-they were barred; he made for the door-but he re membered old Pengreep's words as he closed it behind him when he departed, and he recollected also the unpleasant click of the lock as the bolt shot into its receptacle. He hammered with both hands on the door and stamped about the apartment in wild despair. At the very moment be was trying to de vise some remedy for his desperate position, his eye caught sight of a rope dangling down the chimney aud rested on the stove. He rushed to it and seized it. Almost at the same moment a gruff voice, which he recognised at once to be Albertina's called down the sooty shaft ' Climb up the chimney; the rope is tied fast up bere.' Atsuch a moment as this, and in such a condition as that in which he was placed, what need was there of parley? He intro duced himself into the the chimney, seized the rope, set to work to raise himself by hands and knees, and persevered until he emerged at the top, begrimed with soot so completely that not a feature of his face was visible. Albertina, as soon as his head and shoul ders appeared, with a spasmodic cry of joy, seized him and dragged him out. He gazed around him; he could see half over London. He was upon a flat roof, and the fresh air blew over his face strongly and not unpleasantly, except that it forced the particles of soot up his nose and compelled him to sneeze violently. As soon as he could speak, be said buskily SLet us fly.' Don't be afraid, ducky,' replied Albertina. ' We are pretty safe here.' ' But I want to get away from this cursed place,' cried Pharisee. 'So do I,' she answered; ' but business is business. Where's the packet of Kingswood papers ?' Aye, to be sure, where was that packet ? It had gone from Pharisee's gaze, and he had not the remotest notion of what had become of it. He ran his hands over his pockets and his body. ' I haven't got it,' he said, with a mystified expression on his face. 'That's a lie, my dearest darling I' she re sponded, with great rapidity and some fero city. ' You snatched it out of my hands just as we beard Pengreep and Mr. Vernon at the door. Where is it? Come, youl beauty, no tricks, or I'll chuck you into the street, and say you fell off the roof !' SBut I haven't got it, my princess-it dropped somewhere in the room below when I hid myself,' he replied, with a shudder. 'Then you must go back for it, you precious idiot, you,' she responded. ' I will help you again, and take it from you when you get to the top, love.' ' No, I'll be dashed if I do !' he cried with vehemence. 'I was locked up with that awful skeleton; that's where the packet is. I recollect now, that when the frightful object caught me.round the waist, I dropped it.' 'You are afraid, you coward,' she suggested viciously. ' I admit the weakness, my bride elect no longer; and I positively do not go down that tunnel into the room, not even to win your fascinating self. Let me go away from this place,' he said making for the outlet to the stairs. She stopped him. ' I will go myself,' she exclaimed, with em phasis. 'You, my seraph I' he cried with amaze meet. 'Yes,' she returned, 'but you must help me to get up again.' 'I will, my noble Albertina,' he cried, eagerly. Albertina might before have entered old Pengreep's room by this route,.or she might not; but she went about the matter in a very business.like way. She sat on the chimney-stack, caught hold of the rope, and said ' You must haul me up when I hallo-I can't climb well, cherub.' 'Call out when you are ready, imd I'll pull you up,' he replied. He designed to possess himself of the paper as soon as she emerged from the chimney, and before she could get upon the leads to dart down the stairs and away. Albertina drew a long breath, and down she dived. Pharisee heard a crumbling and a fall of moriar. Presently all was still, and be presumed that she was safely in the room. In a few minutes he heard bhollow tones ascend the chimney ' All right, hubby. I've got it-haul away. Pharisee pulled at the rope with a will, but Albertina was a dead weight, and did not come up easily. Still she came up slowly. As soon as she was fairly out of the chim ney, she shook herself Pharisee, but for what had happened, could have laughed con vulsively at hier. ' Now, listen to me,' said she ' ee haven't an instant to lose. I will put you in Pen greep's room, and I will go in my own 1 you must wash and change your clothes; there are plenty of Pengreep's to wear. We can't go abroad the objects we are now. Quick, quick I our fortunes depend upon our getting away from this house in a few minutes,' i But the packet,' he said anxiouslyg, for he could not tee it. 'Aha l' she chuckled; ' I have that in a place safe enough. Come along.' With that she seized hold of him, and dragged him on to the staircase, and descend ing a flight, bundled him into a bed-chamber. 'Look sharp;I dori't know one minute from another now that Pengreep may not be back.' At this hint Pharisee dived into the chamber, performed a rapid ablution, attired himself, found a pair of spectacles with blinkers, put them on, and descended the stairs just as Albertina was arriving from her room. Albertina had completely changed herself. She wore a very large bonnet, and over it was a thickl veil. From her shoulders de pended a large black cloak; what beneath she wore he could not see, but she appeared at least three times her usual circumference. I am ready,' she said, with a cackle. 'Your luggage?' he sottly suggdsted, 'I have none but what you see,' she re plied. 'Money, money, money !' she gib bered; 'that is in the bank, in stocks, in tihe funds. I have got the books with me.' ' You are such a business-like seraph,' be said. ' You naughty child,' she responded, ' if you don't go, old Pengreep will pop in and stop us.' In a moment Pharisee was on the door step, closely followed by Albertina, who slammed the door behind her. ' Follow me,' she said, in a low tone. ' I know the way to take.' Pharisee complied, and she hurried on. Street after street she pursued for at least three quarters of an hour. At last she stopped in a wide, open space. 'There is an old-fashioned inn, where coaches start from, close here,' she said, as she paused, speakingin a whisper. 'If we stop at it, the waiters will think we have come from the country, and Peng will never come there to look for us, you know.' 'No--o--o !' responded Pharisee, not knowing what answer to make. SAnother thing, you know,' she continued, giving him a poke In the ribs, ' we can take a 'bus from here to Doctors'.commons in the morning, and then proceed with the licence to the nearest church to be married.' 'Ye-e-ae-s i' answered Pharisee, still hesitating. ' Come along, then,' she exclaimed catch ing him by the arm, and conducting him towards the inn. She entered it, and, under her direction, Phariseecalled for a sitting- room and two bed-rooms, which were allotted to them. They ordered a tea- supper, as people do who have come off a journey, The morning dawned, gloomy and drizzly. Pharisee had not slept a wthk all night. He was intensely anxious to possess the Kings wood papers, but he saw plainly that to get them he must marry her. They bad talked the matter over the evening previously, and be ascertained that she had secreted them in some place of safety, but that if oaths were to be relied upon, they would be handed to him the moment the marriage ceremony was over. It seemed to bim that he had now gone too tar to recede, and that when he at once got possession of the papers, he must give his bride the cut in the most effectual way he could devise. The wedding-breakfast was swallowed. Albertina was in high festivity, and dressed smartly, considering the circumstances of her elopement. Pharisee was very sallow and thoughtful, but the course of events rolled on. They discharged their, bill, and were set down by a hired conveyance at Doctors' commons, hayving bought the ring on their way ,The necessary formalities gone through, the licence was obtained, and a trcket-porter conducted them to a neighbouring church, where some other couples were about to be tied in bonds of wedlock. As they entered the porch Albertina paused. Shite held a blue cotton handerchief to her eyes, and faltered SI am about to fling myself upon you, my beloved. I have lived single and blessedtor some years; it is a great hazard, a lottery, and all that. I know what I have been, I don't know what I may become. You will, my. treasure, be affectionate, be a kind, a true, and faithful husband till death do us part, won't you, cherub?' My beautiful,' he responded, 'no infernal, ridiculous doubts at this moment, 'You will give me the papers, you know.' 'My life, they are yours,' she responded, with impetuous warmth. ' Hand them to me then, dearest,' he said hastily and nervously. 'When the dear little gold ring is on this finger of mine,' she replied. *'Then they are your own,' He groaned and followed her up to the altar, where the ceremony was performed over them and a batch of other happy ex pectants. Once more they stood in the porch of the church. Pharisee cast his eyes about to see if the coast was clear for a run. 'The papers, dear little girl; you know you have sworn to give them to me,' he said, agitatedly. 'There,' she said; 'there they are, they are yours.' 'No, they are mine I' shouted a voice in their ears, as the packet, souatcied out of her hand, disappeared. They both looked up affrightedly and saw old Pengreep glowering down upon them. He showed his teeth at Pharisee. 'Felon ' he cried. 'Shall I cal a police man ?' With a yell of despair Pharisee turned and fled with the speed of a deer. With a shriek Albertina dashed after him, while old Pengreep, thrusting the packet beneath his coat, glided awaylike a phantom, CHAPTER LVII. As Erlestood before the portriait of the bad -Baron of Kingswood in the old hunting lodge, its sudden gliding from its position affected him with awe, not from the fact of its falling from the place where it had for so many years hung immovable, but from the coincidence. He ascribed the accident to a sudden rush of wind, which agitating the picture, caused the rotten supports to give way and the portrait to fall. The effect was a natural consequence of the cause, and the event ought not to have surprised him; under ordinary circumstances it would not, but be had not forgottenthe wonders of the previous night, and the recollection that the portrait in the picture-gallery of this same remarkable ancestor of the Kingswood race had fallen with a tremendous crash, while he and Lord and Lady Kingswood were gazing upon it, made him view the similiar occurrence in the hunting-lodge as a concurrence sufficiently startling to thrill every nerve in his frame. There was a remarkable identity between the two pIictures; they were apparently painted by the same hand; tbhe costume was the same in both; and though one might have been a copy of the other, there was a degree of exactness between them which Erle could not avoid noticing. Here, how ever, he had a better opportunity of examio. ing this singular portrait, for the light which fell upon it was bright and almost dazzling, presenting indeed a 'remarkable contrast to that semiobscurity in which be had contem plated the counterpart in the gallery at Wingswood HNall, 