FICTION. FARMER MACK, Written for the Examiner and Tasmanian. By ADELINE J. WIIITFEID. Author of 'My Lady,' ' Midge,' 'Rex,' etc. CHAPTER II1.-THE GIIOST. -Continued. The hon. Mrs Fullard looked very pale, but said nothing, though the old lady who was suddenly roused by the unwonted light,immediately demanded the reason for the same. Farmer Mack's florid face was flushed with annoyance, and he was about to excuse himself and retire to his own room, when a trim housemaid entered with the tea. He sat down then and re lieved his feelings by stirring his tea vigorously, thereby making a great noise. No one had dared to close the shutters again, but now old Mrs Fullard directed the maid to perform that office. A little later a breeze sprang up and then Mr Pickara went out shooting, the ladies and Farmer Mack repairing to the garden. No mention was made of the circumstance which had so disturbed the good old man, but as they went down the gar den they followed a path which led to a miniature lake surrouudeb by weep ing willows, delicate shru , old man ferns, and pampas grass. The willows overhung the water and were reflected in it, dyed now all crimson and gold from the glow of the setting sun, and a pair of swans floated idly on the surface. It was all very beautiful, but Farmer Mack did not seem to heed the beauty. He wal ed up to a solitary rock which was near, and kicked it savagely. Then he glanced at the heon. Mrs Fullard apolo getically 'I feel as though I must kick sum mat,' he said, ' but there ain't much sense in kicking a stone, an' its hard on the boots, ain't it ?' The lady made no reply, but d Mrs Fullard said in her quavering tones. ' You look put out Mr Mack.' Farmer Mack said nothing but he set off walking on the winding path which led round the lake a tremendous pace. After that nothing occurred to disturb his equanimity till the even of the next day, when lie had strolled down the garden for his customary smoke. He was lean;ng back com fortably on a rustic seat, which had been placed in the centre of a little plot of grasssurrounded by bushes, and was ruminating in a way he had of his own, when voices from a little arbor near broke in upon his meditations. The first was that of Mr Pickara in a tone of earnest pleading. 'Listen to what I have to say first,' he said, ' and then tell me what you will.' 