[?] [?] ' IS L0J8 i B81AS 1 i 8 e I M «Vv H (\ by a 3 MRS HERBERT MARTIN. I // Mi Night was falling— a grey, damp October night — on the great wilderness of London. Night pierced by the sounds of the vast city, which s'rike so mournfully at times on the ear of one who vaguely listens in the solitude that is loneliest of all, the solitude set in a crowd. Such a solitude was George Brandon's, as as he sat over the fire in hiB luxuriously fur nished flat in South Kensigton. The flat and die furniture were alike new as well as 2oatly. A year ago he had been -very dif ferently housed, a struggling young journabit in dingy rooms in Camden "Town. Those poverty-stricken days were over, when he hardly knew where his next dinner was to come from. The death of an old cousin who left no will, and from whom he had no expec tations, had given him comparative wealth, and he wdp rising into repute as a clever writer. But as he. sat now, musing, with the un opened magazine on on his knee, he did not look much happier for his change of fortune. He was dreaming of the past, which chance, or Providence, had oddly recalled with "extra ordinary vividness to a memory which had never quite let it go. His eyes had fallen, at one of the station bookstalls, on the colored print sold with one of the Christmas annuals that shower about our ears now with the lutumn leaves— almost as thickly. A likeness which attracted him to it had surprised him more and more ; almost against himself he had returned to the stall, with a cynical half -smile at his own fatuity, and had bought the pretty, worthless thing, because it reminded him of that rillage near the Thames, the little humble cottage, overgrown with Virginia creeper, that rammer three years aeo, and of the very spirit presence that made the place, the cottage, &K; .ammer, lovely. The picture represented a young girl, slender, butwround, whose curly hair surrounded an innocent and happy face. Perhaps the likeness was only superficial, yet it did remind him of Molly Ellis — poor, pretty, merry little Molly, the daughter of his laud, lady, a faded, melancholy lady, widow of an wlucky curate. He had never been able to inderstand how such a parentage could have given birth to Molly, whose apple-hlo38om face, dark- blue eyes and sweet young month were made for joy, ahd not sorrow. "It's like— yet it's not like," he mused. Molly was prettier, and less pretty. There was more irregularity in her face, but more character, more charm. That girl hasn't Molly's enchanting dimple nor her russet- red hair. Her eyes were larger; they had a wistful look in them sometimes, though she was so merry, so full of life. They turned away from me with teara in them, I remember, when I said good-bye. How could I say good-bye and nothing more? I don't know; it was on he tip of my tongue to tell her .what I felt— that 1 loved the dear little thing as I had never loved any girl, that if only she would wait — wait — hut I darednot ask her. I thought then it meant endless and hopeless years. How could I tell that to-day I should be rich and dull hnd lonely. Was it my fault ? Yet I felt a beast as I went away and left her standing there and looking after me, so sadly, in the porch, with the red creeper hanging round her pretty head, which the sunbeam just caught. Oh ! haven't I seen her a hundred times stand ing so aud looking after me? Haven't I heard that sweet, young, round voice a hundred times, as X used to hear it before X was quite awake in that little attic room, singing her innocent love songs ? I used to say, "That voice has no pas sion in it, though the child uses passionate songs." But how sweet it was! They were desp srately sentimental those songs of hers full of nightingales and golden days, and al the delicious despairs of young love ! " xnere was one sne always sang, Liove is a dream.' Poor Molly! I hope, she woke from her dream soon, and found a happy, common place, waking reality of life ! I seem to blame myself, hut I was not to blame. I did not for get her. No, God knows I never did. Com pared with her I know I am a worldling and a cynic, but I -honored her as mnch as I loved her. I wrote when I got tin money. It was like a stab at my heart when that letter came back from the Dead Letter Office, with its cold official scrawl, 4 Gone away — no address.' I daresay she's all right — married to some lucky fellow by now. She was sure to marry. There was the doctor's assistant, that red- handed, sallow-faced bounder, who was so desperately jealous of me, and scowled over the pews all service time when I sat by Molly and held the hymn-book with her. Bless her little , heart, how sweet her voice sounded in my ears ! He may very likely be a full-fledged.apbthecary by now, and she maybe Mrs Gallipot some where. It's odd I can't forget the child. Sometimes I think I have. The memory of that halcyon month' sleeps/and I go jogging alpfig all right, and fancy romance is quite dead bind gone, but it's only hypnotised. It wakes, and I know it is alive. A thing like that"— he glanced up at tfhe colored print which was pinned above his mantelshelf— 44 sets all my philosophy at naught, and . I am spooning and mooning again as if I wr-re the drudging, poverty-stricken, unlucky, lucky, poor devil I used to ha three years ago, before my fortu mended and my hear hardened." He sat aud let his pipe go out. His melan choly, dark eyes dwelt on the smiling face, but he saw something else through and behind it. He looked into deeper, tenderer eyes, that used to falter and shift under his when they grew too ardent; he saw the flitting rose thata deepened inflection or a half-caressing word would make blossom on her cheek; he heard in the silence, that was onlybroken by the tumble and theories of the streeiAown below,' the echo of a fresh, 'gay, and yet somehow pathetic voice winging in the orchard where the blackbirds sang. The foolish sentimental words came t back that did not seem foolish then. " Love is a dream — love is a dream — and sad is the awakening." Yts, a dream ! he was dreaming it all over again ; and he did not want to wake. If only he need not — if he could annihilate time and space and bring Molly — his own Molly- pretty and warm and sweet — to his lonely arms — his empty hearth. He had sat thus, lost in the mista of memory, he did not know how long, without moving, without any consciousness of material things, of every sensation bat that strange and pass ionate longing for what was lost and gone. Suddenly it seemed to him that this very deBire of his produced a miracle. A voice from that past he had evoked, _ au echo from those happy bygone days— was it a living voice or did it come from nothing of flesh and blood, but from a spirit that called his spirit, telling him that his lost love, his un- wooed sweetheart, had mssad bevond these ... — f — w _ voices? He thought so. He sat rigid, listening to that wild, sad, wandering voice, believing it came from no mortal woman. Aud the voice sang, 44 Love is a clream — love is a dream — aud sad is the awakening ! " It was Molly's song, it was Moily's voice — ah, no, that could not be! It was a delusion, born of the thoughts that had overpowered him ; or else Molly was dead, was a disembodied spirit, and had come back to visit the glimpses of the moon for his dear sake, for he knew well enough the child had. loved him, silently, with theater vor of an untried heart that hardly knew how much it could love. So he sat oh, like a frozen image of a man, and listened to thit voice from the distance. He might have let it go by thus— it was getting fainter as if it passed, when a strong shudder passed over him and shook him, as it were, into ordinary life and consciousness. His common sense asserted itself ; he found himself on his feet and awake. 44 It is not a delusion ! It is no spirit ! " He uttered the words aloud ; it seemed to him as if someone else spoke them. All that he was now conscious of was a horrible fear lest that wandering voice should go by and leave him alone — should ' be lost in the darkness of the vast and cruel streets, and pass once more out-of his life — for ever. Before he realised entirely what he was doing, what overwhelming influence coerced him, he found himself h&tless;, panting in the quiet street, and the voice was silent. Despair clutched him. He had lost her— again. Which way should he turn? Bat farther off, some hundred yards distant, he heard it again, but faint and faltering. This time it sang the dear old ballad which he made her learn to please him, 44 Kathleen Mavourneen" — 44 It maybe for years, and it may be for ever" — He turned -and darted towards the sound. He moved and acted like a somnambulist. The slender, trem bling, shabby figure in black was close to him. A sad, pale, pathetic little face, whose dark blue eyes spoke of heart-break, was raised, and the dim light of the street lamp faintly illumined it. Oh, Molly! Molly! pretty, smiling, happy little Molly ! have you come to this — to this ? He took her arm gently, tenderly, but even that gentle touch made her start away from hftn with a shiver of terror and repulsion. Poor child 1 she had learnt to shudder at the touch of her kind, to look on passing men as all enemies to the one thing left her— her self- respect. 44 Let go of me !" she said, tremblingly. "No, Molly, not now I have found you. Never again, Molly." He spoke firmly and slowly. He had found her, but he dared hardly yet rejoice. How had he fonnd her? In the dreadful, cruel street, alone, unprotected, in poverty— a street singer \ He would never forsake her, never be anything but her truest friend and champion, but till he knew more he dared not think of more. " Molly?" she said wildly, staring at him with bewildered eyes, from which the terror had not yet gone. ' 44 Who calls me Molly now ? Who are you?— oh, I cannot see— the light is so dim— or my eyes are, I daren't «»« who you may be !" 44 Someone who is yonr friend— your friend. Bat come in - come home— oat of this cold and dark, Molly — ouffcf these hateful streets. Don't you know me, Molly ? ' Have yon quite for gotten ? O God ."'—sobbing in a sudden agony of relief— 44 it ia you. I dared not believe it. You, you at last— after all this time." She clung to him now, with both her «»»», cold little hande. He drew her swiftly bat gently to Ithe doorway from which he came.. He took, her, almost carrying her, up the two flights of stone Btairs to his own door. In another moment Molly was in the heart of the warm, Eoftly lighted, r softly furnished room, and had Bunk among the cushions -of the deep armchair in front of the fire, still sobbing in. the deep relief of tears. He said nothing at first. She must be warmed and fed and comforted before he dared to look into the past or forward to the future. He took off her shabby black hat, her little thin mantle, with a touch like a woman. His ba he'or tray of coffee with the spirit lamp was ready on the table. He made a cup hot and forced her tenderly to sip it. The faintest dawn of the old sweet color was coming on the worn white face ; when she looked up at him aud tried to smile her gratitude his heart bounded. He saw his former love again ; he knew that into whatever dire straits some cruel fate had brought her it was Ms own Molly, sweet and pure and faithful, that looked through those tear-dimmed eyes. 41 Oh, " she said, her words cut in two with a sob, 44 how good— how good you are to me! Is it really you ? Am I dreaming it all ? Shall I wake ! — outside in the dark and the cold and the fear?" He knelt at her feet and 1 ooked up at her. He was not afraid oflooking now. ' Darling, you shall never wake out of this dream. It is I— and I love you. Didn't you know I loved you three years ago ?" 44 1— I thought so. But yon went away.'" ,--4.4 1 was afooifirgo, but I never meant to be a viflain. i wtostor then — I hadn't any Hope." . \;\ > " Poor?" she said wonderiugly, as her eyes vgfanced round, tJrooW chat to her simple fahcyshemed fit for ap&la;'ce. " I whs poor theSfmfpected always to be. This money _rameXdrbel3iily a year ago when I had lost sight ofyou. I wrote, Molly ; I wrote to ask you to share it with me, to be my own wife. I never wanted any other woman " 44 You wrote to me ?" 44 Yes, the letter came hack. Your address was net known. I lost you. Oh, my precious one, I have found you now ! I never will let you go i" 44 The winter after you were with us," she began, stumbling iu the c infusion of her mind over her words, 44 that next winter, three years a»o nearly, my mother died. I had not a peony io the world when our debts were paid. I had no home ; there was one offered me; you remember, perhaps, young Brown, Dr Pilbsbury's assistant." George Brandon noidel; he conld hardly repress a smile at the remembrance of his rival, and a faint ghost of a sprite flitted over : the giri's face for an instaut and then passed. \- 44 Ah, I know you used t j laugh at hun — aud I did, too. Poor Sam ! But though he was so unciuth and ugly, so unlike you, I ought not to laugh, even to smile, at him. He was faithful aud true, and I had not a friend. He wanted me to go and live with his mother till he could afford to marry me. But I could not, I could not. I never conld forget you." George laid his lips on her hands ; he had not yet attempted to caress her. 44 1 conld not stay there. People were not friendly or kind. Mrs Brown and her daughters were very angry with me. 1 answered an advertisement as a mother's help near London, and I went there. It was a very, very hard plac9. They gave me very little and I had uo rest. I had four little children always to look after. Taey were not kind to me. But I stayed on for two years, for I did not know what else to do. Then my health broke down, and Mrs Stokes sent me away. I conld not do the work any longer. I— oh, George — I don't know how to tell you what terror I went through next. I took a situation ; I thought it so easy, the lady so kind, but I found— £ fonnd— she was bad. I did not know there -were such wicked people, such evil ways, in the world. I ran away without a penny, without anything be longing to me, and 1 did not know where to go. It was very cold, and I had no shelter. I fainted, and a policeman took me to the nearest hospital. I was happier there ; I was sate ; they were good to me, and I thought — I hoped — I was going to die. That was last spring— the early spring. I was very ill, and they kept me six months. When I came out, I did not know what to do, where to go. There was a poor woman in there ; she was very poor, but she was as kind to me as she conld be. She said I could sleep in her room if I would earn some money; she conld not afford to give me food. She told me I conld eret something by srazinsr in the street I was ashamed — bitterly ashamed — bui I tried, I do not know what else to do. You— you won't think too badly of me, will you?" Her head drooped; he could only see the rough, early, russet " hair, cut short on the little head. His soul yearned over her. He took the poor little head into his arms, aud hid it there. He could not speak, only press her closer, and after a while she ceased to tremble and Bob, and lay calmly like a child on bis breast— trustful as a child, inno cent as a child. At last he broke the long silence that had its own voice for them. 44 Thank God you came my way! Thank God you sang that old song that you used to wing to me in the dear old time ! But for that I might never have fonnd you, never have brought you — home." 44 Ah, George, I have had no home— I am too happy." 44 Not yet, Molly, not yet. I mean to try and make you happy. Look up, sweetheart, look round. See, conld you live here, with me ? Gould you stay for ever — my wife ? " She slowly raised her face, it was glowing with the beautiful delicious shame of love. 44 Your wile— your wife." 44 In a few days, a very few days, sweet. From this moment this place is yours. I am yours. We be'ong to each other for ever. My housekeeper, who is a good woman, a widow- will take care of you here. I will leave you the mistress of my noose with her— no one say a word against my Molly. But, indeed, there is no one to meddle with you and me. Then in a short, short time we' wiu be married. We will go away, dear, to some place where even in winter- there are flowers and sunshine, and you Bhg& get baok your lookB, your dimples. 44 The Lord do so to me, and more- also, if aught but death part thee and me !" They kissed each other, and their souls met with their lips,— The 44 Windsor Magazine," 