Miscellaneous. I From the latest English files to hand we take the j following interesting items ; A maiden lady, named Sicker, has just died at j Windsor, .aged 104. She was in Paris when the battle of Waterloo was fought. A statue of the late Mr. Oliver Haywood, in front of the Town Hall, Manchester, ' was unveiled on Tuesday, December 11, by the Bishop of Manchester. Sir William Har court has definitely decided not to tax cycles in the next Budget. The central transept of the Crystal Palace has been devoted to an exhibition of cycleB, more than 1600 being on view. One novelty was an indoor training cyclo worked for home exercise, thus generating electric power, which can be accumu lated. An hour's moving of the feet would light an eight-candle electric lamp for two hours. The African Exhibition at the Crystal Palace next summer is to be on a large scale. The new sports arena (IS acres) will be used for the outdoor dis plays. About 60 natives will be imported from Africa, together with 140 wild animals, including elephants, dromedaries, lions, leopards, zebras, and snakes. A number of kraals will be built, and the mode of life of the natives, as well as the manner in which they procure their animals, will be practically demonstrated. There are said to be sigmfof the approach of the crinoline in the new evening dresses. The skirts axe immensely wide, and horsehair and wire are already being used to set them out. Some interesting relics have been taken from a Saxon cemetery alHighdowa-bill, Sussex.- Upon a skeleton- there -were 151 beadsofclay and glass sus pended on a string from the neck to the waist. The foundations of a spacious Boman villa have been unearthed at Darenth, Kent. The onter walls were 2ft in thickness. There were an audience - hull, baths, hot-air passages, and what appears to have been the chapel, in which the households gods were Bet up. Tfoflidflnfa in the county of London have been warned by the police that every occupier Ot a house or other tenement is responsible for keeping the pavements ft*'* watercourses adjoining their premises swept and cleansed, under a penalty of 40s. The owner is responsible for unoccupied premises. There has been a ' ghost ' scare at Godalming. Ah apparition, presumably a practical joker, with a luminous face and white clothes, jumped but of the bushes at dark spots, uttering unearthly yells. . Several people have thus received serious mocks, wmflwmg mm hyrfwiwl. A comic singer was hissed at a London muac-h&l; while singing a song with the refrain ' Come where the booze is cheaper.' He remonstrated with the audience, and for this his engagement was termi nated, his agreement prohibiting him from speaking on the stage. He brought an action for loss of em ployment, and was awarded £60, his wages being £20 a week. A tenant who damaged the drawing-room of a house he had occupied in London by using it for roller-skating, was sued by the owner of the pro perty, and had to pay £35 damages. A London magistrate held that sanitary fittings could not be held liable to produce a nuisance be cause they were not up to date. The liquidator of the Liberator Building Society has recovered over £5000 from the estate of the con vict Hobbs. The earnings of a London flower-girl, according to the evidence in the witness-box of one of their number, averages from 7s to 10s a day, and 15s on a fine Saturday. Two grocers were fined £5 aud costs at Northamp ton for keeping places where an alleged illegal lot tery was conducted. The defendants sold a brand of tea, the buyers of which received tickets entiting them to participate in periodical .drawings for a prize of £5, which took place in the' shop where the tea was sold. A London tradesman was summoned for selling flannelette made only of cotton, when the real article was supposed to consist of a mixture, one portion of which was wooL The case was adjourned, and it may eventually be decided in a superior court. A domestic complained to a London magistrate that she had been instantly dismissed by the mistress without a character. The magistrate said he could not compel a mistress to give a domestic a character, but she was responsible if she gave what was untrue. A man, who murdered his wife and son at Chelten ham, has been reprieved, the jury having recom mended him to mercy because he was 'alow type of man,' and besotted with drink. The 300th anniversary of the birth of Guatavus Adolphus, a groat Swedish king and defender of the Protestant religion, has been celebrated in Germany nd Sweden. A dog belonging to an American couple, having died in Pans, it was accorded a regular funeral. The dog's body was placed in two coffins, one of oak, the other leaden, which was conveyed to the cemetery in a hearse covered with flowers, the Americans and their friends following in mourning carriages. A picture of the Virgin Mary, ascribed to St. Lake, has been placed in a church in Paris. The picture was shown to the Queen, and Prince of Wales some time, ago. The inscriptions are in Chaldaic, and set forth that the picture was executed by Luke the Evangelist. 