THE SPiOERS STORT. t&VTOLD; B¥ flVtfrainste* BuSstUX \ We flitted oil the garden-fltopa, this kitty and I, and I pretended not to sea tar, because aheiaalways imitating me,and I oan't bear tbat kind of thing. When I lift np my left paw and turn my bead, and wash the back of my beautiful nook with my pink tongue, then thie kitty does it too, at once. I den t like it. And when I turn my right ear inside out to give it an airing, she turns both her ears out to give them two airings. And again, X oan't bear it that suoh a obit of a kit should play me euoh trioks. So I pretended hot to ; eee her, and looked only along my terracotta nose—it is rather a booked noBe, and Play mate is euro that my ancestors were eagles or owls or hawks—and X looked straight into the white mist whioh bung bo heavily over my garden that I oouldn't even see the wall and the fence on which my friends, the nine Putney and Wandsworth tabbies and tommies, sit when they oome to see me. Mists X don t like, but after luuoheon I don't mind they so muob, for after luncheon one feels all nioe and kind inaide. On that day the mist oomed slowly down ; I seed it, and I thought at onco I must be very scientific and make observations. And ■ more and more the white mist eplit, and a bit of blue eky peeped out, and then a bigger bit, and then I seed my sun, whioh I keep np there aa a stove to warm us when there are no fires in the house. At first the eun was pale and not very warm, but I blinked at him, and said "Go on," and then he oomed out and shined like gold over all my garden. My grass looked lovely. You know what my grass ifl, don't you? But I'll tell the duffers among you that the grass is nothing but just the tops of the lauoes carried by a big array of tiny fairies that live underground. Well, each of the lanoeB had hung a pearl bell of mist on to ite point. If yon were cats with fine ears for sound, instead of being only humane you would hear the pearl-belle ringing, "Lo the conquering Tommy oomea,"andthe son made them look lovely. And all the autumn flowers and leaves looked aa red and yellow as if they were big kitchen fires. Then next there came another noise, besides the mueio of the mist pearl-bells; all my Hies and bees, and bumbles, and tiny gnats beginnod to dance. Tbey do it beoaute 1 like it, and because I allow them to live under tho leaves of tbe lime-trees iu my garden, and uuder the vine and ivy leaves against ray house. I keep them there for tbe hunting season, and then I have a few days' sport with them, when other people go and shoot grouse, and partridge, and pheasant. Only, Playmate is horribly stupid, because when I want to be very polite, and bring homo a fine brace of dead spiders, lite other people send home dead birds, then Playmate save—"No, my friend, we'll dispense with that kind of thing." Dispense? What's " dispensed" Then I eat the spiders up quickly, and go out of the room to punish Playmate. The dancing flies were lovely that day; some bad on blue frocks, with a bit of silver; they are called blue-bottles; and the wapses had football jerseys, striped black and lemon-yellow ; and the bumbles got an sashes of terracotta velvet, nearly as good-looking as my noso, only that my noss is satin. All the little gnats had thin grey frooks; filmy grey like the twilight, and very, very soft and lovely bits of pink and green and yellow, like mother-of-pearl shells in them. You oan't see thera, but oats oan. Cats have hotter eyes than humans. Oats have everything of the best. Tney can afford it. My kitty sat quite still and watched my flies, till one bee oime aoross a horrid smut that was flying in the air. It dirtied her splendid ooat, and then she said to the others, "Just you danoeon till I come baok. I must go and have a bath and a brush-up round the oorner." On a vine leaf, against the house, a little pool of mist water had oollected. Mist water is dew, and a dew bath makes bees ae beautiful as it does beya and girls, so the smutty bee jumped on to the leaf and began at once to wash. Kitty went olose by to watoh, but I didn't go, because I know all these thiugs already. I was two years old last month. The bee she rubbed bar email front bands togethor, and then she combed the bairon her broad bead with them. Next she rubbed her fat hind legs against each other, scratched the undsrparts of her wings with them, and then flung her hind legs round her owu baok to get tho smut off. It looked so funny, kitty, who is silly, grinned terribly at it. Only silly oats grin. I never grin. I only grinned when I were a littlo kitten. That was long ago, before you can remember. Then the bse looked into tbedewpoud to see if she was quite olean, and then she lifted up her black gauze wings and flied away and helped to dance. I had forbidden kit to oatch this bee, beoause bees bite, and I don't want a bited kitty in tbe house. When she gets bited she goes and tells the neighbours, and they say, " Well, Miss Tommy oan't be quite asolever as she Bays she is, beoause she has a stupid daughter, who gets bited." Clever oats ought to have clever kits. But kitty Bitted there in front of the vine-leaf, and looked and looked, and I oould see there was something else Bhe was watching. So, of course, I wsnt and looked after ber, end what do you thiuk the olever thing had discovered? Why, a spider, end the spider was a robber, and he was just going to pounao upon the dauoers. I like robbers,'oos I'm a robber myself, and a good one—you bet 1—and I only pusbod kitty a very little bit away, to tret a better eight of he, aa he was a-buildin' a rope from a branch right acrosat to where they was a-danoin'. (l'.S., N.B., MSS.—Playmate says I am to orose the last sentence out, because I am getting into the vulgar way of talking whioh I've learnei from the Wandsworth cats ; but I never cross out; I won't; this ie my story, and I can ta>k it as I tike, and talking Wands worth is just as good at talking Wimbledon. I know best; look what a lot of P.S., M3S., I put just now, to show you that I know these things.) The big bees, and the waspes, and the bumbles, and the bluebottles laughed; thoy knew better than jump into that spider's not. Spiders have to have nets to oatah their food in; we are superior; ' we want nothing except our twenty crescent claws, and our two rows of very beautiful teeth. But the little gnats wore stupid, and one danoed, and danced, and dancsd itself into the web. Yoila (Prenoh— Bhakspearc). The robber creoped up to it, and spuu and spun threads round it, just as if he wanted to wrap it in a oloak, and I hoard ( him saying " Oh, golly-golly- golly 1 Here's a feast," and then he rolled the gnat along, higher up, to eat it in peace. And then my kitty, all at onoe, jumped after him. You never saw any one jump like that kit does. In the drawing-room she jumps as high as the flowers on the table, ana in the garden she jumps over the trees, and in the evening she jumps easily orer the moon. I seed her to morrow evening. The spider he_ said nnioe word as the web tore and the spider fell down, but I mayn't say that here, and I pounced upon kitty, and said, "Per goodness' sake, ohild, don't oat bin yob! I must make observations." I wanted just Knee where thfe spider,kept all r: that rope ha brings out when he wantstoolimb clown, as it would be veryusefnlto meto bar* S a rape sometimes whan X ait somewhere and - want to get down. Bat spiders, besides being robbers, are nasty pigs that don't care for soieuoe and observations, and he-justoorled up ail his less under him and lay on the steps. " Yes, he's dead," I said to the kit, " when I ' oame in, my majesty he died of fright. Boor. thing, I overwhelmed him, I suppose it was all along of the terracotta nose. We pawed him, and we smelt him, and the little 'unepit at him, and we rolled him about. He was as dead as the dirty bone X dragged the other. day on to the best oarpet in the honBe, and we despised him and went down into the garden. Ail the other dancers had gone away, and we played all alone, up the treos and over the wall, and among the ohrysanthemums, and . through the grass, and on and on and on. X tell you we do look like two fine Indian tigers when we play that game. All at once I remembered the dead spidery and thought I'd better eat her before Kitty got indigestion from eating her. There asbo lay, quite dead, with the legs still ourled "up, and when I was just opening my mouth she mime to life again, and I jumped back and fell into the ferns, and cried, "a ghost, a ghost," beoause I thought it was the spider's ghost that jumped op. But it wasn't: it was the robber herself, and she ran up the wall and sitted on an ivy stalk, and put ont her tongne, and said, " Miss Tommy, my sweet and clever lady, for onoe you haven't been quite as brilliant as usual. Why didn't you eat roe! I might hav6 put some rope inside of yon. dome up, and I'll show you how spiders' webs are made, and I will teach you a thing or two about olever oats. Oome along, oome!" I tell yon this to show you how unutterably vulgar common or garden spiders are. I turned mybaokunhe, and I eat on the wall with four neighbours, and one of them kuowed spiders very well, and said, "Oh, Misb Tommy, take no notioe of he, never take notioe of any spider. They're sneaks; they always pretend to be dead when they think they're caught. They are not good enough for oats." And they aren't, really. This is the Christmas story I wrote'for mr Pl,AYKATE. 