THE GENERAL'S STORY. Was I etror really frightened ? Well, yes, though not in the field. I have seen somo hard fighting, as you know, but I think the affair I allude to was the closcst shave I over hai. I was studying law ia New York at the time. One day as I sat in my office writing, the postman brought me a neatly-folded envelope hearing my address. As I tore it open a faint odouc of perfume veiled the room. - The contents of--' tb6 letter, as near as I jan remember, were as follows :— Dear Friend,—Call *Jiis evening at eight o'clock. I -wish to see you on some veryparticular busiaess. Do not fail me. M. A. S. To say that I was much surpriseet at the invitation is a mild deiscriplion of my feelings. I had known the writer only a f«sw weeks. As she was what Dickens would' call.- a mature young lady, and I was a mere bor> our inter-, courso bad naturally been very limited/. 7 What " particular business " she wished to seis me about passed my comprehension." I thought of the matter all the afteruoou without coming to any reasonable conclusion. However, I-was : young and curious, and at the appointed time set out for the place indicated in the letter, aud with * nervous hand pulled the door-bell. After waiting for a Tew moments I heard footsteps approaching. The dour was noiselessly opened, and Miss Sandys stood before mo making a gesture to indicate silence. Beaching out her hand she led me through the hall .to a small room which was enshroudi*!, as was the hall itself, in the dee-pest darkness. In a whisper she told me why she wished to consult me. 4 4 My sister," sliesiid, 44 is about to run away to-night to get married. Father is "bititifly opposed to the match ; be is a very violent man, and keeps a pistol on his table before hiui in tbe next room vowing to shoot my sister';; lover if he dares to enter the house. Wert-hink hij/siispeets that this is the night appointed fjjr the marriage, and is prepared to execute his purpose. We have done all we ctuld to pacily him, but iu vain. . He is iu a.terrible rage." •' But, my dear Miss Sandjrs.V'I said in sernfe perturbation, " what has all this do with me." : ;•".„'. '' We may need your protection,';.l ipid"sistet' I felt sure we could rely upon you. 1 ' . 4 4 You are very complimentary." It seems .to ' me, however, that in family matters, a straiigeir."" should not interfere." •' Oh, we- don't consider you a stranger, Mr.' - Stanton ! '• I am sure ybu will not re'.'use tei i tjbligs us. Hush—I hear jwipa moving. I£exj' perfectly stall in this room until l.cnlt you." ' Thus saying she noiselessly "disappeared, leaving me to my own refie^tions, which were not, us may well be supposed, very pleasing. I could hear the heavy fool steps oTtticheatr- of the family as he paced unceasingly about" the next room. I could hear the dt*i*'p i'miiter' - ing of his wrath ss he called down malediction: on the head of his prospective son-in-law As the time passed his-words became blended tuge-thf-1-,. indicating that he; had been driuking heavily, and once or.twice he staggered violently ag-iinst the door, almost breaking into thf room iii which I :$at. .. " ne will certainly -burst.the door oprn." 1 said to myself ; "he will mistake me. for Brmvii. and before he discovers his error I shall be slain, auel ihen it will he too late for mo to prove roj iueuiity. 1 shall have died the death of a sup. posed burglar." •• .. ^ ? Several times L insde": ujf^ny mjndstqiBtf-lL, out- of the rcom'-Bnd .^scaj>e ;-f»ut tlifi fejptetep: " of the infuriated iTither sounded dangenjitsb J near; I was unacquainted with the bolts anc and lock by which the front door was fastened.: auel-did not thiiik it wfts po^sihle.to remove then without making noise r.npugh"=to Staff my vigilant neighbour on my track. ! • " - How long ! continued wrapped in my own uncomfortable reflections TT el.o iQdt ¥iipw;. *^ Jj- it seemed to be an age. X^conld • almostheir rrij heart beat in. the sombre stillness of that dart room, but the eieaseless tramp continued, ant the hours rolled on until 1 was in despair, and the conviction forced itself on my mind that! should never get out of that-house alive. • A> last I heard the rustling i)F woman's dftsi near m^, and the noise in the-istrect of ap'ass*. ing carriage, which appeared to stop nesr. Tbei a female voice said :— ... " We'afe all ready. Make no noise, an( follow me." Silently, and as qnick as possible, she led me to the hall door,where the younger Miss Sandyi tremblingly stood. ^ . Thejiolls were^lrawn, tin key was turned in the lock, and - in aisenonel w" were in tJjjj street, where "Mr. "Brown's cafriag) awaited us. . Por a .man weighing two hundred and fifti pounds Browu displayed a wonderful amount eit activity. In less than two second-s h« had jump ed from -bis.soft, -kissed bis pruspective w.ifi_ . fifty times at least, lifteel "her bodily'from the 1 , sidewalk and placed: her. on -the seat besicle hioij -Miss .Sandys and I quickly foilow'ed,'-end ijji' ' time was'lost in leaving "the elangcrems vicinity - Presently Mr. Brown, who seemed to be of i facetious turn of mind, introduced a new phasi in the elopement. Aeldressing himself poin'c.d ly to me, whoso acquaint tncuship-'he-hitd'jiiS'i formed, he remarked ;— 4 , Comc, ^tautem, Sarah and myself aro going to get married, an l it is a good time for yoi and May to fo'low suit. What do you think o!'. the idea ?"' . " 4 4 Oh, Dick, dnn't !" gipghd Miss Sandys 4 4 We never dreamed of such a thing when "wi started. We .only want to see you and Karat safely through. Isn't that all, air. Stanton she coquet'ishly added. Here was a predicament for a bashful buy ol 19 ! How could I affront the young ladv hi refusing her hand ? And yet 1 felt I could lia many her; better the revolver from which.' had just escajied than that! Fortunate-ly for me. Brown did all the talking and now ceased urging the matter until thi carriage sloppt»jl at the minister's.residenco where we all alighted. Just before we iiscenei ed the steps he turned around and delivered hit parting admonition :— .".'"'' 4 4 Now as soon as the minister completes thi ccremouies in our case, you and May can ste{ forward and take our places, a.cd in a few mo. men ts you will both be made happy for life, Djn't be afraid ; it will he all right-!" I suppose tbe man was joking ; he saw my trepidation, and wished to have a little fun. at my expense. But to me the matter was a grin: reality. I have never been sentenced to capita' punishment, but I know I experienced, while asce nding those steps, tho exact sensations of a man who is about to mount the rcaffold, auel sees, for the first time, tho rope by which heii to he executed: I remember how lay liitifc "i trembled, and feel conviuced I looked as white as ghosts are said to look,although I have never -. seen one. " Side by side Miss May and I followed Brown aud his prospective bride to the minister's study. The solemu words were prouounced which united them for ever, and ere tlicy were ended I maele up my mind to escape before it was too late. The eloor being left open 1 retreated in haste without the formality of a farewell, and never stopped running uutil 1 reached my own doc-r. What Miss Sandys thought of my flight I de not kuow, as 1 never saw her afterwards; neither can I divine her motive in placing one who was almost a stranger to her iii SJCII a trving position. Yes, 1 plenei guilty to having made a cowirdly retreat at least once in ray life ; an.1 yet—would any of you have -been braver ? 