WIT AND HUMOR. "They say that Patti is at last losing her voice." " Too bad. 'Why doesn't she sing into a pholograph and preserve it ?" Foresight.--'Arry': " Let's take a baout, Chorley." Chorley : ." Not me i Not just after a dinner costin' me two shillin's !" Strangers in a Strang Land.-First Cyclist: ," Are you pneumatic tyred or cushion tyred ?"' Second Cyclist: SDamn tired." He: "I saw :iss Backer at Caul.' field." She (thinking of. dress): "Oh ! What did she have on ?" He (thinking of gee gees); "Nothing !" At a school examination: '? What do the letters ' R.I.P.,' often seen' on tombstones, mean ?" Answer: SReturn, if possible." A good boy that. ""' Raggsy, for a tramp. youse .is de best behaved feller I evermet." '! It's business,. Dusty. I ain't anxious to get into no hot water. Fact is, I hate water of all kinds." Boy (to piscator, - who has been whipping the stream all day without any luck) : "You'll be getting a fish caught on one of them little 'ooks if yer ain't careful." At the National Gallery.-Fair American (before a celebrated picture ofa saint): " Wal, I reckon I would have had my hair .crimped before. I had my picture painted." . "'Did you have "any trouble', with yoit French when you were in Paris ?"' .' No; I understand my French well enough, .but those measly Parisians 'didn't'' They had all the trouble." "It was a dreadful moment," said the dentist. 'iI was bathing quietly when the'great cavernous jaws of the shark opened before me." " What did 'you do ?" asked one of the ladies. " I took my forceps out of the pocket of. my bathing suit and pulled his teeth before he had a chance to seize me.. It was the quickest and neatest work I ever did." Evident.-George: " Ehlhe's a big 'tin; ain't he, Jack ?" Minister (overhearing): '" Yes, mylad; but it's not with eating and drinhking !" Jack: I'll lay -it's not all wi' fasting' an' prayin's !s" Our Friends!-A.: ;,How do you know that .Schosser has come into a fortune ?" D. : "I saw it in the newspapers." And now everybody that used to call his poetry stupid says it is original i" . Proved his Courage.--" What makes you think you are qualified to 'become a football umpire? Are you brave?? Have you ever p'ut down a riot ?". "'No; but I have acted as judge 'at a baby show." " Why in 'thunder don't this train proceed ?" cried the passenger. " Because there ain't none o' you got tickets to eternity." said the brakeman. "If we went on with that danger signal up, that's where you'd fetch up." That was a remarkable instance of devotion t3 which and Italian journal referred some time ago, wherein a husband, on hearing that' his wife looked her best in mourning, com mitted suicide that 'she might have an opportunity to wear it. SAnd you really claim that you can summon ghosts into your presence ?" "Certainly." " Prove it." " I will." He summons a ghost. " But -I don't see anything." " Nor I. But I summoned one just the same. I didn't say I could make him come." ." Book collecting is very interest ing," said Jarley. " I get lots of fun out of it. I saw this morning that Lord Dufferin has the smallest book in the world. It isn't any larger than a postage stamp." "I've.got one," said Scribbler, "that's smaller than that. It's a three volume novel." "I should like to see it," said Jarley. " Well, you can't; fact is, I have it in my head," said Scribbler. A Thief to Catchs a Thief.-A witty and ~'idely known bishop w'as lately visiting a certain college in which he took much interest. Whilst he was inspecting the electrical appliances of the scientific department, a polite pro fessor remarked, "I wish, my lord, that we could construct a magnet strong enough to keep you always us." Ah I laughed his lordship, much pleased. " That would not be setting a thief to catch a thief, exactly. It would rather be setting a magnet 'to catch a magnate." The Verdict.-A country, coroner recently ,reasoned 'out a' verdict more sensibly. than one-half the veirdicts usually rendered. It appeared that an Irishman, conceiving that a little powder thrown upon some green wood would facilitate its burning, directed a small stream from a keg upon the burning piece, but not possessing a hand sufficiently quick to cut this off, was blown into a mi!lon pieces. Tihe following .was the verdict, delivered with great gravity by the official: "Can't be called suicide, bekase he didn't mean to kill himself; it wasn't ' visitation of God,' bekase he wasn't struck by lightning; he did't die for want of breath, for he hadn't anything to breathe with; it's plain he didn't know what he was about, ed I shall bring in--died for want of common sense." Unlucky Speeches.-" Wouldn'tyou like some music, professor?" "No, thanks. I'm quite happy as I am. To tell you the truth, I perfer the worst possible conversation to the best music there is." As Between the Two.-He: '"I don't think there is anything much finer than to have a beautiful yachit." She: "I'm surprised at you, Havent' you considered a beautiful wife?" He: "Oh yes; but I ,mean on the ground of economy." A Cabinet Minister's full dress uniform costs £120. London has 7m,000 street lamps, Paris 10,000, and New York 28,000, 