H0OCUS POCUS H AR£ HOW SOME PERSONS WHO THINK . THEY KNOW ARE SWINDLED. J TrScVs Practices by Wen Wbo Hfiln atJjc jt ^Jrrefi Vith Pencil 'and Brush—CW> :i;^tn>i>:nts 9Hth SXoreXlianOnelfenM—One Mwlc Hb Gboat rBmou. i X,.." A? I ibifi wbotagn tiietr nmsGB "to "pictures tiiat other men paint-are •quite pleotiEai in -this town. In -a little ctore 011 Fourth a venae, just around the corner from the American Academy of Design. there are -some very pretty «zamplas of water coloring for said The '-signature in the corner of «ach canvas is that of a -woman. The dealer 'was in •a <!oramnnicatire mood the other day, «a<1 eche was talking with a reporter tie picked np one of the paintings snd aeld it to the light for observation and discussion. • That woman brings some very good trorJi in here for me to eell," said he. ' TIIITC «s one -peculiarity aboot tier; though She always -writes her signature is tny shop." The dealer paused as thongh to iieqnestaoned. 'Why-does she <lo that?" -was ssbed. < \- "Woll, 1 suppose die -doesn't like to jmt it on at the stadias where the pictures «re painted." "±5he <loesut paint ter own pictnres, *he»?"' Not all of them. It's easier to pick Them npiiere and there and bring them so me to «ell i don't know bow much -sne pays the artists "who paint them, and i don't care, it's none of my business. All 1 fccow is that the workifi very good ,-IIHJ that 1 caa get good prices for it I suppose efao is building np a reputation -on ThpKtreiigth of these canvases. Well, vty slionldnX she? She gives work "to a lot of people who would probably -fiarvo otherwise. Yon eee, ecores ot JK-I-SOIIS can paint pictures and veiy Jew (have the jcnack of getting them Bold." Somrtinies au artist signs more than r.nt* u;:i!ie to bis -own work.- This hap- -n* <>very day on some of the illnstratweeklies published for Broadway >-.->! Htioa. The publisher doesn't libs .. -me raan'e name signed to«very .or full page picture, fie does v. it known that his staff of aithij small. Not long ago one of ; bf. ciuvtTfst of the illnstrators used to -••-. l" -!-. is own name to the big two page ;•). r;i7> :u the middle of the periodical ai.il n noai <le plume to the first page drawing every week. Ins little while •be -began to receive letters addressed to tin- wsnmed name, giving orders for -v. anil full of compliments. He had ibci l-r up a reputation for the mythical •artist which he could not get for him- -si:l,t His pride was hurt, but heewal- -jmW] the humiliation and proceeded in increase the Came and the revenue •ot liisjjhost A Xcw York artist who draws for fin \- li-toiial weeklies tells a story of his •v.wncDce in England at a time when the publishers were^demanding illnstrators and bad no use for talent. This particular artist -kf.fwthat tie-could cat corsages as low -a D'l starts as 1iigh as any Frenchman -l>=n »*wr lived. He had spent -several ja.aitinns and lots of hard earned jnon- -v in s'ati; the particular side of PavT :< Qiliie t hat the publishers were howl* sias tnr at that particular time. Me Ms^nmed a very Frenchy name, rfs in that language altogether and siiiiti!rtlwl 4iis sketches, which already . oni-Knuched the Frenchmen in their -naughtiness. He made a big hit, his ">n.-n4 orders were numerous, and for -ninny uionths he -enjoyed a lucrative in- • mine under his title of De Bonlanger • or whatever it was, while all the other English illustrators were drawing for !ht? n:ligions weeklies, which cannot -a fiord to pay half as big prices to their -artists as tbeir more wicked and per- •ba[»s mare interesting contemporaries. In the window of a pictureetore in •Harleu'thera were -exposed for sale not long ago two email canvases with the •magic name of Corot in the corner. The jprice of each was $250. Now, a genuine Corot is worth anywhere from $1, ODD up. Was it a mistake or an attempt at swindling? The pictures were <in Corot's style, and only an expeft •ran Id tell whether they weregennine or •not. The dealer would give no written jgnaruntee. He said he believed the two •canvases were genuine, and be explained the low price by 6aying that he rtttinght tbe pictures from a man in hard fm-k who was ignorant"of their value. The purchaser took all the risk. If the pictures were not genuine Corots, their <real value was anywhere from $5 to $50 That is one of the queer things in <tw art business. There are pawnbrokers in this town who have been known to go into a'picsnre swindling scheme, as more than ocie credulous buyer has learned to his cuet. It is not an infrequent occurrence for an amateur in art to be approached with a Request to buy a pawn ticket calling for a lot of pictures pledged Tor, say. $100. The pictures, the «tranger says, are worth at least $250. He will sell the ticket for $25. If the amateur buys it, he pays not only the for the ticket, but the $100 and interest to the pawnbroker. \- It is a perfectly safe and easy method of swindling. Neither the pawniiroker.uor the ticket seller is likely to be caught. The pictures may only be worth $10. It cannot be proved that the pawnbroker knew this or that tbe < iiber man knew it, for that matter. The -victim has scarcely any mode of redress, dwindles like this would not be possible bnt for the fact that veiy many men believe they know all there -is -to be known about art. when, as a matter of fact, they know nothing at alL Or, in other words, "the crop of suckers never fails, " to quote the old maxim of the green goods dealer.—New York World. " . I Pardon. \- • Solemn'Stranger—All flesh is grass. Deaf Han—Hey? Solemn Stranger—No, grass.—New Y«rb Press. 