HOMER HOUSE. By JOHN TREW-HAY. I. Late in the afternoon of a warm spring day towards the end of April, in one of the last years of the seventies, a hired waggonette, containing two persons besides the driver, was bowling along the leafy lanes of Berkshire in the direction of Hungerford. The two passengers in the conveyance were young men much about the same age, both on the sunny side of thirty. They had been spending the day at a well- known training establishment on the Berkshire Downs, to which they had ran down early that morning to see a couple of two- year-olds which belonged to a Mr. James Dundale, one of the two occupants of the trap, pat through their facings. 'Well,' observed Dundale, in reply to a question from his friend, Tom Kortley, 'if you ask me, I don't think the colt you speak of has a hundred to one chance. When I back a horse for the Derby I want either a good public performer or a dark colt that's well-bred, and comes of a running family. I can't stand a two-year-old, however well he's bred, that runs four times — not always in first-class company — and is unable to win a race. No, my dear boy, one of that sort has to improve too much to carry my money. To be of any use he must come on all 14 lb., .and perhaps 21 lb. in the winter, if he is to get anywhere near the top form; and, trust me, not many of them do that. Take my advice, keep your money in your pocket. It's only throwing it into the gutter to back this colt. You won't often get such a good win as you did this year at Lincoln, and my advice to you is to keep it.' 'Good advice, Jim, I'm sure, but advice I can't act upon now ; for I wrote four days ago to each of the three principal men in France to take 5,000 to 100 about this colt for the Derby, and I sent the ready. I got the vouchers back yesterday morning, so the thing's done, and can't be undone. If the money goes, it goes, and it can't be helped ; but I have somehow a great idea that my particular fancy will turn out a good horse after all, and win the Derby. At any rate on the information I have, I think it is worth while chancing some of my Lincoln winning to land a real coup. Besides, you know what I told you I heard about it from Dick Langley in the winter.' 'You mean what he was told by that touting fellow at Lambourn.' ' Yes. I don't know how the tout gets to know, but from what Langley tells me his information is extraordinarily accurate. He is not one of those advertising fellows, but a private tout that Dick employs. He certainly has told Langley some wonderfully good things during the last eighteen months. He first wrote to him about Footstep two days before she won the Liverpool Cup the year before last, and he sent again previous to her winning at Lincoln last year. Besides that he advised Dick to back Julius Caesar for the City and Suburban, Cradle for the Hunt Cup, Herald for the Stewards' Cup, and Jongleur for the Cambridgeshire ; to say nothing of Chamant for the Two Thousand, and Silvio for the Derby and Leger. And every one of these won. There's a list for you ! Why, if I had heard about all those winners last year I should have won a fortune. But Dick didn't tell me at the time, and he only backed them fitfully himself ; so that in the end he did precious little good on the year.' ' Did your information about Kaleidoscope this spring come from the same quarter ?' 'Yes, Dick wrote to me about a fortnight before Lincoln. I blew him up so much when he came to stay with us at Christmas for not having told me his good things last year, that he promised to let me know everything he heard this season.' ' Well, Kaleidoscope was a useful sort of lead-off, anyway. What price did you get ?' 'Sixteen to one to £30 ready, over the water.' 'Did you, by Jove? That was all right.' ' It was, indeed. You see, I'm not supposed to bet, so I have to send the ready to France and trust to the secrecy of the post. I really believe the governor would have a fit if he knew that I backed horses.' ' Do you think he doesn't know, then? Don't you flatter yourself. I'll take odds he knows all about it,' ' My dear Jim, I'm sure he doesn't. If he did, I should either get the kick- out at once, or have such a homily read me on the path that an instructor of the young should tread, a path— as the governor would say — from which a schoolmaster should never deviate into the by ways of frivolous pleasure and amusements, as would pretty well turn me sick.' ' Is it like that?' laughed Dundale. 'Like that? Yes, rather. I should just think it was. You've no idea of the sort of views the governor holds. He's been so many years at the school master game, that he's at last got to believe that the ideas of Stiggins and Mrs. Grundy are the only opinions in the world that are worth thinking about.' ' Is that so? I shouldn't have thought that. I always looked upon your father as quite a man of the world. ' 'In some things possibly. But only when it suits him. My dear Jim, a Schoolmaster's life is the very narrowest groove that any mortal man can get into. The essence of success in it is to be able to command, for knowledge is utterly useless without the power to control. A successful schoolmaster almost always becomes overbearing, dictatorial, and self-opinionated— there are exceptions, of course — but the governor is certainly not one. I've come to the conclusion that schoolmastering is not my line. I've tried it now for nearly three years ; but, as old Bowler says, 'I ain't got no turn that way,' and I mean to cut the whole business at the very first opportunity. I've kept my terms and eaten my dinners, so that I can be called at any time, and as soon as I am able to get away from Homer House I mean to try my luck at the Bar.' 'At the Bar! Rubbish, my dear Tom, utter rubbish. Why, you'll have to slave on for years, and be a rising young man by the time you're well on the shady side of forty. Why, you must be perfectly mad to talk of throwing up such a position as you've got, with the prospect of the much better one you will eventually have, for each a precarious existence as practising at the Bar.' ' Ah, that's all very well for yon, Jim, who speak from the point of view of those who only see the outside of the cup and platter. Precarious existence or not, the Bar's a great deal better than being a regular signpost, subject to the whims and fancies of the capricious British Parent. No doubt there are lots of fellows whom a schoolmaster's life suits, and who suit the life, but I'm not one. I want to be free, and I mean to be as soon as ever I can.' And you would be free, as you call it, If this coup came off then ?' ' Of course I should, that's the only reason I am trying for It. If I had seen yon last week I might, and pro- probably should have taken some other horse than the one I have chosen, for from what you've said I gather you don't think much of his chance, and I own I should have been very much influenced by your opinion. But as the cult has an engagement next week in the Craven Stakes at Newmarket I saw that there was no time to be lost if I was to get the lone price, as of coarse if he wins that he will come to 25 to 1 at once and probably less for the Derby.' 'Well, your information may be right,' said Dundale, 'but on his last year's running nothing in the world would induce me to back such a horse as that to win at Epsom.' II. Few establishments for the education of the rising generation were better known than the school at which Doctor Kortley prepared the sons of the wealthier classes for entrance to the great public schools. Situated within easy distance of the metropolis, handily placed a mile or so off a railway station, on one of the principal south country lines, Homer House was in every respect well adapted for the purposes to which it was devoted. The Reverend William Kortley, who though he had not taken the degree of D.D., was generally known as Doctor Kortley, had a great reputation as a schoolmaster. His establishment was thoroughly up-to-date, and contained all those improvements for the increased domestic comforts of his pupils, which have during the past five and twenty years been so generally introduced into schools of the kind. As a matter of fact Doctor Kortley had himself been the pioneer of the particular class of school over which he presided, and it was no doubt to this fact that he in a measure owed his great reputation. There were certain ill- natured persons — there always are — who said that he owed it to nothing else, but, for the purposes of this story, that is neither here nor there. Whether his success was attributable to his classical attainments and his capacity to instruct, or simply the result of his charming manners and foe comfort of his establishment, is immaterial. It suffices to say that his success was undoubted, and that with the parents of the Upper Ten, and that vast crowd who invariably follow their lead, it became the fashion to send their sons to Homer House. Tom Kortley, on leaving Oxford, had much against his inclination, been constrained by his father to take part in carrying on the school. While it would not be correct to say that Tom was altogether unfitted for such a position, for he was a very clever young man, and as such able to readily adapt himself to circumstances, it is nevertheless the fact that the occupation of a pedagogue was to him extremely irksome and disagreeable. Still for all that, not one of the proud fathers and loving mothers, who having entrusted their progeny to Dr. Kortley's care, were wont on summer afternoons to pay visits to Homer House, would have suspected from their personal acquaintance with ' Mr. Tom,' that he was other than a most zealous member of his profession. His orthodox demeanour and suave manners inspired the most complete confidence, when, in the absence of the doctor, it fell to his lot to discuss the future of some budding hopeful with anxious parents ; who were not to know that the brown-paper- covered, scholastic-looking volume that the doctor's son carried in his hand was last year's Racing Calendar , or that his pockets sheltered hastily thrust-away copies of the Sporting Times and Webster's latest Boulogne Price List There was nothing particularly cheering in a letter which Tom received on the morning of the last Sunday in April from his friend Jim Dundale. On the contrary one portion of it was distinctly disappointing. It ran thus : — ' I was at Newmarket this week, and saw your Derby fancy run in the Craven Stakes. If they make a special dispensation in his favour and let him off with only 7st. 10lbs. he may get a place if only three start ; but if the conditions of the race are strictly adhered to, and an average number of runners come to the post, he hasn't, in my opinion, got the ghost of a chance. Thurio, who is no flyer, played with him all up the hill. I don't think your fancy stays, so that you may as well say good-bye to any chance you may have thought he had for Epsom. If you really want to know what will win the Derby I can tell you in once — Maximilian. Jack Thompson told me there's very little doubt that he's the best colt at Russley, and Jack always does somehow get to know all about that stable. So I, for one, am going to throw in my lot with his Grace of Westminster, though I hear their other horse, the Blue Bell colt, Bonnie Scotland, is a grand-looking animal, and may be as good as you please. Perhaps I shall back both. If you like, I will take 500 to 20 for you about Maximilian, and 1000 to 20 Bonnie Scotland to cover your other money, but you must let me know at once.' It was some little time— from three to four weeks — after Tom in reply to this communication had written to Dundale saying that he would take the bets the latter had mentioned in his letter, when a certain Colonel Leppard, the parent of two sprightly youths, sons of his old age, domiciled at Homer House, came down from London one afternoon to interview Doctor Kortley. It so happened that it being a half- holiday the reverend gentleman had gone over to the neighbouring town to preside at the annual meeting of the local branch of what certain ribald townsfolk described as the Society for Promoting Polynesian Taste for Roast Missionary. The doctor not being at home, Colonel Leppard came out into the playground where Tom was, and entered into conversation with him on the various matters which he had come down to discuss. One of the chief of these was the chance that his great-nephew, who was also at the school — a youth named Downes, the only son of his mother, and she a widow-— had of sccuring a certain entrance scholarship at one of the public schools for which the boy was next day going up to compete. Tom who, despite his distaste for his occupation, thoroughly knew his work, was able to satisfy all the colonel's inquiries, and to give a very hopeful account of the prospect of his great- nephew's success. Colonel Leppard, though a very genial and courteous old gentleman, was inclined to be garrulous, and finding Tom Kortley a good listener, passed on from one topic of conversation to another, discussing all the principal events of the day. 'Another nephew of mine Mr. Kortley,' said he, ' is as much blessed with this world's goods, as Mrs. Downes is the reverse, but I'm sorry to say he takes no interest in anything but horse racing. From all that I hear he seems to be getting rid of his patrimony with all possible speed. He's always at Newmarket or Epsom or some such place, and his whole mind is occupied on horses. How much better now is the life of a young man like yourself with such surroundings and interests as you have here. I met my nephew last night at dinner, and he seemed to be able to discuss no other subject than the coming Derby, and the scratching of the Duke's horse Maximilian. But perhaps you do not know to what I allude.' Well, er — no— er — I have heard — er — but I don't altogether — er ' 'No, of course not. I didn't think you would know about it. It is this way. Owing to the lamented death of the Duchess of Argyll, a sister of the Duchess of Westminster, the Duke's horse Maximilian, who was a great favourite, has been scratched for the Derby. ' Oh, yes, I saw that in the Sport — I mean in the Morning Post this morning,' said Tom. ' And all the odious betting men are now crying out because they have lost their money,' observed the Colonel. At this moment a footman came up with a telegram which Tom opened to read therein — ' Bonnie Scotland has come to 11 to 2\. Will you hedge ? Can lay six hundreds for you. Reply at once. Jim.' 'Is the boy waiting?' ' Yes, sir." ' All right. Fetch me a telegraph form and I'll give you the reply,' said Tom to the servant, continuing as he turned to his visitor — ' Yes, Colonel Leppard, you were saying ' 'I was saying that I was was glad that all the betting men's plans had been upset by the Duke scratching his horse. They will all lose their money.' ' Not all,' replied Tom, forgetting for the moment his role of the innocent. ' they can't all lose — at least — er — at least, I mean — I suppose somebody must win if anybody loses.' 'Ah, yes, probably that is so, but I don't know quite how that would be,' said Colonel Leppard, who, for all his desire to be communicative on the subject really knew very little about the matter, 'but I know they're all very much disappointed, for they thought that Maximilian was going to win. The men they call the bookmakers, you know, Mr. Kortley, are those who bet that every horse will lose.' ' Yes — I have heard — that is I fancied that that was so,' was the halting reply of Tom, who while feeling much inclined to explode with laughter at the instruction that he was receiving on a subject he knew ten times more of than his instructor, was yet anxious not to commit himself in any way. Fortunately at this point the footman returned with the telegraph form, which Tom filled up, 'Do as you suggest,' and only despatched to Jim Dundale. Colonel Leppard shortly afterwards took his departure, and returned to town, where on his way home he called on his niece Mrs. Downes, and communicated to her the good news he had been able to gather as to the probability of her son's success. III. ' After all,' wrote Jim Dundale, in a letter which Tom received on the morning subsequent to Colonel Leppard's visit, 'I should not be surprised if I had to eat my words about your Derby choice. I met Whackington last night and he told me something that surprised me a good deal. He says he knows for a fact that the stable think that they will win, and are really only afraid of the Frenchman. It's a rare stroke of luck for you Maximilian having gone out, for I hear that he would undoubtedly have won, and you may bet your bottom dollar Peck would have put in all he knew to show the colt worth the money he gave for it They say that Bonnie Scotland is a bit soft, and that's very likely. Anyhow it was a good bet to hedge. Insulaire has gone over to Paris to try and win the French Derby, so that's at least 10 lb. off his chance, for I should say that he won't be himself after hurrying, as he'll have to do, to get to Epsom by the Tuesday. I do hope you'll pull off your coup, old man. I suppose you won't come down and see the race run ? I shall go, and you may believe I shall be almost as anxious as yourself while they are running.' Time went by and as the eventful day drew near— the day which was to decide so much for Tom — he hardly knew hew to contain himself. Steadily, step by step, he had seen his selection rise in it stood at had he commission agents to whether, now that the price was favourable, he was disposed to hedge any part of their wager, he had replied with thanks, 'All Or nothing.' lnsuliare went over to Paris in the middle of the week before the Derby and on Sunday, June 2nd, carried off the French Prix de Jock Club. The same evening he started on his return journey, and it was announced on the Tuesday morning that Count F. De Lasrange's colt had safely arrived st Epsom I suppose that almost everybody at some time or other of his or her life has experienced the sensation of anticipating some particular event with such overwhelming anxiety that the minutes and hours appear to be fully ten times their ordinary length, and the day drags On to such an extent that it seems as if all the clocks had suddenly gone wrong. If so, they can readily appreciate the state of Tom Kortley's mind at this time. The rain that fell heavily in the night augured badly for the comfort of the holiday-makers on the Derby Day, which broke with one of those driving leaden skies accompanied by damp, cold winds, which so plainly foretell a day of discomfort on the Downs. Tom, who had arranged for a telegram to be sent to him direct from the course with the result of the race, grew naturally more and more anxious as the day wore on. It cleared somewhat in the afternoon, and a little before three he was surprised to see a telegram being brought across the playground to him by one of the servants. It at first brought his heart into his month, but a moments consideration told him that it was too early to be the result of the Derby, and it was unlikely that anything else connected with the race would be sent to him for even if the horse had gone wrong, no one but Dundale knew that he was in any way interested, and Jim would be sure to let the bad news find its own way. On opening the message it proved to be the result of the examination for the entrance scholarships for which Colonel Leppard's great-nephew bad competed. It ran as follows — 'Classical — Fortescue, Blake, Walker, Thomson, Jones. Mathematical — Downes, Gray, Harrison.' 'That's all right,' he said to himself, as folding up the message be put it in his pocket, and thereupon promptly forgot all about it. The school clock chimed three ; then a quarter ; and in the ordinary coarse half-past three. Tom, watch in hand, waiting for the news which most come now in the course of the next five or ten minutes was too much pre-occupied to notice that old Colonel Leppard had again come down, and was walking about the grounds accompanied by his two sons and his great-nephew. ' 3.40 — Here it comes,' he exclaimed as the loitering foot of James the under footman, who after stopping a minute or two to look on at a match which some of the younger boys were playing, came slowly across the grass towards him.' ' Telegram for you, sir" said James, as he handed the brown envelope to Tom, who on opening it and seeing the result, 'Sefton, Insulaire, Childerie,' gave vent to his long pent-up feelings in one great shout of ' Hooray!' ' Good news, I hope, Mr. Kortley,' broke upon hit ear in the well-known tones of Colonel Leppard, who had come up to him unobserved, and who now shared in the general desire to know what could have made the generally reserved Mr. Tom so unusually demonstrative. It was very seldom that any one could take Tom Kortley at a disadvantage, and excited as he was now — for the Liverpool's dam colt, now called Sefton, had been his Derby selection, and by its success he had won his great coup of fifteen thousand pounds — he yet had sufficient presence of mind to drive into his coat pocket, and substitute unobserved the first telegram that he had received for the one containing the Derby intelligence. Thereupon he proceeded to announce to the members of the school now gathered round him. ' Downes has got the first mathematical entrance scholar-ship.' At which all the piping trebles of the attentive listeners shouted with all their little might, echoing the loud ' Hooray ' which had gathered them from all corners of the playground. Just about the time, some five hours later, that Tom Kortley was despatching by registered post three letters containing their precious vouchers to the Boulogne commission agents, Colonel Leppard was graphically describing to a dinner party assembled at his house the scene that be had witnessed daring the afternoon. After bearing testimony to the excellence of everything connected with Doctor Kortley's establishment at Homer House, he went on to speak of the interest shown in his great-nephew's success both by bis schoolfellows and more especially by Tom Kortley, whose behaviour on the occasion he thus set forth : — 'And I can assure you, that he couldn't possibly have been more excited or enthusiastic if the telegram had brought him the news that he had won a fortune on the Derby.' — The Illustrated Sporting and Dramatic News. 