Shrouded in Mystery OR. Which Girl Did He Marry ? By Skfpp Borlase, Avtsob op '? Fob Tbob Love's Ears.' * Thbeb Lovely Wok».h,' ' Darkeb i Tuak Death,*' ' An Ocean Secbet,' ?' Bboallbd to Life,' ' Riches to Buin,' 'Wno Killed John Camebon f ' ?? The Police Minibtek.' Etc. OHAPTEE LVII.— (Oontixued). SRCIBOIiBD BT A HUNDKED J'EHILS — HOW ABE THEY TO ESCAPE THEM ? Bounding up tho stairs, three steps at a i he rushed into llose's presence, ex- j claiming— I ' All is lost bat honor, and it is now high I fcime to think of safety ; of yours at all I events, and as I may perhaps be ustinl to 1 yon I will escape with you, though how and : In what direotion I cannot tell, not having i had time to give the snbjcct a moment's I thought. A very few miles out of Preston, I »ou, however, will be safe, and that iB all I ?' Bat I care about a great deal more, for your safety is every bit as dear to mc as is I Say own. 'Happily, too, 1 have had ample I time to tnrn over and over in my mind how feeit to secare both,' responded Rose hur- ' riedly. j ' From the fint 1 have guessed how tbe | terribly unequal fight would too surely pTid,' she continued, 'and bo 1 lost no time ; in procuring Buitable disguises for oar flight, , which must be towards the south, since 1 yosr foes will never think of looking for I you in that direction. See here, this is a poor sountry woman's cotton dress and woollen head shawl for myself, and these men's clothes were strapped on to the saddle ?f the galloway that I rode here from Scot* land on. They must have been the drover's who escaped out of the town a few nights ago, and you two were about the same height and size.' 11 Nothing could be better,' exclaimed , Stranraer. 'Go into your room and don your disguise as quickly as you can, and I will follow your example with equal haste. I'd better wash my face and hands, for there's (oo much gunpowder smoke about the one and toe much blood upon tbe other for them to belong to a man of peace, but if you could do the very reverse to yours it would be very wise, though not perhaps a very pleasant proceeding, for the more comeliness that you can conceal or temporarily get rid of the better it may be for you, in— in every sense. Now go— -for not a moment is to be lost.' Without another word they passed into their respective bed chambers, and five minutes later met ooce more in the sitting coom that lay between, Hose attired in a blue white spotted cotton gown, which she fciLrf purposely torn in two or three places, the rents now revealing a coarse brown cosset petticoat beneath, and wearing a red woollen shawl over her head, and fastened beneath her chin with a common brass brooch, while her feet were thrnBt into a pair of wooden eoled clogs. She had rubbed hex bands and wrists quite red, and reduced her face to a some what grimy aspect, while such small amount of hair as she showed was in an untidy and towsled condition. Cameron of Stranraer, on the other hand, now figured in coarse fustian knee breeches and white woollen stockings, a deep flapped scarlet waistcoat, a loose black velveteen jacket, bine neckerchief, and in his right hand he grasped a stout oak sapling. Bose had, in fact, not forgotten a single item that was calculated to render his dis guise perfect. Of course, to carry a sword under such circumstances was quite out of the question, but he had a loaded pistol in each pocket to use if occasion should require, though only as a last resource. »' Now,' said Bose, ' we had better proceed at oi?oe to the stable and saddle the gallo tov. The people know of and hare helped me' in fill my preparations, and tbey will wink at our going, though I would not answer for their actively assisting us, since they might be fearful of unpleasant conse daences to themselves if found out.' 41 We .couldn't expect it of them, so come along, for Providence at all events will help (hose who help themselves.' ** And in Providence we will put out trust. But I declare, I was going to forget my market basket.' *' Yoae market basket !' « Tea. that I brought butter and eggs in, to sell to townsfolk, from our little farm fust beyond Walton-le-Dale. You see that's Che direction in which it will be best for ns 4o traveL.' 44 I declare yon seem to have thought of everything.' _ ' Women should have some wit if only to wtg np for men having so much courage. Out come, here is my basket,' and she darted back into and then brought out of her bed room a large and substancial one, and ran ber arm through the handle. The two then made their way downstairs, and out through the kitchen into the stable yard at the back, neither meeting nor seeing anyone on their way, which, however, did not cause our heroine the least surprise. To her husband's astonishment she knew tbe very stable, and even the exact stall, in which to find the galloway, which the trans formed chieftain set himself to saddle and bridle with all possible speed. ' Stop,' aaid Bose, however, suddenly, a there's a pillion to be pat on, for I shall 1 have to ride behind yon. Now, when once : we've reached the streets be careful that you ride like a lout and not like a gentleman. Ton had better shorten the stirrup a good deal, for that alone would give you a clumsy appearance in the saddle, and it you will besides round or hump your shoulders, lean well forward, keep your mouth partly opeo, and say 4 Gee hup4 apery now and then, you'll pass muster, I thlnL, very well. But yoB most be very careful not to flg.y anything more or else. If we're stopped IJH do &U; the talking, which, being a woman, will surprise jjobody.' OHAPTEE LVIII. IK THE BIBSLE IMITATES THE BED eEA OK A 6MAXL SCALE. A miotfts later both of them were atop of the sturdy though rough-coated afilmal, but bad hardly emergen out oi me staoie j into the lane/ which a score of yards higher up debouched into the open market place, when the hoarse brattle of drums, mingled with sounds that struck them to be hooting and reviling, caused Stranraer to pull rather sharply up. and tbe next minute be looked apes a sight that filled him with intense ppief and indignation. Ic was the Earl of Derwcntwatcr and Lards Widdrington and Nain, chained and fettered, and marching along between files of Hanoverian soldiery with shouldered muskets and fixed bayonets, while their fifcrs and drummers walked in front playing the « Bogues' March.' The gruesome spectacle told the tale ci the town being wholly taken, of the unequal ?traggle being entirely over, and how in domitable valour and steadfast loyalty to a long, legitimate, and native line of monarcbs was being thus grossly insulted for the gallant resistance it had offered against overwhelming numbers. ' Bose,' said Stranraer, suddenly and ex citedly, ' your get-up is so good, yoor wit so keen, and your nerves so strong, that I do verily believe that yon could get on better without than with mc in this yoor own native country. That being the caae I feel that it would be base and cowardly on my part to desert my companions in misfortune, and that, aB I have fought with them, it behoves me to die with them also.' « No, no,' replied our heroine appealingly. 'Tou most not think of such a thing. 1 would not say a word against you risking your life in an attempt to save theirs, if tbe slightest chance offered of its being done aye, and at no matter how great a hazard. Bat what you now propose to do is a very *di£erent thing, and could not benefit those mnfodonate lords in the slightest degree, while ii would bring down certain destruc tion upea yourself. No, no, 1 say again, 70B shall not «io it, for your life is mine, and E am resolved to «ave iu ' ' Ood forbid, girl, for yon may be hazard ing your own in tht attempt. The idea merer -struck me till now, tut at the present «noment lit -eames home .to *?e with tbe S asafeatan attained rebel, and by ta-i^rrow «here will without doubt be a reward, ppt f?r I which .frill declare it big)* -j treason to oven afford me food, simitar, or succour. Yes, Rose, coming to think of it, rou will be a hundred times S3fer with out than with me, and that being so I may jast as well cast iu niv lot with my friends. I shall leave you, dear girl, just as on« suddenly plague-stricken would hurriedly forsake her whom he loved best, thinking only that if he lingered he might give her the contagion,' and Stranraer prepared to get down off the galloway. ' Hear me,' cried Bose pitcously, clutching at his sleeve the while, 'as surely as you surrender yourself up to ccrtain destruction 1 will do the same. Aye, as surely as you ruBh upon a perfuct.lv needless death so will 1. You may think I have done nothing deserving of it and the law will not indict it on me : but suppose I were to declare that you had impregnated me so tboroughlv with your own political views that 1 had shot onp of King George s olhcers dead from a window of the inn ? Aye, where then would be my chance of cscape? I swear to you that that's what 1 will de clare if vou drive mc to it.' - 'Great heaven, girl, you cannot be in earnest. Besides the statement would be ' A life, especially a noble life, would be cheap! v bought by a dozen such falsehoods, and as sure rb God's in heaven I will cither save vours or else Iobc my own.' Stranraer made no answer, for her de votion touched him too deeply for him to be able to do so. Instead, however, of dis mounting. as he had originally iutendod, he turned in his saddle, caught hold of her right hand, and raising it. to his lips kissed it fervently ; after which he managed to get out a loud ' Gee hup!' and commenced to re-navigate his si^ed up the lane, and out of it into the by this time crowded market P The little dialogue which we have just given word for word was uttered in the darkness of the narrow lane in half the time that it has taken to jot it down, and the way in which Cameron of Stranraer closed it told Bose quite as plainly as the mOBt impassioned utterances migau u»»c uuuw that she had gained her point, anJ that her husband had no longer any thought of delivering himself up to captivity and death. A minute later they had emerged from the gloom of the lane into the full glare of the large, piazza-surrounded market place, for some neighboring houses were burning furiously, which made the 6ccne in the open almoBt as light as da} . By the lurid glow the three captured rebel lord's could be seen standing on the highest step of the ancient stone cross, hemmed ronnd by the Hanoverian soldiery, who were evidently in that brutal manner makiug a public show of them, for tbeir fifers and drummers were still playing the 4 Bogues March' with all the united strength ^ of their arms and lungs ; nor were they making anv attempt to stop the mob from throwing rotten eggs, dead cats, and all the vegetable and animal refuge of the market place at the unfortunates nobles, to whom, as the commanders of the Stuart forces, they had been indebted for the most orderly and well behaved army of occupation that had per haps ever been quartered in any town, i Bose was glad the direction in which they desired to go necessitated their turning their backs on the distressing and disgraceful scene almost as soon as it was presented to their gaze, for she felt sure that else her companion's indignation might have got the have been the consequences to them both. As it was thev got on without any notice being taken of them to some little distance, and had begun to congratulate themselves that at all events tbe extreme of danger was over, when thev were suddenly brought to a standstill bv a subaltern officer at the head of half-a-dozen soldiers, who seemed to be engaged in the duties of a patrol. ' Where ate you going to, my pretty maid ?' demanded tbe officer jocularly, ' Back to tbe farm for some more batter, eggs, and cheese, for I expect you brave soldiers will be hungry after so much fighting, and so I expect to make a good profit out of my wares,' answered Bose. ' I'll dare sware that you've driven a good trade in them with the rebels, you glib tongued jade.' ' And if I have, neither butter, eggs, nor cheese aTe contraband of war. good sir, and in token of my loyalty 1 charged tbem all the more for my commodities on account of their being Tcbrls.' ' And is that lout in front of you your serving man or vour brother?' ' Indeed, sir, and he's neither, but only just inv husband for want of a better.' '? And pray does he always keep bis mouth open like that ?' _ j ' Only when he's hungry and has nothing to put in it.' ' But hasn't he any speech to let out of it. In other words, has he a single word to say for himself V Say for himself ? He say anything 7 I'd like to' see bim attempt it when I'm by. No, no, mv handsome and brave young gentle man, it's his place to do all the working, and mine to do nil tbe talking, and that's what I call a fair division of labor, and I often tell him that if he does his share of the work as well as I do mine there'll be no cause of complaint against him,' Tbe officer laughted at this retort, and then made answer— 'Well, he looks as thoogh yon keep him in his proper place. And as for vonrself, by George 1 would kiss you my | pert little farmeress if your lace looked only i a little cleaner, and your hair tidier, if only , to find out whether he'd say anything then. I Aye, I've a great mind to hazard the experi- 1 ment even as it is, so I 'Gee hup 1' exclaimed the Beeming conn- ; try bumpkin on hearine this, at the same; moment drumming with his heels against the thick-coated sides of the galloway— an unexpected utterance and proceeding on his part which so tickled the Hanoverian officer that he burst into a perfect paroxyism of laughter, which so incapaciated him for everything cIepi that he perforce suffered the pair to proceed on their way without further questioning or molestation. Even the soldiers indulged in loud guffaws, the cadencc of which followed the TlTlHl thPT ?Ot dear Of tbC tOWU (which like all towns poBBCSSsed no suburbs in those dav®) and reached the brow of the hill which overlooked tbe deep and romantic valley of the ltibble.lwhobc northern bank they gained in a very few minutes more, Thev expected to be some little time in finding tbe ford, but what was their surprise upon discovering the river to be quite dry. Hardlv, however, had they ridden half way across it when Bose exclaimed in terrified accents— ' Oh, hurry, hurry, for hark to that roar j and see. the water is coming down upon us in a high wave.'* Stranraer gjanced aronndand at once per olivine danger urged tbe galloway for ward both with .*?« »nd biB he,e,la- , But the rcturmoK -«lters caught them, and swept them awav like £ cork, and for nearlv five minutes it looked very mflcu W though both horse and riders must be drowned. But, most fortunately, a strong current set in suddenly toward the shore which they were endeavoring to reach, and when the hurly-burly of the returning waters had subsided ibis current left tliem within a dozen yards of the bank, thonfjh even then the galloway would have been too ejfhftV-Stod to have reached land with its double burdea had not Stranraer slipped off into the water and csraui beside it tho remainder of the distance. Even as it vu, it ^tumbled in ascending the somewhat steep boo!*, and on regaining it6 ftetwaB found to be dead Isnae in one of them, a misfortune which almost amounted to a calamity in their then position, when to leave Preston behind as far and as swiftly as posBihlc was of all things the one most to be desired. ' WpII. xrr- miiet ?et another nae as soon as may be,' said Stranraer. '-Fortunately, I have 'still funds enough to pay for one. j But have you thought for a single moment, dear girl, upon what the end of this must be ? I cannot always be silent, and the first half dozen words that I'm called to utter will infallibly betray the fact that I'm a Scotch man, when, of course, everyone will set me down to be a rebel also. The Northern burr can't be conquered and eradicated under a year's hard laboT, I take it.' , ' Oh, when we have only Bochdale, my 1 own home, and it is hardly thirty miles distant, I know of half-a-dozen places in which you could securely hide until the danger that now threatens you has blown over. My tathcr'e house will, of course, be ! open to you, with a warm welcome besides, | and if it should not afford a safe hiding 1 enough there iB an eld haunted {pension just I out of the town, which was on*e t co^yent, 1 and has sccrct chambers and hidden dungeons, and which no one will live in, enter, or hardly look towards. There I could bring yon food every night, without slightest risk of discovery, for the hoe in which it stands is called Ghost Lane, and the entire neighborhood iB Bhunncd as well aB the bouse. For the present we are close to the village called Walton-le-Dale, and ; there is an inn there at which I stopped on my way up. They hre good, kind, simple people who keep It, so that we shall be able easily to dcceive them with a plausible tale.' How little did Rose suspect, while looking at the future through such rose-colored spectacles, that her old lover, Lancelot Leigh, was stopping at the inn they were approaching, or that that very night her sister Buth bad been imprisoned in the old hoose In GhoBt Lane by her villianous per secutor, Halcamus Greenwood. OHAPTEll L1X. LANCELOT LEIQH CALLS CAMEBON OP 6TRAKIIAEU TO BTEItN ACCOUNT. It was early morn, and Lancelot Leigh had just come down stairs to breathe the fresh air of the garden, aud therein and thereby acquire an appetite for breakfast; for he had by now so far recovered from his hurl (it could hardly be called a wound) that he was able to limp about very little in convenience, and during the night had there fore firmly made up his miud that he would \- hie very day do. something or other on Bosc'b account, though as to what that some thing was to he he had been wholly unable to decide, notwithstanding that he had lain awake more than half the night trying to hit upon some feasible scheme or other for gelling into Preston, aye, and out of of if. again— of course the latter iu Bose's c- lu pin y. As G cneral Wills* army had approached the town along the Ormskirk-rosd, and through Button and Howick, of course Walton-le Dale, which lay considerably to the right, saw nothiDg of it, nor had even the noise of the bloo ly fight reached so far, since bayo net, pike, and broadsword had been used therein much more than canon or musket, while even those made little noise in those days compared with what they did inlater ones on account of their charges fitting them so loosely. Lancelot Leigh, therefore, had no notion that Preston had fallen when he began to prepare for his before-breakfast stroll in the inn garden, and far less did he expect that Bose— his Bose, alas ! no longer— was al ready on her way to him, and that, conse quently there was not the slightest occasion for him to go to her. Far on her way ? Why she was already there, for Lancelot looking suddenly round, while in the act of lighting his pipe with a flaring stick just plucked out of the newly kindled kitchen fire (his attention having been attracted by the sudden opening and as quick re-BhutUng of the front door) he beheld two forme Bbrouded in the still semi gloom of tbe passage, and the aspect of one of them, notwithstanding its transformation in appearance, caused his heart to beat tumuUuously. tie couia not xeei quite sure at first ; how was it possible, all things considered ? but when he heard a female call out, ' Mrs Bailey, where are you ? it is I,' he recognised the voice at once, as also did the good dame who was appealed to apparently, for er some whatelephantinc tread could be heard making rapidly towards the stair-head, and the next instant her sharp, cracked voice came ring ing from the top of the bouse to the bottom, with— ' Lord a* mussy, my dear, and can that be you f Well, 1 do declare you hev given me a tarn ; and wasn't Scotland to your liking I But 1 don't wonder at it at all, I don't, rspccial at such rimes as these, when everything's in a tarble there, as the saying is. But come on upstails, honey, and tell me all about it, for 1 aren't in exactly a fit oondition to come down yet.' Before the concluding words of her speech , were well ont of the fusBy, good-natured, and motherly old soul's mouth, Bose was 1 bounding up the staircase like a deer, where upon her companion walked straight into the kitchen, keeping his mouth half open and looking as imbecile as he possibly could. But, seen in the clear light of day, bis , particularly handsome, naturallv nroud. and 1 above all strikingly intellectual countenance was most unsuited to such an assumed expression, aud Lancelot Leigh was conse quently able to detect the gentleman beneath the clown at a single glance, aye, and not only that, but the Soot as well, for the high cheek-bones, and, in fact, the entire mould ing of the features, proclaimed bis nationality 1 to so keen and cIobc an observer quite as I convincingly as the Northern barr of his speech could have done had he ventured upon usiDg it. I Instantly there recurred to bis memory all I that the Bochdale drover had told bim con cerning Bose's capture and enforced marriage to this man, if indeed it had been a marriage at all, for the probabilities seemed to him to be strongly against snch a ceremony having ever taken place, dcBpite the purchase of the wedding ring for five gold pieces, which purchase Leigh was inclined to believe bad been made to cover the buyer's shame rather than his lovely captive's. Filled with these moddeniDg convictions, wiih a deadly ha«e against tbeir cause as well, Lancelot Leigh introduced himself to Cameron of Stranraer by dashing his fist in bis face and then exclaiming— ' Scoundrel, if you feel inclined to resent that, follow me into the garden at the back, ; where I'll see if 1 can't follow it up with a ; severe chastisement.' j *' I have no sword,' replied the disguised chief, (,afact you perhaps observed ere you j struck me ' ' There arc a couple hanging above the mantelpiece, each of them a weighter weapon than my own, and if you have a single drop of honest and even lukewarm blood in your veins you will borrow one of them without wastiog time in asking permission, and then at once follow me into the garden.' So saving Lancelot Leigh struck Cameron a second blow, but it, like the first, took about as much effect as though it had been launched at the gnarled trunk of a sturdy oak, and merely provoked the disguised chieftain to retort with a smile : ' You a #: certainly taking great pains to tempt me to humor you, and as perseverance is said to ensure success, e'en lead the war into this garden you speak of and you shan't find mc a laggart in following you.' He then reached down the shortest and the lightest of tbe two swords that hung suspended above the vast open fireplace, and that bad belonged respectively to tbe land lord of tbe iuu and his father, both of whom had followed tbe drum in their day, and straightaway followed the young brewer into the garden. Lancelot Leigh didn't come to a stop until he bad got almost to tbe end thereof, and also to the middle of a broad path that was bordered in so thick and umbrageous a man* ner by filbert trees that not a single window of the little ion, nor, for that matter, of the village cither, could command a view of what was about to take place therein. There be turned quickly round and drew his sword, 'looking daggers' tbe while at the clodpole disguised chief. ' Beally, young sir, whoever you may happen to be, I would much like to know the cause of our quarrel before we begin to wage it— as yon seem to be so anxious that we should do so— to the very death. I can assure you that I am not so much in love with bloodshed as to care about fighting for mere diversion or for an idle whim,' said Cameron of Stranraer quietly. But Lancelot Leigh, whose blood was on the boil, retorted^-' Coward, you are afraid to cross swords wiih i^c,' whereat tbe High land chieftain's weapon was harp in a twinkling, and, almost as quickly tije young brewer's was struck from bis hand and sent shimmering over the tops of the filbert trees, to £all eventually, in the centre of a cabbage bed. He looked m&ch; jn-?re like a fool than a hero now, and furtheriMOfe ipopt pain fully conscious of tbe fact, wluch drpjre him to exclaim petualanthy — 'Well, sir, why don't you kill mc, even as 1 most assuredly should have killed yog had fortune been on my side instead of yours,' ' Killing people may not be such a pleasur able excitement to me as it appears to be to you,' said Stranraer oaltnly. ' Even of champagne, or of strawberries and cream, one gets tired in time, and so I suppose It is with slaughtering. May 1 ask you how many men you have killed in your time ?' ' J've never killed one yet, and, what's msre, I never thirsted to Idll one until I beard of your c«isUnee,' 'And pray what barm hftft? I eyer done yon ? If you will but tell me I'll endeavor to atone for it in a more satisfactory and rational manner than by passing three feet of cold steel through your body, as you have just invited me to do ; for I have never yet thirsted to kill any man, even through duty qj: destiny, call it which you will, has com peliea i(£ despatch, alas, a great many.' ' Your oily-teheed Jiypoorite, I surely need tell you no more thta thfct yo^r com paoioa ftad your victim vw oacs wf be* trothed wife, ami, iu addition, oue of the sweetest and most innocent of girls.' ' Well, and when she became my honored and lawful wife, she was simply changed into one of the sweetest and most innocent of women. 1 trust that you do not for a single moment doubt that she is my wife, for if you do you may very easily and quickly tempt me to punish you for so ba«c a suspicion levelled at her, albeit that 1 can afford to ' treat lightly enough your petulance towards my self.' 4- If she is married to you, well I wot that it was not of her own inclination or free will. You forced her into what must have been to her a most odious union, or she would not have shed such flools of tears when . you {-laced the riug upon her finger, or looked ike a death doomed martyr throughout the entire march from tbe Scottish borders to Preston town. Ha, villain, you see that I know more than you seem to have suspected 41 You seem to know more than 1 even myself know ; but soppose th it, before you make up your mind that what., after all, you merely think you know is the truth, you go and make your inquiries at tbe fountain bead ? If you really are, as you have pro tested yourself to be — well, we will sav a dear friend of my wife's, she will doubtless be glad to sec you, and you know where to find her, and 1 lay no restriction upon your doing so. Go and demand of her, I say, the true version of the story, and I will here await your return, in order that if her expla nation does not exonerate me from all blame we may commence our little duello afresh, and thoroughly understand what we are fighting nliout. I give my word of honor that 1 won't run away.' 11 1 have not the slightest apprehension of your attempting it,' replied Lancelot Leigh, in his confusion and agitation never noticing that Stranraer spoke ironically. 'And,' he added, ' your proposition seems to be so equitable and magnanimous a oue that 1 cannot well do otherwise than accept it. By George, if I really have misjudged you my shame will be as intense as my delight, and yet what shall I then be able to think of her ?' and with * sigh Leigh bowed stiffly to his late antagonist and then hurried hack to the inn. 'Lewis' Topographical Dictionary, Volume S, page 6GB, describes this strange phenomenon. [To bb Continued Next Wednebday.} 