The Unpardonable Sin. Bt Ret. Dk. Taestage. r of sin. and blasphemy shall be for riven unto niea: but the blasphemy against the Holy Ghost shall not be forgiven unto men. And •aft™, it shall be forgiven him; but whosoever epeaketh against the Holy Ghost it shall not be forgiven him. neither in this world, neither in the world to come.—Matt. xii. 31,32. He found no place of repentance, though he sought it carefully with tears.—Hcb. xiL 17. You see from the first passage that there is a .sin against the Holy Ghost for which a inau is never pardoned. Once having committed it, he is bound hand and foot for the dungeons of despair. Sermons * may he 'preached to him,' songs may be sung to him, prayers may be offered in his behalf; but all to no purpose. He is a captive for this world, and a captive for the world that is to come. Ho you suppose that there is anyone -here who has committed that sin? All sins are against the Holy Ghost, but my text speaks of one especially. It is very clear to my mind that the sin against the Holy Ghost was the ascribing of the works of the Spirit to the agency of the devil, in the time of the apostles. Indeed the Bible distinctly tells us -that.- In other words, if a man had sight given to him, or if another was raised hum the dead* and some onestanding tlere should say, "This man got his sight by Satanic power; the Holy Spirit did;not do this, Beelzebub accomplished it;" or, " This man raised from the dead was raised by Satanic influence,1' the man who said that .came under the curse of the text, and com mitted the .fetal sin against the Holy Ghost. Now, I do not think it possible in this day to commit that shi. I think it was possible only in apostolic tames. But it is a very terrible thing ever to say anything against the Holy Ghost, and it is a marked fact that 'our race has been marvellously kept back from that pro fanity. Youhear amanswear bythenameof the eternal Gi>d, and by the name of Jesus Christ; but ycu never heard a man swear by the name of the Holy Ghost. There are those' here to-day who fear they, are guilty of the unpardonable sin. Have you such anxiety ? Then I have to tell you positively that you have not committed that sin, because the very anxiety is a result, of the movement of the gracious Spirit, and your anxiety is proof posi tive, as certainly as anything that can be demonstrated In mathematics, that you< have not committed the sra that-1 -have been speak ing of. I cau look upon this audience and feel that there is salvation, for all.' But while .Ibave. saSd^I do not think it is possible for us to commit the particular sin i spoken of in the first text, I have^by reason of I the second text to call yoUr attention to the fact i that there are'sins which, though they may be 1 pardoned, are in some respects irrevocable: and you can find no place for repentance, though you seek it carefully with tears. Esau had a birthright given him." In olden times it meant not only temporal but spiritual blessing. One day Esau took this birthright and • traded it off for something to eat.. Oh, the ; folly! But let us not be too severe npon him, for some of .us have committed the same folly. After he had made the trade, he wanted to get it back. Just as though you to-morrow morning should take all your notes and bonds and Government securities, and should go into a restaurant, and in a fit of reck- < lessness and hanger throw all those securities on the counter and for a plate of food. making that exchange. This was the one Esau made. He sold his birthiight for a mess ! of pottage, and he was very sorry about it afterward; hut "he found no place for repent ance, though he sought it carefully with tears." There is an impression in almost every man's mind that somewhere in the future there will he a chance where he can correct all his mis takes. Lire as we may, if we only repent in time, God will forgive us, and then all will he as well as though we had never committed sin. The simple fact is, that men and women often take twenty years of their life to build up j influences that require all the rest of their life | to break down. Talk about a roan beginniug ; life when he is twenty-one years of age; talk about a woman beginning life when she is eighteen years of age 1 Ah, no! In many ' respects that is the time they close life. In nine cases out of ten, all the questions of eternity are decided before that. Talk about a j maiority of men getting their fortunes between thirty and forty ! They get or lose fortunes between ten and twenty. When you tell me that a man is just beginning life, I tell you he is just closing iv. Oh, young man! the sin of yesterday, the sin of to-morrow, will reach over ten thousand, years—aye, over the great and unending eternity. You may after a while say, "lam very sorry. Now I have got to be 30 or 40 years of age,, and I do wish I had never com mitted those sins." What does that amount to? God may pardon you; but undo those things you never will, you never can. I put all parental mistakes in* this same category of irrevocable mistakes.1 We begin the education of our children too- late; By the time they get to be 10 or 15 we wake up to our mistakes, and try to' eradicate this bad habit, and change that; hat it is too late* That parent who omits in the first 10 years of the child's life to make an eternal impression for Christ, never makes it. • The child will probably go on with all the disadvantages which might have been avoided lay parental faithfaloess. Now, you see what a mistake that father or mother makes who'puts off to late life'adherence to Clmst. Here is a man who at fifty years of age says to you, " I must he a Christian "; and he yields his heart to God, and sits in the place of prayer to-day a Christian. None of us.can dgubt it. He goes home, and he says, "Here at fifty years of a^e I have given my heart to the | Saviour. How Xinust establish a family altar."" I What! Where are yourchildren now? One in | Boston-another in Cincinnati; another in j New Orleans* Are you, my brother, at your I fiftieth year, going to. establish your family I altar? Very well; better late than never; hut I alas, alas ihatyou did not do it twenty-five j years ago! ' ' * ♦ | Oh, there is such a thing as coming to Christ soon enough to save ourselves, but not soon enough to save others ! How many parents wake up in the latter part of life to find out the mistake! The parent says, " I have been too lenient," or "I have been too severe in the discipline of my children. Xf I had the little ones around me again, how different X would do!" Ton will never have them uroundagain. The work is done, the bent to the chaiactcr is given, the eternity is decided* X say this to young parents—those who are twenty-five or thirty, or thirty-five years of age,— have the family altar to-night. How do you suppose that father felt as he leaned over the couch of his dying child, and the expiring son said to him, " Father, you have been very good to me* Tou have given me a fine education, and you have placed me in a fire socaal position ; yon have done every thing for me in a worldly 6ense; but, father, you never told me how to die. Now I am dying, and I am afraid." In this list of irrevocable mistakes, I place also the nnkindnesses done to the departed. When X was a hoy, my mother used to say to me sometimes, " De Witt, you will he sorry for that when I am gone." And I remember just how she looked, sitting there with cap and rtaclcs, and the old Bible in her lapand never said a truer thing than mat, for I "have often been sorry since. While vre hare our friends -with us, we say un guarded things that wound the feelings of those to whom we ought to give nothing but kind ness. Perhaps the parent, without inquiring into die matter, boxes the child's ears. The little one, who has fallen in the street, comes in covered with dust, and, as though the first ! disaster was not enough, she whips it. After ! a while the child is taken, or the parent is taken, or the companion is taken, and tho6e who are left say, ."Oh, if we could only get back those unkind words; if we could only recall them!" But you cannot get them back. There is another sin that I place in the class of irrevocable mistakes, audi that is lost oppor tunities of getting good. I never come to a Saturday night but I can see that during that week I have missed opportunities of getting good. I never come to my birthday hut I can see that X have wasted many chances of getting hetter. I never go home on Sabbath from the discussion of a"~ religious theme without feeling that I might have done H in a more successful way. How is it with you ? There is one more class of sins that I pnt in this category of irrevocable sins, and that is lost opportunities of usefulness. Tour business partner is a proud man. In ordinary circum stances, say to him, "Believe in Christ," and he will say, " You mind your business, and I'll mind mine," But there has been affliction, in the household. His heart is tender. He is looking around for sympathy and solace. Now is your time. Speak—speak, or for ever hold your peace. There is a time in farm-life when you plant the corn and when you sow the seed. Let that go by, and the fanner will wring his hands while other husbandmen are gathering in the sheaves. You arc in a religious meetiug, and there is an opportunity fcr you to speak a word for Christ. You say, "I must doit." Your cheek flushes with embarrass ment. You rise half way, but you cower before men whose breath is in their nos trils, and you fall back, and the oppor tunity is gone, and all eternity will feel the effect of your silence. Try to get back that opportunity! You cannot find it. Remember that there are wrongs and sins that can never be corrected; that our privileges fly not in circles, but in a straight line; that the lightnings have not as swift feet as our privi leges when they are gone; and let an oppor tunity of salvation go bv us an inch, the one hundredth part of an inch, the thousandth part of an inch, and no man can overtake it. Firc winged seraphim cannot corac up with it. The eternal God Himself cannot catch it. I stand before those who. hare glorious birthright. Esau's was not so rich as yours. Sell it once and you sell it for ever. I remember the story of the lad on the Arctic some years ago—the lad Stewart Holland. A vessel crashed into the Arctic in the time of a fog, and it was. found that the ship must go down. Some of the passengers got off in the lifeboats, some got off on rafts; but three hundred went to the bottom. During all those hours Holland stood at the signal gun, and it sounded across the sea, "Boom! boom!" The helmsman forsook his place, the engineer was gone, and some fainted and some prayed and some blasphemed; and the powder was gone, and they could no more setoff the signal gun. The lad hrokran the magazine, and brought out more powder; and again the gun boomed oyer the sea.' Oh, my friends, tossed on the rough seas of life, some have taken the warning, have "gone off in the lifeboat, and they are ; bnt others arc not making any attempt to escape. So I stand at this signal gun of the Gospel,Roundingthealarm. Beware! Beware! " Now is the accepted time; now is the day of salvation." Hear it, that yonr soul may live! 