TO-DAY'S TOPICS. I'nH news wil be received with mixed feel iuge that eoalp.hun iug has received a severe tet back in the Dbtbo? di-tiet Lost juvenile readers of FENIHORE COOPER's and MAYNIE imo's tiles should imagine tha-t a tribe of tedians hog iuvaded Australia for burioess ppores, it is necessary to explain that the only scalps haviug a oemmercial value in the di-lriot referred to are those of native dogs Again-t dingoes the war goes on itcessantly, asld if it included a few more caniies n.t of the native breed no hrm nwould be done. It eppears that the number of scalps received by the Pa-ttral Beard at that quarter is almost sufficient to eause it to file its eehtdule '[he figures for last month are 16 000, so that, in thcse dull times, it would almlst pay to entourage the ,rowth of a crop of scalps The day of the kangaroo appears to be over, for the eyelist is on his trail, armed with Wincehester rifle. ouunted on his fie.ry safety, the hunter approaches a molb of marscpise, runs them down, and deal out death. Thesis not. a fairy tale, publi-hed in England regarding ooi.nial experience in Auntralia. It shows how the resources of civilization are called into play in matters of evecyday life, and h~,w humanl ingenluity is reducing sport to the level of a m chanical industy. Speaking of eyoiea, it appears that the recent revelation' of ,ffairs tis they are in. Ohicago has had" the mot salutary effects upon tho aldermen of that oity. Thesehigh. toned persons have been g~ieved by the strong predileetirti of the eyclists to tide in free aild easy oostum,,s, and have lheceior'e pasted a sumptuory law evin more shilegnot than the ' neck to the kles" ukasa of the Nowcastle aldermen ao to bathing dress. All Chicago eyclists ridi .g within the bounds of the eity will have to wear a aontume baggy up to the antiles. Althouhb no ord-r has been made an to collar and tie, the jaoket is to be made . high at the throat. Kuiekethrkokrs are tahooed5 and stockings are net to be exhibits' on any atcount. The regulation is to be observed by both rnen andwomen. Who for the future wilt be ab'e to imptuc Chicago Mr. sTEan oughet for evet to hide his diminishod head, while Sir GaonoE Denis will be consumed with remorse 00 account uf having made a hasty and ill-considered re markt about Colonel CAMemPELL and that great sity. The Wolloogong Barbour Trust is in a .very bad wRy, and the mbhatitacts of th t town have aceordiugly asked the Government for an order thee, it be wound-up. It is evident that thair reast ill the institution was frotm the first misplaced For a time it served the purpose of giving some fees to sereral Go. veunment nominees. But wheo the Stare, which sipp ied almiot all the revenu, re futed to part iwith any m ire mnolay, the trnst had to co,.fros itself a miserable failure and to stop operationa. towever, it wea not quite resul~laqs, for it has a contract and a lowsait oni its hands. That Late Illawarra seeieme oam.s under its officiil oognisance, and the Goverom-nt, if it take the trustover, will, of enurse, accept all its re.poneibiliteio. Altugether, it is not wonderfua tha: the Mini ster should eoenider thart the experience of Wolloagong is not eunur-iging to tho crea tion by the Government of similar iostitutisue for other harb,,urt. But the result is not a fair o-iterioen cf the vluoc of such bodies, for the one at Wollong.icg never had a hn?ne and will die of inherent wealkncss. It is very well for the geod people of M?dgee to agitate for the construction of a line from heir town to Walgett. The troubles of the Maidgee railway are wall. known to the Commissieners, and its filan. dci results are writ large in the accounts of their non-pa)ing lines. And now iris pro p eled to form thict line into a means sf diverting the traffic of the north-eastern portion of the colony to Sydney, instead of allowing it to run in its noturcl chan nel to Newcastle. Mr. YoN(o was quite right when he remarked that the Newascetlo people were "natural~y in" elined to cesent" any diversion of the trade from its natural course. It is quite possible thilt the Mudgee to Walgrtr, route is approved by the Government officials who have the matter is hand. That, howevwr, is not the conclusive factor in the ease, and the opinions of the Public Worke Committee aud of Parliament have yet to be heard on the pro-I posal. The decision will be arrived at on quite another consideration than that the lite favoured by the Mudgee people will cuit exactly the grab-all interests of the eet:o - polls. The Sydney people have alrs dy the greater part of NOw 8oUoh Wals, and the G(ovtrnmont should see to it that Newcastle's one ewe lamb -the traffic originating in the settlements for which it is the nearest outlet \--is not stolen from it. A man in a Sydney Police Court was charged with stealing a pair of trousers, and confessed the soft impeachment He explained that hbi action was all on aceoucu; of taking too much colonial strychnine. An explmallon is required on this metter, for the action of a large dose of that diug is to stop the heart's actien and restrain the con sumec from annexing other peOiple's hreaette for evermore Perhaps the man erred only in the origin of his poison. It is unpatriotic to say anything to the disadvattagr,, of colo nial produets, but the analyses of certain brews of British beer tell a tale of 'fifttifyiog"' thet would astonish the simple drinkers of that beverage. Grains of paradise, nux vomica, and other mysterinus. drugs are added to give body, or a head, to the n.tional beverage. And as strychnine is derived from the seeds of nux vomica the appropriator of brecehec wouldnot havebeen farout in hisdednations if he had confined himself to a deseription of certain sorts of British ale. The Sick Man has had a rude shook given him by Lord N?aLsBUny. I'he recent out rages in Armenia h tea de5trmioed the Great Posers to put a atop to practices wh h werre common enough in the days of loocazxooon, but which are now forbidden by the csotit of nations. The Sultan having shown a otrong disposition to pooh - pooh the whole affair, something had to 13e done to show him and the nation of which he is the official head that the days of harbariom are over in countris professing to be within the pale of civilisation. The Turk is an anachronism in Europe and in A.ina Minor. Re is an alien in whose favour no lesgth of occupancy will work. While the wave of p-ogress is surging all around him he would if he could turn it away. Nevertheless, the Constantinople Mrs Partington, with her mop, cannot keep bock the rising tide. The grand Turk will at no distan' date have to give up the offi?ial ghost. What country ie to rule at Starmboun remains to be seen. The British Government has note very plainly told the Sultan that any further opposition to the claims for reform a~lvneced by the Powers will be the signal for tne dis memberment of turkey. This statement th, Sultan thinks frank even to brutality, and within the Porte the customary submission to the will of Allah has been disturbed, end an impr-sston haes been created that it is noerly time for the Turkich Iov-roment to set its house in order. That such an impresoi.n should have been created by the Britich Government is the bitterest thonght of all, f?,r England playing into the hands of Russia is d-new experience for the los.lem. 