ATTEMPTED' ROBBERY. •Just now the city is infested with a gang of thieves many of whom are well- known to the police, and numerous petty larcenies have bepn reported to the Criminal Investigation Depart An attempt to rob the house of Mr. °f East-terrace, was made 011 UGdtgl ' innately the miscreants Chfcsttto? £ Wfri'tW '' tiwo t0 begin were disturbed btioie IPST . :ncd. The opefHtioVifi; and x'io' loss (•>«§ 1 ajlcj houst, Seoiiis-fo' [.'are been well tvfifGln*;, * . the burglars. cM'fc'ffijl.? plsfnhed their W9TB' • Mr. and Mrs."Parsons and ilieif family vgeia away from their residence all the Averting; j and at about 10 o'clock Miss Parsons had| occasion to return home. She went round to the back door to enter the house, but found it locked. Mies Parsons does not think anyone was inside at this time, and s'tfe went away for about a quarter of an hour.- During her absiaice it is believed the men—it is presumed thei'o were two of them—effected an entrance. The glass of the parlor window was broken to enable the thieves to get at the fastener, ar.d dncb this was accomplished they had no difficult J' in getting ill; Strange to 0£iy they did not touch d large quantity of jewellery which was lying about indie's# Irififtately iti the parlor. V/bcn Miss Parsons returned fcr the bouse she heard a voice inside saying; "Great Ca»ar's ghost, we're Caught!"— or wb'fdg ..to tjiat effect. She at once1 called for assis'tapec; and one of the burglars finding that firii position was becoming serious "faced the mi/Sift" by rush ing wildly out by the front door, irio Mii Ss fast as his legs could carry him across the road, but he had not reckoned on the wire fence en closing the park lands, and the spot being dffick. he collided with it. The impact seemed to' ' fctiiH him, and a man whom Miss Parsons called to her' aid captured the burglar. Acting on'the advice o'f hef friend she went to the nearest telephone to call the police, but when she came back there was no sign of the thief or the person whom she imagined was a Good Samaritan. Miss Par sons thinks the other burglar made his escape by the back door. The police are investiga ting the matter. 