QUEANBEYAN. (Boea LooaL PArens.) )c Wednesday evening quite a crowd went out to -e the three-mile road race hold by the Quaneboyan Oyeibg Club. The race was for a trophy given by i. W. Jackson. Alittlo after 5 p.m. the followilg ridurc took their places :-0. Brook, 30 yards behind sratch: S. Nelson, escratch; C. Little, 60 yards; ,. Brook, 200 yards; J. Feagan, 400 yards. Mr. Jackson actLed as starter, and Mr. -. Hayes as edge. 'romn the start the two limhuit men, S. rook and J. Fbeagan, went off hard, and oven increased their big hIandicaps. S. Brook caught Feagan early, bat soon fell away again; none of the ethers could get near Feagan, who won easily. At tie Police Court, on Tuesday, before iessars. Wright, Gatle, Cumpbell, and Bull, Ja.P., Augista Caroline Wilson sued Ernest Meooro for that he did o and niuco the Ist July leave his illegitimate female child without moans of sunpport. MIr. Gne-awrr appeared far plaintiff, and Mr. Downing fordefenedant, who pleaded not gutlt'. The Beneh ordered defendant to pay 7s a week trom the birth cf the child, and to pay all professional costs and ccsts of court. At the mnooting of the debating club on Tuesday night the resignation of Mr. G. J. Losmond, see., was accepted, iand other formul business transacted. lev. W. Mttantell gave a brief address on the his tory and exnplceations of ghosts, maintaining that there was Ic spiritual as well as material body. He gave one or two instances of messages ean vi.iois from spiritland. Dr. Richalrdson then opened the debate--" Are ghosts a reality or a figmont of the imntagina tine " 1Ie was in favour of the imagination theory. lIn believed they were due to ai diator tieon of tbo retina. They could not be felt or heard, blt weore present to only one sense-the sight. Mr. Downing said the theory of reality of ghosts was a philosophic dootrino fully established. He qluoted scriptiral instances of visitations. Thece wt proof thalt spirits ihad appeared and given proof to amoro than the sense of sights. Mr. Vincent mnintained tlat the theory of the actual existuence of ghosts was an :bsurdity tlhat had passed away. lit. Gale was a firm believer in glhosts, for he had ad experioenco of them. There wore two kinds those of apparitions and those of premonitions. There was Fenareely a person present who had not sen a ghost. Dr. Blacekall referred to certain ap p3ranres as dreceptions of the sonsos. IIalhlcina tions were distinct from imaginations. Scilnce was silent on the appearaee of ghosts, and they were left to experience, which, he thought, proved their existence. On division the lergo attendance de cided, by a maljority of two, that ghosts woroereal, and the luinistry resigned. A morvement is already on foot among members e the theatrical profession to raise a memorial to the late Mr. and Mrs. 1)aore. A considerable sum es been subscribed. The ladies will be interested to know that all three doaughters of the now Governor patronisen the bicycle, and intend to kIeep up their pmrotice on the rontads of the mnother colony. Tile yong ladies are also good horsewomen. Visoount H mpden is hini elf a oyolist, but no bicycles wore bronght by hini from England, and the family will provldo them Edees with thle necessary steel steeds in Sydniy. The Congo Independent State has prominsed to bing Major Lnothairo to trial on a oharge of lhaving executed Mr. Stokes, a British trader on the Congo, vithout having granted him a trial. 