A STATION GHOST. It waa auring a lamb-marking season that my first experience and actual contact with a ghostly visitor waa made, aud if I live till a.d. 2000 I shall not.forget it. Wo were doing tho rounds on a big holding where it wbb usual to breed from 30,000 ewea. I was overseer, and did tho work from flying camps. The Winter' ilooda had been very severe, and tho_.watqi's were still well out on the runs, bo the young stouk had to bo marked where we found them, as it was impossible to drive them to the regular yards ou account of tho quantity of water which covered the paddocks for hundreds of yards. We carried calico strips for yard making, as timber waa scarce on many parts of the run, and tho ground waa too boggy to cart anything. Our tenta, goods, and ohattola wore carried on pack horses, which had to be tied up at nights to keep thom. We had been out a fortnight, and had got about half throucrh with tho work. There wore thirteen of us in the camp, viz.. tho cutter, two ago and ear-markers, the tail docker, eiffht catchers, and the cook. It was getting late for marking, so we wero early birds at work, aud did not want rooking when night came to send us to sleep. One Friday night, after a trying day (we having marked in no less than niuo make-shift yards), the wind simply howled through tho pino forest (not scrub) in which We wero camped. I had rigged a patent alarm to awake me at 3 a.m. It was a common oil-drum filled with sand. I had punched a holo in it, aud having timed its emptying powers, placed it so that it would bo overbalanced when empty by the tin which caught the sand tipping against it. I raised another tin dish on three pannikins to act as a gong, and placed it so that the oil drum would fall on. it. Wo turned in early, and were as sound asleep as tho dead when — over she went — auch a crash ! My chum Bob and I awoke at the samo time, and saw tho most hideous figuro imaginable sitting whoro the oil-drum had been, grinning horribly. Noithor of us are nervous, having lived iu the wilds of tho bush too long for that sort of thing ; but there was no getting away from the faut that tho figure was thore. For a momont I r,houjrht it must all be a dream, the atter effects of an ingir (crayfish) salad we had for supper, but Eob soon dispelled that idea by exclaiming, ' Well, I'm d ? d ! What the blazes is it?' Wo tossed up- to see which of us should tacklo it, aud I lost, bo shaking hands with Bob, I cocked a stiff upper lip, put a' bold front on, and walked up with the idea of putting my hand on its shouldor. You may judge of my amazement to find my arm went clean through it. ? ? When Bob saw this he picked me up bodily aud carried mo out of the tent. We awoke tho camp and told them of our experience, I am not easily licked, and was puzzling my brains to suggest a cause for this fearful apparition. The wholo oamp looked in through the tent door, and there it was grin ning away like mad. To sti3'that tho camp was scared would but mildly express it. The cook and five of the hands made a clean bolt into the bush, and nevor criod' crack until they reached tho homestead, which was twelvo miles away. Threo of tho others tainted dead away, the rest (four) of us, who managed to keep our right ends up, had our handB full, as two of those who swooned developed fearful fits. Wo got thorn pretty quiet towards sunrise. That dny we tracked the runaways and brought them back to tho camp. Everything was as it had been, and nothing aoDearod that day. Whon night camo wo nil watched. Nothing startliug happened until 3.15 a.m., when tho apparition bogan to put in an ap pearance in tho same position as before, tho feet and l^gs coming first, and gradually the wbolo body, tho same wild grin on tho faco ; tbe eyes gleamed. . Bob and I went in, although the others im plored ua not. to interfere with the super natural. Howover, wo were determined to unravel tho mystery. When going in I, by chanoe, looked back and saw the inoou Bhininn ina dead line with a standing tree, ^vhioh had been half burnt, and our tent, which was lined with dark green baize. The ghost waa formed by a shadow, the burnt figure on the tree being particularly good and weird. I pointed it out to Bob and we got all hands in, after a lot of persuasion, and showed tho whole thing. We all thon had a very hearty laugh. Tho cook put tho billy on and we had a pob of tea aud a snack before turning. in for a well earned sound sleep. — Old Jackaroo. 