Short Slorfr - A IJVE GHOST? ? J1™ is l'-^Tbero ubo ialr— - Thwo tnoyarT**^- Thoso outorioa wore ' -not frog iH0Ut.B 9/CT/01Jj«gatioa1 buttho exclamations crowd which leaned over tho'&dcsi; v jP Campania, ob sho steamed Blowly to nor dock, pud thoraassof; humanity, wotting ^on tho pior became gradually iudividual iom (Jtilari listened with- 'a pan& of lono-.' linosa nono.ithd ;lesb 'keen because it *waa: unreasonable. Ho had informed nobody of hia return. Yet his heart was heavy with tho knowledgo that .one of 'thoso cagorwel ? oomea would bo for him,- thong ho had wan* acred bo much farther than any of these other travellers; .... ? : Two years boforo, ho had rushed' iaway :iu hot desperation of a lovers* quarrel* But in 'darkest Africa' death's overy-day ' neigh borhood had taught him many lessons ; and part of -that stern teaching had boon .the translating of what seemed tho digniftod'solf psortiou of his abrupt doparturo in a cruel . injustice toward tho girl, who loved him. For of oournu Mabel loved him ; elao why shouid »ho have promised hor beauty and bor fortnno to him, pvnniless Tom Stuart,: who possessed only a paint- brush'forfuturo rb liancop It wius her monoy, or rather hia lack of monoy, which had mado bira so easily, offended when Vim JEyck continued to haunt hor Bteps aftor tho announcement of thoir, engugement. Ho had beon jealous, sho had bocn^ resentful ; they ' bnd quarrelled, and: within-,. threo days ho had joined an. os- j pedition fitted out by a couplo of wealthy young fqllowa of his acquaintance, who were inspired with the crozo for African oxploration prevalent among tho youthful millionaire 4 unemployed.' «| Good God 1 how lonjj word thoSso two yearo! Through What a lifetime' of monotonous' marches and dreary watches ho h!od dreamed of the ? letters from hot whioh ho was .con vinoed he « should find tfhen his party got back to Zanzibar, whero civilisation ona-tho mail sorvico ended. - 'Woo it- not one of her half- tender, half -mocking , assertions, in :tho first glad days, of. their, .engagement,, that A woman must naturally prefer to ask forgive- ; nessof the man sho loved, ratbor than .to bo-.', stow her forgiveness upon himfr - ' ' But,' though dozens of ' letters . awaited his friend^ thero had 'been nothing for hhn^ nothing ! Ho was. entirely beroft of family tiesi and was of no social or financial importance. : Only ? to 3label; had; ho defiin4 to cable nows of his safety ; and' her : an^otyi was ab viously not, . incapable , of further ? . endur ance... . ?. J. .' ?'? ?' ? In the midst of. the joyful messages sent homo by. his comrades, ,Tom Stuart. had maiu*. ? tained the silence of hia ''disappointment'. Nor had he wished to break it through iil* fchomnny weoks which are required : even; nowadays to bring a: traveller from Zanzibar to Now York, until this foolish longing for a welcome overtook him ashoomved, unex pected and unrecognized, among tho happy meetings upon the Cunard pier. Yot not quite unrecognised. 4 '... '... Whilo ho was accounting to a cuatojns jn» spector for his portfolio of African sketches* ho Lecnino; awaro of an. oddly amazed staro fixed upon him, and recollected' tho per petrator^thoroof _to. bo_ a-formon -acquaint'-' anco. - _ ^ v 'Halloo, JaWabiJ^'^Hb2 'exclaimed ially. Hjs offered hand, waa- accepted hositaV ingly. * '* ' * ?* '? ' * .1 i «./;?; i i ? ? r if'J i 'Tom Stuart P' Jackson. -stammored, with an uncortain smilo. Beg your pardon:. . :-I— I thought you'wero'dead-' ' ' t,, rV.-V; - ' Never more alivo^ Tom'ddblaroai^fiCTa'g gling against an abBurd dismay afflio quality seasou. 'Ho ia in town,' ? tho , porter i. conce- ded. ? Dines hero every evening, eight sharp.' f; ;♦/; ; .«??') - ?« * I bIi u ll rot ara at 'olgbt j and^ ' shall' rbpbrt you ' Torn ddclUfedi'turtiing^ 'away with'btit!: tmaU c«iwol«tion -iw anticipating tho Vindi cation of his courdo which would crown his rcappe'ai auco : for, ho was imp^tently awaro of anoihop oxohaugd --£ winlis' acrbss' illa ahouldorr- - - ( . ? . r lThe1.)irmis'vnck,,: hd orfercd, haughtily, and hid , his ..discomfiture ;in , ,tSo, ^ ;? ? ? At iiu.h^telho ,w«is assigned a room with out aecuHstio'n of ^g.ft wnud or a.phantom, r.ud thero ho prpccjcd^ to consider- tlio Hitiicuiif position iu whwh ho found him* oolf. Tlj^iwyor with whom ho had left his will, 4*0 his departuro for Afrioa, could proe§®S^ve him all dotalld coniioruhte tho 4 3Tou look splendidly,* 'Jaclfsbn contiiincd, with growing cordiality. * I heard that tho expedition , had . returned eafdy -' to Zanzibar a month ago. But thero . was Hi rumor of your death soon after your depart* 'lam happy' to bo abloHo contradibltiio rumor/ Tom said, cynically; 'though Iddro 8iy moat peoplo will huvo forgotten both me undmy demise, if tho rumor is two years old. You should bo proud of your very retentive memory, Jnokson ' - With this utterannoof a natural if iinjuat ifiatile resentment ho stalked away idto !u, bab, . and was driven up town. ., ? Now York was as dirty, dusty, and dosert ud us it usually is early in August, and Tom's remembrance of African heat bccamo more kindly bofottfho arrived /P 6 ivpi rin g anil; ppt ploxed; at *liis club. He had never been a prominent ine i bor of thut'uine'-;ii'l»lo institu tion, b«»t ho had frequented *t'idi' iiiany years, and, sh iuld everybody h(i ImeWbe'out 6f* the city, ho relied forlornly upon rccognitionfrom tho sorvapts. ! . /: ;; ! -hh. Tho ball. porter, howover,: proved - to bo'a new-comer, who replied to Tom's inquiry for a room with tho formula, Only olub.mom, bera rocivodj « % ?*?-**.- *s»i: 1 You will find my namo.on ihe.books, Thomas, Stuart.' . ,.r. The- porter drew a' ' caifdful firigbr uj-'the columir belorigingito tho lotter S) -Tiion he confronted Tom dumbly, t 'diyided;{bct wceh- amazomont and indignation. 1 Well?' Tom demanded, a chill of suspicion stealing down his Bpinoj~not a'plesant chill; oven in Augusfcj;' ?? -i , l ; . * Tho : Thomas Stuart oh;: thjs 'list is. dead.'-. -'????? ?? ? .v—_ * Don't you: seo . that- 1 am alive P' oried Tom. | 4 Yes/ the other admitted^ 8hatply:;-. I!but ! I don't Bob that you are Thozztas Stuart, j Hero ia tho - star ? ^opposite tho gent- name.' ?Call one ofvtho old- servants. ^ I'vo been away two years, '? Tom said, rt wlntely con trolling his temper, an be taw tho grinning cabman utandimr guard ovor-tho portmanteau ho had just brouwlitin., : 1 ' * * Guess you know that tho whololot.of old servaniM wore ciearea out six mowtu ago, tho portor rojoined, with dk derisive wink at tho cabman. ? ? — 1 1 will havo you discharged for insolenco, to a mombor of tho club,' Tom bogan im pressively. ? : i, ?I nin't afraid' .tho ; other interrupted, triumphantly. ; * If you arb a member you muBtto a ghoat-v and I don't boliovo in ghosts.' Stammering iWith , wrath, ,yot cquoll}* 4a-t termined againtit 'u ,row:or -d -retreat^ Tom ojaculatod tlio names of several acquaintances likoly to bo available for his identifica tion. ' Out iot town,'-1 ,his;. adversary repeated, with a leer, which: grow moro objectionablo at eaob repetition^ ' until Tom remembered Davidr Wynne j on elderly bachelor whopro fesscd a conviction that Loudon and Now York shuro tho comforts of Ufo between them, and that a man' of reasouablo experience is to bo found either in ono city or tho othor at any origin of tho - rumor of his death. 'Was- bis small patrimony! nlfoadyr dividod -(among tho distftnt-h'eiraf Toffl startijd, from b|sj choir ,to soek tho lowyer's.ofUco at onco ; but he.eank book again with a half-smilo; tho old gontlo^; man'Bnolida^s occurred in August, and Tom shrank from confronting a cleric ' possibly tU J ecyptical as tho cliib porter. Ho must nrait for^Wynnc, who wao a oortainty at eight o' clook, and who, alwovB well posted In ovory ibody'o affairs, ooula inform mm not .moroly ubout thd rumor of his death, but about somo imaginable results of - that . rumor which: ? troublod th|s porploxcd yotrajf man moro than ;tho temporaty doubt of . hio identity, or tho. briof dfsarrangemorit 'of his fin-' 031CC3.. ? , '? * lBoforo 'tho,staif was printed benido his namo in tho club list ^hio, death must havo been widely oredUed. 'This oxplained Mabel'o cllonco: sho 'beliuved ;him doad two yearo sinco; along, long timo for faithful mourning of tho dead, — tho. dead who had been, neither just nor tendor in hlsrfarcwollfl. . Good God I how should ho bear to ' hoar that Van Eyok ' bad:Wonher? ' ' . ( ' '? Very ghost -liko ho felt oa ho wandered rcaV lennly,' from tho hotel to tho strcoto. Poor gl^'oato,— real ghostslho hoped that heaven, or cyon tho . other placo, .shut them securely' from any nowo of tho world whioh they had loffc, and whioh- did hot iniss ; theml ' i Eight o'clock found him again at tho club, where his enemy tho hall portor took hla card in cloquont silencp and presently announced that Mr. Wyhno would sco'hlm. '' ? -Thero was a Imob look of question upon David Wynuo's clovorr countoninco;*aa. ho ' awaited hfs visitor. , .. ... , . . . . . ^ t ' This ia a-mo3t extraordinary coinoidrnce, ora most- hb bogan, but(broko off ab riiptly ao Tom hivhhcM': tiuder ' tho olectrie lights: then, with dilating' oyea,hooa:olaimod, ^Groat Heavonal iTom Stnartf-— you , are ttllVflP' J ? -1 According- to .my own Bonsations I dm,' Tom said, smiling iinmirthf ully ; '* though so ma^y. oanopeoploeeem /sure' o! my dcatli that Ibogintoaoubt.', ?; i: :i ??/ ,, ; . dear . follow,' Wynno intorrupted, grasping Tom's! hand. . in , both of his, and speaking with.' deUghtfal exaggtrution, # X havo nover been so'gidd to ceo'onv one.' . He brokooff again, i to otaro ut tho other's baud somo eunbrownOd faco. . 1 This ia inexplicable,' ? he muttered. .. . ,r -'If youmean tho rumor of my death, I in tend to havo that explained very thoroughly/ Xom doqlared, grimlj-. 1 And I come to you to start-my investigations.^. - :i . ?Tt was much, moropositivo. than o rumor : it was a cablegram,' 'Wynno said, ruminat lnglv.: ' ? -! r''' ? v-:': ?- ; ; J- Then he drow forward abig chair ' for hia g^ibst, dropped into another, and took a letter ; caso'from his pocket. ? .'XBcht to my rooms for thisVwhon , tho porter told me that some impostor was claim ing your name,' ho began,- briskly. ::VThis ,is my recoptaolo.for newspaper outtings which interest mo particularly and aro not too long. 5crp is your obituary — — — ' ^ Which was not too long,' Tom interpo lated, bitterly.-' / . ' Bettor, ho a living 4og than a ; dead lion,.' Wyhno cried, geniaUy, : cIossnrb you, my boy, that yon wero very muoh talked about for a weok at least. Ono must bo a Blsmnrok or o Gladstone. : to expect moro of one's world. ' Hoar .? whati r tho ... ;:Jb£erald. eaya ! : ^'With' deep regret we announco'tho death near Zanzibar, Africa, of tho tnlonted young artist* Thomas Stuart. Ho had i joined tho expedition fitted but by Messrs. Blount and Brooke for tho purposo of making sketches am,ong majcrttio ana unfamiliar sconery. 'His deat^r pccurrcd' afier a fow hours* illness, dunhg tho second day's march- from the coaRt, and tho sad intelligence was fcablcd to :hifl'lawyer in'thia city by a servant of Mr. Blount s, who had been sent book to Zanzi bar for that 'objeot. Thus again doss the Dark Continent deprive us of geni us.' ' Gratifying to you hereafter to know how a Herald reporter classifies you,' Wynno said, giving, tho cutting to Tom with a sinilo. 1 Just nofr it is more important that wo ahould aualyzo'Buchfaots as you may remember con ?'cerTunjr the servant who sent- that cablegram. Did Blount discharge him? Or did ho havo any grudgo . against you?' . . .'Not the tlightcst. Nor was he' dis charged; ho simply got funked and' left us :aftor. our first bivouao.' ' : ;; 'ITrom whom . did Blount get him P- : ?: 43Trom Fritz .Van Eyok, who had oin i ployod him on his yacht, and who rooom - mended him etrongly.' '' !-. . -t' VanEy°k ?— If somobody influenced this 'servant to Bend-the cablegram, that somebody must havo had. an object to gain by tho roport of your death. Van Eyok couldn't, of course ? VJk ; ' Wynne paused, as Tom uttorod: an ox olamation: j . 1 /'Tho 6boundrol ; , : r/ _ , ? '/ * Go; slowly, 'my l-oy,* ttie elder man said, jjTom, who had grown vOT'whVte; pressed ; both hands ovor his oytisV while,' witli a : flash-' of divination whoso vividnoss dizzied him, ho understood tho whole plot. Two years in which to win Mabel from tho memory of -tho lover she believed doad P Saoli had beon Van- -Eytk's object in dovisiug and accom plishing, through his old servant,', this curous fraud. Doubtless tho well- paid servant -had vanished. Tho master's complicity would bo difficult to prove'. Yet, moro and- wbrso, Van Eyck was ? attraotivo, . devoted : . Mabol was probably already his wife, — pnro, proud Mabel, who»e misery,; ahould ah© discover that her husband had been guiLty of ao baso treachery, would not bo; lessoned by -the knowledge thatho was , tempted; by love of.i her. 1 - - . ? ? : I ' What haB Van Eyck been doing these j two years!' Tom askod, priesontly. ; I 'Loafing, as usual, and making, lovo to ^ Miss Nesbit ' ; '?Has that occupation boon 8uccessfuiP' ? 1 Slo'vV but aure, those say who profeas to know. There ' are 'bets— bad form, thosd bets ! — that Miss No*bit .will bo Mrs. Van Eyck before Christmas. Keep cool, my boy,' Wynno added, with an odd ohango ,of tono, and a glanco across Tom's shoulder toward a man who was approaching them. Tom roso. The now-comor stood stone still. For a momont . thoy stared at each othor, with a gazo-of such ontiro mutual comprehension that' Words were necdod moroly for its dieguiso. ' ? ' ; (- Alive, after all tho weeping and wailing for' you is ondodP Very. indiooreet, Mr. Stuart,' Van Eyok. oxolaimed. 'You ovidentlv did not share tho general bolief in my death.' ? ' f I raroly sharo a gen oral bolief , oven in ; matters' which concern mo moro deoply than tho rumoured death of an aoquaintanoo.' . , 4 This rumor took tho form of a cablegram sent by, a servant' whom you recommended to us.' T'1 ii : 1 1 stood sponsor for tho fellow's cooking,, not for his voracity, or his sanity.', . j Tho short Bontonoos, sternly owift as tho .first, .passes in 'a duol a la ? mort, ceased B arply. During anotlior lontr_ momont neither, man moved, — a moment in whioh' 'TOin 'fought a nobler battlo for Mabel's 'futuifO happinosa : than over knight of old 1 Waged for nis lndy'ff 'namo; and tlio advor paiy hb conquered wa3 his own fieroo desirq to strike his, olinqhed hand ogainpt Van Eyok's sneering fimijo. .r ' ' Good-higlit, . Wynhoj' ho said, rather' breath lo^lv. ♦Boing a gho3t,'I;a'm'iiiHpirod' by' tho 'well -known! ghostly Hiring- for; colltary 1 projwling.^ Without furthoii word to Van Eyok, ho wulked down, tho ; room,! followed by Wynuo. '( _ ^ ,;ii. ,(j i(:, , : ' Right you are,' that gentleman mur mured, rojoiolngly conscious pf having escaped ; complicity in a row. ' I doubt', whethor you i could provb auythiiig ; J and aoouaation, un I Io&b; provod, eeema more blackguardism. I Clover casaal ho is,— eh f Neat* chat about tho cookfs canity. Breakfast with ma .ti-«mortx)W,. ati tcn.;my boy. I'll -hunt up ,t,wo or, three, old .ohums, and we'll drink to' your.now.loasoof lifo/ 1 : :,.:Vnn Eyok was ; tuming -over t 'an. eve- ning paper when; Wynno* . passod him again. . ' ' ' ''' *'J' * Has Stuart been intorviowing1 his dla* appointed heirs f' ho asked , languidly ; ' or did ho loso his manners in Africa P' ; . * Ho haa had a curious cxperienco.' ' I should liko to hear how ho onragod ay vorv peaccablo cook.' -? - 1 Ho says tho cook had no causo for grudge against him.' ? , ; . -.| Vain Eyok shrugged bio ahouldora. ? 'That io d- otatemont which, few will boliovo, oven though a' man return from tho dondto tftll it* ho fluoted. evnicallv. Then ho roeo. 4 Td-ta, Wynno,' ho Baid, without offering hishand,— porhapa bocauso Wynno'fl remained' comowhat rigidly pondent. ' ' I eail in tho Ilajcstic to- morrow ; ' duo in Scotland noxt . week for tho August , dhoot'- , ing.'. ^ ^ ? ^ ? 'Scotland? Capital idea. You couldn't do hotter,' Wynno declared, ' and went to dinner ouuokling softly. ' Tom wins, by Jovo/aftor throwing down his cards. And tlibro must bo ono woman yot as constant as Penelope.' . Tom Stuart, howovor, had not thrown down all hia cards. Though ho had rcaolvod to loavo unaccuccd tho man who had by suoh ingenious treachcry .won Wnbol from him, ho owed it to her to write her of his roturn, and of bin unohanged lovo,' 1 not mentioning Van Eycli'snamo, porhnps. An Tom walkod. swiftly: along a way that had used to bo the way to Paradiso, thoro drifted across tho fcu* miilt of hi.H thoughts eomo lines Which thrilled him wbndrously : ,r: ; — Thcto's.a time in tho lives of most womon and * ' men . . r _ When tringto * threads would grow smooth : and even If only tho dead could know just when .To como baok and bo forgiven.' Was this ghostly coming baok tho ..4 just when ' P Surely ho would not loso. tho chanco of it!. Mabol,.of courso. uiust now bo out of town;,ho, could got hor address from thocaro tiikor leit 'in r cnargo .of her bouso, and sho should' have' hia letter boforo .seolng Van. ?Eyck again. Very bleak and blaok tho tall houso looked (is ho rang,rr:darlily different from tlio bril liant welcome its Ughted-windowo had beon j wOnt to offer him. , . . . „ '?Her addressi,is Jtr .oho's nero horBOlf,— como; into the city ford couplo of days,' tho oarortaker replied to hia demand, 'then van ialiedin baste to finish;ono of tho perennial meals of her Tlio drawing room,, despoiled of curtains and portieroH, yearned boforo him;.adim cave, With on atnn sphere redoleUt of linen furnituro covers instead, of mouldy stono ;? and into its :doptbH ho Hlunibled^. ... . ... , 1 Yea. plie was .thero, rising tremulously 'froiu tho nLadows, iwhito us tho vision' sho bo .Jioved him to bo. fTom? Tom!— Is this dreamingPor dy ing?' she whKporbd, awed but not airaid; uot afraid, becauso . love, thank God, iB mightier than' ' death or fear of it.. ? ' ; With this thanksgiving ho took bor .iji nis'arms, and forgavo tho rest of tho world ita treachery and its forgotfulnesa.— Ellen Mac .lcubin-'. ; ? 