The annual dinner of the Froo-tvado Demo cratic Association is an entertainment that may now bo regularly counted upon along with the Baby Show and the visit of tho Gaiety Company. A dinner of calves' heads has before now played a very con spicuous part in dynastic politics, and Mr. Murray Smith lias thereforo ample precedent for celebrating by a hanqust tho revolution that, lis lolls us, is on the point of overthrowing the present fiscal ritjimc of the colony of Victoria. ' To ho sure, the change promises to he a rather slow on(!i jf we Illay judge from his jubilant delight and surprise at finding that as many as 200 « '""o- traders had been inveigled into eating it. "He " doubted whether throe years ago ono- " fourth of the present gathoring could " liavo boon mustered." One-fourth of two hundred is fifty, and if only fifty convorts por annum to " tho otornnl " principles " are to ho reckoned upon out of a population of a million and n quarter, a vory Himpla sum in arithmetic will show how many conturics nniBt pass before a majority of them aro eager to invest their pocket money in a three and sixpouny dinner-ticket for the honor and glory of tho cause. But wo know from cxporience that a frco-trador lias learnt to ho thankful for tho smallest mcrcios, Ho doos not oxpcct much, and lie is not disappointod when lie gets littlo or nothing. Ho moves heaven and earth to catch a siugio adherent, and whon ho has caught him he chuckles liko a hen over hor first egg. Mr. Smith was not so sanguine - as to bcliovo that " tho intractahlo animal," protection, was dead. It still displayed " an obstinate " vitality," hut thanks to " tho attacks " made on it front tinio to tinio by that " pre-ominont champion of truth, "Mr. Max Hirsch," lie was enabled to sit at tho tablo and enjoy his victuals in tho hope of bettor things to report next timo tho banqueters mot. Whether tho coining of tho Millennium will ho hastened by tho spooches that thoy gut on thoso occasions is a consideration that apparently docs not occur to them, though it possibly may to outsiders. Whon a freo-trado orator rises on his legs to convince us that our moral and physical distempers will disappear from the face of the earth if wo will only swallow his favorite nostrum, wo arc toniptcd to put him in tho same category with Iloraca Walpole's quack, who offered tho Londoners a pill that would protect them against all tho conso- quoncos of an oavthquake ; ami this is what Mr. Murray Smith really offered his guests. If we nccept the usual gro tesque misrepresentations of tho protec tionists' position, thero was not a single fact or argument brought forward by him that lias not been ex plained and refuted till tho dullest free trader must bb sick of listening to it. Ono of thostock fallacies, namely, that protection docs not and never can voduco prices, was so recontly exposed in the dohato in the Assomhly on Nails and Lager Beer that Mr. Smith could only have ventured to dish it up afresh for his company hecauso he knew exactly what tho stomach of a free trader would stand. It was shown on that occasion that though tho duty on nails is 7s. por cwfc. in Melbourno and only 10 per cent, in Sydney, yet nevertheless the price of Victorian n« ils is lower than that ruling in any other colony. Not only that, hut Mr. Albert Harris declared, from an experience of 40 years in the retail trade; that tho prosent low price of nails in Victoria can be distinctly traced to the imposition of tho high duty. Tito present high rate was imposed in 1892, and since that time the price has fallen from 18s. Gd. to 11s. 6d. in sotno lines. The circumstance that thoro wero five nail factories in Victoria would he a suflieiont explanation for anybody else but Mr. Murray Smith. What lias hap pened in tho case of nails is also true of lager beer. Previous to 1889 there was no duty on it, and the public had to pay 9s. a gallon for imported beer of an inferior quality. A duty was then imposed — 9d. per gallon — which was subsequently, in 1892, increased to Is. a gallon in bulk, and Is. 6d. in bottle. The colonial article is now sold at 6s. por gallon, and is admitted to bo of as good a quality as the German. Not withstanding theso facts, Mr. Smith can not he persuaded hut that all the indus tries and commerce of -tho country are in a bad way, and that all the shipping will leavo Melbourne for Sydney as soon as ever Mr. Reid shall have wrought the magical transformation which is to make it tho freest and most prosperous port in the British dominions. Before lie can accomplish this, however, he has to get rid of protection, which stands in the way ; and if we are to credit what our Sydney correspondent writes in another column, this will not be by any means so easy a task as his Victorian admirers seem to think. We know that the sugar growors in tiie Richmond and the Clarence districts have forced him to retain the import duty on that article for their benefit, and it looks a3 if the farmers will extort from him a similar concession in favor of wheat. But even supposing that lie carries his tariff, it yet remains to bo seen to what extent it will affect Mel bourne prejudicially. At the first out- start it must create a demand for Victorian manufactures in N«w South Wales, which falls lamentably short in providing for iter own wants out of hor own industries. So far as tho decay of our own trado may bo augured from its present condition, we have littlo or nothing to foar from the threatened supremacy of Sydnoy. During the month of August alone 15 vessels, having a gross registered tonnage of 28,645 tons, have discharged on the north hank -wharves 26,000 tons of cargo, and 6 other large steamers liavo applied for berthage, while there are a number of sailing vessels due to arrive at an early date. These and other kindred facts which may ho found from time to time in our commercial columns do not lend any color to the apprehensions which haunt the free-trader's brains iike Banquo's ghosts, even at tiie banquet ing tabic. But we will he charitable enough to believe that the brains on this occasion had yielded to tho temptation that wrecked Iago's friend, for it is only some Buck misadventure that could havo led the Chairman of a meeting which con tained the choicest wits of the freo- trado party— who had been specially invited to devise means for "removing the chains " which fettered Victoria " — to sigh aloud for " tho Spoar of Ithuriel, at a touch of " which thoso chains would fall away." It is evident that tho author of Paradise Lost is not. a favorite with Mr. Murrav Smith, "possibly because lie is too much engrossed with the prospect of the Free- trade I'ara- dise which is about to he regained in Sydney. Tho only use that wo can imagine the Spear of Ithuriel being put to in the fiscal controversy would ho to dis cover whether a Vietorian free-trader really believes in his heart all that he says about the " Eternal Principles " ; or, in other words, whether it >vould not show him to be very much moro of a protection ist than ho likes to own, just as it trans- formed Satan, "squat like a toad at the " Ear of Eve," into his truo charactor. Tiie Austrian Press is not unnaturally excited by tho news that the Czar lias presented the llospodar nf Montenegro with 30,000 rillcs, 15,000,000 cartridges and a number of Maxiiu guns. Such an armament involves the complete equipment of all the able bodied males of Montenegro, and unmistakably points to tho possibility of war iu the Balkan Peninsula at no distant date. Montenegro, or Kara Dagh, tho " Black Mountain," occupies a position in Europe altogether out of pro portion to the extent of its territory or its population or means. The country is insignificant in extent, the whole popula tion less than that of a good sized town, and its people are as backward in civilisa tion as any in Europe. But the area is a natural fortress. It is mountainous, and I almost dostitulo of roads suitable for tho military opurnlions of an invador. The population is, moroovor, warlike iu its clmraclor, and can occupy tho utt cutiou of an army of observation on either the Turkish or Austrian 'border, or both, mid can consequently play an important part in any wnr in which Russia may ho engaged in tho Balkans. Tho pooplo aro Slavs of tho Servian branch of tho raco, almost uniformly of tho Crook faith, and inspired by mi ititenso hatred, religious and racial, of tho Turks. It is not surprising, therefore, that whenevor Russia lias boon engaged in war with Turkoy, Montonogrn has boon tho loyal ally of tho Czar. Evon during the period of Turkish domination in llio Balkans tho Montenegrins maintained something liko practical independence, and never fuilod to bIiow their antagonism to tho Mahometan Powor. So far hack as 1710 tho Russian Government subsidised the Montenegrins, and has over sinco mniiitainod relations moro or less cordial with tiie Mountain Stato. Formerly, littlo Montonogro, jammed in botweon Scrvia, Herzegovina and Albania, and cut off from tho sea by a narrow strip of Austrian Dalinatia, could only bo a thorn in tho side of Turkoy in her wars with Russia, liy tho Treaty of Berlin, however, tho town and district of Anlivari woro annexed to Montonogro, and access .was thus given hor to tlio Adriatic. Subsequently, in 1880, tho port of Diilcigno wor surrendered by Turkoy. Theso arrangements gave Montene gro n coast lino of about 28 miles, and wore no doubt justified on the merits, inasmuch na it is manifestly unfair to leavo a sovereign Stato without an opening to tho sea. But in acceding to theso changes the Powers had in mind tho peculiar relations between Russia and Montenegro, nnd, having no inlontion of lotting Russia acquire a naval port on tho Adriatic under cover of Montenegrin necessities, prohibited Montonogro from maintaining any armod vessel. Tho Russian Government lias been smart enough, however, to supply Monte negro, in peace timo, and through one of the two ports alluded to, with sufficient munitions of war to last through a campaign. It is hardly uccessary to explain that tho position of Montonogro lias changed sinco the last Rnssn- Turkisli war was entered upon. Prior to that period sho could only torniant Turkey, hut since Austria has tnkan over tho administration of Bosnia and Herzegovina Montenegro may ho the same troublo to her as formerly she was to tlio Turks. An attempt to create a friendly feeling between tho principality and Austria was made in 1881, when a Monte negrin loan of 1,000,000 florins was raised ill Vienna; hut that was not much ns com pared with the Czar's annual subsidy to tlio Prince and tiie loan of £70,000 for tlio purchase of grain in one bad season, with Hid understanding, no doubt, that the debt was to he liquidated by sorvices rather than by casii. Objection to the subsidisation of Montenegro as a Russian outpost cannot fairly ho taken by Great Britain, which doos pretty much tho same tiling in respect to Afghanistan and other native States within the area of British influonce. The question, howovor, is a serious ono for Austria, whoso iniorests would he directly assailed by a Bussian advance in the Balkans. If, as is snpposod in Vienna and Buda-Pestli, the Russians mcditatea Balkan campaign in thonorthcrn sffriug, the position would ho embarrassing to Lord Salisbury, who is now threatening Turkoy by n naval demonstration on behalf of Armeninn reform, in combination with Russia and France. Is it not equally competent for Russia to inako a military demonstration iu favor of tho Macedonians, crushing Bulgaria by the way? If England is a party to tiiis proceeding, she will give up her supposed interests in the settlement of the Eastern question, and abandon that Austrian nllinnco which has always been so dear to the Conservative party. Then, how far would the co-members of tho Triplo Alliance bo hound to side with Austria in a war provoked by an attack upon the prospective rather than the exist- ing rights of Austria ? European politics are evidently very much mixed up just now, and tlio probability is that Russia is feeling licr way as to what tho other Powers would do in tho event of her making another move in tlio direction of Constanti nople a few months Iionce. 