CORRESPONDENCE. THE BALLOT QUESTION. TO THE EDITOR. SIR,-I see by the reports of the different collieries that have voted that tihe strikers will have a large majority. But it will be the greatest act of in justice that has over been perpetrated in this district, and it shows very clearly that unionism has run mad when they have allowed all the un employed of the district to vote on this all-important subject. For instance, 'we hear that Minmi has cast a unani mous vote to strike. Now, out of the whole of the men that voted there not one of them is in work, and what is worse still, few of them have any work to go to. What is called the old tunnel is shut down for the remainder of the year, and there were over 200 em ployed in that mine. They had no right to vote for a general strike. But this is not all. Many of the wheelers and topmen got the privilege for the first time to swell the vote. They never recognised any union until they were thrown out of employment, and then they were converted. This does not only apply to the old tunnel men, but all through the dis trict this same farce is going on, the unemployed voting for a strike. The aim they have in view is to try and get all out, and they will be no sooner out than the scramble to get in again will begin, and they hope to be in luck's way; and if not, they can be no worse than they are at present. They must be stupid indeed who do not see their little game. To those who are at work I would say, in all sincerity-Consider well your position; think of the misery that surrounds you on every hand; many instances could be given where families are bordering on starvation. Now, are you ready for a general strike with the ghost of a chance to win? No, you are not. It will only bring defeat and disaster in its train. Do not, by any hasty act on your part, drive the trade away from the port. It is not over prosperous at present, but to strike now will be ruinous to it for years to come. We hear men saying, " What do we care for the trade of the port, we can go and follow the trade." These men are very selfish who raise this cry, and also very dangerous to the best interests of the working class. Where one family can rise and follow the trade, a hundred would have to remain and face the difficulties. Great caution is required at times like those. The mistakes of the past should act as a guide for the future. Organise, organise, let that be the rallying cry, and when you have your forces equipped and drilled, and plenty of ammunition in your war chest, that's the time to demand your rights. No use of marching out to meet the enemy unless you are prepared for the fight, and it's an evident fact that you are not prepared now. Trusting that better counsels than a strike at present will be given, and also acted upon by those who have work.-I am, c.FREE LANCE. FREE LANCE. 