FAILURES WHICH LED TO BIG SUCCESSES. The world is full of people who have transformed crushing calamities into ' stepping stones to higher things.' Misfortunes have proved for many turning- points on the road to fortune. Some remarkable in stances of this have occurred in very recent times. Take the case of Mr. Cecil Rhodes. The crowning fortune of his life was when he sailed for the Cape, after the doctor had given him barely three months to live. Many men would have succumbed, given up the ghost. Not so Mr. Rhodes. He resolutely determined to live, and to fight his way in the world. His history is very instructive. Son of a poor clergyman with a big family and a small living — a characteristic clerical combination — the future Warren Hastings of Africa was not a brilliant success in England. Keen competition reduced him to £2 per week. Then his health failed, and he fled to Africa as a forlorn hope. There he not only restored his health, but also made a name and a fortune after much hard work and many exciting struggles. This younger son who started with pluck and shattered health as his stock-in-trade, now looms large as the most powerful, influential Eng lishman in South Africa, where brainy and plucky Britons abound. Mr Rhodes does not claim to be a brilliant writer, an eloquent orator, or a fas cinating conversationalist. But he knows how to think, and has a restless energy which translates his thoughts into deeds. At an age when most men are laboriously sowing their wild oats, he has endowed his mother country with a new empire, fought his little war, built railways, towns, and telegraphs through trackless wastes, and opened up unlimited possibilities to the hardy pioneers who have fol lowed his fortunes in this Land of Promise. With good health and £200 a year, might he not have developed into a tennis-playing, cigarette smok ing, barmaid-worshipping member of society ? Then there is Mr. Mackay another favorite of misfortune. Had he pos sessed a comfortable competency, he would have missed a fortune so vast that he could scarcely tell you off hand its exact figure. Happily, he found himself a penniless youth in poor old Ireland, and was compelled to emigrate. It is believed that he worked his passage over to New York about the time the gold fever was raging in California. From New York he promptly made his way to the Laud of Gold. Once on the spot he traded, bartered, speculated, and mined with unceasing pluck and varying success, until he and his partners struck the famous Bonanza mines. They scooped out silver by the ton, and report says that this group of mines yielded £40,000,000 in a very few years. Mr. Mackay literally snatched his millions from the jaws of misfortune and hardship. During the process he roughed it under all conditions, standing his ground amongst the most formidable of cut throats and deperadoes that ever col lected in one district. A six-shooter was then an indispensable adjunct to a man's outfit. Bulldog pluck was as necessary as mental acumen in that wild struggle for wealth. The promotion of the first Atlantic cable was greatly facilitated by a mis fortune. Gisborne, the real originator of the scheme, was in New York seeking capital to start it. He was on the verge of despair ; people jeered at him as a visionary. One night his hotel was burnt down, and he con trived to escape to another. There he chanced to meet Cyrus Field, and inventor-like, began to expiate on his grand scheme to that financier. But the latter did not believe in it, and asserted that there was no money in it. Undaudted, Gisborne attacked Field with his burning eloquence on every possible occasion, until the latter was 'fairly conquered. 'I will see it through,' said he at last. And he did. The Atlantic cable was thus temporarily saved by a misfortune. Another brilliant career commenced under a cloud is that of Count de Witte. Of all Russian statesman be is the one in whom the new czar has hitherto shown most confidence. M. de Witte, who is an Odessa man by birth and breeding, was created a count only a year ago. About 1880 he was an obscure village station-master, and it was an act of disobedience, which led to temporary disaster, that first atrac tedthe attention of M. Wychnegradski, who was then president of the railway by which De Witte was employed. When Mr. Wynchnegradski became Minister of Finance, he brought the young stationmaster to St. Petersburg and rapidly promoted him from post to post, until three year ago the dis graced railway official was appointed Minister of Finance. M. de Witte, although only forty-five, is regarded as the coming man in Russia, and has even been mentioned as the probable Chancellor of the Empire, in succes sion to the late M. de Giers. This would be a most democratic departure for the most autocratic nation in the world. The old story of the phcenix rising triumphant from its ashes has never better exemplified than by the career of Mr. 'Whiteley, the presiding genius of the immense establishment that bears his name. Most people know how he started his business on a small capital in a tiny shop ; how, little by little, by sheer pluck and hard work, he added window to window, shop to shop, until his house threatened to monopolize the street. Then came a catastrophe — his place was burnt down ! Did Mr. Whiteley lose heart ? Certainly not. With indomitable will he proceeded to rebuild his premises on a more extensive scale than ever. Then, when everything was again working smoothly, a second mysterious catastrophe overtook him. His estab nient was again destroyed by fire. Fate seemed to have marked him as a victim,' and the people thought he would retire from the struggle. But they did not know him. He im mediately began to rebuild, and his vast concern now prevades one entire district. ? Solicitor : ' I admit my client called the plaintiff an ox, but, considering the high price. of beef at present, I think it more a compliment than an insult.' 