CRICKET. THE ENGLISH ELEVEN. CLUB BUSINESS. HEAVY SCORING 11 Whit a falling off vu thirel" Two tnttchea ago tiie'Engliabmoa'i batting aver age in all eleven a aldo matebea vu 35.21 for, 28.02agninat; naw it ia 28.13 and 27.79. Anatolia on tbe other band shows n marked Improvement, thus : 30.20 for and 22,80 against than, 30.57 and 21.43 now. Stoddark and his oomptnioQB have thus loit about even rnnfl per man in the batting, while gain ing leas than one ran in the bowling. Tbe Anatolians for their part, hava maintained their high batting average of 30 ran tor every wfekat lost in tbe teat matches, while Improving their bowling average by no fewer than 11 rnni par wicket. These changes have boon brought about entirely by the last two test matcboe. In view of these facta and figures, one is prompted to Inquire bow oar men came to be thrashed in tbe first two gamaa. We are not going to revive ancient history, exoept jnat 80 br aa to remark that tbo bit of luakwhioh the Australians enjoyed on this oooasicn was a fair eet off against tho fortunate chanoe that gavo our visitors their firtfe win. Somoone with English tendencies said on : Monday morning, "What a pity tbe gama ' san'l be fonght out nnder perfectly even oooditlons." " No fear," answered an Ana tolian, " we want to win thia game by ' hook, crook, look, or any other helpful agency. Give us a fair fiald and no favor for the final, bat we mnat win this time, and if thelnek help nf. It is surely our torn for a taste of fortune'! favors." Sot when it is admitted that the Aus tralians had the look, sotntkbing farther is required to account for theabsolnte discomfi ture of tho visitors. . Had Stoddart gon in to bat Instead ot taking tho field, wonld the Englishmen have scored 284 aa onr felloWB did? We doubt It seriously, except, indeed, Mir fisldaaen bad missed thorn as they missed oa. Tbe wicket upon which tho Australians eperated was no treat, otherwise the English captain wonld not have made over the first mo ot le to them. It was a six for 60 wicket without a doubt. Thero was nothing wonderful in tho collapse of Anatolia's first half-dozen bats. The wondsr of thooocasion Uy in Graham's, Trott's, Darling's, and Turner's batting. How greatly this and other things seem to hang upon chance? Graham got into the team by tbe akin ot his teeth, aad made his eantory. But tbe chance began earlier than wham the selector met to pick the eleven. Bad Moeee not mlseed tbe Vic torian ode in tbe interodontal, that beantlfnl Innings of 01 would havobeen nipped In tho bod, and Graham couldn't have had ths ghost of . a show of gotting into the interna tional eleven- His cotury innings was a grand one, bat there was rather much risk in it. Graham wants to take a leaf oat of Hur- .doch'a old book. When the accomplished Now South Welshman reached his hundred, he settled down to get a second. Many batsmen, Graham amoog them, seem to regard the appearance of three figures aa a special lioenoe to slog. Ordinarily we wouldn't grumble at their doing this, bnt when it is Australia v England we want every ran, evan up to six or seven-handred, if you like. Bemombor, please, that a total of 6SQ was not largo enough to win na that first tost match. And yon never can toll how many Stoddari's people aro good for, although, by tbe way, thoy soem rather " off color" just now. Nelibsr in batting nor bowling aro they np to early form, while the jlding, and eepooUUy the catching, shows a marked foiling off. There la time for lots of things to happen before the last big match, but lrom present appearances Anatolia's ohanco is certainly the more promising. Oar boys are fielding wonderfully ; their batting is sound from one and of the team to the other, and tbe bowlera are meeting with oonspicnoua sucoecs. The Britisher play combined Queensland and New South Wales next week. This should provide a tough contact, and will give as one more oppor tunity of gauging onr chanoe for tbe great finish in Melbourne. A. E. Trott's batting against tho English man all throagh has been almost pheno menal, but bis last groat offort quite eclipsed even his fiae performance in Adelaide, To get 80 not oat on such a wiokct, in inch superb style, and without a chance, is a per formance quite beyond criticism. Ouemors word, and we will loava the test match. Does it strike yon as most faignUr that a bowler who got eight for 43 In tho lest blggatnedid not send down a dngle boll In this one P . The Oarlton follows, smarting under their defeat by Richmond, aro apparently Jbcnt upon taking it ont of 8t, Kilda. Time was when the turf on tbe dusty triangle had reputation for slowness, but of lata year there havo boen some ehoioo batting wickets there. And naturally the local batsman show a marked partiality for their own pitch. That promising young performer Wane, got fairly away on Saturday, and played in such a way as te folly confirm the high opinions entertained concerning his powers with the Willow. This heavy eooring will neoeeeitate careful consideration by tbe selection com mittee. His claims npon intercolonial distinction of - the first order am getting formidable. All Carlton tntris folly at home. He played a fine inning on Saturday. The Sainta have got their work before them. Bennett la making a polite bat forcible re quest for Inclusion in Carlton first eleven. See his 120, not out, against St. KUda eeoud. - The Essondob>RIchmond fixture Is at an interesting stage, although slightly favorable to tho latter should fine weathsr oontinne. Brown,' A. Christian, Murphy and one or two oaken, showed some nioe hatting for Bieeudon, while Howes has laid a good square foundation whereon to build to morrow afternoon. Quite n pretty crowd gathered at Richmond to see this match. It is wdnderfnl what local interest a few en thusiastic exeeative offioere can work up. In the South and Eats game Home took oeeaelou to indieate that hi permanent pro motion to first eleven honors waa quite the comet thing. His ioniags was worth a oentnry, and It It a pity he didn't got one. Tbere is vary littlo fun fn a oue-dey match. Ckicks ten, not excepting bowlera, dearly like a hit. Pleasant as fielding is, It was always, regarded as the drudgery of the . gpme from sohooldaye forward. Nearly all ehanoe ot a etrik goee wrong with tbe toes onaueha day at Saturday. Club manlwill be kaartUy glad, then, to settle dowo jr continuous oohteets again. /; The one drawback to international and intercolonial cricket is that it u poete "domes- tio arrangements" — a dismpation la cricket, m to ipeak, exhilarating and healthful when moderately indulged, but too upsetting if overdone. From an "onlooker sod star, player' print of view ws era getting a first- rate eetson, bat for the rank aod file of active cricketer, the fan (a scattered and patchy. The Hawthorn 'people are beginning to shape aa U< was. expected they would whto the season opened. M'Gnigaa batted very enoeesafnlly when tbe elub ranked as junior. His sjyle of play answer equally weU agatot ante bowling. - The Hawthorn eoor look beshtitany eutielantial with five men be; teegi 10 irnfj 40. ' Melbourne feUowa e»a bat, but the 293 set them by Hawthorn will take some making. In addition to the high soores already men tioned wo note the following:— 0. HU1, 118 not ont for North Adelaide v. Hindmarsh ; Jennings, 12fi not out for Melbourno . Hawthorn (teoondi). New South Wales and Queensland begin their matoh to- morrow. The Sydnoy peoplo are making up a strong team : — Turner, Gregory, Donuan, Iredalo, Callaway, M'Kibbeu, Howell, S. Jones, M'Kenzio, Trumpsr and Farquahson. AUSTRALIA'S POSITION-TEST MATCHES. Matches. Total Runs, wlckou. Average, Won I Loat For | Aftit Takenl Lost For lAgst. 2 2 2141 ) 1716 80 1 70 20.57 1 21.43 