THE MENACING EYE. A Short Detective Story. CHAPTER III. THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN A PROFESSIONAL AND AN AMATEUR. There was knocking at my door, and the voice of Mr Hamilton quivered with fear as he asked what had happened. I opened the door and let him in. He was followed by three or four servants, including the butler, who looked very frightened. He stared at Mr Hamilton and then me in a manner indicating serious perplexity. I heard him whisper to one of the female servants to ask how it happened that I was in Mr Hamilton's room. While making my previous investigations, I had been hastily putting on my clothes, so that when I admitted the master of the house and his servants, I was almost completely attired. Mr Hamilton thought I had not been to bed. He asked in boundless surprise if the eye had appeared in the light. " No " I replied, " they put the gas out first. That's easy enough. They could easily get at the pipe." " What did you fire at ?" he gasped. " At the eye" was my response, " and I'll bet my bullet went right through the middle of it." Hamilton shuddered. " I hope that Mrs Hamilton was not seriously alarmed," I said. " She was badly frightened," he said. " I have succeeded in calming her somewhat. I ran into her room instantly upon hearing the shot. " It seems that she had not been asleep. In fact, she sleeps rarely ; that is one of the worst features of her malady. " Tonight the storm kept her awake, of course. She fancied that she heard voices, and all sorts of alarming noises - or so the nurse says." " In the dressing-room ?" I asked, with a smile. He looked at me anxiously. " Do you imagine - ?" he began. " 'm practically sure of it," said I. " The secret entrance to this room is from that direction. It is not through the door, nor through the bare wall. There's the spot." I pointed to a tall book-case with glass doors, curiously fashioned after the manner of the old windows. It stood against the wall. I had viewed that bookcase with suspicion the first time I had seen it, but my preliminary investigations had revealed nothing. I went up to it and turned the key in the unusually heavy lcck. Then I threw open the doors. They were very strong, with metal frame- work for the glass. The inner side of the doors was covered with a black woven fabric somewhat like velvet. For any person to come through those doors from the other side while they were locked was simply impossible. " Do you know of any secret entrance to this room by means of this book-case ?" He shook his head. " There is none," he said. " Then, Mr Hamilton," said I, dropping into a chair. "I know exactly what to do to get an the bottom of this whole mystery." " What's that ?" he said. "Send this," said I, handing him a piece of paper on which I had written these words: " Come down here, at any sacrifice. It will be worth your while." The message was addressed to Nick Carter. I sent it off as soon as the telegraph office was open the next morning, and Nick came down early the afternoon. He heard Mr Hamilton's story and mine with a very grave face. " This is certainly marvellous," he said, "and I believe that it contains a real warning. I can say, with the greatest confidence, that these manifestations indicate hat you, Mr Hamilton, with your wife and servants, should leave this house." " Do you believe," asked Hamilton, with a ghastly face, "that this is my dead father's desire." " If supereatural beings" said Nick, " are oognisant of earthly affairs, that is unquestionably his desire." Mr Hamilton bowed gravely, and with out another word went to give the necessary orders. " Well, upon my word," said Nick, when he was gone ; " that man is so thoroughly convinced of the supernatural nature of this occurrence that he didn't even ask me for a rational explanation ! Let's go up to the room." We went up. Nick spent ahout a minute in looking the place over. " Get in through the book-case, I see," he said. " Won't do, Nick," said I. " The doors were locked and they squeak when they are opened, and there isn't a panel in the side of the thing anywhere." " There's one in the back," said Nick. " I can see it from here." He had the doors open, and was looking into the book-case. "I suspected that," said I, "but I couldn't find i:." " I'll show it to you by and by," said he, " there's another clue in the bottom." " In the bottom - " I began, wondering. " Don't you see," said he. "somebody went down through the bottom into that big drawer. The drawer isn't Iocked, the man inside of it could shove it open, and then he could step right out of it into the room." He showed me how it was done. The drawer worked noiselessly. " But the eye - how was that managed ?" I asked. He held one of the doors of the book-case open, and examined the black curtain which covered it on the inside. Finally he drew it aside in one place in a pecullar manner. A lenticular glass was thus bared. It was round, and about as big as a saucer. The curtain was so arranged that it could be opened exactly at that spot, leaving all the rest of the glass covered. " Look through that " he said, directing my eye to the rcund glass. I saw a greatly magnified image of part of the wall of the room. In short, that round piece of glass sat into the frame of the door was a lens. Nick got on the other side of it. I saw for an instant his face was magnified and distorted, and then, as he got in focus. only his eyes were visible, and it looked more or less like the eye that I had seen during the night, but without ghostly illumination. "That," he said in answer to my question is how it was done. Light was produced by a small reflector and thrown exactly into the eye of a person standing behind this door. " In other words, somebody, by means of the panel, got into this book- case, which is empty, as you see. He then threw light into your eye, through a crack, so as to dazzle you and also get a little light on you, so he could tell when you were going to shoot. " That light didn't help you any. Then he touched off his electric light inside the reflector, and put his eye in the focus of the lens. You saw the eye through the glass. " The black curtain prevented you seeing anything else, for no light could come out. The eye appeared to stand alone, and it was enormous!y magnified and distorted, but the electric light brought out the color - mind that. ' " But, hold on. Nick," said I ; " this won't do at all. The eye wasn't here. It was over at the end of the room. For instance, from my bed, I looked south to this book-case, but the eye was due west of me - right over the foot of the bed. It was just between those windows. " Do you suppose that I shot at this thing and hit it from way over there, at right angles with the direction of the thing, I shot at !" Nick laughed. " No," he said; " we strike now a new thing in ghosts. Didn't it ccour to you as strange that you never could find anything in this room after it got dark, that you fell out of bed on one side, and got up on the other, that you looked for the table, and for the chair with your waistcoat on it, and couldn't find them ? " Why, my boy, they played a beautiful trick on you. Just as soon as you got into bed, and the lights were out, some body sneaked into your room and turned your bed around. ' Look at those castors !" Well. they were the finest things I ever saw. They were little pneumatic wheels, and the bed rolled on them without a shiver or a sound. " When you got into bed," Nick continued, " you looked out over the foot of it toward that wall where the windows are. When they twisted you around, you looked at the bookcase. "The irstant they saw that you were ready to fire, they put the light cut, and the man under your bed wheeled it around. No wonder you couldn't hit anythlng. The bed was moving. " Before you could find your matches, the man who turned the bed crawled out again, and once you fell over him. It didn't take him long to get out of the room by means of this drawer and panel. " The first time you jumped out of bed it was moving. That's one reason why you fell down. When you started up, you were under the bed, and you banged your head on one of the heavy mahogany sides. Then your visitor rolled the bed over you, and you got up on the other side.' Nick paused a minute to listen. " Ah," he said, " they're taking away Mrs Hamilton." " It was true. We heard them carry her through the hall." " Come," said Nick, and he stepped in side the book-case. I followed, and we stood there listening. He had closed the doors behind us. Presently I heard a step in the dressing room. Someone was listening at our door. I heard a bolt slide on the other side of it. Then the footsteps retreated. Next minute there was a light in the darkness. Nick had opened the panel. We passed through into the dressing room and crept toward the door of Mrs Hamilton's apartment. I looked through and saw the English butler leaning over Mrs Hamilton's bed. He ripped the sacking open ard pulled out of it a hundred thousand in notes, and eight thousand sand in gold - the missing money from the Hamilton estate. There wasn't any need to count it. We both knew what it was. Nick had the butler in his grip in a twinkling. There was a little struggle, in the course of which, to my momentary horror, Nick pulled off the butler's hair and his side wkhiskrs. He looked very different. Without explaining to me or apologising to the butler, Nick led him rapidly through the hail. At the end of it, we encountered Mr Hamilton. He stared in wonder, and very nearly fell down the stairs behind him. " Frank ! " he exclaimed. " So I supposed," said Nick. " Your brother, I believe, Mr Hamilton. Disinherited by your father's will. I believe." " It is so," replied Hamilton. " My father did not be!ieve that he was to be trusted with the management of any large sum of money, and so he put my brother's there in my care." " My share !" exclaimed the prisoner. " What did it amount to anyway ? Nothing." " Oh, I might as well tell the whole story now. I heard the will read, then I got hold of a key to my father's drawer in the safe, and secured that memorandum. " It is said that the money was hidden in his bed - just what might be expected of a man like my father. I resolved to have it, but your wife lay sick in that bed, and the chances were; according to the doctor's story, that she would lie there for two years. " She never slept soundly enough to permit anybody touching the bed. Perhaps I might have dragged her, but I was too decent for that. So I tried to scare you out of the house. Then I was in a little too much of a hurry for the money, that's all, and this man caught me." " I suppose this can all be amicably settled without the aid of the courts," said Nick. " I have explained the ghost to my friend, and I will explain it to you Mr Hamilton, at any time. Mrs Hamilton may now be brought back to her comfortable quarters. You must hire a new butler and two servants to replace the conspirators he brought with him, and after that you will not be disturbed by any more supernatural visitations." THE END . 