SUNDAY THOUGHTS. The talent of sucoess Is nothing more than doing what you can do well; and doing whatever you dc-without thought of fame. If it come at all, it will come because it is deserved, not because it is sought after. The great high road of'human welfare lies along the old pathway of steady well-doing ; and they who are the most persistent, and work in the truest spirit, will Invariably be the most successful; success treads on the heels of every right effort. Do not dare to think that a child of God can worthily work out his career or worthily serve God's other children unless he does both in the love and fear of God the Father. Ambition and charity will both grow mean unless they are both inspired and exalted by religion. Be not anxioun for the shadow of a great name, nor for the acquaintance of many, nor esteem thyself better than others, lest haply thou be accounted worse in the sight of God, who knoweth what is in man. Like alone acts upon like. Therefore do not amend by reasoning, but by example; approach feeling by feeling ; do nit hope to excite love except by love. Be what you wish others to become. Let yourself and not your words preach for you. It Is from the state of oar minds that con tentment arises, and not from the amount of our possessions. If we are not "qontent with such things as we have," we are not likely to be if we succeeded in attaining what we desire. In dark periods we acquire a special interest in the Word of God. Times of adversity bring out multitudes of precious promises, as night brings out the stars. A man's own conscience is his own tribunal; and he should care no more for that phantom, "opinion," than he should fear meeting a ghost if he cross the church yard at night. One great characterlatio of holiness Is never to.be esraoting, never to complain, for each complaint drags us down a degree in our upward course. On no account neglect the duty you owe o friendship, relatives, society; but re member each day to preserve some portion It it for yourself and God only. Never soorn anything that seems wanting in brillianoy, but remember to be really happy we must have more virtue than know ledge, more love than tedernerplh 