MINSTREL ENTERTAIN MENT. The heavy rain on Friday afternoon somewhat damped tbe ardour of the Magpie Minstrel Club, whose enter tainment in aid of the Kerang Me chanics' was fixed for that evening. It was fully expected that this show wonld have to be postponed, but to wards 8 o'clock it cleared up slightly, and it was decided to proceed. A very good attendance greeted the Magpies on this their first appearance before a Kerang audience. Over £11 was taken, and after deducting the usual incidental expenses a nice little sum was realized. From the reports that bad been circulated of tbe proficiency of the members, the lengthy and care ful rehearsals, and the talent engaged, people looked for something good and they were not disappointed. The various parts were well sustained, and the singing was excellent. The or chestra, including such performers as Messrs Toy, Harrower, Baker, Collins, Harridge and others, rendered some high class music in a style that would have done credit to the Theatre Royal or the Opera House. Unfor tunately, Mr. I. Stott and Son with violineello and violin, were pieveuted by tbe rain from atteuding. Their presence would have rendered the orchestra more comuiote and « One great mistake, we think, was made in making such free use of burnt cork. All the pieces rendered were English melodies, and although the blackening process may have had the effect of inspiring the young amateurs with more confidence in their parts, it could have been very well dispensed with in all but the two corner men (Messrs. Balding and Middleton), and tbs interlocutor (Mr. De Grnchy.) Mr O. P. Middleton was stage manager , the musical directors were Messrs, Toy and Collins, and Mr G. L. Har rower fulfilled the duties of pianist with credit. The programme was very well arranged as regards variety. There were no long tiring " waits," but each part followed promptly on the preceding and went off smoothly and without a hitch, giving evidence of careful re hearsal and preparation. The pro ceedings opened with an overture by the orchestra, " Caliph of Bagdad," which was exceedingly well executed. Then followed an opening chorus by the company. Mr 11. L- Appleford's fine voice was heard to advantage in " Bring Back My Fisher Boy" in the first part and " The Mighty Deep" in the second part. Mr A. E. Balding tickled the humor of the audience effectively with a comic song, " I caught it," and Mr E. Harber was well applauded for bis rendering of that ancient stock piece, " The Parson and the Clerk." Mr C. Avard sang " Our Boys" respectably, and Mr C. Wallace rendered correctly and vpith good voice " First in the Field," but the articula- tion of the latter might have been a trifle more distinct. Mr E. Jenkins gave the pretty little love soug, "Norine Maureen" with taste and feeling, and evidently felt what he sang, and had to respond to an encore. Mr Middle- ton's " Bald-headed Swell," elicited" much laughter. The comicalities of Messrs Middleton and Balding were appreciated-some local " gags7' catching the full strength of the company was engaged were very good. The second part of the programme consisted of a couple of farces, which were well staged and creditably acted. In the first, ff The Wonderful Telephone," Mr Rice acted the part of' Philander Gall, a travelling humbug, very well, and Mr Harber, as Custard, created roars of merriment. Mr Maxwell sang " The Dear Little hamrook" with excellent pathos"! and was well applaude. Mr. Qe Gruchy's stump speech or bur lesque Jeoi-qre on " Adulteration" was well, delivered, Sfld dtotohquqe the lance of satire into many local hum bugs. The concluding farce "The Ghost in tbe Pawnshop" was the piece of the evening. Mr 0. Avard (a well-known financial scribe) appro priately filled the bill as Old Per- Aantage. His get-up )vas excellent, azffi rcS'ectei mi prefeOB ills tqn- sorial qrtist for the occasion! ' Ireiand. as Toby, qcted his' part very well, and evinced considerable natural histrionic ability. The other parts- Mr M. Colman as Peter, and Mr R. Hqssey as "The Ghost," were satis factorily perfocuie, We understand Ihe'itext 'jieaiM of the Magpies will bktiat dnojiber ttridin|aiif varied propmme, ' N 