NOTES OF THE DAY. (BY "OUTIS.") Speaking to his constituents the other day Mr. Jacob Garrard boasted that he belonged to "a God-fearing Ministry." Why should a Ministry be afraid of the Deity as long as it Is acting on the square? We have never heard of it going out of the way to eject a Government from office; tho complaint of the exiles always is that their expulsion is due to the diabolical machinations of an unscrupulous and billet-hungry Opposition. And even Mr. Garrard will feel his position pretty safe as long as the Ministry has a two-to-one majority glued to Its back. The thing that a Ministry really fears is a count of noses when everything depends upon two or three doubtful supporters who have asked in vain to have their influential con stituents put upon the Bench, and whose roads and bridges are In a bad state of re pair. The time to see tribulation in the Ministerial rooms is when, on the eve of a division to be taken under these circumstances, the Government which comes in and reports that "Nothing can bo done with Blackslider, as they have promised to make him Postmaster-General in the Opposition Min istry," "that Turnturtle has been nobbled with the straight offer of a nomination to the Works Committee," and that "Mug wump will abstain from voting" because the Government did not go on with his railway. Then the Ministry puts on sack cloth and ashes, and remembers, when too late, that the fear of the cross-bencher is the beginning of political wisdom. You never see a Ministry turning very white about the gills through thinking of the Deity, but when a wavering supporter is met coming out of the Opposition room to vote in a doubtful division, the effect Is the same as if a ghost appeared. I don't know- that the present Government is any excep tion to this rule. Possibly, when they sit in Cabinet all their deliberations are about how to come safe out of the Valley of Jehoshapbat, but In public they show more anxiety about dishing tho pestilent Oppo sition and dodging the wrath of the Legis lative Council. We have shut up the tote shops, and upon the layer of small .doubles the ven geance of a righteous law has fallen with crushing effect. "Silver betting", has been, in fact, snutfed out as far as "the shops" are concerned, and only gentlemanly-look ing persons who can wager large amounts with big bookmakers "on the nod" are now allowed to back their fancy in this coun try at all. Also we have forbidden tho holding of consultation sweeps and even the Church bazaar Is denounced as a snare of the Evil One, who lurks in the tea cosies and biscuit-barrels, seeking whom he may devour. Yet at the present time the streets of Sydney are filled with men openly hawk ing tickets in what is called "the Eight- hour Art Union." This Is a gamble pure and simple, the temptation to invest being a large money prize, which people are im portuned to risk their last shillings in the l-einoto chance of winning. It goes on under the very eyes of authority, as it does every year, and no one dares 'to interfere. The reason is because the gamble is in aid of "the Eight-hour Demonstration," and even "a God-fearing Ministry" would rather risk breaking the Commandments than offending the labor elector. If a Church committee went forth from the bazaar Into the highways and by-ways ap pealing to the passersby to invest their money in a lottery, what an outcry there would be? But the name of labor when spelt with a capital L covers even a greater multitude of sins than charity, and what would he rank iniquity in the ordinary sweep-promoter is high social virtue in the Eight-hour committee. The "Democrats" of America seem to still stick to tho idea that freedom means "the right of every man to wallop his own nigger." It Is now proposed by the Demo cratic Convention of tho Southern States to disfranchise all the colored voters who cannot read, and with a view to securing the permanent political subjection of the race, the education of negroes is In future to be prohibited. That Congress would ever agree to such a law Is very improbable, but the fact of its being systematically advocated by tlio States most acutely af fected by the negro question shows that tho embers of the civil war are still smoul dering. To give tho emancipated negro a vote was a practical mistake in the be ginning. He would have been content with out it, and it has never been a source of anything but trouble to him. If ho at tempts to go to the poll in some places, It is at tho peril of his life, and as it does not matter a brass farthing to him who- gets elected, the privilege Is not worth risking anything for. Whether the Demo crats of the Republicans win, he Is still tile same oppressed hewer of wood and drawer of water, who must not claim equality with tho white citizen who lias a vote toi sell. His franchise, therefore, has never beer, much more than a mockery, and he would be Just as well without it. The attempt to deprive negroes of the right of educating their children, however. Is a piece of barbarism that brings shame upon the country from which such a proposal emanates. Tho whole thing -shows the danger of having "a colored line" dividing the citizenship of a nation, and In view of the new treats- with Japan, it gives an opportune object lesson to the people of these colonies. Tho delegates sent to the recent Munici pal Conference by the Berry Council have returned home, and reported that municipal conferences are not what tliey are cracked up to lie. They show a sad want, of ap preciation for the aldermnnle eloquence which charms the Shoalbavon ratepayer, and prefer the Iloshpots of harbor picnic resorts. The delegates complain that, they and others who had come with choice sam ples of drain and culvert oratory from the remote bush jvere not even given an op portunity of unpacking them. Everything was rushed through to enable t lie confer ence to get away to Its picnic so that many of the aldermen were prevented from speaking at all. That being so, tile crushed councillors of Berry adviso the municipality to spend no more money upon conferences, but to keep it for the local drains. The ad vice is good whatever may be said for the reasons on which it is based. If the con- fcrenco had listened t.o the orators from Berry till tliey were black in tlio face, the wasto of money involved in sending them there would have been 110 less, if not greater. A conference which had no more senso than to sit listening to speeches long enough to loso its picnic boat could not ho expected tf> do much good anyhow. Tho picnic Is the ralson d'etre of the whole affair, and If tho success of that was to lie jeopardised, then all would result I11 vanity and vexation of spirit. The municipal con ference has 110 power to do anything, noi ls there anything that it Is particularly supposed to do, beyond having a picnic and getting photographed. When tho rate payers get senso enough they will retrench it, but until then the delegates would lie simpletons If tliey abused the gifts which a municipal Providence puts iu their way by listening to speeches while the steamer was whistling for them to start for the fes tive scene. 