.... THB OYEELANB EXPRESS. I had -been reading all the way down from Denver to Pueblo, so was glad of tho chance to stretch my legs on the platform during the fifteen minutes' wait. It was quite, cold, and the ground was covered with snow, but the clear Colorado air was like old wine as a stimulant. As I reached the end of the platform and Btarted back I noticed a tall stranger, who seemed also to be taking a con stitutional, and who, from his appear ance, I took to be a wealthy mine or ranch owner. His fur- trimmed ulater, wide felt hat and serviceable kneo-boots pro claimed him a Western man, while the general air of prosperity and tho expensive material of which his clothes were made seemed to indicate his social position. Ho had ono pecu liarity which attracted my attention though I knew that ranchmen often endured the most excruci ating agonies in the attempt to wear boots three numbers too small for them — this was the diminutive size of his feet and the peculiar imprint which his boots left in the powdered snow. Tho light from the sleeping- car windows enabled me to distinguish them clearly, and eacli foot described a perfect arc from toe to heel, as if long years in the suddlo — the effort to keep tho toes turned in — had deformed them. I was merely impressed for the moment with this peculiarity of the stranger, and before wo had pulled out for the mountains had forgotten all about it. The gentleman in the next section to mine proved to be a sociable railroad man — master mechanic of one of the roads, as I presently learned — and we foil to talking on general topics, as travellers will, dropping into personalities after a while, until we got down to the subject of our respective families. Mr. Haymond lived in Loadville, and was going home for over Christ mas. I was surprised to hear what a comfortable house ho had, but my re collections of Leadvilio were conlined to its days as a mining camp long be fore it attained the dignity of a settled town. With truo Western hospitality my now friend urged mo to stop over and meet his family, offering as an extra inducement tho oppor tunity of hearing his eldest, daughter sing. It seemed that from a little tot her voice had always been remarkable, and, with what little training he could afford to give her in Denver, it had become something superb. The dearest wish of the giri's heart had been to study in Italy and fit herself for a musical . career, but with their resources such an idea was out of the question. Raymond had a good position, and they were all comfortable, but the family was a large one, and two in valid relatives looked to him as their only support. From family matters the talk drifted to business, to railroad life, and finally tho subject of recent train robberies. Raymond had been on one or two trains when they were held up by road agents, and gave me a clear idea of how easily a gang of desperate men could terrorise passengers, train men and express employees on a lonely section of the road. One favorite place for these attacks was tho lino of the Denver and Rio Grande, between Canyon City and Chaffee, where the track runs through the royal gorge of the Arkansas River, and after telling about the affair of the Salt Lake ex press there tho year before, Raymond mentioned Mohave Burke's attack on one of tho Santa Fe trains within a month. "This Burke," he said, "is a man one would never suspect of being a train-robber. He is a graduate of $n Eastern college, a fine-looking fellow, over six feet tall and always dresses well, but he lias the smallest and queerest feet I evor saw on a man of his size." " Why, what is there so queer about them ?" I asked, suddenly recollecting my stranger on the platform at Pueblo. " Well, an Apache's toes turn in the worst of any mon living as a rule, but Burke's are almost semicircular — well- shaped otherwise, but forming a rogu- lar bow on the outside ; yet they would scarcely attract attention unless one happened to see the soles or one of the footprints." "What, sort of a looking man? Dark beard, streaked with grey ? Broad shoulders ? Small hips ? Small, well-shaped hands 1" " Don't know about the beard, but his hair and moustache are like that, ar.d the rest of the description tallies to a dot. You muBt have seen him?" " The man I am describing is ou this train. Came down from Denver. I saw him on the platform ot Pueblo » " What ! . Are you sure ? Did you get a good iook at his feet 1" " Yes. I saw him get on to the car in front of this scarcely fifteen minutes ago." " Suppose we walk into that car and look around. If Mohave Burke is on tho train there will be the devil to pay before long !" In the smoking compartment just beyond our vestibule wo found my stranger chatting sociably with two other gentlemen, and looking so much like a respectable, ' law- abiding citizen that I dismissed the idea of his being a desperato character from ' my mind as an utter absurdity, and after smoking a cigar with him and the others, while we talked about mines and development syndicates, I bade them a pleasant good-night and went back with Ray mond, joking him on his mistake as we entered our own car. He took my chaffing good-naturedly, and suggested that we go into the stateroom at the rear of the train for a cocktail before turning in. While George — an old overland porter whom we knew. — was getting the materials out of his closet, Ray mond turned to me with a grave face .and. said-:....- - " You've had your laugh ; now let's get down to . business. That man is Burke without question ; I knew him at once in spite of his beard. He has a six- shooter in each inside pocket of his ulster, and the -man talking with him, who looks like a foreign diplomat, is a Mexican by the name of Bojodn, Being Christmas eve, there happens to bo very nearly 200,000dol. worth of cash and valu ables in the Wells -Fargo safe, and there are two Denver bank men on the train, goiug through to Salt Lake with, I presume, considerable money. Burke knows he will be shot ou sight if captured, and isn't likely to stop for argument if he meets with unexpected resistance." "You think his gang are some where along the road, waiting to hold us up ?" " I don't think anything about it — I am positive they are. Unless we can get help between here and Echo there will be a large amount of money lost even if the train isn't wrecked and someone killed." "Can't we get help at Canyon City ?" "Impossible ! It's but a small place, anyway. If Burke suspected any thing he'd hold a gun against the engineer's head and mako him pull out for the gorge. It would take half an hour at least to scrape together a dozen fighting men !" " Well, but, hang it all, are you going to let one bad citizen, or possibly two, intimidate a whole train full of ablo-bodied men ? What's the matter with going in there and arresting the man and his accomplice on suspicion ; that is if you are dead sure you are right?" " Humph ! Thero's nothing to hinder your trying, if you feel like it. You are heavily armed, of course. Peaceable travellers usually are. I suppose you are a dead shot, also ; take the corks out of six champagne bottles the length of the car inside of two seconds (sarcasti cally). Burko is likely, you know, to attempt a thing of this kind with only one accomplice ; why, man, there are probably half a dozen at least. Still, if you've a mind to malce tho attempt, I'll undertake to convoy last wishes to your family after tho unpleasantness. " Well, what do you suggest ? What can wo do 1" " Blamed if I know ! Looks to me as if Burke had the clinch !" Just then George brought the cock tails, leaving the door of his closet open behind him, and I noticed a tele phone set fitted up on a little shelf inside. "George, what do you use the 'phone for ? Are you running a buffet, with a connection to each of the other cars ?" " No, sah — no, Mist' Denning." They go'n try 'spor'ment tel'graf'n while we run'n 'long." "When?" " Well, they all fix'd yest'day, but op'erato' he done miss train. P'raps we pick him up at Gran' River'n the mo'nin'." " Then the wires are up ? You've got a copper roof on tho car ? " "Yes, sah. Kyah came oat o' shop las' week. Yo' c'n see the wiahs low down on theli poles wba' th' light shine on. 'em." " By Jove 1 — But it's no use — there's eight inches of snow on the roof, Raymond 1 " " And that would increase the re sistance too much for the induction ? But George says there's no operator on board, anyhow 1" " There is, though ! I'll guarantee to get a message into Canyon City if I can get a decent connection " " But that confounded snow " " Tlia's a set o' brak'ts outside vest'- bule, Mist' Raymon' 1" " The devil there is ? Here, Goorge, give mo the broom from your closet, quick ? Help me up — and don't you open your head about it to any one on the train. Mohave Burke's on board ! Understand ?" "But Raymond ! — Hold on 1 You'll be thrown off and killed 1" " Guess not ! I wasn't breaking three years on the ' U.P.' for nothing. You get hold of that key and keep calling Pueblo until you get him. Can yon City's no good — operator probably gone home' for the night. Engine 79's in the round-house — new engine. Toll sheriff to put twonty mon on her and pull tho throttle wide open. We'll delay the train if wo can and hang three rod lights on the rear platform. Tell him to put on his head light and put a dim red lantern inside the re flector before he comes up to us — don't let up a second on Pueblo — keep at him until you know that engine has left the yard 1 " On account of the snow we were not running over twenty-five miles an hour, and all this had taken place before we were much over half way to Canyon City, but tho chances scorned slim for getting assistance. The telephone receiver in George's closet was attached to a head frnme similar to those worn by Central Ex change operators, and instead of the usual forked switch for disconnection, there was a finely-adjusted, doublo contact telegraph key. As soon as Raymond was fairly on top of the cur I shut myself in the closes and began calling five dots — " " " " " " (" P " « P " " P ") at quarter- second intervals. For perhaps 10 minutes I failed to hear the slightest sound, and feared that the line had not been connected up after all. Finally I heard a faint rap on the diaphragm of the receiver, like the pop of a cork — far away. Not being sure that Pueblo's call was " P," I spelled the word out quickly, and could have shouted with satisfaction when the faint raps spelled out " O.K. — Who are you ?" — tho con nection growing firmer with each rap. "'Frisco- express — Mohave Burke on board — expect attack ia gorge — put Sheriff and twenty men on 79 — got up steam while you're telephoning him — extinguish headlight and show dim red lantern in reflector — we'll show three reds, rear platform — be lively — repeat — Henry W. Raymond. (I signed Raymond's name because I knew it would carry weight.) Like a flash the answer came back, word for word. Fifteen minutes later Pueblo said : "Steam is up on 70 to take superin tendent to Colorado Springs. He got his gun and goes with Sheriff'. There they go, on the jump." I began to breathe easier, I asked George to climb up and see how Ray mond wns getting on. When he re turned in a moment, his face fairly grey, and said that Raymond wasn't on the roof, all my strength left me. Thrown off and killed, or badly hurt, of course. Poor Raymond. What could I say to his family, wait ing so eagerly for him in Lead- ville ? I fairly groaned, and wished the cursed express safe in Tophet. While I was remembering each inci dent in our brief acquaintance the vestibule door opened and Raymond appeared, with a face altogether too red to support the ghost theory, He had made his way along the train to the engine, climbed down on the tender and nearly scared the engineer and firemen into a fit when he appeared between them in the cab. It had taken but a moment to explain the situation. Then they boosted him up to the roof again, and slowed down on account of a heated journal. That fireman was a genius. Ho managed to scoop all the waste and lubricating grease from one of tho axle boxes on the tender, and by|sprink- ling a little sand ou it caused the bear ing to heat up beautifully. Then ho put dry waste in the box and let it blaze. This, of course, made it neces sary to stop the train and cool it down — we lost twenty precious minutes by this triok. When we pulled into Canyon City all the water was out of the tank and it had to bo filled — the engineer had opened a valve and run every drop of it off on the track. Steam was down, too. But I and two other men walked carelessly up to the engine, annarentlv out of idle curiosity. as passengers often do, and asked the cause of the delay. Tho engineer kindly explained to them that it was always difficult to keep up steam iu a low temperature, &c.; Meanwhile, Raymond, George and I kept an eye towards the track behind us, and when at last the train started, wondered anxiously if anything had happened to our relief party. We figured that, running free, tho engine would make at least sixty miles an hour, notwithstand ing the slight up grade, and should cover the forty-five miles in as many minutes. Raymond sat smoking a cigar in tho rear state-room looking as unconcerned as possible,' while I stood out in the vestibule, straining my eyes through the darkness, but minute after minute passed and still no sign of 79. Suddenly we felt the air brakes almost throw the wheels from the track, and in a few seconds the train came to a stop. We knew the engineer must have seen some obstruction ahead which would have wrecked us if he had been less watchful. Tho pnssongers crowded out to see what the trouble was, but several shots, which broke the glass of the vestibule doors in their faces, sent them back into their sections in short order. Our three red lanterns had been hanging on the rear platform frame fiy: Beveral minutes, and just as two masked men with Winchesters ap peared we saw a tiny red spark rapidly approaching. Half a minute later a huge mass rumbled up, and a number of dusky figures sprang from it on to the snow-covered bank of the river at our left. Just then we heard the explosion of a dynamite cartridge up by tho express car. This was fol lowed by a rattling volley. Shouts of surprise and terror echoed through the wintry air. Then there u ero several more shouts, thou a mur mur of voices. By that time we thought it safe to mako our way through the train and see how things looked. When we reached the forward sleeper Superintendent Riley met us on the steps. Lying in the broken ice be low him were tho bodies of four men, ono of whom wo recognised as our tall stranger with tho queer feet. Five others wore being handcuffed by thbir captors, and the Sheriff said a few had escaped up tho track. It is needless to say that our share in tho affair was magnified out of nil proportion, considering that we acted entirely from force of cir cumstances. , There was, however, a pleasant surprise resulting from this uudesired notoriety — the State promptly paid over to my friond Raymond the oOOOdoI. reward for the i capture of Mohove Burke, and Wells, Fargo and Co.. acted very handsomely iu duplicating the amount on their own account. My share of the two rewards I in vested in Annie Raymond's musical education after hearing her sing next day, and I never had a speculation yield more satisfactory rosults. I have tho manager's box at the opera-house now whenever she appoars, and in variably accompany her homo after the performance, much to the dissatisfac tion of soverai estimable young men. 