"A LEGEND OF BOHEMIA. B MONA CAIRD, Author of "The "Wings of Azraol." "It Marriage a Failuro "Whom Nature Loadeth," &a;, Sic. All Riaim Reserved. 1 In the middle ages Bohemia was a wild land of mountains and forests, tvhoro no ono darod. to venture out of hie house or beyond the walls of his town without carrying arms. In iho hears of this romanuo country nestled the quiet old town of Eger, the scene of Wallenstein's rebellion and of liis treacherous murder. The Egerlaad is now a wide strotoh of fertile plain enoircled by a line of blue mountains, a little retired world, wkero, even to this day, the customs of ancestors dating far back into history continue to regulate the j liveB of the Bimple inhabitants, The houses of the peasant farmers are all . built on one immemorial pattern; their inmates wear the same style of garments, unvarying even to a button ; they sleep in gaily-painted four-post bedsteads, oarefully cur tained round ; and quaff vast pota tions of beer out of big tin or earthenware' flagons. /The Eger- landers stand apart from their neighbours as absolutely as if miles of Bea girded their little territory instead of a cirolet of hills. Onoe inside thiB line of enchantment, the traveller finds himself half con strained to take life on medinoval terms, so potent is the old-world atmosphere, so strange the charm of the quaint superstitions and child like worship of. the people. Worn out with the worry and toil of conduoting a largo business, I found myself, one sunny September, in the heart of this quaint little land, and I blessed, in an illogical fashion — pardonable in my ex hausted state — the railway which bad enabled me to take a dip into an age when eteam-engines were still undreamt of, I For soven happy weeks I was a Bohemian at heart, a devout Catholic, a worshipper of lean Baints. Many a day as I came to a little lonoly shrine by tho side of j bo mo path across the fields, I I have gone down on my knees, and worshipped — I knew not what — the sweet virgin in her blue robe edged with gold, holding the haloed infant in her arms. I came to love that raild-faced lady, and to wish that I could carry her home with me to pray to when the foreign mails came inland — but, alas ! my dolieate god. , (less grew pale at that thought, and 1 remembered that she belonged to the land of Yesterday, and would fade and die if she wore transported . to tbo glaring world that Fate had \ choBen for my dwelling-place. I i had ono favourite shrine, whioh i stood at the foot of a hill crowned I by a large church, whose strange | Byzantine-looking cupola of zinc or copper painted red could be seen for , miles across the plain. My shrinel was presided over by a bright blue virgin, whoso cerulean eyes had j beoa tinted with the samo ' paint that stained her robe, Blightly diluted. On the shrine j gruteful pilgrims had hung up numerous quaint thank-offerings, for j having been preserved from illness or accident. At tho feet of my Lady of Azure, when I approached on one j lovely aftornoon, knelt a maiden, with head bent in nrayor. I had the impulse togo up and kneel beside her. It is impossible to describe the sonse of happiness that I felt as I joined . m worBinp with this boautitui Jbone- ! xniun girl. It seemed to me that then, if never bofore or after, my prayer must be granted. My fellow , worshipper was the daughter of one of the wealthy peasant proprietors of the lDgerland ; her handsome oloth dress, with its heavy clasps of antique eilvor — heirlooms centuries old — aud the strange head gear of black stuff revealed her station. She was large of frame, with regular features, blaok oyes, and a fine carriage of the head. IIow I blessed the perseverance with which I had dovotod myself to the Slavonic languages ! It was not difficult to draw the girl into con versation. She was 'frauk and trustful, if a little shy, This ohild of tho Middle Ages fascinated mo as much as did her wild, spsll-bound little country. It seemed to me that au old dream of mine was realisod, and that I had boon permitted to step out of my own noisy century, and to meet and speak with the generations of tho past. | Our sbriue, my beautiful companion told me, had been raisod on thiB spot five centuries ago by an ancestor of her own, Baron Zwaptolik, ono of tho groat Bohemian nobles, in thanks giving for ths rescue of hie only daughter from the murderous assault of a robber ohioftain, whose power ful baud was at that time infosting the district. The girl was sitting, rosary, in hand, at the foot of the shrine ; I had. stretohod myself by the hedge- . side, in luxurious oase. The aun was . hot, the breeze soothing ; I sank into' p. strange lethargic state, as if my , body were asleep, while xny imagiua- 1 tion became abnormally vivid. My companion was relating to me tho 1 Btory that had boon handed down among the owners of tho soil from ' the troubled times the thirteenth and fourteenth' centuries ; but suoh .was not prooisely my impression. I seemed to be transported backwards, across the great plain of time, and gently landed in the midst of a romance of tho Middle Ages. The eoene had eoaroely ohanged ; it was still the beautiful' Egerland. Egsr lay at the end of a four-mile avenue . of stately poplars, with its castle and gabled houses in the distanoo; the ohurch stood fbove rae on the hill top, hut there was now only a rough track up to the village, and the , «hole country seamed, like a vast ioroat — it was, in faot, a part of tlio great Ileroynian forest — with a low forms and scattered, hamlots, and here and thero a ohurch. By sorao magio of plaoe and time, I had booome a spootator, though not an actor in tho drama, This power of knowing all, without tho ability to not, made mo feol at times as if I were suffering from a terrible night- maro, I do not think that I was able to raise my head or to open mv oyes— I seemed to bo under a spell similar to that whioh tho wicked Count in the story helu over the beautiful daughter of old Baron Swaptolik, whose vast castle used to stand, surrounded by dense forests scarcely a mile from the ahrine. Drahomira, dark of hair and swift of foot, with her brilliant brown eyes and rich complexion, was . one of the wealthiest heiresses in the kingdom, and her hand had been eagerly sought by the sona of the 1 neighbouring nobles, not only for her beauty, but for her riches. Among these aspirants was one who had long loved her with faithful devotion, in spite of the oold and scornful treatment whioh eithor coquetry or aversion appeared to in spire in her. The only consolation of the young Count Vladislav was the faot that Drahomira behaved to her other Buitors in exactly the same manner. She had no wish to leave the home where Bbe was idolised by her indulgent old father, who since her mother's death had lavished all Lin A'fPnnt.lonR nnnn (Itnin VUOIJ, UUiY child. " If I married, it would he all gain for ray lord and all loss for mo," she used to say with hor brilliant smile ; " I pray you, good knight, pay your court to some unhappy maiden, who, in becoming your wife, may reach something bettor tbao hor present state, since ehe oonnot aohieve a worse !" Vladislav would watch the self- willed lady moving among the bril liant company, gracious and smiliDg, yet ever reudy to hold at a distance the most persistent of aspirants. This firmness of oharnoter made her subsequent conduct appear all the more incomprehensible to me, an astounded ' snoctator panting to interfere and to set orooked things straight. The first hint of this change of demeanour oocurred about the time of a vory strange event which created a stir throughout all Bohemia. One of the daughters of a groat soignour bad, on the very eve of hor wedding, disappeared from her home, and though searoh had boon made far and wide, no trace of her oould be found. The expectant bridegroom bad also vanished. I heard tho people talking about this incident all around me, and my blood was chilled' with a presage of coming evil. " A jealous and disappointed Buitor must have carried her off," | said one. " An enemy of the bridegroom has takon them both away, and is keep ing them prisoners," another,, sug gested, and so on ran the surmises. I Drahomira, usually so bold and fear less, was white to the lips, and she started if anyone spoke suddenly to her. " Beloved and graoious lady," said Vladislav, " fear nothing. No evil shall befall you whilst I am by your side. Had I but the right to be always your protector, what unspeak able joy would be iniuo." At these words, to everybody's dismay, Dra homira swooned. When at last she opened her oyes, she turnod them instinctively towards the great window, and a look of terror came into them which startled everyone. I followed her gaze and saw — yes, I ain eortain that I saw, for less than a second, the face of a man with dark hair aud eyos, staring straight into the room. The next inHtaut tho face bad gone, and only the surging forest was to be seen from the deop-sot win dow. How I longed to be abe to relate . what I had witnessed, but I was tonguo-tied, moving among those knights and dames like a ghost, helpless and un noticed. Drahomira was as full oi lifo' as usual that evoning. To ms her gaiety seemed wild and feverish, but then I kuew what 110 ono else lenqw in that company. Vladislav looked gloomy. The Baron's daughter avoided him, and he thought that she mndo herself needlessly agreo- able to a jackanapes in a crimson doublet, who followed her every where. To Vladislav's secret joy, tho knight had already drunk deep of the wine that was providod for all comers in the great hall. While his rival wsb thus putting " an enemy into his mouth,'' Vladislav remained sober and watohful. Tho tipsy knight oame swaggering into the. midst of the- ladies, snatched Drahomira round the waiBt with a noiBy laugh, and proposed a moon light ramble in tho forest. Several strong bands wore laid on his arm, and he was led baok to the bauquet- ing hall, where he continued to toast hid mistress in the flowing bowl till he rolled off his seat, still trolling out serenades and drinking songs i from the safe level of tho floor. VladiBlav rejoioea to see several other knights depart discomforted that evening when the hours of rovelry at- length drew to nn end, and the few guests who lived near rode away in oompoHios large enough to resist the baDds of marauders that haunted those outlying parts of the great Horoyniam forest. Tho rest who wero sulfioiontly sober went off- to tboir rooms in tho caatle. Vladislav was too perturbed to sleep. He sat looking out upon' the moonlit scene, thinking of Drahomira. What had caused her eudden terror P Would she over return his devotion ? Holy Virgin 1 Had bis:, thoughts f aolHoned a eemhlanoa of her out 0/ the mists and the dim moonlight P He saw her crossing the open space boforo the casslo, und with her a man m a dark oloak. Count Vladislav sworo a great oath, and then ho made off in pursuit. He could see the two figures, though not their faces, as they stood togethor in the forest ; but he was careful ' to oonacal himself, that he might not give tho man an oppor. tunity to eaoape. Ho must know whioh. of Drahomira's suitors had been able to persuade hor to this breach of decorum. Could it be he of the red doublet? Mad with rage and jealousy, Vladislav's feelings wero not soothed when he saw the man throw his arms round the girl and break into a thousand protesta tions, Yet Vladislav dared not approach ; Drahomira would never forgive him if he played the spy t 3ho broke away from her com- panion ; the lover became contrite, kneeling at hor feet. Then his pleading was reoommenoed, under which Drahomira seemed to be giving way, though struggling against the man's influenoo, as if in terror. She tried several times to escape, hut he thrice succeeded in recalling her. lie appeared to have oxtraotcdsome promise, and then she left him at a run. Vladislav inter cepted hor as she fled baok towards the oastlo. " Have you been keeping tryst with the devil, fair lady P" Drahomira gave a scream1, and sank back against a tree. "I think I | have!" she answered wildly. I " What do you moan ? Who is this fellow ? " Vladislav demanded in great excitement. " Don't ask me ; I dare not toll you — I must obey him — "Vladislav, save me." Before the astonished lover oould reply the girl had fled past him, and he saw her no more that night. Hor words thrillod him with hope and fear. Ou the following day the castle was set iu a formont by the news that another.-, great heiress bad disap peared from her home. Tho event filled everyone, from the Baron to the stable boy, with the utmost con sternation. Drahomira avoided all attemnts on tho part of hor lover to spoakto her about tho inoident of tbo previous night; she appeared to hove entirely forgotten it and her wild appoal for help. Vladislav determined to watch ber closely, aud interfere boldly should any more interviews take place in the forest. But he watched in vain ; a week passed without anything remarkable happening. Tho advent of a young horseman, the son of a Polish noble, and his immediate admission to the custlo as guest, had in it nothing noteworthy, for it was the oustoin for travellers to receive hospitality from the great houses as they passed through this wild and robber- haunted country. Drahomira had often been called upon to welcome such trausiont guests ; but I shall never forget tho look on her faoe when her father presented to her tho new comer. Her eyes wero full of terror as she returned his low salute. Alas! I alone, impotent ghost, knew the cause of that terror. She recognised the faoe that had gazed at her that night through the window ! 