MEN OF MUSCLE. . Giants that have Figured in the Fast. Of the wonderful athletes of all ages M'ilo of Creton is perhaps the most known. He once ran a mile with an ox on his shoulders ; then with a blow of his fist he killed the beast, and ate it in one day. . The strongest man could not take ! from Milo- a pomegranate which he held between his two fingers, although a woman he loved is said to have done it. He could break, by co'ntracti g his veins and muscles, a cord , tied round his forearm. One day, being in a house with -some pupjls cjf; Py thagoras, | the ceiling threatened to fall in, but I Milo supported the column on which it rested, thus giving his f'r,iends time to escape/ ; ' ; His death is well known. He tried to tear asunder the trunk of a tree, but his hands got pinched in the wood, and being unable to -disengage -them he perished, devoured by wild beasts. Theagenes of Thasos, who, with a body like -that. . of,. Apolio and the strength of H6rcules,\sur|ktssedlallhis I rivals in'-ailMtiiMs \>t exercises, won J over 1,400 prizes. Eurybate, Chilo, Euthymos, and Hstvdamusfwdhf also . renpwn as won-, I derful athletes; : The strength of Samson is too well I known to ndla description here. . j THe Roman Emperor Calus Julius I Verus Maximus was a marvel of I strength, being able to squeeze the! hardest stone to powder with his fin- 1 gers. He wasupjyard.s qf eighueetrjn aeight, and his. wife's 'bracelet could | serve him as a hnger. ring; i ;- Salvius of Rome could walk up a ladder carrying 200 pounds on his shoulders, 200 pounds in his hands, tnd 200 pounds fastened tp-his . feet-. ; . Athanatus "could ; run' rdund the arena carrying 500 pounds' fastened to nis feet. - " ; :J locus could hold the most furious bull and' teAr away his horns as easily is one would pull- up radishes. Scanderberg, King of Albania, who lived in the fifteenth century, was re puted the strongest man of his time. | He was a man of great stature, and I the power of his arm was such that he thought nothing of cutting two men in halves with one single blow of his sword. ; : Francis of Vivonne, Lord of Chas- teignerave, who lived at the court of Francis I. of France, could stop a bull by seizing it by the horns. Louis de Boiifflers, who lived in the sixteenth century, could bre&k; a bar .of iron with his hands. The strongest man could not take from him a ball which he held between his thumb and first finger. While standing up, with iiio support whatever, four strong soldiers could not move him ; he remained as firm as a rock. Sometimes he amused himself | by taking on his shoulders his own horse, fully harnessed, and with that heavy load he promenaded the public square to the great delight of the in habitants. I. At about the same.time there lived a Spaniard named Piedro, who could break the strongest handcuffs that could be put round his wrists. He folded his arms on his chest, and ten men pulling in different directions with ropes could not unfold them. Augustus II., Elector of Sdxoriy, i was a man of great strength j he could carry a man in his open hand. One night he quietly threw out of a window a monk who paraded the palace, pre tending to be a ghost. Augustus's son, the famous Maurice, Marechal de Saxe. who commanded the French at Fontenoy, Was also a marvel of strength. On one occasion he twisted with his fingers only along nail into a corkscrew, with which he drew the corks of half-a-dozen bottles. He could break with his hands the strongest horseshoe. One day when in London he had a row with a dustman, when he seized the man by the head, and throwing him in the air, let him drop right in the middle of his bwndust-cart. The only opponent who succeeded in re sisting him was a woman, a Mdlle. Gauthier, an actress. Maurice tried, with her to see who could put down the other's wrist, and after a long struggle she won, but with the greatest difficolty, The power of Mdlle. Gauthier's arm was far beyond the common, and with her fingers she roll up silver plates as I easilySs any one would paper. i I Thomas Topham, born in London I in 1 7 10, was a man possessed of extra- I ordinary, strength. He once lifted I three casks filled with water and weigh- I ing in all 1,836 pounds. He is said to I have had the combined strength of 12 I men. I He could bend a stout bar of iron I by holding the two ends with his I hands, placing the middle of the bar I behind his neck, and bringing. the two ends forward. He could also undo what he had done — that is, straighten the bar " again, a much more difficult feat. He broke a rope fastened to the ground that would sustain 2,000 pounds weight, and lifted an oak table six feet long with his teeth, though a half hundredweight was hung at the I extremity. With one hand he raised a man who. weighed 27 stone. . Once, seeing a watchman asleep in his box, he carried away both man and box a long distance. It is said of him that having been placed on some duty at the. entrance gate of a racecourse,, hp rpfnsprl allow a four-horse coach I to go through ; on the driver whipping J up his horses and attempting to pass, ; J Topham took hoid of the hind wheels I of the coach and upset it and its occu- I pants into the roadway. Topham who kept a public-house I in Islington, had a wife who quarrelled I with him. to such an extent that she J drove him to commit suicide. Her cules, Samson, Milo, and many other wonders of bodily -strength had to give I way to a woman ; - so did Topham, ap- I parently. I At about, the same time as Topham I there lived another wonderfully strong I man, Richard Joy," whose feats may I possibly have got mixed in records | with those of Topham. Richard Joy I was already renowned for his marvel lous strength before; Topham was born. He was commonly known as the "Kentish Samson" and the "Strong I Man of Kent;/' Among other things, J he could cope successfully against any I powerful horse, lift a ton weight, and I snap a rope that bore 3.500 pounds I without breaking, the flatter being far more extraordinary than Topham's similar feat. ii.e'AVas drowned in a smuggling ex- L pedition some ten years before Top- ham's (leath, and is buried in the churchyard of St. Peter's Church, near Broadsiairs; : _ : A Scotchman, said to be the last of I the- Stuarts, was also possessed of ex traordinary strength, from which cir cumstance he got the byname of Jemmy Strength. Among other feats he could carry a 24-pounder cannon, and had beenv known to lift a cartload of liay weighing a ton arfd a half upon his back. Many a time he took up a jackass, and carrying it on. his shoul ders,-' wal Iced: through the; tpll'gate. A Belgian giant could stand up under two ions. Jonath an Fowler, a Massach ussetts fisherman, once walked out lenee deep through the mud and filth of a sea shore at low tide to a shark left by the retiring waters, shouldered it, and brought it : alive on : his ;back : to- ;th'e shore. The shark weighed Coo nnnnds i o r. \\. w/ — quite a load, considering that it was not the most portable of articles, and that the man had. to wade through mud. Dr." ;W i ns h i p,7 the welLk n o w n Ameri can' athlete, faised' froin the ground 1,400 pounds. ! A'seamah dri 'board 'the- celebrated cruiser, the .'.Alabama, ; a.: Scotchman named Gill could lift a man at arm's length with : one hMd./ j Abraham Lincoln, Ihe .martyr Presi dent, was a man of great strength. He I could with. one . blow bury an axe in the trunk of a tree deeper than any other man, and he is said to have thrown across the roadway a pigeon- house weighing 000 pounds. 