BY a notable coincidence, the Trea- surers of New South Wales and Vic- toria were simultaneously engaged on Tuesday afternoon in submitting tariff proposals to their respective Legisla- tures. Mr REID'S plan of Customs re- vision admits of no doubt or misunder- standing. He proposes to establish free trade more absolute than that of Great Britain herself, sweeping away even what would be regarded in Victoria as the extremely moderate DIBBS duties, and adopting a simple tariff of only a few articles. Without considering in detail Mr BEST'S pro- posals, there are two or three of his statements that are worth noticing. In view of the demand of the electors, and the promises of hon. members, as well as the early appoint- ment of the Tariff Commission, it was fully expected that some- thing like a scientific tariff would, in compliance with the acknowledged wishes of the colony, have been sub- mitted to the Assembly on Tuesday. But it is apparent that, after some seven separate revisions within little more than a decade, we are to ap- proach its reform once more in a spirit of extreme timidity. The changes that would, in Mr REID'S opinion, be welcomed with acclaim across the Murray, must be jealously guarded against on this side as fraught with ruin and disaster. The situation pre- sents an amazing political paradox, and cannot fail to lead many moderate members in this colony to study carefully the significance of the movement among our neighbors. The reduction of duties to a 25 per cent, maximum in this colony, says Mr BEST “would provoke little short of a revolu- tion in the colony. It would be the means of destroying industries and causing great armies of the unemployed to parade our streets. It would mean that the whole of the vested industries with the rights which have accrued in connection with the policy of the country would be swept away in one fell swoop, with disastrous results.” But has this been the case in the neighboring colony? Or is it not de- monstrable that in population, produc- tion, wealth and manufactures it is rapidly surpassing us? Taking its ex- ports of home production for 1893 we find them valued at £17,094,213 as against £10,293,926 in Vic- toria; its intercolonial trade repre- sented by exports to the value of £8,895,885, as compared with Vic- toria’s £3,617,096; its gross value of production £35,007,000, and Vic- toria’s £30,207,000; the averages per- head £29 4s 7d ( in New South Wales, and £25 18s 7d here; while the em- ployes in “ men’s trades ” numbered 16,437 across the border, as against 14,479 here, and the gross number of hands in factories 37,015 and 39,846 respectively. These are significant figures, and are worth more than the declamation such as Mr BEST indulged in as to what might happen if Victoria dealt with tariff reform as trenchantly as the country de- manded. It may be that Mr REID'S enthusiasm has outrun his prudence. Possibly his proposals may be regarded as too drastic. But in this colony there has been no demand for reducing duties generally below the present maximum rates of the other colonies. Tariff reformers argue that those colonies are thriving better with duties not exceeding 25 per cent, than Vic- toria with rates up to 50 per cent., and that Victoria herself progressed more satisfactorily with a maxi- mum rate of 25 per cent, up to 1889. It was the heavy in- creases of that year and 1892 that, according to the Tariff Board’s own showing, provoked the reaction and created “ the outcry for tariff reform.” Disappointment must, inevitably be felt that Mr BEST'S speech held out so little hope of any reasonable modifica- tions of even the highest duties. All the labors of the board, all the unmis- takable expressions of the desire of the country for a reduction of duties all round, with a 25 per cent, maximum, and a threatened six weeks’ debate in Parliament are likely to result only in changes so trifling as to be scarcely worth consideration. The concessions to mining consist mainly of a reduction of ½ per lb on candles, and the rejection of the board’s proposal to increase the duties on explosives. For the benefit of farmers the duties on agricultural im- plements will be lowered from 20 to 15 per pent, as against 10 per cent, at present in New South Wales. The duties on woollens will still range from 15 per cent, to per cent., the concessions made mainly affecting the cheaper classes of goods and of made-up apparel. Mr BEST is loth to accept the board's dictum that “increases in the tariff have been followed in many instances by decreased wages to the employés." But he accepts with alacrity its view that in some cases goods have become cheaper since the imposition of pro- tective duties. The Minister of Cus- toms accordingly assumes, following the well-beaten track, that protec- tion has been successful in lower- ing prices instead of raising them. There is no question that many articles can be purchased now at a lower price than they could have been a few years ago, but this can only be the result either of the use of labor-saving machi- nery, of the cheapening of the material of which these articles are manufac- tured, or the lowering of the wages of those employed in manufacturing them. It is not denied, even by the most ex- treme protectionist, that the raw mate- rials employed in almost every industry have been cheapened, neither is it questioned that high duties have stimu- lated sharp competition in many trades, with the result that employers have reduced and still are reducing the wages of employes to a very low rate, and that sweating is just as much in vogue in highly favored Victoria as it is in Great Britain. If this is a con- dition of things considered to be worthy of being maintained by protectionist leaders and the present Government, the workers may well be pitied. Mr BEST would, probably, hardly cite the sale of potatoes at 20s a ton, or of wheat at 1s 11d a bushel, as due to the effect of the tariff in lowering prices, and it is just as absurd to at tribute to it the cheapness of certain classes of manufactures which he speci- fies. Lowprices, with perhaps some little improvement on present levels, must be looked forward to, and we must adapt ourselves to them, and as a step to this end the agricultural population, which stands in the proportion of about 135,000 to 38,000 protected operatives, and all the other classes outside the latter limited circle, are entitled to expect that Parliament shall not much longer leave them, as regards tariff charges, in the unenviable position of being the most heavily taxed of all the Australasian com- munities. An interesting paper recently read be- fore the Royal Statistical Society of Great Britain furnishes something like an authoritative answer to the keenly debated question as to who have bene- fited most by recent industrial changes and developments—the earners of wages or the recipients of profits and interest. The paper bore evidence of having been prepared with great care. All available statistics had been tabulated, compared, care- fully analysed mathematically, and checked by every process that the ex- pert statist could devise. It was found that the average wage increased about 40 per cent, between 1860 and 1874, fell half that amount between 1874 and 1880, and again reached the highest figure in 1891. All the figures collated were also considered in rela- tion to the increased purchasing power of money shown by SAUBERBECK'S index numbers, and the conclusion arrived at was that the average wages and the average incomes had both been doubled since 1860. The statistics, in fact, bore out the conclusions of GOLDWIN SMITH, of BRYCE, of MALLOCK, of a recent Royal Commission on labor, and of many other expert authorities, as to the improvement which has taken place in the condition of the bulk of the working classes in Great Britain in the last 20 or 30 years; in the greater richness of the nation as a whole, and in the better distribution of its wealth. In gross amount this now represents about £350 per inhabitant, as against some £200 per head in the United States, and abundant statistics demon- strate that, on the whole, its increase has been shared by earners of wages and recipients of small incomes in even larger proportion than by those whom it is customary to regard as excessively “ rich,” and as becoming richer at an apalling rate. In the Legislative Assembly yesterday peti- tions were presented from the Mineowners, Miners, and Mining Managers’ Associations of Bendigo and Ballarat—the former by Mr Lazarus and the latter by Mr Kirton—pro- testing against the proposed increase of the duties on explosives. The sessional orders moved by the Premier—that business be com- menced at 4 p.m. on Tuesday and 3 p.m. on Wednesday and Thursday—drew a protest from Mr Scott, who on behalf of the country members moved, as an amendment, that on Thursday the House sit at 12 noon, and take no new business on after 6 p.m. Mr Trenwith suggested, as a compromise, that on Wed- nesday and Thursday the House sit at 2 p.m. The Premier agreed to sit at 2 p.m. on Thursday, but the matter of adjourning at 6 p.m. must be left to him, to checkmate stone-walling. Ultimately the hours were fixed at 4.30 on Tuesday, 3 on Wednesday, and 4 on Thursday. Mr Kirton secured an affimation by the House of the principle that the present method of con- stituting Ministries is unsatisfactory, and should be superseded by one based upon the principle of election. His proposition that a select committee be appointed to enquire into and report upon the practicability of making provision tor the aged poor by means of State aided pensions or insurance was also agreed to by hon. members. The Juries’ Act Amendment Bill, introduced for the purpose of reducing the expenditure upon juries, and al- lowing judges in certain cases to discharge a jury and finish the case by himself, was read a second time and considered in committee. A desperate encounter with one of the mis- creants who is at present acting the part of a ghost took place last night in Ballarat East. At half-past 7 o’clock Mr Frederick J. Park, a miner, residing at Mount Pleasant, was walk- ing up Eureka street to meet his wife in Queen street, when nearing the junction of Ford and Margaret streets he heard the cries of a woman. Mr Park ran in the direction of the cry, and, turning the corner, saw a mysterious figure chasing a female across the street. Mr Park, who is an elderly man, at once went in chase of the ghost, and overtaking the object, caught hold of man dressed up in a white smock, with a coffin lid three yards long attached to his back. The man’s face was also smeared with phosphorous, giving a most peculiar appearance. Mr Park pluckuy closed with the masquerader, and succeeded in throwing him to the ground, where he secured a firm hold of the man’s leg. Finding he could not get away, the ruffian drew a knife and made a lunge at his captor, whom he struck on the arm, cutting through the coat and shirt and drawing blood. The sudden attack caused Mr Park to loose his hold, and the man, jumping up, ran away across the hill. Mr Park reported the matter at the Ballarat East police station, the cut in his clothes and the wound in his arm amply confirming his story. Mr Park states that the man was of heavy build, and apparently about 30 years of age. While struggling with the man two young men passed down Eureka street, and, though Mr Park cried out to them for assistance, they paid no heed. Constable Wall, who was sent to enquire into the matter, interviewed Mrs West Lan, who lives near the scene of the occurrence, and that lady informed him that, at the time mentioned, she heard a woman scream out, but did not pay serious attention to it. The police would be glad if the young woman who was molested would call at the station in order to help them in dis- covering the perpetrator of the outrage, Mr Michael Davitt, the Irish patriot and labor leader, who lectured here on Tuesday night, left for Ararat by the 11 o’clock train yesterday. A number of the Catholic clergy and prominent citizens assembled on the plat- form to see the distinguished visitor off, and hearty cheers were given as the train started. Mr Ed. Murphy, M.L.A. Mr J. J. Fitzgerald, J.P., and Mr Abrahams (Geelong) accompanied Mr Davitt to Ararat and attended his lecture there in the evening. Before leaving Mr Davitt stated that it was possible he would spend a few hours in Ballarat when passing through on his way back to Melbourne. He could not, however, give another lecture. It is understood that alterations and im- provements of a very important nature are to be made in connection with the railway line to Buninyong. It is proposed to re-arrange the platform accommodation at Ballarat East by making archways through the partition be- tween the south platform and the goods sheds and constructing an island landing for the sole use of Buninyong passengers. The line in the sheds, which is connected with Ballarat West will be continued eastward, and joined to the branch line near the workshops, so that a train will come from Buninyong, discharge freight and allow passengers to disembark on the new platform without going on to the main line. This arrangement will do away with the necessity for the Buninyong junction signal-box, which stands where the branch line meets the main. Although this box is worked by a signalman in charge it is controlled from Ballarat West. When com- pleted there will be a through line from Bal- larat West to Buninyong, which means fewer delays to trains and less expense to the depart- ment than by the present system of branching off from the main line. The plans have been prepared, but the inspectors have not yet passed them. These officials are expected to visit the site in a day or two, and if they approve of the alterations suggested, the work will be proceeded with without delay. Mr W. B. Grose, M.L.A., will on Tuesday next ask the Postmaster-General if he would endeavor to have arrangements made with the Railway Department for receiving press tele- grams at railway stations after 8 o’clock p.m. in cases where the telegraph offices are closed at the hour named. A meeting of the newly-formed Victorian Athletic Association was held at the Union hotel, Sturt street, yesterday. Present— Messrs R. P. Lewers (Stawell), P. J. Mere (Daylesford), J. P. Rowan (Terang), G. Finnis (Meredith), and M. Williams (North Mel- bourne Locomotive United Athletic Club). A letter was. received from the Warrnambool club, nominating Mr Bell (Stawell), secretary of the association, as their representative. Mr R. P. Lowers was elected as permanent chair- man. Communications were received from the Horsham, Great Western, Bendigo, Nhill Maryborough, and Colac associations, signify, ing their intention of joining the association and from the North Tasmanian Athletic Association, wishing the new organisation every success, and asking if their disqualifica- tions would be endorsed. In reference to the latter, it was agreed to comply with the request on the Tasmanian association doing likewise in the case of Victorian disqualifications. It was decided to hold con- ferences annually on condition that the clubs shall pay the amount, of railway fare and 10s per day to the delegates, but the members of the council agreed to act for the first year on the payment of railway fare only by the asso- ciation. Applications for appointment as handicapper will be received before next meet- ing, which is to be held in Melbourne in Sep- tembr. A code of rules was drawn up, and included a provision that all pedestrians must be registered under the association before being allowed to compete at any sports. In this way it is hoped to prevent sharp practice on the part of unscrupulous competitors proving suc- cessful. At the City Police Court yesterday, a young married woman was brought up on a charge of lunacy. Drs Mitchell and Hardy stated that the woman had been suffering from puerperal insanity, but was now much improved, and was not a fit subject for a Lunatic Asylum. The magistrates accordingly discharged the woman to the care of her friends. A special meeting of the Tailoresses’ Union was held at the Trades’ Halt last night, to enrol members and consider the rearrangement of the list of union shops for publication. The secretary reported that since the previous meeting a goodly number had rejoined the organisation, and that the whole of the hands in several of the establishments where it was known “ log prices ” were paid had become members, while in others a section of the employes had enrolled, the remainder having signified their intention of doing so before the expiration of the present week. The secretary was instructed to write to the master tailors, asking if they were prepared to continue pay- ing “statement ” rates and working in accord- ance with the conditions previously agreed to. The meeting then adjourned until next Tues- day night, when the replies will be dealt with. The Supreme Court opens to-day. There is one case on the list —a charge of indecent assault against a young man named H. Garbett. A number of workman are engaged at the Western Railway Station erecting scaffolding for the purpose of re-plastering the outside and renovating the interior. It is intended to thoroughly repair the roof and skylights, which for years have been in such a condition that when there was a heavy downpour of rain the platform and rails were completely deluged. Several smaller improvements are also to be carried out for the accommodation of the station hands and convenience of the public. There was an unusually large attendance of members and visitors at the fortnightly meet- ing of the City branch A.N.A. last night, the attraction being the announcement that Mr J. Hume Cook, M.L.A., would deliver a lecture on “ The depression; its causes and its cure." At the opening of the meeting there was no ap- pearance of the gentleman named, but as it was thought he might have come by the express train and gone with some friends for tea, it was resolved to go on with the ordinary business until his arrival. During the evening, how- ever, a telegram was received from Mr Cook as follows: “Pressure Parliamentary work prevents attendance. Please excuse. Lecture some other time.” Of course there was no alternative but to accept the situa- tion, but some of the members spoke very strongly against Mr Cook’s action. It was considered that he must have known before that night that ha would be unable to attend, and therefore should have notified the secre- tary earlier so that other arrangements could have been made and advertised. The gap was filled by a debate upon “The Gothenburg system of licensing reform,” which was opened by Mr Theo. Saunders. An animated dis- cussion followed the tenor of the remarks, showing that each speaker felt warmly on the subject, and desired amendments in the licensing laws of Victoria. The system of “shouting” in publichouses was strongly con- demned. Mr H. Buller, the well-known blacksmith at the Midas Consols, met with rather a serious accident on Tuesday night. Mr Buler, who had been spending the evening with a friend, was returning home about midnight, and when crossing over a gully on a plank fell a distance of about 10 feet, and it is feared injured his spine. He was taken to the Red Lion hotel, and then brought on to Ballarat by Mr White;s coach yesterday. Mr Leader, P.M., and Messrs Clark and Pearse, J.’sP., presided at the City Police Court yesterday. John Mayne, aged 40 years, a dealer by occupation, was charged with indecently assaulting a little girl named Rankin at Ballarat on the 3rd April last. Mr F. H. Tuthill, who appeared for the defence suggested that the charge should be altered to one of common assault, to which his client would plead guilty. When the offence was committed the man was dazed with drink. Inspector Hamilton said he would call evi- dence, and then if the magistrates considered proper, he would not object to the altering of the charge. Mrs Elizabeth Easton deposed that she was employed by Mr Rankin as house- keeper. On the 3rd April the defendant called at the house and asked for Mr Rankin. She told him that he was out, and would not be home till late in the evening. Between 9 and 10 o'clock witness went to Mrs Brudenall's house, on the opposite side of the road, leaving the children behind. She had only been absent about two minutes when Rose Rankin and another little girl ran after and told her that Mayne had insulted them. Witness went back and asked Mayne what he had been doing, and he replied nothing. She at once ordered him off the premises. The accused had been in the habit of calling upon Mr Rankin, who was a distant relative of his. Mayne was drunk when she returned from Mrs Brundenall's. At this stage the bench decided to alter the charge to one of common assault. Mr Tuthill addressed the court and asked for leniency, as his client had hitherto led a respectable life, and had pro- mised never to touch drink again. He had already been 11 days in gaol. The accused stated that he had been drinking heavily on the day of the alleged assault, and knew nothing of what occurred until he was accused by Mrs Easton. Mr Leader said the bench had decided to impose a fine of 5 pounds, or one month’s imprisonment. They had taken into consideration the appeal on accused's behalf or otherwise he would have been sent to gaol for three months. At the monthly meeting of the Sebastaol Lodge, No. 63, V.C., which was held last even- ing at the lodge-room, Mechanics' Institute, Sebastopol, Br Charles Flohm, I. P. M., was unanimously elected Worshipful Master for the ensuing 12 months. A most enjoyable gathering was held at the Sir Henry Barkly hotel last night, when the members of the Victoria Football Club were entertained at a banquet by Mr Robert Casey. The club, who are contesting for the Second Rate Association premiership, were promised by Mr Casey that, in the event of their winnings their first four matches, he would entertain them. The club fulfilled their part of the con - tract by successively defeating the Newington, Britannia, Brown Hill, and Redan clubs, and Mr Casey accordingly last night treated the members to a most generous entertainment. About 60 sat down to the tables, Mr T. Down- ing occupying the chair. The toast of the "Host and Hostess,” which was felicitously proposed by the chairman, who spoke of the warm interest which Mr Casey took in further- ing the nterest of sport generally, was enthu- asticallt honored. The other toasts included "Success to the Club,” “The Ladies,” “The Press, &c.; A number of songs and recitations were given by members, and altogether a most peasant evening was spent. Detective-Sergeant Charles left Ballarat by Adelaide express train yesterday evening for Dimboola, for the purpose of investigating an outrage reported from there. At the Ballarat East police station last night, a peasant gathering was held for the purpose of making presentations to Thomas Hennah and David Butson, who rendered valuable assist- tance to Constable Taylor in effecting the arrest of Wm. Hedges, who committed a cowardly assault on Constable Campbell at Sebastopol. members of the police present represented ibiitopol and Ballarat City and East. Senior constable Boyce, who made the presentations, said the police generally desired to show their gratitude to the two young men for the assist- ance they had given to one of their members, He considered that Messrs Hennah and Butson as deserving of great praise for the courage they displayed, and the police were determined that such conduct should not go unrecognised, Mr Boyce there handed to Mr Hennah a gold medal inscribed—“ Presented to Mr Thos. Hennah by the Ballarat police for assisting in capture of an escaped prisoner. May, 1895.” and to Mr Butson a monetary gift. The gifts were suitably and modestly acknowledged by the recipients. Messrs Peady, King, Josephs, and Lonie, J’sP. presided at the Town Police Court yes- terday, and dealt with three persons arrested drunkenness. The young woman, Emma Smith, who was arrested in the first place for assault, but was remanded for medical treat- ment, was discharged on the certificate of Dr Jordan. Three debt cases, in which Mr A. B. Cray appeared for the complainants, were also disposed of. At the Mechanics’ Institute last night Pro- fessor Richard, medical electrician, again ex- plained to a large audience his method of treatment of various kinds of disease. To- night there will be a healing demonstration, in connection with which poor people will be treated gratuitously. Those desiring treatment are requested to be in attendance at 6 o’clock to register their names, &c.; Ladies will be admitted to the hall from a quarter to 7, and the proceedings will commence at 8. A man who appeared to be in a helpless state of drunkenness was arrested in the City last night, and lodged in the lockup. It appears that he came from the country in the morning, and purchased a saddle. He then had £15 in his possession, but when searched at the watchhouse was penniless. Before he had been in the cell half an hour he was seized with a violent fit, and Dr Jordan was sum- moned. The man’s removal to the Hospital for treatment was suggested, and with some difficulty accomplished. It is stated that there are to be two per- cent adjutants in the militia. By this arrangement Captain Chalmers —who, by the way, is steadily recovering from the effects of his recent accident—will be retained as adjutant of the 3rd and 4th Battalions. As Captain Chalmers is extremely popular, this announce- ment will be welcomed by the local corps. Captain Irving will remain attached to the 1st and 2nd Battalions. An armless man named Thomas Madigan was arrested last night by Constable McCon- ville, and taken to the Town lockup on a charge of vagrancy. Mr John Sides, who for many years was a popular resident of the Mount Mercer district, but lately has removed to Sebastopol, a few days ago sustained a severe fracture of the leg. It appears that when returning from Mount Mercer Mr Sides, in order to procure a switch, was pulling himself up by means of a bough, which broke, and although only a short way from the ground he sustained the injury named. He was quickly driven by Mr Smith to Dr Longden’s, who rendered the necessary medical aid, and Mr Sides was then conveyed to his home at Sebastopol. He is (writes our correspondent) progressing as well as can be expected. Miss Juliet Flegeltaub desires to thank her many kind friends for congratulations and ex- pressions of good wishes for her welfare. Miss Flegeltaub leaves to-day by the 11.10 a.m. train to proceed to Sydney, joining the Wil- iamson’s Opera Company there. An exceptional demand having set in for tickets for the Esty-Marsh concert to be given in the Alfred Hall to-mor- row evening, the management have de- sided on opening the Curtis street entrance at 7 o’clock for the admission of ticket-holders early; the Grenville street doors will open at a quarter-past 7 for non-ticket holders. The management have decided on making only the uniform charge of 1s to all parts, but intending patrons would do well to secure their tickets, which may be obtained at Sutton’s up till 1 o'clock to-morrow, thereby escaping the incon- venience of what promises to be an unusual rush. Thos. Osborne, 52, of Ascot street, attended at the Hospital yesterday and had a foreign body extracted from his eye. A young man named Power, of Sulky Gully, had stolen from his hut while he was away at work the sum of £27, and when on his way to Ballarat to give information met with an anci- ent, and was taken to the Hospital. The matter has since been placed In the hands of the police, and it is expected that an arrest will soon be made. The League of the Cross held its fortnightly meeting last night. The Rev. Father Fitz- maurice, chaplain of the league, occupied the chair, and gave a very impressive discourse on levels of drink. Miss Kate Rahilly, a visitor from Sydney, delighted the audience with her singing, and Master Sandford gave a very amusing comic song. Our Gordon correspondent wired last even- ing:—“ Thomas Manual, 20 years of age, a miner living at Egerton, who had been arrested by Constables Arthur and Cuthbert on an in- formation sworn by Mrs Westerback, charging him with criminally assaulting her daughter Mary, 14 years of age, was charged at the police court to-day with the offence, and re- manded for 14 days.” Our readers will see by our advertising columns that the calisthenic and gymnastic classes for young ladies, conducted by the Misses McCartney and Lyle, will be inaugu- rated this evening at the Oddfellows’ Hall, Grenville street, 7.30. The Bendigo Advertiser has the following complimentary reference to Ballarat artists:— It will be learned with delight that we are to have the pleasure of hearing the leading ex- ponents of opera from Ballarat at the next Liedertafel concert which has been fixed for 18th inst. Miss English with Mr J. Robson, the popular conductor of the Ballarat Liedertafel; and Mr McGrath, who, it will be remembered some three years ago secured first honors in solo singing and elocution at the musical competition held in our own theatre, will sustain the principal parts in an entire scene in character from the opera of 'Il Trovatore,' and as their vocal and elocutionary powers are so well known it cannot but be a perfect treat.” Entries for all subjects for the South street literary and musical competition finally close at Saturday, and may be made at Sutton’s at Herbert’s music warehouses, Sturt street; with the secretary, Dana street, or at the new hall, Skipton street. Mr James Martin, son of Cr Martin, of Sebastapol, who for some time past has occu- pied the position of ledger-keeper, and occa- sionally that of teller, at the Ballarat branch of the Bank of Victoria, has been transferred to the Inglewood branch, where he will take the responsible position of accountant. Mr Martin's numerous friends, while regretting his removal from our midst, will be pleased to know that to him it means promotion. He will be missed at the former branch, where he was very popular amongst customers of the bank, and his selection for the responsible position he is to occupy speaks well for his business ability. We have received from the Argus a copy, in phamplet form, of the incisive articles that have recently been appearing in their columns deal- ing with the fiscal question. The theme on are based is contained in the open- ing sentences, which run:— "The duties levied in Victoria to-day are amongst the very highest duties levied in the world, and they must have enormous influence for good or for evil. They must operate powerfully for prosperity or for adversity. Which? Every citizen is called upon to solve in his own mind this momentous question. Lord Brassey, according to a recent London interviewer, is doubtful of doing much with his weight over the Australian country, but he will not object to have a space specially ar- ranged with gates, and the high rail-fence of the colony lowered so that sport may be en- gaged in more on English lines. A railway has been established for some years up the Ganisberg Mountain in Austria. Its road is known as Riggenback’s Ladder road, and its rails and wheels of the locomotive are cogged. 