THE TRAGEDY OP CATHERON ROYALS. [By tiie Author of ' Paulina Lisle,' ' Katiiekine's Vengeance,' &c.;] PART III. | CHAPTER II. — (Continued). I The dark grave eyes were fixed upon .the ?close veil expectantly. Inez Catheron threw it back. ' Edith !' she said — and at the sound of her name the girl recoiled — ' you don't know me, but I think you will know my name. I am Inez Catheron.' She recoiled a step farther, her dark face paling .and growing set — her large eyes seem ing to darken and dilate — her lips setting themselves in a tense line. ' Well?' was all she said. Inez stretched out her hands with an, im ploring , gesture, drawing near as. the other retreated. ' Oh, Edith, you know why I have come ! you know who has sent me. You know ivlicit I have come for.' The dark, deep eyes met hers, full, cold, hard, and bright as diamonds. ' I don't know in the least what you have come for. I haven't an idea who can have sent you. I know who you are. You fire Sir Victor Catheron's cousin.' jfe ' Without falter or flinch, she spoke his name, with afaie of stone she waited for the answer. If any hope had lingered in the breast of Inez, it died out as she looked at her now. 'Yes,' she said, sadly; 'I am Victor Catheron's cousin, and there could be but one to send me here — Victor Catheron himself.' ' And why has Sir Victor Catheron given you that trouble?' ' OK, Edith!' again that imploring gesture; ' let me call you so — need you ask-? All these months he has been searching for you, losing health and rest in the fruitless quest — wearing himself to a very shadow looking for you. He lias been to New York, he has hunted London — it has brought him almost to, the verge of death, this long, vain, miserable search.' Her perfect iips curled scornfully, her eyes shot forth gleams of contempt, but her voice was very quiet. ' And again I ask why — why lias Sir Victor Catheron given himself to all this unnecessary trouble?' ' Unnecessary ? You call it that ? A hus band's search for a lost wife ?' . ' Stop, Miss Catheron !' she lifted her hand and her eyes flushed. ' You make a mistake. Sir Victor Catheron's wife I am not — never will be. The ceremony wc wont through ten months ago, down in Chesholm, means nothing, since a bridegroom who deserts his bride on her wedding-day, resigns all rights to the name and authority of 'husband. Mind I don't regret it now; I should not have it otherwise if I could. And this is not bravado Miss Catheron ; I mean it. In the hour I married your cousin he was no moro to me than one of his footmen. I say it to my own shame and lasting dishonor; and I thank Hoaven most sincerely now, whether hp were mad or sane, that lie deserted me as he did. At last I am free— not bound for life to a man that by this time I might have grown to loathe. 3?or I think my indifference then would have grown to hate. Now I simply scorn him \ in a degree less than I scorn myself. I never wish to hear his name — but 1 would not go an inch out of my way t' o avoid him. He is simply nothing to me — nothing. If I. were dead and in my grave, I cou.!d not be one whit more lost to him than I am. Why he has presumed to search for me , is bey.'ond my comprehension. How he has tho audacity to hunt me down, and send you here surpasses belief. I wonder you came, Miss Cath.eron ! As you have come, let me give you ti}is word of advice ; make your first visit youi' last. Don't come again to see me — don't let Sir Victor Catheron dog my .stops or in any; way., interfere with mo. 'I never was a very\^ood or patient sort of per son — I have not become more so of late. I am only a girl, atee and poor; but,' hor eyes flashed fire — litera,.lly fire — and her hands clinched, 'I varnliim-i.it will not be safe!' Inez drew back. What she had expected she hardly knew — ccrtainly'.not this. ; ' As I said before,' Edith, wont on, ' my time is limited. Madamo doea not allow her -working-girls to receive visitors in working hours. Miss Catheron, I have iho honour to ?wish vou cood-morninfy.' 'Stay!' Inez cried, 'for the -lc-vo of 'Heaven. Oh, what shall I say, how- shall I soften her ? Edith, you don't understand. I wish — I wish I dared tell you tlib '?Secret that took Victor from j your ;sidc that day ! He loves you— no,! that . is too poor a word to express what he 'feels ; liis life is paying tho penalty of his lossi He is dying, Edith; dying of heart disease, brought on by what ho has suffered in l osing ? , you. In his dying hour he -will tell you all ; and his one prayer is for death that ho; may tell you, that you may cease to wronjj and , liato him as'you do. Oh, Edith, listen to me pity me pity him who is dying for you ! Don't be.so hard. See, 1 kneel to you ? ? As you hope foij mercy in your own dying l.iour, Edith Cathoron, havo morcy on him !' She flung horsolf 011 her kness, .tears pour ing over hor face, and held up her clasped hands. 'E01; pity's sake, Edith— for your own .sake. Don't harden your heart ; try to be lieve, though you may not understand. I tell you ho loves you — that ho i»-i a dying man. We are ajl sinners ; as wc hope for pity and morcy have pity and mercy on him now. With her hand on the door, with Inez Catheron clinging to her dress, 'she paused, wft-rrnrl rKcf vncanrl . nrvPfATinrl in suite of herself. . ' Get up, Miss Catheron,' she said ; 'you I must hot kneel to me. What is it you want? What is it you ask me to do ?' ' I ask you to give up this life 'of toil — to come home with me. Lady Helena awaits you. Make your home with hor and -with me — take tho name and wealth that are yours, and wait — try to 'wait patiently to the end. For Victor — poor, heart-broken boy — you will not have long to wait.' - , Her voice broke — her sobs filled the room. The distressed look was still on Edith's face, but it was as resolute as ever. ' What you ask is impossible,' she said, utterly and absolutely impossible. '\Vhat you say about your cousin may be true. I don t understand — I never could read riddles — but it does not alter my determination in the least.' What! live on the bounty of- a man who deserts mo on my wedding day — who makes mo an outcast — an object of scorn and disgrace ! 1 would die first ! I would face starvation and death in this great city. I know what I am saying. I would sweep a crossing, like that beggar in rags yonder ; I would lie down and die in a ditch sooner. Let mo go Miss Catheron, I beg of you ; you only distress me unnecessa rily. If you pleaded forever it could not avail. Give my love to Lady Helena, but I will never go back — I will never accept a farthing from Sir Victor Catheron. Don't come here more — don't let him come.' Again her eyes glea med. ' Thero is neither sorrow nor pity for him in my heart. It is like a stone where he is concerned, and always will be — always, though he lay dying before me. Now, fare well.' . Then the door opened and closed, and she was gone. CHAPTER III. nOW THEY MET. Miss Stuart went back to the work-room, and to tho dozen or more young women there assembled. If she was a shade paler than her wont they wore not likely to notice it — if she was more silent even than usual, why, silence was always Miss Stuart's forte. Only the young person to whom Miss Catheron had given the sovereign looked at her curiously, and said, point-blank ; ' I say, Miss Stuart, who was that ? what did she want ?' And the d&rk;, haughty eyes of Miss Stuart had lifted from the peaeli satin on which she worked, and fixed themselves icily upon hor interrogator. 'It was a lady I never saw before,' she answered, frigidly. ' What she wanted is certainly no business of yours, Miss Hatton.' Miss Hatton flounced off with a muttered reply ; but there was that about Edith that saved her from open insult — a dignity and distance they none of them could overreach. Besides, she was a favourite with madame and the forewoman. So silently industrious, so tastefully neat, so perfectly trustworthy in her work. Her companions disliked and distrust ed her ; she held herself aloof from them all ; she had something 011 her mind— there was an air of mystery about her ; they doubted her being an English girl at all. She would have none of their companionship ; if she had a secret, she kept it well ; in their noisy, busy midst she was as much alone as though she were on Robinson Crusoe's desert island. Outwardly those ten months had changed her little — her brilliant, dusk beauty was scarcely dimmed — inwardly it had changed her greatly, and hardly for the better. There had been a long and bitter struggle before she found herself in this safe haven. For months she had drifted about without rudder, or compass, or pilot, on the dark, turbid sea of London. She had come to the great city friendless and alone, with very little money and very little knowledge of city life. She had found lodgings easily enough, cheap and clean, and had at once set about searching for work. On the way up she had decided what she must do — she would become a nursery governess or companion to some elderly lady, or she would teach music. But it was one thing to resolve, another to do. There wore dozens of nursery governesses and companions to, old ladies wanting in the j columns of the Times, but they were not for her. ' Where are your references ?' was ,tlie terrible question that met her at every turn. She had no references, and the doors of the genteel second and third-rate houses shut quietly in her face, Young and pretty, without references, money, or friends, how was she ever to succeed? If she had been thirty, and pockmarked, she might have triumphed even over the reference business; as it was, her case seemed hope less. It was long, however, before her in domitable spirit would yield. Her money ran low, sue pawned several articles 01 jewellery and dress to pay for food and lodging. She grew wan and hollow-eyed in this terrible time — all her life- long she could never recall it without a shudder. Eive months had passed; despair, black, and awful, filled her soul at last. The choice seemed to lie between going out as an ordinary servant and starving. Even as a housemaid she would want this not-to-be-got-over refer ence. In thi.s darkest hour before the dawn she saw Madame Mirebeau's advertisement for sewing girls, and in sheer despair applied. Tall, handsome girls of good address, were just what madamo required, and some how — it was the mercy of tho good God, no doubt — she was taken. For weeks after she was kept under closo surveillance, she was very unlike the young woman who filled such situations — then tho convictions became certainty that Miss Stuart had no sinister designs on the ruby velvets, the snowy satins, and priceless lace of her aristocratic customers — that she really wanted work and was thoroughly capable of doing it. Nature had made Edith an artist in dressmaking ; lior' taste was excellent; madamo became con vinced she had found a treasure. Only one thing Miss Stuart steadfastly refused to do — that was to wait in the shop. , I have reasons of my own for keeping perfectly quiet,' slio said, looking madamo unflinchingly in tho eyes. ' If I stay in tho shop, I may— though it is not likely— be recognised; and then I should bo under tlio necessity of leaving you immediately,' Madame had no wish to lose her very best seamstress, so Miss Stuart had her way. lhe sentimental Erencli woman's own idea was Miss Stuart was a young person of rank and. position, who, owing to some ill-starred love affair, had been obliged to run away and lndo herself from hor friends. However as her hopeless passion in no way interfered with her dressmaking ability, madamo kept her suspicion to herself, and retained her in the work-room. And so, after weary mouths of pain, and shame, and despair, Edith had come safely to land at last. For the past five months her life had flowed along smoothly, dully, un eventfully — going to her work in tho morn ing, returning to her lodging at night — sometimes indulging in a short walk in^ the summor twilight after her tea ; at other times ioo wearied out in body and mind to do other than lie down on tho litto hard bed, and sleep the spent sleep of exhaustion. I That was her outer life; of her inner life what shall I say ? She could hardly havo told in tho after-days!|herself. Somehow strength is givin us to boar all things and live on. Of the man she had married she could not, dare not think — her heart and soul filled with such dark ' and deadly hatred. She abhorred him — it is not t'oo much to say that. The packet of treasured letters written in Now York so long — 0I1, so long ago ! it seemed — became .the 0110 spot of sunsliino in her sunless life. She read them until the words lost all meaning — until she knew every one by heart. She looked at the picturo until tlio half-smiling eyes and lips seemed to mock hor as slio gazed. Tho little turquois brooch, with the likeness, she wore in her bosom night and day — tho first thing to bo kissed in the morning, tho last at night. Wrong, wrong, wrong, you say ; but the girl was desperate and reckless — she did not care. Right and wrong were all confounded in her warped mind ; only this was clear — she loved Charley as she had never loved him before slio became Sir Victor Catheron's bride. He scorned and' despised her; she would never look upon his face again — it did not mooter ; she would go to hor grave loving 'him, his pictured face over her heart, his. name the last upon her lips. ' ' Sometimes, sitting alq-ao in tlio dingy Lon don twilight, there nose before hor a vision of what might h-avo been : Charley, poor as she was now, and she Charley's wife, he working for her, somewhere and somehow, as she know lie gladly would, she keeping their two or? -three tiny rooms in order, and waiting, with lier best dress on, as evening came, to hear his step at the door. She would think until thought became torture, until thought be came actual physical pain. His words, spoken to her that last night she had ever spent at Sandypoint, came back to her full of bitter meaning now : ' Whatever the future brings, don't blame me.' That future]had brought loneliness, and poverty, and despair — all her own fault— her own fault. That was the bitterest sting of all — it was her own wOrk from first to last. . She had dreaded poverty, she had bartered her heart, her life, and him in lier dread of it, and, lo ! such poverty slio had never dreamed of had come upon her. If she had only been true to her self and her own heart, what a happy creature she might have been to-day. But these times of torture were mercifully rare. Her heart seemed numb — she worked too hard to think much— at night she was too dead tired to spend the hours in fruitless anguish and tears. Her life went on in a sort of tread-mill existence ; and, until the coming of Inez Catheron, nothing had occurred to disturb it. Her heart was full of bitter tumult and re volt as siie went back to her work. The dastard ! how dared he ! He was dying, Inez Catheron said, and for lovo of lier. Ball ! she could have laughed in her bitter scorn — what a mockery it was ! If it were true, why, let him die ! Tlie sooner the better — then indeed she would be free. Perhaps Edith had. lost something— heart, conscience — in the pain and shame of the past. All that was soft and for giving in her nature seemed wholly to have died out. He had wronged her beyond all reparation — the only reparation he could make was to die and leave 'her free. Madame's young women were detained half an hour later than usual that evening. A great' Belgravian ball came off next night, and there was a glut of work. They got away at last, half fagged to death, only to find a dull drizzling rain falling, and the murky darkness of early night settling down over the glass-lit highways of London. Miss Stuart bade her companions a brief good-night, - raised her umbrella, and hurried on her way. She did | not observe the waiting figure, muffled from the rain and hidden by an umbrella that had been watching for her, and who instantlv fol lowed lier steps. She hurried, on rapidly and came at last to a part of the street where it was neccessary she should cross. She paused an in stant on the curb-stone, irresolute. Cabs, omnibuses, and hansoms were tearing by in numbers innumerable. It was a perilous passage. She waited two or three minutes, but there was no lull in the rush. Then growing quite desperate in her impatience, she started to. cross. The .crossing was slip pery and wet. ' I say ! look out there, will you !' half a dozen shrill cabbies called, before anfl behind. She grew bewildored — her presence of mind deserted her — she dropped lieu umbrella, and held up her hands instinctively to keep them off. As she did so, two arms grasped her, she felt herself absolutely lifted off her feet, and carried over. But just as tlie curb-stone was reached, something — a carriage pole, it ap peared — struck her rescuer on the head, and felled him to the ground. . As I10 fell, Edith sprang lightly out of his arms, and stood on the pavement, unhurt. The man had fallen'. It was all the driver of tho hansom could do to keep his horse from going over liim. There was shouting and yelling and an uproar directly. A crowd surrounded the prostrate man. X 2001 came up with his baton and auth 0 rity . For Edith, she stood stunned ind bewildered still. She saw tho man lifted and carried into the chemist's near by. Instinctively slio followed— it was in saving her he had como to griof . Slio saw him placed in a cliair, tho mire and blood washed off his face and then, was slio stunned and stupefied still— or was it, was it the face of Sir Victor Catheron ? It was— awfully bloodless, awfully corpse like, awfully like the face of a dead man; but the faco of a man whoso bride slio had been ten months ago — the face of Sir Victor Catheron? She leaned heavily against the counter, feeling giddy 'and sick— tho place swimming around hor. Was he dead? Had he mot his death trying to save hor? ' Blessed if I don't think he's dead and done for,' said tho cliomist. ' It ain't such a bad cut, neither. I say ! does anybody know who he is ?' Nobody knew. Then the keen oyes of X 2001 fell upon Edith, pale and wild-looking with evident terror and recognition in her faco. ' I say, miss, you know, don't you ?' Bobby suggested, politely. 'It was«roskying you i ho got it, you know. You know this 'oro gent, don't you, miss ? Who is ho ?' 'Ho is Sir Victor Catheron.' 'Oh,' said Bobby. ' SirWictor Catheron is lio ? I thonght he was a heavy swell.' Ajid then his eyes took in Edith's very hand some face, and very plain dress, and evident station, and he formed his own surmise. ' Perhaps now, miss, 'you knows, too, whore he ought to bo took ?' ' No,' she answered, mechanically ; ' I don't know. If you search his pockets, you will most likely find his address. You — you don't really think he is dead ?' She came a stop nearer - as she asked the question — her very lips colourless. An hour ago it seemed to her slio had almost wished for his death — now it seemed too horrible. And to meet it saving her, too — after all her thoughts of him. She felt as though she could never bear that. ; ' Well, no, miss, I don't think he is dead,' the chemist answored, ' though I must say ho looks most uncommon like - it. There's is something more the matter with him than this rap on tho. 'ead. Hero's his card «C'.se — now let's sco : Sir Victor Catheron Bart, Fenton's 'Otel.' Fenton's 'Otel. Bobby I say, let's order a cab and have him driven thero.' ' ' Somebody ought to go with him,' said X 2001. ' I can't go — you can't go. I don't suppose now, miss,' looking very doubtful at Edith, ' you could go nutlier ?' ' Is it necessary ?' Edith' asked, with very visible reluctance. Well you see, miss, lie looka uni^m^ohty like a stuff 'un this minute, and if he was to die, by the way or hanytliink, and him hilone ? ' I will go,' interposed Edith, turning away with a sick shudder. ' Call the cab at once.' A four- wheeler was summoned— the insen sible young baronet was carried out and laid, as comfortably as might be, on the back scat'. Edith followed utterably against her will; but liow' was she to help it? He was her worst enemy, but even to one's worst enemy common humanity at times must bo shown. It would be brutal to let him go alone. ' Don't you be afraid, miss,' the chemist said cheerfully ; ' he an't dead yet. He's only stunned like, and will come round all right directly.' ' Fenton's, Bill,' and the cab rattled off. CHAPTER IV. » * HOW THEY PARTED. That ride — all her life it came back to her like a bad- nightmare. She kept her eyes turned away as much as she could from that rigid form and ghastly face opposite, but in spite of herself they would* wander back. What Miss Catheron had said was true, then — he was dying — death was pictured in his face. What if, after all, there was some sec ret strong enough to make his conduct in leaving her right ? She had thought it over and wondered and wondered, until her brain was dazed, but she could not hit on any solution. She could not now — it was not right. Whatever the secret was, he liad known it before I10 married her — why had he not left her then — why, in leaving her after, had he not explained ? There was no excuse for him, none ; and, in spite of the white, worn lace that pleaded for him, her heart hardened once more — hardened until she felt neither pity- nor pain. They reached the hotel. Jamison, the valet, came down, and recoiled at sight of his mas ter's long-lost wife. 'My lady!' he faltered, starring as though he had seen a ghost. 'Your master has met with an accident, Jamison,' Edith said, calmly, ignoring the title. How oddly it sounded to hor. 'You had better have him conveyed to his room and send for a; 'surgeon. And, if Lady .Helena is in town ? ' 'Lady Helena is in town, my lady. Will — — ' Jamison hesitated. ' Will younot come ? in,?' my lady, and wait until her ladyship comes ?' Again for a moment Edith hesitated and thought. It would bo necessary for some one to explain — she cauld not go away, either, without knowing whether the injury he had received were fatal or not, since that injury was received in her service. She set her lips, and alighted. 'I will remain until Lady Helena arrives. Pray lose no time in sending for her.' ' I will send immediately, my lady,' answ ered Jamison, respectfully. ' Thompson,' to a waiter, ' show this lady to a parlour at once.' And then Edith found herself following a gentlemanly sort of man in black, down a long hall, up a great staircase, along a corridor, and into an elegant private parlour/ The man lighted the gas and went, and then she was alone. She sat down to. think. What a strange adventure it had been. She had wished for her freedom — it' seemed as though it were near at: hand, one shuddered ana shrank from herself. ' What a wretch I am,' she thought; '.what a vile creature I must be ! If he dies, I shall feel as, though I had murdered him.' How long the1 hours and half -hours, told off on the clock, seemed - — eight, nine, ten — would Lady Helena never come .? It was a long way to ISt. John's Wood, but sho might surely bo here by this time. It was lialf-past ten, and, tired out thinking, tired out with her day's work, she had fallen into -1 sort of uneasy sleep and fitful dream in her chair, when she sud denly became half conscious of some one near lier. She had been dreaming of Sandypoint, of i quarreling with her cousin. 'Don't, Charley !' she said petulantly, aloud, and the sound of her own voice awoke lier fully. She started up, bewildered for-a second, and found herself face to face with Lady Holona.. With Lady Helena, looking very pale and sorrow ful, with tear- wet eyes and cheeks. ;;|Sho had been watching Edith for tho past fivo minutes silently and sadly. The girl's dream was pleasant, a lialf-smilo parted her lips. Then she had moved restlossly. 'Don't, Charley !' she said distinctly, and awoke. \It was of him, then, sho was dreaming-— thoughts of him had brought to her lips that happy smile. The heart of the elder woman contracted with a sharp sense of pain. ?'.'Lady Helena!' ' Edith !' . Sho took the girl's hand in both her. own, and looked kindly' at her. She had liked her very much in the days gone by, though sho had never wished her nephew to marry lier. And sho could hardly blame her very greatly, under the circumstances, if hoi- dreams wore of the man sho loved, not of the bride'grdom who had left her. ' I— I think I fell asleep,' Edith said, con fusedly ; ' I was very tired, and it all seemed so quiet and tedious hero. How is he?' : ' Better, and asleep — they gavo him an opiate. Ho knows nothing of your being here. It; was very good of you to como, my child.' ' It was nothing moro than a . duty of common humanity. It was impossible to avoid coming,' Edith answered, and then briefly and rather coldly sho narrated how tho 'acci- dent had taken place. 'My poor boy!' was all Lady Helena said, but thero was a licart-sob in every word ; ' he would die gladly to save you a moment's pain, and yet it lias been his bittor lot to inflict tho worst pain of your life. My poor child, yon can't understand, aiid wo can't explain — it must seem very hard and incomprehensible to you, but ono day you will know all, and you will do him justice at last. Ah, Edith! if you had not refused Inez— if you wero only not so proud, if you would take what is your right and your due, I10 might bear this separa tion until Heaven's good time. As it is, it is killing him.' ? ' Ho looks very ill,' Edith said ; ' what is the matter with him?' ' Heart disease — brought on by mental suffering. No words can toll what ho has undergone since his most miserable wedding day. It 'is known only to Heaven and him self, but it lias taken his life. As surely as ever a human heart broke, his broke on the day he left you. And now, my poor child — you havo suffered too.' ? ' Of that we will not speak,' tho girl answered proudly ; ' what is done, is done. For mc I hope the worst is over — I am safe and well, and in noaica, as, you sco. 1 am glad Sir Victor Catheron has not met his death in my service. I have only one wish regarding him, and that is that he will keep away from me. And now, Lady Helena; be fore it grows any hater, I will go homo.' ? ?' Go homo ! At this hour ? Most certainly you will not. You will remain lier all night. Oh, Edith, you must indeed. A room has been prepared for you, adjoining mine. Inez and Jamison will remain with Victor until morning, and — you ought to see him before you go.' Sho shrank in a sort of horror. 'No, no, no {-that I cannot! As it is so late I will remain, but see him— no, no ! Not 'even for your, sake, Lady Helena, can I do that. , ' We will wait until to-morrow comes,' was Lady Helena's, response; 'Now you shall go to your room at once.' She rang tlie boll, a chambermaid came. Lady Helena kissed the girl's pale cheek affectionately, and Edith was led away to tho room sho was to occupy for that night. It was certainly a contrast in its size and luxurious appointments to that she had used for the last ton months. She smiled a little as sho turned around. And she was to spend the night under tho samo roof with Sir Victor Catheron. If any one had predicted it this morning, how scornfully she would have re fused to believe it. 'Who can tell what a day may bring forth !' was Edith's last thought as sho laid her head on her pillow. 'l am glad — very glad that the accident will not prove fatal. I don't want him or any one else to come to his death through me.' She slept well and soundly, and awoke late. She sprang out of bed almost instantly and dressed. She could but illy afford to lose a day. Before her toilet was quite completed there was a tap at the dopr. She opened it, and saw Miss Catheron. ' I fancied you would by up early, and or dered breakfast accordingly. Aunt Helena awaits you downstairs. How did you sleep ?' 'Very well.' And you— you, wero up all night, I suppose ?' 'Yes. I don't mind it at all, though — I am quite use to night watching. Aud I have the reward of knowing that Victor is much better — entirely out of danger indeed. Edith,' she laid her hands on the girl's shoulders and looked down into her eyes, '' he knows you are here.' Will you be merciful to a dying man and see liini ?' She changed colour and shrank a little, but she answered proudly and coldly : ' No good can come, of it. It will bo much better not ; but, for my part, I care littlo. If he wishes to urge, what you came to urge, I warn you, I will not listen to a word ; I will leave at once.' - ' He will not urge it. He knows how obdurate you are, how fruitless it would be. All, Edith! you are a terribly haughty, self willed girl. He will not detain you a moment — 110 wislios to make but one parting I'equest.' ' ' I can grant nothing — nothing,' Edith said with agitation. ' You will grant this, I think,' the other answered sadly. ' Come dear child, lot us go down ; Lady Helena waits.' They descended to breakfast ; Edith ate little. In spite of herself, in spite of her pride and self-command, it shook hor a little — the thought of speaking to him. But how was she to .refuse ? She rose at' last, very pale, very stern and resolute looking ? — tho sooner it was over,- and sho was gono, the better. '' ' Now.' she said, 'if you insist— — ' 'I do insist,' answered Inez, steadlv. ' Come.' She led her to a door down tho corridor and rapped. How horribly thick and fast Edith's heart beat; she hated herself for it. Tho door opened, and tho grave, professional face of Mr. Jamison looked out. ' Tell Sir Victor Lady Catheron is here and will see him.' The man bowed and departed. Another instant and he was again before them. ' Sir Victor begs my lady to enter at once.' Then Inez Catheron took her in hor arms and kissed hor. It was her farewell. Sho pointed forward and hurried away. Edith went in. A door and curtain separated her from the iuner room. Sho opened one, lifted the other, and husband and wife wero faco to face. Ho lay upon a low sofa — the room was parti ally darkened, but oven in that semi-darkness she could see that I10 looked quite as ghastly and bloodless this morning as I10 had last night. She paused about half-way down tho room and spoke : ' You wished to see me, Sir Victor Cath eron ?' . Cold and calm tho formal words foil. 'Edith!' ? / His answer was a cry — a cry wrung from, a soul full of lovo' and anguish untold. It struck homo, even to her heart, steeled against him and all feeling of pity. ' I am soiry to see you so ill. I am glad your accident is no worse.' ?. Again sho spoke, stiff, formal, commonplaco words, that soundod horribly out of place, oven to horsolf. ' Edith,' ho repeated, and no words can toll tho pathos, tho despair, of that ory, ' for; givo me — havo pity on mo. You liato mo, and I desorvo your hate; but, oh! if you know, even you would havo morcy and relent !' Ho touched- lier in spito of herself. Evon. a heart of stone might havo Boftoned at the sound of that despairing, heart-wrung voi«B — at sight of that death-like tortured faco. And Edith's, whatever sho might say or think, was not a heart of stono. ' I do pity you,' sho said, very gently ; ' I never thought to — but from my soul I dot But, .forgivo you ! No, Sir Victor Catheron. ; I am only mortal. I havo beon wronged ancl humiliated as no girl was over wronged anil humiliated before. I can't do that.' He coverod his face with his hands — «ho could hoar tho dry sobbing sound of his word less misery. ' ' It would havo boon better if I had not cOme here,' she said still gently. 'You aro ill and this excitement 'will make you worso. But they insisted upon it — they said you liavo a request to make. I think yon, had better not make it — I can grant nothing — nothing. 'You will grant this,' lie answered, lifting his face aud using the word Inez had used. ' It is only that when I am dying, aud sencl for you on my death-bed, you will como to mc. Before I die I must tell you all — tho terrible secrets ; I dare not toll you in lifo ; and then, 0I1 surely, surely you will pity, and forgivo ! Edith, my love, my darling, leave mo this 0110 hope, give mo this one promise before you go ?' I promise i to como.'_was hor answer; 'I promise to listen — I can promise no more, ii week ago I thought I would havo died sooner than plcdgo myself to that much — sooner than look in your face, or speak to you ono word. And now Sir Victor Catheron, farc woll.' She turned to go without waiting for his reply. As she opened the door, sho heard a wailing cry that struck chill with pity and terror to her inmost - heart. 'Oh, my- lovo! my bride! my wife!' — then tho door closed behind lior— she heard and saw no moro. So they had mot and parted, aud only death could bring them together again. She passed out into tho sunshine and splendour of tho summer morning dazed and cold, lior whole soul full of untold compassion for the man she had left. (To be continued .) 