[?] Society audi fashion. « ' BY RITA. The following constitute the vice regal engagements from the 7th to the 17th inst. Wednesday, 7th August— His Excellency opened Mildura Soci- ety's Show, 1.30 p.m.; his Excellency and suite visited Carlton; to inaugurate local Arbor Day, plant trees, 4.15; his Excellency and suite attended St. Kilda Yacht Club ball. Thursday, 8th— His Excellency presided at the .annual meet ing friends of Women's Hospital, Town Hall, 4.15. Friday, 9th— His Excel lency and suite visited Poultry and Dog Show, Exhibition Building, 4.30; his Excellency, attended by - two A.D.CS., dined with Sir Arthur Snpwden, Town Hall, 7.30 p.m. Saturday, 10th— His Excellency and suite attended V.A.T.C. meeting, Caulfield. Wednesday, 14th — His Excellency and suite attended ball Prahran Town Hall, 9 p.m., local cha rities. Thursday, 15th— His Excellency and suite attended concert Conservato- rlum of Music at the concert hall, 8 p.m., Lady Madden distributed prizes exhibition pf needlework, Independent Hall, Russell street, 2.30 p.m. Satur day, 17th— His Excellency and suite at tend the Victorian Club races at Caul- field. I am requested to intimate that guests attending Lady Madden's fancy dress ball on the 23rd inst. are particu larly requested to write on the back of their invitation cards the characters they appear in, in order to facilitate a proper description of the dresses worn. On the 7th inst., a ball, given under the auspices ¥ of the St. .Kilda Yacht Club, took place in the St. Kilda Town Hall. The decorations were pro fuse and effective. Variety was given to them by the introduction of oars, life buoys, and other adjuncts of nau tical life. Photographs of the club's yachts were in prominent positions, and from the balcony fluttered pennants of many colors. A yacht occupied a place of honor in the balcony opposite the platform. Pot plants, the club's colors (red and white) in art fabrics, and fairy lights completed the decorations, which were not only artistic, but original. Oyston's band played the dance music, and refreshments were served all the evening from a prettily decorated buf fet. The space reserved for the vice regal party was handsomely furnished and decorated. Sir John Madden and suite arrived about 9 o'clock. Lady Madden was too indisposed to be pre sent. The first set was danced by his Excellency the Acting-Governor and Mrs G. Turner ; Commodore Hall and Miss Clarke; Mr. FitzGibbon and Lady Clarke; Mr Thomas and Mrs M'Mullen ; Mr. Jacoby and Mrs, , S. Campbell and Mrd Jacoby; MrTThpne- \ mann and Mvs.f Thonemann ; Council- lor Moore and Mrs; FGjlbrf . jV ef y handsome toil4tte W£re the r.uje Noticeable amon1lsC>these JSEgrgf >ne' dresses worn by the Mifeses Sjwa and Ruby Madden, who wore--mhelV satin dresses trimmed with chiffon; .Lady Clarke's gown was of black velvet and white satin ; Miss Clarke's dress was of resida silk ; Mrs FitzGibbon wore black brocade ; Mrs G. Turner, yellow satin; Lady Berry, black satin ; Miss Berry, grey silk.; Miss Berry, white satin ; Lady Benjamin, black vel vet ; Misses Turner, pink 'broche ; Mrs Jacoby, terra cotta brocade ; Miss Jacoby, orange - colored satin ; Miss Moore, pink faille ; Miss Jamieson, white satin ; Mrs M'Mullen, black brocade. The Albert Park Rowing Club gave their annual ball the same evening in the South Melbourne Town Hall, which was elaborately decorated, on somewhat similar lines to the St. Kilda Town Hall. Boats, flags, and nautical things were in evidence, and a scull boat was sus pended from the southern gallery. There was an excellent band, and light re freshments were served in an ante room. Some people who had spent the earlier portion of the evening at the St. Kilda ball arrived at the Albert Park Club's ball later. The ball was a great success, for which the following gentle men are mainly responsible, viz;, Messrs Henderson, Allen, Leyden, Ballantyne, Mould, Swale, Swale, and Macfarlane. Amongst those who wore smart gowns were — Miss Marshall, pink silk ; Miss Powell, black silk; Miss Derham, black satin; Mrs Knight, black satin ;; Miss Webb, yellow silk; Mrs H. Outten, black faille; Mrs Pearce, black silk ; Miss Malder, lilac silk; Mrs Hemming, black toilette; Mrs Jeffs, pink silk. A ball was given in the Masonic Hall, Collins street, on the .6th inst., by the Ma Mie Rosette .Club. There was a good attendance, and- Miss A. Cohen, the honorary secretary, worked hard to make the ball the success it was. - The music was up to date, the refreshments of the daintiest, and the dresses Very handsome. Miss Alice Cohen wore green brocade; Miss Agnes Cohen, white crepon and silk; Miss E. Blashki, white crepon ; Miss Solomon, cream broche ; Miss Loel, all blue faille ; Miss Alex ander, pink silk; Miss E. Herman, pink crepon; Mrs Hyams, cream brocade ; Mrs L. Cohen, cream brocade; Miss Marks, white sik; Miss Blashki, black silk; Mrs J. Waxman, green silk; Mrs A. Levi, black broche. Mrs S. T. Staughton- gave another At Home at . St. Neot's, . Domain street, South Yarra, on the 7th inst. There was the usual large 'attendance of fashionable people, amehgst whom Mrs Htaughton's delightfulWednesday af ter- -/ v\ noons are very popular. The bail room wasbeautifullydecoratedwithglematis -and ferns. Here the guests assembled after tfiey had been received by' Mrs Staughton-and her daughters to listen, to a musical programme contributed by Herr Hattenbach, who is much in re quest at musical homes. Miss Greig, Miss Stevenson, Miss -Mais, Mrs F. Stephen, Mr G. Paxton, and Mr Hutchinson. Light refreshments were served all the afternoon in the break fast-room, which was prettily deco rated. This week the leading drapers have been showing us what is to be fashion able during the next few months. Quite functions these shows have become. One is perfectly certain to see the elite of our city conning the styles, and eager to be amongst he first to make their se lections. For the many who have not yet seen the spring novelties, I will make a few jottings about points I re member — points the necessity of giving place to descriptions prevented me from descanting upon when writing of the shows. In dress materials, woollen ere- pons are the rage. Very dressy they look, too. Alpaca should be just the very thing for this climate — lighter and cooler than the linens and not half the summer at the laundry. Some French gowns of alpaca, made up with other materials, looked very stylish. There is something new in collars to note— a change from the eternal folded velvet. The front of the collar turns over in front in large points, inside tabs of ribbon are arranged to fall over, or a frill, of one of the materials composing the dress is brought up in a careless way. For capes, very pretty ruffles of chiffon are fashionable, with flowers catching up the chiffon at intervals. These floral collarettes may be had de tached to wear with any dress. This is to be a season for capes. Smart ones in all materials are seen. One of the daintiest that I saw was caught up on the shoulders to allow the huge sleeves of the blouse to remain in view; Some of the satin and velvet collarettes are cut in long points to fall over the sleeves and down the centre. The capes are not deep, but as wide round as we have sometimes worn our skirts — three yards. Yet the "cut" is such that they fall over the shoulders the merest trifle. Hats are being trimmed all round in much the same way in many cases, and a prodigious lot of stuff they take. Large bows of handsome ribbon, bunches of :arge flowers! You have no idea how gay the rooms look with the bright colored millinery turning them,, into veritable flower gardens. It is to be a very "gay" season in the matter of bright colored head gear. The straws themselves are all the colors of the rainbow to start with, some are shot. Then on this basis ribbons, shot — chi- fons, shot too — flowers of gorgeous tints, not always colored after nature, not always, the flowers we are used to in millinery — bright feathers, wide blades of grass; lace, diamond ornaments are built up! How will you like wearing them? The hats and bonnets are trimmed to set out on each side. They suit some people wonderfully. The best authori ties tell me that though Melbourne la dies are at once adopting these hats, they are setting their faces against dressing their hair in bandeaux. The fashion where these same hats come from — Paris. Do you know the shape of Napoleon's hat? You will by the time you have done your shopping. One of the leading styles is in that shape. They are in red, blue and green straws, and trimmed out much at the side with bright flowers. Awfully chic, perhaps, but taking great liberties with the se verely plain style of the great man's j hat. You see these are the sort of things ' women do on the quiet; then, smiling beneath a hat that would make Napo leon's ghost blush, calmly plead for more liberty. Entre nous the fashion able woman ought to be charged double fare for travelling this summer, for by the time she has spread her . godet skirt and butterfly sleeves, she will have fillgd the space that would do for two men. Well, the men can stand — and pay. This will not alter the fact that they are the oppressors and we the oppressed. A meeting" of the ladies of the "Pro duce" stall at the forthcoming artists' carnival was held on the 6th inst., and there was a very large ' atten dance. Mrs F. G. Mason, was in the Chair. Those present handed to the secre taries a. very favorable report of goods and donations promised. The costumes chosen are from the Norman- Saxon pe riod. It was decided to hold a grand con cert and tableaux at the Victorian Ar tists' Galleries, on Friday, 16th inst., in aid of the stall, admission, Is. Some of the leading vocalists have kindly con sented to assist. Miss Eloise Juno, has very generously undertaken .to arrange the tableaux. - The Mayor of St. Kilda and Mrs. Connibere have issued invitations for a concert in the St. Kilda Town Hall, on the 19th. . His Excellency, .Sir John and Lady Madden and suite will be present. The Malvern Gymnastic Club will hold a Cinderella in the Armadale Hall on the 28th inst. in aid of its funds. A quiet wedding was celebrated at the Scots' Church, Collins street, on the 7th inst., when- Dr Marshall united Miss, Sarah Clarke, third daugh ter of Mr D. G. Clarke, of "Richmond Vale," Carrajong, arid of Clarke street, Richmond, and Mr James Robertson, youngest son of the late Mr John Rob ertson, of "Straun House," Narracoorte South Australia, in matrimony. A small company of invited guests witnessed the ceremony, after which wedding tea was served at the residence of the bride's parents, Richmorid. Only rela tives and " intimate friends were pre sent. Afterwards Mr and Mrs Robert son left on a secret honeymoon, the bride's travelling gown being a smartly made tweed. Many handsome presents were received from Victorians and peo ple in South Australia, where the bride and bridegroom will reside. Questions ' that have been put to me about Lady Madden's fancy dress ball are answered in the following. Powder and patches can be worn at pleasure. They are not imperative. It depends upon the character. Ladies should not attempt to powder their own 'hair. The attempt is never satisfactory. They come out like - zebra® or mottled. Any barber will arrange the hair to suit the character, and powder it evenly and properly. Masks are not to be 'worn. This being so, anyone presenting him self in one would run the risk of the orderly at the door requesting him to remove it. That is the only answer I can give "Civil Service," who asks "would it be proper to go in a mask if it were part of the make up of the character assumed." Since it is not a bal masque, it would not be right to seek to appear masked.. The ball is for children, the adults who are to be present are those who are invited be- ; cause of their ..official positions, their relationship to the vice-regal family, and so forth. This explains "Mater," why you received invitations for your children and your friend invitations for herself and children. On the 8th inst., another of the Brighton subscription dances, in aid of the funds of the local Ladies' Bene volent Society, took place in the Brigh ton Town Hall. It was the same success as the last dance under the same auspices. The annual meeting of the Ladies' Work Association was held on 5th inst.. at the Town Hall, Sir John Madden presiding. A satisfactory report show ed that this useful society is doing good work among poor gentlewomen. Af terwards the committee entertained visitors at afternoon tea at their rooms, the Block. Another sale of work is pro jected in the near future, and the society is endeavoring to extend its sphere of usefulriss by finding employ ment as teachers, etc., for members. Blouses of all kinds are to be a fea-: ture this season. The silk ones are the smartest. Some: lovely ones in China silk, blouse silk, and various fancy silks have been displayed by Messrs Rob- ertsori and Moffat since I was through at the private view before show day. The plaited front with large paste but tons is varied hy frills, lace, yokes, in sertions of l/ice over bright colored silks, etc. Indeed till one has seen the show of blouses, no two alike in style, one would not conceive it possible to have- such a variety of the genus blouse. A tea jacket in pale blue brocade, made with half sleeves, finished with deep frills of white la,ee. and white chiffon vest and plaited collar inside- a high collar of the- brocade is ft picture.. So delicate and stylish. Some exquisite tea gowns are shown — one of pink and i moss green attracts the eye on entering this department. Right down the room ' a line of charming models is displayed. , They tempt me to enter into long de- ; scriptions. Still, however much our \- fancy may wander to tea gowns, tea jackets and other fascinatingthings.we ! must come" back to where we started— blouses — for everyone must possess a silk one this summer, and here there is such an enormous array at moderate prices, too. On the evening of 9th inst. the hori. Mrs Rupert Carington gave a musical "at home " at the residence of Mrs Hors- fall, "Alvie," Clendon road, Toorak. About one hundred and twenty guests were present, including the hon. Mrs W Cavendish, Lady O'Loghlen, Lady Clark, . Lady Holled Smith, Mrs G. Neville, Mrs Robert Power and Mrs N. Fitzgerald. The rGoms were very prettily de corated, _ jonquils being used in the drawing rocm. The dining room, where refreshments were served, and the tables were adorned with wattle blossom and snowdrops. Daffadils and daisies were the flowers chat embellished the sitting room. The smok ing room was profusely bedecked with almond blossoms. Thus the suite of rooms was a mass of fragrant bloom, added to which ferns ' and art draperies completed an excellent de corative effect. Admirable arrangements had been made for the entertainment of the guests. Madame Genevieve, a palmist, predicted nice things to visitors ; to her temple. Herr Plock's band played bright selections during the evening when contributions were not being given by such favorite artists as Mrs Palmer, Signor Buzzi and Signorina Rebottaro. The At Home was a brilliant success. 