Mas m& J- Mtfa*. WHOSE WAS THE HAND? By MISS 1L E. BRADDON. Aothtir of ' Lady Audley'a Secret, ' ' Vixen,' 'IshnueU' 'like and Unlike,' 'The Fatal Three,' 'The Day Will Come,' &c.; (A-LL KIGHTS RESLRVED.) Chapter UL—f Continued. I The adjourned inquiry evolved very little additional information. Much of the original evidence was repeated, but no new facts had been discovered relative to the murderer, except Mr. Walker'u repudiation of any knowledge of such, a nuui's existence. No imm of that name had ever been employed in Mr. Walker'a workshops in CornhilL The police np to this time totally failed in their effort* to trace either the missing man or the .missing notes. The murder not having been discovered until a day and a half after it had been done, and the murderer had had ample time to cross the Channel before the police were on his track. He would probably endeavour to dispose of the uotes in Holland or in 'iJennany, and perhaps leave ilennany for America. The London police were in communication with their brotherhood on the Continent, and all suspicious departures would be noted. The large reward which had been offered by the widow of the deceased was calculated to stimulate the energies of Scotland Yard ; bat the efforts of Scotland Yard resulted only in the following up of various faUe BcentB, all alike leading to disap pointment and disgust. The one scent which, if it could have been followed while it was warm, should hare led to the apprehension of the murderer, was a lost Bcent, because the lapse of time had made it cold before the Scotland Yard pack could be laid on. Ten days after the murder there came ^ommnnications from the Credit Lyonnois at THice, from, the Credit Lyonnais at Cannes, .-and from Mr. Smith's Bank at Monte Carlo, which disposed of the question as to what had become of the money which should have been ipud for yonng Squire Floreetan's river - ?meadowa, the bundle of notes which Robert Hatrell had pocketed so gaily that summer dtftenaoon after his cheery luncheon at the Bait. In the morning of July 7, an elderly woman had called at Credit Lyonnais at Cannes to ex^Mige two notes £500 each for French money. -She ir&s; a person of ladylike ap pearanoe and Manners, spoke French with a Parisian ttsoent, cud impressed the cashier as a personage Ao whom the utmost respect was due. She was very particular in exacting the fullest rate of exchange for her thousand pounds, and seemed to take a miserly delight in the SKtfll gain made on the transaction. She informed the cashier, en passant, that she had hired a villa in the Qoartier de Califoraie, ? and that she retired the greater part of this .money to pay the season's rent in advance. : Sfce added also, ett passant, that the people of 'Caues were usurious in their insistence upon ? payment beforehand from a tenant whose i integrity and whose means it was impossible 'to doubt. This was said with an air of quiet ? dignity which confirmed the cashier in his i idea that he was dealing with a peraonace. These details were communicated later in 'confidential talk with the detective who ^followed up the clue ; the miin fact tele graphed to Scotland Yard was the fact that :snch and snch notes bad been turned into iFrench money. 'larger transaction. Ad elderly lady of aris ?toeratic appearance had called at die English IBank there Ute on the afternoon of July 7, And bod changed three Bank of England motes icr £500 each, taking in exchange Eoaniihi&fctes;, twenty franc pieces, and large gold pieces of a hundred francs, which make so line a display in a rouleau ou a trtnte el quarvMe table. Here, as at, Nice, the cashier had beta tmpreeaed by die lady's distinction of manner and perfect tavoir jiiire. The easy way in which ske handled a five hundred pound note indicated long experience of wealth. A gambler evidently, thought the gamble without any sordid anxiety as to the remit ; a person whose presence did honour to the delightful little settlement ou the rock. From Nice came a third telegram. Elderly woman exchanged two notes, such and aucb numbers as advertised, for £500, and one, aim number as advertised, £250, on July 9, at 11 o'clock a,m., at the Credit LyounaR A letter following telegram informed the authorites of Scotland Yard that the elderly tFoman in question was of distinguished ap jKArance, speak ing French perfect ly, and supposed by the cashier to be a Frenchwoman. ?the ueteS that she bad bought a plot of land at BejuiUeu, with the intention of building a .villa there* and she preferred to pay for it in [Fre&di; money. The seller was an ignorant ?man, who seemed never to have seen a Bank .of England note; and there was also the advantage upon the exchange. Again, as to ? Cannes, the distinguished elderly lady showed ihersetf eager of the utmost profit upon the .exchange. The money taken from the murdered man iWas thus accounted for — within a huudred ?odd poanda. The odd money being in smaller notes might easily be disposed of with -out (leaving any trace in the memory of the ?people who received it. There could be very '.tittle doubt that tbe elderly lady of Cannes eras identical with the elderly lady at Nice 4U)d Monte Carlo. Her description as given by &he; three cashiers taliied in every particular, especially in the trifling detail of a rattier noticeable mole just above the outer corner of the left eyebrow, and in another detail as to the lady's hands, which were remarkable for their whiteness and delicacy cf form — handa winch had gone a. long way towards suggesting the idea of the lddv'a patrician birth and refined breeding to the minds of the three cashierp. One of the cleverest detectives in London charged himself with the task of following tbe trial of this nameless lady, taking ap the thread at Nice after a quarter-past eleven upon the Sth July, which was the time of her latest recorded appearance. It needed a good deal of close work in the way of inquiry at nearly every hotel in the city to discover that an elderly Frenchwoman of good appearance spent the night of the 7th July at the Hotel de Paris, that her only luggage consisted of a hand-bag, neither large nor heavy, that she went oat soon after ten o'clock on the morning of the Sth, lunched In her own room at twelve, and left the hotel at a quarter to one in a cab, which called for her at the Don, carrying her bag with her, after duly paying her buX Neither porter nor waiter had observed the number of the cab, nor had anyone heard her direction to the driver. It was supposed she was going to the railway station, and the hour at which she left suggested that she was go«ng in the Kapide from Ventenville to Paris. As the aforesaid Rapide stops at nearly every station between Nice and Marseilles the lady's range alight —would be wide; bat there was a general idea that any person so ill -id vised as to leave Nice was hardly likely to stop till he or she came to Paris. Between Nice and Paris there was particularly nothing— a wide area of orange trees *fa Bhore, and mountain chain— &n; insignificant! watering place or two —Cannes, St. Raphael— a shipbuilding settle ment ? and a seaport — but for pleasure, for gaiety, for movement, for tbe lovers of opera, play- house, and little horses, absolutely nothing. The intelligent detective visited Monte Carlo and siw the cashier at Mr. Smith's Panki He went into the rooms and talked to the attendants. He met an acquaintance or two also on business ; but he could find out nothing more about the elderly lady. He went to Cannes, and put the Cannes cashier through a kind of Socratic dialogue in the way of close questioning, but could get no more than his been already told. A house to house visitation of the hotels resulted in the discovery that an elderly Frenchwoman, travelling alone, had descended at the Hotel de France on the afternoon of the 7th, arriving doubtless by the train that comes into Cannes between three and four o'clock. She had dined alone in her room, had gone out next morning before eleven, had lunched and paid her bill, and left the hotel in a cab a little before two o'clock. There was nothing to show where the woman had gone when she left Nice. Inquiries at the station there had been with out result of any kind. Whether she had turned her face towards the Italian frontier — or whether she bad gone by Marseilles to Paris— or had stopped at Marseilles— or had turned westward aud crept by slow trains down to Biarritz or Bordeaux — there was no power could help the intelligent gentleman from Scotland Yard to discover. She was gone. From her appearance at the Hotel de France at Cannes to her disappearance from the Hotel de Paris at Nice she had been alone. No mortal had been seen to hold converse with her — whose ever accomplice she might be she had been trusted to carry out her '* The bond between her and the murderer must be very tight,' mused the detective, ' or he would never trust taer with the whole of his plunder. It's my belief that she has gone to Paris, and that he was to meet her in Paris ; but how to look for a man of whose antecedents 1 know nothing, and of whose appearance I know only the vague impressions of three or four people who all describe him differently, is a problem beyond my in tellectual powers.' He thought it worth bis while, nevertheless, to spend the beat part of a week in Paris, and in professional circles where, if ingenuity and lone experience of crimimil ways aud windings have obtained one ; bnt no clue was to be found. The Ariadne to thread this labyrinth All the detective's researches among doubt ful characters and the places which they are known to haunt, all his long hoars of patient hanging about at railway stations, in they drink mysterious liquors called by suspected quarter and in that, were bat fruitless labour. He could see nothing and he the description of tbe man who had announced himself aa a Swiss watchmaker at tbe Den mark-street lodging-house. The detective pursued his researches at such person lately embarked on one of the leave that port. Such a man might have tive in the description of tbe murderer to ?? It's hard lines for a. man to let aach a. chance slip through his fingers,'' the detective said to himself, ' but I don't believe any man will ever grow rich out of reward for the dis covery of Mr. Hatrcirs murderor. The job was too neatly done, and the people in it were Chapter IV. -How Won.i- Sue Hear It? The public interest in the Denmark-street murder gradually diminished, and finally ex dead, dying for want of nutriment. The because the victim was a gentleman, a man of means and position, and above all, a man of unblemished character. Next because it was a Bhock to society in general to discover that a man of undoubted courage and power ful physique could be assassinated in broad daylight, in a decent London street, amidst the going and coming of respectable working people, and that his murderer could escape unchallenged with his plunder. There were a good many leading articles in the newspapers upon the subject of Robert HatreU's untimely fate. The Denmark-street mystery was served up to the British public, which gloats over all snch mysteries, with every variety of journalistic saacs, and the British public were told, as they had been very often told before, that they were living tn a corrupt and degenerate age, that snch crimes as the Denmark -street murder were tbe natural outcome of luxurious habits in the upper middle classes, and unspeakable corrup tion in the aristocracy, a depth of degradation under a veneer of refinement whereby was naturally engendered the spirit of revolt in the najww. The British public was informed that a wave of crime was passing over England, and th&t; a savage lust of blood and gold was in the air, and the Br.ti-h public was further more called upon to take warning by these monstrous developments of our nineteenth century civilisation, and in a general way to mend its manners. These voices cry in- in the wilderness of London life the British public beard with but a languid interest. The one point that did interest them, after the natural curiosity as to the why and the how of Robert Hatrell's death, »as the point that London was not altogether a place devoid of danger to human Ule even in broad daylight, that a man might at any unguarded moment be lured within four walls and subbed to death. There were some who argued that there most have been some dark spot in Mr. Hatrell's history, or he would not so readily have followed an unknown There must have been something in the dead man's relations with the woman called Antoinette, which made it a matter of life and death to him to go wherever she summoned him. Otherwise, bearing in mind that he was od hjg way to an important business appoint ment, and that he had focr thousand pounds in his breast pocket, it must needs seem strange that he should be so easily turned aside. So argued society, shaking its head sagely at dinner tables, where men and women's natural interest in the tragedy of human life sometimes gets the better of that good taste which would exclude such subjects of con versation from refined assemblies. Summer was gone, and it was late autumn, and the outside world had forgotten Robert Hatrell— -had forgotten him just when his widow was waking from a long, dull dream of agony to the reality of her irreparable loss. The wood? along the valley of the Thames were clothed in russet and gold, and Clieve den's glades were strewn with fallen leaves. The mists of autumn rose in the early evening pale and ghost-like along tbe river- meadows, and the horses on the tow-path and the ripple of water against the sides of the barge had a ghostly sound in tbe obscure greyness, through which boat and horse came slowly, as if moving in secret under tbe veil of night. It was a mild and lovely day at the begin ning of October when Clara Hatrell left tbe funeral on the eleventh of July. She had insisted on following him to his grave in Lamford Churchyard, and she had borne her self with extraordinary fortitade through oat tbe funeral service, had stood by the grave till the last ceremony had been performed, tbe wreath of summer flowers laid in its place, and then she had gone quietly back to the bouse where the happiest years of her married life had been spent and had gone to her room without a word, save one gentle murmur of thanks to the sister who bad been at her side on that trying day. Her sister followed her up stairs, heard her lock the door of her room, and after listening outside for some minutes clergyman of the parish, ibe family lawyer, and Ambrose Arden were assembled. 'I don't know what to do abont Clara,' she Si id anxiously, **Bbe has locked herself in her room, and I don't feel I hat it is right to self upon her, one cannot tell what to do for tbe best ; it may be better perhaps that she should be alone with her grief.' ' Mrs. Hatrell is a woman of deep religious feeling,' said the priest, 'she will not be alone. Sjhe has been borue up wonderfully this day. The tame Power will be with her in theBolitude of her room. It might be well to leave her alone for an hour or two, Mrs. Talbot. After a period of solitary prayer the will be glad of the comfort of your sisterly ' Yea, I think you are right. I will leave her to herself for a time, poor dear thing.' Mrs. Talbot was an elder Bister, who had married six years before Clara, made her debut in society. She had married a rising physician who had now risen to tbe fashionable level, the West End of London. Mrs. Talbot had a. nursery and a schoolroom to look after, and a widely comprehensive visiting list, beginning with duchesses and dwindling down to struggling young women in the musical, literary, and dramatic line. She had an ex acting bufibaad, albeit a. kind and generous master ; and she had so much to do and to think about tliat she had not been able to devote any considerable part of her life to her Bister's society. She came now in this hour of mysterious and overwhelming calamity as an act of durv ; hut she was not altogether in sympathy with the household at River Lawn, had not altogether grasped the full measure of love which had ruled between husband and wife, and thus could not fathom the depth of the widow's sorrow. She had comforted a I good inany widows in her time, and her general experience had been that, however they might distress their friendB by tbe intensity of their gritf during the first half of Dr. Talbot was one of the Brithisb Public who opined that there was something more than met the eye of tbe coroner or the coroner's jury in the relations of his deceased brother - in-Uw and the person called Antoinette. Questioned scarchiugly by his wife on the subject of bis suspicions, he replied that the case was obvious enough to anyone who could read between the lines ; and with this occult phrase Mrs, Talbot was constrained to content herself. There was no family assemblage to which Robert HatreU's will had to be read. He had stood almost alone in the world, without any relation nearer than a second cousin. The eecond coauns expected nothing from him, had made no sign since his death except in the way of letters of condolence to the widow. ' My unfortunate client made his will immediately after his marriage — or I should rather say that he executed his will after his marriage ? for the will was drawn np at the same time as the marriage settlement. He leaves the bulk of bis estate in trust for his wife for her life, with succession to his child ren share and share alike. As there is only one child, she will inherit all at her mother's death. The will gives tbe trustees power to anticipate some portion of the estate, with Mr?. Batrell's consent, for the marriage settlement of any son or daughter. By a codicil made in the beginning of last year Mr. Hatrell leaves his house and the land apper taining to it to his wife, absolutely, with power to pai-chase conterminous land to the amount of ten thousand pounds out of the corpus of the estate.' ' He always hankered after Florestein's land, poor fellow, 'said the parson. 'Strange that he should have met his death on tbe very day when be was to complete the purchase of tbe adjoining meadows. The will leaves Mrs. Hatrell free to make the addition ? That is a fortunate circumstance.' ' Fortunate,' exclaimed the lawyer. ** Do you think she will find it in her heart to remain in a place so associated with her husband ?' 'I hope she will not leave my parish. There are people who Uy from a apot where they have been happy with those who have been taken from them — there are others who cling fondly to the scene of a vanished love. If I am any jndge of character Mrs. Hatrell belongs to the latter type, and she will remain in the home sanctified by an ideal wedlock.' ' I believe you are right, Mr. ? ,'* said Ambrose Arden, in his calm, alow tones, look ing np from a rolumne which he had taken oa if mechanically from tbe table near his elbow, ' I believe Mrs. Hatrell's gentle and adhesive nature will find comfort in f«wili»r things — after a time. I should be very sorry if it were otherwise. I should be very sorry to lose so kind a neighbour, and, above all, to lose my dear little friend and pnpQ, Daisy,' ' Poor little Daisy.' sighed the priest ; 'what a blessed thing that she is too young to know the extent of her loss, or the manner of her father's death.' 'That she must never know,' said Arden, firmly. Mr. Mellidew looked doubtful. 'Do you think this terrible ttory can be bidden from her always V he asked. ' I fear noL She may be kept in ignorance of the truth while she is a child under her mother's eye, but when she advances to girlhood and mixes with other girls — when she goes to school ? ' '* She will not go to school,' interrupted Arden, *' anyone would be mad to expose her to the tittle-tattle and folly of a pack of ecoool girls. I wonder you can suggest such a thing, Mr. Mellidew.1* ' Well, we will say there shall be no school in her case. Though for an only child that means a lonely, self -contained, and not over heal thy girlhood. Bnt the time will come when she must mix with other people, and go about in the world, at home and abroad. Do you think no officious acquaintance will ever be indiscreet enough to talk to her, io pare sympathy, about her father's death — taking it for granted that Bhe knows all that can be known abont it V ' That is a long way to look ahead ,' said Arden, ' I hope she will grow up a light hearted, happy girl, her mind so well furnished, her memory so full of interesting things, that should the evil vou apprehend, ever come to pass she may be strong enough to bear the shock. In tbe meantime I trust that all her friends in This place, from the highest to the lowest, will do their best to keep her in ignorance of everything — except the one fact that she has lost a good and affectionate father.' While this conversation was going on in the drawing-room Mrs. Talbot wasstrollingabout the garden to get rid of time, in accordance with Mr. ? suggestion that it would be well to leave the mourner to herself for an hour or so. The lawn and river, the flowers and shrubs were in the perfection of their summer beanty, dumps of roses, hedges of roses, standard roses, dwarf roses, blush roses, climbing roses, made the glory of the long, narrow lawn, and between the lawn and the river there wag an Italian terrace with yews aud junipers planted at regular intervals, and great green tubs containing orange trees in the intermediate spaces. There was a flight of stone steps leading to the river at each end of the terrace, and at the western-end, with its back to tbe setting sun, there was a summer house of classic form, in Portland stone, a summer-house which in Italy would have been marble. At the western-end of the terrace and on a lower level, there was a capacious boat-house, containing a couple of outriggers, a punt, and a wherry, and the level roof of this beat-house had been a favourite lounging place of Mr. Hatrell and bis friends— a place on which to smoke and talk in the summer twilight, as the pleasure boats went by to Henley. Mrs. Talbot had seen her husband and tbe dead man sitting there in close confidential talk oa & summer evening afttr dinner, while she and her sister strolled up and down the terrace, or stopped to feed tbe white stately swana and their soft grey cygnets. She almost fancied ebe conld hear the mellow sound of Robert Hatrell's laughter as she walked there now, with her back to the boat bouse. What a happy life, wanting nothing that this world can give of comfort and delight ; strength, intellect, good looks, for tune, perfect health, and a wife who adored him. And he had been stabbed to death in a shabby London lodging by an unknown band. It was only three weeks ago that Sarah Talbot and her hnsb&nd; had been dining at River Lawn. They had gone down to dine and sleep in the very flush of midsummer, jast to wnell the roses, jast for a few hoars' respite from London gaieties and London smoke, as Clara had expected it in her letter of invita tion. There had been only the Vicar and Mr. Arden to meet them, the two men now in the drawing room with the lawyer. They had been a most sociable party, fell of talk, Hatrell **TTHitfa tin g upon his plans Cor the arrangement of the land which was so soon to be h*H. and even in higher spirits t-.fi mi usnaL There had not been a doad in the horizon ; aod Mrs. Talbot, who loved Harley street and all her London pleasures, had for once in her life gene back to town reluctantly. 'It is curiona that Robert and Clara can live like hermits in the height of the season,' she told her hnsband. ' But this morning, when we were leaving, I almost envied them their quiet domestic life in that lovely place.' And now the bond of married life was broken, and joy was gone like a dream when one awaketfa. Mrs. Talbot was pacing slowly along the terr&ce; depressed by these thoughts, when a long shrill shriek rang oat upon the snmtner air ; each a cry of agony as her ears had never the open window, which was one of Robert HatrelTs numerous improvements. She rushed into the house and ran upstairs, but quick as she was Ambrose Arden and the Vicar were there before her, and the former was in the act of breaking open the door as she reached the landing. He had implored Mrs. Hatrell to open tbe door, and there had been no answer, so be put his shoulder against the pannelltng and wrenched the door off its hinges. Clara Hatrell was sitting on die floor in the middle of the room with & heap of her husband's letters— her lover's letters, for they had all been written before marriage — scattered about her. She sat with her hands clasped cpon her knees, her eyes fixed, and staring into vacancy. Her dishevelled hair fell abont her in a wild confusion, as if her hands had been pinching and tearing at it. Emily Talbot knelt down by her Bide and spoke to her, trying to sooth .her, gathering up tbe long hair with gentle hands, pressing tenderest kisses upon her burning forehead, but she took no notice, her eyea remained fixed, in that ghastly sightless gaze, her fingers were still close together, in the Bame convulsive grasp. ' She is mad,' cried Mrs. Talbot, horrified at that awful look, which made her sister's face like the face of a stranger ; ' mad, quite mad.' For more than six weeks after the funeral Clan. Hatrell lived in the darkness of a distraught brain. More than once duiiog that period she hovered on the brink of the grave, and there were dismal hours in which her doctor and her nurses lost all hope. Life aod reason were alike in peril, and there was many a night when Ambrose Arden sat in his study trying to read, but never able to leave off listening for the footfall that might bring him fatal tidings. Daring this season of fear he rarely went to his bedroom till the sun had risen above the long level meadows towards Henley Bridge, aod after the satirise found him walking in the lane between bis cottage aod River Lawn. It was the dreariest time of bis life since the short, sharp agony of bis young wife's illness and death. He had nothing to distract his mind from the once anxiouB subject which absorbed htm. His little pnpil had been carried off by her aunt and was at Westgate-on-Sea. with & bevy of cousins, all older than herself. His sou's vacation was being spent with the good, old grandfather, in Radnorshire. He had planned the Wait at the beginning of Mrs. HatrelTs illness. The lad's company would have been, irksome to him in this time of fear. He preferred to be alone to face the awful foreshadowing of a fatal issue by himself. No one could have helped him to bear his agony, the agony of fear foe the life of the woman whom be had loved in patient subjugation — in such perfect mastery of himself as never to have awakened suspicion in those among whom be lived bis every -day life— ever since he first looked upon her fair young face. No one had ever guessed his secret, not the husband whose fiery temper would have been quick to kindle into flames had there been not the lightest cause for jealousy, not the wife, whose purity would have been quick to take alarm it a word or a look, uot tbe friends who lived in intimate relations with the family ; no one had guessed, yes, one perhaps had divined the secret. Oue pair of clear candid eyes had read his 'bean. Once in a moment of expansiou his pupil and playfellow clasped her arms routid bin neck and mur mured in his ear, 'I love you, because you (To be continued.) 