SCRAPS AND CLEANIN S.M (B- r AUTOLYUS.) Unless we have a change. in the weather very soon, and a good down fall of rain, the farmers in our district will have a serious time of it during this summer. As a consequence of the continued drought, produce of all descriptions has taken a consider able rise in value during the past week, and flour-which has recently been retailed at 16s 6d a bag-is now quoted at 22s 6d; as an' attendant circumstance, our local bakers have raised the price of the 41b loaf to 6d. In no other article will the rise be more severely felt than in connection with that much-used commodity-oat meal. The 71b bag was last week offered to the public as low as lld; now it has resolved itself into a luxury, for at is 8d it can scarcely be called otherwise. If things continue in this wise, we shall have to do without our "burgoo," as it will be out of the reach of most of our purses; and we will less frequently hear the expression, as applied to that article, "This is wot I grow'd on !" Much excitement has been rife in Traralgon during the week by the ex ploits of some senseless individual who goes about at nightfall in the garb of " Spring-heel Jack," evidently for the purpose of scaring unprotected women and children. He has a habit of suddenly appearing before any females who happen to be unaccompanied by a male protecter. Of course everyone of any consequence at all has seen the apparition-or rather imagine they have-and some of the accounts given describing it are, to use a mild phrase, far-fetched. A certain individual de scribes it as dressed in wnite, being 18 inches taller than the Show ground fence, and very long from the waist upwards. Another "eye-witness" says that after the phantom had flitted by, it distinctly left behind it a "smell as of burning sulphur." However, " Spring-heel" had better beware, and exercise a little caution when doing his nightly round, as most of the young fellows in the town are going about armed with sticks; etc., and should they chance to meet him, he will be be sure of having a lively quarter. of an hour. Apropos of spooks, one young man, who by the way is a bit of an athlete, in returning home rather late the other evening, had to cross the big bridge. On nearing the creek, he fancied he saw the apparition, and started of as hard as he could go-in fact, during the whole of his career as an athlete, he has never before known himself to run a hundred yards in such fast time. Arriving home breathless, he related his experience. Upon investigation the ghost turned oat to be Charlie H-'s cow quietly quenching her thrist in the placid waters of Traralgon creek. -A party of young fellows, while doing a ' constitutional' before retir ing to bed came across his ghostship, and at once proceeded. to pelt him with stones. After amusing them selves in this way for some time, and seeing that the missles took not the least effect, they mustered up sufficient courage to -further investigate the phenomena. Imagine their chagrin, when upon cautiously approaching nearer, they found that they had been pelting at a sheet of newspaper that had been blown up against the fence by the wind ! Thus it is that all these strange sights can be easily accounted for. * * * I notice by your paper that our local Fire Brigade were fairly success ful at WVarragul. Everyone will re echo my sentiments - that they deserved to win-seeing that they have assiduously, practised for the various events for months past. Re the prizes, that for the one-man event was described on the card as a " Hand painted Reed Stand," and the curiosity of the successful competitor was intense, as to what constituted so an elaborately worded article. That it was not to hang on his watch chain was evident, and all conjectures as to the shape and form it would take were rudely dispelled when the secretary handed over the "trophy" which turned out to be nothing less than a common drain pipe which had been given a coat of paint. Hand-painted ! Of course it was. I am informed on good authority that the present owner intends putting a bottom in it and using' it as a bucket, having no other use for it. A roadside inn is a very fine institution-when it .happenis to be stocked-and many a weary traveller gratefully breaks the long journeys in the Gippsland district with something procured at the unpretentious roeid side pub. But when the said pub- is out of stock the desolation of the way farer who calls is complete. Last week a couple of cyclists who had ridden a long way in the teeth of a head wind, stopped in front of an hotelthat stands by a main road in the Gippsland district. One of them was a teetotaller-for the nonce-and the publican stepped outside and asked "what would he take ?" "Ginger ale and bitters," remarked the cyclist. "Ah I well, I am just out of bitters, and I haven't got any ginger ale," said the proprietor. " Well, I'11 take port wine, sherry, lemonade, claret-any thing." " Well, there's three things I haven't got; that's ginger-ale, bitters, and peppermint, and I don't keep any port wine, claret or sherry, and I'm out of lemonade; but I have a little colonial wine, though." "Right," said the thirsty wheelman, "I'll give the Australian wine industry a lift." Meanwhile the other cyclist stooed grinning at the obstacles that beset the way of this would-be teetotaller, and remarked that a glass of "shandy" was the best thini a man could drink. He stepped inside whilst his com panion was enjoying his wine, but upon calling for a " gaff" his disgust can be imagined when B~uiface, after a fruitless syearchl oi the shelves for the article, informed him he was "just out of 'shandy-gaff,' but expected some by the team that was to arrive in a day or two." The marriage of the young Duke oa Itariborough with Miss Consuelo Vander bilt, daughter of MIr William Vandarbilt, a well knowna American millionaire, took place on the 6th inst.,at New York. The marriago was distinguished by lavish display. Over £20,000 were spent on the decorations of the church in which the ceremony took place, and all features of the marriage proceedings were managed with similar disregard of cost. 