r : i Original Novelette. ! .. .r 1 t THE — ;BoyaI George Reef. I&.U Australian Tale. ' S' 8 BY PAUL TWYFORD. All Rights Ri seeved. VII. — (Conteojed.) r1 / Mrs. Attewell was none tho worse, he said, | for her rather rough hath in the Nepean ; s . and as he could be of no further use he'd get I away home, for he was tired. But as Miss r- Robey stoutly objected, he thought that be : and the fair-haired young man might pos- ; sibly amuse the other iek man, and them- : selves too. So preparations were made in Blandy's room for a 'night of it' — that is, : as far as as whisky, cigars, etc., would con- i duce to excite speech in those who talked : Dr. Moxham was a capital ' raconteur ; : and having travelled a good deal, had some- : thing to talk about ; while he thoroughly en joyed Fred's plain, matter-of-fact yarns of i gold field life. So the old army surgeon and : Fred whiledaway the tediousness of Blandy's wakeful hours. Morning came, and while Fred slept, and Dr. Moxham was on his way home, Miss \- Robey and her friend visited the injured f man. Miss Robey saw that the visit was appreciated, and having installed Mrs. At- . lewel as nurse, qtiietly withdrew, to give in structions to her several male servants to take .supplies to the washed-out farmers all ; around, no matter whose tenants they were. ! As soon as Lily found herself alone with Jack, she burst into tears ; and taking his hand in hers kissed it. ; 'Poor Jack— and this all through me — : and I was not worthy of it. Twice you have saved my life, and on neither oceasion i did I know that 'twas yon who held me in your arms. Forgive me, Jack, for the past — though, God knows, I repented before I reached home that evening when we part ed at Panbourne. You never wrote, and your : father could never tell me your address. ;D.eur Jack, say that you have forgiven one.' ' Long ago; Lily dear ; and my heart was | breaking when I saw you at Gantalong in I j widow's weeds ; but you did not know me. i/ I longed to make myself known — and was advised to do so by my friends — but I was f" poor, and you were possibly wealthy, and so ! the stubborn spirit got the better of me. If it s be not asking too much, lay your head here, i near mine, and kiss me.' She did so ; and asked him about his in- i juries. ' Now, Lily dear, tell me something of the past. I have heard just a" iittle from Morley, but I would like to hear more.' i And there, in the old-fashioned colonial : room with the windows looking out into the \- swollen river. Lily Attewell, with her head \- resting on the pillow beside his, told the story of a sad ten years. The story embraced a variety of incidents, of bereavements when death was busy, of re verses whan fortune was fickle, and of ac- oidenw when health was imperilled. She reached Sydney, worked for her living in .levoial oapauities and become finally engaged fif oompaaion to Kate Robey. In Mr. Robey's honae ahe became acquainted With Mr. Attewell, a widtiwor, who had been Weaty years following squatting pursuits in New South Wales and had found the life lonely and wearisome, though more than or dinarily prosperous fo far as money-making was concerned. This Mr. Attewell Lily married, with Kate as bridesmaid, and to Kate again, after the catastrophe which made her a widow, she returned. : Jack had also experiences to reeonnt ; nor were Kate and Fred without a similarly in teresting occupation ; and so the time passed till Fred came in one day with a Bheet- of paper in his hand and anxiety and indigna tion in his look. / It was a telegram, and ran thus : ' Come at once. Claim jumped ; jumper? getting gold in new tunnel. ' BENHAM.' ' Kate, I must go at once. Lend me a good horse and I'll go across Richmond Bridge; if the river is low enough, and up over Bell's Line, I'm sure I'll get theie quicker that way. You see, Kate, it is im portant both to Jack and myself — to all of us — that I should go. I am sorry indeed to leave you so abruptly. But you see how it is ; you'll take care of Jack, I know. Don't let hira hurry himself or worry about it. How is it with — ' ; ' Oh, that's all right,' interrupted Kate, stopping him before further reference was made to Lily. j 'That's well; and now I can go light- hearted.' I 'What ; and leave me behind?' said Kate, wiro a grimace. 'Yes dear, for I know that my return will be expected.' ' You think so. "Well, take care of your- self for my sake, you know, for I don't want to lose you for .another de cade.' Poor Fred was almost beside himself with love for the splendid creature : and as he left her to explain matters to Jack, his eyes were filled with tears. Mrs. Attewell fol- lowtd him, while Kate gave orders about a horse — a splendid roadster well able to carry a man of Fred's weight. I Jack bad just awoke from a doze, and was surprised at the uews. Fred must go, he concurred, though he could have much liked to go with him. ! 1 So it's all right, Jack ?' ' Yes, old mate, and thanks to you I am alive: to say so. Kiss her Fred, before you 3.0, you . deserve it, for your unselfish de yotion.' | Then came the parting embrace with K»te; and she, dear girl, quite forgot her usual tell' -possessed demeanour and held on to her burly lover as she tearfully said go <d- bye. Yin. ' . he rideth over the plain Full seven miles broad and seven miles wide. His steed was blaok. ... He was riding at full speed.' . Fred's blood was up. He was mad at being thus summarily parted from Lis lady love, and boiling over with rage to think that the result of his labour should be touched by other hands. Thus, he rode fast to the low level bridge over the river below the Grose. The water was still running strongly over i' , and he was advised not to attempt the passage. But Fred Morley was a strong man, and the horse he rode was worthy of such a rider. If the water on the deetc of the bridge was breast high lie knew he'd be washed over into deep water ; but he resol ved to chance it, relying on the strength of the superb steed Miss Robey ha i provided for him. Saladin was his name, and bravely did he face the angry waters ; his own weight and that of his rider, favored him, and he kept his footing well. Arrived at the other other bank, the onlookers gave the bold rider a cheer, and he passed on up through the old village of Enfield to the Kurtajoug Heights, where he gave Saladin a rest and a feed and had supper himself. As soon as the moon rose he was again in the saddle, and jogging along at a steady canter beneath the tall fern trees which form almost an avenue along, tho old explorer's track. Knowing the country wen, jL'reci srrucn on to roe rigot at me ' Causeway,' and thus came ont on the Mudgee-road at Keen's Swamp. Here he spelled again for a couple of hours, and then on again, taking short spells bf rest occasionally until he reached the claim on the third day. Fred was no diplomatist ; he went straight to the claim unarmed with a single scrap of blue official paper. "When tho fellows in possession saw him on his big, coal blacK steed they shook in their boots, for they thought it was the ghost of some , ancient bushranger. After two minutes talk with his two old mates, who had beeuleft in charge, he went straight to the tunnel, with his heavy riding whip ready for action. It was his only weapon, but he could use it wonderfully weU— as Messi. urs the jumpers soon dis covered. Two of tbem were poking about the roof with their picks, while the other two held candles. ' What's ibis you're up to ?' roared Fred ; ' Who gave you permission to enter upon this lease ? Show your authority at once.' ' One of them produced a pipce of paper, which Fred tore into shreds and pointed to the entrance, with the one word, ' Clear !' They hesitated ! he was only one man and they were four. And then Fi el shoved first one and then another towards the open cutting, and then one of them held his pick menacingly. Down came Fred's whip upon his skull. 'Pick h:m up, some of yon, and get out of this, or I'll be tempted to kill the whole gang of you,' and the four black- muzzled thieves shuffled out of the drive. Fred did not leave them until they were off the ground! and then i hey began to crow like bantams, when in a safe place, that thej 'd go to tho warden and do great, things. ' Go, and confound you, replied Fred. ' Send Mr. B to me and I'll teach him more mining wrinkles than ever he knew. You are only thieves ; and if I catch yon on this lease again I'll thrash the lot of you and then hand you over to Sergeant O'Don neli.' One fellow produced a revolver and Fred went straight at him, slashed him across the face with his whip and then took the weapon from him. Upon that they sneaked off. Fred found that the men had been in possession four days. The two old men had not complained to the warden, nor informed the other shareholders in town, and it was clear to Fred that tho old mates were in the swim. Fred rode into Gulgong that night, put his horse in a good stable and sought Dr. Benham, from whom he heard teat Tliis- tleton w.is away— where he didn't know — and that was why tho telegram had been sent to Fred and Jack. The Doctor was both pleased tmd amused with Fred's sum mary way of getting justice ; and invited him to spend the evening with him. Next morniDg Fred rode out into the claims and found that some of the stone had been broken off and taken away ; and he told the old man that he would hold them responsible for any loss ; and at next crushing it would be stopped out of their share. The weather was fine, and Fred put on labour to clean out the cuttings The men worked well, in two shifts, and Tn a month twenty tons of the lode and a ton or two of the quartz were raised to the surfane. The stuff was crushed at the company's battery at Reedy Creek, and both yielded handsome ly ; that from the lode going three ounces to the ton, and the quartz going over 200 ounces in the nggregate. Fred Lad heard from Kate that Jack was progressing well : aud she begged of hiin to kill nobody, and on no account got killed himself, us she had no ambition to be a widow before she was a j wife. Fred kissed he lettor, and smiled. For | such a woman what would he not do? Alas ! | One never knows ' what may happen. Fred I thought out the matter for his returu letter— ! to be written that evening after he returned | ironi the creek - hut (he fates ruled othoi- Wise. Returning to the claim that evening, sitting iu the dray with one of the carters, the horse stumbled against, something and fell. They found a log placed across the road, which was not there in the morning ; they got down, and after groping about in the dark, tbev tried to remove it, and while thus engagr-d two shaip eraoks were heard and Fred felt himself hit. in the shoulder. He had a revolver, aud let drive in the direction whence tho phots had come. None were re turned ; and Fred finding the blood running freely, asked the driver to take him to Gul gong — which he did — arriving at the hos pital just as Fred fainted from loss of blood. If tho scoundrels who did this thought to make a haul, they were balked, for Fred somehow had a suspicion that some attempt would be made to get possession of the gold and had entrusted the ingot to the man ager of the mill for ' safe keeping, and thus was returning empty handed when fired at. ' ' On tho strength of a letter from Fred that ho was not to hurry, as matters were all right, Jack 'was enjoying himself quietly. It was a long ' dolce farriiente' for him, and Lily and Miss Robey were his most devoted slaves. In -the midst " of this pleasurable existence there came one day a wire from Dr. Benhairi to say that Fred Morley waB under his care in Gulgong Hospital suffering from' a gunshot wound; It was brutally candid, arid might have been worded with some consideration for others. It further asked Mr. Blaridy to 'come at once.' It was impossible to keep the news fromthe ladies, so he handed tho paper to Miss Robey, who, with lips firmly compressed and her blue orbs sparkling with animation, ex claimed : 'Let us go at once, you and I. Mrs. Attewell will take my place here.' ' I think I'd rather go with you,' said Lily, sidling up to Jack,' 'if you don't mind.' 'Do. Just the thing. Jack is riot quite well yet, and there's no knowing what silly thing he might do up there to be revenged upon the scoundrels that have done this cruel thing,' and Kate's eyes filled with tears; but for a moment, however, for she became as lively as a whirlwind ail at once, and' began to give orders in such a tone that both Lily and Jack stared at her. ' Now then, hurry up, there's a dear girl, time is pressing.' And as she went out to the stables her yoice could be heard' giving directions to the men and boys about the place, i ' Here you, Jerry, harness up Tommy and Tim. Sam, get out the hooded buggy. Now then Sally, pack my small portmanteau for a journey up country ; only necessaries; quick, don't ask questions. Jenny, you go and help Mrs. Attewell. All right. Mr. Blandy, I'll send a boy to you in a minute: Thomas, pack up a small hamper of some thing to eat ;aiid drink; and be quick, there's a dear old man ;' and so on all over the house, until every soul was busy. : In an incredibly short time the buggy and the two impatient horses were ready, and the three were aboard. 'No, Jerry, I won't want you; but follow us on horseback to Penrith. Ride like the wind, we may want you to bring the buggy back. Can't say yet. .Thomas, take cnxc of the place. Good-bye, all of you !' And she let the nags go at a rattling pace over the soft grass-grown roads. ' l We'll catch the mail if possible;' if not, we'll go on all the same — there shall be no stoppage until we get to Gulgong. Take care of Jack, Lilly; its a bit bumpy along here.' And the well trained horses put on- their full speed ; ' they required no whip, for they were fuli of corn and pluck Arriving at Peiirith ' in good time they were enabb-d to engage a compartment . to themselves, and Jerry was sent back with the horses. Had they been late, Kale had decided to engage a : special train and take buggy anl horses with them. At Wallaraway a substantial tip to Tim Brand, the well known coach driver; secured box seats for the three ! and as the roads were good — hard and frozen— the .trip was a most cxnilarating one. it a flying macume could have been chartered Miss Rcbey would have secured it even though it should cost a for tune. At Mudgee a buggy and pair was hired, and in a few more hours tho loug journey was at an end, and Kate Robey was ldssiug the injured man in a most passionate manner ; while Lily and Jack stood looking on with most serious faces, for Fred looked very pale and worn. Dr. Beuham came, up, and after introduc tions all round, he. said Fro 1 was better, but very low, for ho had lost so much blood ; the bull had betn extracted, and now that Miss Robey had come he hoped to see his friend Morley mend rapidly and at an appealing glance from Kate, the cautions medico ad ded ; ' By all means, madam, your place is here. Give your orders and I will see that they are obeyed— always of course, subject to my ap proval. By the bye, Blandy, the police are on the track of the miscreants , that . have caused us all this trouble ; and I think it were better to suspend our two original share holders until the matter is cleared up, for I suspect they are dt the bottom of it. Do you think you are well enough to superintend operations on the claim— though you may consider yourself my patient, and between us— I mean this lady— (nodding to Lily) and myself you will be taken care of.' Jack assented; and asked where was Thistleton ? ' ' Ah, that, reminds me. When the jump ing first took place I didn't know but what he was here, and it was not until he could not be found that I wired to you and Robey, and it is only this morning that I hear he is at Charters Towers. He is a most erratic follow, and, I suppose, thinking- things were safe here, he hurried off there as soon as he heard of the rush — arid, as usual, he is agairi lucky, for he has opened the best reef in the field.' ' I'm glad to hear it, though I did think it strange that we should be sent for if he were ' knocking about her?. . . Do you think, doctor, that Morley is iu danger ?' (TO 'BE CONTINUED.) England makes over 6,000 locomotives a year. . The rye crop of Russia is 792,000,000 bushels, The Russian Imperial crown Ib valued at £1,200,000. In New York city 27,000 women support their husbands. Illinois produces £54,000,000 of farm products every year. There are 14,500 miles of rabbit- proof fencing in Australia. Smoking-cars for women are provided on Russian railroads. A Frenchman has estimated that there are 51,000 breweries in the world. Germany, he says, easily leads with 26,- 240. The United States now has about forty vessels engaged in whaling— the rem nant of a fleet which once numbered 500 ships. Every ship-building country showed a de crease in construction laBt year, that of Great Britain amounting to over 25 per I cent. France, Belgium, Italy, Switzerland, Germany, Spain all coiisumo horeoflosh Last year I'uria alone consumed 11,300 horeea - " - 