AN AUSTBALIAN PLAIE TREE. BY FKANCIST MYEB$.' '.';; NOW FIRST PUBLISHED— ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. CHAPTER XV. ' Julia did not get over the shock which followed on the announcement of Woolfe's escape, A nameless fear, took possession of her ; a sense of haunting had been born into her. life. She could not tell what, she, feared. Woolfe at large, it might well be argued, had no more power to harm her than had Woolfe with in stone walls and , iron bars. If .he intruded in any way she had but to denounce him, to deny all accusations, to resist the very first attempt at any intercourse and to take such steps as would result in his imme diate arrest. Physical violence" from him she did not fear. It did not seem to her that his nature as she under stood it would permit him to resort to that. - ' ' What the doctors called nervous- prostration kept her abed, for three.; days, and on the fourth she said, "let! us get home, .George. I shall never, recover here. That wretch is in this; city, lean feel it. Let it's get away to our own home, ' lie, will, cease tb; haunt me then." ' ' George replied, "I only wish your fancy of. his haunting would become/ reality, and, by Jove, I should like to have that, fellow , by. the. throat !; But .he ..will, never... turn, up. ..... H.e is/ hidden somewhere in the slums, and some day will get nabbed,! as-on the last occasion, ;,,The police., know they have cinjy. to wait. -I.. was, talking to Brown only yesterday.' fellow that nailed him before, you re member. He says they are not a. bit anxious. Every boat and train is: watched, and it is only a question of a little time." , But Julia, persisted, '.I I should like to. go home for all that'.. The journey may knock me " tip a bit, but I shall soon got weH at" Mirrin/ dong." ' " ' ' ' Never in her life perhaps was Julia, in better.mood than et that time. .She- had had , no success to inflate, and no losses tb embitter lier. V Her; meagre winnings had somehow- instilled into, her a temporary disregard of the game, and Gerald Woolfe was dreaded- no w, He had been hated and. despised before. . . Her husband's unremitting tenderness, too, was winning for him daily a higher' place in her esteem. Esteem, yes, it is a cold word, but Julia, alas ! had no heart.- George was perfectly right as to the view the authorities took of Woolfe's escape. There was an inspection and' inquiry at the gaol, a censurb of the governor for leaving the particular door open and unguarded at such a time, and au order, that .the wall should be forthwith raised in height and surmounted with a.cheveuxde frise. The defectives looked" learnedly at the wedge found, made an ' almost microscopic examination of the ground without the wall and. cross-questioned the trcopers who . had scoured the country for miles around. There was only one conclusion .to be. arrived at. Woolfe -had got clear away in a wet black night, had travelled 'fast from dusk to . fl.in,. the morning,, probably covering;;., inn that \- time' some 50 miles. If sq. he/jvould at daybreak next morning be within 25 miles of Melbourne, and' far beyond the radius of the. sphere of strict search of the troopers, He would stow himself away in the bush till night came again and make int-o the city and find friends' some where. Bat so far as , was known he had no means and no resources, and to the detective police it was very well known that without sweating gold at' every pore no men could long con tinue in hiding in the city of Mel bourne. Their "mistake was in under estimating their man, and rejeoting the idea that he could possibly bavo had any confederates. Strange to say, poor Paddy Nolan's death was in no way associated with the affair. That catastrophe, as it appeared so be, had been so long fore told that every man in the township was eager to take credit to himself ns a prophet, Paddy's habit had heen to go home more or less drunk every day. Paddy's marc Peggy was a bit of blood, and full fed. Though usually the most docile of beasts she might on such a night as that resent the meddling and checking of a drunken band. Then a bit of a prop, or a shy, and off the- old man would go. The remark was once made that it was a queer coincidence, the priaonor breaking gaol and his prosecutor being -found dead the same night. But the sergeant of police quusbed all that. "What do you suppose now is the first thing a cove breaking gaol wants? You don't know. Well, it's clothes, something to cover his livery. He's modest, you see, as Adam when- he wanted the figleaf. And the next thing?- Yes, I thoug it you could guess that, -is money. Well then, you see, Paddy was found with even his topcoat on, and his hat alongside him, -and the change of a ,£5 note jingling in his pocket. No, I don't think Mr. Woolfe was in that job." After whioh deliverance if any other man did think it probable or possible lie kept a discreet silence. Thus the escaped convict, murderer, robber, and plotter of robbery anil murder yet to be committed, was free in the course he took to walk the Queen's highway unmolested. Deep was his devilish glee and long and earnest his inward chuckle, when stopping 'for a drink at a WaySida shanty not far on the Victorian side of .the Murray he picked up a metro politan paper with a full account of his own deeds of craft, and also of the inquest on Paddy Nolan. No shadowt of suspicion rested on him. By the police and the press of the colony he was honorably acquitted of' any .share in that tragedy! - Yet ; Paddy would' be an ugly ghost 'to meet, in this' world or the next. Swindled, robbed, slain ? Well, he had no intent of , killing him. It wasn't murder. He only wanted the old fool's gold,' and took the readiest means' of obtaining it. And there was much comfort in the gold. Ho' had found a .'hundred sovereigns in the leather bag, and they were very safely stowed away now in the recesses ,o£ his swag. He would, have a belt in' 'a day or two, and then they would be kept next his own skin. In a poor sort of way Woolfe bad enjoyed his walk thus far. Four months of -prison life had knocked the gilt off ., his;! fastidious , 'tastes, "!- He 'could at' any wayside.' house.- . He 'carried a flask df .wbisky 'and stimulated at will by any -runtiing' stream; ' " : He made a township or an inn an hour or two after nightfall, paid for his bed, .shouted a drink for the boss or any man who might be in the bur, and was on the road again with the dawning! The weather grew finer also as he. fared farther north, and the beginning ' of his game was absolutely ejear and easy that the idea of anything pre carious seldom occurred. '. And . the belt about his waist wa3,a veritable girdle of strength, With it he' could meet his mates now,' disclose 'to them ; as much as seemed, advisable, obtain another pound, go alone. on the mission to " the woman, lie . knew," and return with twenty pounds. That if any lurking doubt should arise in them would be at once satisfying and convincing. . he was marvellously .relieved by having to make no imme diate appeal to -"Julia Wilson, and yet determined as ever; to use her if neces sary in any scheme .of; robbery that might arise.. Money, and a good deal- of it he was resolved to have, and that money he did hot' propose to share/ It was indeed,' an:, ill. .mate that .'the. . cracksmen had . taken to themselves if understood in tbe dep'tli's of his possi-/ bilities. v Day by day, as 'removed farther from the scenoB of his crimes, .the chances of /. detection' . and capture seemed more 'remote, He , was still careful in his disguise and chary, of his speech, but perhaps his gait was' a little more buoyant than became a- bushmnn of sixty or thereabouts, and his dark eye kindled at times with more ofintollectualforce than is usually seen beneath the wandering 'workman's brows. But these things attracted no notice. All sorts of men carry swags in Australia, and a good many of them could, if they chose, tell queer stories. He rode by train from Albury to Wagga. He walked thence to Harden, and determined to. travel the cross country line as far as.Blayney, It was about two in the afternoon when the train left and he sat on the plat form, a pipe in his mouth, -swag and billy lying at his feet. Ho had drunk a couple of whiskies in the town, was warm with the walk up, and had pushed buck his hat so that the upper part of his face was free of any dis guise. A lady and gentleman were also leaving by that train. They came from the waiting-room together as the carriages were shunted alongside the platform. A porter attended with their luggage. The engine backed in, the starting bell rang. Woolfe picked up his swag. The lady turned to iook to her. boxes and their eye3 met. He recoiled as if a rapier had piorced him, she staggered backward with a shriek. A dozen people rushed up. George Wilson had caught his wife in his arms, or she would have fallen between the platform and the train. "All right, all right," said he, waving everybody back "shove in those trunks and bring in a bottle of wator and a glass, porter. Foot slipped and was noarly down, that's a11. All right now, Juliu? Lock the door, porter." A liberal tip accompanied the words, and in thirty seconds the train was off. Nobody noticed a doubled-up old swagsman slinking off the station and ! making away with rapid, shuffling gait ' to the bush, B e halted when half a mile away, drew a pistol from his swag and placed it in his breast ; looked long and eagerly then towards the platform and-at length sank to the ground with something like a groan. There was no sign of an alarm or pursuit. Julia had not at once ac cused him. She must have gone on by the train, But what of the future ? There was no possibility of doubt as- to the recognition which had been made ; his only safety was in the fear which his presence had evidently caused, or the dread of the exposures which might be made should her evidence be the means of causing bis arrest ; or as his vanity . suggested in any lingering sentiment of affection which might still remain. A full hour's reflection brought no' assurances as to the course Julia would be likely to take, but as native hardi hood and audacity returned ho recog nised the' futility of any attempt at flight or concealment. If the police were roused they would be on his tracks before nightfall, and there was no possibility of obtaining a new disguise. . It was a crisis in his fate and he would brave it. Here- turned to the township, entered a bar, . and called for a glass of brandy ; told : openly how he had been suddenly seized with cramp and had missed the train, engaged a bed for the night, and strolled into the billiard- room. He was not molested, for Julia' made no disclosure. The faint passed in a few minutes when the train began to move, and, recovering conscious ness, -she found -herself sobbing in her husband's arms. : .".By heaven, Julia, that was a nartow shave 1" ' "- How ! What ! Did he, he — - — ' "He, who ? Did anybody push you ? I thought you stumbled or stepped backward over the platform 'edge. I would like to get my hands on the clumsy scoundrel who inter fered with you. One can't be too care ful with those platforms and that in fernal crevice between them and the train. I believe the Yankee system ' of 'steps right down to the ground is' safer after all. " Which somewhat lengthy monologue gave the lady time to think. and to ask and answer the question would it be advisable after all to tell so much as might start a hue and cry after Woolfe ? She had read fear, deadly fear in the momentary glance 'of re cognition. ' ' His cunning might yet again baulk all the police efforts, and if that fear should change to deadly hate and -resolve of desperate revenge lior .. own life might pay the forfeit-. Better to wait and take the chances of the future. Unhappily shirker ' of duty and truster in blind chance.! Her lack of conscience and lingering falseness be came her doom, and-jjet it must be re membered that, she did not then oven suspect that her enemy was already a murderer. ... He sat in the .billiard-room with one hand always in his breast-, grasping a revolver ''butt. Retiring to rest he stacked all the meagre furniture of the room against the door, and lay down with the pistol still in his hand. But no alarm came, and in the morn ing/he - strolled past the police camp, exposing: himself fully to the gaze of a -couple of troopers about to start on a! journey. They did not bestow on him oven- a. scrutinising glance. And then he felt assured that Julia had kept her 'secret, and in that assur ance knew' himself to be still better equipped for successful villainy. Had any arrest - been attempted the first shot would, have been at the enemy, tl?e next through his own. brain. For he was well' determined to ondure no more; of death in life. If . he could carry out his own plans he would quit the world at once and' ' with some aplomb. - : (TO ilE CONTINUED.) . . 