[?] [?] I never told anybody bow. .very, very near 'I was^ddeatliTtat'night, jaet a year ego; bot as Icantirow look hkck '&na; ?'calmly re call each tnought, each word, esch act^I .think I will write it down as a warningUo '.all who .may, find themselves similarly mr 'cumstanced, hoping, with all my heart, that the number may be few. * In the first place, my name is Frederick Putnam. I am, and have been, for the last ten years, the foreman and book-keeper of the larae lumbering establishment of Wil lianv Winston and Co., and hope to be for another decade.uclesB something better turns op Mr. WinBton is the reBident partner and manager of the manufacturing part of the business. The other members of the firm,of which there-are two, live in the city, at the foot of the lake, and attended to the sales of lumber, which we send them by vessels. This is by far the largest ehare of what the mill eutsf although the amount of our ealee directly from ibe mill, to euppiy the country to the west of us, is quite large. Well, one cold September evening, just as I wae preparing for home, I heard footsteps en the ground outside, and presently the office door £ew open, as though someone in h&sie; had given it a posh, admitting a tall, stout. well-dreseed msn, with a email travelling tag in oce hand and a Ehawl thrown over one arm. 1 I was alone — Mr. Winston having gone to j the house same half an hour before, locking ] the safe, in which we kept our books and j papers, and taking the key T?ith him as ; usual. j I had already closed the damper to the i etove, put on my overcoat, and was just in I the act of turning down the lamp— but, of course, I vffiitcd. ?'Good evening, sir,' said the man. i hustling up ii the stove, and kicking the | (Hruper open with his right foot. 'Has j Wia?ton gene to the house 5:- i 1 RVrtwered that he had. ; -? Whrn * T tcr« ftfrsiii of it.' Hf- drew out bis watch — a very fine one, I thought. ?I thai! not have time to go up,' he said. . 'Tiis train is due ia fifteen mia (i I mere anything I can do for you ?' I naked. ?fI wanted to leave some money with Wmston. I intended io etop in town a day oi two. but I have just got a despatch that calls rue hocae.' . ' What name, sir !:' *' Anderson, of Andersonville.' I knev; him then, though I had seen him hue ence before. He had been one of our beer wceietn customers. I eaid had been. let sbe reason that during the paet y-ar he had cos been so prompt. In fact, he was considerably behind, and Winston had that very day told me to write him. and ' punch hisn up a little,' as he expressed it. The kuer was then in the breaet pocket of my cve'nnat. ' You C3n leave the money with me, sir, cud I wiii give you a receipt.' lie £tcmed to hesitate, which nettled me s-'-c-vvhar. I have never blamed anyone ci^ce. however. ?- How much is my bill?' he asked, eying me sherply. I answered promptly, for I had struck the balance net more than haif an hour be fore : ?' Two thousand two hundred and fltty pcande.' ?? Humph 1 lees than I supposed, VTrlte vw a receipt lor tbat amount.' He leiz the stove, and came Bed looked ever rsy €houlder wiule I was writing out the receipt. ? It is all right, Mr. Fxstnam. I know yoJ now. Touve been with Winston a i-!Ea time. I can tell your signature any v.'bt- te.'' lie arew iroiii an iiitiue jjuutet a luryc black wallet very round and lull, and count ing out eleven different piles of bank-notes, he told me to run them over. It was a short and easy task, for each pile contained just twenty ten pound nctee. The balance wae in cotes and sovereigns, and it took more time to ccunt them ; but at last we got it so that both were satisfied. At this moment we heard the whistle from the station. Anderson sprung for his travel ling ba^, end giving me a hasty hand-fchake mis cS on the run, I closed the door, and ; counted the ajocey over again. Finding-it* j fe.II ri-;ht. I wrapped a piece of newspaper' J around it, aud slipped it- into my cveieoat j pocket. I did not feel quite easy to have so j reuch money- about me, but as. Winston's j house was at least s mile distant, t con cluded to keep it until morning, when I could depa.-it it in the back. i. closed the damper again, crew on my -?Inves, took the ofliee key from the nsil jusr. over the doer, and stepped up to put out the light. As I did eo, I saw* bit of paper enf j The ticor, vrhith, on picking up, I- saw. was j the receipt 1 wrote tor Mr. Anderson. He had dropped it in bis hurry. I put it in my.t pocket, and thought no more about it, only that I would' mail it to him. I would nave done it then, but as the last mail for the day bad gone out. on the train which took Mr. Anderson, I could do it just as well in the morning. Then, too, I was in 6omething of a hurry that night, for I had an appoint- ' ruent : and I may as sell state here that it was with a young lady, who, I hoped, would be my wife before many months elapsed. 1 hastened to my boarding place, ate my EUpper, and then went over to- Mr. Warner's, ?wearing the cvercoot with the money in itf j as I did not feel easy about leaving it in my : room. Carrie wae at home, of course, as she | wes expecting 'me, and. leaving my coat ! and hat in the hall, I went into the parlor. I do not think a repetition of our conver sation would be very interesting, so I will pass over it, merely remarking that nothing occurred to disturb me until I arose lo take niy iesve. Carrie went into the entry for my coat ] and hat. that I might put them on by the | varm tire, but she came back with only my i h&t.; ??Why, Fred, you certainly did not yen tcre oat en each a night as this Without as overcoat ?' ; ? ' - ' No coat!' I exclaimed, in a dazed sort cf a way — for the thought of the money, flash ing upon me so suddenly ,bad almost stunned nje. The nest moment I tore past her like s madman, as 1 was. 'The coat .was gone ! . ? ? ; ' ' -? - . ' ? ; Then I was unnerved. I grasped at the htair-iail, and caught it just in time to sup port rayee!f. Carrie came running out, her face turning pale with alarm. ?? Oh, Fred ! are you sick ? Let me call mother and the doctor. You are ae white as a sheet,1' ' Iso, no: Carrie !' I entreated. . 'There, I amJbetter now.1' ; ; .' ', - . '' - And I was better. I waB strong, all at nnce — deeneratelv strcne-. And what broncht about this change? The. simple' receipt which I had in my pocket. ^Anderson had nothing to show*- that -the money had been paid, and was cot my unaided word as good as his ? I was foolish enough to believe that I could brave it through, and I grew confident and auite easy at opce. ~ .- ? ,, 'There, Carrie, t am much tetter now. The room was too warm, I guess. So gome eneak'thief has dodged in and stolen my coat I Well; let it go. It was only an old one. and I'll have a better.'' 41 But was there anything in your pockets?' asked Can ie. It is strange how euepicious guilt will make as. I really thought that Carrie sue pected me. and an angry ? reply was on the end of my tongue. I euppretsed it, however, - and ottered a (falsehood in* etead. ;?:?;,,/ . . m \ f* ; ?. i ' Nothing of conEequenoo/sOarrie. A pooa .pmir of gioves and eome other trifling notions.' _j * T ' ' I am glad it ie no worse, JVcd, ; l|oF«i!i jptavill wait jast s mec-eat.'I'vFill get'yoh' cne'bifather-'s coats to.^ear^home..,.^,, {i ? ;? :Tfati8equii»pea:irefther. ''!,,. i . , ' ¥.ou imay '|uee% -that my slumbers that ; night were^ot|'veryflodrid, nor very refrenb- . ing. I never papeed a more miserable night, tnd in the morning my haggard looks were : the subject of remark. ?; ' Why; Ered, you look as though yon liaa met a legion of ghosts last* night,' said Winston. '? What is the matter ?' 'I have had a bad night of it,' I an swered, with a sickly smile. ' And yon'll have another, if you're not carefuL You had better keep quiet to-day. By-the-way, did you write to Anderson V I do not know how I managed to reply, for the question eet me to shivering from had to f cot, and I was eo week that X 03 aid scarcely eit in my chair. I must have answered in the affirmative, however, for he eaid: ' Then we may look for something from him to-morrow, or the next day?' Im mediately after he sdied, ' Why, Fred, you shiver although you had the ague, and you are sweating like a butcher! You're Bick, man. Come ! jump into my carriage, and I'll take you home.' I 'was glad of the chance to get away, and reaching my room, I locked mjself in. Winston eent a doctor round, but I refueed to see him. Then he os:ne hira6elf , but I would not open ihe dcor. The landlady came, then some of my fellow-boardera, but I turned them all sway. Ah f those were terrible hours that I passed and the night coining on brought rse no relief. Cgk ycu not guets what I was meditating ? Cosraid that I was, I had at last resolved upon sell- destruction. i commenced my preparations witn ine same calmness and deliberation that I would have used in the moet common transaction, j I wrote a short explanation for Carrie, j another for Mr Winston, a third for my poor ; mother, and I sealed them ail. In a fourth | envelope I enclosed the receipt to Mr. j Anderson. . ! All this accomplished, I went to my j secretary and took out the weapon of death. \ It was simply a revolver, small and in- j significant enaugb. in appearance, but all [ fiuincient. naving examined tne cuririugtB ; to make sure that there would be no failure, ] I eat down before the fire, and placed the cold ] muzzle to my forehead. j la another second I should have been life- ! less, but juet as my finger began to press the : trigger there came a tap on ray door. It. I startled me, and hastily concealing my j weapon, I called put that I could admit nc one.' 'Kot me, Fred ?' j I knew Carrie's voice, and yearning to lock j on her loved face got the mastery of me. ' Qaietly clipping the tell-tale letters, which '. I had left on the table, into my pocket, I ? opened the door. ?; ' Oh, Feed '. you are real sick,' exclaimed i Carrie, the moment the light leUon mj face. ' 'Why did you not sent for me? Aren't ? you better T1 i ' Worce,' I answered, huskily ; ' but | Cerrie— good Heaven's !' j As I uttered this exclamation I started back, and then forward : and then — [hardly ! know what, for, hanging across Carrie's arm, j wae my overcoat ! I Eecovering from my astonishment, I] snatched it from her, and thrust my hand | into the pocket. I drew out the two thousand two hundred arid fifty pounds. Tou have heard about, and perhaps seen, the singular capers of & madman, or the ! wild antics of those crazed with rum, or. the ! grotesque dancing of savages. Well, judging i i from what Carrie told me and from the ap- ; pearanee -c£ rav apEitment siter it ?wae all over, I am led to believe that, were it poeeihle j to concentrate the three above . mentioned j species of demons into one, tbeir capering j and dancing would appear tame in compari son with mine that night. \ But I cooled down after a while, and just j i in tima to save Carrie's head a thump from the chair cr the wasbetand. which I had selected as partners in my crazy ws'tz. j Then I aeked for an explanation. It waa ?? the simplest thing imaginable. I do not i know why I bad not thought of it before. It ! was simply a blunder of Carrie's father. Hs had mistaken my coat for hie owa, and worn : it down town, never dreaming that a small : fortune was lying idly in one of- the ' pockets. ; Well, I didn't have the brain fever over the ] affair, but I was next door to it. I rnsde s ] clean breast of the whole thing excepting my \ attempt, or, rather, my resolve, at self de- ! struction. Ko one ever guesEed thst part of j it. and f tell it to- day for the lLst time. ' I sent Mr. Anderson his. receipt, handed ' over the money to Mr Winston, and went ! right on with my duties, e wiser and bexter ! man, I hope. And to-morrow, God willing, ! F shnll lead Carrie to the aitar. i 