AN ARCTIC PHANTOM. Br J. W. HENDEESON, It was in January, and we were in latitude 15dcg. 21min. south. The heat was beyond description, for we were lyingbeoalmed under a tropioal sun. The sea was a deep sapphire blue, translucent to a mysterious depth, so that, leaning over tho rail, one could eee bits of gayly tinted sea-weed floating far below the surface. Occasionally a brown fiab, looking purple through the glorifying water,would Bhoot olose to the ship and then, smiting the placid depthB into shivering silver, go sourrying away into the infinite unknown of the great deep. There was not a breath of air. The eea lay like molten glass under the pitiless sun, and the long undulation of the swell seemed like the deep pan tings of a heat oppreseed bosom. The horizon was lost in a dim gray haze that quivered with the radiant heat, and gave everything an appearance o! melting. The pitch in the Beams of the deck was soft and sticky. Sammy Sourles, the sccnnd mate, deolared that on the forccastle deck eke pitch waB boiling. We were aboard the ship Afton Falls, homeward bound from the Caps of Qood Hope. Fred Meredith and I wore taking a long sea-voyage for the benefit of out health. We had been fortunate enough to secure berths on the Afton Falls for the voyage from New York to the Cape and back. The ship was a big, able oraft of Novia Sootia build, commanded by Captain Harry Bown, &B; fine a sailorman as ever handled a pig-yoke. We had beon at Durban, and had rolled almost down to our lower yard- arms on the big swell that always tumbles in towards that uninviting beaoh, and we had wondered how on earth any sane perBon could choose such a place to live in. We bad also been under the shadow of Tabic Book, and had come out ot the bay in one of those rushing winds that come down the mountain and blow a gale inside the bay, when outside the sea is smooth and the wind very light. And here we were a few hundred miles on our long trip, becalmed and baking. Captain Bown, Meredith, and I wore Bitting under an awning spread over one side of tho quarterdeck. The ship was under a splendid display of canvaB, but the 6ails were simply bleaching in the Bun. The courses were olewed up, in tha vain hep3 that a stray breath of air might Bteal along the drck. The man at the wheel moppsd his brow, and stared helplessly at tho comp&BB; card. The 6hip had no steerage-way. The vesselWOE full of groans and creaks and the clicking of hooked doors as eho rolled lazily on tbe long, low swells. Sammy Scarles, the sooond mate, had gone to the main topmast head, for he deolared that ho had got a little fanning every time she rolled. The men forward were lying about in all sorts of attitudes expressive of weariness and disgust. One fellow climbed cut on the jib-boom, went to sleep and almoBt fell overboard. As we sat staring at ono another, the voice of the coloured cook arose from the galley trolling a ditty which he ho had packed up in the Southern States: " Dig byah nig^ah ain't gwine ter die Till old Jim Crow come roun' by-me-by, An'say««Hey, niggab, yo'gotterfly high'; Umph-umph 1 Ah, omph-umph 1" The Captain, F/ed, and I looked at one another. and smiled. We wondered how any one ooald muster up energy enough to sing. For a few miauteB nothing was heard save the creaking of tho ship's timbers and the flapping of her idle canvas. Then tho oook lifted up hie voice again : • I wish I war in Baffin's Bay, Whar all the niggahs am made ob clay, An' possoms go a skatin' ebbery day. Hoop-te- loody 1 Ain't dat gBy ? Slidin' duwn a iceberg in Baflin's Bay.'" At tbat the three cf us burst into laugh' ter, and Captain Bown said : " I believe the fellow's right. The only thing to do on such a day iB to imagine you are in a cold plaoe." You arc just right," said Fred. " I wish I were doing a cake walk around the north pole." •Well. I don't believe I should care much about that," eaid I. The noith pole is a hard place to get to, and a harder place to get away from." " That's very true, sir," said Peter Young, the first mate, who bad iust finished taking a sight, and was on his way below. ''Did you ever hear of the whaling Bbip Young Phoenix." "No," exolaimed Fred. "What aboat hvrf" •Well, eir, Bhe's a 335-ton whaler that went out about two years ago. Sho was as fine a vessel as ever carried a cook, sir. and waB said to be a hard one to beat on a bowline. Well, the got caught in tho ioe a hundred miles or so north of Point Barrow, and was crushed in below the water line, so that she was supposed to be sinking, and her crew abandoned her. The crew escaped, and made their way back to civilised parts ot the world,but their ship did not sink." " What beoame of her ?" I asked. " Well, Bi»," said the mate, with a mysterious air, " she's Bailing those (seas yet, without a captain or without a crew." " How do you know ?" demanded Fred. " She's been sighted, sir. More than that, she's been boarded." When I" " How I" we exclaimed. " List spring a man namod Leavitt, Eighted a whaler standing towards shore, eurrounded by ice-bergs. There she was, with her fore and main topiails set, and all her gear just glittering with ioe in the sunlight." " How was it she hadn't sunk ?" asked Fred. •* Wiiy, bles3 you, sir, Bbe wasn't in the water at all. She was abcut fifty feet away from it, up on the ice, resting there just ae comfortable GS a biby in a cradle, and just as safe too. Laavits boarded her, and found everything on her decks as neat as if all hands had ju3t gone ashore for a iaik. You see the ice had cquoczed in under her, and lifted her up." << And yoa think ohs's there yot ?" I inquired. " Just as sure aa over you live, eir. Why, the ice up there doesn't melt all away in ihe epring, It breaks op in eome places, bet mostly it just keeps growing aud growiDg, and I ehouldn't wonder at all if some of those largo bergs were hundreds of years old. Don't you think eo, Captain ?" " I think you are about right, Youc?-, eaid the captain. " I have heard about that whaler, but sho isn't a marker on an arctic yarn ehe reminds me of." "Something in your own experience, Cap?" I asked. " Yes." " Then by all means let as hear it," said Fred. " I never knew you had been a whaler." " Yes," said the Captain, " when I WBB in oommand of the Sealskin, I was well-known at Upernavik, and they do say I have been away up——Bat that's what I am coming to. I had been cne summer knooking about the entrance of Baffin's Bay, and hadn't done a great deal. I was told by some Esquimaux that a large number of right whaleB had been eeen off tbe ease coast of Greenland, and I decided to cruiso that way. In August wo hadn't seen a ghost cf a whale, but I pushed on, and when about sixty mileB eaBt of Gael Hawk's Bay, the wcloomo cry came from tbe crow's neat, "«Ther-r-r-e she blows 1' " • Where away V I shouted, < Two points oS the lee bow, sir.' " Well. I am not going into a whaling etory. It's enough to say we got that brute, and did a big trade in tbe course of the next eix weeks. Two months later I shaped my course towards Spitzbergen, to go into winter quarters thero, and start north in the Bpring. I had tho north pole iever, which so often catohee whalers, and I wanted to Bteal a march on every one else. On October 7th, a Bail was sighted far away tc the northward, and I wondered whether seme other fellow had my idea. However, I had cot much time to wonder, for no sooner had wo sighted that sail than it began to blow from the south- south east, and in a few hcure we found ourselves in a most terrific gale of wind. " As it was blowing my way, I rtuddea with the wind for iorty-eight hours, iry last observations as our coon position, giving lat. 7Sleg. 41rnin. ncrtb, end long. 7dcg. 37min, west. How far beyond that we went no man will ever know. 3Jy reckoning was entirely lost. I had no idea where we were The cold was intense, and great bergs loomed up in all directions, the sea breaking against them filled the air with thunder. In themidst of this awe- inspiring scene I w&e; astounded by hearing the cry, * Sail bo i* " She was not more than three miles away. She was a vessel of very old build, with & high-poop deck, and she was under all plain sail going like a phantom, and scon disap peared. I beat to the southward for fou* days, fighting against head seas and through ioe, when tho sun came out, and I got sights to determine our position. Where do ycJ suppose we were ?" " Where!" wa both askad, eagerly. *• In lat. 81deg. 57mm. north, and long. lOdeg. 42aiin. west. How far north of that we had been thai we should have taken fcui days to beat baok, is beyond me to guesB." 1 1 What beoame of the strange Ehip ?" I asked. " I am ooming to that. We went int< winter-quarters in Mosel Bay. In thespric; we made excursions on sledges, and on cm of theso we found our phantom. As wi rounded a point one of the men cried: ' Bail ho ! There ehe ia again 1' " And there was our old acquaintance, Btil. under sll sail, but motionless. Seeing ibm Ehe was fast in the ice, I boarded her. H^i rigging was sheathed in ice, and licr entirt appearance was weird and alarming, j scarohed high and low over bGr dcobs ncd ii li6r cabins, but found no signs of either lift or death. 1 was just coming away fiom hei cabin, filled with wonder and awe at tht strange rencontrc, when I saw, pinned to the cabin table with an old-fashioned dagger, a piece of paper, yellow with age, containing some faint writing in a strange language. Upon going over it, on returning to my own ehip, a Dutch sailor said it was in his tongue, but some of the words were now out of ate. It read thus: "Christmas, 1735 " This day wo must leave the ship, Wi have been without food, save one ptarmigan, for two days. The ship is frozen faBt in ttc ice, with all her Bails set, and we are not strong enough to furl them. We must try to find land, where the savages may feed tie or put us out of our misery. Why did we ever eeck for health in these frozen eeas? It is—" And there tho writing became illegible." "And did you you leave the old ship there ?" asked Fred. "* " No; we burnt her. She had been careering over the deep long enough, freezing fast when winter came,and Bet loose in the spring, for G3 years. «• And is this the strangest thing that ever happened in your cxpcrience at eea?" I asked. " Yes, by far the strangest." "That beats the Young Pbojnixhollow," said the first mate, going below. We were silent for a moment or two. Then Sammy Scarles came rattling down from the maintop-mast head, crying "Heie oomes a breeze." 