ons AUSTRALIAN STORIES MATIBIALISING i GHOST, „ ob, A CHRISTMAS EVE AO VENTURE. Br f. G. O'Bgxootue. . It was in toe beginning of summer, in the year 1873, that the sylvan solitudes of a valley formed by two of the numerous ranges or spurs of North Gippslaud were awakened by a party of mounted prospectors amongst its primeval wilds. Unconsciously picturesque in their unstudied attitudes of graceful negligence, the bronze- faced, resolute -looking gold seekers, sat in their saddles scanning, with critical eyes, the diver sified and pleasing sylvan panorama that en vironed them. Their protracted examination of the land scapes did not arise from a love of the beauti ful in Nature ; although the valley might in disputably be taken as a compendium of one of her many varied displays and beautiful combi nations. Continuous travelling through scenery such as that which surrounded them, had somewhat dimmed the glamor of thai exalted feeling ; so that the lavish display of Nature'6 wild gran deur excited but little interest, and caikd forth little remark from the horsemen. The geological features of the valley were likewise unheeded. All were intent on a suit able situation on which to erect the tents. A spot was at length chosen, and under the low, spreading branches and umbrageous foliage of a giant eucalyptus the tents were p'.tcbed, and preparations for the evening meal commenced. Directly in front of the tents was an expanse of green sward sloping gradually towards the Moroke River, whose rapid and pelucid waters, eddying and rippling among the boulders that embedded its channel, and the branches and tree trunks that were piled across its coarse in bewildering confusion at every curve, ran with many windings 10 join the Mitchell. Lining the river 's banks was a tangled mass of vegetation, among which a forest of gum trees, their primeval grandeur as yet unimpaired by the selector's axe, shot upwards, and in long varied lines stretched away in dim perspective to the summits of Mounts Boiler and Tomboritha, be tween whose ragged " ton" the long saowy apex of the Bsrkiy Range was plainly dis- against the deep blue of the evening sky. - - After supper the compif jrathers for the inevitable smoke and yarn beforS luring. On thiB occasion, however, they do not appeuT to be in a loquacious mood. With grim com placency they sit on toe moss-covered trunk of an old tree, which had been uprooted by the tempest, or repose on toe gram, puffing medi tatively the while clouds of tobacco smoke from between their lips, and watching the curling and fantastic wreaths gradually disappear in the quickening shades of night. Brightly gleam the glowing pipes in the twi light. No voice breaks the stillness. An unusual and oppressive gravity appears to pervade the entire assembly. It may arise from toe fact that it is Christmas Eve, and that memories of other such anniversaries spent under more propitious circumstances crowd upon the mind— anniversaries probably spent with friends or relations whose familar form cheery Christmas greeting will never be seen or j heard more. Perhaps, the gravity is the out come of enervation, caused by a long journey under a broiling sun. Whatever may have been .'toe sense, its effects soon pass off. and personal reminiscences and adventures of flood and field follow each other in rapid and varying eucaeerion. One alone of the party retains an uncharacteristic gravity and cynicism, so much so that his cu.® : itaiona remark his silence, and in a ksnterisg way malm suggestions a« to the cause. "Yon are all at fault, undoubtedly at fault," rettented the silent ona. " One cannot think mid sustain a conversation al toe same time." "X was but recalling an adventure that oocaxrod to me one tSiriittnas Eve some years ago, and which 1 shall relate if you care to hear iti" " What is its drift, Jack, old man P asked Charley Dalton, the sage of the party. "Ghostly," was the sepulchral and laconic roply. " G ho »ta! R uhbiih !n exclaimed, Charley, " they fla n∃, unlaw " "This one did ' interrupted Jack, as he pro oesded to drag bi» long, spare form into st able posture for a lengthened talk. "Oh| well," replied the somewhat oettiftd at having his eloquence cut shot! in such a summary fashion, " we will not dueass the subject, fhe away." There Is np need tar toe permission to m repeated twice foraffer /sfew5 coughs, Jack at once faixiged tnta tkhBGftrjfecfc an Invitation from a friehfi. to- spend tffiriStmas - Day with Ma andfasBfaanly. Living, as I did' \- then, five milesftom the-townshipdf T — \- and neariy theaamc itance front any humah habitation, and seldom meeting any person with whom to converse, I readily acquiesced in my friend's suggestion. Where I resided was a creek, bordered, as is mostly the case, by la goons, which were a resort for many aperies of wild fowl. Thinking that a pair cr so of wild duck would not come amiss to my friend's wife, I took my gun early on Christmas Eve, and succeeded in shooting a couple, and also a hare. glairing these into a portable parcel, I started for the township shortly after dusk. It was one of those nights that one would select for a ramble — when the moon, unimpeded by a cloud, sails majestically and supremely across a firmament of aapphre, thickly spangle 1 by myriad stare. The night was warm and still. The chirp of the locusts and the far-off barking of a dog sounded dear and distinct. From the waterhole hard by came the monotonous, yet rhythmical, chant of the cicada, broken at times by tiie deep, house croak of seme huge " bull frog," who, floating on the water with oat- spread legs and inflated body, strives, with many spasmodic jerks, ho outvoice his adjacent " sharps." I had perhaps goneabout three parts of the ; \- distance when an almost indescribable feeling took possession of me. In other words, I felt by some inscrutable instinct that I was watched. I halted and glanced around. No living thing was to he seen, save the bats that noise lessly flitted past. I glanced upwards. A change had taken place. The sky was no longer citar. Light fleecy "wisps" of cirrus cloud drified quickly across the heavens, ever and anon obscuring the moon, and causing alternate light and shadow. Shaking off the uncanny feeling that caused me to stop, I once more resumed my walk. I had not gone far when a slight sound startled me. Once more I paused. At this moment the moon shed her silvery radiance throagh a rift in the clonds. I glanced hastily around. Something attracted my atten tion—something partly hidden by the deep shade thrown by a gigantic eucalyptus. Some thing motionless and erect, formless and in distinct, yet shining with an unearthly glow of translucent light. 1 was appalled. My frame shook as if with ague. The parcel fell from my nerveless gra?p. Huge drops of perspiration coursed each other down my face. 1 felt as weak as a child, and could only gaze at that portentous shape. There are times, we are told, when even the most reckless are struck with a feeling of awe — when the blood seems to chill and the heart to faint, and all physical power appears to be gone ; when the soul is startled and the checks are blanched, and each function appears to be Under the influence of some indescribable paralysis. Such were my feelings at that moment. With alternate sensations of fear, doubt and bewilderment I continued to gaze at that ghostly figure, standing so grim and silent beneath the great gum. Long ago I had reasoned myself out of all belief in ghosts, goblins or any of the other supernatural appa ritions which man. in his imagination, creates and endows with all the faculties essential to their existence. Yet, so unexpected had been the encounter, that all my former reasoning failed to stand the test so suddenly imposed upon it. It was not long before my normal self-pos session returned, and with it all my former doubts in the existence of ghosts. I stooped to pick up the parcel dropped involuntary at the first appearance of the mysterious, and on looking again in the direction of my super natural companion, I found that he had VanisVlRfl nflllfiAllRlv a nnrna olttnr# 4 Via — — — w— MrrAVWU4U6 mo ojA/ir where he bo recently stood, I glanced arcund. Nothing was to be seen. Was the spectre, after all, merely an illusion of the senses ? I was 6nddenly awakened from the reverie into which I had fallen by an unearthly cry, unearthly alike in tone snd portent. Turning hurriedly in the direction whence the cry came, I saw the fearful apparition coming directly towards me, gliding seemingly over the ground at an almoBt incredible speed. My courage being now equal to the en counter, I awaited the advent of the portentous figure with a coolness equalling my previous trepidation. The spectre was clad in a long, white, luminous-like shroud, which descended from neck to heel. Its hands were those of a skeleton. Its head a blanched and grinning skull, the sightless orbs of which, like those of that fabled animal the cockatrice, shone with a brilliant, unearthly light. My resolute bearing seemed to disconcert his " ghostship," for he checked his speed, and when within yards of where I stood, he raised his skeleton-like arms above his head, gave utterance to a word cry, and shot off at right- angles to his previous course. Listening attentively, I could hear the faint crackling of gum leaves, 'as from the passage of a ponderable body over their surface. Spectres according to the whimsical and accepted hypothesis, are- shod with wool. This one evidently, was &n; exception to the general rule. I determined to fathom the vagaries of this moonlight ranger. Grasping the parcel firmly in my hand, I waited a favorable opportunity to give chase. That opportunity soon presented itself. Once more the spectre came flitting towards me. Feigning fear, I crouched down alongside of a tree, and thus lured the figure nearer to my concealment than it would otherwise have approached. J am ping up, I made a rush at the spectre, but by a graceful movement it eluded my grasp, and darted off, leaving me far in the rear. With stern pertinacity, I started in pursuit urged on by the desire to investigate the source that incredible pace. After the first burst, ITjariifw % pace. \-- - A petmhaTsoundno w at traetedmy attention. _ A remittent hum not unlike themusical vibratidn iff tense wires had "become audible. Puzzhng over Has inexplicable sound ! ran on. Suddenly a log fence/surmounted by a bar barous-looking 44 buckthorn " wire,' extended its sinuous length in the path of the ghost. I quickened my pace. Would the figure attempt, the jump. My cogitations on this point were abruptly ended by his ghostship "turning, and following the course of the fence. A few hundred yards distent I knew that another fence joined and ran at right angles to the one we were now following. I felt certain that the spectre would not be able to jump the fence and preserve his diaphanous draperies intact. At length we readied the angle formed by he two fences. Cutting a corner I thought to tintercept the spectre. It was a vain manoeuvre. With the ease of a kangaroo the object of my pursuit cleared the fence and thus avoided me. The jump, however, had in some way displaced his anatomy. He no longer glided over the ground, but adopted a style which appeared a blend of the Irish gig, and the ungainly gait of a wounded 'possum. Igavechase. A few doubles, that woiiid have met with the approbation of the most exacting football critic, ensued. Than with a swing Iraised the parcel. Foran instant it bung, like the sword, of Damocles, suspended over the spectre, '.and then de ; scendsd. - I had a transient vision of a pair of ducks, a luminous body and the whirling form of a hare seemingly careering through space, and then all was a blank. I had materialised the ghost. On recovering my senses from the involuntary oblivion info which they had been so suddenly plunged, I found that I was extended at full length on a dusty road. Jumping to my feet, I looked for. the cause ef this startling denoue ment. There he was, sitting on a stump, still clad in his diaphanous draperies, swearing like a Van- demonian at a piece of wood that had become securely fixed in one of the powerful springs that were attached to his boots. At my feet lay a grinning skull, from out of which issued two beams of light. I picked it up. A circular hole, sufficiently large to admit the introduc tion of a small lan -era into the cavity of the Bkull, had been cut through the two bones. A copper stud connected the lantern with a leather cap which fitted the head, and to which a chin- strap was attached. 44 Well," asked my companion, when I had completed my inspection, " what do you think of my get-up?" " Wonderful, especially the springs," I re plied. "Yes," he said, "they are not bad, and but for ihis stick you Would never have overtaken me." I assisted him to remove the stick, and watched him don his ghostly human helmet. Then giving his draperies a shake to remove the adherent dust, he exclaimed, 44 Au re voir, my strong-minded friend, when next you attempt to materialise a ghost, don't break your neck by falling over him." " One moment. What is your object in masquerading so far from the township?" I asked. " Merely to frighten a holiday party. I trust that I shall be more successful than I have been in your case." Saying this he glided off. I watched the flitting form till it was no longer visible, then picking up the contents of the parcel, I resumed my journey and arrived at my destination in due course, and favored my friend with a narration of my adventure. " It is now 12 o'clock," exclaimed Jack, glancing at his watch, 44 so I shall wish you all good night and a Happy Christmas." 