LETTERS FROM THE LITTLE ONES, -Dear Flamingo,— I read ar very nice story the other day about a big dog. Tou, must know that the instinct o£ Newfound land doga to save a drowning person has been, eotnewhat paiDfully tested hy an un lucky Frerchmanr He' was .walking in the country with a friend, who- posfiessed .a imagnificent Newfoundland, ''? and incauti ou3ly qxiesti^ned t.b'e-truthof the animal's sagacity. The dog!s. master, vexed at thp slur, cast upon his favourite,, gave his friend a push, and knqrked hi'i into a shallow riirer. Turk immediately sprang iD,.«tt.d, seizing one of the tails of the im mersed man's coat,- oommenced to swim for Ian'. Unfortunately, another Newfound l&ndr;, trotting on the other side tf the river, raw the affair, and also came to the v scue.. . Dog . cumber i two immediately seized the .ocher tail of the, coat, and wished to swim back to his master. Turk hoid^fast and'ttru^gled for his side, and the owner of the coat cried in vain for help. A.t. last the coat gave way, and each dog awani proudly homa with a piece of cloth in bis mouth, ro that Turk's master was forced to plurcje in to save bis friend. —Your constant reader, Johh Ryan. New Town. . ?? .. ,: DeAu FxiiMiNGO, — I took the following funny p Sem from a Sydney paper,' arid send it'in Hie? hopo that jour readers may. relish ib.—Youcs sincerely, : : Dorcas. ..; HEY, DIDDLE., DIDDLE,; Hey ', diddle, diiicile 1 The cab and the -fiddle, '???'? Are gefrtins* old- fashioned, I trow, : More novel 'twould bo for a great wallaby The organ- to play with one toe. For the moon to give chase to the man on her face, - '; '' , And the comet to join in the fun« For the evergreen rabbit to weep at the .; 'habit. ' ' ? . . , .' '. ',. . . ..-.', '' ' ..' ? . :O? squatters infesting i!s run. For the novelist pale to yield up his tale I To the sheep of Bo- peep's woful verse. For the ghost of the corner to sit on Jack ! .. Homer ; White Coroner Cats seek a hearse. ? For small dogs to giggle when cowsgive a !, wriggle, ..:--.. \ That lands them away past the moon, IsTeaUy quite .stale, as is also the tal9 ? Of the dish making off with that spoon. Now, not to make off with a spoon whan v -there?s moon, . ' ' Is a far «aore astonishing thing. And to see the moon wriggle— oh, hey diddle, diddle, - In that case you really might, sin g. ? ' M1? DEABMB;FiiAMi'SG6,4^Iam not a very little correspondent, but I presume you will not object torr ceive the enclosed description from me of how to make a nice Tug for baby. A very pretty gif b for auntie's little niece or nephew, who is just beginning to creep, is a 'crawling rug 'made of coarse brown holland or red serge flannel, on which is applique figures of animals, birds, fruits, and flowers, and other objects, such as would interest a baby. These applique figures should be cut out of furniture plushes in colours that suit the objecfc portrayed, and the applique may be, made with twist silk or wool in overcast or buttonhole stitch, as th'e worker, may prefer. Some of the objects.Buch as applee, orangep, and lemons, may be of strong silk stuff or of wool or Bilk furniture sateen, and they should be raised above the surface of the rug by stuffing them with cotton wool before the 'final stitches are made th*!-, attach them to the rug. The tvl% should be about seven feet square, and it should be Btrongly bound with carpet ? binding in 6omb contraatiDg colour. The objects may be scattered all o^er , the surface,. without any set pattern— pict area of children or animals are the most popular designs, a mouse in brown velvet, peepirg at a, trap in blue woul; a little boy and girl, Jack and Jill, carrying a pail of l water ; a little old ? woman;- with;; a broom and a little dog-; &? 'cat on the'shbulder cf 'an old man with a long beard— any cf these will delight baby, whose busy fingeri never- tire of going over ' the - figures;— Yours truly, COnstakt Beadsb, [The description will, I am sure, be read with interest by maDy of my readers.-— .FiAMINGO.] w. v' ??..????' ' ?????-??'? Dbab Mb FiAMiNGO,—- You did not have meny letters from your little friends last week, but I thought the long one was very interesting. I did not go out anywhere en Christmas Day, but I went to a ^picnic ou-; Boxing Day. I have a pair of canaries; they are only young ones, so ttab they ? cannot whistle very much yet, but I expect they will begin soon., I am learning music, but I do not care for.it very much. I have been bo the Exhibition four times now.and the last time I went I had two rides on a little railway they have there. I have not been able to have a ride for a leng time now, for our horse has had a bad legy but he is much better now. — Yours truly, ' GHenorchy, Jan. 19. Bsiiii. ; [The Exhibition mnsfc be very interest ing. I must j ourney to Hobart and ice it shortly.— T'LiMiNGO.] The Cap*) Peninsula, South Africa, in an area of.. 200 square miles, .contains v1750 species of plants, of which 102 are orchids. The Japarese Temperance S6jciety-rat: Hawaii, which is only 15 months old, numbers^ 1700 out of : the 3000 JapaneEe *. residents. ?' 