DISAPPEARANCE OF MR. DERWENT BY THOMAS COBB, Author of ; The House by the Common," "Wedderburn's WUl," " The Westlakes," &c.; CHAPTEB XV. ASSAULT AND BATTERY. After dinner that evening Florence left her cousin to hiB own resources, but at eleven o'clock came down from Ann's room to bid him good-night. "Don't let them turn out the lights," hesaid. " It's no use my going yet. I may as well make myself comfortable indoors for another hour or more." She clasped her hands nervously as Bhe looked down into his upturned face. "No use going where ? " she faltered. "On the watch, to be sure." "Oh, Arnold," she cried, "I hoped you had had enough of this." 4 4 Enough! I haven't begun. Why, Fioy, I told you I meant to shadow that woman like death." " Never mind what you told me, Arnold. Don't do it; please don't do it. Oblige me in this. Mr Fairf ord was a friend of father's, he is a friend of mine, and this very morning you called at his house and pretended that he was a friend of yours. Please, Arnold, give in to me in this." " Sorry, Floy, but it can't be done," he answered. "It puzzles me you take such an interest in the chap. Yon haven't known him three months all told. You go to bed, and when I've discovered the truth, you II be thankful I stood firm for once in my life." She turned away very sadly, and Arnold began to repose upon two chairs. Shortly after midnignt, he became eager to be doing something. It was a cool, freBh night, and he turned np his coat collar as he quitted the house. Then he took his stand under the shadow of the large sycamore tree, and fixed his eyes upon the two gates of Forest Prospect. But thongh, with patience worthy of Joe Bodger, he waited there two weary hours, no sound fell upon his ears save the striking of the distant church clock, echoed by another within the house, the rustling of the leaves, and the occasional crowing of a restless chanticleer. It was eleven the next morning when he came down to breakfast. "No luck last night," he said. "Of course, 1 put the Johnny on his guard. An awful juggins I was ! WelJ, Floy, we'll see who tires first." Arnold Derwent was not the only person in Bookfieid who perplexed his mind about the mysterious woman in black. After going dutifully to church on Sunday evening, Lizzie went to her father's cottage, a clean white building, with a roof of extremely ornamental thatch, standing at a convenient distance from the churchyard—the field of Mr Mogford's labours for so many years that, at least as far as the living were concerned, he regarded that domain as virtually his own property. " It's my opinion you see a ghost, Liz.' said Mrs Mogford, the only black-haired member of the family. " I ve seen 'em myself, come to that. Take the night before poor Aunt Lotty died." " It wasn't no ghost," declared John, the eldest son ; " I never saw a ghost. I lay she'd holloa if I laid hold on her." John followed np the assertion with a loud guffaw, as he drew his huge boots farther beneath his chair. " If it wasn't a ghost," said Mrs Mogford, " I don't see no harm done. A person can walk what time she likes and no harm done, if so be she is a pegson ; what do yon say, father?" "I say the same as you say, Emma," answered Mogford, who from long- experience found this a plan which saved trouble and ill-feeling. He was a thick-set, bow-legged, dreary-faced man, with a shock of bright red hair, and an invariable smell of earth about his clothes. "We'll soon find out that 'ere,'* said James, the younger born. "How's that, Jim?''asked lizzie; "how are you going to find out ? " "Watch and see, Liz. Ain't that reason? If you want to flnd out what a thing is, just look at it, and there y'are. You're in it. John?" "I'm there, James." "I don't know but what I'll make another," said Mogfordj senior; "eh, missus?" Between a desire to afford her rash offspriog the natural protection of their father and to preserve her husband from danger, Mrs Mogford wavered; but at last the plot was hatched, and Lizzie told Florence all about it on Monday morning. Lattr in the day, meeting Owen Fairford in the village, Florence stopped. He ssemed entirely to have forgotten hb embarrassment at The Rookery the other night, and after some casual remarks, asked after Ann. '* She is dying fast,' was the reply. " Dr Viret doubts whether she wiil live through the day. I should not have left her, oniy he insisted that I should come out for half, an hour." When presently her small hand rested a moment in his rather large one, she longed yet did not dare to warn him of the rod in pickle. Not only was Arnold on the watch, but the Mogfords also; and, between them, surely Owen must be compelled to suffer. And there was another, still more vigilant, entirely unsuspected either by Florence or Qwen. Joe Bodger, having gained an inkling of the Mogford scheme at the L'on, regarded it as a design to take the bread out of his own opeu mouth. But when, about five o'clock, the clouds which had be«n lowering all day bnrst furiously over Bookfield, Joe rejoiced. If the l$ogfords were so ill-advised as to turn out, they would secure only a ducking for their pains ; nobody else was likrly to follow their example! Accordingly, he himself turned in at eleven, and was lying listening to the rain pattering on the roof overhead, when he beard a door opened and dosed, and reached his look-out jus* in time to see a tall, dark figure leave the gate, to all appearances the same in every respect as usual, except that instead of, or, for all he could see, as well as, having the face hidden by a veil, an umbrella* was* held low down over the head. Ardently as Joe longed to follow, he durst not. Besides the obvious difficulty that beWAS not suitably clad at the moment to brv. o the storm ; if the Mogfords defied the (lerxKcta and -watched, there would ensue a fracas, from which it was discreet if Joa absented h ; msslf. Meantime, three red heads, covered by ax many black hats, were bowed behind fchf churchyard wail, a few jards from the Utchgate. The rain beat piteonsiy down up.>n them, causing Mogford senior to with he had left the hazard to hie none, whom 110 we» tu good or bad, could hav$ ita»- ...er, anticipated sporfc. . from the '"'Axi arf- '„ . . , , , , okjjw*- ' pjacclated John, ss the clock struck i:.-.l*"-i'a.-! m-dnicfc". "H-jff rr.uoh ; .: ? In.what I'd iikf to know," i::- :-, • Mogfor-i. trying to twist himse-f so x'n..t rtiu should not fioii its way dii^c hia !.<.-• k. " Hulio r whibperod John. "I heard Siimmat !' Putting their heads close together, they liBt<-n°d sttentively- Yes, through the noise of the pouri< g rain thev distinguished heavy, regular footsteps, approaching si wly. " Look here," murmured James, ' m^ and | father 11 bide, while you go to gate, John. Then you'll tackle her, and—" " Not me, James, Me and father'!! bide while you go on ahead." '' Or maybe father'd be the best," answered James, no longer ooveting the leadership. "Stick together, one and all, I say," answered Mogford. A thrill of suppressed excitement was common to the three. " She's coming," whispered John. Raising their head above the wall they all peered over. Two Bets of teeth chattered, and Mogford, whose teeth were, for the most part, things of the past, quaked in his shoes. There was the tall figure in black, just as Lizzie described it, save the face was hidden by an umbrella. The pouring rain prevented the three watchers from clearly distinguishing any details, except the left hand hanging bare. As it drew level with their ambush, the Mogfords stooped lower and crept along under the shelter of the wall towards the lych gate. Then Mogford senior opened it. "We won't stand no nonsense," said James, evincing a courteous desire to stay behind and shut the gate; but the others waited for him, and three abreast they advanced to meet the tall black figure. Stopping right in front of it, they effectually barred the way. Next moment the umbrella was raised, and, to their utter astonishment and confusion, they found themselves face to face with Owen Fairford. He was olad in a long black mackintosh ; and, what with the darkness of the night, the blinding rain, and their preconceived opinions, it had been quite easy to mistake his sex. "Well," he exclaimed, "what do yon want ? You appear to occupy a good deal of the highway." Mogford felt that he was in a quandary. He scarcely knew what explanation to offer, and after rubbing his head for some seconds in confusion, stammered an apology, and, followed by his two eons, beat an undignified retreat As he declared subsequently, you might have knocked him down with a feather; and his wife summed up the whole case:— " Liz iB just crazed," she said. But tho incidents of the night were not at an end yet. Tme to his word, Arnold Derwent had watched and waited in vain. If he had not paid that visit to Forest Prospect, doubtless, as he continually told Florence, the woman would have come forth and delivered herself into his hands ere now. But to- night seemed to him propitious. Owen Fairford would not give him credit for sufficient perseveranoe to bravo the elements. It was exactly the night to throw him off bis gnard, exactly the night to bring forth the woman whom his watchfulness had recently confined within doors. Accordingly, he came out a little after half-past twelve, having waited till the last moment in order to reduce his inevitable ducking to the minimum, and took bis stand beneath the sveamore tree. He could not see much through the planting lines of rain ; t*ut ab^ut one o'clock, thinking he heard footsteps, he craned his head forward, and perceiving a person in black on the point of entering the farthest gate of Forest Prospect, ran swiftly along beside the hedge, and himself entered the nearer gate, hoping to intercept the person before the front door could be pained, WUhin a second of being too late, the door nearly closed, in bis excitement Arnold threw himself against it with all his force. It immediately flew wide open, and, to his surprise, he wss confronted by Owen'B stern, white face. Still Arnold persisted ; planting his right foot upon the mat, he attempted to make good his entry. " Leave my house," said Owen, looking down npon him threateningly. Bnt Arnold's blood was up, and he was not the man to be turned back by a threat. He stepped forward, and Owen immediately Btepped back, straightened his right arm, struck the intruder fairly between the eyes, and sent him headlong on to the gravel path. _ He fell npon his elbow, bent at an angle, and as the door was dosing a second time uttered a loud cry of pain. " Are you hurt!" asked Owen, coming to his side. "Good Lord t you have broken my arm !" " What on earth did you mean by forcing your way into my house ?" demanded Owen, placing his hands beneath Arnold's armpits to raise him. " Don't jaw," waa the answer. " Give me a handkerchief—just make a sling. Look sharp; a -little more, and I'm hanged if I shan't go slick off." ^ CHAPTEB XVT. THE DEATH OF AUK, A light was still burning in the hall of The Rookery as Owen rapported-Arnold toward* it. The bell sounded loud amidet tha silence of night, and a few minntes elapsed before Lizzie opened the door. She waa fully dressed, and a few yards behind her Florence stood, her eyes red from weeping. "I made sure you nad the latch- key,he exclaimed. Then recognising Owen, and remembering the purpose of her oouain's excursion, the blood flew to her faoe. " So I have, but my arm is broken," he answered. " For God's sake send for Viret to set it, and get me out of pain." The wounded limb lay in a sling roughly tied by Owen, whilst Arnold, looking faint and pale, olasned it with his left hand. They led him into the dining-room, and Lizzie lighted a lamp. " Tell me what { can do ! cried Florenoe, full of sympathy for hia obviutia pain, of wonder at the cause of his disaster. "Nothing, only send for Verit While they're gone yon can get some scissors and cut my coat off." " I will fetch Dr Viret," said Owen, and next minute he waa onOP more braving the storm, nor slackened his pa^e ontil his hand was npon the bell at The Laurel?. Tiger barked continuously nntil after a few minute*' interval, Dr Viree him»elf name down, fnily dressed, in the expectation tJf a summons to Ann's deathbed. "Mr Fairford 1"' he ejacnlat*-!?. Perhaps Owen was the last man he would have named in all the world. "I ornne from Miss Derwent. Her cousin has broken his arm." " Dr. Viret strode toward* the laboratory. "Come this way. Mr. Fairford. Broken hi« arm, ha* he ? Owen entered after him, *nd when the lamp was Tgbted, glanrel round U e room wi ; h its four-footed tenant*. " I know T must have a splirt .-omewhere, said Dr. V'ret. op c;n; on ra*er after another. «• I had a ct.uple d.- - i, when my coachman fractured his arm tli . e ye\rg ago. Ah, here we are. ' He • the splint, a coil of lint, and som-> s r a p -'eg. "I may as well take s^me onlo; 0 r, rm,' he added, as an »f tertho"e'ht. Then the two m-n left the h u e. f -.Unwed by Tiger? and as they walked qui kiy to. wards the lane, Dr. Viret a kdd now the accident happened. "Through me, to som^ ext --nt " Owen answered. " I had v 0Pen fnr a RfcroU » a rough night for a st- oll, Mr. ..iiord." '• And," Owen continued, n>>t hewing the remark, " WAS re- entering my house abont one o'clock, on the point of eloping the do r, when tome one threw his whole weight against it. It flew open, and I «aw Derwent. He still persisted in forcing hts way in, and naturally I resented such o-nduct. In fact, I admit that I lost my head, sent in one with my right, and unfor*on»telv be fell and broke MB arm. It is only a simple fracture." •' N'»w perhaps he will be satisfied," said Dr Viret, rather to himself than to his companion. *'Do yon often walk about the viliage s-t one o clock in the morning ?" be afcked, as they crossed the church ard, thia being a short way t" The Rookery, " Not often." Owen's tone *&s; anything rat-: rthan encouraging, and Dr. Viret became silent 1 until they left the lych-gate. " Is it too much to ask what brought yon out to-night?" he said. '«Yes, Dr. Viret, I am afraid it is." Florence opened the door, and led Dr. Viret at once to Arnold. For a moment Owen had seemed to hesitate, then with an air of determination followed her into the diningroom. " Get it over, doctor 1" cried Arnold. " I know what it means. Fairford will lend a band. Have yon brought any chloroform ?" Dr. Viret placed the glass-stoppered bottle on the table beside the other artiqlea, " Good man 1" Arnold exclaimed, with an air of relief. Then Florence was sent away, and Dr. Viret immediately got to work ; and when the arm was set, Owen helped Arnold into bed. " Bad for you all, this," said the doctor, meeting Florence on reaching the hall aga'a. " You haven't turned in yet—three o'clock, too. How's Ann ?" "She is dead," was the reply. "She died at half-past twelve. It was terrible to see her rat the last, battling for power ot apesch, as if she longed to say a few last words." Owen folded his arms and tnrned away as her tears began to flow afresh. "You're better alone," said Dr. Viret. " IH come over to-morrow and talk about Ann's funeral."' Owen followed the doctor out of the house, and stopping at his own gate, asked abruptly,— "What is to result from all thiB V' "Derwent will have to,keep quiet a few weeks, and be a little more abstemious." "I meant rather regarding myself. Of course, I am sorry the man is hurt. I am wondering whether he will make a noise about the affair." . "He knows he brought it on himself, Dr. Viret answered. "If a man tried to enter my house, I should serve him the same. Come, Tiger. Good-night, Mr Fairford." Joe Badger from the hayloft window saw Owen approach the door. Daring the last two hours he had endured all the pains of Tantalus. He had awaited anxiously the result of the encounter with the Mogfords, and been astonished to see the figure re- enter the garden alone, and apparently unharmed; still more astonished to see another dusky form dart in at the second gate, to hear sonuds of a struggle, and Arnold's yell of pain. That the cause of this proved to be Owen himself, instead of the woman, surprised him less. A suspicion of something of the kind had filled his mind for some time past; but concerning the purpose of these nightly wanderings Joe remained as much in the dark as ever. Although it was early morning when Florence retired to rest, she came downstairs only an hour later than usual, and looked up in astonishment when Arnold entered the room before she finished breakfast. Whilst Owen fetched Dr Viret last night, Arnold, in short, disjointed sentences, gave her a hurried account of his accident; and, whilst hardly blaming Owen for resisting his cousin's intrusion, it was entirely impossible to withhold her sympathy from the sufferer, -whom, in fact, she had expected to be an invalid, keeping his room for several days. .Perhaps Arnold stood higher in her regard jthis morning than since the first day of his return to Rookfield. " It gives -me a twinge now and then," he said, answering her enquiries. " Bat I'm a bad hand at lying up. It took ah hour to dress myself, and yon observe I haven't made a very good job of it yet." His coat, buttoned across the chest, hang like a cape outside his arms, hiB goodhumoured face looked pale, and black patches were visible under his eyes. '* Besides," he added, " I knew there was the funeral to see to. I say, Floy, you'll have to cut up my food. I'm like an infant, you know." She began to attend to his wants as he talked on. " To tell you . the truth, I don't care to play second fiddle to Viret in everything. 1 like to have my say, and I don't see why I shouldn't. Where are you going to bury "the woman? G«od old Ann!'! this morning." " It dopsn't cost much to bury anybody," ! he insisted. Besides, there'* the grave all ready. You've only got to have at opened and pop Ann in." ; :- " Mother's grave, you me&n; ?-' " Of course. What other could I mean, Floy?" "But—but there is spaoe for only one more^coffin, Arnold; and—and if father shoulcLreturn " " My jdear girl, he won't return. Practically the grave is mine, but I'll give up my j berth in it and welcome. What on earth is the^good of going to the expense of another, when this i J &11 ready 1" Nothing could so surely betray Florence's conviction that she would never see her father again. If she had actually nourished : even the faintest hope until now, surely ! nothing would bave induced her to yield to i Arnolds suggestion; but it-seemed to be just what the old faithful servant would have j wished, and it would certainly save an] outlay which must inevitably fall upon Dr Viret.' After breakfast, whilst Arnold was reclining upon the sofa, Dr Viret arrived, and, 1 having examined the :dressings, asked for | Florence. •'There's Ann's funeral to talk about,"he | said, "and the sooner it's all settled the better. " It is all settled," Arnold replied. We talked it over at breakfast, and we're going to bury her in the family grave:" . "Who suggested that?" Dr Viret demanded. *' Come to that, I suggested it. The grave is practically mine, you know; and I offered it to FlorencBfor Ann. It will save expense, and it seems the natural thing to do." "Natural—I don't see it. However," he added, "if your cousin wishes it that's enougzh." " Here she is/' said Arnold, as the door opened; "you can enquire for yourself." " So you wish to lay Ann in your mother's »ve ?" he asked, taking her proffered "Yes, I thought so, Dr Viret. If you •ee no objection." <•1—none in the world. If it is really your wish. Only don't be ridiculous; are you £ure the question of money does not Wise?" He appeared a little difficult to convince on this point, but at last the matter was decided, and Arnold drew a breath of relief. "Enough of that," he cried. "I say, doctor, I got beautifully sold last night, 6 didn't I?" ** Yes, you scratched a Russian and found a Tartar. I suppose you'll admit your blonder now. Upon my word,' you made me believe a woman existed, too, between yon." " I believe still, doctor." " H'm f you've pretty good reason for •oqptioism." •• Oh," Arnold returned, " I admit I was • juggins. Instead of going quietly to work, I put Fairford on his guard.. Consequence, be thought iie would hoodwink me. He took advantage of the rain to hide his face With an limbrella, and went out himself, instead of the woman. -Oh, I can see through |ib little garnet This explanation caused Florence not a little disappointment. If -Lizzle had seen only Owen.bijDBelf, there fraanot the least awed to• believethat he jwnessed a wife. ^Fet .she donld .not set Arnoldfcpraggestion entirely bii<mB«ide, as she wished. After all, ft seemed sat lust posslbl hint of the Mc&orfl;^ had the rumours which were now becoming prevalent ia the village. And when Owen arrived that afternoon, she felt still undecided what to think. It was a visit she hadghalf dreaded, half longed-for all day. " Sorrow won't mend your cousin's broken bones/' he said, " and it's not much use saying I didn't intend to injure Mr Derwent. To a limited extent, I am afraid I did. Miss Derwent," he added gravely, " I feel that you can't help a great deal of curiosity about—about " He paused in some embarrassment, and, after a moment's hesitation, she looked frankly up into his face. "I have felt—I do feel curious, intensely curions, Mr Fairford." "You must, I am sure you must," he continued; "yet I can't even attempt to satisy your curiosity. I have no explanation to offer you—not a word; and the worst of it is, that to a certain degree I feel I have deceived you." "Oh," she cried, "Ioould net assoolate you and deceit, not for an instant." "Thank you." He spoke with evident fervour, and then, after a short silence, added,— "I know I am subjecting you to a seven strain, and only to satisfy my own egoism— nothing else, 'nothing in the world. But I want to ask you, Florence, for . pit^s sake don't judge by appearances, however conclusive they may seem." To her the moment was an intensely important one. There appeared a certain sanctity about this interview, and-she put aside the conventionality which would have regulated their intercourse in an ordinary way. > " I have never questioned, never doubted for a moment. Of course, I see your life is shadowed by some mystery, by something very sad and painful. I—I only wish it were in my power to help you." " You do help me," he answered. " You help me by. the very desire; more than I can tell you, more than you will ever know. You give me the two things that are almost the sweetest in the world—your trust and sympathy. And," he added, drawing himself more erect than usual, " I think I deserve them." He took his hat from the table and stood with it a moment in his hand. Presently he drew closer, and she heard her own heart beat as die waited, wondering what he would eay next. - But it was only good-bye, and in another minute he had left her. CHAPTER XVII. NEWS AX LAST. It was Thursday morning, and the day fixed for Ann's funeral. The blinds were all drawn* down at The Eookeiy, and the sun shone upon them hotly, and the flowers looked cheerful in the garden. Mindful of Florence's slightest wish, as usual, Dr Viret had volunteered to follow the old servant to the grave. There was none besides; and she had gratefully assented. The funeral was timed for one o'clock, and at half-past eleven Florence sat reading the morning newspaper, whilst Arnold lay wearily on the sofa, caressing his wounded arm, when the visitor's beH rang. To their astonishment, Owen pushed past the housemaid, and, unceremoniously entering, ignored Arnold, whom he had not seen since the night of the fracas, and walked quickly towards Florence. I bring bad news!" he cried, evidently labouring under intense excitement. "About father !" she faltered, blanching to the lips, her face looking suddenly all eyes. " Mr Derwenf 8 body is found." Arnold rose from the sofa, not .at all quickly; doubtless his broken arm made his movements more careful than they used to be. " Good Lord!" he exclaimed. Florence sank back into her chair again; her eyes quite dry, a terrible, stricken expression in her face. "Where? where?" she gasped, barely able to form the words, " Tell me quickly ; let me hear the worst. I can bear it." " In—for God's sake be brave, Florence, Owen continued,—in your mother's grave. As he leaned over her she bent forward, and whilst her eyes seemed to protrude, and her lips wore parted with horror, tightly gripped Owen's left arm. 'I was passing the churchyard," he con tinned hurriedly, " and seeing a crowd, entered. The coffin lay beside the grave, its lid just being replaced." " Why—why did they take it off V' she cried. Arnold was pacing up and down the room. The 1 most casual observer might have perceived that the news which filled her with horror affected him very differently. His handsome, good-humoured face wore a look of elation ; his excitement was obvious. On opening the grave just now," Owen explained, " Mogford saw that the uppermost coffin had been tampered with, and sentforSergeantCadman. In the sergeant's presence he removed the lid; it was held only by four screws. Instead of your mother's corpse, he saw Mr Derwenfs." "At any rate/' cried Arnold, "the mystery is solved at last." She noticed him for the first time since Owen's arrival, and his attitude filled her with disgust and abhorrence. Even at this moment, so awful for her, he could think only of his own advantage ! Alas 1 a great falling off from the cousin of her imagination. "That is all I know," Owen said quickly, as if to slur over the other's conduct. "They were going to bring the coffin here, I wa8 afraid lest you should see it uripre- pared— 1 " But mother 1" Florence murmured, my darling mother ! what have they done with her ? Where have they stolen her to ? Oh, it is awful?—worse than any one could have imagined! It is barbarous I It must be the work of some ghoul!" Whilst she spoke, in all her earliest agony of mind, and in the terror which the news inspired, the tramp of heavy feet was heard without, and, with a glance at her ashen face, Owen opened the door and left the room. I told you Uncle Roderick was dead," cried Arnold irrepressibly. "I would have Bworn to it. Well," he added, repeating himself, '"it's all oleared up now, at any rate." Cleared up ! It Is a thousand times more mysterious than ever," she retorted. " Cleared up! Will it ever be" cleared up ? Who could have murdered father, desecrated mother's grave!" Silence followed, broken only by her quickly drawn breath, the ticking of the black marble clock on the mantelpiece, and Arnold's restless pacing back and forth. Even at this moment his movements irritated her, and she longed to bid him be stilL Then he stopped. Florence held her breath, and it might have been her fancy, but a deeper silence seemed to fall upon the room. She could hear in another minute footsteps on the stairs, as of men labouring with a heavy burthen; then silence again, till the door opened to admit Owen. * " I have taken many liberties," he said, coming to her side; "I have been ordering your servants about as if they were my own. The coffin has been carried upstairs." "To his own room?" " I thought you would prefer that." Already she was upon on her feet. "Will it be allowed to rest even there !" she exclaimed, " I must see him, Mr Fairford." : * He .opened the door immediately. Any one who knew her must be aware that a .strong will underlay her ordinary gracious ^manner. .: The coffin, stained just as it was taken from the grave, stood upon three chairs at the loot of the bed, and Arnold en one side, jtyoraooe <m the other. Owen lifted its Ud She looked do-.n i . * dearly loved face. Unthinkingly, she ^ • pected to see it as in life, or at the worst, ^ale and placid, as her mother's had been when she saw it the last time. But it was Arnold who seemed the most deeply affected by the ghastly reality. The shook to his system caused by his broken arm may have had much to do with this. Since Monday he had not been like himself, and whereaB his cousin merely shuddered and covered her face with her hands, he staggered backwards, and would have fallen if Owen had not oome to his aid. "Like a woman, am I not?" he said, a minute later, " I used to be aooustomed to the sort of thing, too, at Sebastian's. It almost turned me up, though, and no mistake." Onoe outside the door, Owen turned to Florence. "You must not stay here,"he urged. "In this house, I mean." "Oh, come, that's all rot!" said Arnold, as they re-entered the dining-room. "Be* sides " But Owen took no notice of his inter' ference, and, amidst all her grief, Florence liked to feel that a strong man was acting for her. "Dr Viret is eager to reoeive you," he urged again. "Let me take you there at once." For a few moments she hesitated, Arnold eagerly watching her. But liter what .she had seen of him to-day, his presence formed an additional reason for her exodus, and presently she left the "room to get ready. "I say," said Arnold, "it strikes me you take a precious lot upon yourself, Fairford. However, I can forgive you a good deal for bringing the news," Florence could not leave home, for ever as she believed, without many a pang ; yet she felt she could not remain whilst her father's corpse was there, and her cousin rejoicing : at its discovery., J She $>ade Arnold good-bye, barely touching his proffered hand, and accompanied Owien across the garden and along the quiet road. " Your couBin thinks I have taken rather too much upon myself," he stud. "I hope you don't snare that opinion ?" "No," she answered. "I am very grateful." * Scarcely another word passed, but when they drew near the churchyard, he quietly lifted her right arm and placed it upon his left.:: A small throng had gathered there about the grave, and he increased the pace until they entered Dr Viret's lodge gates. The doctor was crossing the hall as they came to the door, and directly.he opened it, astonished to seeFlorence and Owen together, she ran towards him. " They have found father !" she cried. "Found his body, and—and brought it home." For a moment the news seemed to take his breath away, the next he was leading her into the laboratory. Not waiting to be questioned, in her excitement she soon told the rest. " He lay in mother's coffin," she said, breathlessly. " Oh, Dr Viret, where have they taken my darling mother ?'' It was this which shocked her so cruelly, almost more deeply than the confirmation of her worst fears concerning her father : that her mother Bhould have been spirited away. "Have you seen the body?" Dr Viret asked, after Owen had given further particulars. "Yes, I haveeeen it," she replied. "I felt I must see it. But it is not father—I cannot realise that it is my father, It frightened me. But, Dr Viret, tell me what they have done with her ? Where have they taken my mother ? " Dr Viret rested a hand tenderly upon her shoulder, and, turning to Owen, looked significantly into his face. . " I thought it better Miss Derwent should not remain at The Laurels," Owen said. " Unless there is anything I can do " "About this woman's, funeral," exclaimed Dr Viret. " Time is getting on. Some one ought to follow her. No use asking Derwent,- and I can't go now. You see, my dear," he added, turning again to Florence,"there will be an inquest; most likely to-morrow. Somebody must be present on your behalf, Edwards, of coarse. There is no time to write ; barely time to travel to London, and reach his office before it closes. I must catch the next train. But who Is to follow A Ann?" c Florence did not like the idea of the old servant being laid in the earth and ~ no mourner present to pay the last mark of respect, and in her perplexity looked appealingly at Owen, who, instantly perceiving her wish, setiorth to obey it. After -summoning his housekeeper, a tiny woman of sixty, with white hair and a faded looking face, but . gentle, kindly nammw; withal, and leaving Florence to her care, Dr Viret quickly followed Owen from the house. On his way to the station; he stopped at the village post-office, and . despatcl iched telegram to Mr Edwards :— " Derwent's body found. Coming to consalt you." (To be C<mKMed). 