SHROUDED IN MYSTERY, OR WHICH GIRL DID HE MARRY! Br SKIFF BOBLASX, Author of "For True Lore's Sake," "Three Lovely Women," "Darker than Death," "An Ocean Seoret," "Recalled to Life," "Riches bo Ruin," "Who Killed John Cameron?" " The Police Minister," &o.; CHAPTER XXIX. HRS. EADCLIFFK TRUSTS TO LANCELOT LEIGH'S HONOUR AND MKE0Y. He spoke as a man speaks when in a dream, and with eyes wide open but void of all intelligence. Mr. Radcliffe's unoonsoiou* confessions, or rather half-confessions, had the effeot, hnwever, of oauiing Lancelot Leigh to atones return to his side. He regarded the unconsoioui man with Sashing eyes and compressed lips for a moment, and then turning towards Mrs. Radcliffe, who by this time looked as white as any ghost, he said :— " It is no idle curiosity that has prevented my departing, madam, but I eare enough for your daughter Rose to risk being called impertinent and inquisitive, and I do not now intend to leave this room until thoroughly convinced as to whether she has been perseonted or otherwise driven into the extraordinary course which shE seems to have followed, and whioh I should never have deemed her capable of taking, well as I thought I kn6W her." "Oh, Mr. Leigh, beliere ms that the matter doBs not all oonoern you, and that Rote aoted entirely on her own free will." "That's just what I required to be convinced of, and vague assurances will utterly fail to do it,"answersd Lanoelot. " Will you not take it for granted that a mother mutt know what is best for her own children!" " In nine oases out of ten I suppose that a mother does; but very often a timid wife acts nnder the coercion of a husband; and I would not at all like to say that yours would know what was the best for a child—for a daughter especially." "But you have only heard meaningless ravings. He is not responsible for hia present utterance*." "But a sleeping man or a man in a fit always tells the truth, when he happens to speak at all." " Then stay until he reoovers, and question him; but do not try to make me responsible for his words." " Were the matter of less import I would scorn to do so; but I love your daughter Rose as I love my life; and if she has been sent as a soapegoat into the wilderness laden with the sins of others whilst perfectly faultless herself (aad it would take very strong evidence to make me believe her otherwise), I shall insist on her being reoalled, and on every one bearing his or her own burthen. I could see that she was terribly depressed and oast down the whole dark and dreary four miles that I walked by her side across Rooley Moor; but when she persisted—and to me—that she was Ruth, I believed that she waa Ruth ; and knowing something of Ruth's history,loeased to be surprised.'*' " It is shameful that you should expect me to reveal the most painful family seoret*, Mr. Leigh." '' I neither expect nor wish anything of the kind. I am ourious about Rose, and Rose only. I know how tender-hearted and unselfish she is, and consequently how easy a thing it would have been to induoe her to suffer for others. But it is most cruel and unfair that she Bhould so suffer, and if I can prevent it she shall not." " Well, Mr. Leigh, you must argue the matter with my husband when he recovers. I can say no more." " Your husband will be in no safe condition to argue suoh matters for days to come, and the matter is one that will not bear holding over for so long. If you refuse to enlighten me as I request to be enlightened, my natural, and as I believe in this oase excusable, impatience, will oompel me to oall to-morrow at Olegg Hall and question Lady Howarth, who I oaa now suppose to be none other than your other daughter—Ruth." " Oh, Mr. Leigh, for heaven's sake don't do that. You can have no idea of what mischief you might occasion." ''Then why not prevent it by telling me yourself what I wish to know, and in short will know ? I have no earthly desire to make mischief, and as Rose is very dear to me it would be a strange thing indeed if I wanted to persecute or injure either her sister or her parents. All the same, I won't have her suffer, at all events too deeply, for their faults." " Alas! I seem to have no resource open to me but to plaoe full confidence in you, and then trust to your forbearance." " You shall never regret doing so, and Mr. Radoliffe has closed his eyes and become calm and still again, as though on purpose to afford you the opportunity. You needn't be the least bit alarmed about him, for I've known people in such fits for three or four hours, and we've done everything that can be done to relieve him." "Then I will tell you all. Rosesaorifioed herself to, as she thought, save her sister's life.'' "Her life? That ia hard indeed to oomprehend. flow could her sister's life have been in any danger?" " Her infamsus and abandoned husband inadvertently poisoned himself, and either because he wag too selfish to die alone, or for some other reason, aooused her of being his murderers. She fled in alarm of what might be the oonsequenoes of such a oharge, and oame straight home and told her sister ol the terrible peril in which *he was plaoed ; when Rose, taking an equally grave view of the situation, and not caring a rush for the man whom she was on the point of marrying for opr—I mean her parents' sake—urged upon Ruth that they should ohange plaoes, declaring to her that she would save her from.endless misery by doing so. Rose then departed, leaving her twin siAer behind in her Btead, and, I suppose, threw that fister's bat and veil into the stream, and le't her horse uncalled for at the Yorkshire- Etreet inn, in order to oause the officers of tbe law to believe, if they tracked Ruth hither to arrest her for her husband's, murder, that she had committed suicide in the river, or been aooidentally drowned whilst attempting to cross it by the Wishing Steps." " Good God, what a terrible, what an appalling narrative. And di<J tbey come— the constables, I mean 5" "No, the supposed dead husband oame in- stead The docoor whom Ruth had sent for ere taking flight arrived in time to save him from tbe oousequenoss of his drunken blunder, and he arrived here, alas, in time to see her who supposed herself to be his widow marrying another mau, for, as she believed, her life preservation's sake. Owing to the wonderful likeness between the sisters he was not quite sure 'twas her at the time, but whilst she and her husband were driving to Olegg Hall, he, in the guise of a footpad, stopped the carriage, and by the persuasion of a levelled pistol forced her to bare her right shoulder, thereby revealing a scar which he himself had inflicted on her in one of his savage furies. He has sinoe made Mr. Radoliffe pay him a thousand pounds for keeping her identity a seoret, and, until he drinks himself to d«ath, there is every reason to fear of his becotning.our annuitant to that amount." " Then, after all, Rose's sacrifice was a vain and useless one, and she is free to return home whenever she will?" " I wish it were so, and that she could come home, but onr great fear is lest Sir Harry Howarth should find out the imposture to which she has been subjected, and Rose's return would render such a disoovery still more probable. Don't blame her too aevsrely, for the deadly peril in whioh she believed that her sister's life was placed made her at the time regard snch an imposition as a very venial fault, nor can you wonder that poor Ruth, believing herself to be a widow, eagerly seized upon suoh a way of esoapiug out of her great peril; whilst my husband declares the girls were such a psrfeot pair that as long as he never disoovers the change Sir Harry oan suffer neither harm nor wrong there through. Of course that is mere sophistry, but such sophistry is all that we have to quiet our consciences with, though in our self-defenoe I must add that neither Mr. Radoliffe nor my-» self were parties to tbe fraud until after it was oerpetrated, for, strange as it may seem, even I, their mother, could never with any certainty distinguish one girl from the other." " You have told me a most strange and astounding tale, Mrs. Radoliffe, but I believe every word of it. Rose's sisterly love and devotion fully atone, in ray opinion, for any fault that she may have been guilty of in their exercise. All than you have confessed to me I will look up in my breast as an inviolable secret; but as your daughter Rose is still single, and in two or three days will be of full age and oousequently her own mistress, and as, moreover, I have every reason for believing that ehe still lows me, I will by no means promise not to attempt to discover whither she has flown, nor that I won't use every endeavour to make her my wife when I have found her." " That will mean to bring her back to Rochdale, where her reappearance might be disastrous to us all ?" " Not neoeasarily back to Rochdale by any means ; and something must be risked for her happiness and—my own." "I would cordially endorse that opinion if I only dared; but I am but a woman, and being pulled two different ways." " I am a man, and will not be pulled any way; but I will go northward in search of Rose to-morrow." "Don't be rash. Your business interests may suffer." " Let them suffer when heart interests are at stake." " If you will take my advioe you will act differently, and, in all probability, succeed much better." " Well, Mrs. Radoliffe, I'm not too proud to receive advioa, but I won't bind myself to take it." *' The ad vioe is that you will stay where you are, and attend to your daily duties ontil I hear from Rote, telling me where she is. If • you were to start for Sootland without such information, you might be weeks,' or even months, in finding her, aad when found in all probability you would have no horns tooffstf • her, for you oould not cxpeot your employers to keep your plaoe open in the brewery for so long. At present, however, I rnn't tell yo» whether she intends to go to Edinburgh or to one of the Saottish provincial towns. I know positively nothing." "Honour bright, will you let mp know where she is direotlyyoi! have obtained the information !" "Honour bright, I will, and whether my husband approves ot it or no. But then, wa are both of ns in your power." " I will beg of you to forget that. Yon may rely on me. Mrs. Radoliffe—as—as, in fact, I rely oa you." " Hush, he ia coming round. I'm sure he {• ooming quite round this time, fie looks more natural. " He is coming round, and oonsequsntlr, I us going off. I shouldn't tell him wore I you, that he has been making any embarrassing admissions. He will never suspect it unless yon inform him." " Than rest assured that I will not. Yes, I ' think with you, that you'd better go. . Goodbye." So .Lanoelot Leigh said good-bye, and this time really went, and as he quitted l3ie Wood, and hurried cm towards his home, he muttered to himself:— "What will not a woman do for those she loves ? But Sootland is not a safe oountry foi her to be wandering about alone and f riendlesf in. I hope she will fall into no danger." 