A UfiAJi GHOST STOUT. AT HAMPTON COURT. At last the reproach of the Paychioal Research Society is taken away. It has always been the joke against them that they, who seek perseveringly the spectral ex periences which others would only be too glad to avoid, never succeed in getting a ghost to take any notice of them. The mere presence in a haunted house of one of these investigators was enough to lay every thing that ever walked in it ; for, as Mr Lang puts it — When the glum Researchers come The bruies of bodies— go! But at last better luck hes attended them. In the forthcoming number of " Borderland" the assistant editress, a lady well known in " psychical circles" as Miss X , tells the following tale of a night she lately spent at Hampton Court. It will be seen that the spectre was not ouly proof against the dis couraging influences of the S P. R., but was not even frightennd away by an article on pimeialism. A tough ghost this : — SLEEPING IN A HAUNTED ROOM. I recently found myself the guest of a lady occupying a pleasant suite of roams in Hampton Court Palace. My room was quaintly pretty, bill somewhat peculiar in arrangement, and lighted only from the i oof. The folding doors were locked ; more over, a heavy table stood against them on the other side, and inner. The bedstead wasv >d k emalT dhe jvifchour curtains ; indeed, the room contained \no hangings whatever. The j8dr"j into tihe room opened so near to the head of thb V©d that there was vroom betweenpiy1 iw a very small table, ujpou jwhich I Jbopk-are to place two long candles and. & plentiful, supply of matches, being somen hat addicted io late and early reading. I sat up in bed ana gave my best attention to Lord Ferrer's problem, " Shall we Degrade our Standard of Value V' in the National Review. When I finished the article, as the clock struok half- past one, I considered myself absolved from further responsibility, and put out my lights, and was asleep before the next quarter sounded. AWAKED ! Nearly three hours later I was suddenly awakened from dreamless 6lumber by toe seund of the opening of a door against which some piece of furniture was standing, in, as it seemed, the empty room to my right. I remembered the cat, and tried to conceive by what kind of rampaging" she could contrive to be so noisy. A minute later there followed a thud, apparently on this Bide of the folding doors. "A dress fallen in the wardrobe," was my next thought, aud I stretched out my left haod for the match-box, aB a preliminary to in quiry. THE TOUCH OF A SPECTRAL HAND. I did not reach the matches. It seemed to me that a detaining hand was laid on mine. I withdrew it quickly and gazed around into the darkness. Some minutes passed in blackness and silence. I had the sensation of a presence in the room, and finally, mindful of the tradition that a ghost should be spokeu to, I said gently, "Is anyone there ? Can I do anything for you?" I remembered that the last person who entertained "the Ghost" had said "Go away, I don't want you !'' and I hoped that my visitor would admire my better manners . and be kind. However, there was no answer — no sound of any kind ; and return ing to my theory of the cat and the fallen dress, though nevertheless influenced by the recollection of those detaining fingers not to attempt to strike a light, I rose and walked round my bed, keeping the right hand on the edge of the bedstead, while with my left arm extended I swept the surround ing space. As the room is small I thus fairly well satisfied myself that it contained nothing unusual. THE APPARITION AND ITS LIGHT. I was, though somewhat perplexed, about to graut myself license to go to sleep again, when in the darkuess before me there began to glow a soft light. I watched it increase in brightness and in exteut. It seemed to radiate from a central point, which gradually took form and became a tall, slight woman, moving slowly across the room from the folding doors on my right. As she passed the foot of my bed I telt a slight vibration in the spring mattress. At the further corner she stopped, so that I had time to observe her rrofile and general appearance. Her face was insipidly pretty, that of a woman of from thirty to thirty- five years of age, her figure slight, her dress of a dark soft material, having a full skirt and a broad sash or soft waistband tied hign up,' almost under the arms, a crossed or draped kerchief over the shoulders, and sleeves which I noticed fitted very tight below the elbow, and hair which was dressed so as not to lie fiat to the head, either iu curls or bows," "I could not tell which. As she appeared to stand between me and the light I cannot speak with any certainty as to the color, but the dress, though dark, was, I think, not black. In spite of all this definitiveness, I perceived the figure to be unsubstantial, and I felt gniltv of absurdity in asking once more, " Will you let me help yon 7 Can I be of any use to jou ? " THE GHOST KNEELS AND DISAPPEARS. My voice sounded preternaturally loud, but I felt no surprise at noticing that it produced no effect up an my visitor. She stood still for perhaps two minutes, though it is very difficult to estimate time on such occasions. She then raised her hands, which were long and white, and held them before her as she sank upon her kuses and slowly buried her face in the prims, iu the attitude of prayer — whoa quite suddenly the light went out and I was alone in the darkness. I felt that the scene was ended, the cur tain down, and had no hesitation in lighting the candle at my side. I tried to examine the impression the vision conveyed. I feit that it was definitely that of reproach, yet of gentle resignation. There was no force, no passion ; I had seen a meek, sad woman, who had succumbed. I began to turn over in my mind the illustrious names of former occupants of the chamber. I fixed on one — a bad man of the worst kind, a bad fool of that time of wickedness aud folly, the Regency — 1 thought of the secret passage iu the nexs room, and began to weave an elaborate romance. " This will not do, here and now,' I re flected, as the dock struck four, aud as an act of mental discipline I returned to my National Review. From Miss X's descriptions the ghost seems to be an unidentified spectre, ai> least a century later thau the wraiths of Catherine Howard and the other unfortunate Queens of Henry VIII., who have hitherto been sup posed to be the oiriy spectral occupants of the Palace. 