IDIOSYNCRASIES. The present political situation opens up some curious problems for considera tion. , Despite the crushing, defeat which the Conservative Coalition haf /sus tained, it must not be supposed that the cause of direct taxation is safe, for the forces of monopoly behind that coalition will not relax their efforts to prevent the land value taxation proposals becoming law. These proposals have yet to run the gauntlet of the Upper House, and there a determined resistance may be oxpected. This must lead ' sooner or later to a constitutional deadlock, and an appeal to the people in order to settle definitely whether a representative or a nomineo House shall control the public purse. To such an appeal there should, be but one answer in any country pro -fessing democratic principles, and if a clear issue lay before the electors in each constituency there would be no room for doubt in the matter. But just at that point the real danger .will arise, for, whilst the anti-Land Tax Party will preserve a solid phalanx; the advocates of reform may be divided by minor issues, and thus the Conseivatives may snatch a victory out of the very jaws of defeat. The unknown quantity of course is the Labor Party, for if the same mad scramble for seats occur which took place at the late general election no thing but disaster can be expneted. * * .# Only by self-restraint and selfsacri fice is it possible to gain even the first step in reform, and in such a crisis as seems imminent the only way to ensure victory is to come to a definite under standing that no sitting member who has honestly supported the present taxa tion proposals bhall be opposed by any person advocating similar principles should an election take place under such circumstances. This would be a severe bub salutary test of tho loyalty of tho advocates of land value taxation outside Parliament, and surely it is not too muob to ask of any man who posos as a reformer that he should put thu success d£ the reform he advocatos before ony question of personal gain or distinction. At the last general election no such rule was observed, and tneu who had fought loyally for tho cardinal plank of the Labor platform wero opposed more viciously by Labor organisations than were the Conservatives who had opposed it on all occasions. Such tactics are calculated to degrade any party and to make political organisation a mere pre text for a selfish and shameless scramble for the spoils of office. * * * One such experience should be enough for any party, and it is surely not too late to' profib by that experience now, and thus avoid' hopeless ruin and dis aster. If tho reform party is split, monopoly must win] nothing can be clearer than that fact ; und the coming crisis will be the teBt which will divide the real reformers from the mere politi cal pot-hunters. In this matter the Labor party outside Parliament should take the initiative by discountenancing any opposition to their own sitting mem bers who have been tried and found faithful, and also by not encouraging any pew Parliamentary aspirant to enter the listsjn any constituency where tha fight lies' between a fitting member who has consistently.' supported land taxation and a champion of monopoly and vested interests. In such a supremo crisis as 1 we shall shortly have to face all shib boleths should be swept aside, and they must be swept aside iu order bo avert a crushing defeat. It is too late to put off considerations of this question until the excitement of an election makes party fever run high; the matter should be carefully thought out now and decided in cold blood, and in the course above suggested seems tho only path of safety. * * * ' ' It must be very satisfactory to the mortgaged Northern River farmets to know that the total assets of the Colonial Sugar Company reach £2,000,000, and that about three fourths of this huge property lies outside New South Wales beyond the reach of a tax collector. This is very fine for the Sugar Company, but, looking at the question from an ethical standpoint, some curious complications arise. For niany years past the inhabi tants of New South Wales have been contributing about £100,000 per year '? to encourage the sugar industry,' and, quite apait from the fiscal aspect of the case, ono cannot help being struck bv the fact that tho ' encouragement ' seems somehow to have gone into the wrong pockets. The farmer who. grows cane is a most 'discouraged ' person at the present time, and his tale of failing crops and increasing debts is a very sad onn. The laborer who cuts the cane has no visible asset other than his swag, and his ' reserve fund ' is ab besb some two or three days' tucker. Bub tho Sugar Company is all right. This brings us to the irresistible conclusion that the ' en couragement '' isn't what it is cracked up to be by Mr. Knox, and until wo can get to the bottom, of the business it would be jusb as well not to grow too enthusiastic j about the glorious results wljich have fol lowed the imposition of the sugar duties, j * * * .| Some years since in England the liierary 'gho3t' of a well-known public man sued him for services rendered in the way of preparing election addresses and after-dinner orations, and obtained a substantial veulicb. That sort of thing is nob entirely confined to the Old World, for it is reported that at a public meet ing in Sydney recently three speakers nelivered addresses in opposition to the proposals of the present Government, or rather, to speak mote accurately, three gentlemen read speeches on the above question from neatly gob up piles of manuscripb. All bhese documents and the principal resolution proposed were (as a curious pressman subsequently dis covered) in the same handwriting, and all the' paper used bore the embossed stamp of a well-known metropolitan place of resort for country, visitor?. The '.'ghost' in, this instance must have had a very profitable time, bub the incident will serve to arouse suspicion in the minds of any future audience when a speaker. appears upon the platform armed with voluminous notes. Boomerang. 