AUSTRALASIAN ITE~IS. No one (says the Melbourne Argus) would suspect from Sir James Patter son's austerity and turgid eloquence that his hours of ease are soothed by canaries. The fact has only been dis covered by the circumstance that some person, probably seeking to qualify himself for the Premiership, has confiscated the pots, for Sir James returned to his house at MIurrum beena and found a serious deficit in his aviary. Feeling, no doubt, the inconvenience of being without trust funds, the person referred to adopted the Premier-like stratagem of drawing on the resources of others, and accord ingly walked into Sir James Patterson's grounds bearing a business-like air and a perforated hat-box. The stand ing orders were suspended, and the canaries were passed into the hat-box. Then the thief adjourned. He was noticed shortly afterwards, and the breach of privilego being proclaimed the aid of the police was sought. The man with the hat-box was reported to have made progrc-ss from the house into the city by train without asking leave to sit again, but no trace could be found. The police are further leading the opposition, and hope soon to be rewarded for their labour by a recoup. In the meantime Sir James has contented himself with moving for a return. The New Zealand Commissioner of Police has issued a circular, in which he says that the practice of members of the force belonging to football and athletic clubs having been found to interfere considerably with discipline and duty, it is notified for the general information and guidance of all con carned that in future rio leave will be •granted to enable members of the force to play football, or travel with football or athletic teams, and they are strongly recommended not to become members of such associations, A fatal accident occurred on the premises of the Railway and Works Department, Glanville (S.A.), to a workman named Eldward Fitzgerald. He was engaged in fixing a bracket on a wall of an archway in the yard close to some shafting, so that when not in motion the belting could be rested on it. Another employee coming in later saw Fitzgerald being drawn around by the belting. Be immediately had the ongine stopped, and on returning Fitzgerald was found to be dead. His right arm had been wrenched from the trunk, and his clothes were torn from his body. The Victorian Government will ac cept the decision of the Legislative Council with respect to the land tax, but the income tax proposals will be reintroduced. The municipal sub sidy will probably be further reduced by £100,000. The statistics of crime in Welling ton, New Zealand, during the past year show that the number of all offences reported was 1929, againsl 1912 during 1893. Of these 63 males and 4 females were committed for trial; 1228 males and 199 females were summarily convicted; and 19. males and 36 females were discharged The total number of persons appre hendod or summoned was 1718, and the number of convictions among those committed for trial was 31 males and 1 female. The number of caser of drunkenness decreased from 928 in 1893, to 762 in 1894, of whom 64. males and 116 females were sum mnarily convicted, and 4 females were discharged. For the half-year just ended the profit and loss account of the Ballarat Banking Company, Limited, shows the net profit to be £3710, makiag with the previous balance, a total oi £6509. The directors recommend a dividend of 54- per cent. per annum and an addition of £1500 to the reserve fund, leaving £2672 to be carried for ward. The Tasmanian Government or Saturday decided to reduce the esti mates for 1895 by £20,000. It is nol proposed to reduce salaries, but to economise in all departments. The first shipment of live cattle from Queensland to London was des patched from Rockhampton on Thurs day, when 26 bullocks were shipped on board the steamer Buteshiro. A flood is reported to have taker place at 90-Mile, Coolgardie, last week. On Sunday hail and rain came down in torrents. Between Cane Grass Swamp and 90-Mile two water courses of from 50 to 100 yards in width and 3ft deep were formed. The Cane Grass Swamp, itself some 20 acres in extent, was covered to a depth of 4ft, and Miller's condenser was completely submerged. At 90-MIile Mr. LBow's store had 5in of water running through it, and two shafts at Hick's mine were filled to overflowing. All the dams from the 25-Mile to the 90-Mile were filled, as also all the waterholes. Owing to a rumour having been circulated that a house in Bank-streoet West, South Melbourne, was haunted, the residents in the neighbourhood have been annoyed for some time past by hundreds of persons who have cone gregated in the locality. Complaints were made to the local police, and con stables were sent down to move the crowd on. At the local court, in con sequence, a young man named Alfrod Noedham was charged with loitering on the footway. The doefen dant admitted that he went to see the ghost, and was fined 10s. Two fires occurred at Hob;art on Sunday. The first one took place nearly opposite the Cathedral. Hal lam's tailor's shop, Millington's boot shop, and Markbyg's tobacconist's shop being badly damaged. The other occurred at the Cascade.huildings, used as a training school. The superintendent and the boys worked bravely until the arrival of the brigade, and kept the flames from the main building. The tributors of the KIipanga mine at Coromandel, Noew Zealand, have obtained £6000 worth of gold from Ol6501b of specimen stone. The annual report of the Ballarat Amalgamated Miners' Association shows that last year 286 members met with accidents, only one of which proved fatal. The receipts amounted to £1386, and the expenditurb to £1521. The Primitive lMethodist Conference just held at Auckland (N.Z.), unani mously passed the following resolu tion:-" While we sincerely appre ciate the courtesy with which our brethren of the General Wesloyan Conference discussed the question of MethodistUnion, we resolve that we cannot see our way to accept such union on the basis offered, the conces sions made being small, while the sacrifices required from us include the exclusion of laymen from questions of the reception, ordination, the final stationing, and suporannuation of ministers. This is directly opposed to our church policy, which provides that laymen shall be eligible to a seat on any of the church courts." The Tasmanian Government have received an interim report from Mr. Surveyor liales on the subject of light tramways for the WVest Coast, and the localities which he thinks suited for them, and the matter is now under the consideration of the Secre tary for Mines and the General Manager of Railways for them to say which are tihe most desirable direc tions for the lines to take. Nothing will be commenced until the Govern ment have obtained the consent of Parliament to the schedule of possible lines, which will be prepared for it. IMembers will be asked to say how far the plan shall be proceeded with, and what works shall be included in it, and they will then be requested to vote a certain amount of unexpended balances for the purpose. There are no other moneys available, and funds can only be obtained in this way. During the voyage of the Balimba from Melbourne to Adelaide an appal ling accident happened, resulting in the death of a young woman named Mrs. Evans. Under the guidance of one of the men, Mrs. Evans, whose husband was also on board, went over the machinery compartment, finishing up with the screw tunnel. On re turning to the engine space the woman's dress was caught by the bolts of the 'shaft couplings, and in a moment she had been taken round the shaft and was dead. The half-yearly return published by the Curator of Intestate Estates of Tasmania for the term ended 31st De comber last, in respect of estates entrusted to him for collection, management, and administration, shows that the estates so dealt with number but 23, and six of the de ceased intestates were females. The amounts received ranged from £2 11 s 8d the earthly possessions of a Hobart wastrol-to £882 15s 2d, the realised value of the estate of.one who in his time was a consistent, if not particu larly fortunate speculator in the Hobart share market. The total of the 23 estates stands at £3747 19s Sd, giving an average of about £163 each. 