Short Trip from Rome to tlic Iloly Land, iu 1893. EEV. J. SHERIDAN, (Continued.) Mount Olivet - Bethphage - Church of " Pater Noster "-Cave of the Apostles Creed-Beautiful gate, &c.; . Before making the ascent of Mt. Olivet, which is very long, steep and rugged, my indispensable dragoman said to me, when our work was finished for the day, " Father, I will have a donkey for you to-morrow.' v What to do ?" "Ob, to get to the sum mit of the mount," he said. Well, X need hardly see that X did not half like the idea of riding an ass, for I had good reason to remember the ceremonies connected with the last buck-jumping donkey I attempted to ride when a boy, some 85 years ago. They were not of a very dignified and elevating character. I remember that, after a most humiliating struggle for the supremacy, I was forced to take a back seat in the gutter, and, by the time I recovered from the momentary shock, Mr. Donkey was gone. He had not even the manners to say good-bye, but took ^ his departure in the most unceremonious style possible. Since then I vowed against riding asses. However, the example before me everywhere I turned of Francis can Fathers and Greek priests galloping around in discharge of their duties on donkeys, had the effect of removing some of my prejudices. I began to think also of that triumphal procession from Bethany to Jerusalem well nigh 2,000 yearsago, and that it was on an ass Our Divine Master rode at the head of it. _ Much against my will, I had to submit to the custom of the place. Next morning, at 9 o'clock, my donkey and that of my guide were drawn up in order close to the grand entrance of our hotel. I covered my collar and neck with a handkerchief, pulled down an old travelling cap on my head, donned an old coat, atfd whilst my guide held on to one stirrup I got safely mounted. I found now, when too late, that I had nothing with me to persuade the noble-blooded steed to advance more quickly than he desired him self. Soon there was a means out of the difficulty, a young urchin offered me a whip at an exorbitant price. There was no alternative but take it, and I may add that I made good use of it, and I still keep it as a precious memorial of my donkey riding in Jerusalem. Being lully equipped with leggings, whip and spur we started for Olivet. My guide commenced galloping at a furious rate down the paved streets, and of course I Bhould let him see that my donkey could gallop as well as his. After pushing our way through the gloomy streets close to Calvary, we were soon on the Via' Sacra or street along which Our Lord carried his Cross to Calvary. We passed through St. Stephen's gate, over the bridge spanning Brook Kedron, and soon commenced the ascent. Following the Jericho road for a 1 shore distance we came to a ruined stone house close to the spot where Our Lord wept over Jerusalem, as recorded in the ? nineteenth chapter of St. Luke 41\. " And when he drew near, seeing the t city, He wept over it, saying, 42\. 'If thou also hadst known that in this thy day the things that are to thy peace, but now they are hidden from thy eyes. 48\. For the days shall come upon thee, and thy enemies shall cast a trench ?'nabout thee and compass thee roundl and straiten thee on every side. 44\. And beat thee flat to the ground, and' thy children who are in thee, andi they shall not leave in the6 a stone! upon a stone because thou hast notj known the time of thy visitation.' " I .Before reaching the Bummit of the mount-! ain, which is nearly 8000 feet .above sea^ level, there is a spot marking where the. angel Gabriel announced to Our Blessed' Lady her approaching death. This tradi tion comes from St. Epiphanius, Juvenal, MetaphraBtes and Nicephorous. All these assert that ahe received three days' warn ing before closing her eyes to this for a brighter and happier world. Having remounted we are soon at the place called «< Viri Gallilei." It "appears in plain lan guage that the Gallileaus had a boarding house on this spot, where they congregated whenever they came to the Jewish festivals. Here it was that, according' to the first chapter of the Acts of the Apostles, whilst they beheld Him going up to Heaven behold two men stood by them m white garments 11\. Who also said 'Ye men of Gallilee, why stand ye looking up into Heaven ? This Jesus, who is taken up from you into Heaven, shall so come as you have seen him going into heaven.' 12\. Then they returned to Jerusalem from the monnt that is called Olivet, which is nigh Jeresalem within a Sabbath day's journey. I next visited the Church of the Pater Nostcr, erected on the spot whero Our Lord taught tho disciples to pray, saying, " When yon pray say ' Our Father,'who art in Heaven," etc. It is in possession of the Carmelites. Over the door, as I entered, were the words " Garmel du jwter." I passed into an open corridor, through which I x'eached a rectangular cloister composed of several galleries supported by pointed arches and square columns. On the- walls of this cloister the Lord's prayer is painted in thirty-two languages. Having fully satis fied myself here in looking at antiquities and relics of every conceivable kind, I take with me from the garden some flowers and shrubs, which may be seen at any time in my study. After walking-down the slope of the Convent Garden, for some 80 yards, I entered by a door and descended by a long stone stair case deep into the earth. Here it was, that according to tradition, the Apostles met together before separating to preach the Gospel to every nation, and drew ap that formula of faith,; which is known as tho Apostle's Creed. I have some flowers plucked from the hallowed spot. After a quarter-of-a-mile's farther ride over rugged bridle tracks in a zig- zag direction, we arrived at the Mahomedan village of Et Tour, which crowns the summit of the holy mountain. The lofty bell-tower attached to the Russian Church is the most conspicuous object in or about I Jerusalem. From its position it has a | commanding view of the whole surrounding country. My guide tried to get the key to take me to the top, but failed. The cus todian was absent, and X had to be satisfied with the bird's eye view of the Mountains of Moab in the distance, overhanging the Dead Sea ; the village of Bethlehem on the hill- side, sis miles away; the hill of evil counsel, close to the city; the mountain of the forty days' fast, close to Jericho ; the Mountain of Temptation, to the summit of which the devil led Our Redeemer in order to tempt him to kneel and adore Him ; Mount Moriah, separated from me only by tho Valley of Josaphat; Bethany, at the other Bide of the mount, -where lived Lazarus with Martha and Mary; and other historical places without number. My guide, failing here, nest spoke to a Moslem young woman, whom he apparently met by chance, but who evidently knew him. After a few words in their own language she went away, and soon returned with the key of the Basilica of the Ascension. She opened the immense door, I and we entered an open court in the form | of a rotunda, in the centre of which stood an octagonal cupola surrounding the divine impress of Our Lord's foot in the hard stone. Since I was able to remember anything I heard of this remarkable footprint on the summit of Mount Olivet, but never then did I for a moment think that I should enjoy the privilege of one day prostrating myself to the earth and kissing that same sacred and blessed stone? Now, thank | Heavon, I have shared the happiness en joyed by millions who have been here before me, and who have bedewed this Bame spot with tears of repentance and love. I only regret that my adamantine heart could not, like them, show my feelings of veneration by similar outpourings of affectionate homage. I only wished I could. Here I found myself on the same spot from which Our Redeemer ascended into Heaven in the presence of one hundred and twenty disciples. Here it was that the cloud came down and received Him out of their sight. . Here it was that a few moments before His departure He addressed Himself to His Apostles in a special manner whilst gathered around Him, saying : " All power i3 given to me in Heaven and earth. Go ye, there fore, in My name through the whole world, and preach the Gospel to every creature. Teach allnations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost. Show them how to observe all things I have commanded you. Behold, I am with you all days, even to the consum mation of the world." When these and some other words of instruction were ended He cast a last look : on His holy mother and disciples, stretched out his hands, and blessed them. Imme diately from that stone I had the happiness of kissing, He rose from the ground high into the air, where a bright cloud received and hid Him from the sight of His friends. ' This was about noon on Thursday, forty days after His resurrection. Here I am reminded of the miracle that took place when the Empress Helena attempted to cover with a marble pavement the whole of this stony surface. Everything put there was removed by an invisible power, and she had to leave the bare surfaoe as she found it. Again, St. Jerome tells us that " when the workmen were trying to finish the roof of the basilica erected by St. Helena they found it impossible to complete the vault that rose directly over the plaoe of the Saviour's footprints. They had accordingly to leave open the space through whioh He had passed away from the earth and entered the cloud." Only the impression of the ' left foot remains to be seen; the other impression was removed to the mosque of EI Aska by the Turks, and is held by them in great venera tion. The cupola surrounding the footprint is used now as a Mahommedan mosque. Every year, on the eve and feast of the Ascension, the Franciscan Fathers, by paying tribute to the Santon in charge, are allowed to come in a body, decorate the mosque, aud celebrate all the Church offices and masses. This open court is surrounded by a circular massive wall of great height, evidently of very ancient structure. There is no doubt but some parts of it are the original wall of St. Helena s basilica. I could have spent hours here thinking oyer the circumstances of that ascension day, remembering that I was on the same spot where Our Lord stood, and where His blessed mother stood to hear His last words and receive His last blessings-where Peter and James and John, and the other Apostles, and the Maries and Martha and Lazarus stood- where some- of the most important and memorable words ever spoken were addressed to tnose He was now about to leave in charge of the infant Church. But I must away and have a look at Beth phage, the village from which Our Lord sent some of the Apostles to take the ass and colt to ride in triumph into Jerusalem on that first Palm Sunday. It is a wretched Mahommedau village, unworthy of notice. There is one Franciscan convent, containing the stone from which Our Lord mounted the ass when starting in that glorious pro cession. There is hardly anything else worth noting except the field where tradi tion points to as the site of the barren fig tree. I returned to the city, taking a full view of the golden or beautiful gate now closed up in the city walls facing the mount of olives. Tradition tells us that it was through this gate Our Lord entered into the outer court of the temple when surrounded by the thousands who shouted " Hosanna 1'' to the son of David. The Turks believe that the French nation shall on a Friday attempt to storm their city, and hence the solid masonry with which it is blocked up. This act, superstitious though it be, only fulfils to the letter, the words of Ezekiel, " Then he brought me back by the way of the gate of the outward sanctuary, which looketh towards the east, and it was shot. Then said the Lord unto me this gate Bhall be shut, it shall not be opened,. and no man shall enter by it, because the Lord the God of Israel hath entered in by it, there fore it shall' be shut. It is for the Prince. The Prince, he shall sit in it to eat bread before the Lord, He shall enter by the way of the porch of that gate, and Bhall go out by the way of the same." When Heraclius recovered the true cross which Ohosroes, the Persian Emperor, had carried away on | capturing Jerusalem, it was through thiB j beautiful gate he carried it in triumph to Calvary. During the time of the Crusades it was only open twice a year-on the feast of the exaltation of the oross, and on Palm Sunday. Walking along the banks of Kedron, towards the bridge, a Btone is pointed out in the bed of the Btream which bears the impress of Our Saviour'B hands, knees and feet. It appears from tradition that the soldiers having arrested Our Lord in Gethsamene, bound him with ropes, and when crossing the bridg6 they threw him into the stream. Hence the words of the psalmist, de torrents in via bibet propterea ex altabit caput. (To be Continued.) 