A RUSSIAN LEGEND. (FROM The Globe,) It may not be generally Hnovfn, that M, Adolphe Badin, the historian, has written an interesting work on St, Petersburg^ in the course ol whioh he relates a ounous ghost story oonneoted with the Imperial Family, whiuh caused great sensation among the credulous a few years ago,, and wWvh still atlorda food fov the goaaira, It took plage the Qhuroh of St, Isaao, which contains, among other relioB, a statue of the Holy Virgin, covered with precious jewels ottered up to her by the faithiul, It appears that not long after the death of Alexander n, a peasant was interrupted in his prayers py the auMea appearance of » jphantor^ .which rose before him. It was that of the assassinated Emporor, who wore the same bloodstained maatle as that whioh he bad on at the moment of bis tragic death, The speotre walked slowly to the statue, knelt down, prayed for a few minuteB, and then vanished, The peasant, although strioken with terror, was able to follow the move* menta of the mysterious visitor, and felt sure that he was not dreaming, Still tremb ling, ho dewribed his adventure to the verger of the churoh, who shrugged his Bhoulders and said he must have been drunk at the time, and had taken his visions for realities, The verger, nevertheless, reported the event to his superiors, who naturally laughed at him, But on the following day the ghost reappeared, Again he advanced towards the statue and prayed, raising his hands towards Heaven, This time the verger -was there» aud confessed that the peasant had not made a fool of him. He did not, however, lose hie head, and, though afraid to approach the phantom himself, he called in some of his colleagues, who, like him, felt stupefied at the sight. The Czar seemed to cast a sorrowful glance at them, and then disappeared behind a pillar, The witnesses of this strange soene made their declaration to the Grand Marshal of the Court, swearing to the truth of what they had Been. On the next day the same apparition oc curred, On this occasion the speotre not only prayed to the Holy Virgin, but also walked round the church before vanishing. No doubt could now be entertained on the subject-the soul of Alexander II. was tor. mented, and needed more prayers and tapers to release him from purgatory. _ The news was borne to the Court, where, it is hardly necessary to say, it created deep astonish* ment. At first it did not encounter absolute inoredulity, The members of the Holy Synod were consulted, and they promised to inquire into the matter. But Alexander III. lost no time in expressing his indignation that credence should be given to suoh a story, which was an insult to the memory , of his father. . He sent for one of his detectives,' in whose skill and fidelity he had the greatest confidence, and ordered him to clear up the mystery, Tlie detective went to the church, and, hiding himself behind a pillar, waited for the result, In duo oourse, the phantom appeared once more, aud, as on previous occa sions, directed its steps towards the statue, The detective, although not a superstitious man, felt somewhat uneasy, He had served Alexander II., and seemed to see him again aa ho was on tho day of his assassination, with his face bathed in blood aud suffering excruciating agony. The ghost prayea longer at the statue than usual, The detective, mustering up all his courage, glided softly towards it, but it moved further away. Inatinotively the deteotive glanced at the statue, and _ discovered that many of the most valuable jewels were wanting. This faot at once opened his eyes, and he dashed after the phantom, which turned out to be something more substantial than a vision. The next second it was strug gling to release itself from the detective's grip, but in vaiu. It was simply a thief, who, endowed with considerable imagina tion and audacity, had conceived the idea of robbing the relics in tho midst of the terror caused by his apparition as the Emperor's ghost. He was taken to prison, and eventu ally tried aud condemned in secret-at least so the legend runs, Mooni Gambikr MextJAfc IMPROVEMENT Sqoietx.- A meeting of this society was held in the Presbyterian Sunday-school hall laat night, when there was n large attendance of members and others, over whom the Rev. E. A, Caldwell presided. The programme was opened with an instrumental duet by the Mibssb Collins, after which Mr. A, J. Mac Laolilan read an interesting paper on the life of Adam Lindsay Gordon, going from his birth to his death. The paper was favorably criticised by. a number of the members, after whioh the meeting olosed, DR. STIRLING, m a report to the Adelaide Muaeum Committee, remarks "The prevail ing methods of rabbit destruction by poison, howovor beneficial for their designed purposes, will, I fear, ba disastroua to many species of native birds. The other day I saw neat Wellington, lying within an area of a few aorea, about fifteen dead ahelldrakea or mountain ducks, which examination showed to have fallen viotims to stryohnine poisoued wheat. It was, however, a good opportunity of obtaining a tiua pair of absolutely, uninjured specimens, The bodies were all' close to the Water, to whioh they seemed to have mode after taking the poison, which v/»a some dis tance away. In the same locality I have snen ! many magpies that had apparently died frum taking; phoaphorizfsd pollard, Though I have not yet found any dead bodies of the Aus tralian bustard, or wild turkey, tho faot that these birds have been much leaa numerous than usual in the eamediatriot suggests that possibly n similar cause of death has been at work amongst these omniverouB and voracious birds. I should bo glad to know whether any dimi nution of the numbers in other districts has been noticed since poisoning has bocome general," 