A sermon on "The Spirit'and Power," by the Rev. Andrew Murray Wellington, Cape of Good Hope, (Abridged.) Te shall be baptised with the 'Holy Ghost not many days hence. Ye shall receive power ,when the Holy Ghost is come upon you, and ye shall be my witnesses.-Acts i. 5, 8. The disciples had heard from John of the baptism of the Spirit. Jesus had spoken : to : them of the Father's : giving of the Spirit to those that ask, him, and of the Spirit of their Father speaking -in them. And on the last night he had spoken of the Spirit dwelling in them, witnessing with them, having come to them to con vince the world. All these thoughts of what this coming of the Holy Spirit would he were thus connected in their mind with the work they would have.to do and the, power for it. When our Lord gathered up all his teaching in the promise, "Ye shall' receive the power of the Holy Ghost com ing upon you, and shall be my witnesses," it must have been to them the simple summing up of what they looked for : ? A NEW DIVINE POWER " for the new divine work of being the wit nesses of a crucified and risen Jesus. This was in perfect harmony with all they had seen in Holy Scripture of the Spirit's work. In the days before the flood he had been striving with men. In the ministry of Moses he fitted them, and the seventy who received of his Spirit, for the work of ruling and guiding Israel, and gave wisdom to those who built God's house. In the days of the judges he gave the power to fight and conquer the ene-' ¡ mies. In the times'of Icings , and prophets ; he gave boldness to testify against sin, and power to proclaim a coming redemp tion. Every mention of the Spirit in the Old Testament is connected with the honor and Kingdom of God, and the fitting for service in it. In the great prophecy of the Messiah, with which the- Son of God opened Iiis ministry at Nazareth, his being anointed with the Spirit had. the one object of bringing deliverance to. the cap tives and gladness to the mourners. To the,. mind of ; the disciples, as students of the Old Testament and followers of Christ Jesus, the promise of the Spirit could have but one meaning FITNESS FOR THE GREAT WORK * they had to do for the Lord when he ascended the Throne. All that the' Spirit would be to them personally in His work of comforting and teaching, sanctifying the soul and glorifying Jesus, were but as a means to an end-their inducement with power for: the service of, their de parted Lord. :. Would God that the Church of Christ understood this in our days ! All prayer for the guiding and gladdening influence of the Holy Spirit in the children of God ought to haye this as its aini: fitness to witness for Christ and do effective service in conquering the world for him. The Holy Spirit is the power from on high for carrying on the work for which Jesus sacrificed his throne and his life. The essential condition for receiving that power is that we be found ready and flt for doing the work the Spirit has come to accom plish. ' "MY WITNESSES:" ' These two words contain, in divine and inexhaustible wealth of meaning, the most perfect, description of the Spirit's work and our work; the work for which nothing less than his divine power ia' needed, the work for which our weakness ; is just fitted.^' There is nothing so ëffec- ; ti ve as an honest witness. The learned ' eloquence of an advocate must give way : to it. 'There' ..ls nothing 'so simple; just, j telling what we have seen and heard,' or, perhaps in silence, witnessing to what has been done in us. It was the great work of Jesus himself: . "To this, end have I been born, and to this end am I come into the world, that I should bear wit ness unto the Truth." And yet, simple and easy as it appears, to make us wit- ; nesses for Jesus, we need nothing less than the Divine power of the heavenly Hfe > to animate, tb o testimony of our lips an«!! life. The Holy Spirit makes- us'witnesses because . . ? . ' HE HIMSELF IS A WITNESS. "He shall witness of rae," Jesus salo?. When Peter, on the day of Pentecost, preached that Christ, when he had as cended into heaven,-had received from the Father the Holy Ghost, and had poured! him forth, he spake of what he knewï the Holy Ghost witnessed to him, and lni him, of the glory of his exalted Lord. It was : this, witness of the Spirit to the reality of Christ's, power and presence that made him so- bold and strong to speak "before the council: 'God did exalt him to be a prince and a saviour; and we arel witnesses of these things; and so is the Holy Ghost.' It is as'the Holy Spirit be comes to xis, in a divine life and power,., .the witness to what Jesus is at the present moment in : his glory, that our witness , will bo in his power. We may know all that the Gospels ; record, and all. that Scripture teaches of the person and work: of Jesus ; we may: even speak from past experience of. what we once knew of the power of Jesus: this is not the witness of power that is promised here, and that will have effect in the world. It is th er presence of the Spirit at . the presen* moment, witnessing to the presence of the :1 personal Jesus, that gives " our witness thatbreath of life from heaven that makes it mighty through God to the casting dowa of strongholds. You can only truly wit-:" ness, tb just as much as the Holy Spirit is witnessing to and through you in life. THE BAPTISM OF POWER, the induement of power, ; is sometimes spoken of and sought after as a special. gift. We cannot be far wrong in praying; ' definitely for "the spirit of power." He who searches the hearts knows what is the mind of the "spirit, and -.will- give not according to our wordsj but the spirit breathed desire of our hearts. Let us, therefore, take that prayer of Paul (Eph. iii., 16), and plead that "He would grant us to be mightily. strengthened by his spirit." However we formulate our pray our, one thing is certain:' it is in unceas ing prayer, it is in bowing our knees, it is in waiting, on God, that from himself will come what we ask, be it the spirit of power or tho power of the Spirit. The spirit is never anything separate from God; in all his going out and working, he still ever is the inmost self of God; it is God himself who, according to the riches of his glory, is mighty to do above what we ask or think, who will in Christ give us to be clothed with the pawer of the Spirit.. But in seeking for the power of the Spirit,; let us note THE MODE OF HIS WORKING. There is one mistake we must specially) beware of. It is that of expecting al ways tb feel the power When it works. Scripture links power and weakness in a wonderful way/ not as succeeding each, ' other, but as existing together. "T was with you in weakness; my preaching was " in power." "When I am weak, then am I strong." (See 1 Cor. ii,' 3-5; 2 Cor. iv,, 7, 16; vi., 10; xii., 10; xiii., 3, 4.) The power is the power of God, given to faith; and faith grows strong in the dark. Christians lose much not only by not waiting for the power, but by waiting ia the wrong way. Seek to combine the faithful and ready obedience to .every call of duty, however little thy power ap- . pears to be, with a deep, dependent wait ing and expectation of power from on high. Let thy . intervals of repose and communion be the exercise of prayer and faith in the power. of.} God dwelling in thee, and waiting to work through thee; thy time of exertion and effort will bring the proof that by faith out of weakness we are made strong. Let us also see and make no mistake about THE CONDITION OF THE WORKING ;of this divine power. He that would com-, maud nature must first, and most abso lutely, obey her. It does not need much . grace to long and ask for power, even the power of the Spirit. Who would not be glad to have power ? Many pray earnestly for power in or with their work, and! receive it not, because they 'do not accept the only posture in which the power can work. We> want' to get possession of the power and use it. God wants the power to get possession of us, and use us. If wo give up ourselves to the power to rule in us, the power will give itself to us, to rule through us. Unconditional submis sion and obedience to the power in our inner life is the one condition of our being clothed with it. God gives the . spirit to the obedient. "Power belongeth, unto God." If thou would'st have the power work in thee, bow very low in reverence, surrender^ to his guidance even . in the least thirig&ÎÔviàlk weryhumbly in holy fear, lest in anything' thou should'st fail in knowing, or doing his holy will; live as one given up to a power that has complete possession of thy inmost being; Let the Spirit and his power have pos session of thee, and thou shalt know that his power worketh in thee. Let us be clear, too; as to ' . THE OBJECT OF THIS POWER, the work it is to do. Men are very care ful to economise power, and to gather lt, Where it can do its work most effectu ally. God does not give , this power for our own enjoyment-as little to save us from trouble and effort. He gives it for one purpose, to glorify his Son. Those who in their weakness are faithful to this one object, Who In obedience and testi mony prove to God that they * are ready at any cost to1 glorify God-.they will receive the power from on high. God. seeks for men and women whom he can : thus clothe with power. The Church is ; looking round for , them on , every side, ' wondering at the feebleness , of .so , much : of its ministry ,'and worship. : The world j waits for it, to: be convinced that God! is indeed in the midst of his people.: The perishing millions are crying for deliver ance, and the Spirit of God is* waiting to, work it. Let us not be content with the prayer for God to visit and to bless them,' or with the effort to do the best we caa ... for them. Let us each give up ourselves, ' wholly and individually, to live as wit nesses' for Jesus; Let us plead with God to show his people what it means that they, are Christ's representatives just as lie ,-was the.Father's. Let us live in the faith that' the spirit of power is within us, that the Father will, as we wait on him, fill' us with the - power of the Spirit. 