NOVEL. ... MING'S PERIL. ... BY I CAPTAIN CHARLES KING. __ " - '> if V "" ' CHAPTER in. (continued.) - ' I'd like to know how I'm to get " this cab out of such a hole as this'if I don't beat him, exclaimed the driver, rougMy. Then once more, ' Dash blank dash your in fernal Mde ! I'll learn vou to balk with me again !' Then down came more furious lashes on the quivering Mde, and the poor tortured brute began to back thereby placing the frail four-wheeler in imminent danger of being npset. 'Steady there! Hold your hand, sir! Don't strike that horse again. Just stand at his head a moment and keep quiet till I get these ladies out,' called "Waring, in a tone quiet yet commanding. ' I'll get 'em ont myself in my own way, if they'll only stop their infernal yellin', was the coarse reply. 'Oh, Monsieur Wareeng,' exclaimed the lady in undertone, ' the man has been drink ing, I am sure. He has been so rude in his language.' Waring waited for no more words. Look ing quickly about him, he saw a plank lying . on the levee slope. This he seized, thrust one end across the muddy hole until it rested in the cab, stepped lightly across, took tbe child in his arms, bore ber to the embankment and set her down, then sprang back for her young mother, who trembling slightly , rose and took his outstretched hand just as another lash fell on the horse's back and another lurch followed. Waring caught' at the cab-rail with one hand, threw the other arm about her elender waist, and, fairly lifting little jj Madame over the wheel, sprang with her to the shore, and in an instant more had carried L her, speechless and somewhat agitated, to the j;.. top of the levee. ' Now,' 6aid he, ' let me drive you and Nin Nin wherever you were going. Is it to market or church ?' ' Mais non — to bonne maman's, of whom it, if, is tbe fete,' cried the eager little one, despite ji her mother's stern orders of silence. ' Look !' she exclaimed,, showing her dainty little legs and feet in creamy silken hose and || kid. "L It was 'bonne maman,' explained Mad- 1; ame, who had ordered the cab from town for them, never dreaming of tbe condition of the river road or suspecting that of the . driver. 'So much the happier for me,' laughed Waring. — 'Take the front seat, Jeffers. — Now, Nin Nin, ma fieurette, up with you !' And the delighted child was lifted to her perch in the stylish trap she had so often admired. ' Now, madame,' he continued, ex tending Ms hand. But Madame hung back, hesitant and blushing. ' Oh, Monsieur Wareeng, I cannot, I must not. Is it not right that some one Bhall extricate the cab?' ' No one from this party, at least,' laughed Waring, mischievously making the most of o her idiomatic query. Your driver is more cochon than eocher, and if he drowns in that mud 'twill only serve Mm right. Like your famous compatriot, he'll have a chance tc- Eay, 1 1 will drown, andnoone shall help me, for all I care. The brute! Allons! I will ; drive you to bonne maman's of whom it is the fete. Bless thy baby daughter ! And Madame d'Hervilly shall bless Nin Nin's tout devoue Sam.' And Madame Lascelles found further re monstrance useless. She was lifted into the seat, by which time the driver, drunken and truculent, had waded after them. 'Who's to pay for this?' was his surly question. ' You, I fancy, aa soon as your employer learnH of your driving into that hole,' was WarLig's cool reply. ' I 8ay, I want five dollars for my fare and trouble, and I want it right off.' And, wMp in hand, the burly, mud-covered fellow came lurching up the bank. Across the boggy street beyond the white picket fence the green blinds of a chamber window m an old-fashioned Southern house were thrown open, and two feminine faces peered forth, interested spectators of the scene. ' ere> my man !' said Waring, in a low " mne, 'you have earned no five dollars and 110W Get your cab out, come to Madame d'Hervilly's, where you were called, and whatever is your due will be paid you ; at no more of tMs swearing or threatening, —not another word of it. ' ' i. yant my money, I say, and I mean to . ave I'm not talking to you ; I'm talk- ... lady that hired me I have not the money. It is for my other— Madame d'Hervilly— to pay. You " come there.' I f anL it now, I say. I've got to hire tns to get my cab out. I got stalled here v,nr n J011 and your cMld, and mean to mZe Pa5" right now, or I'll know the -v Your swell friend's got the Pay F' j J10ae my business how you But that ended the colloquy. Waring's fist landed-with resounding whaok under the cabman s jaw, and sent him rolling down mto the mud below. He was up, flounder- ing and funous, m less than a minute, curs- cwercoat gpmg in the pocket of his ? lieutenant. Look out'' cried Jeffers. - «fS a ?aat' a sbarP port, a stifled V0 cab' a scream of terror from the S; «,W f 5 i,nAhad leaPed hghtly aside, and before the half drunken brute could cock Ms weapon for a second shot he was felled tike a log, and Ms pistol wrested from his hand and hurled across the levee. Another blow crashed full in his face as he strove to hud his feet, and . this time Ms muddled senses warned him it were best to lie still. Two minutes more, when he lifted his battered head and. strove to stanch the. blood streaming from his nostrils, he saw the team driving briskly away up the crest of lie levee; and, overcome by maudlin contemplation of his foeman's triumph and Ms own wretched plight, the cabman sat him down and wept aloud. And to Ms succour presently there came ministering angels from across the muddy way, one with a brogue, the other in a bandanna, and between the two he was escorted across a dry path to the magnolia- fringed enclosure, comforted with soothing applications without and within, and en couraged to tell his tale of woe. That he should wind it up with vehement expressions of his ability to thrasb a thousand swells like tbe one who had abused him, and a piratical prophecy that he'd drink Ms heart's blood within tfce week, was due not so much to confidence in bis own powers, perhaps, as to the strength of the whisky with wMch he had been liberally supplied. Then the lady of the house addressed her Ethiop maid-of- all-work : ' Go_ you. over to Anatole's now, 'Louette. Tell him if any of the byes are there I wahnt 'urn. If Dawson is there, from the adjutant's office, I wahnt Mm quick. Tell Mm it's Mrs. Doyle, and never mind if he's been dbrinkin' ; he shall have another dhrop here.' And at her beck there presently appeared three or four besotted-looking specimens in tbe coarse undress uniform of the day, poor devils, absent without leave from their post, below and hoping only to be able to beg or steal whisky enough to stupefy them before the patrol should come and drag them away to the guard-house. Promise of liberal reward in shape of liquor was sufficient to induce three of their number to go out with the fuming cabman and help rescue bis wretched brute and trap. The moment they were outside the gate she turned on the fourth, a pallid, sickly man, whose features were delicate, whose hands were wMte and slender, and whose whole appearance, despite glassy eyes and tremulous month and limbs, told the pathetic story of better days. ' You're off ag'in, are you ? Sure I heerd so, and you're mad for a dhrink now. Can ye write, Dawson, or must I brace you up first ?' An imploring look, an unsteady gesture, alone answered. ' Here, thin, wait ! It's absinthe ye need, my buck. Go you into that room now and wash yourself, and I'll bring it, and whin the others come back for their whiskv I'll tell 'urn you've gone. You're to do what I say, now, and Doyle will see yon t'rough ; if not, it's back to that hell in the , guard-house you'll go, my word on it.' ' Oh, for God's sake, Mrs. Doyle ' began the poor wretch, imploringly, but tba woman shut Mm off. ' In there wid you ! theothers are coming.' And, unbarring the front door, she presently admitted tbe trio returning to claim the fruits of their honest labor. ' Is he gone ? Did he tell you what hap pened ?'- ' He's gone, yes,' another one : 1 he's gone to get square . with the lieutenant and his cockney dog-robber. He says they both jumped on him and kicked his face in when he was down and unarmed and helpless. "Was he lyin' ?' ' Oh, they bate Mm cruel. But did he tell you of the lady — who it was they rook from Mm ?' ' Why, sure, the wife of that old Frenchman, Lascelles, that lives below, — her and the lieutenant's been sparkin' tMs three months.' ' The very wan, mind ye !' replied the lady of the house, with significant emphasis and glance from her bleary eyes ; ' the very wan,' she finished, with slow nodding accompani ment of the frowzy head. ' And that's the kind of gintlemen that undertakes to hold up their heads over soldiers like Doyle. Here, boys, drink now, and be off ag'inst Ms com ing. He'll be here any minute. Take this to comfort ye, but kape still about tMs till ye see me ag'in — or Doyle. Now run,' And with scant ceremony the dreary party was hustled out through a paved court-yard to a gate-way opening on a side street. Houses were few and scattering so far below the heart of the city. The narrow strip of land between the great river and the swamp was cut up into walled enclosures, as a rule, — abandoned warehouses and cotton-presses, moss-grown one-storied frame structures, standing in the midBt of desolate fields and decrepit fences. Only amoDg the peaceful Bhadesoftbe Ursuline convent and the war like flanking towers at the barracks was there aught that spoke of anything but demoraliza tion and decay. Back from the levee a block or two the doable lines of scrap -iron stretched over a wooden causeway between parallel wet ditches gave evidence of some Mud of a railway, on wMch, at rare intervals, jogged a sleepy mule with a sleepier driver and a musty old rattle-trap of a car,— a car butting up against the animal's lazy hocks and rousing Mm occasionally to ringing and retaliatory kicks. Around the barracks the buildings were closer, mainly in tbe way of saloons ; then came a mile-long northward stretch of track, with wet fields on either side, fringed along the river by solid struc tures and walled enclosures that told of days more prosperous than those wMoh so closely followed the war. It was to one of these graceless drinking-shops and into the hands of a rascally ' dago' known as Anatole that Mrs. Doyle commended her trio of allies, and being rid of them she turned back to her prisoner, their erstwhile companion. Ab sinthe wrought its work on his meek and pliant spirit, and the shaking hand was nerved to do the woman's work. At her dictation, with such corrections as Ms better education suggested, two letters were draughted, and with these in her hand she went aloft. In fifteen minutes she returned, placed one of these letters in an envelope al ready addressed to Monsieur Armand Las celles, No. — Rue Royale, the other she handed to Dawson. It was addressed m neat and delicate feminine hand to Colonel Brax ton, Jackson Barracks. ' Now, Dawson, ye can't see her tMs day, and she don't want ye till you can come over here sober. Off wid ye now to barracks. They're all out at inspection yet, and will be for an hour. Lay this wid the colonels ,male on his desk, and then go you to your own. Come to me this afternoon for more dhrink if yo can tell me what he said and did when he read it. No ! no more liquor now. That'll brace ye till dinner-time, and more would make ye dhrunk.' Miserably be plodded away down tbe levee, while she, bis ruler, throwing on a huge, dirty white sun bonnet, followed presently in Ms tracks, and shadowed bim until she saw him safely reach the portals of the barracks after one or two fruitless scouts into wayside bars in hope of finding some one to treat or trust Mm to a drink. Then, retrac ing her steps a few blocks, she rang sharply at the lattice gate opening into a cool and shaded enclosure, beyond which could be seen the white pillared veranda of a long, low, Southern homestead. . A grinning negro boy answered the summons. 'It's you, is it, Alphonse? Is your mis tress at home i' , No; gone town,— ch'ez Madame' d'Her- villy.' 'Madame Devillease, is it? Very well; you skip to town wid that note and g9t it in your master's hands before the cathedral clock strikes twelve, or ye'll suffer. There's a car in t'ree minutes.' And then, well content with her morning's work, the consort of the senior first lieutenant of Light Battery X' (a dame whose creden tials were too clouded to admit of her recep tion or recognition within the limits of a regular garrison, where, indeed, to do him justice, Mr. Doyle never wished to see her, or for that matter, anywhere else) betook herself to the magnolia- shaded cottage where she dwelt beyond the pale of military interference, and some hours later sent 'Louette to say to Doyle she wanted him, and Doyle obeyed. In his belief at finding the colonel bad probably forgotten the peccadillo for which he expected punishment, in blissful possession of Mr. Waring's sitting-room and supplies now that Waring was absent, tbe big Irishman was preparing to spend the time in drinking his junior's health and whisky and discoursing upon the enormity ofjMs misconduct with all corneas, when Ananias entered and informed him there was a lady below who wished to see Mm, — ' lady being the euphemism of the lately enfranoMsed for the females of their race. It was 'Louette with the mandate from her mistress, a mandate he dared not disregard. ' Say I'll be along in a minute,' was his re ply, but he sighed and swore heavily, as he slowly reascended the stair. ' Give me another dhrink, smut,' he ordered Ananias, disregarding Ferry's suggestion, ' Better drink no more till after dark.' Then, swallow ing his portion, he went lurching down the steps without another word. Ferry and Pierce stepped to the gallery and gazed silently after him as he veered around to the gate leading to the old war-hospital enclosure where the battery was quartered. Already his walk was perceptibly unsteady. Keeps Ms bead pretty well, even after his legs are gone,' said Ferry. ' Knows too muoh to go by the sally-port. He's sneaking out through the baok gate.' . .'"Why, what does he he go out; there for, when he has the run of Waring's side board ?' ' Oh, didn't you hear ? . She sent for him.' 'That's it, is it? Sometimes Ivwonder whioh one of those two will kill the other.' ' Oh, he wouldn't dare. That fellow is an abject coward in the dark. - He believes in ghosts, spooks, banshees, and wraiths,— everything uncanny, — and she'd hannt Mm if he laid his hands on her. There's only one thiDg that he'd be more afraid of than Bridget Doyle living, and that would be Bridget Doyle dead.' ' Why can't he get rid of her ? "What hold has she on him? This thing's an infernal scandal as it stands. She's only been here a month or so, and everybody in garrison knows all about her, and these doughboys don' t make any bones about chaffing us on our lady friends.' ' "Well, everybody supposed he had got rid of her years ago. He shook her when he was made first sergeant, just before the war. Why, I've heard some of tbe old stagers say there wasn't a finer-looking soldier in all the regiment than Jim Doyle when he married that specimen at Brownsville. Doyle, too, supposed she was dead until after he got Ms commission, then she reappeared and laid claim to bim. It would have been an easy enough matter five years ago to prove she had forfeited all right, but now be can't. Then she's got some confounded hold on Mm, I don't know what, hut it's killing the poor beggar. Good thing for the regiment, though: so let it go.' ' Oh, I don't care a rap how soon we're rid of him or her, — the sooner the bettor ; only I hate to hear these fellows laughing and sneering about Mrs. Doyle.' And here the young fellow hesitated. 'Ferry, vou know I'm as fond of Sam Waring as any of you. I liked Mm bettor than any man in Ms class when we wore the gray. When they were yearlings we were plebes, and devilled and . tormented by them most unmercifully day and night. I took to Mm then for his kindly, jolly ways. No one ever knew him to say or do a cross or brutal thing. I liked Mm more every year, and missed him when he was graduated. I rejoiced when he got his trans fer to us. It's because I like him so much that I hate to hear these fellows making their little flings now.' 'What flings?' said Ferry. 'Well, you know as much as I do. You've heard as much, too, I . haven't a doubt.' ' Nobody's said anytMng about Sam War ing in my hearing that reflected on Mm in any way worth speaking of,' said Ferry, yet not very stoutly. . . . 'Not on him so much, perhaps, as the world looks at tMs sort of thing, hut on her. She's young, pretty, married to a man years her senior, a snuffy, frowzy old Frenchman. She's alone with her child and one or two servants from early morning till late even ing, and with that weazened little monkey of a man the rest of tbe time. The only society she sees is the one or two gossipy old women of both sexes who live along the levee here. The only enjoyment she has is when she can get to her mother's up in town, or run up to the opera when she can get Lascelles to take her. That old mummy cares notMng for music and less for the dance ; she loves both, and so does Waring. Monsieur le Mari goes out into the foyer between the aote to smoke Mb cigarette and gossip with other relics like Mmself. Waring has never missed a night she happened to be there for the last six weeks. I admit that he is there many a tima she ia not, but after he's had a few words with the ladies in the general's box, what becomes of Mm ? I don't know, be cause I'm seldom there, but Dryden and Taggart and Jack Merton of the in fantry can tell you. He is sitting by her in the D'Hervilly lodge grillee and going over the last act with her and rhapsodizing about Yerdi, Bellini, Mozart, or Gounod, — Gounod especially and the garden-scene from Faust. ' Isn't her mother with her, and, being in mourning, doesn't she have to stay in her latticed lodge instead of promenading in the foyer and drinking that two-headaches-for- picayune punch ?' queried Feriy, eager for a diversion. (Tg be Continued.) The adulteration of 1 tobacco by the use of other leaves can always be detected by the mioroecope. as, in structure, the tobacco leaf varies materially from all others. France imports from the United States nearly one-half of the tobacco manufactured in the government factories. Th6 choicest varieties of tobacco are raised along the banks of such Cuban rivers as over flow every year. a light for a writing desk ought never to stand at the right or the left ; in either place it will prove distracting. The glow ought to fall directly on the desk, so if you cannot make some gas jet available you will add vastly to your comfort by hanging a lamp directly over your desk. Tobacco seeds are so minute that it is said a tMmbleful will furnish enough plants for an acre of ground. The quality of Cuban tobacco is so fine that Mulhall says it sells at prices varying from £200 to £800 a ton. Since the Franco-Prussian war the use of tobacco has increased in France to an extent never before known. Dry snuffs are prepared from tobacco that has been subjected to a Mgh temperature before tbe leaf is ground. At a recent bazar of all nations, a clever thought was carried out, that of showing the time of day all over the world. Above every booth a clock was Hung that, was regulated to the hour tteu passing in the country repre sented by the stall. 