THEATRICAL GOSSIP. —Theatre Royal, Aladdin." u —PrinceBa' Theatre. " Beauty And tbe Beast." —Bijou Theatre. " The Judge." —Tbe Warworte and MQBQDQD. Boarke-acreei. — Caoaris, tbe COD juror, IS touring India. —Lynch Family Bellringers in tbe North-Kaat — Kudai z, illusionist, etc., important message at PUNCH office —Dame Humour is out with, tbe intelligence that Frank M. Clark ie again to take up management in a Melbourne Theatre. —Tbe Lynch Family are now revisiting Ratherglen, Corowe, Albary, ARC., and are booked Deal week for Beecbworth and Bright. —The new members of tbe Lynch Family are Messrs* Barry J. Sitter. Percy Browne (the baritone) and George E. Jones—a strong combination in itself. — Montgomery (known here with the Ford-AnBtead Compauj), Jitnmv Noon and Bil] Carey are at present playing with tbe Grace Hawthorne Co. in Calcutta. -In connection with Mrs. Lewis'"Hamlet "produc" tion io Bendigo one of the surprises of the performance wae tbe really excellent Queen of Mies Jennie Bryce. —Amongst the m*nv good people at present in Mel* bourne disengaged is Mr- J. P. O Neill. This gentleman' an excellent Irieb comedian, should prove an immense go io either town or country at present. —Playgoers in general, and Temperance Hall patr&ns; in particular, will learn with regret of the serious illness of HarryAllnutt, "Australia's premier comique." We wieh biirt a speedy and permanent recovery. —Galoutta is soon to De visited by Cooke's CircQB, of which we bear moat encouraging accounts. Tbe majority of the arti&tex; areladiep, and they are Biid to be very clever The rii cue goes from Soutn Africa to Calcutta. — Harry Hall i« playing tbe Widow Twaakay in Calcutta, and playing it well. Hairy, it will be remembered, is a SOD of the decease! Australian comedian, the late John L. Hal)* and the youngBter inherits much of the old man's talen;. —This is rathera cruel thing to e&y; of " Tb* Jersey Lily " Mrs. Lingtry, in her new play by Mr. Boee, is to bo a dreamy, unworldly woman, forced iuto action by tbe erueltv of life. This will be very different to anything the Lily has played before " —Bland Holt ie dolog P Q A d business with ' The Span of Life" at S dnev Royal. He has a fiae comedy part in Nutty Brown. 'Mrp. Holt, W. E. Baker, an<i MiaeSpong also in the cast. There is Boweta k of Holt coming to Melbourne lioy&l; alter panto Nothing yet definite fixed. —Tbe latest melodramatic development for the destruction of tbe villain 'o tbe last act is t-n ii)l ultn in h dynamo room by a ebock of electricity. This is wnat Mr. Warner does to hi* villain in *be new play, " Under tdeMaek." It is certainly more original than hanging, ehootiig or drowning. —"His Excellency the Governor baa readily granted hie patronage to tbfl benefit to be tendered to Mrs. Edoatu Hryer at the Opera House on Wednesday evening, the 23rd January "(says a contemporary!. Pshaw! Kubbisb. flis Excellency tbe Governor readily grants his -patronage to any truly deserving movement. — Miss Dora Taylor, known in tbe profession as the Jpfant tVArgo, -whom it will be remembered, did same exceptionally clever work in the last Koyal pantomime, will in all prat)*hillty bp eborily seen *n Melbourne onoe apatat In the meantime Miss Taylor is in CIOBB rehearsal at ' Wyuna Park," HeateeriHe, Hi* countrp residence of Mrs. Taylor, wbttb ie prettily situ tied on the Badger Greek —Tbe following from <he Planters' GutUte (lr dia) Ml* its own e d tale: 4 We are aorry that the Lyons' Burlesque Company bao not proved as big a draw as it DEE&rvtid; to, bat wJtb two other theatres WRII established it was a bit of a venture. They played fi r three ntgtaiB, and tben the O^rtmhian vas cloBed to admit of the preparation of " Tbeodora.". Mr. Lvons bae a cansble little company and deserved more than ono good house at tbe bands of the alcutta public." —Tbe Banvard Family me a whole entertainment in tbemeelves.tberebeing in all six children in work. Their Treble Trappze work cmpetent jadges describe as tbe beet over eeen in the colonies There are also two uoys (12 and 13} doing an acrobatic song and dance, and two younger children, eirl and boy>iu Heh character bosi nefip," etc, and two novelties now being specially prepared. In addition there is a grand acrobatic icu forming ^n the whole far and awav one ot the biggeBt and best i&mily; attractions ia the Antipodes. —Those deii ty little artiats (aged 10 and 11), the Misses Banvards, are having new specialties expressly writte and composed for them. The words are by a well-kuow n Melbourne writer, while popular Mr. Harr; Ingham has charge of rbe musical portion of the woik. The ability of Mr. Ingham i" well known, and the mere mention of his name is a sufficient guarantee of excellence, —Says an exchange" Ward-Lyons' dramatic cora pany leave Melbourne shortly for tbe Lyoeuia. Zeeban under engagement to Morris Mabon. They will produce *' Uncle Tom's Cabin.' " Thp Shaugbraun,'' " Erma, the Madcap," etc. Miss Marfan Willie and Ward Lyons plav the leads." Ward-Lyons? Ward-Lyons? Who ie be? We confess we know no actor of tbatnatue. Can it be that Harry Lyons—but no that is impossible. —A Melbourne daily paper, whose columns up to the present have never pleaded guilty to bciog humorous, has tbe following:—"Arthur Oreenaway thinks its about time that tbe public bad Borne more of tbe ' legitimate,' consequently be commences a round of the suburbs on Monday nigbt week at Kssendon, with Kew and other town halls to follow.' As if the public cared a dump about what " Arthur " thinks. It would be inter' OBtiDg to know what' Arthur" Oreenaway thiaks of the political outlook, the war witb China and Japan and the recent outbreak of measles at Brunswick. -'Mrs. 0. B. W. Lewie' talented company has had possession of tbe Bendigo Theatre /or tbe rast week and although tbe attendances were by so means commensurate with tbe excellence of the several performance^ still these who were wise enough to witness them are loud in th^ir commendatione. especially over "Hamlet,"in which Mte Lewie. aB tbe melancholy Daue, simply electrified the audience, and her studv of the character was hailed as an artistic triumph. Mr. Truebridge (a Bendigo native, of whom we are justly proud), aft Horatio, madn a decided hit, while dear old Frert. Apple too, as the Ghost, was a spook of the time wpter (I mean spirit) Mr. J. H.Costellomade a very regal Kiup; Miss Jennie Bryce senred auoiher success as the Queen, and Mies Frances Graham (a daughter of tb<» late Julia Edouio)waa eta)ply charming as Ophelia. Miss MaHl Appleton also appeared during the week, and promises to blOBfiom into a very clever actress. —At latest the Tommy Hudson C cm pany were in Calcutta. When the mail Wt the programme pr< Rented was a good one,, and with an audience which had atsemblvd determined to be amused, it was not duficult for the performers to keep tbe ball of fun rolling merrily along. The first part, with the social gathering, was of the usual character, and hardly needs remark (says a local), except that Hudson s equibs were rnnro than ueually fanny. Tbe second part opened with Hudson's song, *'Down South where the Cotton Trees Grow," an old favourite with Calcutta audience?, and with us pathetic old air and tbe grotesque dance, one of the most taking things Hudson does. MnaeB Hoselyn, Buecb and Groynne then eanc the ••Ta ra ra'' )«meDt very successfully, but the feature of the eveuing was an extraordinary acrobatic performance by Messrs. M'JCieeon and Kearnp, assisted by MJ66 Thornton in a fetching red COEtume. The table trick they did would seem to apply that the two male performers bave no joints at all. Tbe audience would not let Mr. Shine ell till he bad given tbem hie special darce. Mies Stanbridfy ''Oh, Happy Voong Beart." from the" Sorcerer.' Miss lioeelyn, in her boy'B costume, scored her usual success with n song called " Golden LilieB Cluster " Tbo sketches were both good, especially tbe one which wound up tt o performance, in whicb Mr. Sbine scored tremeudoosly as a mad actor. Miss Habgood's first contribution, "Welsh Aire," was quite thrown into tbe fehad by her encore—,4Pasquinade," by Gottschalk, if we were not mistaken—the item was deliriously rendered, and at the close she received a most genuine buist oi applause. Miss Habgood'B piecesare alwavs a musical treat, but we think this was quite the boat vuncmn sbo has given us Ibis season. —Uuhera'ded, with no sort of boom, with no big display of posters or photoe., with no ehowers of interviewers, there comes back to the mother cowDtrp tbe greatest actor onr cousins in Australia have yet to boa.et of. Fourteen years ago Alfred Dam pier v»aa iu this count^y—his reputation had been made'l eforo that— and London tben put it6 eeal upon it. In the waje of criticism there were giams living iu tboBo daje, and amonE them was CbarleB Reade. who knew as well how to judge an actor's abi'ity as he did to write « novel or a play. Bis opinion of Mr. Dampier is best expressed in the words said in my presence—"Coruo buck, bampiw, and if there is not a theatre vacant for you 1 will build one," Those who kuow wi'I also admit tbat Charles Dillon knew sometbit g of acting ability. He aod I saw Alfred Dampler in one of bis favourite parw, and h*<ihe best Belpb'gor the stegn is ever likely to Bet-> said aud repeated—" That Dampier is an actor worthy of the highest traditions of the stage." It ie not to air my acquaintance with these authorities or to Uatter JJr. Dampier that I put tbese facts down, but siuiply that mv own poor words of criticiBm, uow they are both dead and gone, may have added weight Irom old xecollc-ctions. Unfortunately for us Mr. Dampier'g whole interests at that time laid in Australia. ^nvoptmentF, home tiep, etc., etc., all made that country the centre for hie calculations, and these have fcept him so long from us, and are likely, Ism sorry to say to ultimately take him back again from UP. The sole or joint lessee of tome of tbe most important theatres in Australia (and for the benefit of tb» uninformed it may be as well i>> state tbat we bave no theatres iu England that can heat the hcet in Australia) he was amo Jtf the first to recognise that with the »apid increase of population in tbe coJoiu'ee then: h developing a distinctive literature and purely Australian tvpeofart- Authors and artists aroawakeniug to tbe fact that tbelr surroundings trem with material of peculiar interest, and tbat in tbe tffectiv© portrayal of such surroundings on the printed page or picluieri canvas there lie both profit and renown, aod )or many yenrB he recognieed the truth aB applied to the dramatic art. and made it his study, where practicable, to produce original dramac, written bv Australians foe Aust aliaus, dealirg with Australian subjects, and performed by a representative Australian comp*uy. Io tb)B endeavour he was most cordiallv supported by both people and the Press. For this work Mr, Dampier has earned his countrys gratitude. Now once egftia the old coun try has a cbaDce of seeing him. Asa Sbaktspsariau actor he etauds among the first of the great exponents of the iiuusortM bard. In melodrama his power ov-r an audience b&a; beon recognised again aud again. His real power over an audience in bis best success causes one to realise that the enthusiasm of the critics of the nia school was true, and not exaggerated, and tbat in him IIHVG a worthy exemplar of tbe bent traditions of the London s'ftg*. I do not write these words l'ghtlv, nor because my brother critics aB* body now say wbt»t CbarJet Readeaod Charles Dillou Baidau eigh'h oi a century ago. but Idoeay tbuiu because they are true of a great actor, aod of a Cf>ii6eientioae worker io lb* best lines of stagecraft — the Exomiver^ Loudon. Oetobor, 1894 