THE CARMELITE CHURCH, MIDDLE PARK. FR. ISAAC MOORE, S.J., APPEALS FOR FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE. There was a large attendance at the Carmelite Church, Middle Park, on Sunday afternoon, when a. movement for the reduction of the parish debt was inaugurated. The Archbishop presided, and the sermon was delivered by the Rev. Isaac Moore, S.J. Fr. Moore, who took for his text the words from the twenty- fifth. Psalm, " The beauty of thy house, O Lord, I have loved, and the place where thy giory dwelleth," said :— We have come together, dear brethren, to- day for a great and important object, an object of such excellence that, as his presence here indicates, it commands the sympathy and wins the help of our great Archbishop. His life, simple and unpretending, is spent before the eyes of all in spreading and defending the truth, in forwarding by personal sacrifice and earnest efforts the welfare of his people and the glory of God. His Grace's presence alone is sufficient proof of the excellence and importance of the object for which we have met. You will, however, expect that even I shall explain what that object is. Well, that is a task so simple that I may venture to undertake it. We have here, in charge of this parish, a body of highly gifted men, who, with unsparing zeal, apply themselves to the great work entrusted to them by Ms Grace. But in their path there is a huge obstacle. The removal of that obstacle is the object of this gathering. The obstacle consists of a debt of nine thousand pounds on the part of the parish connected with this church. The church in Port Melbourne is free from debt. For the nine thousand pounds a block of land was acquired, which still remains unsold. A church, with six hundred sittings was raised, and schools were built "to serve five hundred children. A presbytery also was built The land, proving unsuitable for the purpose for which it was bought, is simply held awaiting a purchaser. This, with the church, which is by no means too large for the accommodation requii-ed, and schools for five hundred children is what we have, to show for the debt,' together with the residence for the Fathers needed to do the work of tiie parish. It is worth while to observe, that, towards the education qualifying those priests to exercise the high functions of teachers and preachers and spiritual guides, the parish has not been asked, and is not asked, to contribute a single shilling. Now, if every one holding one of the six hundred sittings paid one penny a day, that would yield nine hundred a year, and if for every child of the five hundred educated in the schools one penny a day were paid, a further sum of seven hundred and fifty pounds a year would be had. These two, added together, would give an income which would not only pay the debt, but would defray all the expenses of the parish, including the support of the pastors and the payment of the school teachers. I have desired to enter into these details that you may clearly see that no charge of imprudence or rash ness can lie against, the man who incurred the debt. He is a man whose memory is dear, not to the Catholics of this parish only, but to the Catholics of Australia, Prior Butler, for he it was who incurred the debt, was, as you all well know, an ornament to the churcih of Victoria. Endowed with eloquence of a rare and fascinating type, his sermons were always listened to with delight. The high-toned morality which breathed through all his discourses was endeared to his audience by his harmonious style and graceful declamation. Catholics were proud that the sublime truth of their holy religion had found in him an ex ponen/t, the elegance of whose lan guage, the charms of whose oratory heightened the attraction, and set forth the beauty of the truth. And non- Catholics, who always attended his advertised sermons in numbers, though they might not give their ad hesion to his doctrine, could not . withhold their admiration for the wondrous power with which he taught. This was the man who incurred this debt Those who have so often listened with rapt delight to his eloquence should be prompt to remove the debt, the existence of which, in the eyes of the thoughtless, casts a certain obloquy on-his name. But why, some may ask, incur any debt ? Why not wait, and build gradually as the funds came in ? The answer is obvious. While waiting, you leave the people 1 in a state of spiritual destitution, withioait a place of worship, without a place for the periodical gathering for prayer and sacrifice, which is strictly enjoined by the Lord. And, worse still, you leave the children without that teducatlon. secular and religious, without which they are but ill-armed to fi£ht the biuttie of life, and wholly unarmed far thfct momentous contest in which every human soul has to engage against those spiritual enemies who battle against the kingdom of God. Hence, when the Archbishop entrusted the spiritual charge of this parish to the Carmelite Fathers, it was at once resolved to provide the schools and the church, so imperatively needed, s Now, that resolve was most wise and j most prudent. How then comes it that the calculations on which it was based have proved so fallacious and incorrect, and that the income has fallen so far short of what seemed just and reasonable expectations ? Surely it is not needful, and certainly it is not pleasing to dwell on the answer to this query. When the debt was first incurred the sun of prosperity shone bright on Victoria. There was work for all; and for all high wages. The imports and exports were advancing, and the population of Melbourne was growing so rapidly that hardly could workers in stone and bricks and wood be found in sufficient numbers to supply the dwellings absolutely needed. But hundreds, nay, thousands, of these homes in a few years became tenantless. Seventy-five thousand of our fellow citizens within the last four years have sought in other lands the bread they could not find at home, for the golden light of prosperity faded into gloom, and poverty, grim and gaunt, strode with crushing steps into the workman's paradise. This was a fearful change, which no human prudence could have anticipated—one which fully explains, and painfully explains, why the debt was not cleared off. But now the depressing gloom has passed, the dawn of a better day has arisen, the bright sun of prosperity will soon pour forth his gladdening beams on this fair land of ours. And, therefore, it has been thought well to call you together, my dear brethren, and ask you to help to move out of the path of God's ministers this great obstacle. While that debt exists there is a constant need to give attention to the collecting of money to pay the interest. When this has been done, if done it can be, there are other calls which must be met. The money employed to pay the interest would have met them, but that is gone, and further collections must now be made to inset them. A harassed and anxiouk'life'is thus imposed on the unfortunate, priests, and the time, the stttentioh, the energy which should be ekdjiloyed for higher purposes is mii^ft>ly. wasted. The energy employed In the application of the mental powers is in every human individual a limited quantity. If much of that is expended in trying to overcome pecuniary difficulties, little is left for the earnest thought of the things of God, for the prayer and study, without which the duties of the priesthood cannot be adequately discharged. Timothy had shared the labours of St Paul. He had witnessed some, at least, of the great works of the Apostles of the Gentiles. Timothy was his disciple specially instructed. Yet scarce had he received an ' independent mission, when the Apostle writes, renewing, doubtless, instructions often given already—" But be thou an example to the faithful, in word, in manner of life, in charity, in faith, in purity. . . . Attend to reading, to exhortation, to doctrine. Be diligent in these things ; give thyself wholly to them, that thy propheting may be manifest to all. Take heed to thyself, and to doctrine ; be earnest in them. For in doing this thou shalt save both thyself and them that hear thee. This is certainly a high and noble ideal, one set before the minds of every missionary priest by the dictation of the Holy Ghost. Is it possible for the priest, whose mind is harassed by the ever-pressing demand of creditors, to realise this> ideal, to attain to the full and proper use of the gifts that are in him ? That he could do so I do not think possible, unless gifted with rare and quite exceptional strength of mind. The obstacle to the exercise of his ministry, which ought to command his undivided attention, is in the highest degree embarrassing and distracting. Now, it is peculiarly unjust to subject a body of men, such as the Carmelite Fathers, to the harassing and distressing anxiety which debt involves, For the words of the Apostle, " But, having food, and wherewith to be covered, with these we are content." (1 Tim., vi., 8). are by. solemn vbw the rule of life for the Carmelite Fathers. ijet the income of their church be ever so great, food and clothes, and a grave when he dies— this is the whole ai\d only portion of a Carmelite. Is it not then fitting that a great effort should be mode to send forth these men, untrammelled and {unencumbered, to that great w<^rk for <6od they are so pre-eminently 'qualified to effect That work is nothing less than to bring men to a knowledge of the truth in Christ Jesus ; to a knowledge of the truth, to a love df the truth, to a practice of the truth. In that great ana glorious work you will thib day by your offerings become their helpers, their coadjutors. You will become helpers in the work, and sharers in the merit Well, the Scripture tells us, " He that converteth another unto justice shall shine like & star in the firmament God wills not the death of the sinner, but rather that he be converted and live." But God has made Himself dependent for the accomplishment of His will on the co- operation of man. We read in thd Prophets, Whosoever believeth in him shall not be confounded." " For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved." Now, St. Paul, after he had quoted these words from Isaiah and Joel, goeth on to show how absolutely necessary is the cooperation of man. For he says, "How then shall they call on him in whom they have not believed'! Or shall they believe in him of whom they have not heard ? And how shall they hear without a preacher V" In re^ moving the obstacle to the work of the Carmelite Fathers you are raising a spiritual edifice, you are helping in the noble work of leading the footsteps of your brethren into the paths of peace. You are helping to secure for them eternal life, insuring, as far as in you lies, that they shall hear, that so they may " with the heart believe unto justice, and with the mouth make confession unto salvation." Thus you are helping to raise to the name and glory of God no material building, to which beauty may be added by silver and gold and many coloured marbles, but truly a spiritual edifice, whose beauty consists in the piety, the faith, the purity, the universal righteousness of those who there lift up their hands in prayer. This is the true " beauty of the house' of the Lord; the place where his glory dwelleth." Happy, thrice happy, are you who can take part in this great work. There is no other more effectual to moke atonement for sin. We ire >11 icotjfeelous that we are sinners, that Weareiadfebted, oh, so deeply, to divine justice. The' words of St John are— jY'lfi we, say;-that we have no sin we •fl^iVfe'ourselves, and the truth is hot in us." ' So; itkoiagh conscience were silent, the .jBloly 'Spirit bears testimony against iis. Dwellers on a plain bounded by far distant mountains may often see nought of these mountains for weeks, but there comes a time, when the atmosphere is of unusual clearness, even then, while the sun is high, there is nothing of them seen, but when tie *un is setting, the level beams strike the mountains, and then they stand fiorttf as gigantic spectres in all the awe inspiring grimness of enormous bulk and towering height. So, when for us the shadows lengthen and the day declines, sins committed in days gone by may loom in our retrospect, threatening and terrible. Surely it Is well before the end arrives to ensure that, if there be evil deeds there shall be also good deeds. That if there be a list of sins there shall be also a. record of good deeds done, of unselfish sacrifices made for God's glory; and the good of our fellow-meh. Well, occasions like this give opportunities of which we may avail or which we may neglect To neglect them will be a source of future regret; to use them will bring us spiritual profit So to use them will be a sort of proof to ourselves that our desire for God's glory and our desire to promote the good of our felhyw-men are reted. And every act we do is an outcome of such sentiments will strengthen, these sentiments in our hearts, and thus raise us in the scale of moral being. The Very Rev' Prior Kelly, O.G.c:, enumerated the liabilities of the piri^h, after which a collection was taken ub. The donations included £100 from the Archbishop, £100 from the Carmelite Fathers, £50 from Mr. Lowrey, £§»' from Mr. Joseph Hely, £10 from AhSide&con; Slattery, and £10 from Mr; E. R. Barry. The Archbishop said that .ohq thing' was certain, namely, thai neither Pfjor Kelly nor the Carmelite Fathers associated with him were resptipmble for the present financial pdslti^n oc the parish. If tie pros^OTty which existed when the debt was ihcurrbff had continued, the whole amount wbiflcj have been met from the resounies bit the parish, or, If not, from those outside sources to which Prior Ijiitlfer might reasonably loot for 'asastSicsk As Car as he (the Archbishop) Wa&OM;^ cerned, and as far as the priests ottft! diocese wen? concerned. Prior Kelly had their entire sympatby, iand vk was sure that the Catholics of the colony, wheh they saw,, from the;"'' " jof that day's meeting, how earn^-, paplfe of Midlife J»ark Tjrerfe Jn L™ efforts to . extricate tive parlsh froL. debt, would not -withhold w&tii;&p.; To Prevent Teeth Decaying wB DENTIFBICE. 