ACADEMY OF MUSIC. Mrs G. B. W. Lewis is one of the very few actresses who have essayed the part of ' Hamlet.' The task is one quite out of the ordinary, and the artiste is certainly to be complimented for her courage in attempt ing it. It has been said that an intelligent actor seldom or ever entirely fails in the role of the melaricholy 'Dane, and the asser tion is probably corrtcfc to a certain oxfcent, me mo iiuod uj. ouauespeara possess sucn literary merit that if spoken ' trippingly on the tongue' their worth can hardly fail to be duly appreciated by an English audience. While, however, there may be many creditable representatives of ' Ham let' there are very few who are capable of doing complete justice fco Shakespeare's great creation. Super ficially the rendering may be smooth enough, but only histrionic genius can bring to the surface tho varied and com plex phases of a nature bo difficult to understand. The character has a fascina tion for tho student aud the actor, and tho attraction will in all probability continue unto the end of time. Hamlet is essen tially a ' manly ' role. There is nothing effeminate about the Prince if we except, porhaps, his hesitancy to wreak a ven geance to which a voice from the grave urges him on. Therefore, the portrayal of such a part by an actress can only be regarded as a stage novelty, and ao treated. Looking at Mrs Lewis's representation in thia light, it must be pronounced entirely satisfactory. She brought her experience and intelligence to bear, and the result was apparent in the wrapt attention of her audience, and the avidity with which the numerous ' points' were taken iup. The dialogue with the ghost in the opening act, the scene with the Qae6n in the third, and the impressive finale when the ' fell sergeant death' claims his quartet of victims, were each treated with the touch of an artist hand, while in the lighter moods of the Prince the actress showed to especial advantage. The various other characters incidental to the play were in capable hands Mr F. C. Apple ton gave a scholarly reading of the ghost, and Mr Clement Wakefield was an excellent repre sentative of the fiery Laertes. The Horatio of Mr Truebridge was an evenly duatained portrayal ; so was also the Guildenstern of that well known actor Mr Hans Philiins. who will be remembered by Launceston playgoers as a promising exponent of ' juvenile leads' ia the palmy days of Mis8 Eloise Juno and poor William Andrews. Mr Esmelton was a fairly good Claudius, Mr Costello made the tediousness of Polonium a trifle too pronounced, and Mr Waiter Carle was seen to decided advan tage an the first gravedigger. An attrac tive Ophelia was found in Miss Frances Grahame, who was seen at her beat in the mad Ecene, and Miss Jenny Bryo-, was an impressive Queen Gertrude. The play was well received by an audience thoroughly interested in its representation from first to last. 