Tivo Women and a millionaire. By 8. Squire Sprigoe. Tbe women 'a surgery held out .in vitations to those who - would be com fortable. It was warm, quiet, and brilliantly clean, forming on a bleak November night an agreeable coutrasc to the dirt and turbulence of the streets without. In the grate a low fire care fully banked burnt ruddily with no obtrusive crackling or roaring, and the j kettle upon the uppermost bar pnrred i with just sufficient vigour to accentuate the cosiness of tbe room, without arousiog any fear of approaching ebullition. The gas was turned down uDtil an uncertain fringe of yellow flame played around the bine core, and its subdued flickering fell on gleaming oopper trays Bud polished porcelain basins, and was thence deflected on to the brigbt brown teak of the floor, lighting the room with numberless little points and streaks of dancing brightness, yet otherwise respecting its comfortable dimueaB. The surgery contained three people, who were seated close to the hearth, in- silence. A high screen from which depended tbe formal folds of much coarse linen was so placed in broad-angles round the fire-side that an irregularly shaped nook was shot off from the general space, thns securing for the occupants of the hearth the additional comfort of privacy. Two of them, seated opon one chair, were mother and son, a piece of in formation which the child volunteered now and again by a muttered 'Mummy,' as some little movement of the woman in whose lap he lay aroused him from his slumbers She was a comfortable looking person, and bad readily fallen under the comforting inflaence of the room. She might have been thirty or fifty, and was really thirty -five. Her broad fat face displayed nothing hot that sort of spurious good nature that is born of immediately comfortable circumstances. She bore npon her evident signs of poverty and hard work. Tbe fringe of untidy hair which sur mounted her placid and shapeless face was tiuged with gray before its time, and on this was perched a large bonnet adorned with far, feathers, plash and flowers in varying proportions, bat alt alike showing signs of approaching disintegration. The little boy's head, swathed in bandages, was tacked away in tbe folds of a faded, bead-decorated arrangement which hang arbaod her shoulders. She had drawn her chair, the lower and more reatfal of tbe two seats, close to the fire, so that she was able to place her feet oo tbe low fender ; and her manner and attitnde,as she bent over the coals, suggested that there were but three things wanting to complete her perfect comfort — something hot to eat, something hot to drink, and n con genial companion with whom to exchange sentiments. She looked at the occupant of the opposite chair, but saw in ber nothing congenial. . Tbe woman waB much younger and j much smarter, although ber smartness had an air of being maintained in defiance of her clothes and ber yonth in defiance of her experiences. She eat stiffly before the fire, as though un willing to allow even to herself that the rest and warmth were grateful to her. She | gave the impression, indeed, of being in a i general condition of defiance of ber i surroundings, of her life, and of her ; fellow-man, including especially her fellow-woman. She was yonng and : slight, with a regular profile, transparent, | nostrils, thin cnrled lips, and high I cheek-bones. Her pursed-up month and reckless, abstracted air conveyed no invitation to any one to enter into com fortable chat with her, and even the elder woman's snag obtuseoess did not prevent her from arriving at this coDclnsion. Accident, however, broke a sileoce that might have been indefinitely pro longed, and accident dictated that tbe younger woman should address the elder. 1 Yonr dress is scorching,' she said. For the matron, while musing over tbe problem of speech or silence, im pelled by conviviality to address ber neighbour and by the pride of nratron- bood to ignore that kind of ydnhg woman, bad sneenmbed to tbe fbrget- falness of e muddy reverie. In this state Bbe allowed the stained folds of ber dress to fall so near to the fire that tbe room became filled with the acrid smelt of garments in an early stage of bnrniog. The fact did not. impress itself npon ber broad nostrils quickly. At Grst the younger woman, having assured herself that it was ho property of her own whose dangerous plight was thus making itself apparent, seemed disposed to say nothing, bnt rather to watch, composedly the other's smoking starts. Kinder counsel, however, suddenly prevailed, and she gave an abrupt warning. ' Thank you now,' said the elder, woman, ' and so it is. I'm much obliged to you. I'm that fond of a fire myself that I. like to get almost on tbe top of it. But one can have -too much of it, like other good toing, as they say. Now what are you 'ere for, if J make take the liberty of harikin''!1 The girl looked at her questioner's face for a moment- Evidently, however, the woman was jdnfliiwrted as well sb curious, and so ah answer was given. < ' Broken ribs,' she said. 1 That'll be "had for you,', went on the stout lady with unction. ' You'll feel that all along yourback.' ' Yes, I do if I cough, and I can't help coughing in . these faggy' nights: - But it 6 all right keeping etill. and nhese . floes me up'so tight ! don't . rant to moves. , And I should have-to »t a long .lime if I waited till the fog lifted;' ' V. ;. Well, itV quite ' an' comfortable :in. 'ere' ain't it nowT-,«ud the etont lady. ' And pretty doll and slow,' said thb other aggressively. ' Atieast Itoould, find it eo. . T for .Btet!hiioEe1 lively.' AndU ieimpoasible itojebn vey.' the cald, sad hopde«neeB:'rith;:wbich thiB Bacchanalian stotiiniiipijroB uttered. . 4 I'earas how toenurresdon'tjeve ; a alow timeBtaR.'naidthe '»hti,|y, whose bloodwasbeglntting'tobentirred by WewarmgvaBflhteft'tattrvBt'Batiom channels. .'That one-seenre carrying on with the y oofig doctor pretty ;gay she said, looking eigcdficahtly at -the bouBe-surgeon who was gossiping languidly with a nurse in the door-way. I'm told as 'ow ' ' You ought to be ashamed to say such things abont her, or any of them !' said the girl, with tbe ghost of a blosh vising on ber cheek. Now it is probable that it wonldhave been difficult to have said anything in ber' presence that could have been counted npon with certainty to heighten her colour. The matron relapsed into indignant silence under tbe reproach and twiddled the little circlet on her knotted fonrth finger. Here she eat — a respectable married woman — a rdle she was wont to play with marked emphasis in ber least respectable moments — rebuked by a bit of a girl, whose appearance told all to a London eye. It was too mnch, and she woke np tbe child, shook him, and said angrily : Lie stall, can't yer!" » « ' ' ' ' 4 I should like an operation or some thing exciting to-night,' . tbe honee- snrgeon was saying, with a listlessness. that assorted badly with the ferocity of his desires. ' I have not bad a good; case all my week. I get no tack some how. Why are those women in here at this time of night f They 're looking at as, and speaking of yon. Are they ill t , Have they seen anybody f Me,' said the nurse, calmly ; ' could yon suggest anybody nicer 1' j 1 You are certainly a very fascinating ' young woman,' be replied, ' but I can j imagine sick people yearning to hear ' some more authoritative voice. If no- ) thing occurs to relieve the monotoDy of the evening, I shall take the bandages' off that child's head for the pleasure of putting them on again.' 'I suppose you mean,' said she, ' what's the matter with them f Well, the girl's got a broken rib. I bandage it for ber sometimes in the evening. She told you — only you've forgotten her — that she did it felling downstairs ; but she told me it was ber husband.' 'And that,' said the house-eurgeon, ' was probably a euphemism.' 'The child's got a cut on the bead,' tbe nurse continued, disregarding the interruption. ' Tbe woman's his mother. There's nothing the matter with her to night ; bnt, as a role, she is a little- — er — drunk. -She is waiting for a 'bub. They are here because I told tbem they ought eit here over tbe fire if tbey liked. Is that a satisfactory explanation '!' and she dropped him a fraction of a curtsy. He walked slowly towards tbe fire. ' We're jost a-going,' said the stout lady ' ingratiatingly. ' Nurse said Z might stop here till I was rested, for the boy's no light Wright to carry about in yer arms 'alf over London.' ' If yon don't live this side of London you've no business in this hospital,' said the honse-surgeon, ' and I shall have to duly reward you for abusing the charity. Nurse will pay your cab-fare home. His bead's going on all right, I suppose F laying a finger on the baudage. But while the good woman was pre paring an answer that should combine dignity with gratitude, he turned to the girL ' You look bad,' be said ; ' are yon in pain F ' No, sir ; not as long as I keep still.' ' How far have you got to go !' ' About a mile.' ' Why .didn't you come up in the morning, at tbe right time ! The night air makes yon congb. 1 Yes, sir,' said the girl vaguely, hold ing forward her wrist in silont answer to his ontetretuhed finger and thumb. 1 That girl's hungry ,' he said returning to the nurse at tbe dour, 'and the wo man's the sort that can always eat.. That's why she's not dead of drink. When the other one takes to drink she won't last. Let 'em etey a bit and be happy. See it yon can have some beef- tea made, and let 'em drink it in there.. It's strictly against rales and most sensible treatment.' «. .» » ' Was it yer 'usbin 1' said tbe stout lady, rocking a little backwards and for wards in her chair, and deciding to pocket the recent affront. Then, leaning back' laxorionsly, she extended from beneath her mud-bordered gowns a shapeless and ! dilapidated boot — the inevitable apring- ' sidle boot of ,the police report snr-l mounted by pendant folds . of whitey- brown stocking, and gave a' little prod witta the toe towards tbe fire. 4 Was it yer 'usbin !" she repeated, still with the kicking movement of her foot 1 It's 'ow onr ribs gets broke mostly.' Well, what if it was f said the girl hesitatingly. ' Anyhow, I haven't got a husbaDd now, thank God ! What's tbe good of a husband I I can get along without. The child's yours ) I suppose biB father's been hitting him. It's how all the children's heads get cut. Thank God ! Fve got no children:- Yon seem to be one of the thankful sort,' said the. stout lady,. 4 and with all yer so thankful, yer don't seem very gay — that is, I mean ' ; 1 ' Affright. Go oD,'-SBid the girl. There's worse tilings than a 'one and a 'usbin and yer kids' abont the . place, I can tell yer. That's what I mean to say.' 4 ; Tve got a borne. Mine's, a vefy comfortable little place,' said the gui- And the furnitnre's all.my own. . . But what's tile good of a hneband ! - Wbats yours done . for yonT ' c" The .owner, of ike .marriage ring paused a littie'Tiefore answering. It was' pecesrary;fo vindicate her position and testify to the blessings r of conjugality. Yet The was dy ing W tellthe lrie bf her wrongs. Bnt shewas possessed vaguely irith tiie idriitii e riS not - very wrildo'boththinga together- i ' f Tm a respectable mamed woman, at last, '.toonghY don't mind_ telfinYer my'urijinwaeabaiif lot. Rtfll iLim'swaMiB ahnnt fSnd J foighter set fold of hae «' them. He:turaed:out abadiotfrom tfie 'firet5 ; to in£ I 'tbiihh' bothers, if yon understand wnejijerfaat j I; thettonfo'dd-timt-ofton e wra»«ulp&rjnwy; »nd . liked ifoi when be tadnt got it he used to carry on terrible and 'it me ; and if I arst'im for it when '« 'ad -it in 'is pnwket, 'e 'd larf and bank if I tonk im- for "a hloomin IdilUyonaire. That was one < f 'is songs, yet know, 'The BfoDmin' Milliyonaife 1 was.' All this was given with mnch repetition, and with frequent pauses for breath and for encouragement, prefaced by the questions, Yer know ?' or 'Yer understand me what I mean t' Tbe girl's invariable response bad been a nod, but here she spoke. ' Oh 1 was it!' said she thoughtfully. ' And where is be now !' 'Go's still singing, and making ten quid a week easy. He left me one day and never said a word about going He were a bad lot. But some girl got 'old of 'im. They're worse than the men, though the men are bad enough. She were a bad 'oo I'll lay. He sent a lawyer feller — a yonng bit of a feller — round to me to hank me to let 'im alone as long as 'e give me ten bob a week for myself and tbe kid, and I told, the yoong feller — I says, ' Ob, d 'is ten bob a week,' I say, ' an 'im too ; he needn't be afraid I shall come after 'im I I -can make more money than that a- wasbing and charing. I've often 'ad'lto do it afore 'e left me, when 'is screw was as moch as ten or fifteen qnid a week. Too don't believe it, bnt it's true wbat I say, and I'll tell yer 'is name. YonTl know it fast enongb. His name is ' 'Here! take 'hold, said the nnrse, offering the beef-tea, they're hot. One fur yon, and one for the boy. Yon keep your breath to cool them. There never was such a woman to gossip.' . Silence again fell npon the little room, broken only by tbe clatter of the pewter ' spoons against the basins. At last this ! too ceased, and the women looked more j confidentially at each other. ' Yon look a lot better,' said the stoat lady sympathetically. ' It was not my hnsbapd who did it,' said the girl, patting her hand to ber sidtjHftid referring to the stout lady's question. ' And it wasn't with his foot,' she continued communicatively, for there ia no better stimulant than strong broth, and It had produced a rapid effect npon this hungry and delicate girl. ' It might have been with his foot, and I daite'Mmy it would have been, if he couldn't have got me with hie hand ; bnt, oa I say, that's as it might have been. Bnt he poshed me with his hand, and I came up against the banister. He was very sorry afterwards that he hurt me.' 'Does he behave well to yer, in general !' 'He used to— pretty well— as well aa most of ob get treated. Yon see, like your man -was, he's on at the halls, and he has to live well aud spend iris money on himself. When he has any over he's all right. But I haven't set eyes on him for some days. He took my gold watch, that I had given to me -when I was in better circnmstances, and 1 sha'n't see him again for a week, I dare say-' \- '-Ob, that's 'is sort, is it 1 Well, it's a good riddance I should "think, said tbe stout lady. ' But they're all alike, and 'e'll come hack to yes when 'e's broke or ill.' ' I hope so,' said the girl. I wonder whether I could tell yer his name ! I used to know most of the 'all ringers when my 'osbin was with me. He naed to like me to go and sit in tbe front row with the boy in 'is black velvet soot and a white hem- broidery collar on 'im and 'is little bit of 'air curled np in a knob. And I need- to pat on a sealskin jacket, and sit there, too. And sometimes I'd 'ave a pint of champagne, and then 'e nsed to eay, , Yon keep the bottle in front of you when you've drunk the wine. It looks well to see you in your furs a drinking fizz in the stalls like a duchess. For 'e was a proud man, don't yer know ! Bat what would yonr man's name be, now ! I'm sure I can guess.' ' Don't yon bother abont him,' said tbe girl. 'Maybe you'll know soon enongb.' ' Ob, very well, miss,' said the stoat lady emphatically. I am not hamdous to -hintrnde upon aoy lady's confidence. I'm not of the curious sort.' The good woman spoke bitterly, for she felt that she had demeaned herself toward this yonng woman, and. that in return Bhe had been snubbed on two occasions. Tbe girl looked at her steadily, and began to breathe a little hard. ' Very well," she said, 1 I'll tell yon. His name ii- But before she could finish her sentence the auiet of tbe place was suddenly broken in upon. All the passage outride became vaguely full of sound and bustle. A porter entered hurriedly and turned bis lantern this way end- that, flashing its light through tbe batf gloom. Noticing the -women behind the screen he said, I expect you'll have to clear, out of this,' and began setting the taps running. Now, through the various sounds of scurry, through the shuffle of the badly- slippered and tbe clang of the heavily- booted, there fell on the ear, monoton ously and with regnlar intervals" the measured tramp of persons carrying a joint burden, and labouring under it. , . ' Policemen,' said the girl, with a little shiver. ; And then the gently impertinent accents of - the house-eurgeon could be heard above thle din. \Tkke him to the women's eurgeiy. It's Ompty. If it isn't, send tile women Into the paasage.' . " Ijhe jitiree dune- fljiog humedly ibick .into the ' room and turned op all the depressed gas-jcta. ThB little child jrfjke np on the fat women's knee, and becoming frightened at the noise and 3i£h£i>(iig>n to lmh.HtC.3->;. TSK-'.'!. And the feet came to the door. '.YoaTrtfnet igo oWi please,' said the nurae to the Beared women before the fire.' ' MahehastoT ' ' , ; v . v Tbey rose obediently and Jhotriedlto the door. But .they : were too , late. loraAey cduld eoch. egress preven tei'by the aft vanclng crowd, and 'tbey hntried:bedr sto their Jiook, . c - ' ' Tu iront came" the house-surgeon, witbJa fifigetineBaqu thia jbanda and a naricfoip hie jye&atWied; hisloung- knowing had been a liesw oue;' ; . And the crowd closed round, and from them arose an indistinct ham of query and suggestion. For it was not yet late at night, and the various house- surgeons. and house-pbyriciaog, wiib their dressers, their clerks and their friends, were all alert to respond to the exciting summons of tbe accident bell. It was a mixed crowd that surrounded the stretcher. Here the Airing and- wind-pwayed gasligbtB fell npon an orthodox evening costume, and here upon a frayed smoking jacket. Oo one side it Ht up the violet dress, bright browD hair and gleaming apron of some nurse, devoted perhaps to the practice of good works, but by lib means blind to tile valueof good looks ; on the other it lit np the sombre uniform of the policemen. And from all there arose a ham of queries, and ris" each pressed nearer or got a view on tiptoe over tbe shoulder of some one better placed, he would give utterance to a murmur of astonishment. Even the sound of stifled laughter was not absent. The two women, who bad sat down again on finding the passage to the door1 barred to them, looked at each other in awestrnck curiosity, and the boy smiled at their solemn -feces, in sympathy with the laughter he could just hear. ' He's dead,' said tbe house-surgeon carelessly. ' He was dead when he was brought in. Staud aside, you fellows, and let's see the gas on his face. Pull away that screen. It was aD aneurism, : I should think.' The crowd' that stood between the; stretcher and the fire divided, so that the gas over the mantlepiece .might fall UDshadowed upon the dead man. And down the defile the two women looked. Upon the stretcher there lay, looking np to the ceiling, an enormous fat fellow' with 8woollen,pendnlqns cheeks and a big stomach: He was in foil evening dress of tbe extremest sort, and npon the . out rageously -glossy - collar of his coat re posed a hideous circular floral ornament and two yellow medals attached to parti-coloored ribbons. It's ' Big Bill Ridley,' whispered a scared student, to whom mnsicbalt-land was familiar. The policeman confirmed him. It was that great artist. The wretched man had fallen forwards dead while leading the refrain in the world- femons song : — I am a gentleman of the town And take my brandy -and -soda brown, Like a blooming muliyon- haire. He bad a bottle of soda-water with him, and a broken nmbrella. These were supposed to accentoste to dull minds the indisputable troth of the fact that he was a gentleman of tbe town. He bad dropped with hie dramatic accessories in his hands, and 'they had never been removed from his grasp. His face was turned away from the light. Tho young house-surgeon, who was moved almost to tbe point of sick ness, turned the flaccid neck round, bringing the face towards the fireand remarked callodsly — as a protest against his own emotion— ' Well, yon're not exactly a beauty.' Tbe ground colonr of the skin, where the various additions allowed this to be seen at all, was the livid white fane of death from haemorrh age. Upon thiB stood forth in startling contrast tbe crimson tinting of the checks, lips, and nose, wdded to - hear oat tbe accuracy of the death-song. An enormous blonde moustache, displaced and nognmmed, bnt not yet removed from his face, added terror by its incon gruous comicality. Tbe whole of this horrible face was framed in the touzled mass of tow forming the preposterous wig necessitated by public taste for the enacting of tbe part of a gentleman of the town. ' Dada Y screamed tbe child, as the face was turned towards him. Dada f ' Ob, Bill f said tbe girl chokingly as ebe threw herself npon him, ' Oh, Bill !' ' Fm a respectable married woman, and 'is lawful wedded wife,' raid the stont lady j and 'ia clothes, and the money in 'is pocket I claim for this orphing iamb — and 'is gold watch.' 'Take tbeae women out, said the honse-surgeon. — luustroledSporting and Dramatic News. 