TOO MUCH ALIKE. The close of the year 1866 fonnd me steer- age officer on board of the United States ship commanded by Captain S— — , and lying in the harbonr of San Francisco, knnnrl nn a ro-niao an oaant of the Grill" federate eteamer Shenandoah, which was at that time horning American whalers In tbe Okhotsk Sea, While recuperating after our long voyage around the Horn the younger officers of tne Bhip were wont to make frequent visits to the shore. Cards and billiard® were oar usual amusements, and to following these paetiaiee we c mutinies found ourselves in qneer places and often in dangerous localities 5 for 'Frisco was not the place then that it is to-dsy. In those days the dty was infested with some of the worst characters, and rascals that ever existed. Upon the night in question all agreed to go in uniform, aod as brass bufrons and shoulder straps were the predominating feature in oar uniform In those days, it was difficult for the landsmen to distinguish between the dress of the Bteer- sge and that of the wardroom officers. Sometime daring oar perambulations on shore I foand myself separated from my companions, and after walking about for some time chanced opposite the ' Palace Saloon 1 — one of the most magnificent bat most lawless places which then abounded in the city. Being ready for almost any adven ture I strolled in and called for bottle of wine ; bring pretty well supplied with money I was not long In picking np acquaintances. I was eventually invited to take a hand in a game of billiards and soon became absorbed in its facinations. ' The room was well filled with a cos mopolitan crowd. While waiting for my opponent to make his 'ran' I noticed a group whose appearance marked them as belonging to the gambling fraternity fixine their glances upon me, and now and then engaging in a whispered conversation. The game being finished a trio of the group ap proached me, and smiling blandly invited me to join them in a cigar and a ehat over a glass. I readily assented, and we adjourned to an inner room which was elaborately furnished. The trio sat directly opposite me. Happening to cast my eyes in their direction I detected a hasty glance pass between them, and immediately one of the trio arose, passed oat of the room and closed the door. At the same time I heard the peculiar click of a lock and like a flash it dawned npon me that I was a prisoner. Rising to my feet I demanded an ex planation of each condacb, bat received in retarn a malicious sneer. One of my com panions without a word then drew from his breast a murderous-looking dagger. I saw a once that murder was contemplated, and springing into a corner of tbe room prepared to sell my life as dearly as possible. My only weapon was a small clasp knife which I usually carried about my person. Placing my thumb npon the clasp in order to prevent the blade from closing upon my hand and thereby disabling me, I awaited the on slaught which 1 w&s; convinced wonld soon come. My two assailants withdrew to a corner of the room ; there one of them taking from his pocket something which looked like straws or matches, they proceeded to draw lots. Presently I noticed the smaller one of the two suddenly turn pale. Reaching ont his hand he received the dagger from his -com panion and deliberately proceeded to measure off about five inches of its blade. He slowly approached me and I frit that tbe critical moment had arrived. I fixed my eyes upon those of the assassin as he slowly approached me, and npon meeting my gaze he seemed baffled for the moment and he paused as his eyes rested npon the knife which I held in my hand. He did not seem to know the exact nature of the weapon, so he retreated a few steps. The man's companion, soring him hesitate, made an effort to urge him on ; but to no purpose, and finally they both withdrew to the further side of the room and again held a hurried conversation. Turning towards me again tbe one with the dagger lay down on the floor, in order to be below the range of my weapon, and working himself towards me prepared to strike ; poising himself npon his right arm and foot, with the dagger in his left hand he made a fearful lunge toward me ; the blow fell short of its mark. I assumed tbe offensive. Throwing the whole weight of my body forward npon my left foot t longed forward, bat missed my opponent owing to bis low position on the floor. Seeing that I was about to force the fight my opponent lost courage and begau to sob and cry like a child, and refused tore- new the attack, although urged on repeatedly by his companion. While tills was going on the suspense to me was terrible ; I dared not force tbe fight, as it was two to one, and I knew that if I left my corner it was sore death. Losing patience the other assassin seized the dagger from the band of his companion and prepared to renew the attack. At this moment tbe door was unlocked and opened, a stranger rnshed into the room, and arizing the hand that held the dagger exclaimed : 4 ?ou fools, this is not our man !' The would-be assassins immediately fled, and turning to me the stranger cautioned me to leave the place as qnickly as possible. I did not stand npon the order of going, bat fonnd my way out npon the street In qnick time. Passing down the street I ran upon an old friend, Detective Allen. Upon semng me he exclaimed : ' Whet is the matter — yon look as if yon hod seen a ghost !' I re lated to him -as briefly as possible my adven ture, and he assnred me that I was lucky to escape with my life, as I had been In the most dangerous place in 'FriBCo. I spent the rest of tbe night with my friend Allen and early the next morning went on board. That same -day we left for the Okhotsk Sea, and on returning some two months later we were surprised to hear that Lieutenant Marshall, United States -'Navy, bad been foully murdered and found lying on the Btreet near the 'Palace Saloon.' Great excitement prevailed in naval circles because of hia death, and tbe most strenuous efforts were made to discover hia murderers ; but they were of no avail. The excitement soon died out, and shortly after our ship was put out of commission and her officers and crew ordered East. Upon arriving at New York I ma ordered to the Naval Academy at Annapolis. I-was one day strolling abont tbe ancient city when I observed an elderly geotleman «j>- proaehiogme. Extending hia band he greeted me cordially, exclaiming, ' Well, Lieutenant Marshall, how are you? when Aid you arrive !' Before I could offer any explanation his arm ma drawn withio mine, and before I knew it I was at his doorstep. I immedia tely informed him that ha was mistaken, aa my name was Mate M — -, United States Navy. He could hardly be .convinced,- and would not accept my explanation nntil he had called one; of his daughters, with whom the lieutenant was intimately acqn&inted.; The moment ahe saw me her sroman'ewit detected the mietafce ; hot they all declared ; that they never saw two persons who sb closely resembled each other. The circom- stimces of that' eventful night in San: Francisro jjamnridlydhefore me again, and after pondering a while the whole mystery was solved. ' ' It seemed that Lieutenant Marshall bad ' given offence to- some of these worthies who frequented the .gambling - saloons, and they had sWorxrto' take hia liTe at the firet opportunity. The resemblance between myself and their intended victim had indeed nearly costme my.life,— RutJicOpifttoa. 