SKETCHER In a Monster's Jaws. Stirring Adventures with Lions in the Hottentot Country. The Wonderful Strength of the King of Beasts—Sensations of a Man Who Was Carried Half a Mile Between the Teeth of a Huge Brute. While trapping lions in the Hottentot country for the Hamburg animal house I had opportunities for seeing the king of beasts at his best and for making close ob- servations of his traits of character, writes a correspondent. We were once camped in a grove on the bank of a creek, our party numbering over thirty people. The bank on the other side was rocky ground, pretty thickly covered with scrub, and right on the brink stood one of the largest lions I ever saw. He was out in full view, head and tail up, and stood so still for a moment that I doubted if he was alive. We had a new milch cow tied to the wheel of one of the waggons, and the lion advanced to within thirty feet of her and then made a spring which landed him fairly upon her back. She fell in a heap, and he seized her by the neck, gave her two or three shakes, which broke the grass rope around her head, and then he got his right shoulder under her and started off. The cow weighed at least five hundred pounds, but he carried her with perfect ease, her hind feet dragging on the ground. At the creek he made a jump of eleven feet, ascended a sloping bank without a halt, and soon disappeared in the broken ground with his prey. He was gone before we had a gun ready. About four months later, on the Orange River, I had a close call for my life, with no one at hand to aid me by distracting the at- tention of the lion. I had only one white man with me, and he was ill of fever. We had dug a pit on a path frequented by lions coming down to drink, but were much annoyed by other animals falling into it. On the first night, after the natives had driven several useless animals away, a large lion and lioness came down the path. When first discovered the lion was ahead, but he got the scent of my men, who were stationed in a tree, and stopped short to growl and sniff, while the lioness, who was perhaps very thirsty, advanced slowly and went down into the pit. The pit was two miles from our camp, and we heard nothing of the row which took place when the lion discovered the trick played on his mate. He tore around like mad, and then lay down at the foot of the tree and besieged the men. As soon as it was daylight I left camp on horseback to ride over and see what luck. I rode straight for the place, and when within forty rods called to the men. They answered at once, and though I could not make out what they said I knew they were excited over something. I was riding around a clump of trees on to an open space, when my horse suddenly started. Next instant I was on the ground and the lion standing over me, and I could hear the horse tearing away through the scrub like mad. The lion had pulled me down, tearing the back out of my coat, vest, and shirt, but not drawing blood with his claws. As in the previous case, I was not frightened, because it had occurred so suddenly that I had not time to lose my nerve. I was on my left side, bareheaded, and the lion stood for a moment with his paw on my right shoulder looking after the horse. The natives saw the fleeing horse, knew very well what had happened to me, and at once descended the tree and made for camp. I did not blame them, and perhaps that very action saved my life. I had time to collect my thoughts in that single minute, and, as I had routed one lion by barking like a dog, I decided to follow the same plan in this case. But, as I said at the beginning, lions are as unlike as men. At my first bark this fellow growled savagely and gave me a terrible bite in the hip. Had I cried out at that or made any struggle he would have finished me at once. I repressed my feelings and played dead. I had a revolver strapped to my back, but it would not do to reach for it. After biting me the lion watched and waited for signs of life, and when he could detect none he seized my right shoulder in his teeth, gave me a shake and a twist, and next moment I was being carried off on his back. His teeth did not touch my flesh, and as I lay almost across him on my side my hand struck the butt of the revolver. I had it out of the holster in a second, and then I felt I had a show. Whether the beast felt any movement or not he growled at in- tervals, and his breath came back on me so strong that I was nauseated. I intended to fire into him as he carried me along, but he was swaying about so that I dared not risk it. After carrying me half-a-mile through the scrub and over broken ground the lion halted at the head of the ravine, in which he doubtless had his lair. He turned about as if to see if pursuit had been made, and the muzzle of the pistol came against his left hip. I fired at once, and the next instant was flung in a heap on the earth, while the lion uttered a scream of pain. I was on my knees in a flash, but the beast was ten feet away, going round in circles and biting at the wound. He did not notice me in the least, and I sent another bullet in him just back of the shoulder. He uttered another scream, and instead of rushing at me, as I fully expected, made a leap into the ravine, and I could hear him running for some distance. I was badly shaken up, but I lost no time in getting out of the neighborhood,and in the course of an hour reached camp. Nearly everybody was out looking for me. See now how inconsistently that lion acted. He came out into the open ground and charged the party of over twenty men, although they had not disturbed him. He had run from me in his surprise, and now felt ashamed of himself. He knocked over a native as he charged, but was riddled with bullets, and gave up the ghost. 