SEALED ORDERS OR THE TRIPLE MYSTERY. This Story is written from exhaustive memoranda from the diary of Chief Inspector Brynes of the New York Polioe. CHAPTER IV. THE DOCTOR'S THEORY. Bitter, indeed, was the disappointment o the detective when he learned that the very person-in fact, the only one-from whom he hoped to glean very necessary and im portant information in the case to which he had been assigned was dead. The sealed orders sent to him by Chief Inspector Byrnes, which he had not perused until be reached his room in the Arlington after his hasty flight from New York, nad durected himun to communicate at once with the mother of Theresa Orlando. The result of that communication we have seen. Nothmg came from it beyond the alight knowledge of the woman herself wtmch Nick was enabled to glean from the short and unfruitful interview. But stop! __ uro had come from it. He had seen enongh to establish a conviction m his mind whica he was now somewhat reltutant to admit, even to himself. First, he had no belief in the theory that the Senora Urlando had died of a broken heart. Having himself seen the symptoms which the woman nad developed oniy a few hours before her m)s.erious eato no could m no way attribute them to overmastering sorrow. Some other and more powerful ageney was at work than that or aeapair over the loss of a child. He lelt confident of that, and ne had spent much of the night in tnmkmg upon toe subject and in neae.oping his pans for the interview wnion was to nave taken place mn tne morning. Tnose plans, arranged after careful thougns, auddenly tell to the ground, useless and oi no accounD; out there sul remained to himun the opinion he had formed in tne quie; watches or the night, by which he accounted for the phleical and mental con dition in which he had Sound the bereaved woman. It was his thorough belief in that opinion which caused him to make the softo rice remark at tne end of the preceing cnapter. As soon, therefore, as he linished his breakfast he toos wis way to the residence of the family physician-the same one wno had been called when the daugnter Theresa was found dead upon her bed with the shattered fragments of a wine glass lying upon the floor oeside her. Doctor Jerome was a young man, both in years and in professional experience, but his ability was unquestioned, and already he had won an enviable reputation as a skilful practitioner. But the detective was destined to disap pointment. When he reached the house of tne physician he was informed that the doctor had gone out a few moments before, and it was not known when he would return. Near by was the house at which Nick had oalled the preceding evening, and as ne in stinctively glanced toward it he saw, in the act of ascending the stone steps, the figure of a man woo was unmistakably a physician. To hasten forward and address him before he had time to press the electric button of the door was but the work of a moment. "Pardon me," he said to the man upon the steps; "are you not Dr Jerome?!" "Yes," was the reply, "and I cannot be interviewed." SPardon me again," said Nick, coolly; "I am not a reporter, bat an officer of the law." "Ah!J" "f you wll meet me at your office in an _..' elor. will not dssain yoen , da".'-. The doctor hesitatd a motmei t?'?ne? turned and descended the steps. " Iwill go with you now," he said, "for unless 1 err you are from New York, and are sent here by Chief Inspector Byrnes." Nick was surprised, but he did not show it. At the same time he wondered how this man, a stranger to hun, knew so much. He made no reply, and the two men re crossed the street together, and two minutes later were closeted in the doctors offire. The detective saw, in the clear-oct features, broad brow, and keen eyes of the physician outlines of a character in which he bettered the greateit confidence mignt be reposed, and the outward evidence of an analytical mind, whichn, if correctly directed, woula prove of inestimable benefis to hun m the work he had to no. " Doctor, ' he said as soon as they were alone together, " before touching upon the motive or my call here this morninug I wish, in addition to telling you my name and occupation, to request that you will observe the untmust discrtion--nay, anosoute secrecy -regarding everything which takes place between us." " Gertainly, sir. The first thing that a doctor shonia acquire is the absuty to keep a secret." " Unuoubtedly." '"I waan to say, however, that I have very little time to place at your disposa this morning. ' "My onsiness, doctor, refers to precisely the same thing which engrosses your attention this morning," replied Niex. "lndeed? May l ck- "I refer to me sudden death of MLrs Orlando." " Ah !" "Doctor, here comes my secret. I am a detective, and 1 nave been sent here by Chiet Inspector Byrnes, of New Ysra, for purpsees wnich I wiu not now pause to explain." "'resumably, however, to investigate certamn quesiuns ahich were reterred to your chier the mght before last." " You know, nen - "I lnow that much at least." " Then, after informag you that the name opon the card you hold in your hand ia the one by wutch I prefer to be known for the present, we canproceei at once to business." "Certesnly. If I know yon only as Mr Gregory Green I am not likely to address you by any other name." "Thank you. May I now ask you a number of questions !" "As many as you like." "Did you know that I called upon Mrs Orlando last evening ?" "I knew that somebody called; a person of whom we have avery meagre description. -"tei- ddhat hthe pohe are now searchmg for that unknown individual. "Indeed !" " Yes," '"Then some other cause than that of a broken heart is snapecr?ed as the reason of Mrs Orlando's death." "No; another cause is known" " She was poisoned." The ghost of a smile shone for an instant On the teeptive's face as he said, quietly: "I came hdre for the purpose of making that identical statement to you." "*Indeed! Then yon' "I discovered, or at least believed I did, the symptoms of narcotic poisoning when I saw the unfortunate womanlast pight. " Y'ou ahonld have selected my profession, Mr Green." 'Perhaps. Bnttellme, please, how you made the discovery, and why you failed to detect is until too lste to prevent the conse. q"Th't is very simply told." "Yes?" "Ever since the death of her daughter Mrs Orlando has refused to see anybody except her maid. You, I believe, are the only person with whom she is known to have conversed, although this sudden alamity would indioate--" S"That the supposition is wrong." ·. Exactly.'" "'When aid you last see her, doctor '" "Immediately after the funeral of her danghter." "How did she appear then! "' "Overcome by grief." "Naturally. lBut, to insist, was there 4poything in her murer a, that time. or in her appearance, upon which you can now look back, with the feeling that if you had fully grasped the situation then you could have prevented the death that occurred last night ?" " Yes-and no." " Will you explain " "I had a vague idea when I left her that day that she was ill. Her pallor was too great, and the expression of her eyes denoted -er-' " What?' "Either incessant weeping, or the use of a narcotic of some kind.' "Ah?l' "I adopted the latter theory, believing that she had merely sought solace in its use. The subject was too delicate for me to intro duce at that time, and I really thought no more about it until last night." ' And then- ' "Taen, sir, I leaped to a decision out of which I cannot argue myself." "That was-' "That she was poisoned." "Ao l " Understand me; everything in the room where she was found would indicate that she had merely used the drug for mental relief, and had died of an overdose which was self-administered. .' CHAPTER V. LOOIC AND REASON VERSUS FACT. Nick Carter left his chair and walked across the room to the window, where he re mained gazing outupon the street for several moments. Tnen he returned, and resumed the conversatio as thougo there had been no break. "Very much the some conditions sur rounded her then that were found in the room of her daughter two weeks ago," he acid. ." Yes." " But the same drug had not been em. ployed ' "No." " What was the cause of death in this case !' " The active principle of digitalis, or, in other words, digitanle." "Ah! " The action of this poison upon the human system is always remarkable, and in no two cases with which I am familiar has it pro duced precisely the same effect.' " How was it in this case ?' " Wait, please. One peculiarity of the drug is that after it has been taken con tinuously in small doses another dose of the same size may prove suddenly fatal. Phyet c;aus, in using it as a remedy, must necessarily make a close study of the patient in order to guard against this very point." " Well ? "In the cise of Mrs Orlando there had undoubtedly been continuous use of the drug for some time. Who prescribed it remains a mystery which must be solved. ' "Surely." " It is the last remedy in the world that I, as her physician, would have prescrioed fir her, and there is no doubt in my mind that she took the drug, knowing nothing of its deadly qualnties and relying solely upon the judgment of the person who suggested it." " Then, although you state so confidently that Mrs Orlando was poisoned, you are still of the opinion that the deadly draught may not have been criminally administered. Am I to so understand you? ' "Again yes-and no." "Pardon me, doctor, but you are rather enigmatical this morning this morning." "'No; I am logical." "VWell !" " Let us be consistent." " Above all things." "We know that Mrs Orlando died of poisoning by digitalis, a powder which is easily solnole in alcohol." " Yes." " We know that she might have taken a :ertain quantity at stated intervals for some ime without fatal resanls. I.? r,. ww- mw that precisely the aameJ .Sa7 ! tie takasa+noijt ·ooten =woo.d' ruas death, as iuser case. "Therere, nlea we sa n :nd who the person is who gave her the drug, and un earth some motive for a crime like this. we are forced to the hypothesis that the case is one of carelessness resulting from inexperience or negligence, or it is one of suicide." "True. Now, doctor, what is your theory!" ' ] have none." "Eh? Yonsaid---" "That Mrs Orlando was poisoned. I repeat it. Further than that I do not wish w go." "'Doctor," said Nick, after a moment's silence, " there is in every man an inner :onsciousness which asserts itself in spite of the influence of his own will and reason.' "I believe that." "I do not believe that any man who is empanelled as a juror on a celebrates criminal case, can truthfully say that he is waitont prejudice or opinion m the matter.' "Why !" " Becanme he has, unconsciously, if yo please, decided in his heart tme guilt or in. nocence of the criminal he is to try.'" " Wel .1" "Tnere exists in your heart at this moment jusn snen a sentimnent regarding the case we are discussing, and-pardon me-1 want to know want it is." * Why ?" " First unpressions are often prophetic. I want to know what your first impression was when you entered that room of death.'' '"Suicide.' " And is that what your inner conscious ness says to you now T' " Yes." " What was the condition ef the room ?' "Tnere were no changes that I could see. " The body was upon the bed, I believe." "Yes. Mrs Orlando had retired for the night." "'Hnm I That fact might strengthen your theory.' "Howo so " " If she had not contemplated suicide abshe might have taken the ormg before retiring; as s is, she dispensed with the service of nor maid before she swallowed the poison.", "True; I had not thought of that." "How long have you been the regular physcian in that house, doctor ?" " About eighteen months." "You have known the family intimately in that time ? ' "' Qaite so." "Arguing on the supposition that the hand of an assassin has been at work in the death of both mother and daughter, have you any cuine whatever regarding the identity of an enemy !' "Absolutely none." " You have never heard a word dropped which might indicate that such enemy ex Isted!' "Never." "- Let us refer to the case of the daughter." "Very well." " You were ona'led as soon asthe body was found, I believe," " Yes," "Were your impressions the same then as in the case of the mother ' "Do you mean suicide " - "They were." "And remain the same now ' "Certainly. No person of sense could think otherwise. There was the vial on the dresser, tht broken glass beside the bed, the \- Bah I any other theory would be sheer folly." "I am quite inclined to agree with you." "There could be no otner conclusion formed by a man of healthy perceptive faculties. I go even a step farther." " Ah ! In whatway ? ' " You doubtless know about the death of Birayton -tussell.' " Certainly." "' Are you also investigating that matter ." " Not now, certainly. " Everybody says that Brayton RunasellI was murdered." " W~hy, yes." "I do not believe it." "Really! Ylou do astonish me now, doctor. 1 thought-5" "I know what yen thought-what evqery:. body thinks; I am firm in the belief that Russell stabbed himself, and that it is as much a case of felo do so as the others." "Humph I Why?" - "Murderers don't creep down chimneys like Santa Clans." "True." " There was no possible way in which an assassin could have obtained access to Bray ton Russell's apartment without attracting notice and without disturbing the intended victim." "Granted. Well?" "Russell was found just as his valet left him. I mean in the same position." "True." "Can a reasonable man believe that a person, dagger in hand, could have opened the door, even with a key, without attract ing the attention of the man who was sitting in his chair smoking? Having gained admittance, could such a person have crept up behind him and have struck the blow without a sonnd to break the stillness of that room! Toe idea is preposterous. Russell would have ssnsed the presence of the intruder-" "If it was an intruder." "Eh? Bah I I have thought the matter over hours at a time, and only to add to my conviotion chat Russell was his own murderer." CHAPTERIVL ; ' THE RIGHT T5JACK.'?!' The detective only shrugged his shoulders in response to the doctor's emphatic state nent ' \Vere you also called there t' he asked presently. Ye." "You were acquainted with Russell r' Very well indeed." ' Intimate ?" "Nos; we met often in society, but were never companions." " He was wealthy ?" I believe so." "To whom does his property descend !" 'To a brother, I believe." "Do you know anything about the brother 7" "' No except that his name is Belden that he is much older than Brayton was, that he had lived abroad for a good many years, and that his fortune was the same as his brother's It came to them by inheritance." 'Have you examined the bottle which was Found on the dressing-case in Theresa Orlando's room?"' asked Nick, suddenly changing the subject. "Certainly." " Is there any way of ascertaining where the aconite wasprocured"? "None."?' "No mark on the bottle ?"' " No." "Nor peculiarity of the drug itself by which it might be traced ?" " Eh ? Certainly not." "Are the same answers to be made in the ase of the digitaline used by her mother?" "' Yes." "Doctor, who was the first to recognize the stiletto with which Russell was killed t" "I., "Indeed !" "Yes. .I recognized it instantly." "You had seen it often ?" " Yes, a number of times." " Where ?" "On the table in the parlor of the Orlandos." " When did you last see it there Y" "About a week before these events." "Tell me about it." "Russell, Navarro. and I happened to meet there. Russell took the weapon in his hand and admired it., and Miss Orlando remarked laughingly that if it were not for the superstition regarding sharp-pointed instruments she would present it to him." "Russell replied in the same bantering ray Ipat be would take an early opportunity ;tl.aling it." 'Well? And then!" It'-wa returned to the table, and; ro h'?t"Ccr theory. TT .... , ;t1 and acerward iiieuot ,h actly that." - - " 'hore were rumors of an engagembnt between Russell and Theresa ; was there any oundation for them ?' " 1 believe they were in love with each other, but as for an engagement-" "Do you think that they had spoken to gether of love ?!" " I believe they understood each other." "Do you, as physician, friend, or man of the world, know of any impediment to a mnarriage between them ?' The doctor passed one hand slowly across his forehead, and did not reply. Nick wasted, but the answer did not come, and presently he repeated the question. "Mr Green, since that is the name by which I know you, said the doctor, slowly, "*I am acquainted with a secret in the life of Bra)ton Russell which is involved in the answer to that question. I hesitate to answer, because I am considering whether I nave now the right to reveal it.' "If the secret will tend to solve these mysteries, you are, as a man of honor, bound to reveal is, ' replied Nick, quickly. " Do you think so " Yes. " "And yet I promised Brayton Russell that Inever would do sr, come what might. " He could not foresee an event of this kind." '" Perhaps not." '" Does it concern a possible impediment to his marriage with Miss Orlando I' "An actual one." " Ah l " I will tell you the secret." " Thank you.' "lBrayton Russell was already a hus. hand." SYou surprise me." " it is true." " Who, besides you, was or is aware of this r" " Only three persons in this country kuow of it; they were Russell, his wife, and my. self." "Yon forget the man who married them." "He is dead." " And the witnesses." " One is now in an asylum for the insane; the other has disappeared." " That is remirrkable." " "Very." "D~d you ever see Mrs Russell ?' "Never." "' Nor her picture ?' " No." " Where is she now '" "I do not know." "Where was she when you isarned the secret !" - " I do notknow." "How did you happon to be told this fact" "That I mnst decline to explain." " Is the womap alive to.day 7' "I believe so. Of eourse I do not know positively." "Do you know of any way in which she can be founid ?' "None," "Something must have been said when Russell told you this chapter of his life, that uagested her place of residence, or at least where they were married," "There was nothing." "Is there a child I" " I believe not." "Have you told me all! Do yon mean to say that Russell told you the bare fact that he was a married man, and nothing more " "I mean precisely that, You know as much as I do concerning the matter." "Had his wife ever visited him at his apartments at the Covington 7" 'I do not know, but think not." " Why?" " Only because I gathered the idea from the way he spoke that she was not and had never been in Washington." " When did Rusecl tell you this story !" " About a week before his death."' " Did he ever refer to the subject again ?" "Do you believe that he spoke the truth ?" "I am sure of it." "You are convinced that this wife exists 7" '-I am." "Then she meat be found." "Try to think of some word uttered by Russell in that conversation which will give us a clue" "I have tried, and it is useless." "'It is a strange story, doctor." 'Very." "One that is hard to believe."' .. "I believe it." "If she exists she may be his murderer, or- "I still'cling to my theory of suicide." " Good. I haven t the slightest objection. Even then it furnishes a motive for such a deed. By the way. doctor, to change the sobject rather abruptly, was it not curious that Navarro, Russell's friend, and Agnes Iuez Orlando, Tnerea s cousin. should have been married the same evening that these crimes--call them by what name you please -were committed ?" '. Very." "I have examined the testimony taken at the inquest upon Ressell and I find that Navarro dodged the question when asked why he had been sent for." " Yes." " Funny that he should do that. Er-by the way. were Theresa and her cousin on friendly terms t" Friendly, yes; they were not over de monstrative, however. I do not think they were fond of each other." \- "Navarro called frequently, at Theresa's house. did he not?' Quite so." " Are you well acquainted :withManuel Navarro" ciallva nly nI o Humph I D ,otr I am becoming cono verted to the theory of snlcide in the cases of Russell and Tnersa Orlando, and to that of accidental death in the case of Mrs Orlando. The double suicide was doubtless agreed upon between the parties, and-" "I am convmced of it." Twenty minutes later, however. when Nica Carter left the doctor's house he mur mured hal aloud : "' I am more than ever convinced that three murders have been committed here, and I believe I am on the right track." SCHAPTER VII. ONE MAN'S INTUITION. "There is more than ordinary mystery here," mused Nick Carter, as he walked slowly along the street after taking his leave of Doctor Jerome, " and in order to arrive at a point from which a possible solution may 'begin I must do a little systematic arrangmig of facts, dates, persons,' places, and events. ' " Furthermore," he added, a few moments later, L" in order to cover the ground I shall need some assistance, and-" tie paused suddenly, for his thought leaped quickly into a new channel; one that pleased him ; one that rendered him suddenly hopeful of greater and easier success than he had before anticipated. ' Good 1" he murmured, and he hurried along somewhat faster than before. "'The idea is a good one," Then he whistled softly to himself as he turned into Farragat square and skirted it in the direction of the Arlington. The office of this famous hotel resembles a club-room where Congressmen, Senators, newpaper men, and public characters generally most do congregate. There is rarely a time whenone may not see prominent men well known throughout the country sitting there hobnobbing with each other while enjoying their cigars and'daily papers. A feature of the place is the carriage. clerk's desk, and the man who presides over it has occupied the same position for so many years that he has become familiar with the ways, habits, and associates of almost every man of prominence in the country. The detective strolled into the place, and fortunately found the carriSge.clerk enjoy ing a moment of respte. " Gordon," said Nick, "can you put some one in charge here for half-hour or so, and give me that much. of our time 2 , \- ertainlyifyou it.'.was the repl ' "At ea s?' ' "Yes." ~ . "'Good. I will expect you." The detective hastened to his room, where, a few minutes later, he was joined by Mr Gordon. who.wore an expression of per plexity, naturally wondering what the uno usual request portended. He was invited to be "seated, and then Nick went straight to the point. S"Mr Garden," he said. "I have known of you for a good many years, and just now I find myself in a position where you can be of the greatest assistance to me. "I am always ready to-" " I know that. I want some information which you can furnish." 'I .m at your service, so long as it does not-" It will in no way conflict with your duty or with any consoientions scruples." 'Then command me, air." "Thank you. First, however, I wish'to say that if I did not believe. that I could place ausolute contience in your discretion, andresy'upun yonuto orget tas interview as soon as it enads I could not think ot going into tee- matter upon wnich I am about tu, Gordon remained silent, and waited for the rdetective to proceed. "If.you will permit," continued' the de teotive, - I will not go into my reasons Jur seeking the inlormation I do. You may draw your own ounlreaions, and probably they will not be far from he truth. If you will reply o my lquestions and .nn forges that we ever talked together on these subjects, it is allI ask." Very. well, air." - ;'You know nearly everybody in Wash' ington, I am told.' I know a great many people; yes." Did you anew Brayton tussest " Very wel, indeed." For how tong ' reveral yeare; I cannot say how many." "You have tasked wih bhon olten " Frequently." You were, of coure, shocked by the news ofhis audden death ." "Do yeo thk It probable that ioe killed hiinself " "'No sir." "I don't know that I can give a good reason moretnanto say that, wast my know ledge of Brayton Russells characcer, I could never be made to believe that he committed suicide." "* Good I Now, who killed him l" "Iwish Iknew." 'So do L I asked the qoestion for the purpose of getting an expression of your snsplcoans, if yonu have any." "I have none." "In your frequent talks with him can you remember notrhmg that was said wthich would indicate the existencw of an enemy who might have done this thing ' wNothing." "I am told that he was very fond of society." "T ?et ins true." " And of ladies." 'It would be more corret to put it in the other way," " How 1" "The ladies were fond of him." "The tranposition is worthy of thought. Are you famu.iar with any rumore which connected his name with tuat of any lady ?" "rYes." " Good I What are they 2" " He was reported engaged to Miss Orlando, the lady who-" " Go on. 1 am curious to learn how you will finish the sentence." "W Who was, I believe, also murdered," "Ah i" " I know the idea to hbe absurd, and yet it is unequivocally my opinion." "Why?" " 1 have no good reason." " Did you klur her?" "Everythiog counected with her death pointed to suni. do." " True, but, in my opinion, that fact ex. presses the doubs." " ABh I" "It seems to me that the evidences of suicide were too caretflly arranged. "I have -thought f . that' also, Mr Gordon."' "You see,; sir,-it would be so easy to deceive a girl like her, asto the drug she was taking." " Very true." ."She might have swallowed the aconite Ibelieving it be high-colored sherry, or somd thing of the kind." " I have thought of another point." " What is that 1" "Why, if she had wished to commit unicide, she would not have selected aconite as the medium." " People select queer agents to bring them in contact with death, Mr Gordon." " That is so, yet I never heard of aperson who selected the tincture of aconite with which to commit the act; did you? " " No." "I believe she was murdered; I believe that the same hand which slew Brayton Russell prepared the poison for her; I be lieve the hand belonged to a woman, who mons have had an accomolice, and I believe that when that mystery is solved, if it ever is, Washington will be startled as it never was before." W' Vhy do you believe all this 2" "I haven's a reason in the world, sir. I only believe it, that is-alL" " But why do you attribute the crimes to a woman 2", "Because-well, because I believejealousay tobe the motive.. " . ' Cefi:nued.) 