Br JULIA HACK, Author of " The Boggart o' th' Mill/1 " Miglifi • . • .. versus Itight," &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author,' AH rights reserved.] Chapteb III. With hps depressed,, as he were meeK, Himself unto himself he sold— Upon himself himself did feed Quiet, dispassionate, and cold, And other than his form of creed, With chiselled features clear and sleek. Texntson". Sir Frederick Bailey was a man not gene') rally understood. The honest, straightforward ' Devonshire squires thought him a fine, good-1 hearted fellow. A bold rider, a crack shot, and a jolly companion, he was everywhere a welcome guest and no credence was given to certain dark rumors _ which, were whispered abroad from time to time. . . * Certain it was that those who knew him best • liked him least. The sister who lived witli Mm and kept his house obeyed him with slavish submission, although by no means a woman of meek disposition, and his_ servants never dared to neglect an order or dispute Ms will. . - . The young squire enjoyed the unenviable distinction of being able to carry "more wine than any man of Ms acquaintance. Yet none the less was he courted by every match-making mother in the district. A long rent-roll covers many offences. It may seem strange that such a man should have desired for bis wife a girl so refined as Euth Ainslie. It was, however, for that very . reason that she had acquired so strong an in fluence over Mm. Some part of hie nature, not yet debased, was attracted by the qualities so . conspicuously laclring in himself. Strange as it was, he loved her. _ He looked up to her as a superior being, and if she could have returned or even endured Ms love she might have raised him. But she had scorned him. She had cast him. aside and at once the love which governed his lav/less heart lost its divine spark and became a dark, cruel impulse, bent only upon self-indulgence, no matter at what cost. , Unlike his bucolic neighbors, Colonel Ainshe was not deceived in the character of the young; . squire. He was too much a man of the world to be taken in by a noisy laugh and jovial manner. Long ago Sir ■ Frederick^ had . recognised this fact and never troubled himself to disguise his motives. " Nothing to fear from the old man," ha would say to himself. " It suits his- book to play into my hand, old sinner; he'd sell bis soul for a couple of years in Paris." He was right! but apart from self-interest Colonel Ainslie might be trusted to play Ms part with skill. He was a bom actor; ar7 actor so good that he frequently deceived him', self as completely as others and it was a, posi* tive pleasure to Mm to have a little drama to work out. His rdle was not easy; for he had no desire to show Mmself to his daughter in his true colors. It had been gall and wormwood to him to find that Sir Frederick was so well aware of his secret desires. It should not be his fault if Euth were equally clear-sighted. That evenMg the old soldier opened the: campaign with an attack of palpitation. It was a severe attack and all Euth's resources were taxed for the cure. Her simple remedies , failed to produce the desired effeet_ and the patient lay helpless upon the sofa, his eyelids' .quivering, Ms breath panting, Ms hands trembling. . . - Euth was growing very anxious. ■ "What can.we do for him, Mary ?" she said. "I have given him Ms ether drops twice and be is no better. Had we not better send for - the doctor?" - "Let us try a mustard plaster first, Miss Euth," replied .Mary, "mother says.it is an excellent remedy. It should be made strongf without any flour, and put on over the heart." • "Yes, we will try that; go and fetch it, Mary," said Euth, grateful for the suggestion J " be as quick as you can;" The girl was quick; she'was absent only a few minutes, but on her return she found the invalid decidedly better. He was_ sitting up and in a feeble voice requested his daughter not to make a fuss, he should soon be well. ; Mary glanced at him suspiciously and ar faint smile flickered at tlio corners of her mouth. We may, if we are clever, succeed in , hoodwinking those who love, us, but the domestic spy who haunts our. households wa can never deceive. " Did the mustard do him goodasked the; cook, when Mary returned with the rejected plaster in her hand. : "It did," .replied the girl drily. " Sure then," you never saw such a quick cure. The mention of mustard was enough, let alone ths smell of it?" "Lor !" said cook, "and to think of.Misa Euth a-fretting-herself to fiddlestrings ovejSI : him and her looking like aj walking ghost. " Mary tossed, her head. ~ - . . . " Like a ghost, is it ?' she cried indignantly " Let them look to it as is breaking her heart, poor dear. The black-hearted spalpeen." It's glad Fd be to wring his neck—so I would." Cook looked surprised. . "Lor, Mary,", she said, .."the master's no. worse than usual. A selfish cretur', I'says, but bless you, -the men's mostly; that way. Their blessed selves is all they think of." "Mary pursed, her lips and made no reply She had said more than she intended and was not soriy that cook should think she meant to : abuse the suffering colonel. - - , That unconscious martyr was slowly "re covering from Ms attack, but still very weak. ■ " You are better, dear father ?" asked-Euth > anxiously. "I cannot think what brought on so severe a spasm; you seemed well this after noon." ■' ■ •;" ■' '.'The mind, my dear child," said the invalid faintly—" the mind preys upon the body." " Dear father," cried Euth, much surprised," " what can have happened to trouble you " You ask that, Euth—you !" And the ? colonel cast up his fine eyes and lifted Ms deli cate hands in mute appeal. ... - - "I! darling father! What have I done to grieve you ?" exclaimed Euth, kneeling. beside his couch and kissing Ms wMte hand. "Did 3 . leave you too long this evening ?" ; . "No, Euth, no," replied her father, smiling . upon her teriderly., "Am'I one to .rob my ." child of the innocent pleasures of nature ? " Do I selfishly seek to deprive her of 'those delights which are; beyond my feeble powers'! No, indeed!" ... "The selfishness was all on my side," said' Euth remorsefully,; '.'but' really, dear, I thought when you had Sir Frederick you would not want me. You always enjoy Ms -visits.": " Enjoy! Ab !" sighed the sufferer, closing , bis eyes and pressing Ms hand upon' Ms heart, . " to speak of it unnerves me, and yet I must— : it is my duty." Euth began to see wMther, the • conversation was drifting. She arose, from, her knees and seated herself upon a low chair by the sofa. "Do not speak of anything likely to agitate you, dear father," she said quietly. "After such an attack you should be quiet. Shall I read to you ?' • The colonel lifted his hand in protest. "Mylove;" he said feebly,, "do I ever allow my sufferings to 'interfere with my duty? . Does care for myself ever lead .me.to neglect you and your interests ?' "No, indeed, dear," cried Euth, with per-, feet sincerity ; "you are only too good and kind to me—the sweetest of fathers!" ■ And she laid her cheek fondly upon the hand she - held. t . . . -.. "I have endeavored to be,a good father," pursued the colonel, with closed eyes, " and I think, Euth, I really think I deserve to bp treated by you with loving obedience—with confidence." - • ' Eutb softly stroked her father s band, but did not venture upon a reply. "I have bad a shock to-day, Euth—a great shock." Still Euth was silent. ; "My child," continued the colonel, suddenly ■ -. opening his eyes and (fixing "them • upon her,"' t " you must be aware if the precarious state of my health." Again he laid his hand upon his heart. "For myself.I care not.; Why should I seek to prolong a life of suffering? ,.No, Euth, an old soldier fears not death. But; oh, . my love ! one fear I have—a cruel fear. To leave you alone in the world—unloved, uneared for; Ah ! this is the bitterness of death in- • deed!" • ; Euth burst Mto tears. " Dear, land, good, father," she sobbed, '' do not distress yourself about me. Have you not often told me not to meet trouble? It was only yesterday you "Yesterday!" interrupted the colonel. "Ah ! yesterday my heart was full of hope; now it is aching with grief—grief caused byyou^by you, :. Euth, for whom I have made such sacrifices.'' -"I am' sorry to have, disappointed you,. father," said Euth faintly.: . . -. /; "Sorry!" echoed the colonel mournfully. "Ah! Euth, that is so easily-said!; You see . me broken-hearted at the failure of my hopes, you see me crushed by fears for. your future; nay, you see me brought to the: very gates oh; death by the painful, effects of agitation, and you are sorry!" . . " ' :■ ; Euth covered her face with her . hands and wept. At that moment^ she felt herself a very ; miserable . sinner indeed- To have . brought all this grief and distress upon so ex*: • cellent a father was truly dreadful; yet what could she do ? 1 t . "You say you are sorry," continued the colonel solemnly; "I daresay you are,; Euth, ■■ but notsorry enough to sacrifice your girlish ' whims and fancies. • - : • Euth looked aghast. : . "But, father," she cried, "surely you can- • not "vvisli me to marry a man I flo not love—do ■ not even like; it would be horrible." 'l . ' •: " My.dear child, what do you knowabout love ?" replied the colonel. "You have read a,' few novels and no doubt plenty of sentimen- • tal verses, but of love as a reality-you know nothing. _ You have your fancies, no, doubt, ■; but practically you know nothing. Love, true - love, comes after marriage, and the' 'happiest marriage? are those which result from calm, "dispassionate choice—choice ■ from wise, sen sible/substantial motives." "i PoorRuth!. Her heart told her how false .wasi'this-statement.--'.-Marriage for her could never be a cold matter of calculation. To her : cost she knew what love was—love which still ,was-love however-cruelly trampled , upon and scorned. ' _ " It niay.be so with some girls," she said in alow.voipe, ''butnotridthme, father; such a ^marriage! would be an impossibility." The coloriel'f rowued slightly. "My dear," he ^replied coldly, "I am riot strong enough to bear argument on - this or any other subject. Jin my.st^ite of health it is not safe.1 I know ivhat is best for you and I make ■my plans accordingly. i'On your part youover thro w all my carefully-weighed schemes because they'do hot e'xactlysuit your childish fancies. -Very' well,myMove, " very well. Do as you r~choose,r"butpray.>pareme any affectation of •sorrow."'-. . .. ". Ruth was deeply distressed. Obedience and Unselfish' care for: her father was not only a ' duty/'. it was a; habit.': From childhood she had 'studied' his tastes and submitted to his ■ exaction^ unconscious that they were exactions so sweet is-the service of love. It cut •her to ;.th"e heart-to feel that a time had come -when, obedience was. impossible. <Her father : - must continue, tp think her selfish' and obsti "nate, for' she Could not defend herself. She 'coula not teU him of that love which 'made it 'doubly-impossible for Sir Frederick's proposal to be regarded by her with any but feelings of •loathing. J " • - ■. Ruth was not'angry with her father, nor did .she think .him unjust. "Love for her—so she told herself—care for her future, and desire to :see her well ".married -blinded him to the true character of the man who sought her hand. -And-how--unselfish"it-was of him to wish her to marry when her marriage must needs leave him lonely in his old age. : So far the colonel: had succeeded admirably: •Ruth was-plunged "into a proper state of re morseful -penitence, while he posed as the \- model, t self-sacrificmg -father. She said no more in words, but she redoubled her care for ■his comfort, and in''her gentle, pleading eyes he could read her self,-accusing thoughts: \- It -was;-"a.' good , beginning, but somehow there was. no progress.. _ The colonel main-: tamedpan .'attitude of dignified sorrow. ■ He had many attacks of palpitation and never failed to acquaint her with the cause, hut all in vaini Ruth looked, pale, distressed, heart broken,'but she showed no signs of yielding, \- and the colonel began to_ suspect that, .besides' lier nose arid her voice, his daughter inherited -not a little of- his strength of character. . .Gentle as she was he did not find her as pliable as he expected. And so the weeks rolled by. :" ' (.To he continued.) 