CONSECRATION OF holy TRINITY church, wangaratta. On Wednesday afternoon the order of consecration of the Holy Trinity Church was performed by the Lord. Bishop of Melbourne, Dr. Field Flowers Goe. His Lordship arrived at Wangaratta by the midday, train, and was received by me vicar and twelve guardians at the railway station, and after a very cordial welcome was conducted to the parsonage, where lunch wa3 provided by Mrs. Hall. Besides the Bishop there: were also present at luucheoti the visiting clergy, Canon Ser jeant (Beech worth), Rev. G. Taylor (Cliil- tern), and others, and the hon. treasurer, Mr. J. B. Docker, and hon. secretary, Mr. W. K. Potter. At half-past two the ceremony of consecration was c -mmeuced. The Bishop, attended by his chaplains and the deputy registrar (Mr. Fred. Gray having been appointed to act in that ca- pacity, the registrar being unable to attend), after marching round the church, were received at the door by the Rev. J. K. Hall, incumbent, and the 12 guardians, Messrs. J. B. Docker, W. K. Potter, tV. Dale, D. Ool-e-i, T. G. Bullivaut, R. Manley, J. Hinchley, T. Sales, West, Mowbray, M. Docker, and Dr. Cullman. The petition to consecrate the church was delivered to the Bishop, who received it, aud ordered it to be read by the Deputy Registrar. The petition was read (all the Congregation standing) and the Bishop signified his consent to consecrate tho church according to the prayer contained in the petition. The Bishop, and clergy, with the gu irdians, then proceeded up the aisle to the Holy Table, whilst the 24th Psalm w is repeated. The deeds of the church were then presented to the Bishop by Mr. J. B. Docker ; those, to gether with the petition, the Bishop placed upon the Holy Table. Tho order of consecration service was then proceeded with in the ordinary manner, after which tho sentence of consecration was read aloud by the deputy registrar /If' n ,\ »nr1 ntrvnnrl Tlx 7 fllo 11911. tur, JJ . VJ l Ii.y j uuu wj - op, and it was -then ordered by him that the sentence, together with the petition and other deeds be duly recorded and registered in the Diocesan Reg stry. When "this had been done the Bishop said, "I declare this chnrchof Holy Trinity to be now consecrated and set apart to God for ever, in the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." The order of evening service was then pro ceeded with, the Proper Psalms being Ixxxtv. and exxxii. The first lesson, 1st Kings, vii. 51. viii. 12, was read by the Rev. Canon Serjeant, of Beechworth, who also conducted the greater portiou of the service. The second lesson, Eph. ii., 2nd to end, was read by the Rev. J. K. Hall, incumbent. An an them, " O, How Amiable," was ren dered by the choir, Miss" Rogers acting as organist during the whole ser vice in a very efficient manner. The service of Holy Communion then fol lowed, the rites being administered by Rev. J. K. Hall and Rev. G. Taylor, of niiiltAft-i Tho onicjfln hoincr rpjul t>v the Rev. G. Taylor, and the Gospel by His Lordship the Bishop. The choir sang the offertory sentences, whilst a collection was taken up, and the special hymns were tho 395 and 215, " Hymns, Ancient and Modern." . The Bishop being compelled to return to Melbourne by the afternoon train, was un able to stay and deliver the customary address, which was in consequence omit ted. In addition te tlmse already men tioned there were present Mr. J. Penfold, reader of Gleurowan, and Mr. E. Mallett, reader of Moyhu. Amongst die congre gation were noticed Mrs. Cross (authoress), lite of Beechworth ; the Vlackays, <>f the Grange, Everton ; the Nolans and Kays, of IVrawingee ; the Saddlers and Ellis' from Glonrowan, and a large number of others, the congregation numbering about 400\. ' 