' Lil.' By MARY ANGELA DICKENS, Author of 'Cross Currents, ' 'A Mere Cypher,' 'A Valiant Ignorance,' &c.; Chatter I. 'So you are in first, Lil? I think you might have begun to get tea. Get it now, wiD you? And leave off staring out of the Window !' ' I'm very sorry, Elate.' . Lil moved from her leaning position against ' the window and went across the room to a cup board, whence she began to take tea thines. Her bands were trembliug nervously and the cups clattered. 'Xiil, what a noise you make,' her sister called from the inner room. 'Hurry up! I urant my tea; and I should think you do, too.' . Very quiokly Lil moved backwards and forwards in the little room, setting out the table with the deft- touch natural to some women, whether teacups and plates be china or no. The glow of the autumn sunset shone on bar whenever she, passed *Ue wiudow, aud showed the color in her brown hair and gave a flush for a moment to her pale face. It also showed a hftppy excitement in her dark eyes. They never shone, but they were soft and. large, and in them seemed to centre the pathetic look which gave Lil's prettiness character. The black dress she wore was old and shabby, but it. fitted her tall graceful figure perfectly. 'Come Kate,' she called at length. Her sister enrae in, and they sat down opposite each other in silence which lasted for eeveral minutes. ' 'It's been close to- day in the shop,' Lil eaid, holding out her cup for Kate to fill. 'OloEol I should just think it has been close! Whenever is it anything else? It drives me wild— yes, it does. Lil ; you needn't look at me eo— to look at the. women who come into the shop and spend pounds and pounds on flowers for their parties with never a thought, and then drive of ra their carriages as if they never felt tired, or worried for a penny in all their lives. And you and me waiting on them till we're too tired to call, our souls our own. Don't you hate standing-there and selling them what you've as good a right as they to buy and wear Y' Sato paused for breath, and as she did so her eyes rested on her sister. 'Why, Lil,' Ishe said, hastily, 'you've pot' some flowers yourself, and nice ones, too.1 Out of the shop? Leftover'!11' 'Out of the Bbop,' was all Lil answered.' Kate looked curiously at her across -the table ; but tbe light was too dim for even keen eyes to read Lil's face. She' pushed her ctmir from the table and rose. Lil followed her '??? -example* and the two' sisters stood close, togotner. The contrast between them, always perceptible enough, was almost startling ; partly because %il was in shadow, and the sunset light caught every line of Kate's little figure, and showed vividly ?again sfc the darkness of the room her clear cut profile, and light hard blue .©yes.; It was impossible to watch Kate's. «yes for lon'gtogefcher, their fascination was so strong find eo chilling. Tjiey glittered so that they seemed to give out a light of their own, . fuwf.'a^^l^1 altered, Whether she was A. '*. j*---%;iS-^ '/*t-^.-s ''j-.ii'-. . ? '.- .- .,. -_ ...» ' . ITwffSn Of iMjMiJff mtfff OF pwMKif Uffl HM6 atfiit^g AHMk ft]^ttiC4VS AnJiiHA 'phst iititf lUfeaF piniU wtn r^VYfi tnPT^t J uft l|ptr nfffrf VHft ttfMnf IfftMf (JS# WHrtI 10 tfttMMn f InQlf ? ' 8'? * mOip^ni lira Iifnt repnw IjWfRIi J w itmn OTH m &\ math in \% I Who g**«% faywf , %t lM only ar^rttn mt $tm turn IUH* mm fl«f wmkeAjmthn wlmm, ' M f tt \kA Kftte pef«n^«Plly» H Ml, tett Ul fldxtrpfpd »i lail, M tiiough th« wort!* *%«* fwwtf frotn her Hp-. *'l rtrtftfit »o Mi rm, K«tfl,' «he mM rilmh, ' t did, Indeed, He wMit* to mmf 'To mftffy ftm I Who? Wow ton# dW H tttfco to wake yon believe nil Imi said f ? ' tt't tnt*','' wm All tho Amtwer Kate £--t. 'J3ut who mM thefts tntthfal tMngst' Kate k f?ra?p wse Agftitt laid on her sinter's 'I don't seo whftt right ymt bate t« A«k— M ' lt%ht I fve not liv«»d with you and kntrtvn AtJ tour nffaifft, liava I T' Till gave a rik)i1pii shiver. Then she went on in a low tone— ?? You've seen him often enough, Kate,' she said. '* H« wrties to thfl shop uearly erery day for & button-hole. You spoke about him to fiwtha French one dinnof'time. Yovj said he was good-lookine.' K«te dropped Lii's arm. Her whole figure (straightened und became rigid', her eyes glittered almost fiercely, btit there was no change in her voice, ' Yes, I know,' she eaid, ' How do you come to know him V Lil hositnfed, 'WelJ,'slie eaid at length, 'you've most likely seen that he comes most days. He came to my end of the counter arid I Rot to know what flowera he liked. And— well -he talked to mo a little— and ? ' ' Go oh.' said Kate, Bhortly. ' There s nothing more to say. It was always the same, till, lfist week, he stopped array for five days. I thought— he'd never said ho was going out of town, and I thought ? ' Lil stopped abruptly, her face a deeper color lh:vn ever. Tlieu in answer to Kate's impatient 'NVell !' she went on with a little choko in her voice — ' I thought ho'd got tired of me. But next day he name back again, and he asked if I would let him speak to me after work. Aud I let him. And he told ine what I tell you. He said, would I marry him ! He does love me, Kate.' , ' When was that ?' asked Kate. 'On Wednesday! Oh, he is so good, and I'm so ? ' Lil broke off the words that had been said more to herself than to Kate, and turned to look for some kind of response.' Kate's face could not well wear a colder look than it had worn before, but it was very- white. ' Havo you told him T she said ; she was looking steadily iato her sister's eyes. Lil started and shivered as she had shivered before. '*«Ko,' she answered in a low trembling voice. 'Lil, I shall tell him,' Kate said between her closely set teeth. 'Oh,. iCite ! Kate! You won't, oh, you won't? Kate! Kate!' With a sudden desperate movement Lil caught hold of her sister's hands, but they were cold and utterly irresponsive, in touch or gestuve, and she let them fall. 'Kate,' she cried again — her voice was almost wild with incredulous despair, and there was a strained horror in her eyes which seemed to have grown in some strange way out of the pathos which always shadowed her gentle face— 'Kate, you don't mean it? I love him so ! And he loves me— I know he does. Haven't I suffered enough ? Don't you know what my Ufa has been to me— every hour of it— since? On, Kate, Kate, say you don't mean it ?' Lil flung herself on her sister's shoulder with a force which must have shaken the tiny figure if Kate had not been standing like a rock. ' I do mean it,' was all she said. For one moment Lil faced her. ' You ehan't— you daren't,' she began de fiantly ; then she broke off suddenly aud sank down on a chair, crying bitterly. \- 'Oh, Kate, have pity ! Have pity ! Think what you're saying 1 Oh, and I was so happy ?' The contrast between tde childish pathos 6f the last words and the sobs, which were the, terrible exhausting sobs of a woman, was touching beyond words, but Kate neither moved nor spoke. Her eyes were steadily fixed on the now darkening sky. Lil had' sobbed herself into quiet before Kate looked ; down on her and said icily — 'Go to bed, Lil! I'm sure you're not fit for anything else. Where's that dress body you were going to finish for mo V' ' I don t know,' Lil said, brokenly. 'I'll do it to-morrow— an v time ! Only tell me you don't mean to spoil my life.' ' Spoil your life !'_ Baid her sister con- ' temptuously. Then, in a low biting tone, she added, ' You've done thatjfaurself !' Lil turned without anoimer word, and went into the room whew they slept together. -She flung herself down on the bed without un dressing; at last heavy sleep brought un consciousness. Kate lit a lamp and drew a chair to the table. She had in her lap a dress, half finished ; but she did not seem anxious to get her work done. She laid her arm upon the table and grasped tbe edge until it hurt her hand. r Seen him often enough ! Seen Frank pardicau ! Every day on which he had come, into the shop she had seen, him i- Every in etaot he had epent there had been known to her; even though hep work of keeping the.; books was at the other end of the shop!' He had hardly ever so much as glancedmt her, but Vhsn -ho left the li«ht seemed to leave . ,too 5' 'Kate was putting this into words to herself as she sat alone to-night. She was going t-ack in memory to the day when. she had first seen Frank- Cardigan, soma mouths ago.. -She was facing the fact thai from that day— when he had come up to her deak to make arrangements for the special de livery of some flowers — she,' pjoud, hard Kate Williams, had thought of this man who had incidentally spoken a casual word to her, who was barely aware of her existence, as she had never before thought of any man in her twenty-five bard-working years. From that day she had determined that somehow, in some way, womanly or unwomanly, she would make Frank Cardigan know her; make him1 admire her; make him Jove her 5 Now-ehe had H#wt tf mt bn knew, tvdmtemJ, m& loved— ''Hfw (rfwfl fttwf ,t»f§ Wmf !C-r»«ff JfortW f sfi« mm hi r ww gotoffftfRfcd f mm Oft&hfntf; ftp mt wotk the ww«d tsfiamif im C fWdHWflti THOTI mWnWI^ fl ftfMfi fMfftj{|ffOT yyw ott ins wjwi jf wo*.* Sttv w-i§ thfinHfm mtifttijf fpfefrt&Mi;^i Thinking hwt tiGst to Wfl Wft iMfQtflffl Wfrt Vt% DMNfft nlflt §0 Utfflti jf fw thmtjfhfe it all wttimofm MAifl- fauifliw ft )mt momintt l#tnf»— fetf nattf lot Ml when II fMfTpFTK'd, BIjp Urn bwn m feWJf-Mro #»H» dwelfed ! m»w— flow w« U\ to \m pifcfcd op was *m lobe envied? Kfiviwi ? so I Pot ritf should never wwry Mf. C'ftfdigftn, tie i«)i«tild be told t Kftto Wfc stAttfcd by the clock striitittff 12. *nd woke up ,to * aenso of bodily ffttltfuo Mid chill, Blip pitt m»t im lam», nm froinrf Into HM next fonfti ttndfeMed by the ffloMiliffhtand Iniddotvfl by liillftn. But irot to Blwp-to took at t-he pretty tear^tnined face, clinch \wr hands ftttd think. CttAPfiea Tl. On the following evening directly f»ho wns ttpu Lil took her way from the Jfcgput street flower-shop in which ihe sistcts worked to the (wnef of n eid« fttreeK where ft tall ymin* man was standing evidently watching eagerly for her. 'Mydftfling,' he paid in ft low voice, as Lil reached htm \ and he held closely for a tnomant the pfetty hand which, though it be longed only to Lil, was as well sliaped tvs any woinAh'a eoitld be. Theft they turned into Piccadilly. Tho day had been rery damp. A thick mist was rising, and the Park, through which lay the shortest way to the little Btreot in Bayswater whero Lil Uved, seemed made up of dripping ti«es, damp gravel, and wreaths of juitit. But the two who Were walking through it together wcro beyond such in fluenors. Frank Cardigan had slipped Lil'a uiirwiisting hand through his arm ; aud Lil wanted nothing but to walk beside him, tbm, all her life, to feel that firm presence which was to her yielding personality just what his strong arni.wae at that moment to her phy sical weariness. As for Frank Cardigan he loved 'Lilian Wiljinnra with all the strength of a simple, straightforward nature.' He had wondered greatly at himself at first. Only gradually he had realised that tbe ljwst part of the day was gone for him when Lil's fingers had made and handed him a buttonhole he always wore. Only gradually he had realised that it was Lil herself who had made the day dark or bright to him ; that it was Lil herself and her love that ho wanted. Aud the knowledge bad come iijfon him almost as a shock. Thero was many a girl in his own smart well-born set who would have returned his love had he given it 'her. But ho cared for none of th»m. He cared for a girl without a penny; a work girl wholived.iu two shabby rooms in a squalid Bayswater-strefct ; cared foriwr in such manly, honest fashion that all the barriers between them melted for him, and he knew that here was the only woman in the world that ha would make his wife. . 'Lilian,' he said very gently, 'are you tired ?' Lil had become very silent as they walked, and she was clinging tightly to his arm. 'Yes,' sl:c answered in a low tremulous voice. And then with a little cry — ' Oh, Kate,' she said. 'Kate ! Your siater isn't here, Lilian.' 'No — yea .' I thought I saw her face in the iog !' and Lil put both bauds on his arm and shuddered. ' Come, you are overtired,' he said tenderly. 'And if she were here, what would it matter ?' Ho started himself, though, for the next moment Kate Williams appeared at bis side as though she had come out of the air. ' Good evening, ''she said to him, coldly and stiffly. Then sbe said abruptly, 'Lil, I'm going on home. Mind !' She was out of sight in a moment between the miaty trees ; but the tone of her voice made Frank Cardigan say curiously — ' What does your sister mean, Lil ?' ' 'Oh, nothing ! Im not to be long,' returned Lil, hurriedly. She was trembling from head to foot. Every moment of that walk Lil remembered through her life. Kate's eyes seemed to look at her from out the mist ; Kate's voice seemed to. come between her and Frank Cardigan's tender words ; the ghost from tbe past which Kate had raised dogged every step and seemed to threaten instant by instant to stand between them in Kate's bodily form, aud part her for ever from the Jove that was becoming as life itself to her. Even when Frank Cardigan had left her standing on her own doorstep sho dared not go in. If Kato should find him alone and tell him ? She waited, shivering and white, until the rain to which the mist had turned had drenched her through, and then she crept up to their; room to find Kate there before her. For to-night she was safe ! They had tea together, and spent the rest of the evening in almost unbroken silence. Kate was iu bed, aud Lil, standing by her side, thought she was asleep, she lay so very still, when she said, suddenly — ' To-morrow I shall see him and tell him, Lil. To-morrow !' Lil turned sick and cold, but she could not take her gaze from her sister's glittering eyes, which looked harder and brighter than ever, as her hair lay all rouud her on the pillow. She caught at the head of the bedstead for support, and then Kate's face faded away. Lil fell heavily, and knew no more until she found herself lying in bed, with ber sister apparently asleep beside her. The next night Lil ran home alone through back streets. Another walk with Frank Cardigan she could not bear. It would be the last, and she 'should know it all the time. She threw herself on the bed, and sobbed and gasped for breath. Kate might bo telling him now ! ? ? ' , Suddenly she stood up. There were foot steps in the nexjt room ; not Kate's. She went in, all dishevelled asghewas, and saw Frank Cardigau. .. 'Forgive me, Lil,' he said, quickly, 'you never came to-night, and I was anxious. I couldn't help coming — Lil, how white you are ! What is it?5' ^ He held out.Jiis liands, and Lil came closer and laid herJiead on hiB shoulder. If it would only be for'A moment she_ told herself. Kate would come directly and it would be all over. But for that moment his love was hers, and she clung to him half convulsively. She did not answer Iris question. Kate was coming, coming - Lil had : caught the sound of her steps upon the stairs. They came on slowly, relentlessly. Would they sever reach the top ? Wn urn tlfflifertwa wwtd Pami«O«ttt(g«ft ««S rtsJU fwi mot s thobi wfien «tt iatt Km As HMdttim Mt ««m tint two wk- tfttts ?waited Jm am fttafted simfply j *tsd # fittta pmsHimwm mtflttgwm wash®! to Iw elsrtehed hand. Tbtn she ifrat the dow mh1 rnrnn » Jlttfs further Into the fawn, ' Mft 0«rtfl*«fi,' #h-! feepti ilowf f , Th«i, afKkfeffti'i Ufa kftned h«*f iff back Mttinef tho will, '/111 the ««d «f lila life, when frn tbonffht trf her, V fft«!( Omiigm (warn mm that wh«e pnMwt'dfKwn frtoe outlined ugAinst Itt dtttfry ['I WnMm\ to 8f»ftkto yew,' elifl Went oH. 'll'sewly fight ye« bIiouM— !' But Kate's mittitift totif* v,-eW inU-rritpted. Lil Ji(«l »nateliwl bet Ann tram about Fraftk Ciiffiitfan and pmheA him Im4ily from Uvt, atftdtlifif? ilprfelit, tftll And straight, sbe tuthed to Jif-r mteti '? No, K«fc«,' ehp fevtd, in a low choked race. 'Ymtrahnn'ttellhhnl I'll doitfnywlf. Mr. Oardlfr-tn. listen. I ouffhfc to Itave tdd ytm before. I ought tiflver to have said— I ought never to lsave let yem think— But oh, I couldn't, I couldn't.' Shfj Btt»pi-rd as though wmofeeless fiftgprs htd Btrfttittle-JI the Words in her throat ; but as he movijdV as if td epeak, she Went on hur riedly, almost shiirjily— ' I'm not— got-d ! I'm not— what yon think inel I've mid for it, bitterly— bitterly j but it's never been ao bitter ns 'this 1 Oh, why can't I die? Why can't I diet' Lil'.? voicp rose to a wnil. She had drawn a few steps backward and hidden her face in her hands. Kate bad nut mov-ril, but the paper of her parcel lay in tiny piece3 on the floor. Frank Cardigan looked from one woman to the other*, from Lil's bowed head to Kate's glittering eye* ' Whatno vou mean Y' he said at last. His voles sounded strained. ' Lil— what do you mean f ' It was Kate who answered him, with a cold ring of unmistakable triumph in her voice. 'I'll tell you,' she said, 'I always moant to tell you ! ' But he turned from her with a gesture that silenced her, even at that moment. ' Lil,' he said, 'Lil!' Lil lifted her tear-stained face at his voice aud answered the agonised questioa she read in his eyes. 'Im not; fit to be your wife, Mr. Cardi gan,' sho said, ' I'm not n't to he any goocl man's wife ! Oh, I was such a caild ! Such a child! I wasn't 17, and I was all alone. ' I believed, him 1 I believed him ! Aud I was all alone ! ' ' ? Sho sank down on a chair, and tried to hide her face on her arm. Theie was dead silence. Lil's choking1 breath was the only sound in the. room. Frank Cardigan had turned away with an inarticu late sound the agony of which Lil nuver forgot. He stood now motionless, his head bo;it.aa though by a heavy 'blow. Kato stood motion less, too; ber glittering tyes were fixed on him. At last and very slowly the man's bowed bead wa3 lifted. Frank Cardigan raised both bands to bis temples aud paused ; his face was drawn and ghastly, and his eyes gazed straight before him Ii!cu3 tiic eyes of a man who confronts, and accepts that which he would give his life to oblite rate. Ho turned and looked at Lil, and his white Hp3 twitched. Then he crossed to where she sat crouched down on her c'aai/. Kate's eyes flashed with intense eagerness. Ouce, twice, he tried to spea!i.— in vain. Then his voice made itself audible in tho do id .still ness, low aud hoarse. 'Lil,' he said, 'Thank God you told me, dear.' From Kate's glittering eyes the eagerness faded with ligh'tmng-like rapidity. She caught at the door haudle by which she stood. Over Lil's sob-stricken form a sudden incredulous stillness stole ; iier face was pressed more closely down upon ber arms. Frank Cardigan did not touch her, but as hu stood there looking down on her, something of the anguish in his eyes seemed to bo' met and dominated by an unspoakable tenderness. 'I love you, Lil,' he said. 'If my life could wipe out what you've said I'd Rive it willingly. That can't be ! But I can help you to' forget.' He paused, aud with a sharp breathless movement Lil lifted her head. 'Forget,' she said, 'forgut? Whon shall I ever forget ?' Her trembling hands were wringing them selves convulsively together, and ho laid a strong and gentle touch upan them and drow ? her into his arms. - | ' Whes f m m mt wife*' t» mM, . Vtmm brsitlw m, *!«»« Male inferterad (ha dwfl1 Mid dijMM wit. Oufcslde m tin «ftt«n kndltijf, t\m mtfma fifl inrtstfi! «t arifig n#r face with hw Itand*, MmuuAmAm nw ffieo still imn hiddVm, »he #eft£ flow HstftfM $M otif «rf the hmm j and only when slw tmm horself out in the dark tlmfif 6*en!nrf did in« ttheoter (horn tftittentig eyed. They were «ffftfig-'ly Hkm In «n a wfafrelffitless glflf a of them k «o ftlr unfwhm, ghs «ld to hm4U f ei sotattWrn* Mew her hftir. wh/emildshe hot bfc-nthe? Bhe denied to Jw ams itt all fmrnd by walk whteli fte h*f»d etwid Bto*e, to ttlioio top no sight eottld rtneit. Again die gi»i#d for breath, She wm WAnderlflfif ftloflft Aftnlewlf I«d nw Whseioiialy, through strpeto «h« did not know. Everything was over, ahe was sayitirf to hrtself «f«itt and wain, Kverythihg was gotw I til was beyond her power to ttweh. And frank C&Witf;&h; wm lost to bet- for ever. Me could fmve hfld—Kate'R eyes tfl^imed with hate M they had never gleamed; yet— hn coald have had love I What had be got, what was ail Lil could give him, compared with what site her self could have given him ? Sho was growing faint ftnd giddy, ftfld she cnught At a lamppost for fttipport. Sho had walked a long way. Afterwards they Baid she must have wandered for at least two hours. The air was full of voices. From every side she seemed to hear the words ' My wife ! My wife ! When you are iny wife 1' Thore was wind enough now. It was cold, and Kate nhuddered. Suddenly something flashed. SUg had strayed on to one of tho bridges, and it was a lamp on tho river. She looked down into the dark water, and her brain seemed to grow suddenly clear. There was no one to say what happened. There was no one to Bay how Kates body came to the place where, with the blue eyes still open and still staring, it was found floating on the sullen tide, but tho eyes bad been closed gently by strange hands before Lil, awed and weeping, stood beside her sister ; and the face itsoif, inscrutable in its solenm stillness, bure no traco that any human vision might) detect, of that jealousy, cruel as the grave indeed, which had carried Kate to her deafh. 