IITheir of barth. '? CHAPTER XXIV. f- the fatal hour op noon. &. fom the hour ?when he planned that kid f'Ujjjriiig of Lady Barth's babe, which the sleeji had forestalled, Wrigley had. gone on jjjon in his -wicked strife to secure the Bai'th \ * ??? Jjiritance. The lying letter to Jasper Fitz ? ; tho concealment ?of the lost heir; the usaction with the baby-farmer; the be ayal of iSir Rupert into the hands oi tramps, tre all steps in tho downward way, which | ? ;i' ow he was prepared to tread with an , .?celerated pace. Thus evil grows upon us. It was not icess of parental love that impelled Wrigley in .. pursuit of property. It was that low Ssion, greed. : is he rode home after his interview, with ? -{i gate- woman at St. Gleopas, he felt ready | ? - -{pursue Rupert with relentless hate. The i Jr seemed to possess a charmed life. a-UJ' He had fled from the Hall, so far as rigley knew, friendless and penniless ; and had not betaken himself to the colonies; ? ??? ir had he died of poverty -nor fallen hope . ssly in hannts of vice, but here he was, : akmg a respectable living, thinking of marry g, and likely at any day to report himself to ? inner friends; when almost any trifling icident might make known his realnameand osition. Wrigley set himself to prepare for the -rorst; he must have his means and instru . lents ready. He opened communication ?\ : rith Tony Pettigrew, whom he brought back v. tear London, and he borrowed five hundred v.- -ounds of Miss Barth, so that he might cover . . jny expenses which his attack on. Rupert : 'yould entail. ?; But no one was so unsuspicious of enemies ; is Sir Rupert. Happy in his love, his life now appeared to him like a long gala day. 1 . Pis very foreign business letters were asde ?? - (ightful as if they flowed in harmonious numbers ; for were they not earning him money fi for a home with Nat o lie ? ? ? Ho had had some shamefacedness — result of his early training — about earning his bread ky clerking. But when he looked at tho ?; high-born contessa and her daughter courage ously toiling for a pittance, labour became more honourable in his eyes. Youth, like charity, liopeth all things. Rupert built many a splendid air castle. He and Natalie now went out for evening walks, as the spring days were long, and \- when they passed tlie house of some mer chant prince Rupert would say : !, ' There ! I shall roll up a fortune and get a :h iiome just like that — some day. I mean to make my way to being partner in our house.' sv Or did some splendid chariot, lined with wa Satin, drawn by prancing bays and glorious in 's ? 'wigged footmen and coachmen, whirl by, k Rupert would point it out, remarking mag !«'; nificentlv : « There, Natolie ! I shall get an establish s ment just like that for you some day.' p: . And Saturdays, when business closed early, % .they rode in a 'bus to the West End or the jfc Northwest, and rambled in Hyde Park, along fr the Serpentine or in Regent's Park, and to §???-? their happy young heart it was quite as good as having splendid grounds of their own — !J: quite as good as the fair acres of Barth, J. - Bidebank and Mtzroy. (! . The poor contessa was the least happy of the * three. The boy and the girl, youthlike, lived J In the present. The anxious mother regarded the future. Natolie and Rupert were devoted -to each other, and the contessa knew that the ' next thing would be a petition for marriage. !? . And why not ? The contessa said to herself v .that if she were to die her beautiful daughter i would be left, in her unprotected youth, alone i in the seething maelstrom of London workers. i Considering this, her heart said, as Naomi ii to Ruth : ' My daughter, shall I not seek rest for thee — that it may be well with thee ?' ? But the contessa was proud, and she saw and .felt keenly the other side of this question. Rupert was a foundling. His name and birth were unknown, and Natolie represented the long honours of the line of Idria. And ivupert was poor. To meet all the complicated cares and expenses of married life lie had but a clerk's pay ; and he was ex-, ?posed to all the fluctuations and reverses of mercantile business. This, indeed, was a very different match for ?Lor -daughter than the contessa had pictured to herself when Miss Idria had first arrived in this world of changes. Times had changed and the poor contessa ?was obliged to change with them. To refuse Rupert when he asked for Natolie's hand might Jjo far worse than to accept him. The contessa loved aud respectod him ; she only wished his fortunes were fairer. And Rupert made her a very honest state ment. He told her that he did not know his parentage and had even been told that his birth was low. As for money, he had saved ? two hundred pounds. He could take a little Louse in Hackney and furnish it for the , three, and after that he would have his salary ? of two hundred and sixty pounds a year. . Enough, said Rupert, for himself, Natolie and the contessa, and these two dear women should toil no more for daily bread. The contessa shod a few tears and said : 'Yes!' And her daughter should bo married in May, the Italian month for bridals. 'Plli'ti mnt ? ,!? ? 1.T ? ? u uuu MluipiL'hU OL WUCllUngS. ? No wedding breakfast, no cards, no cake, no coaches, no settlements, no bevy of bride xuaids, no gifts, no favours — merely : ' Ru pert, wilt thou take,' etc. 'Yes, I will' (with all his heart). ' Natolie, wilt thou take — ' And a 'yes' from Natolie, not quite so loud, but quite as well intended. Surely, about such a simple proceeding there Could bo but little difference of opinion. Aud yet there was this difference : ^ Natolie s idea was to be married by license in the little French chapel at Bloomsbury. The contcssa could nt-t abide tho idea of a license, and preferred the statelier old fashion of banns. | Rupert strongly desired to bo married at St. Cleopas.^ This would, bring him, he felt, nearer to Yds beloved adoptive mothor. He almost believed that lior reposing dust would ' sympathize with his joy. She had loved Natolie ; she had known his love for this girl and expected him to marry her. It is not true that in bridals all things are set to please the bride and according to her preference. The unlucky Natolie yielded both to mother and lover — she agreed to be married by banns in St. Clcopas. And the banns were to bo pro claimed on three Sabbaths, and then on the day after the last proclamation they wore to go with the contessa to St. Clcopas and be married. Brt before this thore were so many delight ful things to do. There was the house to be leased This necessitated searching the daily papers and the agents' lists ; and Rupert must make evening pilgrimages to see if the premises were at all eligible. Then ho must escort the contessa and Natolie to pass their judgement, and they, especially the contessa, who was so much wiser in household wavs, discovered a dozen objectionable points of which Rupert had not dreamed. Then it was all to be done over again ! Finally a house was secured, which Natolie and Rupert was sure looked like at least the gate of paradise. It had six rooms ; the draw ing-room had gilt leaves on the paper and a gilt moulding, and a bay-window for flowei's and a bird-cage ! Even the contessa admitted that it did very well. After that there was the furniture to buy. And what evenings aud Saturday after noons were spent in that delicious occupation, where the exquisite taste of the two ladies and the economies they had learned by long poverty came into full play! What marvels they wrought out of a little by their needles and their ingenuity. As Rupert could not leave his daily toil to superintend the fitting-up of the house, that part fell to the contessa and her daughter. They would spend the whole day at Hackney, making and putting up curtains and toilet tables and advantageously distributing the few choice ornaments which they owned. Then, as soon as released from business, over Rupert would rush to Hackney and pull the bell — oh, joy ! of his own house. And Natolie, with hair rumpled and cheeks flushed and sleeves rolled above her pearly, dimpled elbows, would come to the door — and be astonished to see Rupert. Then, admitted to the hall, he must shut his eyes, or allow them to be tied up, and be led to tlie last room decorated, aud look on all the splendor at once, as at some grand sun-burst, and be properly dazzled thereby. ? As it was growing dark, the boy from the nearest baker must bring them a pitcher of milk and a plate of rolls, which the three ate, as they sat perched on packing-boxes or up turned chairs or tables ; and then they went home together, by moonlight or starlight or lamplight — any light was perfectly beautiful to them then — and the contessa looked ten years younger as she smiled at the phantasies of her children. After all, the amusements of this bright time were not so very different from the times when they had played ' keep house' in the -DiaeDanJc woods. Besides all this, there was Natolie's ward robe to prepare ; and the contessa seai'ehed to their very depths the chests and boxes which contained the-last relics of her former splen dor, and she wrought on these, with mother love and womanly skill, until her child's trous seau was not one at which to blush. There was no more work done now for the knit goods house ; Natolie and her mother were busy at pleasanter tasks. And, finally, there was the servant to be hired. What a world of work it was to find a girl, a young, pleasant, tidy, skilful, honest, strong — in fact, a very concatenation of do mestic virtues, ready to accept pleasant words and a very modest pittance. Even such a maid was found at last, for thus far fortune smiled on our young couple, and lured them on to disaster by pleasant wiles. Two Sabbaths in Api'il the banns were to be proclaimed ; the first day of May, which would be Sabbath, the magic formula would be said, and the second day of May the rector of St. Cleopas should make them man and wife. Rupert thought that after he and Natolie had been somewliile married he would an nounce his change of state to Mr. Mellodew, and perhaps even go to visit Miss Barth. The fact was, the joyful young fellow wanted everyone to know that his life had been crowned with the love of Natolie. During all this while he had not once gone near the estates of Bidebank nor Barth, nor had he visited that scene of liis early adven tures, the Willesden Reservoir. Timmy Tit low he had not seen since his departure for the Continent. He had not only grown out of Timmy's remembrance, but he had for gotten Timmy. He himself was recalled to Mr. Titlow's recollection about this time by Dame Chitton. The dame was one of those women who early in life seem to grow as old as they can, and after that live years and years, gnarled and hardy as an old apple-tree. The good dame was still nurse at the Paddington Almshouse, and still as bright and as vigorous as when Sir Rupert was first laid, a dripping babe, on hor knee. . She had heard through Timmy of Rupert's boyish flight from Bidebank ; during his Continental trip she had called at the Hall, and found that he was abroad with her lady ship, and now she was moved to repair to the reservoir and talk - him over with Timmv Titlow. Mr. Titlow, as he approached the basin one afternoon, beheld a wiry, red-cloaked figure, bent, but hardy, trudging -ap the side of the embankment. ' Save us all ! If this isn't you, Dame Chitton ! Looking. as young as over !' cried the gallant Timmy, turning over the reservoir Doat, to give the old woman a comfortable seat. ' Still working away !' 'I've outlived all my family, Timmy,' said the dame ; 'they 're all gone long ago. And Lady Bidebank, as lived in luxuiy, she's gone, and the poor old a'msli'us' nurse lives on. ? A very nice leddy was her leddysliip, Timmy. And do you know what's become of tho yoimg gentleman? You aint quite so free visiting me, Timmy, since you became a man o' property.' v '''Taint that, dame, not a hundred pun' ain't so great of a prapperty,' said Timmy, with a little pride in his wealth. 'Though as for that, I've laid up another hundred out o' my wage. But I'm well on toward fifty, dame, and I ain't so young as I was, and I don't hold my own as you does. Trotting round this liero basin every night in the damp makes me ^ stiffish in my legs, and when I ain't at mv rounds I don't walk much.' i Having thus disposed of that most im. portant subject himself, Mr. Titlow thought of tho dam'es inquiry, and responed to it: ' That young gentlemen, dame, he's gone and lost hisself again. He's a rare hand for losing hisself.' 'And liow lost, and why lost?' queried the dame. ' Didn't lie come in for money from her ladyship ?' ' No more he did. Everything connected with that there young man seemed to have a faculty o' losing. Why, dame, her leddyship s will, making him heir, got lost, too, and ho felt so cut up that off he ran, and he's never been heard o' since,' The dame sighed. ' There seems something wrong with him from the very beginning',' she said. ' And nat'rally, damo, it's hard on you, this, for if ho had got tho money, he's not the young man I took him for if he left his own grandmother a'nussin' in Paddington Alms house.' ' Don't grandmother me,' said Dame Chitton, solemnly. ' I've repented of all my sins. ? , ' Well, what's that to do with it ?' said Timmy. ' You don't reckon having a likely grandchild one of your sins, does you ? .Ain't he yer darter Jane's boy ?' 'No more he ain't!' groaned the dame. ' Save us all !' cried Timmy, using his favorite adjuration. ' Well, who the creation is he, dame?' 'I don't know no more nor the dead,' said the dame. ' That's beyond all I ever heard of,-' said Timmy. 'Where did you get him. then ? You said ho was Jane's boy.' 'Mebby I lied,' said the dame ; 'and if- I had my life to live over again, Timmy, I'd never lie, even in a good cause. You take warnin' by me. You're young.' ' But about the boy ?' urged Timmy, whose curiosity ill brooked the hindrance of a moral lecture. ' Like Moses in the good book,' said the dame, ' he was one drawn out o' the water. Neither was he drug out by Pharyo's darter but by a big black dog.' 'Save us all!' ejaculated Timmy. 'It's all been heavy on my mind, and I wanted to tell Lady Bidebank,' said the dame, ' and now she's dead. I've writ it out fair and left it to be read by you when I ' am dead, Timmy. Only I cannot have it talked of, lest blame fall upon poor Sam Porter, as is dead and can't speak' for his self.' 'You tell me all about it,' said Timmy. ' I'll not tell.' ' I'd like to free my mind,' said the damo ; ' only you must promise never to breathe it to a livin' soul, all along of Sam, who was as honest a man as lived and meant no harm.' ' I'll never breathe a word,' said Timmy, 'unless — unless. Sam comes back to answer for hisself.' 'He'll not come,' said the dame, 'I've had dreams about he. He's dead under deep water. His bones is all white, and seaweeds growing in his j'ints. In his eyes shells are fixed, and shells and coral is all around him, and fishes swim above him.' ' Then he's all right and past feelin' hint by it,' said Tmmy, consolingly. ' So, dame, you tell me that story, and I'll never speak a word of it, not 'less Sam Porter comes out of the sea and stands afore me.' Thus persuaded, the dame gave Timmy' a careful account of the night when Jane's baby had died and a big, wet dog had laid a wet baby at Sam's feet. ? v. ' We made sure it came out o' the reservoir/4 she said. ' Save us all ! ..shouted Timmy. ' It did ! It did ! Why, dame, that must 'a' been the very night I saw the basin ghost — or thought I . see her — and everybody here went and said* I'd forgot my duty and had dreamed I saw a woman fling a baby in this very blessed basin o' London drinking-water ' I guess it wasn't no ghost, Timmy, but living flesh and blood o' some poor, forlorn creature as couldn't abide keeping that baby. To me, that night, it did look just as if the good Lord had sent it to save my Jane's life, as Joseph said when he got sent to Egypt; I don't think one could blame us for what we did, Timmy. Doctor Wrigley didn't, and he's a good man.' ' Doctor Wrigley !' cried Timmy. . 'Yes. Doctor was the only one as know'd it. He found it out the very neiffc day evening — 'loner o' the noor little dear beino- took wiftr lung fever. He gave Sam the money to bury our own poor wean over at Tower Hamlets Cemetery, where thore was a very 'commodat ing sextant. And doctor told us just to keep quiet and let well alone with Jane and the new baby.' . ' Well, blame me !' said Tim, emphatically: ' There's a trick somewhere, for Doctor Wrig ley was searchin' the basin that very day foi a baby, and sent a diver down for five pound to hunt it up, and he let on he was -wild to find it. Some of his relation's babies or some-', thing. And at that very time, my cousin, Tony Pettigrew, a disreputable dog, if I am a decent fellow as ever wore a skin, was sexton at Tower Hamlets ; and Tony and the doctoi always had some queer goings-on together, and he keeps Tony round hero now sort oil shady. I tell you, dame, there is a trick some where, and a bad one.' ' Eh !' cried the dame, alarmed. ' Well, Timmy, I'm old, and always meant well, and you're to keep your promise and not speak. I can't get blamed and end my old days in prison for someone's tricks.' Never fear, dame, I'll not speak — but I'll think, and I'll watch,' said Timmy Titlow. The first banns had been said at St. Cleopas^ and the second banns had been said, when all the primroses were blowing, and then the old woman at tho gate sent hor news to Wrigley. ?'The young gentleman's banns are 'to bo, said next Sabbath for tho last time.' Over came Wrigley to hear. Thore, too, came Rupert to hoar. With a curious feeling of self-consciousness Rupert stowed himself in the gallery behind the organ. After sorvico he ran round to the vestry to engage the clergyman to be waiting for him at eleven next day. Then ho went joyfully off to London, never once seen by Wrigley, — for Wrigley was waiting in tho. gate-woman's back-room to learn at what hour tho marriage should take place. ' Rupert Barth,' tho banns had said — for lie had dropped the Bidebank, which ho knew did not belong to him, and clung only to tho name by which her ladyship told him ho had been christened — 'Rupert Barth and Natolie Idria,' said Wrigley to liimsolf, ' and who knows any impediment let him now proclaim the same.' He ground his teeth, with fury. ? , 'To-morrow at 'leven, Bir,' said the gate woman' 'X'ni to be at tho .church,' JtjsM then Doctor Wrigloy rode off — not home ward, but past the hut where Rupert had lain in a fever, and on to another hut where Tony Pettigrew lived, and then back to Clematis Villa, where he made his wife and his two daughters wretched by his snarling. ! Across all the brightness of the spring and the resurrection of nature this man with his envy his greed his now bold plotting of tho cruelest crimes, moved, a foul blot. Strange that his shadow did not blight the primroses and violets where it fell. But if it had, they would have sprung again to lifo where, next day, young Natolie passed in her bridal beauty, beside her mother and her lover. It was ten minutes before the hour, and the rector had not come. The church was chilly and gloomy, and tho little wedding party returned to tho sunny porch to wait until the rector arrived. What ! Fifteen miuutes after elevon ! He is late. The sun looks less bright. Half past ! Rupert is positively anxious. He runs to look along the road. He sends the sexton one way ; the gate-woman another. -He can no longer speak cheerily to Natolie. A quarter before twelve ! Will tho rectoJ never come? Cruel man to trifle thus with young heart's love. Ten minutes before twelve ! The contessa, turns pale. Five mimutes before the hour! Is that a tear in Natolie's soft eyes ? Rupert is breath less, purple with rage. One, two, three — and so on to the fatal hour of noon ! The rector has not come. These two stand unwed. The legal hour of marriage is past. There will be no wedding to-day. ' Twelve !' says tho contessa. ' What has happened ?' ' Twelve !' whispers Natolie. ' Mother, we must go home.' ' Twelve!' shouts Rupert. ' Horrible man, why has he done this? But I will send him word, and we will be back to-morrow.' Alas, Natolie! Alas, Rupert! Not to morrow, nor the next, nor the next, nor many to-morrows ! It lies an open question of the future now whether in this church of St. Cleopas you shall ever stand — man and wife. (To be continued) 