PjEOFIjE SAT That this is the eong'of tho average 3I.P-— 'Tis very T.oll to ruiso a cry 2*'or instant dissolution. Uirt X tuiii't sec tho reason why Of such a cjuicU solution. My yearly screw is jp tho seulo Which really very nice is, I cannot boo why this should fail That Keid will got off bettor in a 2)oliticr.l crisis than did Itosebory. That tho Ameer oi. Afghanistan might lend >S:i2omons ::. hand in re-uiiiting Christendom. That, as one result of tho effort to re-uuite Christendom, clergymen arc polemically fighting all round. That a ghost has beou seen in Maithmd. It must have been the ghost of honesty in politics. That tho Muswcllbrook Register thinks honesty is the best polity, and means to try it. That there is a political conspiracy in Samoa. It is not so lo><g since no had oao in New South Wales. That " tho demand for dissolution" is not unconnected with tho advcrtiH iug columns of newspapers. That some one. wants to niter the namo of ISalmaiti to Koselle. Eauamello would ho more appropriate. That it is no longer a question of "Tom doing splendidly." Tho matter of the moment is " Well done, .hie!:. , * That thoy are getting tired of " the reunion of Christendom." A smoke concert with free whisky is the sort of reunion they want. That Bibbs and I'arkes wish they nad the opportunity which JSalisbury and Chamberlain have of forming a coalition Ministry. That ex-M.l*. Address l':iriiainc-nt llouso Harbour has found some difficulty in distinguishing between his business and his parliamentary ;i:it:c:=. That the MuawePbrook Chronicle Rays that the Jlci/islcr is engaged in entomological pursuits. Query; " With a small tooth comb ? " That the Taniworlh JS'cirx thinks too much self-catccm makes one comical. "Well, no always have regarded the .ZVch-s as a funny paper. That the Gulf of Geuoa'H cattle havo been sold at 3d per lb. Wo don't mind letting Schey, 31.1 , ., go at the same rate. That the liivcrcll paper regrets the 6carcity of grass. Bud surely so long as thistles are plentiful the editor will not bo put oa short commons. That the British Commauder-in- Chief lias resigned. Australian applicants for the billet are re?iu*r*iii not to all hpeak at once. *''!"? That Dibbs thinks? any buffoon in tho House is entitled to make an :im of himself. Xo one has denied the privilege to Dibbs. That JLady Ilampdcn will bring her three daughters to Sydney. It seems a pity Cruiekshank, M.l*., did not remain ainjrlo ; but, no doubt, there are other eligible* left. That the Jialtctin attributes some of Hurns'u poetry to Mrs Ue.in, the ICew Zealand infant murderess. The impudent are always the most ignorant. That, according to tho dmrii-r, a Xenteriicld man lias had his moustache frozen. Though it ia not the snake season, th<: Courier can get ihero all the satne. That the Dec-pwater Miner is dis cussing how ladies should dress, also should young men marry. The sub jects seem closely connected from a liuaiicia.l point of view, That tho lion. "Aliek" Drown thought tho lion. " Jack " Want's speech suitable lo a taproom. The Hon. '" Alick".-" mi.ni.ers .-.i-i-i,, t<. he those of a t:ipr?>i>m. That tin- Teuteri'liel-l */<,,? thinks ii j-ou lia?e knowledge y:ui shuulil lit others their candi.-s l,y it. II.>? terribly in the dark nader.-i of the Sfur iilust he. That the Quiriudi Gazette thinks the German Kisipcror exhibits ha.i taste. After this snub the Empcrnr wili proceed at once to rneivl his inaiittera. That the uiid iooiiiiig mnu sent fur observation from Dudley ru'ice I'.mrt c-anu?>t he the i-dit..r of it northern coiiteinporarv. The police n p.irt j.ivk "he never drinks." That the .Mnrruruiidi '/'i:/n .t is g;ad tbu new Gov(rnt>r coutes of ill. aristocratic family. It makes it so inu<:ll easier for the Times to acknon led-o him, you know. That liiv'.Stur .iescrihes the 3liuistrv ay clinging to ullice. When Dibbs declined u> be even kicked out the Star thuught he maintained a patriotic and diguiiicd [insilioii. That, according to t!ic BUhop of jSowcastle. the man who wants to cat for a week after a bun and inuliin worry must have a magnificent digestion. That the editor of the Dccpwater Jliitrr describes how he was once cooked for a cannibal feast in Africa. JI-.'W he comes to be alive now is a minor detail not north mentioning. That the protectionists arc angry because 3L'Go\ven, M.l*., after duo consideration, has become converted to freetrade. Xo wrath was expressed when Uibbs was converted to pro tection in ii night- That the Glen Innes GinirJi.ui describes the top of Mount Ararat. Hut it says nothing of Xoah and his ark and* tho copy of the Armidale JCxprrss which ho threw overboard in a bottle. Thin ia strange. That a man wo know says he docs not want hot water laid on in his house. He has only to asli his wife to put more starch in his shirt and ho gets all the hot water ha wants at once. That the Sunday Time* want* tho Public schools supplied with diction aries. The Times itself seems to have mado a. careful study of the alar.g dictionary. An English grammar might now be of use to it. 