[ALL QUEENSLAND EIGHTS DESERVED.] ^ a^ONS OF FIRE! g. New i»y mtsr BRADBON, AUTHOR OF . "Lady Audley's Secret," "The Fatal Three," "Wyllard's Weird," "The Day Will Come," "Thou Art the Maul" Sc^ Ac. CHAPTER I. A Strhixg IdXESESS. The meet was at the Pig and "Whistle, at Helbury, nine miles off. . Bather a near meet —as compared with the nsnal appointments of the South Sarum hounds—the ostler remarked, as Allan Carew mounted a hired hunter in the yard of the D uke's" Head, " chief, and indeed only possible inn for a gentleman to put up at in the little Tillage of Matchnro, a small but prosperous hamlet lying in a hollow of thihiils. between Salisbury and Andover. He had only arrived on the previous afternoon, and lie was sallying forth in the crisp March morning on an unknown horse io an unfamiliar country to . hunt with a pack whose master's name he had heard for the first time that day. "Can he jump?" asked Allan, as ho scrutinised .the lean, upstanding bay; not a bad kind of a horse by any means, but with that •shabby, under-groomed, and over-worked appearance common to hirelings. "Can't he, sir? There ain't a better lepper in Wiltshire. And us clever as a cat! We had a lady staying here in tlie winter. Mrs. Colonel Parkyn, brought two 'acta of her own, besides the colonel's two 'unters, and liked this hero horse better than any of'cm. 'She was right down mashed on him, as the young gents say.'' "I wonder she didn't buy him," said Allan. "She couldn't, sir. Money wouldn't buy such a hunter as this off my master. He's a fortune to us." " I hope I may be of Mrs. Parkyn's opinion when I come home," said Allan. "Nowthen, ostler, just tell me which way I am to ride to get to the Pig and Whistle by eleven o'clock." JTbe oat^er gave elaborate instructions. A public-houpc here, an accommodation lane there .—a common to cro**—a copse to skirt—three » villages—one church—a post office—and screntl cross roads. " You're safo to fall in with company before you get there," concluded the ostler, whisking a bit of straw out of the bay's off hind foot, and eyeing: him critically precious to departure. " If I don't, I doubt I ever shall pet there," said Allan, as he rode out of the yaid. HowasastranperatATtttchaxn.a "foreigner," as the villagers called audi alien 'visitors. He had never been in the village before, 'knew nothing of its inhabitants^or its surroundings, its customs, ways, local prejudices,' produce, trade, scandals, hates, loves, < subserviences, gods or devils. And yet henceforward he was to be closely allied to Hatcbam, for a certain bachelor uncle had lately died and left him & small estate within a inile*of the village—a relative. witfi whom Allan Carew had held slightest commune, lunching or dining with him perhaps once in a summer, at an old family hotel in Aifcermarle street, never honoured by, so much as a hint at an invitation to his rural retreat, and not cherishing any. expectation of a legacy, much less the bequest of all tbe gentleman's worldly possessions, comprising a snug, well built house, in pretty and spacious grounds, with good and ample stabling, and with forms and homesteads covering something like fifteen hundred acres, and producing an income of a little over two thousand a year. It need hardly be stated that Allan Carew was not a poor man when this unexpected pro perty fell into his lap. The children of this world are rarbly false to the gospel precept—to everyone who hath shall be given. Allan's fatherhad changed liis name ten years before from Beresford to Carew upon his succession to a respectable estate in Suffolk, an inheritance from bis maternal grandfather, old Squire Carew, of Fendyko Hall, Millfield. Allan, an only son, was not by any means ill provided for when bis maternal uncle, Admiral tho Honourable George Darnlcigh, took it into his bead to leave him his Wiltshire property; but this bequest raised him at ouco to inde pendence, and altogether dispensed with any. further core about that gentleman-like pro fession, the bar, which haa so for repaid air. Corew'a collegiate Btudies, labours, outlays, and solicitude by fees amounting in all to seven pounds seven shillings, which sum represented the gross earnings of three years. So, riding along the rustic highroad in the clear morning air, under a 6ky of brightest sapphire, just gently flecked with ragged cloud lets of fleecy white, Allah Carew told himself that it was a blessed escape to have dono with chambers, and reading law, and waiting for briefs; and that it was a good thing to bo a country gentleman; to bavo his own house and his own stable; not to bo obliged to ride another man's horses, even though that other man wero his very father; not to be told after every stiffish day across country that he had done for the gray, or that tho chestnut's legs had filled as never horse's legs filled before, nor to hear any other reproachful utterances of an old privileged stud-groom, who kuew tho horses no rode were not his own property. Henceforth bis stable would be his own king dom, and he would reign there absolute and unquestioned. He could choose his own horses, aua they should be good ones He naturally shared the" common creed of sons, and looked upon all animal" of bis father's buying as screws and ^duffers." His own stables wonld be something altogether different from the drowsy old stables at home, where horses were kept and cherished because they were familiar friends, rather tb»n with a view to locomotion. ' .X j His stud and his stable should be as different j.as if horses and grooms had been bred npon : another planet. He loved field sport?. He felt that it was in him to make a model squire, albeit, two thousand a year was not a large revenue in these days of elegant living and continental holidays and eclectic tastes. He felt that among his numerous nephews old Admiral Darnleigh had made a wise selection in choos ing him, Allan Garew, to inherit his Wiltshire estate. He meant to be prudent and economical. He bad spent the previous after noon in a leisurely inspection of Beechhnrst. He had gone over house and stables, and hod found all things so well planned and in such perfect order that he was assailed by none of those temptations to pull down and to build, to alter and to improre, which often inaugurate ruin in the very dawn of possession. He thought he might build two or three loose boxes on one side of the spacious stable yard. - There were two packs within easy reach of Hatch am, The ostler ga?e elaborate directions. to say nothing of packs accessible by rail, and I be "would. naturally want more hunters than I had sufficed for the old sailor, who had jogged ! out on his clever cob two or three times a week, and had gone home early after artful riding and waiting about the lanes, or to leeward of the great bare hills, and in rang corners, where a profound knowledge of the country enabled him to make sure of the hounds. Allan's hunting stable. would be on a very different footing/ and' although Beechhursfc provided ample accommodation for a stud of eight Allan told himself that one of his first duties would be to build loose boxe*. " X shall often have to pat up a couple of horses for a Mend," he thought. The morning was lovdy, more like April than March. The bay trotted along complacently, neither lazy nor feverishly active, but with an air of knowing what he had to do for his day's wage, and meauing honestly to do it. Allan was glad that his road took him past Beech hurst. Possession had still all the charm of novelty. His heart thrilled with pride as he slackened his pace to gaze fondly at the pretty white house, low and long, with a veranda running all along the southern front, admirably placed upon a gentle elevation, against the swelling shoulder of a broud down, facing south-west, and looking over; garden ana shrubbery, and across a stretch of common, that lay sloping between Beechhurst and the high road, and gave a dignified aloofness to the situation—>eclmdon without dnlness, a house and grounds remote, hot not buried or hidden. .."Nothing manorial about it," mused Allan; '" bnt it certainly looks a gentleman's place." He would naturally have preferred something less essentially modern. He would have liked Tudor chimneys, pannelled walls, and a family ghost. Ho wooldhavelikedtoknowtbathisrace had taken deep root in the soil, had been lords.of the manor centuries and centuries ago. when TTamba was keeping pigs in the woods, and when the jesters' bells mixed with the merry. music of hawk and hound. . Admiral' Darn leigh, so far as Wiltshire was concerned, had been a now man. He had mado his monoy in China, speculating in tea -gardens and other property, while pursuing his naval career with considerable distinction. He had retired from active service soon after the Chinese war, a C.B., and a rich man, had bought Beechhurst a bargain—during a period of depression—and bad settled down in yonder pretty white bouse, with a small but admirable establishment, each member thereof a pearl of price among servants, and had there spent the tranquil eventide of an honourable and consistently selfish life. . He had never married. As a single man ho had always felt himself rich; as a married man he might often have felt himself poor. He had heard Allan at five and twenty eclare that he had done with the romance of life, and that he. too, meant io he a bachelor; and it may be < that this boyiah assexjian, carelessly n ade over a bottle of Lafitto, did in some measure influence the admiral's choice of an heir. I Allan's father and mother were of u more liberal mind. "You are in a better .position than youc father was at your age," Baid Lady Emily Carew, on her son's accession to fortune. " I I hope ypa will marry well—and soon." There was no thought of woman's love, or of married bliss, in Allan Carew's mind, as he rode throngh the lanes and over a common, and across a broad stretch of open down to thcvPig and Whistle. He was full, not of his inner self, but of the outer world around and about him, pleased with the pleasant country in which his lot was cast, wondering what his new neighbours were like, and how they would receive him. " I wonder whether the South Sarnrn is a hospitable hunt, or whether 'the members are a surly lot, and look upon every stranger as a sponge and an interloper," he mused. • He had ridden alone for about half the way, when a man in gray fustian and leather gaiters, who looked like a small tenant farmer, trotted past him, turned and .stared at him with obvious abolishment touched his h'at, and rode on, after a few words of greeting, which woe lost in the clatterof hoofs." He had ridden right so far by the aid of : memory; he now followed the man in gray, ; and tilnng care to keep this pioneer in view, i dnlyarrived at a sm-iU rustic inn, standing upon j ht hgroundv and overlooking an undulating | sweep of woodland common, march and plain, I one of those picturesque coses which diversify j the breadth of wind-swept downs. The inn was an isolated building, the few labourers' • ttage3 within reach being hidden by a tqrn of Ithe road. Hounds and hunt-servants were clustered on a lerel green on the other side of the road, bat there was no one else on ground. Allan looked at his watch, and found it was ; ten minutes to eleven. ' The man in gray had dismounted - from his serviceable cob, and was standing on the green sward. talking to the huntsman. Huntsman and whip had taken off their caps to Ml«n as he rode up, and it seemed to him that there was at once more respect and more friendliness in the salutation than a stranger usually receives —above all a stranger in heather cloth and batcher boots, and noifia the orthodox pink and tops. The man in gray and the hunt servants were evidently talking of him as he sat solitarily in front of the inn. Their furtive glances in his direction fully indicated that he i was the subject of their discourse. , " They take a carious interest in strangers in j these parts," thought Allan. | Two minutes afterwards, a stout man, with a i weather-beaten red face showing .above a weather-beaten red coat, rode up with two other men. Evidently the master and his satellites. "Holloa!" cried the jovial man, "what tho deuce brings you hack so much sooner than Mrs. Wornock expected yon? She told me there was no chance of our seeing you for the next year. "When did you'arrive ? X never heard a word about it." The master's broad doeskin palm was ex tended to Allan in the most cordial way, and the master's broad red face irradiated kindliest feelings. , You are under a misapprehension, sir," said Allan, smiling at tho frank, friendly face, amused at the eager rapidity of speech which hud made it impossible for him to interrupt the 1 speaker. " I have never yet enjoyed the pri \4leire of a day with the "South Sarum, and this is my first appearance in your neighbour hood." "And your ain't Geoffrey Wornock," ex claimed the master, utterly discomfited. "My name is Carew." 4 4 Alx, your voice is different. I should have known you were not Geoff if I had heard you speak. And now, of course, when one looks deliberately, thero is a difference—a difference which would he more marked, I dare say, if Wornock were here. Are you a relation of Wornock's. " I never heard the name of Wornock in my lifejintU I heard it from yon." 44 Well, I'm dashed," cried the master, sup pressing a stronger word as premature so early m the day. 44 Did you seo the likeness. Champion r" asked the master, appealing to one of his satellites. 440f ooorsel did," replied Captain Champion, " X was just as much under a delusion as you were—md yet—Mr. Carew's features are not the sam* as Womock's—and his eyes are a different •olour. It's the outlook, the expres sion, theouracJerin the face that Is so like our friend's —and I think that kind of likeness impresses one more than mere form and out line." - " Hang me if I know, anything about at* ex cept that I took one man for the other," the master bluntly, "Well, Mr. Carew, I hope yon w..i excuse my blonder, and that we n ay be .iu:e to show you some sport on* your first day in our country. We'll draw Wellout's Wood, Hamper, and if we don't find there ;we*ll go on to Holiday Hill." Hounds and servants went off merrily across the down, and dipped into a winding lime. A good many horsemen had ridden up by this time, with half a dozen ladies among them. Some skirmished across the fields, others crowded the lane, and in this bitter contingent rede the master, with his hounds in front of hira, and Carew nt his side. "Are you staying in the neighbourhood 5" he asked; *' or did yon come by rail this morn ing ? A long ride from Matcnam road station, if yon did." "I am.staying at the Diifte's Head, at Matcham; but 1 only arrived yesterday. I am . going to settle in your neighbourhood /* " Indeed. Have you bought a place ?" "No." ".Ah, going to rent one. Wiser, perhaps, tfll you see now you like this part of die country." " I have had a place left me by my ancle, Admiral Harnleigh." "What! are yon Darnleigh's heir? Tes, hy-the-by, I heard that Beechhurst was left to a Mr. Carew; but I've -a bad memory for names. So yon have got Beechhawt, have you ? I congratulate you. A chorusing place, compact, snug, warm, and in perfect order. Stables a trifle small,' perhaps,,for a hunting man." " I am going to extend them," said Allan, with suppressed pride. " Then you are going to do the right thing, sir. The only part in which Beechhurst falls short of perfection is in the stables. Capital tables, so far as they go, but it isn't far,enough for a man who wants to hunt five days a week, and accommodate his hunting friends. Besides, the owner of Beechhnrst ought to be in 'a position to take the hounds at a push." "Ihope it may be long before 'that push comes," said Allan. "Ah, you're very kind; hut I'm not so young as I was once( nor so rich as I was once, and—the Preacher 6ays there's a time for all things. My time is very nearly past, and your . time is coming, Mr. Carew. when do you establish yourself at Beechhurst V' " I am going back to London to-morrow to settle a few matters, and perhaps hare a look round at Tattersall's and I hope to be at Beech hurst in lesS than a fortnight." ' "I shall do myself the pleasure of calling upon you. Any wife V' " I am still in the enviable position my uncle enjoyed till his death." "A. bachelor, ah! that won't-lastlong. It's all very well for a sun-dried old sailor to keep the fair sex at arm's length; but yon won't be able to do it, Mr. Carew. I give yon till our next hunt tail for a free man. You're no notion what complexions our Wiltshire women hare—Devon can't beat 'em—or what a lot of nettr girls there are within a lo-mile drive of I' look forward with a thrill of mingled rapture and apprehension to your next hunt 44 It'll be here before you know where you are. We have postponed it till the first of May. We shall kUl our May fox on the thirtieth of April, and dance on his grave on the first." ! "I shall be there, my lord," said Allan, as j Lord Hanbnry galloped off after his huntsman, | who had just put the hounds into the covert. f A whimper proclaimed that there was some j thing on foot, five minutes afterwards, and tho business of the day began—a goodish day, and a long one—two foxes run to earth, and one tilled on the edge of twilight. It was seven o'clock when Allan Carew arrived at the Duke's 'Head, hungry and thirsty, and not a little bored by having been obliged to explain to various people that he was no relation to Geoffrey Wornock. He had been too much bored at this enforced reiteration to make any inquiries about this i double of bis in the course of the day, or during | the long homeward ride; but when be bad | token the edge off bis appetite in his cosy' sitting-room at the Duke's Head, be began to question the waiter, as he trifled with 'the customary hotel tart, a hollow cavern of short crust enclosing a scanty modicum of bottled gooseberries. " Do you know Mr. Wornock ?" "Yes, sir; know him uncommonly well. Wonderful likeness ^between him and yon, sir; thought you was him till I heard you speak." " Our voices are different, I am told." "Yes, sir, there's a difference. It ain't much—but it's just enough to make one doubt-. fnl like. Your voice is deeper and stronger than his. And then, after the first glance, one can see it ain't the same face," pursued the waiter, thoughtfully. "You've got such a look of him, you see, sir. That's what it is. Ono don't stop to think of the shape of a nose or a chin. It's the look that catches the eye I suppose that's what peoplo means by a speak ing countenance, sir," added the waiter, garru lous, but not disrespectful. 44 Has Mr. Wornock any land in the country?" asked Allan. "Land, sir? Yes, sir," replied the waiter, with a touch of wonder at being asked such question. "Mr. Wornock is Lord of the Minor of Discombe, sir—a very large estate— and a fine old house, added to by Mr. Wor nock's grandfather. The old part is very old, sir, and tho new part is very fine and picturesque—and the gardens are celebrated in these parts, sir—quite a show place—but Mrs. Wornock never allows it to bo shown. She lives very secluded, don't give no enter-.* tainments herself, nor visit scarce anywheres [to SS CQXUZVCD 5TEXT WEEK."! 