'MY'Ui-M-OrRT 'STMY. TRANSFORMED. ' > 1 1IX ELI, A OlIEIIVEII dOOmVI.V, i' i >.m iiLnnan-i ti. 1 ; : ' U TART ..ILJAh >' L . " Then you are not ucjiiaintcd with uom/" raid Dexter, disappointed.;, ; '.i ' A shado pnssod.over his face. ' , i '"No,.l am not acquainted with Celia Al dington. ,'I have uoi seen liiir since; she; was » ehild," replied hb.in a low ton'o. - ' ' ' " ; "BuCyou saw her then I" cried Dexter, with : joy at this new bona between inem. " xou .will, be intereetod to know how lovely she. js i now, and will let uie talk to you about, her,' will'you'uot?' She will seem nearer to nioj and not so utterly lost, it i'uiay." = m, : :i i '.Yes, ; yesl", said Mr.,, Ellison, .osgqrly; "Tell 111s , all, you know oi her |V .; Then , hu looked uearohiiigly at liirn, and suddenly held out liis hand, and said earnestly, "You lbvo her.; I will do nil iu my power to help you uuruvol the mystery that ai paroles you. 'Dexter , pressed his, hand , .warmly, , and found, some 'way, 'a' little obml'ort in tiie' words. As-Mr. Ellison diduot'explainiurtbcr in' regard to hisr.acquaintanee with -.lerome Addinglou, Daxtor .lorobora to question, him. , . : ' , : - ' But alter this tho talk between them was always iiBOeliii. Tlio elder man seemed never weary: .of - listeuing, i.auy inoro lhan tiie younger was of talking. But neither could find a eiiio to the enigma ol her. atraugo de cision, " I do not believe the reason Is a real one, though Bbc, -poor , child,' believes . it to be," Mr. Ellisuu said many times. ''It is some thing lie hns made her think— though what — or why " And herd lib would loll into -h reverie, and a dark trnwn would eoiuo over his laoe. Ho advised Dexter, however, ,to .ascertain, .Mr. Addingtoii's '''whereabouts, it possible j and, althougti'tho young man 'could see no good which would result if.ho learned them, since Delia had deolarcd her resulvu unalterable, be finally wroto to bis father, .requesting .him to find out' wbero the Addingtbha had gone it lie oould, or aoy guide tb'"tiieir present abode. Having daspBtohed this letter, ho grew so im patient for u reply that he' could hardly wait the uiusssaiy interval. , As tittle hope as there keenied in any event the, fact 'of knowing ' jiisf'whcru' Colio was would bring Iter a tritloraearer tu 'him, since it Was betler thau nothing to bo certain ol her whereabouts. He was doomed to. disap pointment,' however.1', ilia , lather replied promptly, and staled that he had touml nnd questioned Mr. Addingtoii's .lawyer, but that bu said iiu1 waa.uuaiquainted with his lormor ulietit'd present place .of reBidenco ; that bo had at tirat gnno to Now York, hut had after ward moved from'' that oitv, since when all business relations had ceased between them. Mr. Hnrlwiok added to his own opinion that the lawyer's manner was evaBive, and that it was evident Mr. Addington; (or some ren- son. did not wish it generally known where be had gone; ; ; " " Dexter took this letter rather gloomily to his Iriend. " As I thought," tlio latler remarked, when ho hud read it. 'Merouiu Addington fears you, and bus takou precautions to prevent your followiug him, sliuuld you wish to do ho. ' lie is determined to keep you and Celia apart. Bat do not be discouraged, my dear hoy. Wu will fiud hiui out-yet,"- " But how I" asked Baxter. Mr. Ellison relluoted.; i i ' "I think 1 will write to this lawyer," be re plied, at length. "It iB prohahlo, Mr. Ad dingtoii's instruelious related particularly to those who might have any uiiiucetibn with you.' It I, .a Btraugor. train : a distant eity, wiito to him, I may obtain some intormu- iiou.'.'i " And it you do ascertain where she is, what'then?" asked Dexter, wistfully. Mr. Ellison lsid hid hand ou his shoulder sb lie responded kindly:— . " Wo will he giiideil by nircumstanoes. I hayo a plan which 1 will disclose when- the proper time shall come. .Until, \y.o. have tried do not despair." His assured manner made Dexter feel a littio hopeful. 1 ; How oan I over repay you if you should bo the moan's ol giving my darling back to me F" lie- cried 'with an outburst of feel- iug. ' F Mr. Ellison replied only by nu enigmatical look which Dsxttr eoulil not fathom." Yet it somb way seemed to add to his confidence in his new (riond'H power. The letter was written at once, and Dexter had just dropped it into a post-oilice box, and wa3 about to cross the street, when hie heart suddonly stood still, then boat again in heavy thumps. For, walking slowly along on the opposito ; eido of the slreel, ho saw Mr. Ad dington nml Delia ! Neither observed hiui. and Dextor -gazed again on that dear Ineo from whioh'tbo former warm color had gone, and could sue how mclsuaholy iliad uhangad plaoeH with, tho old mischievousnesB in her dark ayes.'-' ! A horse's 'hond in ioloso proximity to his own rousod him to a soiiso ol his environ ments, ami, stopping not to, lienr tho curses 'of tlio driver, Dextor rushed across the street, and followed :on alter Oclia and Mr. Adding ton, keeping, however, at 11 safe and cautious distunee. UiB heart bled at the ravages the past few mouths hud made upon her ho loved 'so; well, and notwithstanding the air of devotion' which was apparent'' iri'-Mr. Ad dington, Dexter felt hatred toward him as tho cause.' ,!„.> ! ; >'..- But ho.was.surpriaed at catching a look of- questioning fear upon Celia's face onoo when she turned it toward' Mr. Addington. He. had never before -'seen anything' but confi dence and, nlTeation in her regard. -What eould it 'mean ! Was it a sequence of the mystery ? ' ' , Ho (ulluwed thorn until they turned 'into a side, street, tlion; stood at tho. corner long enough to niark. Hiu; Iioubo at.whioh tbey. entered; after which liq hurried baok to Mr,, Ellison's place of business, and' hurriedly sad somewhnHinoohorontly inforinod him ot what had hunpeued. ". ; i; - " Mr.'Ellison's excitement was., as groat as his own, but he calmed himself with an effort, ' ' '- - , " 1 '! "Fortuue'lias favored you, my boy," bo laid, with. a', tender lingoring upon 'tho last two words., ,'.\Now will you , trust me and tako my advlaaffir -jm ,..,n -y " " Yea, '"was Dexter's eager reply,;, , <>' " Then go— tils sooner tho better— and'de-' mand> oi -Mr. i Addington', ns-'your right) a reason tor Delia's abrupt dismissal of tbo man whom she promised , to marry. " I will," said Dexter, firmly. \- " Good. ' I will go with you." " ' ,1 "1Y011?", surprised.. "Yes. 1 1. think I niay have somo influence with'Joroiuo Addington." Dexter felt a. strength. at this aesuranoe whioli he had not before, although ho under stood so litllo what ho meant. ,. That afternoon tliuy both stood together at the , door of the present homo c Celia. An elderly woman answered their riug, whose (aba indioutod suspicion and ill temper, She bad boon scleuted to take old Margaret's plaoa for , tlicso very eharscteriHtips, probably, thought Dextor. Bli'e eyed I hem sullenly kb she informed ' thorn (hat Mr, Aldington .WUgOIlt,:, ..." AYp will go In and wait until lie returns," said Dexter, quietly, and pushed liis way by hbr through tlio half ripen door. Mr. Ellison -followed, and they both stepped into the parlor.' - , . „ Weil," stfarlod the woman, entering altor thom, " perhaps, I'd hatter scud far a police- man!' You oaine' into 'tho housG more like thieves than- lianest men. I toll you my master is out, and I don't know wbon ho will be in."1 ' ... ... , ; . . ;. : '! You ban wateh'uB, if, yog are afraid of p'ur'Btaafing anything, ".said. Dexter. 'I Bu( we intend to wait here until :Mr.;' Addingtoq returns," R , : . .- .What's your buslnoss (" she demanded, . Our. btieihese',, is- with, Mr. Add|pQ«nn,'t .»'aid'Mr;Elli6on,'oalinly,. . The woman' glared at them, muttoring something, then llouuced out and lofl them, Tha two men exehauged a look, but noitlnr spuks, Dsxtsr leruail against His piano, and Mr. Ellison, alter walking about norvvueiy, 1 scutcd hirnscu. 111 a low onnir 111, a uunTci where he happened to stop. Ho had hardly donoeo wheu Mr. Addington stojiped in at the door and stopped on the liircshold, liis laao paling as his eyes fell on Djxtor. The hack ol a large arm-chair, screened 'Mr. Elli son from ins view. ..." It is you. thon, is it /" said Mr. Adding ton, as soon us ho could recover himscl! edotigh to speak. Then he carefully closed the door; and, standing before it with folded ;arms, fixed upon Dexter a look of undisguised .'bate, as ho wont on : , You have noma , to perseauto my niece, I suppose. It is manly, to follow and annoy n helpless girl t But you will iind'it is 1 with wliom you wilt have to .deal,;not her," : ; ; , 'i I havo not oomo with the purpose of per- seeutiug any one," returned Dexter, steadily, and not "shrinking under (lie gaze ol . tlio other. " tt wus'aboidoiit alono which brought to my knowledge the fact of your pibsonue iu this oily.. But 1 inn not satilieii to bo dis missed us I linvu hco-i without the least ex planation. 1 know Celia loved liieevon when she sent 1110 away. ' For her sake— to spare her pain— 1 went. But of you 1 demand the reason whioh unused her to do as she did. X am not willing to submit without knowing ail, because the happiness of my life is in volved.'"" ; ' : Mr. Addington regarded him intsnlly with- out answering, an-1 appeared to he debating witliin himself. .Finally, lie naked, — . " " Will you bo ontii'lied and leave ue alone if I givo you n full explanation?" . " II tho laets juatiiy it." As, Mr. Addington was about to respond, tho door, behind .him.. was . pushed gently open; " , . " Do not'couio in," he cried abruptly, but 1 too. Into. " ' Delia lind enon Dextor, and leaned against the door palo: and trembling. There .wivb anguish nod reproach in the uyes she allowed ito rest oil thosn 6t her lover, lie, no less moved, had dillloulty iu rail ruining himself libm going to her. nnd clasping tier in liis ' linns. M-. AddincUm stood irresolute, gnaw ing liis liugors. K - one uutieed Ellison, who still remained concealed behind the ohuir in his aouidcntal siclution. Delta was the Hist to break Hio silsneu. , " It was cruel to us hotli to come, Dextor," said shcj'pituously. " I told you there was no hope. All I why will you inakc it eo hurd — so bard?' Her voice broke and she burst into tears. At this Mr. Addington. said sternly, — . " You Hec, 'young man, the misery yonr pre sence causes. 'Flint -this sucno may not bo repeated;, J will , accede,. to your demsnd. Celia, deal, he eauie to insist. upon, knowing everything, and I. liow' think it best that lie should.'" ' ' ' ' ' : His tone changed to gentleness as he ad dressed tier. Endeavoring to suppress her sobs, she replied, — "You wished thn secret kept, nnd eo, too 'did J. But 1-1 Ikink he has a right to know." , At this Mr. Addington turnodagnin to Dex- .ler. " If is a painful dieelosure," ho eommeticed with a harsli, grating sound in his luiiu; " I yield to its being drawn Irani 1110 that she need be 110 longer troubled by your solicita tions. To he brief, uiy .brother's wife, Delia's mother, died a viutim to hereditary insanity, which for generations hud never failed iu its prey. In a cane interval before Iter dentil she mnde mc promise Hint her daughter should ncvor many, hut that the cutso might end witli her. You know now why 1 tried to guard her by strict seclusion ram the possibility oi a love allair." Dexter stood mute with horror. lie saw thai Calin was right; that the harrier between them was indeed impnssahlo ; hut worse even than that was the thought ol such a fate hanging like a suspended eword ubovo the head of the woman lie loved. Ho forgot Mr. Ellison, and everything excopt that remorse less hand of destiny. " You understand now, Dexter, how wrong wo were lu love," oaid tho plaintive voice ui Celia. Her laua was hidden in her handker chief. A stillness followed tlio words. . Why have you told her this story, Jerome Addington?'' It was a strange voice to two tliero that broke tho silence, mid Celia looked up startled to sea a gray head rising behind the large arm-chair. Bha gave a cry of emprise nml fright, but surely slid hud no reason to fear the look sho mot, which wna kind almost to tenderness, nnd protecting. Dexter, recalled to a knowledge , ot Mr. Ellison's prusenoe, looked at him wistfully, wondering what his words meant, but not daring to hope. Upon Mr. Addington the t If .ut ui this sudden up. unrition ot nu unauspccted fourth in tlio in terview was strangely marked. He started buck, mid thou, ns bis eyes eoarchcd tho face, recognition enme into his own, and he stared at him appalled, as if ho had seen a ghost,- , "l.aee you remombur me, sithough it Is many years siuoo wo linvo' met, and 1 have changed much since then," said Mr. Ellison, quietly., " L had not, intended to play tiie listener bore, but, us it so happened I took advantage oi the irciiinstnnoes. Had yon faithfully discharged your trust, you would liuve had no reason to fear rue as you da now." Mr. Addington had lost every particle ot eclf pcHsuaeion,; Uu cast a fnarlul , glance around, and his eyes wero lull of anguish as they rented oil , tbo wondering Delia, "I thoiiglit'you were dead lung ago, Amos Ellison," lie stammered: " Why have yoti eoine to interfere now?- Remember your promise." - ."When hor happiness is at stake, that pro mise is nothing," was the decided reply ; and Mr, ElliBon onmo and stood in the centra oi . tho room, , " Was not tho saorifice all (or her wellaro?" hp continued. " You havo made it hopodsary" that hIiu should kuow the truth now. ' Why you havo done as you have, I do not know, unless it 'is 'for some reason so monBtrous that I shrink from bolisving it." . Mr, Addiugton's head dropped, and tha per- epilation 'stnrlod out of his tsmpiea. Mr. Ellison turned from him to Celia, and con tinued in 11 diileront tone, — , "My child, will you try and think as kindly as possihlo of the reyelaiions I have to mako to you i Do prepared for a groat eurpriso. I must first Buy h fuw words nbout myself. I havo all; my lilo boon nu uutariniiiito man.' I graw.disepuroged finally, und , after -ray dear wite died) ratlior , than- allow ray ehild to'.bo involved in the' tate whioh seemed inino, 1 gavo lior to another — a rich man who oould resouo her from tho life oi toil Bhe would have had with mo, and give her the advantages: I knew well I mysall uevor uoukl obtain tor her. My own feelings I. put aside t or hor sake, and bora' patiently tho sorrow of her loss, Celia, you are that child, and I am your father." Cilia east a bewildered glance around, and ' then something in her lioart responded to tha pppeel in Mr. lillisoii's eyes, and aire went tq him. "I nm g|ail, yog liayp. 001110 tq me, my lather," she 1 said gently. . Mr. ElllBon's Ineo waH tianiijgurodqahoput hjs arms rqupd hey. Soniolhiug ol the look was roUeoted in' Dexter's, who now Boomed to see a glorious gleam uMiglit brooking through tho clouds.; All tho truth dawned upon him, as it had iiot yet upon Colin. " I do not quite sea how it all is," alio said, niton a ' moment ot silence. " You are rqy father— tlion : you must ha my unolo'a bro ther . 'flhe looked inquiringly at Mr. Addington, but ho did not epeak or glanae up. 1 "Do yoti understar,l, dear?" said Mr. lEIIison., ." Mr. Addington is " " Stop |" qemmanded Mr, Addington. The pupils 'of his eyes dilated bo that the whole eye seemed blaok. "Lot mo be the ono to tall her. That right 1 iyifl liayo, Celia have (ever been guy thing but kind to you?" " n Never— never, dear qnolo," replied tho qetonishod girl, " Tiieq for the eako of thn alTeotion which lias oyer existed between us, you onn perhaps try and forgive the wrong I have done you— yes, for I have done yon wrong, Listen, Colls. Many years ngo, when I was com- Saritivel v a young m»u, I was deueivrd and iirayed by tbe woman I loved, Tuis caused ine to nate ana aespisB the wholo sex. let l need iS aiToetion, abd I look a fancy to take .some ohild and bring her up to be true and sinooro, as I believed other women were not. . Chance threw 1110 in Iho way of your lather, Celia, a struggling, half frantic man, and you became raino. - ",As yoare wont on, you grow dearer and dearer to mc, as a ohild oi my own, might, have been. My love was puro and honest then. Dut when youoatno baok from echool, and I saw you in tho beauty of your woman hood, anil knew you to be all t had hoped, my idoal woman, then, Celia, I remembered i was not your unolo, and loved you with a different love." ' . , , At tlioso words Celia Blirank baok qloso to her, lather, aud covered her face with her hands. Sho cuniprehended now tho looks of liis whioh of late had surprised and frightened lier, and in her uutragod feelings forgot for the moment Hie shadow whioh liis revelation had rouinvsd. "I loved you, Delis, with tlio passionate iovc of a man who might linvo liafi tlio right had not you belioved- hiui to bo your uncle," went on Jerome Addington, while nil listened intently, Mr. Ellison with pity, and Dexter with horror. " Id my jealousy, I kept you seolud d, as I thought, from the ehnnoo nf any lover, and I wns already planning to win you to regard mo in a different light from what you did, when I discovered in one ter rible moment that my precautions had been in vain, and yon loved, lmny agony I ro- Bolvad to separate you Irom him at all baz- nrds. and 1 did. 1 meant, when your lauoy for bim had gone, as I hoped it would in time, to tell you tho truth — that my brother's wife died insane, but was not your mother, and that I loved you." Involuntarily, Oeiia raised her oyos, eliin- ing with tho gladness of tho lew words. whioh had momentarily blotted out nil tlio others, to tliosu of hor lover, that responded with tlio same joy. Then she roinooihercd Mr. Ad dington. A shadow erosied tlio brightness of her face. Sho hesitated, then Bhe said, lal- teringly, — " Uncle— let mo call you unolo still, for 1 can never think oi you otherwise— for tlio sake ot nil that has been, I. forgive you tho suffering that you have caused, and— and— pity you." " My punishment is severe," he returned huskily. " Some tiino the remembrance of those words will comfort mo, but now I enn only remember that I have lost you. That is penance enoueli for n thousand heavier sins than inino. Try and think of mo ae I was. 1 leave you to tlioso who have the right I have ioifeited." > Giving her a last look so full ot wretched ness she never forgot it, lie turned nnd. wont out of the room and out of her life forovor. ToorB came to her eyes as she gazod after him. " I have no uncle now," sho murmured Hndly. Then sho threw her arms around Mr. Ellison's neck. " Dot I have found q father I" "And I— am I nothing?" askod Dexter. "You are ray son now," said Mr. Ellison, and placed Celia's hand in his. She smiled through her tears, and her faco flushed ns it had not for many a day, as Dex ter took her from lier father's arms and drew lier to liis heart. The clouds which hung over them passed away, and the bright euu was shining. ( Conclmletl.) Sevoral deal persons in a 'Massachusetts ruiyil community, are circulating a petition praying tha Logislasuro to givo them n hear ing. Parson—" Whore's your pn, Johnny I" Johnny—" Well, I ain't eoin' to lie about it. He's been experimental' with one of these ycre parachute tilings like tlio man dropped out'n the balloon witli the other day : and Inst time ho tried usin' inn's 11111- hrel' and come down in the well. I ain't gut tho courage to go an' see if lie's got hold uf the Imu.lle. Goolong mamma— " Yon can't toast that cliccsc, Due, it's too old." Little Dot — " Well, it don't know much if It is old." " Don't know much ?" " No ; jest ns soon ns it begins to feel tho lire it jumps right into it." " Yes." said a convalescent and classic patient, "even the Greeks suifercd with tlio ill-Lad." " J'nssihly," remarked tlio doelor, "as your complaint was rather odd-I-sco." Nothing will pat murder into a man's heart quicker limn to unsuccessfully try to open a refnetory car-window for a prclly girl, and hnve a innn about two sizes bigger than he is, step across aud open it almost without an elforl. If you must do as tho Romans do when you arc iu ltoinc, you should do ns the Mil liners do when you nro in Milan. "My dear," snid a husbnnd, gooily rous ing his wife— this lady was dangerously ill— (' Mrs. Dcllohson called a little while agonnd left her love nnd sympathy for you. Shu seemed deeply allcclcd. " John," said tlio sick lady in a very weak tone of voice, as she slowly uuuluscd her eyes, "what did sho hare nn?" " Papa, what docs E pluribus unuiu mean? "It means'' one of many,' my son." , " Well, papa, ns you have many children,' niiiM. I nn E plurlhiiB miiim i" 1 Mothor— " Who hns been drinking the milk? Tell the truth now i" John—" It woe me. J wanted to see if it was sour." Motii lilt — "Well, what if it vree?" John— "Why 1 wouldn't havo drank it, then." 