SONS OF FIRE. (NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.) o BY MISS BRADDON. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. ffHAPTRR V.— (Continued.) "And blighted his life!" exclaimed Al lan, "My mother is the best of women, and the best and kindest of wives; but I have always known that my father's mar riage was a loveless marriage. Well," he went ou, recovering mmseu quicaiv, ap prehensive lest he should cheapen his mother's position by revealing loo much, "you acted generously, and no doubt for the best, in making that sacrifice, and all has worked round well. You married a good man, and secured a position of more importance than iny father's smaller means could have given you." "Position! means!" she repeated, in bit terest scorn. "Oh, Allan, don't think so poorly of me as to suppose that it was Mr. Wornock's wealth which attracted me. I married him because he was kind and sympathetic and good to me in my loncii- ness— a pupil at a German conservatoire, living with stony-hearted people, who only cared for me to the extent of the money that was paid for my board and lodging, and who were always saying hard things to me because thoy had agreed to take me so cheanlv — too cheaply, they said. I used to feel as if I were cheating them when I sat at their wretched meals, and I was thankful that I had a wretched appetite." "You were cruelly used, dear Mrs. Wor- nock. I can just remember my grand mother, and I know she was a hard woman. She had no right to interfere with her son's disposal of his life." "No, she had no right. If T had known even as much of the world as I know now, when Miss Marjorum — Mrs. Beresford's messenger— came to me, I would have acted differently. I know now that a gentleman need not be ashamed of marrying a penni less girl if there is nothing against her but poverty; but, then, I believed what Miss Marjorum told me — believed that I should blight tho life of the man who loved me with such generous self-sacrificing love. Why should he alone be generous, and I selfish and indifferent to his welfare?" "But how did he suffer you to sacrifice yourself at his mother's bidding?" "He had no power to stop me. It was all settled without his knowledge. I hope Ik was not very sorry— dear, dear George!— so generous, so true, so noble. Oh, how I have loved him — all my life, all ray -life. .My husband knew that I had no heart to give him — that I could be his obedient wife- — but that I could never love him as I had loved " Again lier sobs choked her speech. She threw herself Into a chair, and abandoned herself to that passionate griuf. "Dear Mrs. Wornock, forgive me for re viving those sorrowful memories. I was wrong; I ought not to have spoken " "No, no; there is nothing to forgive. It does me good to talk of the past — with you. Allan, with you, not with anyone else. And now you know why my heart went out- to you from the first. Why you are to mo al most as a son — almost as dear as my own son — and your future wife as iny daughter. It does mo good to talk to you of that time, so long aiul long ago. It does me good to talk of my dead self. T havo never forgotten. The past has always been dearer to mo than anything in this life that cam© afterwards." "I do not think my father has forgotten any more than you have, Mrs. Wornock. I know that there has always been a cloud over his life — the shadow of one sad mem ory. I havo felt and understood this, with out knowing whence the shadow came." "He was too true-liearted to forget easi ly," Mrs. Wornock said, gently, "and we were both so young. I was his first love, as he was mi lie. And when a first love is pure and strong as ours was, it must be first and last, must it not, Allan?" "Yes," he answered, half doubtfully, re membering certain sketchy loves of his own. and hoping that they could hardly be ranked as love, so that he might believe that his passion for Suzette was essentially the first; essentially, if not actually. "No, I have never forgotten," Mrs. Wor nock repeated, musingly, seating herself at the piano, anjl softly touching the notes now and then, playing a few bars of pen sive melody sotto voce as she talked, now a phrase from an Adagio of Beethoven's — now a resolution from a prelude by Bach, dropping gravely down Into the bass with softly repetitive phrases, from piano to pianissimo, melting into silence like a sigh. "No, I have never forgotten — and I have suffered from the pains as well as the pleasures of memory. Before my son was born, and after, there was a long interval of darkness when 1 lived only in tho past, when the shadows of the past were more real to me than the living things of tho present, when my husband's face was dim and unreal, and that dear face from the past was always near me, with the kind smile that comforted me in my desolate youth. Yes, I loved him, Allan, loved liim, and gave hiin up for his own sake. And now you tell me my sacrifice was useless, that, even with the wife his mother chose for him, the kind good wife, he has not been altogether happy." "His life has been placid, studious, kind ly, and useful. It may be that he was best fitted for that calm, secluded life — it may bo that if you bad taken the more natural and the more selfish course — and In so do ing parted him for ever from his mother, who was a proud woman, capable of life long resentment — it may be that remorse might have blighted his life, and that even your love would not havo consoled him under the conviction that he had broken his mother's heart. I know that, after hor strong-minded masterful fashion, she adored him. He was all she had iu this world 'to lovo or care for; and it is quite possible that a lasting quarrel with him might havo killed her. Dear Mrs. Wornock, pray do not think that your sacrifice was altogether in vain. No such self-surrender as that can be without some good fruit. I do not pretend to be a holy person, but I do believe In tbe power of goodness. And, consider, dear friend, your life has not been all unhappy. You had a kind and good husband." "Good! He was more than good, and for over a year of our married Jife I was a burden to him. He was an exile from the home he loved, for iny sake — for me, who ought to have brightened his home for him." "But that was only a dark interval," said Allan, remembering what Mrs. Mornington had told him, of the long residence at Grindelwald, and the birth of the heir in that remote spot. "There were happier days afterwards." "Yes, we had a few peaceful years here, before death took him from me, and while our boy wus growing in strength and beauty." "And in theso long years of widowhood music has been your comforter? In your devotion to art you have lived the higher life?" "Yes," she answered, with an inspired look, striking a triumphant chord, "music has beeu my comforter — music has conjured back my dead father, my lost lover. Music has been my life and my hope." CHAPTER XI.— THE MASTER OF DIS- COMBE. Mrs. Wornock's frank revelation of her girlish lovo and self- sacrifice lifted a bur den from Allan's heart and mind. He hud been interested in her, and attracted to wards her from that first summer noontide when ho studied her thoughtful face in the village church, and when he lingered among the villagers' trrvj.vfts to hear her play. His sympathy had grown with every hour he spent in her society, and he had been deeply grateful for the friendship which had so cordially included him and the girl he loved. It had been very painrul to him to believe that this pweet-monnered woman belonged to the fallen ones of the earth, that her graces were the graces of a Magdalen, most painful to think that she was no fitting companion for the girl who had so readily responded to her friendly advances. a The cloud was lifted now, and he felt ashamed of all his past doubts and suspi cions. He respected Mrs. Wornock for her refusal to meet his father in the hearten way of friendship. He was touched by tho devotion which had brought her creeping to his windows under tho cover of night to look upon the face of her boloved. He resolved that he would do all that in him lay to atono for tbo wrong his thoughts had done her — that he would be to her, in- Iced. as a second son, and that he would ult irate her sou's friendship In a brotherly spirit. Ho stopped in the corridor on the morn ing aRer that Interview to study th© por trait of the young man whose likeness to himself had now resolved itself into a psy chological mystery, and he could but see that it was a likeness of the mind rather than of the flesh — a resemblance in charac ter and expression far more than in actual lineaments. "He is vastly my superior in looks," thought Alhui, as he studied tho lines of that boldly limned face. "He has his mother's finely-chiselled features, his mo ther's delicate coloring. There is a shade of e'fliniinacy, otherwise the face would be almost faultless. And to mistake this face for that! Absurd!" muttered Allan, catch ing the reflection of his sunburnt forehead, and strongly marked nose and chin, In the Venetian glass that hung at right angles with the picture. Ho heard tho organ while the footman paused with his hand on the door, waiting to announce tho visitor. Tho simpler mu sic, the weaker touch, told him that the pupil was playing. "Please don't stop," ho cried, as ho went in. "I want to hear 'If the pupil is worthy of her mistress." Mrs. Wornock cam© to meet him, and Suzetto went on playing, with only a smile and a nod to her sweetheart. "Sho is getting on capitally. She is an enthusiast about music," announced Mrs. Wornock. "How elate you are looking this morn ing!" "I have good news. My son Is on his way home." "I congratulate you." "Ho is coming home for his long leave. 1 shall have hiin for nearly a year." "How happy you shall be. I have just been studying his portrait." "You are so like him." "Oh, only a rough copy— a charcoal slcotch on coarse paper— nothing to boast of," said Allan, with a curious laugh. Ho was watching Suzette, to see if she were Interested iu the expected arrival. She played on, her eyes Intent alternately upon the page of music in front of her, and upon the stops which sho was learning to use. 1 hero was no stumbling in tbe notes, or hailing in tbe time. She played the simple legato passages smoothly and care fully, and seemed to pay no heed to their talk. Allan would have been less than human, perhaps, if his first thought on hearing of Geoffrey's return had not been of the influ ence ho might exorcise upon Suzette — whether in hiin sho would recognise tho superior and more attractive personality. "No," he thought, ashamed of that jeal ous fear which was so quick to foresee a rival, "Suzette has given me her heart, and Itmust be my own fault if I can't keep it. Women are our superiors, at least In this, that they are not so easily caught by the modelling of a face, or the rich tones of a complexion. And shall 1 think so meanly ol' my sweet Suzette as to suppose that my happiness is in danger because someone more attractive than myself appears upon the scene? When wo spend, our first season in London as man and wife, sho will havo to run the gauutlet of all the agreeable men in town — soldiers and sailors, actors and painters, ingenuous young adorers, and houry- headed flatterers— tho whole army of Satan that maketh war upon Innocence and beauty. No, I am not afraid. She has a fine brain and a noble heart. She is not the kind of woman to jilt a lover or betray a husband. I am safe in loving her." Ho had need to comfort himself, for tho hour of trial was nearer than he thought. He went' to Discoinbo beforo luncheon on the morning after he had heard of Geoffrey's return. He went, expecting to find Suzette at the organ, and to hear the latter part of tho lesson. Ho was not a connoisseur, but he loved music well enough to love to bear his sweetheart play, and to bo able to distinguish ovcry shade of improvement in hor performance. To-day, however, the organ was silent; the youth who blew tho bellows was chasing a wasp in the corri dor, and tho room into which ALlan was ushered was empty. "Tho ladles are in the garden, sir," said tho footman. "Shall I tell my mistress that you are here?" "No, thanks, I'll go and look for tho ladies." < The autumn morning was bright and mild, and one of the French windows was open. Allan hurried out to tho garden, and looked down the cypress avenue. The long porspcctlve of smooth-shaven lawn was empty. Thero was uo one loitering by the fountain. They were In tho summer-house —the classic temple whero Mrs. Wornock had sunk into unconsciousness at the sound of Ills father's name, where ho had lived through the most embarrassing experience of bis life. H© could distinguish Mrs. Wornock's black gown, and Suzette's terra-cotta frock, a cloth frock from the Salisbury tailor, which he greatly admired. But there was another figure that puzzled him— an un familiar figure In grey — a man's figure. Never had the grass walk seemed so long, or the temple so remote. Yes, that third figure was decidedly masculine. There was no optical delusion as to the sex of tho stranger. There was no petticoat hidden behind the inarblo table. As he drew near er be saw that the intruder was a young man, sitting in a lounging attitude, with his arms resting on tho table, and his shoulders leaning forward to bring him nearer to the two ladies seated opposite. Ho felt that It would be undignified to run, but ho walked so fast in his eagerness to discover the identity of the Interloper, that he was in an undignified perspiration when he arrived. "Allan, poor Allan, how you have been running!" exclaimed Suzette. "I was vexed with myself for losing tbe whole of your organ lesson," said Allan, shaking hands with Mrs. wornock, and gazing at the stranger as at a ghost. Yes, it was Geoffrey Wornock. Even bis hurried reflections during that hurried walk had told Allan that it must be bo, and none other. No ono else would be admitted to the familiarity of the garden and summer- house. Mrs. Wornock had no casual visit ors, no iutimato friends, except Suzette and himself. "There has been no organ lesson this morning, Allan," Mrs. Wornock told hiin, her face radiant with happiness. "Suzette and I have been surprised out of all sober occupations and ideas. This son of mine took it into bis head to come home nearly a fortnight before I expected him. He ar rived as suddenly as if he had dropped from the sky. He did not even telegraph to be mot at tli© station." . "A telegram would have taken the edge off the surprise, mother," said the man in grey standing up tall and straight, but slenderly built. Allan felt himself a coarse, gladiatorial sort of person beside this elegant and re fined-looking young man. Nor was there anything effeminate about that graceful figure to which an envious critic could take exception. Soldiering had given that air of manliness which can co-exist with a thread-paper figure, and a girlish waist. "Geoffrey, this is Allan, of whom you know so much." "They all tell mc that you and I are very much alike, Mr. Carew," said Geoffrey, with a pleasant laugh, "and my mother tells me that you and I are to take kindly to each other, and in fact she expects to see us by way of being adopted brothers — I don't quite know what that means — whe ther we are to ride each other's horses, and make free with each other's guns, or go halves in a yacht or a racehorse?" "I want you to like each other — to be real friends," said Mrs. Wornock, ear nestly. "Then don't say another word about it, mother. Friendship uuder that kiDd of protecting influence rarely come to any good; but I am quite prepared to like Mr. Carew on his own account, and I hope he may be able to like me on the same poor grounds." He had an airy way of dismissing the subject which set them all at their ease, und steered them away from tbe rocks and shoals of sentiment. Mrs. Wornock, who had been on the verge of weeping, smiled again, and led Geoffrey off to look at the gardens, and all the improvements which had been effected during his three years' absence, leaving tbe lovers to follow or uot as they pleased. (To be continued.) 