GENERAL NEWS. Parliament meets on June 25. There ib a great bicycle craze in France. The Kivertree silver mines are said to be look ing up again. . The risk Jubilee Singers will be at Tenter field to night. An earthquake, lasting two tuinutee, occurred at Cobar on Wednesday night. The Gozo pony Sweetheart won anotherrace at breakfast Creek on Saturday. Stanlhorpe is asking for the appointment of a Police Magistrate. Mr. Foxton addresses bis electors at San thorpe on Saturday. It is proposed to hold a bazaar in October in aid of St. Mary's Church. Archbishop Dunno held confirmation service in Stauthorpe on Sunday. E. Baird, of Warwick, saddler, has been adjudicated insolvent. Charles Arnold's Company will be in War wick on the 21st and 22nd. Supposed ghost rapping ia reported from New Farm, near Brisbane. The Warwick Wesleyan Choir will give a musical entertainment in Allora on 29th. An immense sea turtle, estimated to weigh 400lbs., was captured at Byron Bay last week. J. Dallis's mare Bay Sal rao third in the Forced Handicap on Wednesday at Tamwortb. Horse and bullock teams are successfully competing against, the railways in ail the colo nies. Arrangements have been made for <111 Ameri can baseball team to visit Australia during the present year. The Sultan of Turkpy is astounded that he should be told by the Powers to make reforms in Armenia. The number of aboriginals at present in New South Wales is 7,029-3,756 full- bloods, and 8,273 half-castes. During February, New Zealand exported 2,572,224 feet 0! timVer. Australia took the biggest share of this. Christina M'Leod, aged 8 months, of Eagle Farm, won the tirst prize, £100, in the Eight Hour Gift Distribution. Despite the winter season, great interest is taken in the swimming matches that are coo* slant ly being held in Sydney. The labour party of South Australia are jubilant over the success which has attended the enrofbient of women voters. The population of the world is placed ap proximately at 1,480,000,000 of .which 400,000,000 beloog to East Asia alone. Id the United Kingdom, according to Hagel, intoxicating drinks cost £136,000,0Q0 annually, while education costs only £11,000,000. Jim Stanhury, the wor d's champion oars man, is employed on n job in connection with some of the telegraph lines up the country. Four liorseB attached to the coach from Mount Brown In Wilcannia died in harness on Fridu;, it is supposed from eating poison weed. A disastrous fire has occurred at Also Kubio, a town in the north of Hungary. The fire spread with great rapidity, and nearly the whole of the town was destroyed. A man named Brown has been arrested at Batlina on a charge oE bigamy. He is alleged to have married four women, all of whom are living. Mr. Hugh Taylor is a member of the Parra matta couooil for 83 years in sucoeision, which is said to be a top record of continuous service for an alderman. The secretary of the Warwick Hospital will make collections in Allora this week. Allora should give more to our hospital than they have in the past. There are 585 solicitors practising in New Zealand, or one to every 1361 inhabitants. The number of solicitors practising in Welling ton district is 135. In a divorce case in Sydney last week, Judge Windeyer sat on tbe bench; bis son appeared for tbe husband io tbe oase, and his son-in-law appeared for the wife. Tbe members of the Pastoralists Union do not anticipate a general strike of the shearers, or that the getting oS of the clip will be materially interfered with. Reports received in New York slate (hat a Spanish force in Cuba has been routed by tbe insurgents with considerable slaughter, 800 men having been killed. Lady and Miss Norman left Brisbane on Saturday, by tbe Arawslts en route for Eng land Sir Henry accompanies them as far as Adelaide. A large number saw the party off from the Bay. His Excellency the Oovernor before he leaves the colony intends spending a few days in Toowoomba and Warwick, in order to personally bid bis many friends in both towns goad-bye. The Government of Gape Colony proposes to raise the duty on frozen meat to 2d. per lb., as the farmers of Cape Colony have beoome alarmed at the prospect of the importations of Australian meat. The Workers' Convention sitting in Sydney has adopted a comprehensive schcme of vigor ous organising, and the whole of the country will be thoroughly canvassed with tbe object of increasing tbe membership: Mrs. H. P. Nichols, who has covered about 3000 miles in different bicycle tours, has, in company with her husband, juBt completed a cycling tour of the tieelong dislriot. In five days she covered 300 miles. South Australian apples have sold in London at an average of 15s per case j but a portion of the grapes is unsaleable. A consignment of Victorian fruit pulp, per steamship Parramatta, has beon sold at £26 6s per ton. News item from Oooktown: " The Sohool of Arts ball wss a comparative failure, only about 20 couples being present, owing to the middle classes having resented tbe non-uttendance of the upper ton at tbe Hibernian ball." A statement has been made by the member for Orange, who is in position to speak with authority, that the Lucknow mine, situated near Orange, is turning out from half a ton to fifteen hundredweight of gold every month. Tho oil prepared in Brisbane from locally grown olives is pronounced by experts as superior to the best Italian. Tho most remark able feature io the local oil is that it bears no resemblance to the Luoca and salad oils of ordinary commerce. In Hobsrt tbe police are under oontrol of the municipality and the expense of the organisa tion is provided for by a police rate of l)d in the £. There is also a codlin moth rate of Cd per acre, and one man keeping one tree being taxed for one acre. Lord Bosebery, addressing a meeting of the Libera) party in London, declared that the Government would continue in office until the; were defeated, but the smallness of their ma jority in the HouBe of Commons would not allow of an; skulking in the ranks of the party. In connoelinn with the Victorian Government retrenchment scheme, reductions are to lie made in the permanent ntval forces. The gun boats are to be laid np, and the strength of the Naval Brigade iB to be reduced to 150 all told. This will mean disposing with the services of nearly 200 officers and men. A lad named W. Dawes, on bis way to school, was taken ill in Prince Alfred Park, and was conveyed in an unconscious state to the hospital. Later on the boy's mother, sister (aged 16), and a cousin (aged 8J), were all admitted to the hospital in an unconscious condition. The family had porridge and milk for breakfast, and it is believed that they have bean poisoned, A New York millionaire, Thomas Hitclicock, says: "Everything indicates that under the pressure of discontent, which is an ineradicable element of human nature, civilised society is gradually shaping itself into a system in which firivate affairs will be much more regulated by aw than tbey are now, and that the ontcoine eventually will be what is called " State Socialism." A graduated tax on domeBtic servants is pro posed by the French Government. The beer task has been passed in (he House of Commons by a majority of 24. Five liorsee fell in the South Australian Tat tersall's Steeplechase on April 27. The Allora Waterloo coursing meet on June 5 and O clashes with tbe Toowooraba races. It was reported that £4000 had been stolen , from the safe in the Standard Bank, Johannes* burg. The average price of the yearlings sold at auction in England for the past five seasons is 258 guineas. Prime fat callle are said to be worth £12 to £14 per head at Perth, and draught horses from £18 to £25. A sum of £0,780 passed through the totali sator at the South Australian TatiersaU'e Club's meeting on April 27. James Hall, a milk vendor, was on Wednes day fined at Sydney £3, with £5 costs, for re moving cream from milk. Cycling sports were held at Tamworth last Wednesday. McNeil won five events he started for-four of them from scratch. The barn dance and Highland Schottiscbe have supplanted the old time waltz in the fashionable London ball-rooms. £10,000 is said to have been received from India and £15,000 from England lor invest ment in the St. Albans lottery. The declared output of the Johannesburg goldfields, South Africa, for the month of March, was 184,945 ozs, the largest on record. The Tenterfield chilled meat works will be re opened in a fortnight for the treatment of stock intended for Sydney or for shipment to Europe. The barque CamUrian, bound from Sydney to Valparaiso, is now eighty days out, and as no thing has been heard of her it is feared that she has been lost. J. Boyd, an erstwhile Warwickite, will ran a £80 footrace on May 24 at Tumulgura, on tbe Tweed. J. Collins, from Warwick, will be a starter. Sir lepers recently escaped in a boat from Robben Island, off Capetown, and got to the mainland. Some of them have been re captured. A female beggar was sentenced to twenty one days' hard labour (or refusing to return a half-sovereign given her by o. p&figef-by; in Lon don in mistake for sixpence. The dividends declared on Charters Towers for the first four month* of the present year totalled £69.712. or £9,000 more than the previous corresponding period. A woman named Deans has been arrested nt Winton, Otago, charged with murder in con nection with baby farming. The police ilng her garden and found two dead bodies of baby girls. Arrangements were completed on Katuidav by the Victorian Agricultural Depnrtment with agents lor running steamers from Melbourne to London for the carriage of meat, fruit, poultry, rabbits, Ac. It iR satisfactory to learn that Die fust ship ment of Queensland poultry to Loudon by the steamer Banffshire sold at satisfactory prices, i Ducks realised 3s. 6d., fowls, 3s. 8d., and goslings Cs. each. A. native was brought from Thursday Island, where he had been brutally attacked by other natives owing to a tribal quarrel. He had thirteen epears in hie body and died in the Hospital. One of the horses on the training track at Cornville, Tasmania, on Saturday, broke away from the others and the rider, a youth named Cyril Boley. waa dragged along hanging in the stirrup iron. He was dead when picked Dp. When the Menmuir was 40 miles north of Green Cape on the 8th instant the body of a woman was seen floating in the water. The body appeared to be in an advanced state of decomposition. The hair on the corpse was brown red. Richardson, the English bowler, slated in London that his habitual stylo of bowling in England was useless on the Australian wioketc, and that be gave away 400 balls for a paltry result of nine wicketB, until he altered his pitch, making it two yards shorter. Richardson, one of the members of Mr. Stod dart's team, says George Giffen is a great bats man, while Iredale, Darling, Albert Trott, »nd Olem. Hill ere the most promising of the younger Australian cricketers. Stoddart and Brown expressed their concurrence in these opinions. It wa« recently ataled that the Victorian Minister for Agriculture intended to send a shipment of live stook and produce to Japan to tent the market Ihere. Messrs Gibbs, Bright, and Co. have been asked for quotations of freight, and if these are reasonable the experi ment will shortly be made. A few days ago a Clarence River farmer pur chased through a Sydney acent what purported to be Cape barley, but npon examination he found it to be go adu'terated by an admixture of gravel, sand, and eeed« of a noxious plant that there remained but little room in the bag for barley proper. A quantity of jewellery was unearthed in a garden at Woolongongon Friday during garden ing operations. It is supposed (o be identical with the missing part of the jewellery ntolen from a hawker some years ago, for which James Gibbs is now serving four years. He oocopied the house at the time. A sad death is reported from Avoca, Vic toria. An old man named William Dicken&on;, aged 75, who for the last seven years lived as a hermit, was found lying dead in the fireplace of his but. The evidence given at the inquest pointed to the conclusion thatDickenson died from cardiac syncope while sitting before the - fire. The body then fell forward into the fire place and was badly charred. Mdme Carnot, the widow ol the murdered President of France, has detached all the rib bons from the numerous wreaths sent on the occasion of her husband'a funeral, and has de corated a email drawing room with them, the Russian ribbon ct Admiral Avellan forming the centre-piece. The room is to be formed into a private chapel. Mdme Carnot spends several hours in it daily in prayer. 