LADIES' COLUMN. During the hearing of a case in the Hobart Police Court a witness, speaking of her husband said, ‘Since I ‘pulled’ him here some two years ago he has be- Imvo-J v- ry well, comes home early and never gt-ts dru.ik, although ho may Lake n f'i The size of the glass was not stated. The Police Magistrate stented impressed with the efficacy of -Police Court remedies as applied to otherwise incorrigible hus bands. An English journal, iu speaking of the rational costume, says:— ‘ We cycle in them, we rink in them, and daresay when some enterprising manufacturer makes* •hem with low necks and short sleeves, we shall dance in them. One by one we are annexing every masculine garment, and we should not be surprised if next winter all the ladies appear at the pavilion balls in dress suits, and the men in pot—no, stop, we don’t mean that, in a pet at being robbea of their wardrobes. What fan it will be! And then women will have their revenge, and slaud talking by the ; door while iho poor men are sitting round the room and discovering how nice it is to bo a wall flower.’ hypnotised INT0 MAK1RIAGK The man Czynski, who is undergoing trial at Munich, charged with having hypnotised a titled lady into marrying mm, left his real wife (says the Daily News correspondent) in 1890, and has been wandering about Germany with another woman giving lectures on hypno> 8m > aU( l professing to cure diseases by it. Expelled from Prussia, he wont in April of last year lo Dresden, and here* the hypnotic novel begins. Answering his adverfeiscmriu Baroness Hedwig von Zcdlitz-Neukircb, a rich and very religious lady of 38, wont to consult him several times about pains in her head. One d iy th» Baroness was surprised by Czynski’s couf-ssion that he was dying of love for her. The Baroness, though astonished, said that she also felt something like love , for him, Ozynski, who pretended to be a 1 scion of a ducal family of Lithuania, ; obtained her promise to marry him, and at once took stops to obtain a divorce fiora his wife, living in Oacrow, . A mock ceremony marriage wus performed ut an hotel in Munich by a friend of Czynski. A few days later the brother of the Baroness, living in Berlin, learned what had happened, hurried to Munich, and calk'd Czynski to account. The latter showed him I lie marriage certificate, but Baron Zedlitz had him arrested. Czynski, who brought into court a heap of pumphKts and books for his defenc-, asserts i Imt the prosecution is the res ult of a plan on the part of the father and brother of the Baroness to acquire posses- I sionof her property. Then Baroness Zedlitz was called, and the defendant led out. I The lady says she met at Ozynski’s a j certain Mrs Hoflmann, a somnambulist, who had been sent to sleep. She was told to question the woman about ln-r illness. She gave astonishingly correct answer?, and named means and methods for its cure. Ozynski told her fortune from her hand. On the second visit Ozynski may have laid his hands on her forehead, but' she did not become ele.;py, and be did not gaze fixedly at her, Czynski took a lock of her hair, and sa»d that with this he would be able to be near her when she was absent. She soon after 1- ft for Thuringia. After this journey Czynski treated her several times at her hotel. Several times he told her he would send' her to sleep when she was at a distance; j and at a fixed hour she had sat in an ■ armchair, and really fallen to sleep. They 1 often talked about religious things; and | he had told her that she only could save i his soul Then she really loved him. She scorned him now. God had shown her that it was not her tank to save Czynski. The Baroness affirmed that Czynski had received only very trifling sums from her. The Baroness afterwards repeated her evidence in the presence of Czynski, and then tlio Court adjourned. JDRES3ING THE CHILDREN Girls of ibetweon 12 and 14 years are ju&fc; at is commonly called tlie •‘gawky 1 £ge, *xnd a great difficulty is experienced by metfcw ox guardians in rigging them out jn .clotthes thaJb aro not too childish, and also .not tqp .‘grown up.- Pretty as the Dorothy frock is, a,nd be coming to unformed figures, it cannot b.o worn with advantage by girls who 0»;e tall. They require something in the way of a frock that will apparently take from their appearance of height. Quo of the best models 1 have soeu is that in which the skirt was cl/gbtly gored, but with ample fulness at the back; aud gathered into a band, the bodice was full back and front, but hid the fulness arranged well into th« centre ; a sailor collar of velvet was arrange/} over tho shoulders at the back; and in. frfinp , instead of being caught together across tjae ghost, it was out square across Tho enqU ajfe /}xed close to the armhole, so that the collar would rest well over the top of the slenyes \ to each of these ends wore fixed ribbon' rosettes, from-under which a piece, of ribbon was carried down to tho waist line, and there secured by a pleat or two that drew the ribbon into a smaller space at that particular place and took from it tho flat appearenoa that is part of a ribbon band, Thp op4 9 opofc*’nuod to almost the the hem of the skirt, an4 .rojiijd fcho was a ribbon band, fasted m M' 1 )# . a steel buckle. The sleeves, were Ml tp the elbow, and bad a ribbon bow cfc whore tho fulness ended. This pretty costume was of groy flecked tweed, and had green velvet collar and green ribbons; it was destined to bo we™ by a girl of about 13 years. Any kind of frock with a band requires a ijltj.e fulness, or a quantity of fulness, in accordant# with the figure of the girl wfio is to be the wearer, tJjat.must bo a matter of judgment with the maker of tho frock. Very pretty home or party frocks aro being made up for girls of oropon aud silk —silk with bands of insertion over a color, and foljl silk sashes to watch whatever is used, are dainty pn$ much admired. It is almost needless to say that sashes faro worn only when the frock ip jnado with a and hod i cojoined together—a Dorothy frock is complete!)' spoilt if the straight-banging folds art confined with a sash in any way. Children's pinafores ate growing mo:e and more i-Jabor.ite. Rows of torchon inset lion are used above t he hom and ! separated by tiny tucks; perhaps it is scarcely correct to say tuck, fold would be more exacl, aa fchu material is simply creased and < hen machined on the extreme edge flat down to the material undernea'h ; instead of putting the material under the machine in the usual way for atitohiug a tuck, it is put- into the machine already flattened down. Sometimes halfa-dozen rows of torchon are noticeable oh a small pinafore of fine nainsook muslin—but this is when expense is no consideration. Lace insertion is also used to ornament the frill that finishes the neck and armholes. Serge and tweed are the materials par excellence for school and general hard wear. Bonnets are now so much worn by girls of all ages that we shall see them made of the same material as the frocks in the autumn, and edged with narrow fur end. bows of ribbon; close fitting reefer jackets, that are so suggestive of warmth, will complete this school costume that for cosinc-is cannot be beaten. Little boys wear the sailor suit more than any oilier, though often knickers and a blouse are chosen by mothers. Still there is nothing more suitable and com* forbable than the tweed sailor suit, con* sisting of kilted skirt over knickers, and a blouse with a big sailor collar. The full Garibaldi blouse for boys, is mide of many materials, from flannelette to oashnx're, and also all kinds of linen and cambrics and Chinese silk. RECIPES. Fried Bread.—Out some bread, which, (hough stale, is still light and soft, into fingers half an inch thick, d p them in milk, and let them drain for a white; brush them over with the white of an egg, dredge a little flour over them, and fry them in a Hi tie hot butter. Pile ihem pyramid fashion, in a hot dish, and set ve with gravy. Stale Bread Made Into Rusks For Cheese.— Break the bread into small rough piece.*; clip each piece quickly in and out of cold milk, put them in:o a baking pan, and bake in a hot oven. In u few minutes they will bo crisp, when they aiu-L be turm d out, allowed to get cold, and be put away for use. Crumb Pie.—Ingredients : Gold meat, bread crumbs, salt pepper, and nutmeg, gravy and butler. Mince any kind of cold meat very fine, season to taste, and put into i* pin dish. Put into the dish any grav)' that may be a f - hand, and cover thickly with bread crumbs. Lay small pieces of butter over the top, and bake a nice brown. Serve either hot or cold. Breaded Chicken.—Cut a young chicken in pieces, roll in beaten egg and bread crumbs, season with parsley, pepper and salt. Place it in a pan, lay on each piece of chicken a lump of butter, add a little water, bake slowly, baste often. Dish, and pour a cupful of cream and a cupful 1 of bread crumbs in the pan. Stir and ’ pour over the dish. Celery Soup.—Trim, wash, and cut up three heads of celery, and put them into one pint of boiiing salted water. When it is boiled soft, pres* all lb rough a colander. Turn this into a pint of hot milk that has been thickened by having a tablospoonful of flour smoothed with cold milk cooked in i t. Add' salt and pepper to taste, and a tableapoonful of ; chopped onions (if liked), and, at the Inst f moment previous to dishing up, a table spoonful of butter. As soon as the butter is melted, give the soup a quick and thorough stirring, and serve hot. Tapioca Soup.—Stew a couple of pounds of shin of beef with any scraps of meot, bones, or remnants of. poultry the larder may afford, and flavor nicely with vego tables. A ham bone is always a groat improvement to all soups, or even a piece of lean bacon when the ham bone cannot be had. The vegetables necessary are an onion, carrot, turnip innca, and a bunch of savoury herbs. Also a few clovep, popper and sdt. To all of tho above add about three quarts of water, nnduimmer slowly for six hours, straining tiie scum as' it rises. Strain carefully when done, and add the tapioca—a tea cupful—which is better fine tha n coarse. Strain and servo. Stewed pears tp be really good require very slow cooking, in an earthenware cover jar in the o.you. Select pears of an oven size, peel them carefully,’ witji .the stalks on, place in (he jar in layers, cover with cold water, allowing half a pound of white sugar to each pint of water. When the pears are cooked, till they could bo pierced with a straw, remove them from the syrup, which should bo strained and boiled up, Color tho syrup with cochineal, and pour it over tho fruit. Cheese Omelet,—Boat up two eggs, yolks and wbi'es separately, and season wety >yith pepper ond salt. Place about pno o.ynpe of butter in a pan, and when it is melted and wapnj ; p,o$r in the beaten eggs which have previously raided, stir a little, and then let it cook, Turn op to a hot dish, and put a layer of grated oheese on one half, Fold the other over, and servo immediately, .. : Cornflour Mould,—Boil one pint of milk with strip of lemon peel or a bayleaf. Mix two buncos of cornflour with a little cold milk, taking care to work out every Ipjpp, J?our the boiling milk on to this, and et)p well, pgt #)| back into tho th<‘ flauoepon, iwj uoil'' far spypn jwnptps, stirring all the time, Sweeten to taslp, ond pour into a wetted mould, When quite cold turn out, and serve with stowed plums round or a thin pustard, Bun Loaf.—Take two pounds of bread dough, and sot It to rise for an hour. Then work into it four ounces of currants, four ounces of sugar, two or three ounces of pjeltpd batter, and one well-beaten egg. Put into a well-grouped tin. Let the cake rise again, Bake as for bread, At the Fair. —Spectator— 1 ‘ Call that a dwarf? Why, ho is over five feet high }* Proprietor of Booth— ‘ That is just the moot curious feature about him, lit {dab lie is the biggest dwarf in tho world/ 