Visiting Oarsmen. Bay Pionio: Yesterday. Speeches on Professionalism. Tlio Hon. T. J. Byrnes, Attornoy-Gonoval, and Mr. A.- J. Culltiu. M.L.A., tlio president and ono of tho vice-presidents of tlio Queens land Rowing Association, entertained the com petitors in tlio Intor -Australian uquatin carnival ut a bay piuuio yesterday. Tlio only ubsenteos .among tho invited oarsmen when tlio steamer Lncindu loft town shortly after 11 o'clock wuro Mr. A. E. Lambert, tho Now South Wales Buullor (who left by tlio Ointra on Satur- day, owing to illness m Ins family), and ono or two members of tho Brisbane eight-oar crew, who wero nimble to got nwuy from business. In addition to tlio hosts, the Hon. H. Tozor, Colonial Secretary ; tlio Hon. E. B. Forrest, M.T,.0.; and Mr. J. Muthioson, Cliiof Commis sioner for Railways, wore on bourd. Unfortu nately the day olinncod to bo ouo on wliieli Brisbane gut the first real taste of westerly weather. Even tho southerners of the purty had to admit that tlio wind, though not boisterous, hud a bilo in it. Mild frigidity, however, failed to lower tlio spirits of tlio oarsmen, and n very enjoyable day was spent. The Lucindu steamed ns far us St. Helena, and anchored to the west of tho island. There an excellent cold lunch was served on dock by Mr. Baldwin. After appetites had been satisfied a long toust-list was gono through. Tlio Attorney-General, Maegregor liko, mado tho centre tile head of tho table. His cn-purtnar in providing tlio entertainment, Mr. Calbm, sat opposito him, and tlio Coloniul Secretary had a position which enabled liim to sweep tlio board visually and, ultimately, orally. A loyal beginning wus made by honouring tlio tonst of " The Queen." Tlio Attorney-General, who was received with applause, proposed tlio lienltli of "Tho Visiting Crows mid Soldiers." He said it gave liim very great, pleasure to presido ut tlmt gathering of rowing men and enthusiasts. Three years ago ho laid the pleasure of meeting representatives of tlio rowing men of Australia, and to renew his acquaintance witii some of them, and to make new friends that day, bud given liim cxtrcino satisfaction. Ho thought' they could all join in congratulating themselves and tho rowing 'community of Australia generally on tho satisfactory exhibition of rowiug they , laid had on tlio Brisbane River on Saturday. Personally ho might liuvo wished for a different result to tlio contests, but that after all was only a small thing, so far as tlio great interests of rowing wcro concerned. The Queensland men and their friends from Now South Wales could put up with a beating. So far us Queensland was concerned tliey wero young in rowing, and it might spoil them if tliey had their triumphs at too early a stage of their aquatic curccr. (Laughter.) If the Queensland orcw that rowed on Saturday could ho kept together, future representatives from tlio south would have to keep their weather eyes open or tlio result of the lust raco might bo reversed the next timo tlio eroivs mot. (Hear, hear.) Tilings were not altogether un satisfactory in connection with the meeting on Saturday, but ho thought it was his duty to cull attention to ouo item tlmt they in Queens land wore somowliut responsible for, and that was the great want of punctuality shown. Ho was glud the Press bud taken notico of it, and lie hoped, in tlio interests of rowing, that in all future contests engagements with tho public would be kept us fur us possible, for uftcr all sport depended largely for success oil tlio support the public guvo to it. (Hour, iicar.) Saturday happened to bo a beautiful duy, but if the weather bad boon the reverse of wluit it was, tho uupunetuality would liuvo been u very serious matter. It was the second time in Queensland on which ho and u purty of spectators un tlio Luciudu laid lieon compelled, owing to delay ill getting tlio events off, to return to town without seeing tlio second race. Ho hoped that in future tlio appointed times for starting racos would be faithfully observed. (Applause.) Turning to more pleasant subjects, ho was vory pleased to se.o tlieir friends from tlio south in Brisbane: again Ho was particularly glad to weleomo Mr. Upward, who stood at the head of tho Australian unnitcnr rowing world. IIo congratulated tlio winners of tlio ciglit-onr l-noo most heartily. Ho thought, however, that although Vic toria hud won tlio ruuc, the greatest honour was duo to tlio New South Wales erow — (applause) — and lie would tell them why. On the two occusions on which Now South Wales liud coino to compete in Queensland waters their critical friends had always told tho publio before the race came off tlmt tho crews from Now South Wales hud not tho ghost of a show. On the present occueiuii, if it liud not been for tho uttitudo taken up by Mr. Quist and the loyal support givou to liim by Ills crow, New South Wales would not liuvo token part iu tlio raco at all. (Loud applauso.) And if the Now South Wales crew hud not competed, but had withdrawn ut tlio lust moment, as thoy wore ordered to do by tlieir association, it would have been 0110 of tho. greatest blows rowing ever got in Australia. Ho believed himself it would liavo been a death blow to intor- Australinn contests. Therefore ho suit), all honour to Mr. Quist and his crow, and all respect to them, for thoir judgment in huving arrived nt tlio conclusion tliey did, and carrying out. their decision to row. (Applause.) For himself, bo must say tlmt lie did not think thero was anything at ail in tho point raised by tho Now South Wales Rowing Association. The gentleman in ques tion oumo to Queensland defined by Viotoriu as an amateur, und Mr. Quist and liis crew did tho proper tiling in treating liim ns an amateur. Thoy showed true sportsmanship in noting ns tliey did. Nobody wished mora strongly tiiun iio (Mr. Byrnes) did to preserve to snort its niuutour clmruutcr. Ho bolievod that when sport assumed u professional character it then begun to go un tlio downward grade. Professionalism was followed by tlio bookmaker, and instead of sport being indulged in for noblo purposes it was indulged in for lower purposes. But what was professionalism ? Ho looked with great uoncora on arbitrary definitions of professionalism boing introduced into rowing, lie considered that a professional wus a man who applied his skill for professional purposes. But to suv tlmt a tnuu who swung a hammer in his trade wus to bo olusHcd lis a professional, and tlmt u mini who swung u hammer merely to got into form was an amateur, would bo a purely artificial de finition. (Applause.) .So far us Australia was concorncd they ought to try und ugree 'Upon somo definition tlmt would cover tho wholo country. Thoy ought not to_ took too muoli to wliut was dono in Grout Britain, bo- causc, although tlioy liopod thut Australian mid home crows wuuld somo day moot, tlio prospect of suoli u contost wus a distant one. For many years to como Australian crews would huvo to liieot eucli other only. (Applause.) Mr. O. L. Quist, coaoli and cox., In respond ing on boliulf of Now South ' Wales, said ho never thought for ono moment that his associa tion would rako up tho stand it did. Tho Vio- toi'iun crew hud boon formed' long boforo tlio Now South Wales crow loft Sydney, und if tho association wanted . to tuko exception to uny man in tlio Victorian crow tlioy liud a right to do it before tho crow. loft. (Ap plause.) Thero was no .approved codoof rules governing amateurism and professionalism in connection with iutoriAustruliun eight-oar races, though a code had been drafted. Thoy wore, therefore, obliged to full buck an tlio rule observed iu Now South Wales to recognise us amateurs men who wore regarded as suoh in tlieir own colony. Tlmt wus tlio basis on whioli ho founded liis claim to compote. No doubt his association would cotiBure him, but ho considered that ho would have noted in an unsportsmanlike manner had ho withdrawn his crow from tho raco. , In what ho did ho had been supported by liis orow, und partioularly by Messrs. Pearson und M'Donald. As to tlio raco it was tho finest ho hud over seen, and it was reived over the best courso iu Australia. (Applause.) Messrs. N. J. M'Donald and O. H. Pearson, of the Now South Wales orow, also responded. Mr. Geobok UrwAitD, the Viotorian coaoli, said it had bcon ploasant for him to find that' rowing in Queensland was supported by in fluential gentlemen, and that tlieir support was thoroughly appreciated by rowing men, " Ho, hoped that tho' intera Australian oontoste would always be conducted with' the higlieBt senso of honour, as they had been in tho past. He en tirely agreed with tho remarks made by the ohair- man in regard to tho definition of amateur oars - , men. Go for as Victoria was concerned thoy had understood that each colony wits to row. Us ow amutonrs. : Thoy hiul carried tlilit understand" ing out' strictly unci honourably, ovcry muffin the Victorian crew being on umateiir in Vio- toria. (Appluusc.) Mr. J. -Donald, stroke of tho Viotorian orow,' also returned- thanks, and was warmly ap plauded. ' Tho Colonial- Secretary, on rising to pro pose tho tonst of "Tho Queensland Crow," was hoiirtily greeted.- Ho said thoy might rest assured tlmt in supporting friendly rivalry liotwcon tho Australian colonies iu manly sports the present Government would always render all tlio help thoy oould. (Cheers.) . Ho believed he echoed public opinion .when ho said that ' tho Queensland crow did well. It had to bo remembered tlmt in addition toothordiwidvantagcH, Queens land lind not tho largo population to ehoso from that, thero wits in Now Soutli Wales and Viotoriu. - Ho liud seen many bout races in Queensland nndin tlio inotliorcolony, but novarono that gave liim mora pleasure than thut on Saturday, which was fought out from beginning to end. (Applause.) Mr. de Little, coach of tho Queensland oreiv, in responding, suid ha bclioved thoy rnweil the best raco of the tlireo crows, taking all things into consideration. Tlioy had a bad start and thoy rowed a stern clinsc nil tho way. Ho hoped that next year a South Australian crew would take part in tlio contest. Mr. E. Cololouoh, captain of tbo Queens land crow, suid that with ono oxcoptiou, tho race on Saturday wus tlio liurdcst lio hud rowed in his life. Hon. E. B. Foiuikst, who proposed "Our Hosts," said that as an old heating man he desired to confirm every word tlmt Mr. Byrnes hud said on the point raised by tlio Now South Wales Rowing Association. Tlio Attoiinky- Genehal, in reply, spoke of tlio value of athletics. It was hotter, lio said, to son men onguged in wliolesomo contests requiring bodily skill tiiun to seo tliom study ing politics that I might people to covet tlieir neighbours' goods, ur a courso of literature that tauglit them to oovet tlieir neighbours' wives. IIo urged rowing men lo support the attempt tlmt was being mudo to build up tho foundations of Queensland cricket. Mr A. J. Callan, in reply, expressed his regret at tlio absence of Mr. Charles Millor, of Melbourne. (Applause.) Mr. Quist proposed " Tho Queensland Row ing Association." Mr. ennkst Winter said tlint in 1880 some of the Brisbiuio rowing clubs objected to a crow, of which ho was a member, on tho ground that it contained manual labourers. His own club would not allow tlieiu a boat, bui Mr. George Murk well, then captain of tlio Breakfast Creek Ciub, furnished them with mother bout, and tliey took part in tlio race. They wero censured and suspended, bnt aftor a timo tho penalties were removed and an apology mudo. He hoped thut Mr. Quint would gt;t off even lighter at tlio bunds of his association. Mr. P. Fhankkl, secretary of tho associa tion, also responded, and said tho nssooiutiou was satisfied with tbo way in which tlio Queens land crow rowed. Ho thanked tlio Govorn ment nnd tlio public for tlieir ussistuneo and support. Sir. GEOBOEBAYNESpropcsodtbo lioulth of Mr. Powoll, winner of tlio Amateur Championship Sculling Race, and that gentleman returned thanks. Mr. A. .T. Callan proposed "Success to row ing and kindred amateur sports," und Mr. Utwabd responded. Tlio Lucindu reached town at about half-post 5 o'clock. On tlio journey up tlio river, tho " Owl Club " met in tho social bull, und many of tbo "birds" proved to huvo melodious voices, and in euscs a neat turn of humour. Before separating nt tlio Queen's wharf, the guests gave bourty cheers for Messrs. Byrnes and Callan. 