V .... flovelist. 7 DIANA. (IX TWO PARTS.J . , .i PART I. She was as straight as an Indian arrow, large-limbed Bad tali, with that peculiar- white skin which does not tan nor grow tallow. The first Dinna was not m.ore pro portioned than was this one. A combination a £ masculine strength and feminine beauty — not feminine enough to be wholly woman, nor masculine enough be be wholly man. Her diess was half one and half > - other. A mail's 1) luck slouch bat covered r .fiend, slid n mau's black coat protected her iliotilders ; a petticoat of thick, dark stuff bid the rest uf her down to the ankles of ber boot-shod feet. ' She rode n huge black stallion, a creature ss splendid and fiery and scornful as the icoriitul, fiery, splendid creature that fear lessly bestrode his back. An itnnginntiru theorist might easily have discovered in the dilating nostrils, upllinglng heads, and eyes restless with untnmable de fiance the close kinship of two souls before metempsychosis made one beast nnd one human. She was Dinna ; the horse's name was " Satan." Diana loved Satan nnd Satan loved Dinna. It was thought that neither of them loved any other living tkiag,aad it was a ceituinty that no other living thing loved either of- them. Diana pulled the rein and Satan stopped with one fore-foot uplifted. They looked like a cbony- statued Centaur, liefore thein the sun was setting — sinking, sliding down a little and a little into the futbermost edge of the plain. So sul#y and red and so close to the dead grass it seemed it must set it atire. Behind them the blue, snow-lined wnll of the Sierras reached up to the clouds. Tulare Lake glittered, and glowed, and burned in the red sun-rays until its many- iengue crystal bosom seemed struck by some sudden transforming force of nature, and each .single drop of water changed to diamond. The ebony Centaur let its foot slowly to the ground ; it took oil its slouched bat, its four eyes looked straight into the west. A lltard scampered away, rustling the dry grass with its scaly legs, a squirrel vanished into its hole in the ground, and a jnck- rnbblt paused in its gallop, reared up on its hauncheH, with eyes standing 'inquir ingly up ; its meek, surprised eyes stnred as straight at the Centaur as those of the Cen taur stared into the wcBt. For all other sign of anjmnted existence on the plains these might have been all that in habited them. Lower sunk the sun, higher, and wider, and deeper-tinted spread its glow -, the glory In the west and tlm gray in the east touched edges at the zenith. High over the dimple-glittered, glisten ing, diamond-bosomed lake the armiCB of the sun built pyramids and domes and battle ments of white-fleeced cloudB, in silver and crimson and opal and gold, that tobb and towered aud toppled over into a smoke- girthed amber ocean. The halo of the sky slipped down to the earth aod spread over the hot ground and tho brown dead clover. It crept to the f«ct of the Centaur, and over its black glosBy bide, and stole into the face of the woman. The scorn, the defiance faded out of it, the hard lines of masculine force softened out of it. To meet the glow of a dead day came out the glow of u dead heart. It touched her eyes with ita essence of bouI, and lighted her features with the pureness Of the virtue that has chastened itself in the emclting furnace of sin. The Centaur was transfigured. A bnmil. branched oak — the only tree for miles arouud— stood near; a mnn, followed by a sheep-dog, stepped from behind. He made no noise and was not Been, He was sun-burned, and unshorn, nnd roughly gnr- nicuted. There was an odd twitching of the muscles abuut his mouth, aud as he watched tire process of transformation in the woman's face, its spirit leaped into his own. Without any oonscious volition he reached forth his hands and cried out, " Diana." Was it the reflection of the sunset in her cheeks, or simply returning animation, or did she bear I She touched the rein and Satan bcunued forward, the ebony Centaur was a passive transfiguration no longer. It was ngnin the Bpleudid, scornful, defiant creature, hnting humanity and smiting the earth with con temptuous feot. The man with the sheep-dog looked after ber a little while, then walked slowly away, taking an opposite direo- tion. A voice, both jest and jeer, struck bis ears as he approached the door of the enigmati cal construction burlesqued with the uamo of "House." " See, Bill, will ye, looks like he wns walk- in' home in the shudder of his collin, and IShop sneaks along liko he'd been a-Btealin' sheep.'1 The man, to whom the words were ad dressed, looked out, then dropped his eyes and answered in a lower tone and softer voice jthan the other ; I " Don't Joke him to-night, Brassy, he s in one of his bad ways, I wouldn't won der if ho'd seen that woman again. It's enoqgh to muke one think she's a ghost haunting' hiut the way he looks after he's een'fiett." " Ha'flt be dogoned ; I'd liko to have such a solid igntasmagory a lia'ntin' me. " Stop— be'll hear you." ' I The one who spoke last got up and walked out at the back dour to stop the talk uf the fctbtf. " Well, I'll-bii/'goiiua ; it Tbviis' ns/UiUi-. tkinried about other, people's feeliu's as some people; I'd get mo u, patent outside," mut- ! tered Brassy. " " Tho cause of, the remarks seated himself on, a limb which stuck out of the wood-pilu iu the yard,' took out', Iris ppeketkuife ami com-, menced whittling; 1 "Shore. sign," 'growled' Brassy, ' looking out us he pnBsed back aud forth, cooking supper; "nlluz whittles when. he's.got 'em. Burn my coat if I niu't sometimes thankful for beiu' cuticulnrously tough; but'tlien thein moods, an' touies; an' them 'fine-haired' feel- In's helps n fellow out of lots of cookin'. Who could ax a chap that .looks like lie was , goin' to his owu funeral to make saleintus biscuits, or expect a youngster with the brine so close to.bis eyelids to bile murpbysl Say, Bill, wbat.inakes you. so down In the mouth? Seen a ghost or anything ?", ; ... Bill did'not look up, or slop whittling. , A " Yes, 'I've ' seen a ' ghost'. ' Supper ready ;<'' >' '' ' , " No, but I'vo got her on a-bllln',V choerily answered Brassy, , r : : He was h very home-made philosopher, nnd Archimedes would most' likely have re jected the mathematics of thesoliioquy which : he indulged in. ; " Knock me down with n feather, if liuiunu naturo ain't a hard thing to , cipher but. , 'Now, ther's Bill and Dainty, my partners,' nary one of which ever, recollected lhatgrub hez to; bo, cooked, nnd .nary ;one of .whieb ever forgits to feel tbesyiuptonis of, approach- . in' meal time. But which ever side you git' on, grub'a In the middle, therefore 'splicin' two and two, nnd mnkln' it versus a unknown qualitylwhieb is grub,T find by those ligger-. in' that grub is tho, syntax of. life, in', the result of the chlkcrlntiou js iirassy'hex to cook'it," " ' :' ' 1 ' ' Brassy bad to talk. 1 If he; hnd not anyone else to talk to lie talked to himself. . , They.' were ,a diversified three, that sat. down- to the rough pine tirblo which Brassy Bpread with b flourish against tlie wall! ' ' Moody, reserved.:; BilLi; -child hearted . Daiutv, who had been rechrislened thiiB by. by Brassy because of his slightucss i of stature and fastidious ways, ami the irrepres sible, philosophical, good-natured Brassy, who talked when lie should have, said lioth- ingrjiud said nuthiug when ho should havu talked, and always, hit in tho wrong place. An oddly 'assorted partnership that kept its bleating thousands on that territory of range whoso boundary line was mnrked by its vast lbnesomsness. But in a climate where, the , squirrel, the owl, nnd 'the rattle snake dwelt peacefully in the.same abode, even llicsb three might har monise.' ' "" i ' The moon was full, nnd the men sat out-, Bide of the cdbiuj-'two 'of them taking their after-supper smoke;' ' The mysterious ciiliii of the breezelcss night had put upon them its' spell of. silence. , Bill sat with bowed head, niid'wbittlod" mcchnnicnllv on asmall piece of stove-wood,' nnd Dainty" held a cigarette carelessly be tween his thumb liiiit forefinger, nnd blew- contented little pulfs of smoae away from his mouth. Brassy tugged mid puffed at an old pipe, and watched Bill' from under the rim of his bat. >; Id in . " Bill," snidhe, ".you ought to smoke ; it'd' be a mighty comfort to you; mi' Bave n heap o' good stove-wood." ' Bill's oulynotieo of the remark was to shift cuds of the stick and whittle . vigor ously. Dainty moved, uneasily , aud gave Brassy : a wnniiug glance; but. no warning; glance ever, could .catch Brassy's understand, ing. lie always maintained,, it was. against bis principles to take hints. . ... . " Yes, smokiu' is the timst continuous coiu- fortiu' amusement I know of ; uothiu' 1 ik'c it to put a man in good spcififs, onlcss it's putlin' good spe'rrics in n in'a'ii ; an' stovuV wood in tbis country is mighty hard to get. Yes, Bill, you unglit to take lo smokinh It's palaces, nn' diamonds, nri' 'Nubian steeds to. the poiu man. Course they got up in smoke, but they're his while they're goin'. if yoii'ro hungry, it's a sort of soothment' to the place t's aebtn' for victuals. " It you're iiloiic in "a howl'"!' wilderness it's wife, children, and friends— they go up In smoke, tqo, tine you bare 'em while they're, goin' ; nn it keens tho female sect from lia'ntiu' a lonesome baeue- lor." _ ....... He looked comically at pninly,snd nodded toward Bill.'-' I lie ; ' ' Dainty puckered his brows into a most speaking frown and asked, " Brassy, do you kuow. why you are not like my old kinlef" ' 1 ' " Duuno, (less it's 'cause the knife shuts lip sometimes. .Yes, there's most always some difference between, Ipcojile nnd old knives ; now, there's Bill — — " Dainty jumped up and threw awny his cignrcttc. , , ,: " Boys," said he, " let's take tlie. doga oTcr to the river and tree q wild eat." . Brassy pocketed his pipe immediately. " flight,- me lord, I'm ybiirn when it's wild cats you talk. An' if Bill wants to go, tho triumvirate's agtccd ; if he dou|l— — , 1 He may. sigh to-tbe- winds, to' the- God dess Diaua, ; But bis days they will. end on the. Isle of St. Helena'.'" Ho. Bang the, lines, of, .the old-fashioned, long-out-of-date song In a most unmusical voice, and it might have been the. melody that made Bill Blnrt so 'suddenly; that fie> overturned the stool, on which, he.. sat ; it might have been, the moonlight tlml made him pale. Dainty liuslcned to, interpose, . with the suggestion that if lliey were going ' they had better start. He could not have told why ho thought Biussy'e insinuating nonsense would give jiain to iiiii, or in what mauifer it could jniiu lilui,; " ho wns duo of those jieculinr imU.res 'thiit' knew nameless things by intuition.' Ho did mot! euro for wild .cat hunting, but .,knciy sprawling, about in the river bottom, trying. to scare up " varniints," wna one'.of Brassy's weaknesses. Beside, there were few "diveisions to break' the monotony of theshcep'-herdeis'existence, even though there wero. three of them, and. they herded their own flocks nnd rodo their own horses. It has been said jocularly of- sheep-herd; ing, - iv. " It takes but . three months to, turn tho strongest brain." The saying had a good foundation, more especially if tho tjmu were summer; Think of a human being, endowed with the . altri-, butcs of divinity, set down on .those, . vast plains to follow, day after day, h thousand head of bleating sheep— sbeep are always bleating ; day utter day to see tbu sun'rise; red and sultry, to sliinu ull day through a, cloudless, changeless sky uu a ehanguless,, brown, miiage- gliiuiiieriiig landscape, , aud , sink out of sight, red and sultry,'at eve'. 'To- near, night after night, ibc west wind—' always the west wind — blowing jits .ursery,, music, and the howl of the prowling coyote,, eight after uight the same sounds, pay after' day the same scenes, his cbmpunionshiji'tbe lizznrd and tlie horned-toad — always follow-1 ing round and round that thousand bend of bleating sheep., , . ; , i The nioou wns lilgli, op in the, sky when they reached the' tirabef'bf 'the'.Hvcr,' which was about thrco' milus i fronn their camp. p . , 'if ;-j i.'j'Jj I " Boys," again snjd Dainty, " I.in.spinphow sorry 1 asked you to'cqine 'to-night'; 'I fqer like something was going to1 happen, and that wo ought to get out on here as quick asi we can.1 ; . , - ,,i ' - r.ni-i ,u "Oh, gosh. Dainty, your fee|in's is too, close to' the utiiioBpliere. '' M'liat you 's'posq' could happen? 'Tliilik Goaqulti Marietta er' Three-fingered .lack's a luxuriatin' in.tlni shudders of thu utulerhnmli, scented our money-pocket' all' layin far usj iis .it were ?" ' " Bill smiled at this, it was so ridiculous,' nnd Daiuty said no more of his undefined fear. ,' An hour, two hours, throe, of tramping, aud not a wild caj was amiablo enough to tree and be killed, much to .Brassy's di«- gust. Tired out, they started jiojue. " Listen, don, l you bear a curious sound! laid Dainty. All of them stopped aud listened, hut only tor a moment, ' " Merciful Ood I" shouteu urussyi "run forli. your lives, It's the river overilowcd I" - , , 1 They sprang -forward and tan with much ipeed in spite of brush, and briars; audiuiaiiy,., Khmbliugs." V,-:. >; If we could only get to the Blougk fust,,,,, o anted Brassy; < . The dry bed of tho slough was ..only , a tew,:, hundred . feet beyond, but a wail of .water;., higher' than their bends was rolling. dowii ., with terrible swiftness upon h them. .Tlie, water f rom , tho. , river overtook them and' , lapped around their feet ,ahd|iip, to", tb'tir waists. It wns useless' now, to try ra reacli' the slough,; impossible to cross' it if tliey could, thut crackling muflled roar was' toll' near. T'heyvwere between two floods "if ivns a moment to act without deciding. With ' one accord Bill and Brassy cnugbt Daiuty and , hoisted biin'into the forks of ii" large .sapliug, by the side of whieb they stopped, and scudded'-uji after '"him! "'A - miuute later they were in the midst of iz - mile-wide waste of .fast-rising 'water, ''lie- hind thein was tho terrible, swift,-' rolling'- river, whoso head wns in the heart of the eternal snows ; before theuTtbo Blougli,'over - ivhlcb they had walked -dry-footed three . hours before; rolled another riyerf'swift,- llowlng, muddy, ico-.oold,' ' laud - deadly deep, 1 ' . ! '' -' ' 1 l'be sapling swayed and bent with their, weight, sometimes" dipping them into: the.; chiltiug water, and shook and shivcrud tp iu;, topmost twig when some flouting object . lodged against it. - . . lii.-.u. f. .-"-!« « Hlghor rose the flood nnd awsthed their , soaked garments about tbcm,; it was so, cold —so cold clinging; -aud the uigbt so balmy and , wnrui, nnd the moonlight, |io,;isp, ft , and, so,, beautiful. , '' " l'urtnei?," B.uid Brassy,, reckon, we re euch'ered this time." ,, " Jioo'rs like it," responded .Bill, " and I'm,, qulto .willing," ..i <;i ol' " Well, then, yoa'rii, the .fust man I ever . saw tbnt wa. ready for ruin.' ' Coiirae' ive'd liiiv to, swing out somo day, nriilrownln';.' tliey siiy, is a casydcath ; but tobe'drovvhded like a partel of treed squirrels disagrees with' sue. I might 'a' kuoived 'these' hot 'days, 't's cooked tho grass dry enough to ninku yeiist- powders', 'd mult, the snow nil'1 bring down n flood; Tes,; I've lived nlfch tho riverlldng enough to bu n-lopkin' out; for -a tiling like" this, Ail' I deserve a sonki'u1 fer beiii' so oo-; tlioiigbted, but ! don't like to bo diowndcd lllrn a miserable squir'l." - 1 ku. (raiiT n wiu, ArPKAii tx. otiu.xEXT.Jji - , . 