'Hagna «*t vtrltat et protvaleblt.' WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 21, 1890. Local and General. No. 5 Starr-Bowkett Society.— The Bale of ^200 last evening was purchased by Miss Jane Pearse, of Perth, at a premium of £52. The Singing Evangelist. — Mr. A. F. Fisher's force as a singer is now well known in Bathurst, he having conducted service! in the Baptist Church for several weeks, and created a favorable impression on many of his hearers . To-morrow even ins Iia will aivm a nrinp^rfr in ttici 'Rarhfrict i Church when he will produce a first-clas* programme. We understand that in large centres of population Mr. Fisher has drawn large audiences, and he is anticipating 1 such to-morrow evening. ' 1 Charge of Insanity. — The woman ] ' Phoebe Byard wai brought up on remand j I this morning on a charge of being of un 1 1 sound mind. The woman had been under j medical observation for a week and Dr. 1\. Bassett said he could not detect any signs \- of insanity. The husband, a man color, was in court with a young ' child about two years of age, and the Police Magistrate laid he could do nothing 1 * but discharge ner and hand her over to ') j her husband. The unfortunate woman 1 then left the c urt carrying her child but X I apparently in dread of her husband. j ' I Bathurst Fire Brigade Board. — The 1 annual meeting of the Bathurst Fire I Brigade Board was held, on Monday, \- when the Secretary, Mr. W. H. Ashwortli, I presented his financial statement. It was * shown that the expenditure had bean kept' I 1 well within the income, and a balance of h' £35 I03 II(* is carried forward. The re ceipts amounted to £358 9s id, and the ' expenditure £322 18s ad. The members ! of the Board and officers deserve praise i for the economy exercised. In order to , avoid expenditure they had met only ; when absolutely necessary and often held informal meetings when anything unj ' important needed consideration. One 1 gratifying point in the report is 1 that the insurance offices are now contributing liberally in support ilj of the Brigade, and actually doing more : than their share. While the Council and : j Government each paid £77 the Insurance f offices contributed ^'106. The position of , \ the Brigade now was such that the Board \ I hope, after this year, to bo able to impose 1 t the minimum rate. Captain Butcher's ' . report gave a detailed account of the work done under his command. There had been 1 remarkable freedom from fires during the . \ year, only six reports being made. The 1 greatest loss sustained in any one of these 1 - was £65, ffhile ochers ranged down to I almost nil. The Board congratulated the ' j, Captain and the Brigade on the report, 5 ' and it was resolved that the details should Jl be printed and published. ! A Somnambulist.— In the dark hours I 1 of Sunday morning a week ago, says the ! i Hobart (Tas.) Mtrcttyy, a young man was [ wending his way homewards past the dis 1 used burial-ground in Campbell- street, l , when he saw a tall, white-robed figure 1 j stalking among the tombs, He. did not run away, but ' went for *' the ghost, only ] to find it was a young woman in her robe ' - , de chambre, and in a sound sleep 1 While j meditating as to what was to be done, he 1 | was made aware of a man similarly ;!! attired, who asked him his business in a L| ? rather gruff sort of way. Explanations ?}? - followed, and it came out the ghostly look ,1 I ing figure was the wife of a respectable 1 i f artizan, who, missing her from bis side, , , 1 rose from his bed arr.i went to look for her, I and found her wandering in the gloomy I necropolis. . ; 1 i !4t M? ?; Protection League. — From an ad vertisement in another column it will be seen that a meeting is called for to-morrow night in the Town Hall for the purpose of forming a Protection League in Bathurst. Stock Export. — Private advices have been received in Adelaide stating that 95 ; sheep ex Echuca realised £*i75, and eight bullocks £190, being an average of 36s iod for sheep and £23 15s for bullocks. Application for Music and Dancing. — The application of James Matherson mads this morning to the Police Magistrate for music and dancing at his hotel George's Plains on the. 23rd instant was granted. Market Sale..— Messrs. E. H. Taylor and Co., announce the usual weekly sale at the markets to-morrow, when, in ad dition to other produce, etc., which will be submitted, several tons of prime potatoes will be oftered. Serious Loss. — A pair of carriage horses, owned by Mr. Alderman Milson, of Bellambi, strayed on to the South Bulli Colliery's tramline on Saturday, and were run over and killed by the engine. The animals were valued at about £50. Export of Wheat.— It is reported that wheat: buyers intend to purchase largely in Riverina this season for export to Eng land, and many farmers are considering the question of shipping wheat for London themselves direct, via Melbourne. Hay for Bourke.— Some of the Blay ney produce merchants have been truck ing bay for the Bourke district to feed sheep on, which shows the disastrous effects of the dry winter in the West. There will be grass enough after the late rains. A Long Illness.— The Rev. J. T. Evans, who lost his leg at Wyalong, underwent another operation yesterday at the Sydney Hospital. Dr. Chisholm operated, and has done much to secur* a prospect of ultimate recovery. Mr. Evans has now borne two amputations and three other- operations, consequent upon the state of the leg v/hen he was admitted to the Sydney Hospital. An Early Settler. — A wire from Ade laide says : — Old George Bates, the oldest colonist of South Australians dying in the destitute asylum. He is the same age as the centurv. He ran away from a whaler in 1826, and made his home with some white companions of Kangaroo Island, where they led a wild life fighting with the blacks on the mainland and carrying off young girls to stock their ebony harems on the island. When the first regular Bettlers landed at Nepean Bay ta 1836 they found Bates and his comrades there,' clothed chiefly in kangaroo skins. Progress Association. — The annual meeting of the Progress Association which wa» announced for last evening lapsed through paucity of attendance. No doubt the inclement weather had something to do with this, but it does seem a matter for regret that such a small amount of interest is now being shown in an association which for several years did good work in the city. We believe that all that is re quired to revive this interest is for the in dividual members to exert themselves and endeavour to obtain additional subscribers. There are many citizens who would gladly consent to be enrolled, and if the number of subscribers was materially increased there would be a greater interest taken in the election of officers. The ad journed meeting will be held next Tues day evening. A special meeting of the committee will be held to-night when the question of the advisability of estab lishing a Benevolent Asylum in Bathurst will be discussed. This is a question of importance and as some of the gentlemen are prepared with a scheme there should be a full attendance of members. 