FICTION. The Supernatural. It was circuit time, and, in accord ance with a custom which had always beea scrupulously observed, the two judges were diniug with tbe two mem- bers of toe bar attached to that par ticular circuit. As it happened, the conversation turned not on legal topics, but on the influence of the supernatural on the human mind in every day life. Speaking for myself, said Mr Jus tice Keswick, a dapper, self-complacent little maa with a very unmusical voice, I believe none of us ever bestow a thought on the other world while we are engaged in our ordinary affairs. That has been my experience, too, said Mr Bulstrode, Q.C., a stout, pugnacious-looking man, who had the reputation of bullying witnesses un mercifully. I must confess I never bestowed a thought at ordinary times on anything but the solid world around us. "With all respect, I must differ in opinion from two such eminent authorities, said Mr Strood, acompara- tively young man, with a broad un- wrinkled brow, who was beginning 'to make his mark as a prisoner's advocate. It seems to me that in spite of our selves, and, though we don't ' like to admit it, we are influenced by the supernatural in every action of our lives. That is a very sweeping proposi tion, said Mr Justice Keswick, scepti cally. There's truth in it, for all that, said Mr Justice Bland, a fine-looking, middle-aged man, with clear cut fea tures that reminded one of the face of (Jtesar on an old ltoman coin. If you feel ill or depressed, you begin to fear that you have not long to live and you ask yourself, ' Where shall I go if I die to-night ? If you are unexpectedly successful in anything you have under taken, you say to yourself, ' Luck was on my side,' meaning, of course, that Providence or some power outside yourself assieted you. If you are go- iner on a long iournev, vou hope you will not meet with an accident. What does that mean but that your destiny is in the hands of a higher Power, whether you call it nature, Fate, or God. You hare given us a charming little metaphysical lecture, Bland, said Mr Justice Keswick ; but, pray don't misunderstand me. I am not posing as a Materialist — I hope I am a toler ably orthodox Christian— but I merely wished to say that we — at least, most of us — are uot affected iu ordinary life by what George Eliot calls ' other worldliaess." I am afraid, rejoined his brother Judge; you have never, my dear Kes wick, analysed your own mental con dition sufficiently to be able to decide whether tbe supernatural has really affected you or not. My oonfontion is not that we ought to- believe ghosts or that such a belief is rutioucXl Indeed, the worst ghosts are thosejJJ created by the imagiuetiou, aud I-ean' easily understand what Coleridge meant when, on being asked whether j j- he believed iu ghosts, he said he had;!/, seon too many to believe in sncb yjL things. % What, then, do you menn ? said Mr,, f. Justice Keswick, with a half- sneer ami. iu a harsher tone than usual. ' I mean, replied Mr Justice Bland, with a certain quiet earnestness thac jS could not fail to impress his listeners, i.jt that we can't get rid of thoughts about !i;.: the world beyond the graves. Putting j1.; avide the vexed questions as to. !. whether spirits are eveu seen on earth, ; we must face the fact that wc have all " to die. There, as someone says in some of Shakespeare's plays. 'The sense of death is most in apprehen- ) sion. _ Yes, interposed Mr Bulstrode, who considered himself strong in Shake- |j sperian quotations, the passage occurs . | in ' Measure for Measure.' It is in | the prison scene between Claudio . | and Isabella, where she says to her ? brother — | " Darest tliou die 7 ' i | The sense of death is most in apprehen :i$jr eion, And the poor beetle that we trcaii Upon . In corporal sufferance. S.«ds a pang as great... ..-As 'Shan a giant dies. !, I am afraid, my dear Bland, that does uot assist you much, said Mr Justice Keswick. It merely refers to the fear of the physical pain attendant on earth. | If we are to settle the question by Shakesperian quotations, observed Mr Strood, we can find many passages showing that the great dramatist bad a weakness for ghosts. We have the ghoBt of Hamlet's father, whoBe genuineness Hamlet is made to vouch j for, if the hackneyed words — ' There i are more things in heaven and earth, I Horatio, than are dreamt in your philosophy ' — are to have apy signific ance. Then there is Bauquo's ghost " in ' Macbeth,' and in ' Julius Caesar we find Caesar's gboBt appearing to Brutus before the battle of Philippi. Ay, and there are also the spectres that terrified Kichard III., broke in Mr Bulstrode, impatiently. But we must not assume that Shakespeare be lieved in the existence of ghosts. He may have intended to convey that these so-called ghosts were merely subjective creations and not actual phenomena, Iu King Richard's case the apparations were evidently seen in a dream, as his subsequent interview with Ratcliff proves : and Brutus at tributes the illusiou to the ' weakness of his eyes.' Let us deal with the matter prac tically, said Mr Justice Bland. I don't care a straw for mero theory or for the fancies of any poet, no matter how great, when dealing with a subject like this. To show you that even strong-minded are deeply impressed by the supernatural, I will just tell you a little story which has the merit at loast of being true. His three auditors sipped their wine and looked all attention. Mr Justice Bland went on : — (To be continued .) 