! THE PEASANT :POETS OF SCOTLAND." -4--- A LECTURE, interspersed with songs, having the above title, was given in the Mechanics' Institute, on Monday even. ing, under the auspices of the North Williamstown .Presbyterian Church, and was well attended. The chairman, Rev. John Caldwell, opened proceed ings with appropriate remarks, intro ducing the lecturer, Rev. Alex. Marshall, of Scot's Church, Melbourne, who called upon Miss Murray for the song, "0 O sing tb me the Auld Scotch Sangs." Rev. Marshall '.began by stating that poetry more than history revealed the early records of a nation. Scotland possessed more.peasant poets than any other country, and this was accounted for by the fact that the gentry left Edinburgh to live in London, thus naturally leaving the composers of poetry to come from the lower classes. Allan Ramsay would be the first peasant poet brought before the audience. His father, who was in the employment of Lord Hopetoun, an ancestor of our late Governor, died when Allan was quite young, thus throwing him on his own resources. At 15 years of age he was apprenticed to a wigmaker, and in 1721 published his first volume of poetry, making 400 guineas in that effort. He' both made moneysand ki pt it, opening,a theatre, but owing to the adverse feeling at the time gave it. up. .He died; in 1758. As a specimen of his poetry, Miss Isabel White sang " Farewell to Lochaber." The piper then made his appearance and played several selec. tions, being received with tumultuous applause. An account of Robert Burns was then given. His father was named William Burness, after wards shortened to Burns, and was a gardener. When his son was. 16, he took a farm, having the chief charac teristics of a Scotchman--that of always, pushing on in the world. Robert's principal poems were taken from the surroundings of his early life on the banks of the Doon. Miss Morrell here gave "Ye Banks and Braes." Burns received a liberal education; but it was a mistake to think that his education furnished his ability to write poetry, as it was born in him. His ideas were in a great measure taken from ghost stories,which were told to him by a, servant. He was only a boy when he first attempted poetry, composing a poem about his love for a bonnie lass-his companion in the field., When, 18, -his father moved from Mount Oliphaint to Loch lea, but was not successful, so young Robert commenced as a flax dresser. Mr Robertson sung " O a' the Airts," which referred to Robert Burns' wife, "Bonnie Jean." Owing to financial difficulties, the poet made arrangements to leave Scotland for the West Indies, but was stayed by receiving a letter asking him to go to Edinburgh where he was assured successs. He was then welcomed back to his farm as a famous poet. In 1789 he entered the excise, and this, together 'with his attention to his poetic compositions, made him give up farming and. go to. Dumfries, where he died at 37 years of age. Song, "A Man's a Man for a' that," Mr Melville. :James Hogg, known as the " Ettrick Shepherd," was next to Burns in prominence. He was 26 when he began.to write, verses,'- composing ieceso~, the hillside, when: minding sheep. He? received as wages, besides his meals, a pair Of shoes and a lamb every, six months. The "Jacobite Relics" was perhaps his best work. He made large sums of money by .his poems, but lost it all in sheep farms, dying in poverty. The bagpipes then again delighted the audience with its peculiar,strains. An encore was in sisted on from Miss Owen for "Cam ye by Athole.", Mr Phillips rendered " When the Kye comes Hame." Robert Tannahill was a weaver, and' brought out his first poems in 1807. He drowned himself in a paroxysm of insanity caused by his troubles about the producing of his poems. One of his best efforts was ".Jessie, the Flower of Dumblane," which required an en core from Miss 'Morrell. Robert Gilfillan was born, in humble circum stances. His 'most touching poem, was to the'lecturer's mind, " O, Why left I my Hame," which was sung by Miss Murray. 'James Ballantyne was- the last peasant-poet- referred: to. When 10 years old he had to make his living at painting glass. As a representation of one of his works, Mr Phillips sung " Ilk'a Blade 'o' :'Gias."? A vote of thanks to.the Rev. Alex.' Marshall for his instructive lecture was proposed by Mr Russell and seconded by Mr Scott. The evening's 'enjoyment then ter minated in truly Scottish fashion by singing "'Auld Lang Syne." 