CHURCH INTELLIGENCE. The anniversary services of the Parkside Primitive Methodist Sabbath-school were held on March 10 and 11. In the morning Miss Vincent and Miss Cummins conducted the service. In the afternoon the service of song; "Golden Flitch," was given by the choir and children, assisted by others. The interesting story was well read by Miss Janet Sutherland. The evening service was conducted by the 'Rev. R. J. I)addow, who gave an address on •'Christ's attitude towards children." The Hinging of the children, who were trained by Mr. D. Leak, Miss Winwood presiding at the organ, was much appreciated. A fair number gathered to the tea on Monday, but many persons were prevented attending through tns rein at the time of the tea. After the tea the service of song, "Golden Flitch," eras re peated. The chair was taken by the superin tendent, Mr. J. E. Robinson, and the annual report was presented by the secretory, Mr. C. Arney. On Sunday, March 10, harvest thanksgiving services were held in the Enfield Wesleyan Church wheu throe appropriate sermons were preached, those in the morning and afternoon by the Rev. J. G. Jenkins, and that in the evening by the Key. W. A. Bainger. The services were continued on Monday oveuing, when the Boy. W. A. Bainger delivered a lecture on '-Steps toward manhood," which was both interesting and instructive. Several anthcni? were well rendered by the choir, and a song by Miss Bertram was much appreciated. Mr. W. ,G. Lewis presided at the organ. Mr. J. Clark occupied the chair. Anniversary services in connection with the Semaphore Wesleyan Sunday-school were con ducted last Sunday morning and evening by the Rev. T. A. James, of Port Pirie; and at a children's service in the afternoon Mr. J. R. Thrum presided. Special singing was given by the church choir and scholars. Mr. P. SatibomotEciatedasconductor, Mr.P. P. Plum mer played the organ, and Miss Mead accom panied on the inano. A solo, "What is heaven," rendered by Miss C. Fail-weather, was much appreciated. On Tuesday evening a nublio meeting was held in the church, at which Mr. VV*. Lathlean, the Sunday-school superinten dent, presided. Addresses were given by the chairman (Mr. J. E. Thrum), the Rev. J. C. Hill, and the Rev. Isaac F. Row, secretary of the Anglo-Indian Evangelisation Society, who has recently arrived in South Australia, Musical selections were contributed by the scholars. Mr. R. Wilkinson (secretary)read the balance-sheet and report. The former showsd die receipts for the year to have been 1M514a. Id. and the expenditure £38 os. 9d., leaving a balance in hand of £7 1%. 4d. The report stated that the number of scholars on the roll was 333—178 girls and 155 boys, being an in crease on the previous year of 32. The average attendance had been 108. A Sunday-school visitation committee appointed during the year had visited the homes of scholars who, through distress, bad remained absent from the school. Some of their wants had been re lieved by money subscribed voluntarily by the scholars in better circumstances. The anniversary of the Ovingham Wesleyan Church was celebrated on Sunday. The preachers were Mr. Bra 7 and the Hon. F. W. Holder. On Monday evening tea was taken and a meeting followed. The chair was occupied by Mr. A. W. Ralph. The Rev. P. C. Thomas reported that the income—£67—had been ex pended, and that £10 Lad been paid off die debt. Addresses were given by Messrs. XL J. Pearcc and J. Harry. The choir gave selec tions. Them was a good attendance. On Tuesday evening the Rev. G. E. Wheatlev lectured in the Brompton Wesleyan Church on "Ghosts, or fallacies that frighten anti-njbrms." There was a. good attendance, and the Rev. P. C. Thomas presided. Miss A. K. Stephens sang "'Aye Maria"and Mr. J. & Gunn "The gift, 11 and Mr. T. J. Bishop was the organist. 