1,1 KK IX BAliLVUI'M. JIAI ; NTK1> MEN. The rnge of JUssrs. Doyle and Carroll on discovering tlic trick played upon tlmm ljv Shiuin was great in the extreme. " 33ad lurk to him, tlio tbunderin' villain!" cried Mr. Cm-roll, stepping out »t tin; limit, mid shivering in the raw 1 morning ;ijr. •• He licvins, I'll lwvo his sacred life,so 1 will!'' cried Mr. Doyle. nlso stepping on to the bunk. " This puts the cap on nil liis sloothcrm". so it does!" " ~\Vu']l innHL'dintely go and lodge information ag'in him >vi:l Sergeant Cuffer, an' IIHVC him lodged into gaol!" said Mr. Carroll. " This is a most disgraceful an' disbolira.1 outrage on two gintleniin iv standin' an' rcspectibilityl" " lv course it is," declared Mr. Doyle. " An' who knows hut we rosy both ketch our death iv cowld !" " lie the holy fanner, I'll get him si* months 1" exclaimed Mr. Carroll; " an' that at wanst." " Vis, an' wid hard labour, too,'' added Mr. Doyle. And after breakf«5t<-liour down the two worthies went to the barracks anil stated their ciisn to tlio sergenut. "Ha!" exclaimed the latter. "I've liiid a rod in pickle for that boy for some considerable time. There's ne'er a day pnsse« vidout me heavin' complaints regardin' his goin's on ail' capers." "An, thin, faith, he'll cod we 110 more wid impunity!" declared Mr. Doyle. " Nor me aytlior!" said Mr. Carroll. " Well, yis both hereby lodges information agin hiin, an' impowers inc for to arrest him '!" said the sergeant. "\Ye do most implicitly," answered Mr. Carroll. '• Fol' actin' will malaee praypivre an' imposition, likewise bodily injury," added Mr. Doyle. " Very good," said the sergeant, " I'll arrest liiin at wanst." About ail hour afterwards the sergeant, accompanied b.v one of liis men, started for tile Codev residence. Shaun probably either heard of or suspected the intended visit, for iie was on the watch ; and the instant lie heard tlie police outside, whispered for a few moments in his father's ear, aud then slipped out by the back door. When he had gone, old Shamus opened tlie front door. •* I want your son," said the sergeant. *' Very good, sur," answered Shamus. " Weil," sind him out here," continued the sergeant." "Sind who out?" asked Shainus. " your son," don't I tell you," exclaimed the sergeant, impatiently. " Me son ?" '•Here, git out iv the way 1" and the sergeant, fuming with anger, entered the cottage, leaving the constable to guard the door. He searched all over the three rooms, and at last asked, in tones of exasperation : "Where is he?" "Wlio?" asked old Shamus, calmly smoking his pipe. •' Your son." •• Oh, me son! Oh, begorra, lie's gone oil si walk towards tlie say." "An' why didn't you say so before, you onli3 peltera?" cried the sergeant, beside himself with anger. ^ " 'Cause you didu't ax uie,' answered the old man* At this moment the constable looked in. and said, " I tee Sbann, sur." " "Where is he, the villain ?" cried the sergeant, rushing out. And there, abouta hundred yards along the road, stood Sliaun, kissing hands to theia. . John Codev, I call upon you 111 tlie Queen's name to surrinder to me!' bawled tlie sergeant. " Ah I you're only jolrin'! called back the sleveen. " Come, come, none iv this goin'is ou! shouted the sergeant, walking quickly towards hiin. " If you want we you'll have to ketch me!''called Shauu.VitJj n laugh, as he ran off. Full speed ran tlie sergeant and con stable after him, aud ere long pursued and pursuers reached the sea. Shaun allowed tlieni to gel close to him, then with a rusli he jumped :MQ file water aad ewmi some distance out. "Comeback, come back!" roared the sergeant. "If you're drownded, don't blame me!" " Yis, but I will blame you! bnaun called back. "An' I'll haunt you iver more!" At this the sergeant and the constable turned white, while the latter said, " Begorra, BUT, tliis is a bad business, so it is!" And as he spoke Sliaun Began swim, ming out to sea. "Come back! Come back, Shaun »,grail 1" called the sergeant. "Come back, avick! Shure, I'll not touch you!" But Shaun did not hear them. And as the sergeant and his companion stood lacking at him, lie suddenly threw up txiih hands and disappeared I" " Holy Moses! he's gone down!" cried the constable. "Lord save me sowl! send the sergeant, shaking like a leaf. " Come back at wanst, until I report it! Oh, murder I murder! This is a terrible business 1" Back tliey hastened to the barracks and in another hour the news spread nil over the town that Shaun Codey was drowned. Great was the excitement, you may be sure. As for Messrs. Doyle and Carroll, they botli were frightened. " They'll blame us for it all I said Mr, Doyle to his friend. "Yis," answered the latter, wouldn't wish it for fifty pounds. We'll both be boycotted!" " Lookit liere,' said Mr. Doyle; let me an' you go up to old Shamus an' give him five pound apiece." j' yjs—let us go at wanst," said Mr, Carroll. „ „ , And away both went to old Codey, wlio looked thfc picture of misery. " We're rate sorry for your loss," said Mr. Doyle. " That we are," adde/} Mr. Carroll. "Ochone! Ochone!" sighed the old Mr. Doyle. , "1 always had a regaled lor ium, added Mr. Carroll. "Ochone J Ochonel" sighed the aid man. " Allow me frind an* me to make so imwld as to strive an' alayviate your loss wid tin pound," said Mr. Doyle. _ " Jist to aise your mind a bit," added Mr. Carroll. Here both handed old Oodey five pounds. "Thank yiz both kindly, OchoneI ochonel" said the iold man. And <0 they left him. Meantime it was decided to want until the tide was out ere searching for the jiody. And when evening came, and water had rwded, leaving acres and acres of yellow sand, some hundreds of pnoplr were there. But no truer of Shami's liod.v was found, >:o it wa« derided that it must hn\c been carried away •with the tide. That night the sergeant visited the Shamrock. Tlio bar was deserted, and Mr. Doyle was sitting in gloomy thought. " Isn't this a terrible business ?" he exclaimed, as the sergeant entered the bin-. " What lued you go an' drive him into the suv ?" " Here, don't you begin hargin' me, | like oil the rest," cried the sergeant. " What med you an' Mr. Carroll come an' ax 1110 to arrest him ? It's yous that's to blame, not me." " Arra.li, what are you tttlkiii' about, man asked Mr. Doyle, turning white. •• Are you mad ?" " No, I'm not mud, be no manner iv nmnos !" said the sergent. " Wait till the mcpiist is held, an' thin you'll sec who's to blame !" At this moment something caused them both to look towards the door. There stood- ilie figure of A'Actunl With a yell of terror both rushed out through the back door and along the road, while the figure rushed after them! Blinded by their awful fright, tliey rushed straight ahead, never minding how liiey wove going, it was a very dark night, and so it happened that both got ton near the side ditch. In an instant the awful ligure closed upon them and shot them into that ditch, which was then three feet deep in mud. When at length they got out, tiiey ere simply pillars of mud. More dead than alive, they reached tlie Shamrock. Kelly and Miss O'Reilly were in the bar, and "had the audacity to scream with laughter. " How dor' yez laugh at your master?' demanded Mr. Doyle, through a mask of raud. It's bad enough to lie chased by HIT aun's ghost!" added the sergeant. At this there was another laugh, and in the midst of it all Mr. Carroll rushed in, livid with rage. •' The thunderiu' villain !" he roared. An' we war the fools to give his father tin pound ! Oh ! I'll explode 1" " What do you main ?" asked Mr. Doyle, while Miss O'Reilly nearly died with laughing. What do I main ?" echoed Mr. Carroll. " Why, Sliaun is not drownded at all, at all, bad luck to him'." What 1" cried Mr. Doyle and the It was all a bit iv his coddin'," continued Mr. Corroll. " He floated low, wid jist liis nose an' mouth above water, till the sargint an' constable wint away. Then he swam in an' wint home be the fields. He jist met me now, an' towld me he was after frightenin' the sowls out iv yiz both !" " Here,' cried Mr. Doyle to Miss O'Reilly, " for tlio love iv Kevin give us somethin' to drink!" 