JI- 1DSTBALIAH Mm TREE. B¥ FRANCIS MYERS. -NOW. FIRST PUBLISHED— ALL . RIGHTS RESERVED. CHAPTER XVI. ... , All around Mirrin'dong the country was' marvellous, fresh : and " green. July is the:' true spring month -there, - when grass shoots and buds spring and birds;: are/ nesting and young lambs plkyihg, ;when shearers are 'making thrdpgh, for: northern stations - by ones, apd twos /and' tens and scores, when horsd: teams and bullock.-drivers aria /"following' on their tracks, 'and there- , is , more than a little life along 1 iher/busli .foads .by: 'day," and , many' a fire; ;twinkling about water-: holes ' pud "timber beljb's'-; by night. 'Twist '. Mirrindong and -Dubbo'tis a rbiliiig -country, lightly timbered . with ; box, .but- with occasional . salt- bush' flats ..and sand ridges, closet) ;'.i"-J?.ith the , pliye . . . green . p|aeandniergrpwtli blosso.njihg scrub/ ""Skirting; the- scrub,, and in places creeping into the timber, is a- carpet of . wild-thyme, very, fragrant and. sweet and . beautiful when, -in:the afternoon; ' the setting sun streams through myall and wilga, and strikes beneath the balah or tho pine.' On a calm and sunny July afternoon there . is, indeed, on the western slope of any one of these; ridges a peace which passes all under- . standing, a sentiment which comes on- the solitary traveller like an influence from the unseen world. The, light is large, palpable j its presence' ' is; felt like an actual material substance ; the stillness" seems almost: supernatural,. You may well imagine . the world awaiting for a mystery. Rut how is that silence broken when suddenly the wanderer 'comes- on a sundowners, a "shearers, a hawkers' camp. Not once/in ten thousand-times shall you &id; a trace of sentiment, of. romance, of, appreciation of ' beauty about any one . of ';tliem. The sun downer w-ill' whine -for- bacoy like a blackfeilow j/-$lie; shearer - will talk' flash slang , 'and' "swear by" the Holy: Ghost, never .'thinking: ;ho w / closely, the incomprehensible / presence he' blasphemously 'invokos'-surrounds- and enfolds him/, ' And ' the ' hawker - will" bustle up-if-L there -is- -the- -slightest? chance of /business, keen as a Cheap John holding/ a city auction; - , . ; But wbo were thoso sitting beneath a myall /-on'ivth'e Uedge ' of - 'a- patch of flower caji .'t#hll'?vwithin the' timber though ohfixft phains frpra the main track? > 1' They might-'be anything. The night before they had seemed to fit into their surroundings better, .'for then' they had stood on the bridge which crosses the Macquarie at. Dubbo'S,.Th0 darkness 'of a clear but moonless night was all around j tUej... gum trees on , the river i banks', were: black as the I 'smoke"' which issues at times from a steamer's funnel; beneath them a t great crop of the spotted thistle showed monstrous and ghostly. The voice of the river deep down within its banks was scarce percep tible, and the little life - of the city Bounded far away. Two of the three bad strolled along on opposite sides of the bridge. A. third had perceived them, und straightway taken the centre. He on the left had halted and spat over the rail.. Ho of the right had taken off his hat and stuck a pipe in the band of it. Then' the : centre man had stopped short and called out, " Say, mate, have you got a lucifer?" And the right hand man had asked,- " What sort?" "Bell's the, best ; but- black will do," had been the reply, and straightway they had grouped and exohanged greetings. Jordan and Crane, so they called themselves, were in very high form.- They had "touched" a publican for a fiver in Bendigo and a hawker for about six near Junee. They had never been short of cash on the road, and had a few pounds still remaining, but now they wanted to get to serious work, " And r»S»t about that woman 1" " She' all right," "Yes, but are you all right. with her?" "I will go aod see her to-morrow. ' "That's right. How do you. stand for stuff?" - He produced the change of half a sovereign. , ' , " Run it close, eh ? . Well, a quid will do for, now. Here,1' take it ; and there's, two fellows oh horses coming towards the bridge/,; Best separate and come back again in a quarter of on hour." , /;,../ - ' They dispersed and at the appointed time met again, but did not converse long. , 7 Jordan didn't like the place. It was fuller of shadows he siiid than' the Holborn Arches,. and'all the'traps in the colony' might be stowed, away within; fifty yards. It was resolved that Woolfo. should proceed to Mir rindong by train next morning, see tlie ' woman at once, she would be in the. house, while her husband was at the bank,- he should get the money if. possible; if not arrange for it next day, but meet bis mates somehow the i same afternoon' on .the'' track, about I three or four miles the j)u'obo side of j the township. They would start out at 10 o'clock and walk fifteen or six teen "miles, near as; .could be judged. He, about ; 3. or. 4 olclock, should- set out to meet them. - Needless to say'Woolfe had not the . slightest 'intention of going neiir Mir rindong or Julia Wilson. He had that in his belt which, rendered so ex- 1 ceedingly .'disagreeable' and /dangerous a task unnecessary. ,He' might have some dealings' with the, bank byrand- bye. but his confederates would: recon noitre and also take" on themselves' (ill the dangerous work. His mind was fully made up as to that-. And on that samp mind, nebulous as yet,. but. fear ful as any of the ghastly shapes of th e world beyond, which sometimes show vaguely through the veil, were certain ideas with regard to those mates,; which/In , due course; had sufficiently horrible developments. 5 ! He started at daybreak, and an hour before noon .he saw the few gleaming roofs of Mirr.i'ndong amongst the trees-' on tho plain; They might be two miles;away. - He cduld judge the dis-' tance as two iniles. The gate lie had passed last was about, .the . same dis tance-behind; 'The sand, ridge was just within. 'that gate, lie would return' there and .camp. Erom' the other side he could/Bee three miles of the. track, and could be : ready for the arrival of his mates. . He.had'his.swag and abundance of food; -lie, ;>vas always provided with spirits . - and;: tobacco/ Tbere was waternear in .a chasm of crabholes. .Thesunsliinewasdelight- fully warm/and to a /man utterly with out, conscioricethefutureseemod fair pnbugh::t6;iipnder 'happiiiesB possible. ', .f'Gad,". said he, ap lie stretched himselfbniheflowersirithofullsun; shine.' , . LTliisis the dolco far nionte of , ' vagabond'', life. ; I., almost wish I werb a blackfellow, but a kihg.'' ; . Ho; had eaten.: well - and - drunk moderately; The warmth soothed him, the p.ip/a foil, from his mouth, lie nodded and slept. ' What sound was it that awakened him ?' -A, cilvery peal of laughter was ringing in; his ear. Cautiously, the beast of prey /instinct - was fast de veloping, he got: on to all-fours, crept to the edge of the scrub and peered out. There at the gate, hot more than two ohains away, were a man and womah on horseback. He was trying in vain to open the gate. His horse was skittish or cunning, and no sooner had ho a hand on the bolt than -the - brute backed right away. She Was laughing aloud, and calling out in encouragement or protest. He dismounted at length, and opened the gate. She passed through, turned round on the fence, and rode straight for the sand ridge. Was it ? Yes— Julia Wilson, none other. And in less than a minute she would be right on his camp. Woolfe backed into the scrub, fell on his belly, and wriggled snakelike into a patch of brush overgrown with a wild tangle of clematis, through which it would be impossible to ride. George galloped to his wife's side, and ten seconds later they pulled up as their horses snorted and shied away from the suddenly perceived swag. " What is that, George. Look ? " " It's a 8 wag, and where the deuce is the owner of it ? Didn't see him about the water holes. His fire is fresh, though ; he can't be far away ; gone to look for quondongs, perhaps, or over to the swamp for ekgs. Gome on, girlie, we will hnve a gallop along the edge of the ridge.'' " Yes, but look, look at that lovely flower. Do pull me some, George; I will wear it round my hat." George forced his horse to the edge of the scrub and began to tear away at the clematis. Julia spoke again. "What a de lightful spot this fellow has chosen. He couldn't be an artist, could he George, or a poet wandering about?" . " Nothing very artistic about that swag or billy, is there 1" " Well, no ;" and she rode right aerosB to them. " They look decidedly commonplace. Swagmen, I suppose, are nearly as common as country storekeepers or.. local, land surveyors, aren't they ?" "S'pose so, but they don't bother one with their society, and that's in their favor. Come, now, and I'll crown you; lean right over and hold down your bead." ' ' Sne leaned towards him and he wreathed tbe milk-white blooms and shining leaves about her abundant hair. He loosed a pin to fasten it and down ' tumbled a long sheeny golden tress. , . "Oh, you wretch," she cried, "you want to make a Lady Godiva of me do you?"'and leant her cheek against his f.or a moment and dashed away in. the sunshine ana tho breeze. There was a good deal of Hell beneath the clematis while that little episode took place alongside, and when the snake crept out of cover he saw little of loveliness in sun or shade. Hulf a mile away were the riders, her lithe form undulating with the motion of the horse, her golden hair with tlie: tangle of greenery flying free. And there was a time when all had been Mb own. " . ... " Damnation !" he muttered, and it was practically a curse against all mankind; for he felt himself at feud with his species. 1 ' Turn .back there you two meii as trees walking far away on the plain. Turn back and you be wise or in any way forewarned. There. is 'wofte.tiian a lion in your .way. See you / not a black beam and .pendant ropes-right there: in the sand 'glare ? It is no . vision or mirage.: . : Turnyour backs on this unknown land,", and this - incom prehensible companion, and you muy yet do well. ' " ' ' " ' But they came right on. ' Woolfe saw them, suspended, as it seemed, on. . a mirage, a -firmament, above and beneath thorn, and: their progress ' scarcely perceptible. He withdrew to his cuuip and returned again in haif an iiour. . They were near now/plodding along wearily as .it seemed; He ' sauntered down to the track, . " " By gum," said Crane. " You'.ve had the best of it to-day, boss; My. feet's skinned, ' and hiy-' shoulders sorer with i his thing than if /I'd had three dozen. That town's thirty miles away if it's a foot.";,- v-;, : "Seen her ?" Thus asked Jordan curtly..: /./: /:,/:/ Woolfe nodded. . "Right," ; . . -v" So far, yes."; And without giving further opportunity forquestioning he turned- and led the way to his camp. There both of them flung down, their swags, lit. their .-pipes and. seemed to wait for a statement. Woolfe came straight to the point by producing twenty : sovereigns. " I saw the - woman I spoke to you about, and got from her these." / .."That's right, that's straight and square, , and. now what's the orib like, and what's it hold ?" -'..V " That is just what I could not dis- covei'. I- didn't go inside. I was a beggar at/ the gate,;. watched the girl go out on an errand, then slipped round the' baok. way. And you must remember I don't belong to the craft. But how let us settle one . thing at a .time. ...What's, .to be done with this 'money?" - :!- : " Well, . as we're.; going to play lone hands till things' are.: ready, for work we'd better divide. /We Jet you have a bit before, but that's nothing ; s'pose you givelusaix a piece and keep eight yourself : Just- as you like. And then leav ing you to look about the bank and find a way of entering, don't you' think; it would, bo my best business to get away to . the Billabong . diggings.;, all the gold comes through this way. . I can' find out what -time, and- how much we'eon have of. it,. either: on' the road or out of the bank ?" . . . " D'ye think there would be much?", : "Last week's returns wore seven hundred ounces." >" How much is that worth?1' "Two thousand eight hundred; pounds." " That's a swag worth collaring." "It is, and it can be ours if yoix can. find. » way into that bank, or .if ; we can "stop a Tittle party on the .road some day, or. if I can get Hold of is'few drugs and muke use of a-little doctor's knowledge I happen to possess." '" We'll do it, never fear, and then share even and part for a spell. / Just as well though to have a bit of plan for signalling one another wherever we may happen to be." "Yes, just as well ; and now about tucker. Make -up. a firb there if- you like and I'll go . over- to the -flab ..for some water." ' : 'u - He took the; billy, and,' walked away. . . , "Jordan," said Crane,- "he's aright 'un ? " " He's all that," was tlie answer; " and Jonto, lad;'; we're in it — in it up to our necks." - . 1 . - So they were. ' (to he continued. ' 