A the Affair at the Ntest. n una. bkusn cobwm fusrob. . ! H Never mind, Frank, wo oan wait.' 'You're on angel^iolot,' and the young man.onrcBBod softly (ho littlo hand that flut terBd'in hia, ' and Ann* Hannah is—' ' Not 1' laughdfl Violet Granger, finishing Iho eentenoe for him. ' Well, I hato hor. What difforeneo will it m»ko to hor twenty yoara honoo, whom I xaarry.-now. I'm not nuro maoed tbat aho's goodtof'tflii'jieara longer, and if — ' i ' Frank KoolaBon?' ' ' Oh, yes, I know. Pooplo may sparo no pains to matte yon hato thorn. Well, than, I Jove lha aunt who haa oroaaad mo all my life, do If Ton know it's not bo, Violet. You ?know ill wont homo now, and found hor in her shroud, it wouldn't ooet me any gioat hoart-aohe.' 'It should, Binoa you profit by hor monoy. Oh, Frank I Frank I I didn't think you would speak bo of the poor old woman who has been a mother to you, with all hor harah ness,,' said Violot, with oad sweotnoes. ' I deny it. Wna it motherly to foroo mo ?11 my lifo to do the very 'thin r» 1 hated moat? Have I over had a singlo taHto or in clination sho did not thwart if it woro pos sible ? No, no, Violot, you and Aunt Hnnnah are two persons. I love one and hato the ether, and that is the ond of it. I should like to be able to have my own way though, onoo before sho dioa. It'll be dreary waiting till ?ho slips this mortal coil, oh, Violot ?' The young maa apoko bitterly, and looked 'uWrn. Violet {listonod to him with unhappy, deeplyloving oyeB. ' Something will happen, surely. Somo 'ihing may happen, dear,' she said, tenderly. '' And if we lova eaoh other bo truly, what are b few years more or less to hearts so young ?a ours?' ' A lew years I Tou'ro too much o! an 'angel to calculate upon anything but that termagant aottoning townrd ua. She won't, though. That flinty heart won't give in un til death's fingers crumble it to ashes. You ?nd I'll be gray bolero that time.' ' ' We oan hope, at least, dear ; even Aunt Hannah cannot take our hope from us. Shall I sing for you now?' She took his sileaoo for assont, and going to the modest littlo instrument which atood aoroaa the room, Bang softly ono tender, .soothing atrnin after another, while hor lovor, 'lingering in the low window aoat, pullod the roses that grew near and their toro loaves with ? half vioious hand, too savagely irritated at ?thof ato that hindred hia deairGB, to hood the [loving tonea with which Violet Bought to draw Shim from hia thoughts. Contemplating the misohief her lover hai done her roseB noxt morning, Violet'B eyes were half sad, half umiling ; but sho broko into a carol, like bird notes, as she tied anew the vines hia too onergetio hand had loosed from their supports. ? A passer-by called hor. ! ?' Have you hoard; no, I eeo you have not, What happened at the Neat last night ?' Violet turnod swiftly, with a ohanging eountonkiioe. Frank lived -t tho Nost with his aunt. ' Foor old Miss Eooloeon was murdered in ?bod last night.' ? Violet oaught at tho widow-framo for sup port, her [very Hps turning white, and hor JBcait boating Blower and slower. ? ' It oan't bo I' sho gasped. ' - 1 with it couldn't, but it is. I just mot tho dootor coming away, 'i'hey sent for him, of course, but bIio niUBt ho^e been dead hours be fore he got tboro. There's crowdu of people gone over from town. But you livo bo remote ?from the Neat, it's no wonder you did not 'hear of it till now.' i Violot shuddered, and wished the man would only go on, as ho did presently, as ho was anxious to reach the soone of the tragedy. ?. Murder 1 And Frank had almost wished her dead the night bolore 1 Poor Frank, what a horrible lesson it must be to . him! o..i. - Later in tho doy oame a note from w Frank, a hurried sornwl, almost unread able and written with a hand that viaibly 'trsmblod. '?Don't ooms near, darling,' it said. ' The horror is almost more than I oan bear now. I wouldn't have you see and bear what I have to eeo and bear for all her money. I wish to Heaven it oould go into the Crave with her. I will oomo and see you as ?eon aa I oan get enough oolor in my faoe to dare to.' He o»mo for a few moments that evening, but for all the life in his look he might have been as dead aa Aunt Hannah. His faoe was gbftstly, his eager blue eyes hnd a soared ex pression that made Violet try, but in vain, to check him, as he lingered with a Bort of hor iribla fascination, over the details of the iintirder. 1 Aunt Aannah had been strangled with her iCwn pockot-handkerohief , aB aho sat late at 'her knitting. The servant had found hor, purple and stiff in her ohair, whon they went to oall tar to breakfast at half-past six in the morn ftfg. ' I don't think ohe had beon dead long. I didn't think bo, and I aent for tho dootor aa (fast as a horse oould ride. I couldn't do more, oould I Violet 7 She always gets up early, igho must havo got up early and taken her knitting, you know, and the wretoh that killed 'btr would have been as like to do it early in lbs morning aa late at night, wouldn't ha «ow, Violet dear 7' ' Had her bed boon slept in,' queationed Violet, controlling her ropugnnnoe to the sub jeot for her lover's sake. '' No one oould tell. Sho always made her own bed though, and she might have made it :the firet thing that morning. Oh ! I am (juito B»re it was early in the morning. She iMt with hor back to tho window, you see, And her handkerchief must have fallen to the vfloor where tho fellow oould eeoure it without being seen. Then it waa oaBy enough to ac complish the rest before ahe oould ory out. She couldn't have had time to oall out, do you think ahe oould 7' . 'I don't think anything about it. And you bad better stop thinking about it,' exclaimed , Violet, with an uncomfortable shiver. ' Why 'Trill yon Ulk of it Frank 7' I ' I won't if yon don't wish me to,' Frank «aid, gloomily, pushing his ohair back into tho shadow, and covering his faoe with bis band*. Violet regarded him wonderingly. ' Poor fellow, ho is so sensitive,' she said to herself, and moving her ohair nearer to bin, drew bin oold hands into her warm and 'roving olasp. , Ho returned her tender gaze with a look xwnfally sad and questioning. , ' Would it., be possible, Violet,' he said at lftBt, ' would it be possible* for you to be liev&that; I had any hand in last night's do tegs?' ?? Tho faoe ol the sweet girl blanahed like *_ow. Her eyes darkened and dilated like one ?mitten with sudden terror. Then she dropped her lips to hia hands with swift, pas sionate kisses. i ' No, no, Frank : no, never.' I 'My darling,' he murmured, draw \ig her to him, and kissing her again and Mtn. She remembered those kisses long after; Could any but innoaent lips have kiBued her '.to. There was no oluo to the murderer, noth ing had been stolen, and though Frank JCc «leson was tho only ono who could have pro 'fited by her death, no one thought of uccuh ting him, and not & shadow of suBpiaion at t&ohed; to him. There wm no one to oonteat tho heirahip with him, and tho Nest, with bis wide, rioii lands, and other belongings fell to him with not delay or question. . Bat Frank Eocleson was unconscious oi &1I, Ho oame home from his aunl'a lunornl, A wot, soggy evening it was, and threw him jtxVt into aneaey-ohair, oal?ng the servants t. ,'uilo wood in tho vrido fireplace till ic glowed i«ke o farnaoe, but the blaze failed to wann |tnm. Ue sat there trying to warm bisdbilled -fln«orB,and muttering to himBelf.till the fevei l tfeiob bad marked him for its own, ewoojed opon him' like a vulture',' and dog it's beak into' heart and brain. Thoy oarried him to his chambor by main (proo, ho struggling and raving with delirium, and Violet oamo to halp tho housekeeper, Mrs. Grim, to nurse him. Vet weeks Frank Eooloaon hung upon the very borders of oternity, and knew no one, and Sulked aa people with brain fever will, wild, fitrango talk, that drovo Violet's young blood curdling round hor heart, and set in hor whito.iaou a shadow that wan not oast by tho doath oho had battled so dooper atoly from hor lover's bedoido, but was ovon more cruel. Mrs. Grim hnd been more thanhouaekoepei to Miss EooloBon. Sho had been hor bosom friend, tho ono aoul of all tho world, porhapfl. that had truly loved tho misorly old woman, and though Hnnnah Eoolooon had not so mucb as montionod hor in hor will, tho houaekoepoi held to hor loyally. Violot mado ono wild attempt to banieb Mrs. Grim from tho sound of Frank's mnd talk, but Mrs. Grim would not go. Sometimes tho oyoa of tho two women mot, above that terriblo oouoh,and the look of one waa eiok with horror, and piteous with ap pealing. Tho othor'a was hard, was pitilose n8 hor dead mistress' would havo beon undo] aimilar airoumatanaos. At last thoro enmo a timo whon the fover looBened its hold, and loft tho aiok man like some wan ghost of hirnoelf, stranded upon those shoroa from which he had so nearh driftod. lie was too weak, too strange to tho uso ol hiB senses to read at once tho now look thai had so darkened Violet's sweot oyos. With all hoi- strength she tried to keep it out of them whon sho looked at him, but here waa a frank heart, ueod for mirror in k all its thoughts irj those innocent depths. Frank had read them too many times in tho old happy dayB to make any mistake now. Ho wbb a ooward, and would fain have persuaded himself thai his eyes told him wrong, but he oould not. Besides, thoro waa Mrs. Grim, whose face spoke the same story though in a differ ent tongao. The siok man Bhrank away among hia pillows, and shut his eyes whonover by any chance Mra. Grim or Violet looked at him. ' Thus oonsoienoo does make oowsrda oi us all.' Mrs. Grim sat alono in the kitohen at tba Nost. She sat with her feet on tho hearth ol the stove, those hard, unrelonting eyea gazing into the embers. A soft stop sounded beside her. It wbb Vio let. Her faoe was palo, her eyes had dark oirolea around them. ' Well 7' she said gently, aa Mrs. Grim lookod up. '' I shall do it to-morrow,' Mrs. Grim said, and shui hor eyes tightly over the sen tence. ' You will givo him no ohsnoe for bis life, yon who loved her 7' Mrs. Urim's lips did not relax. She only shook her head. 'At least wait a week longer. ' When ho will bo strong enough to flee, porhnpi, tho doom he morits? No!' 'You will not I' and Violet knelt by tho hard woman's sido, nnd lifted her poor quiver ing hands in wild appealing. But Mra. Grim only glanced at her, and looked back into the fire. Then Violot rose to her foot again, .and went back to the sick-room. ' Frank,' aaid eho, going olose to him, 'you must look at me; you must listen to me. You aro weak, I know, but if your life depended upon it, you could get up and dress youraclf, and go away from here, I am sure you oould — I am suro you will try.' Frank Ecolcson opened his wide blue eyes, nnd lookod at her. He seemod in that in stant to shako oft the strange oowardioe thai had bo unmanned him. ' What do you mean 7' ho asked. ' Toll mo. If 1 am to muBter strength for what yon aay, I mast have a strong inoontive. But I will not try. I will atay, whatever il is, and meet it. I havo shrunk too long.' Violet shivered a little. ' You wore delirious, Frank, and yon told all there was to tell, and Mrs .Grim heard it. She is going to inform against you to moi*ow.' Frank lifted himself on hia eftow and looksd Violet in the faoe. A light seemed to dawn upon him. ' Will you ask Mra. Grim to oorae here 7— not that I may plead with her, bnt that I may tell her the truth.' Mrs. Grim's atony lips set themselves like flints, but she rose and went to the sick-room when she got the message. '* I have been a miserable coward,' Frank ?aid, as the two women drew near, but X have not been the guilty oreature you imagine. You are a hard woman, Mra. Grim, but yon are a just one, and you will 'bolieve mo when yon have heard my story. ' I oame home from your honso that night, Violet, with a bitter and wioked tuaart.' I don't know bnt aa heart 1 waa wicked at tho villain who murdered her. ' It waa late, but there was a light in my aunt's room. As I oamo along tho paatmge she called out to me sharply twioe, and hot voioe sounded strange. There aeemed, too, to be some sort of strange movement in the room, but it was slight, and I, feoling b«rd and bitter toward her, would not answer her, and innt«id of going to her, I turned buck' and want to my room another wny. ' But I never dreamed what awful thing was doing. I thought eho. had ono of those neuralgia attacks to whioh ahe was subjeot, and 1 said to myself that she might fight it out, as I wsb doing. ' I don't know yot that it waa not »o. I don't know yet that ahe oame to her dcttth then, or that she was struggling' twith tho villain whon she oalled mo ; but the tear that it waa bo has nearly coat me my senses, nnd tbo fear that if 1 tokUthe ti nth, it would direot suspioion to mo as the pro bable perpetrator of the deed, held me in a cowardly Bilonce. Do you believe me, Mrs. Grim J' '' I do -iw believe you, Frank Eoolefion,' aaid Mrs. Grim, and wont baok to. the kitohen. Long before Frank bad finished) hi« reoital, Violet had orept olose to her Hover and prayed him to forgive her. He had stooped to kiss the little handu that fluttered to hia grasp, and to say, ' My poor darling I' ?'How oould 17' Violot sobbed. '1 deserve that you Bhould never forgive- me, but you aooused yourself bo frightfully in your delirium.' '' I aoouso myself still. I would give all my aunt's money to know certainly thalt ens was not struggling with her murderer 'when she called me and I did not reply.' Mra. Grim kept to her intention, and lodged her information, as aho oalled it^ in the proper quarter tho next day. She mot a somewhat discouraging re ception, however. But, as Fra.nk.9aid, though a hard woman, she was just, and she want baak to him. and Violet with sincere rejoioing. Theroal murderer had been found, and had oonfcQEcd to tho deed. Ho proved to be one of tho laborers em ployed by Miss Hannah Ecoleoon. There had been some money difference between them, in whioh Bhe had been very hard. The man was of a stolid, slow, revengeful nature, and ho waited hiatime.and strangled ' her with her own handkerohief as aim sal knitting at half-pnst four on tho morning they found her stark and doad in her ohair. ; So Frank had not that on hiB con 1 aoienoe. ! ^ ? j CrniiLH /.Nil Fkvhu, — Iho foilowinn iteoipo hail cured hundreds of cueoo of chills and ( fnver without failing in a singlo instance, ' Hero is tho prescription : Put tho yolk oi \- one frenh-luid eug into four to five (aauordiug to ago of patient) spoonfuls of aider or wine vinegar ; bcr.t well togothor and take a dose lilto thiti thron times » day for threo aoneeou live dsyo, half an hour before eaohmenltime, end do not stop Bhort of tho nine doaeai, even M th-- -aliillp hfcvo ceased, - - 