?BOUT TOWN. (By ' A GanBT.') Bunif tee getting his license renewed on Monday, looked quite milk and water as he dotfod hie hht and limped' on his toes to his seat. Se« how he seems to lower above me (perhaps in lofty indignation), when with a cuuple of friends I say afl quickly as I can u they're mine.' They all not 'em. the worthy P .M , after laying it down in concise terms that a license csrrifd with.it obligations to fulfil its con ditions, said grauted, and Boniface filed outagain. - * Popularity for 12s 6d, as our William would say in the tfords of the immortal bard, 11 to what base u*uage have we come/' Time was when a £50 cheque would secure this giddy thing fur source a fortnight, and here we have it in evidence that ' he wanted to.be popular' on a 12s 6d shout on tfoealate. T suppose it did'nt. bring popularity, for he disputed it, the 12s 6d I mean, and it only brought the bailiff %pith a gammons. 41 D«»es anyone, pay for his drinks if he can help it? de manded the lawyer. There must have I been a couple of dozen scored that night | anyway. Far down the distant future X fnnoy I see ao. unsuccessful parliamentary cnndida're'Buing bonif*ce for the return of Is (id because 'it Jailed to make him pppu lar. Did I go to the ball ? Of coorBS I did, and a more flDjoyablo one I don t remem ber. Never came across a plain lady, nr a bad valtzer the whole night. Yes, I was in that little'room once or twice, but know nothing about Ibort .partiouUr three', bottles. Stood in the ring rou.nd Captain Norton, and yelled ' Be's a jolly good fellow' and ' An Id Lang Syne' without a hie ? Shook bands with the doctor. hob-nobbed with the big fiddle, and 1 believe it was abmlt 4 a m., when she asid 'I had better come hqtne,' and I went, right sorry the doctor couldn't go away some more, and yet stop all the same. Oh, Doctor, when I woke up and realised that yon were gone, I felt I wanted you. Everyhndy Bays to me to-day ' well how do you feel ? The jury noiices are out aeain, and if I have any luck to be served with one there will be something to renew the hopes of my creditors ; 5s per day and a good com fortable seal whero everything can be heard. It's j.iBt mf graft. If I could only get appointed a permanent jury man. It is at the witching hour of midnight . when we sheeted dead, are won't to walk the earth, that strange things are some times Been ' This hour had arrived on Saturday, and my perturbed spirit, unable to rest, stalked forih to catch the soft breezes of night, and enj'iy the qniec mat. is supposed to have settled over the erst while bnsy throng at the hour when day and niuht meet and embrace each other. Instead of finding- the peace I snughl, a contingent from Pandemoniam appeared to have broken JoiBe aud made night hideous with their revel. What did I heboid I Men frantic wiili wine, and engaged in tearing each other like beasts of prey tear their victims. Whilst gazing on the sickening sight, I saw one, peaceful in mein and slight of .limb, make a chemi cal analysis of a wioe-soddened Pande moniam, paintini: his face till it looked like the sun nnder eclipse, and anon it was b'ack as the raven's wing. Skin and hair, likewise gore, ilew thick and fast, and had there been a dealer of these commodities^ present, he miaht have done J good trade in these marketable articles. I hied me tn mv lunalv crave, and wrappedtne in my cerements, for even that is better than the turmoil of earth as shown by the revellers of the night. 