"By the Grace of God." Br the Lite Rev. C. H. Spgeoeoe. For £ am the least of the apostles, that am not tneet to be called an apostle. because I persecuted the Church of God. Bjr the'grace of Qjd X am what I am.—1 Cor. nr. 9,10. There trOl he no need of any preface with a text so simple. The text is, indeed, made up of monosyllables, so that even a babe in Christ may read and understand it; and it is so deep, that the most advanced saint may e&i; utter it. " By the grace of God I am what I am." 1\. In the first place, we shall take it as a doctrinal statement with & personal application toPanL It means, first, that Paul ascribes his own salvation to the free favour of God. He believed to be saved. He frequently speaks of himself in that light. He bcHeved Inmself to he a peculiar object of Divine love; and my dear friends, I hope there are none of ns who would qoaiTel with this statement. "We may quarrel with the way in which some people put it, bat down deep in every Christian's heart there is the conviction that he is indebted in all respects to the undeserved mercy of the Host High. And what is more, if there is anything in him which has rend-red him superior to others, he traces that superiority to Divine grace. He does not dare throw up the cap and say: "Well done, I!" He does not expect to be able to say that, even when he gets to heaven. "Ac* nobis, domuif," \Sy "Not nnto us, not unto us, bat unto Thy name be'the praise." He delights to think that, when he gets his crown in heaven,* he won't wear it, but wOl cast it at the feet of Him to whom he knows it to be due. Brethren, it is nothing but the free favour of God that has made ns tc be Christians when we might have been worldlings; that has made ns love Christ when we might have remained in our natural- enmity. It is because of His free favour that we were kept alive and restrained in the days of our sinfulness. It is because of His free" favour that we have been forgiven, justified, preserved, and sanctified up to this moment. We expect also to he glorified as the result of that same free favour, and fully believe that, from the first moment when we began to pray, until that happy, happy moment when we Anil burst into the endless and perfect song, it will always he through free favour each shall he able to eay,- "By the grace of God I am what I Bat, more than this; this is not the only mratMng of the text, for " the grace of God " often means the power of the Holy Spirit—the divine gracious operation of the Holy Ghost upon the .soul. So I believe Paul to have meant—"By the gracious work and operation upon me of the Holy Spirit I am what I am." This statement he makes a great many times over in different ways in his empties. Ton cannot read them without seeing that he believes us to be God's workmanship, created anew unto good works; that he traces everything in us, not to the operation of the human will alone, but to the operation of the grace of God upon that will, upon the under standing, and upon all the faculties. • Nay, he makes out men.to be dead—dead in trespasses and sins, and. consequently incapable; and he makes the first act to be a quickening, out of which spring feeling and desire and all those things which lead up to raving faith. He declares faith not to be of oarselves, bnt to be'the gift of God; orifhe means in that passage the whole of his salvation, so much the more apposite is my quotation, sinoe he ascribes the whole of it, from first to last,- to the work ing of the Blessed Spirit. Now, X hope we all agree In this. I hare heard many religious disputes, but I never yet heard a Christian wlm ascribed his regeneration to anything bnt to the work of the Holy Spirit in his soul; and after I have heard these contentions and strifes aboot doctrines, when we have come to matters . of experience, I have found wc are wonderfully alike. We do believe that it was the Spirit of God that first inclined our wayward thoughts to think about divine things, which broke our hearts and inadc us feel the evil of sin; which led us to see the beauties of Jesus, and inclined us to put our trust in Htm. We ascribed it not at all to the operation of our own thoughts,' but first of all to the operation of the Spirit of God upon those thoughts, leading them in that direction, and guiding us to them. We are not like those who believe that faith and repentance are not the acts of man, nor the duty of man. We cannot conceive that the Holy Spirit ever repents for anybody, since He has nothing to repent of; and the Holy Spirit never believes for anybody; and if He did, it would not be of any use. The man must repent personally, ana believe personally, or he cannot be saved. These must be his own acts and deeds, or ebe he is not among those to whom the promise is given. But the Spirit works in us, so that we do repent believe in Jesus Christ; and therefore we ascribe re pentance, faith, and every spiritual gift to the operation of the grace of God. 2\. Secondly, I would regard enr text as a grateful acknowledgment- "By the grace of God I am what X am;" a grateful acknow ledgment, which forbade him ever to boast. Some might say, "Ah, Panl, thou art a zealous preacher, none more fervent than thou." " Ah," says he, " and well I may be, for I owe everything to His love who has forgiven me so much." "But, Paul, you labour more abundantly they all. You have exposed yourself to perils by land and sea, and nothing seems too much for yon to under go." "And well it may be, for I owe all I I am to grace; and this power to bear, and this j yUliugnesa to suffer, is the mighty working of i the grace of God in me, according to H?« i working who striveth in me mightily. Woe ' is unto me if Ipreachnotihe Gospd." "Butj | Panl, yon have such a clear view of the Gospel, j You seem to have such an eagle eye, and such | a penetrating mind, that you go deeper down, I ana right amongst things that are hard to be i understood by others. Ton therefore deserve much praise." . " Nay," says the Apoetie, " for I hare learned"nothing. I hare been taught of God, and therefore I cannot set mysolt np and allow Others to say, *I-am of Paul,* as they hare said, 11 am'ot Apollos, and I of Cephas,1 for what hare I that I hare not received from God? and what have I be in taught that t have not beeu taught of God ? " " Well, Paul, you are a great apostle.1* " Yes, I am ; I am as surely an apostle as Peter or any of them.*1 "But have you not ranch to be proud of?" "No; for unto me, who am the least of all .saints, is this grace.given. I reckon it to be of free favour that I should hare been a chorea ve>»el unto God, chosen when I was a per secutor riding to Damascus foaming at the mouth against the sain ts of God, and yet struck down and there and then commissioned to bear the name of Jesus Christ to the Gentiles before Peter or any of them. I was snatched like a brand from the " burning; plucked by angular and amazing grace from the influence of Pharisaism: taken from being a proud rabbi, ready to devour the sheep of Christ, to be His lowest and humblest servant. 1 most give all honour to the grace of God.11 Now, whenever you fed inclined to be a little lofty in the upper regions {and it is a thing that comes over us sometimes), when somebody brushes your feathers in a way that makes you think you are rather superior, indeed very superior, to others; when you begin to fed that people do not pay you sufficient respect, and you are a little nettled; when somebody' even gets in your pew—and such things will happen—think of Paul's estimate of himself.' I hare known 'the time when, going through temptation, Satan has whispered, " Well, now you really did stand well this time. You are getting into the higher life.11 Then is the time to be on one's guard. Sometimes Satan whispers,"" You did pray finely at the prayer meeting,11 or, " If all the Sunday school teachers were like you. London would be greatly unproved. ^Atid he~says to the preacher, " If all the ministers were to bring ont Jesus Christ in as plain language as you do, people would soon believe. You are somebody—you are." Now, the YtTy best thing for us is to sit down and say, "By the grace of God lam .what I am.*' Bo you remember the time when people used to be in prison for debt. I am told that in the old Fleet Prison, those who were in prison for thousands used to loot with contempt upon (hose who owed small sums, such as £20 or - £50- The more they owed, tEe more superior did the inmates think themselves. Were they not fools? Now, when a Christian is proud uf what he possesses, or what talents lie has, or what he has done,—since all is the. gift of God, he is only a greater debtor than another; and what a foolish person he is to be proud of that! We are more in debt than other people. If yon have more grace than other people, to be-proud and lifted up is folly indeed. Paul, then,-acknowledges that before God he could not boast. He forbade himself to boast, for by die grace of God he was what he was. 3\. Now, in the third place, as we have used our text as a doctrinal statement and a grateful acknowledgement,.let us use it as a very sweet encouragement. You remember Mercy*s dream iti the " Pilgrim's Progress." She laughed in her sleep, and Christiana asked why she laughed. Mercy replied that she did'nt laugh. She had forgotten ; but bv-and-by she said she did laugh, and well she might, for in her dream she saw herself in all her bridal attire as she would be in the day when Christ should come and the Bridegroom should come. " Oh! when I thought of the Bride, and saw myself with the crown of everlasting life, and the palm branch of victory, before the Lord, in all His beauty and heard Him say, 'Come, thou blessed of My Father,, inherit the kingdom,' I felt as though I could laugh. My soul danced at the thought. It does seem as if it could not be." Think of a poor bedridden woman. Look what a change for her to become, as the angels are, fair and young and beautiful in the presence of God, and the poor, doubting Christian that has not seen the sun above once in six months, and when she has, has gone back to ha " dumps" again—what a change for her, when she will, be without spot, or wrinkle, or amy such thing! Let all those who think it cannot be so, be encouraged by what God has already done for them; for if He has done so ranch, why should He not do the rest ? He that dried the Bed Sea, and opened the win dows of heaven, and fed Israel with the bread of angels, will surely bring them in, and give to every one his inheritance in the Promised Land. I have read of one who dreamed a dream when in great distress or mind about religion. He thought he stood in (he outer court of heaven, and he saw a glorious host TnarchiTi,? up, ringing sweet hymns, and bearing (he banners of victory; and they passed by him through the gate, and when they vanished, he heard in the distance sweet strains of mn-ic. "Who are they?" he asked. "They are the goodly fellowship of the prophets, who have gone to be with God." And he heaved a deep sigh as he said, "Alas, I am not one of them, and never shall be, and I cannot enter there." By-and-by there cam* up another band, equally triumphant in appearance, and robed in white. They passed within the portals, and again were shouts of welcome heard within. "Who are they?" he asked. "They are the goodly fellowship of the apostles.*' 'fAlasl" he said, "I belong not to that fellowship, and cannot eater." He still waited and lingered, in the hope that he might yet get in; but the next multi tude did not encourage him, for they were the noble army of martyrs. He conld not go with them, nor wave .their palm-branches. He waited still, and 6aw that the next was a company of godly ministers and officers of Christian churches; but he could not go in. with them. At last* as he watched, he saw a larger host than all the rest put together, marching and-ringing, most melodiously; and in front walked toe woman who was a sinner, and the thief that died upon the cross, hard by toe Saviour; and he looked along, and saw there snch as 3Xanasseh and the like; and j •when they entered, he could see who they ! were. and he thought, "Tbere will be^ no shootings ahont them " ; bat, to his astonish ment, it seemed as if all heaven was rent with sercnfold shouts as thev passed in. And the angel «id to him. 41 These arc they that are mighty sinners, saved by mighty grace " ; and then he said, " Blessed be God, X can go with them," a"d so he awoke. 