The Looking-glass. Br Key. De. Tilvioe. i And lie made the fever of brass, and the foot of it vis of brass, of the looking-gfesses of the ■women assembling.—Exodus xxxvfii. 8. "When the Israelites were marching' through .the wilderness, they carried their church with •them. They called it the tabernacle. It was pitched tent; very costly, very beautiful. •The framework was made of forty- eight boards of acacia wood set in sockets of silver. The curtains of the place were purple, and scarlet, and bine, and fine linen, and were hung with most artistic loops. The candlestick of that tabernacle had shaft, and branch, and bowl of solid gold, and the figures of cherubim had wings of gold; and there were lamps of gold, and snuffers of gold, and tongs of gold, and rings- of gold; so that scepticism has some times asked, "Where did all that precious material come from?" It is not my place to solve such a problem: it is only to tell that they were there. I wish no more especially to speak of the fever that was built in the midst of that ancient tabernacle. It was a great basin from which the priests washed their hands and feet. The 'water came down from the basin in spouts and 'passed away after the cleansing. This fever or basin, was made out of the looking-glasses of the women who had frequented the tabernacle, and who had made these their contribution to the furniture. These looking- glasses were not made of glass,' hut they were brazen. The brass was of a very superior quality,- and polished until it reflected easily the features of those who looked into it. So that this fever of .-fetiking-gfesses spoken. of! in. my text did donble work; it not only furnished the water in which the priests washed themselves, but it a so, on its shining, polished surface, pointed ont the spots of pollution on the face which needed ablution. Now, my Christian friends, as everything in that ancient tabernacle was suggestive of religious truth, and for the most part positively symbolical of truth, I shall take that fever of looking-glasses spoken of in the text as all suggestive of the gospel, which first shows us our as in a mirror, and then washes them away by Divine ablution. 1.: I have to-say that this is the only coking-glass in which a man'"can see himself as he is. There are some mirrors that flatter the features, and make you look better than .you arethen there are other mirrors that distort your features, and make yon look worse *-hnn you are; hat I want to' tell yon that this looking-glass of the gospel shows a man just as he is. "When tha priests' entered-the ancient tabernacle, one glance at the burnished ride of *hig fever riiowed them their need of cleansing; so tins gospel shows the soul its need of Divine, washing. ."All have aimed, and come.short of the glory of God." That is one showing. "AH we, like sheep, have gone astray." That is another showing. "From the crown of the head to ihe sole of the foot there is no health in us." That is another showing. The world calls these delects, im perfections, or eccentricities, or erratic behaviour, or "wild oats," or "high living "; but the gospel calls them sin, - transmission, filth—the abominable thing that' God hates. It was just one glance atihat mirror that made Paul cry out, "Oh, wretched man that I am, who shall deliver me from the body ..of this death?" and that made David cry out. "Puree me with hvsson. and I shall be clean!" ana that made - Martin Luther cry out, "Oh, my sins, my ana!" X am not talking about bad habits. You and I do not need any Bible to tell us that bad habits are "wrong-, that blasphemy and evil speaking are; wrung. But I am talking of a sinful nature, the source of all bad thoughts, as well as of all bad actions. The Apostle Paul calls their roll in the first chapter of Romans. They are a" regiment of death encamping around every heart, holding it in a tjranny from which nothing but the grace of God can deliver it. Here for instance, is ingratitude. Who has not been guDiy of that sin?.. If a man hands us a glass of water, we say, "Thank you"; ;but for the ten thousand mercies "that we are every day receiving from the! hand of God, how little expression of gratitude : for thirst slaked, for hunger fed, for shelter, mid sunshine, and. sound sleep, and clothes to wear—how little thanks! I suppose there are men fifty years of age. who have never yet given thanksgiving to God for His goodness. Besides that ingratitude of our hearts, there is pride (who has not felt it?)— pride that will not submit to God; that wants its own way—a nature that prefers wrong some-' times instead of right—that prefers to wallow instead of rise up. I do not care what you call that; I. am not going to quarrel with any theologian, or any man who makes any pre tensions to theology. I do not care whether you call it' "totaldepravity," or something else; I simply make tie announcement of God's "Word, affirmed and confirmed by the experience of hundreds of Christian people: the imagina tion of the heart of man is evil from youth. " There is none that doe th good ; no, not, one." We have a bid nature.- "We were born with it. . We got it from our parents ; they got it from their parents. Our thoughts are wrong, our action is wrong; our whole life is obnoxious to God before conversion; and after conversion, not one good thing in us but that which the grace of God has planted and fostered. "Well," you say,-"X can't believe that to be so." Ah! my dear brother, that is because you have never looked into thig laver of looking-glasses. If you could catch a glimpse of your natural heart before God, you would cry out in amazement and alarm. The very fimt thing this gospel does is to cut down our pride and self- sufficiency. If a man does not feci his lost and ruined,, condition before God, he does not want any gospel X think the reason that there are so few conversions in this day is because the tendency of the preaching is to make men believe that they are pretty good anyhow; quite clever, only want a little fixing up; a few touches of Divine grace, and then you will be all right—instead of proclaiming the broad, deep truth that Payson ana WhitfiehLthundered to a race trembling on the verge of infinite and eternal disaster. 2\. I want you to notice that this laver in which the priest washed—the laver of looking glasses—was filled with fresh water every morning. "The* servants of the tabernacle brought the water in buckets and poured it into this laver. So it is with the gospel of Jesus Christ; it has a fresh salvation every day. It is not a stagnant pool filled with accumulated corruptions. It is living water, which is brought from the eternal Bock to wash away the sins of yesterday—of one moment ago.. "Oh," says one, "I was a Christian twenty years ago!" That does not mesa anything to me. What are you now? We are not talking, my toother, about pardon ten years ago, hut pardon now—a fresh salvation. If I want to find out how a friend feds toward me, do X go to the, drawer and find some old yellow letters written to me ten or twelve years ago? No; I go tothe letter that was stamped the day before yesterday-in the post office, and I find how he feels toward 'me. It is not in regard to old communications we had with Jesus Christ; it is communications we have now. . Are we not in sympathy with Him this morning, and is He not in sympathy with us ? Do not spend so much of your time in hunting in the wardrobe for the old, worn-out shoes of Christian profession. Come this morning and' take the glittering robe of' Christ's righteous-' ness from die Saviour's hand. You say you' were plunged in the fountain of the Saviour's 1 mercy a quarter of a century ago. That is' nothing to me; I tell you to wash now in this laver of looking- glasses, and have your soul made clean. 3\. I notice also, in regard to this laver of looking-glasses spoken of in the text, that the priests always washed both hands feet The water came down in spouts, so that, without leaving any filth in the basin, the priests washed both hands and feet. So the gospel of Jesus Christ must touch the very extremities of our moral nature. A man cannot fence off a small part of his soul and say,. "Now, this is to be a garden in which I will have all the fruit and flowers of Christian character, while outside it shall be the devil's commons." No, no; it will be all garden or none. 1 sometimes hear people say, *»He is a very good man except in poli tics." Then, he is not a good man. A religion that will not take a man through an autumn election, will not he. worth anything to him in June, July, and August They say he is a useful sort of man, but he overreaches in a bargain. I deny the statement If he is a Christian anywhere, he will be in Ms business. It is very easy to be good in the prayer meeting, with surroundings kindly and blessed, but not so easy to be a Christian behind the counter, when by one skilful twitch of the goods you can hide a flaw in the silk so that tiie customer cannot see it. . It is very easy to be a Christian with a psalm-hook in your hand and a Bible in your lap, but not so easy when you can go into a shop and falsely tell the merchant you can get those goods at a cheaper rate in another store, so that he will sell them to yon cheaper than he can afford to sell them. The fact is, the religion of Christ is all-per vasive. If vou rent a house, you exoect full possession of it. You say, " Where are the keys of those rooms ? If I pay for this whole house, I want possession of those rooms." And the grace of God, when it comes to a sonl, takes full possession of a man, or goes away and takes no possession. It will ransack every room in the heart, every room in the life, from cellar to attic, touching the very extremities of his nature. The priests washed hands and feet. 4\. I remark, further, that this laver of look ing-glasses spoken. of in the text was a very large laver. T always thought, from the fact that so many washed there, and also from the fact that Solomon afterword, when he copied that laver in the Temple, built it' ou a very large scale, that it was large; and so—sugges tive of the gospel of Jesus Christ, and salvation hy Him—vast in its provisions. The whole world may come and wash in this laver and be clean. When our civil war had passed, the Government of the United States made pro clamation of pardon to the common soldiery in the Confederate army but not to the chief soldiers. The gospel of Christ does not act .in that way, it says pardon for all, but especially for the chief of sinners. I do not now think of a single passage that says a small sinner may be saved, but I do think of passages th&fc; say a great sinner may be saved. If there be sins only faintly hued, just a little tinged, so faintly coloured that yon can hardly see them, there is no special pardon promised in the Bible for those sins ; bat if they be glaring, red like crimson, then they shall be as snow. Now, my brother, I do not state this to put a premium upon great iniquity. I merely say this to encourage that man, whoever he is, who feeds he is so far gone from God that there is no mercy for him. I want to tell him there is a good opportunity. In Solomon's Temple there were ten l&vers; and one molten sea—this great reservoir in the midst of the Temple filled with water—these lavers and this molten sea adorned with figures of palm-branch, and oxen, and lions, and cherubim. This fountain of God's mercy is a vaster molten sea than that. It is adorned not with palm-branches, but with the wood of the Cross; not with cherubim, but with the wings of the Holy Ghost; and around its -great rim all the race may come and wash in the molten sea. I was reading the otherdayof Alexander the Great, who, when he was very thirsty and standing at the head of his army, had brought to him a cup of water. He looked off upon his host, and said, " I cannot drink this: my men are all thirsty;" and he dashed it to the ground. Blessed be God! there is enough water for all the host— enough for captains and host. "Whosoever will may come and take of the water of life freely"—a laver broad as the earth, high as the heavens and deep as hell. 5\. Bat X notice also, in regard to this laver of looking-glasses spoken of in the text, that the waSmgia it .was imperative, and not optional. - *tVhen the priests come into the ■ tabernacle (you will', find. this in the thirtieth chapter of Exodus), God tells them that they must wash in-that laver or die. The priest might have said, "Can't I wash elsewhere? I washedrin the laver at home, and now You want me to wash here!" . God says, "No matter whether or not yon have washed before. "Wash in this laver or die." " But," says the priest, " there is water just as dean as this, why won't that do?" "Wash here," says God, "or die." So it is with the gospel or Christ—It is imperative. There is only this alternative; keep our sins and perish, or wash them, away live. But says someone, " "Why could hot God have made more ways to- heaven than one?-" I do not know hot that He oould have made half-a-dozen; hut X know he made but one. You say, ""Why not have a long line of boats running from here to heaven?" I cannot say; but I simply know that there is only one boat. You say, "Are there not trees as luxuriant as that on Calvary?—more luxuriant, for that had neither buds nor blossoms; it was stripped and barked!" Yes, yes; there have been taller trees than that, and more luxuriant; but the only path to heaven is under that one tree. J Instead of quarrelling because there .are not | more ways, let us be thankful to God there is one—one name given unto men whereby we can' be saved—one laver in. which all the world. may wash. So you see what a radiant gospel this is I preach. X do not know how a man can stand stolidly"and present: it,. for itJs such an exhOarant gospel. It is not a mere whim or caprice; it is lite or death; it is heaven or heU. Yon come before your child, and you have-a present in your hand. You put your hands behind your back, and say, "Which hand, will you take?" In one hand there is a treasure, in the other there is not. The child blindly chooses. But God our Bather does not do that way with. ub. , He spreads out both hands, and says, "Now *hi« shall be very plain. In. that hand are pardon, and peace, and life, and the treasures of heaven; in that hand are punishment, and sorrow, and woe. Choose, choose for yourselves!" "He that believeth and is baptised shall be saved, but he that believeth not shall be damned." Oh, my dear friends, I wish I could coax you to aocept this gospel. If you could just take one look into this laver of looking-glasses spoken of in the text, you would begin now spiritual ablution. The love of Christ—I dare not, at the close of mv sermon, begin to talk about it. The love of Christ! Do not talk to me about a mountain; it is higher than that Do not talk lo me about the sea; it is deeper than that. An. artist in his dreams 6aw such a splendid vision of the transfiguration of Christ that he awoke and seized his pencil, and said, ".Let me paint this and die. Oh, I have seen the glories of Christ! I have beheld something of the beauty of that great sacrifice on Calvary, and I have sometimes felt I would be willing to give anything if.I might just sketch before you the wonders of that sacrifice. I would like to do it while I live, and I would like to do it when I die. " Let me paint this and die!" He comes along, weary and worn, His free. wet with tears, His brow crimson with blood, and He lies' down on Calvary for you. No, I mistake. Nothing was as comfortable as that. A stone on Calvary would have made a soft pillow for the dying head of Christ. Nothing bo comfortable as that. He does not lie down to die; He stands up to die; His spiked hands outspread as if to embrace a world. Oh, what a hard end foe there feet that had travelled all over Judea on ministries of mercy! "What a hard end for those hands that had wiped away tears and bound up broken hearts! And that is all for you! Oh, can you not love Him! Come round this laver, old and young. It is so burnished, you can see your sins; it is so deep, you can wash them all away. Oh, mourner, here bathe your bruised soul; and, rick one, here cool your hot temples in this larer. Peace! Do not cry any more, dear soul! Pardon for all thy sins, comfort for all thy afflictions. The black cloud that hung thundering over Sinai has floated above Calvary, and burst into the Shower of a Saviour's tears. 