[?] The Haunted ill House, a narrationTfIagts unaided by fiction, [Bt Peddballibe1.] . CHAPTER VII. One Sunday was a memorable day to us all. A strange phenomena occurred— that of the visit cf the spirit of a living person. This discovery followed other discoveries after our m'doighb adventure to which I am coming. One of my sisteis, the eldest used to a'.tend morning: school as a teacher in connection with a Nonconformist cluroh a slioit mile distant. On this occasion we wexe expecting her to be accompanied on her retain by a friend. Dinner time arrived, and as the honr -was over-waited we had commenced operator: s, thinking perhaps they had both accepted av invita tion tLesvhtre. A hall separated the dining-room from the front door, and the staircase leadiag 1o the bedrooms foira.d one side of it. While we were din io g, indeed we wtra nearly thiougb, the front door was opened and closed again, and we all heard the light steps of a female and the rustling of ladies' attire ascending the stair case. Simultaneously we remarked — ' Thete's Eilen !' and as I sat near the doorway I called out -'Ellen, was not Jonathan at ohurch with you?' No answer came, aad as my sist?r ap ?**~ peared to be a long while dressing for dinner, I said I would (go up to see after her. On proceeding upstairs, when on the landing, I called to her again, but received no answer. My mother and sisters came to the fo t of the stairs in the hall, when I said I would go to my sister's room and enquire at the door. This I did, but as no response was made I entered to find the room unoccupied ! Then I went into all the other rooms with a like result. Upon descending eaoh and all expressed wonder ment,, saying Imust be mistaken. I agreed to remain ? below while they went oa a tour of insp3cticn, but with no better success. One thing we Wore certain about— whoever had gone, upstairs had not come down again. Presently we were again sitting down to finish our dLturbod refection when the door was opened again and my sister appeared fully* dressed.. We enquired hadn't she been home before ? No, why, whatever did we a3k ' that for' ? Then followed the explanation, and we' were compelled to leave the solution as we could make nothing of it. Our friend had not put in an appearance, and a visit to a sick membar of the church wa3 the cauie of her being |late home. Some week3 later on in the summer a Jady called .one afternoon and knocked at the door. A message was brought in to my mother that Mrs Wilht (now Ollins) was passing through the village and wa3 reluc tant to leave it without making her acquaintance, and if there was no objec tion she would like once more to see the splendid view as obtainable from the drawing-room. ' , _____ We were glad to welcome our predecessor in what was so short a time fine? her own house, and we had of oen sympathised with her among ourselves for the loss occa sioned by her removal, for there wasn't a finer view of the two CDunti9S to be obtained elsewhere. She was soon seated chat'ing pleasantly with my mother at the window, while an iE )lian harp softly gave out its weird music as the summer breeze passed ovtr its strings. Si range to say thiB wild music affected her to agitation, and it was promptly removed. Scarcely had the con Tersafcion lasted five minutes when a lull occurring, as it will between strangers, I made an unfortunate remark in reference to the noises we were constantly hearing, and described their progress from the cellar to the stain on the floor of the ware house and back again, away down into the cellar, While I was describing our nocturnal vieifor, Mrs Willet changed colour from a deep flush to a deathlike pallor, and gasp ingly a?Jced for a glas3 of water. I went for it myself, and I was not away more than a minute or two. Yet before I could , return our visitor had hurriedly taken her departure, complaining that ' old associa tions were too much for her nerves, and would my mother excuse her necessary haBte?' The explanation of this very peculiar behaviour will appear later on. In course of time we made a business acquaintance of moBt of the people round for miles, and among them the old man ab the toll- bar, through which the miller bad passed on his way to the shipping port on the morn ing he was supposed to Va've S3i;ed for Arrtrija and the con venation turned upon this early morning excursion. ' Wfli,' said he, ' I could never under stand i1-, and I don't j and I can'c fathc m it now, fcr Willet and I were always good friends, and he never passed through my gate before without having his little joke, but perhaps he was down about leaving in the manner he did, and was too full up to say a word. Yet whab queered me mest of all waB that he d.dn't e\ea give me a look, nor turn his hear*, but sat just ,bolb upright, and -was all muffled up ; and, moreover, his missus was so very soon back again that I was fairly 'mwd. I had just taken a turn round ihe place, being a fine night, and had hardly got into bed again when there wa3 the call of 'gate !' aad then she was wanting to go through on her back journey. She said WMeb had plenty of time before the ship sa'ledj and wanted the parting over when no one would be looking on; and so as he had but a small caipst bag ts luggage she had put him down at 'the hollow,' that place wheie three roea were found mur dered one morning Boms years back.' He contiru.'d, 'Now. tbU don't quite tally with what Ned Pearson was saying, him as lives over at Scons Village. He1 didn't know who 'twas, as he waB some distance off on the bib of a rise watching his Swede turnip clump3, as there had been thieves atout at night, when he caw a trap come along. 'Twould be about the time and date that Willet went away. While he wa3 wondering who could be going along the ioad so early in the morn ing the trap was pulled up, but no one got out as far as he could see. It seemed to him that the driver— a woman — was pulling something off the seat into the bottom of the, trap, and when the horde was turned round the second party bad-disappeared. Then he went on to his watching again, and thought no ..more on't until I was talking about it down at the. Fort the other day.' He wound up by saying, ' There's something queer aboub it all, and it caps me fairly, it do.' : ?? CHAPTEB Till. Little by little we heard various bits of matter, bub didn't attach much, importance to the talk, thinking the villageis must have aoasething to gossip over, if 'twas only Ecandal. We had been there some two and a half ye irs under our lease, leaving six months more of it to run, when, we received a notice from the- trustees of the property that it was their custom on the completion of a lease to put it up for tender. Deeming it pjssible we might not be the successful tenderers, and not wish-' ing to lose our connection, which had con siderably increased during our holiday; also wishing to still further extend our business,' we resolved to rent a mill of larger capacity some three miles nearer the cluster of townB before referred to, to shut down our present tenancy for the re maindei of theleaEe while we diverted the connection. This we did, and it was towards the end of these latter sis months that the par by aUudad to at the commencement of this narrative was held. In *he meantime we had opened a branch reta.l.businesB in the! town, and ib was at this establishment where our friends were gathered. ; Empty, lone- and desola'e stood the old house, hieh up on the edge of the common, fit tenement cf the unquiet spirit which walked there, and it must be confessed it was with some reluctance that we quitted our merry-making friends to proceed on our now notDrious ghost hunt. We started, calling on our way at a eel brated wayside inn, immortalised by Sbakejpeare, for a pit n.iful supply of Dutch courage; should our own fail us. Furth-r oa towards the end of our journey, passing. the residence of one of my companion?,,, we procured a pick and shovel from one of the farm out buildings, and as I had taken the precau tion of putting a pistol in my pocket, we now felt ourselves fully equipped. Thus armed for work and defence, we struck off from the main road, crossed an orchard to lessen the distance, gained the cross road leading to the mill at a point opposite the ruins of an old' chapel, and began the ascent leading to the haunted house. Having the keys' with me we let ourselves in by a back entrance, made for tbe large kitchen, and then decided, upon our plan of action. Meanwhile, having nearly an hour to get through before mid night, we mutually resolved- to fortify our tensioned nerveB by making a vigorous onslaught on our kit of provisions and our stone bottle fiiend, which contained a, gallon of the best old aid, for which the Saake3peare hostel was noted. We had been thu3 occupied for some minutes, when suddenly we almost col lapsed, consequent on a thundering alarm being sounded at the. front door, resound ing' through the empty house and echoing itj way into every cornel? of it ; but as the Bound died away we heard voioeB and grew bolder. We approached the front entrance in Indian flip, and demanded who was there aud what was wanted. The alarm was created' by several of the villagers who had seen a light in the house over the doorway, and coupling this with the re ports of the ghoBt tales, which had gono the iounds of the village, they thought it their duty to see rnto the matter, and per haps trapping the gho t. With this intention they had crossed the common, and were nob a little surprised to be answered by myself from within. It would not do to admit them, as they would render our ^isib abortive and quickly git to tbe bottom of our provender, so I told them I was needing something that had been left behind, and being in the . neighbourhood had caUed to get it. The fright attending their uncere monious assault on the door: had consider ably weakened the courage of the younge.t of ourpaitj, and bad it not been that he wbb more afraid to go away than to remain he wooH have left us forthwith ;'ss it was he regretted that he had not discovered bim3elf to the villagers and accompanied them towards his homa. Being again left to ourselves we concluded our refection and then prepared to cairy out 'our pro gramme as midnight was near. We put out our 'Jight arid took up our position on the staiicsse up which the ghost used to ascend. Two of us sat on one step, while the third ani jounger one was immediately ' behind us, two steps higher, bis knaes touching our shoulders in the dark. We had resolved to sib thus till midnight, or longer if necf B3ary, and should the ghost walk up the staircase as usual we were to challenge it and fire upon it if we obtained no answer. As we sat there in the cold and darkness our teeth chattered and our nerves were not tuo highly strung, nobwithstandir g our previous libations, for something within us seemed to. intimate we were on the thres hold of a wierd and dreadful secret. Our eyes were kept open ab their widest, although we could tee nothing, and our ears were Btrained for the first sound of the well-remembered pis pab of the mid night wanderer. Soletun and awrsome'as our pjsitiori was I corjfesB I almost broke put into a laugh, for the dr-mgLt3.in the large drawing-room above caused the doer on the landing to rattle and the c*tch to fly back, whea our fritnd in the rear appealed to be let come in front, as the ghost waB coming down in stead of up; indeed he was so scared that his knees knocked together. We quieted him by assuring bjm the ghost always came up3lalrs first, and as it had not yet done so it could not be coming down!; be sides we were all there together and would stand by each other, which we two elder ones fully meant to do, and did. How thick the darkness wa3 jutt then ; indeed we could almost clutch it between our fingers, and the minut?s were aB hours to us a3 we waited expectant that each, one would bring with ib that hitherto unseen something from below, which could pass through doors and walle, and which cer tiinly we should feel as we cleaved its hueles3 shadow even if wa did not see ibi— passing on i's journey from when c a it came to and from the. biood stain in the warehouse some 30 yards from where we sat. . CHAPTER IX. Presently from across the common, up from the village hollow, sounding from the high old ivj-oovered Eomm tower came ths firs-; heavy boom of fee midnight bell, reaching us as it came up from -the midst of generations cf dead in the churchyard balow. Boom — m ! it again rang out, and it seemed a3 though the huge hammer had struck the walls of our own hearts sending, its vibrations into every cell of our young bones, and between each globule of Mcod in our veins, almoit causing it to stand still and cease its circulation. Boom — m— m ! again with intensifying effect, crowding the bkod into our hearts and almost emptying our brains. Could we sit out the nine more beats which we knew were to follow and face whab might come in the meanwhile ? The torture' of those few ac'.usl seconds I shall nsver for get i? I live to be a hundred. The last stroke came, and when the sound had dis solved away in the midnight' air our headB were as though the roots of the hair had fairly dried up. We eat on thus for some fifteen minutes ionge,r, then we began to question each other a9 to why we had been disappointed ? Perhaps the a1 arm at the door had dis pelled the power of the ghost for the time being, or perhaps in some way it was cognisant of our quest, and would not put ir^on appearance to help the solution ; and again, it might not be its proper night for visiting the spot where it had quitted ita earthly habitation bo unexpectedly. Ap parently all our preparation and our watching were to be of so avail, for the ghost came not. We gave over expecting it for that occasion, and moved that we resorb to our stone bottle to revive our own spirits, as the spirit we waited for wouldn't come. We, therefore, adjourned to our larder in the kitchen, re-lit our darkness evader, and after a much-needed refresh ment proceeded to carry, out the second part of: our programme of operations. We had arranged in the event of such. . success as had attended our adventure so far to thoroughly explore the lower regions whence the nocturnal sounds proceeded, feeling assured there must be some cause which would account for the steps coming and going always in the one direction, and as we made cur descent into the vault like . atmosphere I could not help blaming myself for living so long on the Bpot with out having made' some effort to elucidate the mystery b?fore. There were three cellars ; th*t to which the staircasa led was generally used for garcfea purposes, storing early tubers, etc, having a natural Ehelf cut in the firm ground and running round three sides of it. There was also as „ wine and a coal cellar. The soil all roundR;. and beneath us was gravel, indeed the;' whole hill was of this formation to within two feet of the surface. We passed the light to our nervous young friend, and proceed&j-4v;»vjsvit!,d.the soil and otherwise prosecufOO.' 'T ;?'' ?'??'?'? jTWe 'had not been ' long at^» Flamingo, ^before I thought there w£-9JPf?ik\jBfcnb eound after a blow fro=n the head of the pick, but' as we deemed it hardly sufficient to guarantee further effort we passed on to the other portions. Nothing seemed to repay us for, our trouble, and presently we bad worked round to the spot which had already ar rested my attention. Upon sounding again we certainly noticed a different sound in response to what had followed a similar trial elsewhere, and we resolved to open up the earth for whafc we might find. Thia spot was but a yard away from the foot of the stair-?, and the lay of the slight rever- ' berations seamed to be paralleKwith|the natural shelf before referred to. We went to work in good fashion, one picking, the other using the shovel; thus we went at it for about ten minutes, by which time a goodly mouod of .gravel had been dis placed. Taking my turn again with the pick I jpmped into the hole and com menced to loosen still more deeply, when -.. the first blow of the pick stuck into some thing more solid than gravel, and, waa temporarily held fast. ' i We worked with renewed activity,finding the obstruction to be a fairly wide plank or piece of scantling. A few more minutes sufficed to expose the full length of the plank at about two feet below the surface, and as it laid there it was very suggestive of a coffin. It was not this, however, but ., it might have been used as a substitute, and dreading what might be below we ? gently used the pick to prize it up. (To be continued.') 