QUEANBEYAN. (Fnox Local Parans.) AT the ordinary meeting of the Debating Club on Tuesday night there was a large attendance, par ticularly of ladies. The secretary was instructed to inform the secretary of the Captain's Flat School of Arts that at present the society cannot see its way clear to visit the Flat to hold a public debate. The subject for the evening's discussion was-" Is the advanced woman a menace or an advantage to society ?" The Ministry carried the day by 20 votes to 14. The subject for the next debate is-" Are ghosts a reality or a figment of the imagination ?" On Wednesday Dr. Blackall was called away to attend a man at Majura whose case was then shrouded in mystery, and still remains unsolved and is likely to so remain. The man was found to be Mr.,John Cameron, an unmarried man of about 30 years of age, the son of Mr. Angus Cameron. Froni what we can learn Mr. Cameron was breaking in a three- year old colt and on Tuesday at noon he went to catch this horse, taking with him a headstall and a bridle. He remained absent that night, and a search party scoured the place for him, knowing he was not far away. About 4 a.m. on Wednesday they came across him lying on the ground uncon scious, with his face and head out about and bruised frightfully. The bridle was lying alongside of him. The unbroken colt was foslpd running about with the headstall on, but how the terrible accident hap pened is a mystery. The supposition is, and it seems a feasible one, that poor Cameron caught the horse, put the headstall on him, and was about to put the bridle on, when the animal from some cause or other threw its head violently up, lifting Cameron off his feet, struck his head with its knoo or some other hard portion of the fore part of its body. The blow Was so severe, however,. as to break the man's jaw, and so injure him that up to Thursday evening he had not regained consciousness. He must have bled profusely, and was exposed to the weather un attended all night till found by the search party next morning. Word has now arrived of the death of Cameron, which o:curred on Friday morning. An inquest will be held.-Other accidents are re ported elsewhere. A foot race betweenoo T. Flannery (late. of Goul burn) and J. Sheedy, of Captain's Flat, for £10, came off at the Flat on Monday. The latter won. 