\- " - - — - -- -- [?] \- Bx C. it. Spubobon. ; 7 7 c i I ivr-7 7 7 Therefore. ;f"WTTianb8 in-fCEriflt, . he .is ,av new; .feature Old thing. are passed away; behold, ; all Corinthians, v. 17, r. . . Our textsayppiatlf any man he in ChriBt he Is a new cxeatjSce. t Oldlhings are passed away : behold, all things are become new, angmy Is just this— that anyman who is united 9 Ghrist has experienceda great : change. I Tto j not lay down hard "and fast lines about bow the .. Conversion is to ibeWroughfc, but the word is- Imperative whichsays Ye 'must' be born team,'-' mid the exhor tation speaks to. all man- . Sid:—" Repent j and be converted, that your : fins may he blotted out.5"; Even to this hour bur Lord saith:—" Verily; I say ump you, jxcept ye.be converted, and become as little ; thilmen, ye shall not enter into the kingdom of Leaven." 4 . : ' My line of discourse will bei as follows : — Recording to our text and many other scrip- ; jures, a great change is needed in any man who jrould be saved ; secondly, this great ; change is frequently very marked ; and thirdly, this jhauge is recognisable by distinct signB. In order to salvation a radical change is lecessary. This change is a thorough and ; iweeping one, and operates upon, the - nature, : heart, and life of the convert. . Human aature lathe same tottil time, and it wU he idle to try to tiirp the edge of scriptnal quota tions by saying jluit they refer to the Jews or loGta heathen, for at thatratowe shall have no Biblejeff usatall. The Bible is mefifit .for ma,nln nd tdnar toxt refers to any man, of shy country and any age. " If any man be . in Christ, he is ane wcreature. OldtkJngsare passed ; away ; behold, aB things are . become new." "We provethis point .by remiuding you, first, in Vnmiifiira mdtl p.ra Hivitffofl iuiiv uv tlj vt uvio &u; uva vn.w w into two classes, with a very sharp line of dis tinction. between them. Read "in the gospels, and yon shall find continual mention of snesp lost and sheep fouud, guests refusing the invi tation and guests feastiog at the table, the wise virgins and the foolisb, the sheep and the goats. In the epistles we read of those who are " dead In trespasses and sin," and of others to whom It is said—" And you hath he quickened;" so that some are alive to God, and others are in 'heir natural state of spiritual death. We find men spoken of as being either in darkness or in light, and the phrase is used of " being brought jut of. darkness into marvellous light." Some ire spoken of as haying b.en formerly aliens md strangers, and having been made fellow- sitizsns and brethern. We read of "children »f God," ip opposition to '' children of wrath." We read of believers who are not condemned, And of those who are condemned already be- sause they have not believed. We read of ihcse who have " gone astray," -and of those who have " returned to the shepherd aud bishop of Iheir souls." We read of those who ate "in she flesh aud cannot please God," and of , those who are chp3en and called and justified, whom the whole universe is challenged to condemn. The apostle speaks of "us who aye saved," as if there were some saved, while upon others "the wrath of God abideth." " Enemies" are eontiDuaily placed in contrast with those who are "reconciled to God by the death of His Bon." There we those that are "far off from God by wicked works," and those who are "made nigh by the blood of Christ." I could continue till. I wearied you» Tb® distinction between the two classes runs through the whole of the Scriptures, and never do we find a: hint that there are some who are naturally goo J , .i; and do not need to be removed ;&bm; yhe one class into the other, or that there are persons between the two who can afford remain as they are. No, there must bo a divine work, Baking us ne wcwatui Ssj and causing all things to become neW 1 us, ror we shill die' In o iisins.' The word of God, becides so continually describing two classes, very frequently aud in forcible expressions speaks of an inward change by which men are brought from one state into the other. This change is of ten described as .« birth. See the third - chapter of the g03pel of John, which is Wonderfully clear and to the point, " Except a man be born again he cannot mo the kingdom of God." This birth is not a birth by baptism, for it is spoken of as, accom panied by an intelligent faith which receives the Lord Jesus. Tura to John i. 12, 13, " But as many as received Him, to them gave He power to become the sons of Grod. eveu to them that ' believed on His name ; which were born not of ' blood, nor of the wilt of the flesh, nor of the. will of man, but of God." "So that believers are., "born again," and receive Christ through" faith ; a regeneration imparted in infancy and tying dormant i.ii unbelievers is a fiction un known to Holy Scripture. In the third of John onr Lord associates faith and regeneration in the closest manner, declaring not only that we Allfit he horn acfltn. hnf. Binn tha t wYinanAvAr believeth in Him shall not perish, but have everlasting life. We must undergo a change quite as great as if we could return to our native nothingness and could then come forth freah from the hand of the Great Creator. John tells us, in his first epistle, v. 4, that " Whatsoever is born of God overcometh the world," and adds to show that the new birth and faith go together, " This is the victory that overcometh the world, even our faith.' To the same effect is 1 John v. 1, " Whosoever be- believeth that Jesus is the Christ is bom of God." Where there is true faith, there is the now birth, and that term implies a change be yond measure complete, and radical. : Once more, as if lo go to the extremity of forcible expression, Peter speaks of our conver sion and regeneration as our being " begotten again." Hear the passage. (1 Peter i, . 3), "Blessed be the God and Father of cor Lord Jesus Christ, which according to His abundant: mercy hath begotten us-j again onto a lively hope by the resurrection of Jesivs Christ from the dead." To the same purport speaks the apostle James in his first chapter, at the 13th Verse: "Of Bis own will begat He us with Che word of truth, that .we should be a kind of flrstfruits of His creatures." My dear friends, can you conceive of any language more plainly descriptive of a most filemn change? If it be possible with the human tongue to describe a change which is total, thorough, complete and divine, these Words do describe it ; and if such a change be AOt intended by the language here used by the Holy Spirit, then I am unable to find any meaning in the Bible, and its words are rathsr meant to bewilder than instruct, which God forbid we should think.; My appeal is to you who try to be contented without regeneration End conversion. I beseech you, do not be Satisfied, for you never can be in Christ unless old things are passed away with you, and all hings bscome new. This change from enmity to friendship with God arises very much from a change of man's I judicial state before God. Before a man is converted he is condemned, but when he re ceives spiritual fife we read " there is, there fore, now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesns, who walk not after the flesh, - but after the Spirit." This altogether changes Ids condition as tc inv ard happiness. " There fore, being justified by faith, we have peace With jGod, through Jesus Christ our Lord;" which peace we never had before, " And_ not <only bo, but we also joy'in God throughbur ; fiord Jesus Christ, by. whom we have now re- ,-ved:ihe.-atonement.T. ... ; .. .. : 1 Secondly, JiioWqretaark tb&t-; tis change jts 'qoqtly':.yeqr. muked as.-tp fame jEmd .&t; ; "cumstahces. Many/ko jils truly . born ; of- .God oould. not lay finger. iipon ; any date and say, ' At such a time I passed from dgath unto life.' There was snch atime, howevert though they may not be able to fix upon it. There -must be a time when a man cease3 to be an un- betiever, and becomes a believer, in jesns. ' I db not itfisert that, it is necessary for us to know the day, but such a time there Is. In many cases howeyqf, the . very day and hour and plaoie are ifiBy known, nnd we might expect this, . first, lom many - other, works of God. How very particular God is about the time of creation! r ' The -evening and the morning were the first day."- -God said, "Let there be light, and months afterwards there came a little grey dawning and solitary star," ph no, you 8a y, you are quoting from imagination ! I am. The 'Scripture has it, God said, Let there be. light: and there was light." ; Immediate work is God's' method of creating ;" all through the six days' work He- spake and it was done, He commanded and " it stood fast. There is generally a likeness between one act of God and aaother, and if in the old creation the fiat did it all, it does seem likely upon the very face of things that in the new creation the fiat of the eternal Word should .be equally quick and powerful In its working. Look at the acts of God in the person ' of Christ when He was here aaioiig men. The water turns at„ onqe to wine, the fig-tree immediately withers away, the loaves and fishes are at once multiplied in : -the, 'hands of the disciples. -Mh;acle8of healing were arole instantaneous. In one instance the Lbrd.puts clay on the blind man's ;eyes, and sends . him to wash ; but lengthen the operation as much as you like, it is still very briefly summed up in, "I washed, on/) Art rod " "Vnnrlpr nnrnlvtin man is Ivillf? on his bed ; Jesus says to him, " Take up thy bed and walk," and he does so at once. The leprosy was cured with a touch, devils fltd at a word, ears were unstopped instantly, and withered limbs restored. He spake to the waves and the winds, and they were calm at once ; and as to the resurrections which Christ worked, which are His aeied parables of regeneration, they were all instantaneous. Jesns took the little girl by the hand, and said, "Talitha cumi;" she opened her eyes and sat np. He bade the bier stand still on which was the young man. He said : " Young man, I Eay unto thee arise ; " and he arose straightway. Even the carcase of Lazarus, which had began to corrapt, yielded at once to His word. He did but say, " Lazarus, come, forth," and there was Lazarus. As the Master worked on men's bodies, so doeB he constantly work upon men's sculs, and it is according to analogy to expect that His works will be instantaneous. Such they constantly are, for are they not daily before us? We might also look for many instances of vividness if we consider the work itself. If it be worthy to be called a resurrection, there mast manifestly be a time in which the dead man ceases to be dead and becomes alive. Take the opposite process of dying;; we commonly say that-such a man was long in dying ; that is a popular description, but, strictly speaking, the actual death mast be instantaneous. There is a tirue in which there is breath in the body, and another time in which there is none. So most it be in >'the reception of life ; that life may seem to come by slow degrees into the soul, but it cannot really be 60 ; there mast be an instant UP to which there was ho life, aiid beyond which life began. Is not that self-evident ? Is it . wonderful that that instant should fix itself on the memory, and in mahy cases be -the most prominent fact in a man's whple histof y? It is called a creation. Now creation is necessarily a work which happens in an instant, for.a thing either is or is not.. There is ho Tntervehing space between non-existence and existence; there is the sharpest conceivable line between that which is not and that, which is. So in the new creation, there ihast be a time when grace is not received, and a time when renewing it is, and we may naturally expect that in so grand a work there would be, in many cases, a marked boundary line at which the work begins. In every case of conversion there are these signs following. There is always a sense of sin, No man, rest assured, ever » found peace with God without firat repeating of sin;' and - knowing it to be an evil thing. "The whole,! says Christ, " have no need of a' physician, hut they that are sick; I came not to call the : righteous, but sintiers to' repentance." Christ does not heal those who are not sick, He never clothes those who are not naked, nor enriches those who are not poor. True conversion always has it in a seme of the need of divine grace. It is also always attended with simple, true and real faith in Jesus Christ ; in fact, that is the king's own mark, and without it nothing is of anr vflrlh. " T.ito «a Unaoa liffai) nn 4h» w mm mhvwvh u|t vuo serpent in the-wilderness, even so mast the Son of Man be lifted up, that whosoever believeth in Him should not perish, but bave everlasting life ;" and that passage is nut side by side with " Ye must be born again," in the same ad dress, by the same Saviour, to the same in quirer. Therefore, we gather that faith is the mark of the new birth, and where it is, there the Spirit has changed the heart of man; hat, where.it is. not, men are still "dead in tres passes and sin." Conversion may be known, next, by this fact, that it changes the whole man. It (manges the principle upon which he lives ; he lived for self, now he lives for God ; he did right because he was af raid of punishment if = he did wrong, but now he shuns evil because he hales it. He did right because he hoped to merit heaven, but .now ho such selfish motive sways -him ; he knows that he is saved, and he does right out of gratitude to God. His objects in life are changed ; he lived for grin, or worldly honor ; now he lives for the glory of- God. TTi« com forts are changed ; the pleasures of the world and sin are nothing to him ; he finds comfort in the love of- God abed abroad in bis heart by the Holy Ghost. His desires are changed ; that which he once panted and pined for he is now content to do without, and that which he once despised he now longs after as the hart panteth after the water brooks. His fears are different ; he fears man no more, but fears his God. His hopes are also altered. His expecta tions fly beyond the stars. He looks for a city which hands have not piled : He pants for a country by sin undefiled. The man has begun a new life. A convert once said, " Either the world is altered or else I am." Everything seems new. The very faces of onr children look different to as, for we re gard them under a new aspect, viewing them as heirs of immortality. , We view our friends from a different standpoint. . Onr very business seems altered. Even taking down the shatters of a morning is done' by the husband in a diffe rent spirit, and the children are put to bed by the mother in another mood. We learn to sanctify the hammer and the plough by serving the Lord with them. We feel that the things whiqh are seen are shadows, and the things which we bear are but voices out of dreamlands but the unseen is substantial, and that which mortal ear hears not is truth. Fai'h has be come to ns " the snbbtanee of tilings hoped for, the evidence of things not seen" 