F1CT10BL A Live Ghost. (Continued. 4 The Brunswick,' he ordered haughtily, and hid his discomfiture in the cab. A.t the hotel he was assigned a room without accusation of being a fraud nr a nhantom. and there' he proceeded to consider, the singular position in which be found himself. The lawyer with whom he had left his -will, previous to his departure for Africa could probably give him all de tails concerning the origin of the | rumor of his death. \Vas his small I patrimony already divided among the j distant heirs? Tom started from his | chair to seek the lawyer's office at once : but he sank back again with a half smile ; the old gentleman's holi day occurred in August, and Tom shrank from confronting a clerk pos sibly as sceptical as the club porter. He must wait for Wynne, who was a certainty at 8 o'clock, and who, al ways well posted in everybody s affairs, could inform him not merely about the rumor of bis death,- but about some imaginable results of that rumor which troubled this perplexed young man more than the . temporary doubt of his identity or the brief disarrange ment of his finances. Before the star was printed beside his name in the club list his death must have been widely credited. This ex plained Mabel'ssilence ; she believed him dead two years since ; along, long time for faithful mourning of the dead— the dead who had been neither just nor tender in his farewells. Good God 1 how could he bear to hear that Van Eyck had won her. Very ghost-like he felt as he wan dered restlessly from the hotel to the streets. Poor ghosts — real ghosts ! he hoped that heaven, or either the other place, shut them securely from any news of the world which they had left, and which did not miss them ! Eight o'clock found him again at the club, where his enemy the hall porter took his card in eloquent silence and presently announced that Mr AVynne would see him. There was a keen look of question upou David Wynne's clever counten ance as he awaited his visitor. ' This is a most extraordinary coin cidence or a most ' he began, but broke off abruptly as Tom advanced under the electric lights ; then, with dilating eyes, he exclaimed, ' Great Heavens? Tom Stuart — you are alive ?' ' According to my own sensations I am,' Tom said smiling unmirthfully, ' though so many sane people seem sure of my death that I begin to doubt.' ' My dear fellow,! .Wynne inter rupted, grasping Tom's hand in both of his, and speaking with delightrul exag- | geration. ' I have never been so glad to see anyone.' He broke off again, to stare at the othdr's handsome sun- browned face. 4 This is inexplicable,' he muttered. 4 If you mean the rumor of my death, I intend to have that explained very thoroughly,' Tom declared grimly. 4 And I come to you to stait my in vestigations.' It was much more positive than a rumor : it was a cablegram,' Wynne said, ruminatingly. Then he drew forward a big chair for bis guest, dropped into another, and took a letter case from his poc ket. 4 1 sent to my rooms for this when the porter told me that some impostor was claiming your name,' he began briskly. 4 This is my receptacle for uewspaper cuttings that interest me particularly, and are not too long: Here is your obituary 4 Which was not too long,' Tom in terpolated bitterly. 4 Better be a living dog than a dead lion.' Wynne cried genially. 4 1 assure you, my boy, that you wore very much talked about for a week at least, t me must be a Bismarck or a Gladstone to expect more of one's world. Hear what the 44 Herald" says ; 4 With deep regret we announce the death near Zanzibar, Africa, of the talented young artist Thomas Stuart. He had joined the expedition fitted up by Messrs. Blount and Brooke for the purpose of making 'sketches among majestic and unfamiliar scenery. His death, occurred after a few hours' ill ness, during the second day's march from tbe coaBt,and the sad intelligence was cabled to his lawyer iu this city by a servant of Mr Blount's, who had been sent back to Zanzibar for that object. Thus again does the Dark Continent deprive us of genius.' 4 Gratifying to you hereafter to know how a 44 Herald " reporter classifies you,' Wynne said, giving the cutting to Tom with a smile. 4 Just now it is more important that we should analyse such facts as .you may remember concerning the servant who sent tba.t cablegram. Did Blount discharge him ? Or did he have any grudge against you ?' 'Not the slightest. Nor was he discharged, he simply got funked and left us after the first bivouac. 4 From whom did Blount get him from ?' 4 From Fritz Van Eyck, who had employed him on his yacht, and who recommended him strongly. 4 Van Eyck ! — If somebody influ enced this servant to send the cable gram, that somebody must have had an object to gain by the report of your death. Van Eyck couldn't, of course 1' Wynne paused, as Tom uttered an exclamation, 4 The scoundrel !' 4 Go slowly, my boy,' the elder man said, gravely. Tom, who had grown very white, pressed both hands over bis eyes, while, with a flash of divination whose vividness dizzied him, he understood the whole plot. Two years in which to win Mabel from the memory of the lover she believed dead ? Such had been Van Eyck's object iu devising and accomplishing, through his old servant, this curious fraud. Doubt less the well paid servant had van ished. The master's complicity would be difficult to prove. Yet, more and worse, Van Eyck was attractive, de voted ; Mabel was probably already his wife — pure, proud Mabel, whose mis ery, should she discover that her hus band had been guilty of so base treachery, would not bo lessened by tbe knowledge that he was tempted by the love of her. K (To be continued .) / 