Unconscious Humour. A friend of the writer, connected with a public school, has obliged him by furnishing him with a number of genuine schoolboy essays, -which have come under his ^personal notice from time to time. The writer pre Sfinta thflm as ?Khfvtr pame\ in Tiirn nnr? V-o1iotrao that, as specimens of pure, unadulterated humour, they can hardly be excelled. The following is an essay written by a schoolboy in Cardiff : — King Henry 8 was the greatest widower that ever lived. He was at a place called Anno Domini in the year 1066. He had 510 wives, besides children. The first was beheaded and afterwards execution. She never smiled'again. . The second was revoked, and died from that complaint. She said that the word Calais would be found in her heart after death. The greatest man in this rain was Lord Sir Garrett Wolsey. He was sir named the Boy Batchelor. He was born at the age of 15, unmarried. Henry 8 was suc ceeded on the throne by his grate grand mother, the butiful and accomplished Mary Lady of the Lake; or the Lay of the Last Minstrel.' Another ingenuous youth in the vicinity of Oxford produced tie subjoined paper at a certain examination : — ' Who was Henrv TTT ? — A ?znnlnno o,^,,n,,^,. of the Church and Cardinal Sir Lord Wolsey. He could not bear dissentry, but caught it bad once, and died of the same. What is a Papal Bull ? — A sort of cow, only larger, and does not give milk. It is sometimes called a golden calf. Who was Oliver Cromwell ? — Oliver Cromwell was a man who was put into prison for his interference in Ireland. When he was in prison he wrote the ' Pilgrim's Progress,' and married a lady called Mrs. O'Shea. During the rain of Oliver Cromwell there was a celebrated |man named Perkin Warbeck. He said he was the son of a prince, but he was really the son of respectable people.' The following luminous and distinctly original papers emanate from certain schools in London : — Scripture — Esau was a man who wrote fables, and sold the copyright for a bottle of potash. Titus was a Roman Emperor, supposed to have written the Epistle to the Hebrews. His sir name was Oates. A republican is a sinner mentioned in the Bible. The two chief volcanoes in Europe ? Sodom and Gomorrah. UnglisJi. History. — Wolsey was a famous general who fought in the Crimean War, and who, after being decapitated several times, said to Cromwell : ' If I had only served you as you have served me, I would not have been deserted in my old age.' Wesley was the founder of the Wesleyan Chapel, who was afterwards called Lord Wellington ; a monu ment was erected to him in Hyde Park, but it has been taken down for repairs. Definitions. — What is the meaning of 'Hydrostatics?' Hydrostatics is when a mad dog bites you. It is called hydrophobia yyuou u. uug is iua,u, ana nyarastatics when a man catches, it. What is Divine right? The liberty to. do what you like in church. A fort ? A fort is a place to put men in,, and a fortress a place to put women in. How many senses have we? Eight. The senses of taste, sight, touch, hearing, and smelling; also, common sense and nonsense, and the annual senses (census) when the board man comes around to know why you wasn't at school. He calls it absense. English Language and Literature-.— Latin of the 4th period was introduced into the language at the invention of Christianity, o97 A.D., when the nobility and gentry spoke iatin-French, and the Danes settled the throne for nearly thirty years. Keats wrote a savage criticism on* Endymion, which brought on consumption. Hamlet was weak minded, fond of study, but too weak to |ulfil his duty which tho ghost told him. Ho was very good to his mother. He pro fains madness, h© really only puts it on, but people says he was mad. One day when he was fighting, the King asked him. if he would tave a drink, &c.; He puts poison in it, and Hamlet said he would wait until the Queen took it, and then she falls down dead, Hamloi immediately stabs himself, kills his father* and drinks the poison, an dies — Kurtin. A sonnet is ' a thing that has in its first four lines two meteors, and in the last six two meteors again. 