1 BROKEN LITTER. ** Is hi* lordship (Waiting breakfast, Par kins, or baB he already begun 2” cried Lady Evesham, rushing like a whirlwind in a riding habit into the great cool, pillared hall of Evesham House, one fair May morning. “ His lordship is not yet down, ray. lady; lint Leon has been with him three- quarters of an hour," answered Parkins. “ Then serve breakfast; his lordship won’t be long.” And Lady Evesham, with- the lilt of a valse to which she. had danced the previous night bubbling from her lips, be took herself to the. sunlit, flower decked snn'ggery where she and her husband alwavs had their first meeting of the day. “ Lal-la, lal-la, la, la. Ah, how pretty that is !” said she, fioishing the phrase with a little trill. “ And how well Rupert Leighton dances ! But then he’s a sort of modem ‘ Admirable Crichton ’—and he knows it," She palled her white sailor-hat from her dose-curled head, and then began to unbutton her riding-gloves. “ But I suppose he’s been spoilt. ■ He’s awfully handsome, and he’s had, a carious success in making women the fashion. He launched Lady Lowestoft two seasons ago, and I'm sure she’s no great bean cy, with her sea- green eyes and white I drawn faoe; yet she’s been all the rage. Last night he said he meant to make me the new beauty.” A delicious little amiic dimpled the corners of her mouth aiid flickered in the depths of her grey eyes. “Ah! what non sense I’m thinking. I’d better see what the post has brought.” : ■:/.> ■ ^ - She turned briskly from .the window to the breakfast-table, but the coquettish smile still' lingered in her eyes as she ran through her morning’s correspondence. “A card for the duchess’s dance on Thursday. Concert tickets from Madame Borio. Hum!—all the Royalties going. I must buy them, I suppose. To meet the Prince at MrB Samuel Eichstein’s. Heavens ! how these Jews do get everybody. What’s this? An invitation to dinner from Mrs de Montmorency. Why, that's the dreadfnl woman who bad a stall nest mine at that bazaar affair up iu Scotland. Tony Brockle hurst told me she was quite impossible.” j She tossed t.he notes aside, and gave alittle yawn that just showed two rows of very white teeth and the tip of a scarlet tongue. “ What a dull post! 1 wonder f John has got anything better?” Her whito fingers wandered among the pile of letters by her husband’s plate. “From the, steward ; from Jenke, the trainer ; from the lawyers. Three with the city postmark, five from clnbs. That one is from Lady Janet Stepney, I know—begging, of course, for her orphans, or curates, or indigent mothers ; that’s from Bertie Stanoopc,—what a niggle he writes; \--and Oh ! this must be What they call a type-written thing.’’ Lady Evesham picked from the scattered pile a common square envelope bearing an Easi-end postmark and addressed in type to “The Viscount Evesham, Evesham House, Park lane.” “How queer it seems that a maohine should write all that so straight and neat. I’d no idea it looked so tidy and business-like. 1 think I’ll make John buy me one to write to my dressmaker with. Typewriting looks so awfully fieice.” She scrutinised the letters still closer. “ This one isn’t quite faultless, though. There’s something wrong with the capital E. It’s got a whito spot- Ah! John at last! ” She dropped the letter among the others, and ran to greet her husband, who stooped from his superior height and kissed her very lovingly. A year ago society had called John, Viscount Evesham, aged 55, a fool to saddle his wealth and his freedom with a mere girl as a wife ; but his bride had been so sweet, so gracious, so innocently pleased with her new surroundings, and bo unaffected, that at the beginning of this her second season the most cynical had voted the marriage a suc cess, and the young viscountess an acquisi Lord Evesham,adored his wife, yet with that tentative worship, that love tinged with denbt, which must always be where the adorer is speeding swiftly down life’s hill and. the object of adoration is every day. growing more lovely and more desirable. - - His first few months of married life, when, as a bride, Lady Evesham, had won wide spread and open admiration, had been tor ture to him. Even now his self- depreciatory doubt's were only lulled to slumber by the perfectly blameless coaduct of his wife. “ I’m sorry to have kept you waiting, my dear,” he began, with old-fashioned courtesy, “but the morning was so fine I mads sure you would prolong your ride.” “So I might have done, for Mr Leighton —he has quite constituted himself my cavaliere servante iu the Row—was most amusing ; hut Kittie Hamer joined us, and it's horrid riding three abreast—one has to shout so. I left them at the top of the Row, “Leighton rides with you, does he?” queried Lord Evesham, looking over the top of his letters. • “ Yes, dear ; almost always.’* And then an utterly unaccountable foolish blush rose from the edge of her linen collar to where the tendrils of her tawny hair kissed her white brow, until throat and. ears and cheeks were alike bathed in the crimson tide. “Hum!” said his lordship, while Lady Evesham, furious with herself at the triok her unruly self-consciousness had played with her, took refuge in her breakfast. Silence regained, broken only by the faint tinkle of the silver and china and by the rustle of Lord Evesham’s letters. Suddenly he started, grew pale, then red, looked from his wife to a slip of paper in his hand, and back again. What a strange coincidence ! “Watch your wife!” in typewritten characters, stared from the paper before him ; opposite was the downcast face ot his wife—the face which had been but a moment back dyed with a guilty blush at the chance mention of the name of a mere acquaintance. The next moment he gathered up his letters and left the room. Lady Evesham, too, sprang from her chair. ‘1 Why was I such a fool ?” she cried to her self in a tall mirror. ‘ ‘ W hat made me do such ahateful, stupid, underbred thing as to blush like a gawky sohoolgirl—and at Rupert Leighton’s name, too !—a man who She did not speak the words that rose to her lips. Only the faint coquettish smile—the smile of a woman who is beautiful, who is flattered, who is beloved dawned again in the misty depths of her eytB.. \- And it was with that same smile that , she welcomed Mr Leighton in her opera-bax that niflhf <'• .if-'A.pn "tiiify- an- yiour latelr shif , floatei roDnd . «rb«liroom in’ the~arnnroTJtnai • man for whom she had blushed so strangely In the morning. Before Lord Evesham’s eyes and in his ears were ever the!:words, “Watch yonr wife!” i A younger map, one surer of his hold upon a I woman’s heart, would hayo shown her the shameful thiffg But he was afraid. He tried to keep. burden of doubt and dis belief to hinnsif; yet Beatrix Evesham guessed at its’f-cistence, though she knew neither its origi nor reason. Only she felt that there was jh love behind his courtesy, no warmth in ^ kindness, no faith in his generosity. ■ • “Watch Yo4jwife!” Lord Evesham watched, and !«*• Evesham knew it. One night, aVliurtingham, her wounded . ide found yenjLtiupert Leighton, as ever, was by her Bide^he strolled to the river’s edge, and, witn>;le petulance of a spoilt child, for the nijkime gave words to her trouble. She ^Overwrought, and for a few moments sMpbte hysterically, j„. coherently, 8carcc|Lctcon3ng that she had a listener. Then, w|a little sob, she dropped id began to ory, aBan her head on her aj angry woman wi “ Lady EvestyM me terrihly! Ar< “Am I sure? of the day. l am ments, then doubt Bhameful 1” . “ It is most cruel “ Pardon the qui him any camse——? at you tell me ebooks [sure-?” logged at avery hoar [oned about my move y faoe. It is* moat id Leighton, slowly, jmthare yeti given “Mr Leightoiv 1 how dare you 1” flashed from her through the cobalt summer sight. I He bowed humbly before he Bpoke again. “Then, to. what do you attribute this change ? Has any other woman—— ? • ■ She shook her head. Suddenly through the shadows Rupert Leighton’s hand stole to Beatrix Eresham’s arm, and he drew her so olose to bun that his breath fanned her hot cheeks. “ Lady Evesham, I nave an idea. What layout husband is carrying on an intrigue with a woman ? What if he fears discovery | and subsequent proceedings, and is even now making every effort to trump up a counter charge against, you ?’’ “Ah! Mr Leighton, how horrible, how cruel to ruin one woman, aud that his wife, at the expense of another-!” “ Whom he loves,” whispered Leighton. “ Doyou not see, can you not believe, that this is the truth—that he is tired of you— that your youth and innocence and beauty are not enough for him P Ab! Lady Evesham—Beatrix—let me convince yon; let me find proof that what I say is “Mr Leighton, I cannot, dare not, ask you to interfere in this most terrible difficulty. You've been my friend, my good friend, and I believe you have my happiness and welfare at heart, but-” Leighton’s arms were about her now; his heart beat strong agaiust her breast. | “ Beatrix 1” he murmured hoarsely, “I have no friendship for yon. Love, adora tion, passion fill me fcr you. If. I can con vince you of the trnth.of my suspicions,, give me my guerdon—give me yourself.” ‘ She slipped from his arms ; add fled down the dim pathway. : \ “ Where have yon been all this time?” said 1 her husband’s voioe through the dusk. "The. horseB have been waiting for half an hour.” “ I am ready to go,” answered Lady Eves ham, and, looking neither to the right nor to the left, she swept before him to her car riage. Lady Evesham slept little that night. Her shattered faith in her husband's loyalty and trnst, Leighton’s love, her own unhappiness, jostledin her brain the weary hours through, and it was a very ghost of Lady Evesham who sipped her choooiatc next morning .and broke the seals of half a dozen letters. Suddenly the blood rushed to her paleface. She sat upright among her lace trimmed pil lows. A common envelope, bearing a type written address, quivered in one hand; a slip of paper was in the other, “If yon would have a proof, be in private room No. 3 at tho Imperial Cafe to- day at four o'clock.” “ N* signature, no address,” cried Beatrix Evesham. “ But the envelope is enough. Tho E’s are broken like those on that other letter which came five weeks ago. Ah 1 who can be so base, so wicked as to wish to wantonly destroy the happiness of two The big clock over the Imperial Cafe had barely struok four, when a woman, whose perfect toilette was marred hv the singular thickness of her veil, glided into the doorway and asked the way to the private rooms. . “Upstairs and to the left.” And scarcely had the lady disappeared when Lord Evesham passed into the building, and followed in the fair one’s footsteps. His lordship moved quickly, but in spite of his efforts only arrived in the discreet cor, ridor on which the private rooms were, in time to hear the sharp click of a closing door, followed by an exclamation in a voice he knew too well. The sound same from No. 3. Lord Eve sham looked round. Luncheons were over, dinners not yet begnn; he was alone, and in another second was pressing his eye to the small keyhole. “ Yon here, Mr Leighton 1 I don’t under stand,” said the voice. “ Lady Evesham, don’t put me in the posi tion of havii£g[to explain.” It was Leig'hton who answered. “Explain? Explain what?. Ah! a light breaks in ugon me. I begin to understand. It is you—Jrdu—a gentleman, a friend, who sent che letter to my husband whioh has nearly broken his heart and wrecked my. life. It is you, the maker of society beauties, the .moBt popular man in town, who have woven a, tissue of lies about me, and have spread, si net for me to-day into which my feet have- almost strayed. Answer me, Mr Leighton—Why have yon done, this thing ? Her voice all through had been-low and steady, it was Leighton’s which shook as. he answered—. “ Because—because I love you 1” u Bah 1 Men such as yon do not know the meaning of that sacred word. The reason I came here to-day was to discover the identity of the person, man or woman, who sent those two letters to my husband’s house. I find you, whom I believed to be a friend, whom I dow know to be a fee—and yon talk to me of love 1” She iluug out her hands, “Ah! that I were a man to pnnish you as you de serve !” Her prayer for "a righteous revenge was answered. The door opened a little space, and the tall, spare form of Lord Evesham slipped into the room. “ John 1 You here ?’’ cried Lady EveBham, laying her fingers aoross her mouth to stifle the little scream of joy that arose in her throat. “ Stand aside !’’ said his lordship. Then, with upraised arm, he advanced on the cul Twice the writhing victim cried for mercy, and twice Lord Evesham muttered, “ Coward!’’ When at last the heavy walking-stick snapped in two, Lord Evesham, without east ing one look at what lay at hiB feet, turned to his wife and led her from the room. _ Once outside in the dim silence of the cor ridor, Lady Evesham raised her husband’s hands to her lips and kissed them. “ Thank yon—thank you a thousand times. But, oil 1 my dear, why did you- not trust me?” Lord Evesham bowed low beforsher. “ Dear wife 1 I cannot regret what I have done to-day. I shall trust you to the last hour of my life.” Then herladyship reeled a little. “ John, dear, take me home quickly. It was an awful sight. I feel—rather—faint.”—“ The World.” 