received through tlie post by the Rev. B). J, Barnet on Tuesday. After dealing with purely formal matters Mr. Stewart con tinues " Your two ladies, Miss Nellie Saunders and Miss Topsy Snunders arc here and again at work. Alias Nellie is in charge of two classess of charming little boys from 12 to 10 years old, piotted out from the vvliolc district as (jiving special promise of future usefulness. They will be the teachers of from five to ten years hence. She also has a fine lot of women on Sunday mornings, and a-day school on Saturday afternoons, also village visiting every week. "Miss Topsy Is located at a place called Bek-Chek Du, about twelve miles north froin here. JUiss Elsie Marshall is with her. They are in charge of all the women workers, covering an immense area of about 300 square miles. She has women's classes, girls' and boys' schools, a little dispensary, and any amount of visiting-, people coming to her and she going to them. " They are both very happy, and our only wish is that you will send out some mora like-minded." MISS SAUNDKRS AND HER WORK. A letter received from Miss Nellie Saunders, written last year (August 10, 1894) gives some indicntion both of the religions character of the mission work and the religious enthusiasm with which it was undertaken. These ate extracts " Eu Chen?, August 10,1891. " I.et me tell you something about this part of China, where the Lord lias placed us. Fooohow is our seaport, town, and the population within the city walls is about 500,000, not counting the villages (crowded with people) scattered round aboui for miles among the hills. Ku Cheng city, near which we are living with Ihe Stewarts, is rather a large one, but not a very busy place. " There are a good numlterof literary men In this city, and they certainly do make themselves very busy about the foreigners preaching the Gospel. They are quieter tiow Man they used to be. The first missionary in Ku Cheng about 20 years ago was beaten out of "the city in the middle of a very hot day, and died from the effects of the treatment he received. % " The head mission station of the district is here, and a blessed work going on in the country round. I wish you could see the Chinese church in the city some .Sunday when there is n good congregation, lb is quite a large building, and it is usually well filled. Tlie head catechist of the district, I.int; Sing Mi, is such a devoted, fimvle-hosrted Christian of many veal's' standing ; his unselfish, earnest life would put iiuny of us to shame-1 mean when his oppor tunities and advantages are compared with what we have in the home lands. I would ask you to remember him in your prayers. The Lord has seen well to deal with him in what one might think a strange way, in taking from him one by one all his children except one little girl. "All round in the district of Ku Cheng there are other stations, each with a catechist, who carries on the writ among the men. Ihe women's work vta much more lately begun, and there have been-till the last few yens-no English women to undertake the work. The ladies have these places divided among them, and lrom time to time travel round preachintr the Gospel and teaching those who have already believed in Jesus. That is very important work. " In the beginning of the year I went with another lady missionary up to the district of Ping-hang. We went first to the station, where the head cate chist of Ping-hang lives; such a pretty lilt'eplace, lying among the hills. There are beautiful hillsin Fuh kien, and the river rushing along close by it, crossed, by the long bridge from which the village takes its came. We slept upstairs in a room not remarkable for anything in the way of elegance, but it was clean. In tbeC iristians' houses it is generally clean to some extent, but in the inns or anywhere along the road it is fearfully dirty. The people don't at all mind piss, dogs, and hens running all over the house, while in front of the door you go in by there is usually a square place where all the rubbish is thrown and the pigs' food; so when it rains it is dreadful, and you wonder it does not make them all ill. "It was so delightful to sec in your letters that you, too, are thinking of the fields in far distant lands, ' white unto harvest.' Put 1 would like to tell you, what perhaps you have the meed of being tested by the Spirit of God l«fore deciding. I do assure you that 1 never in my life-though I had been through sore temptations and trials-knew what it was to feel the force of the devil's power as I hare known it since we came here. I could not tell you, I could not put it into words, the awf ulness of the force of temptation with which the devil assailed my Goal after we came to China. " There is nothing at all to fear-Jesus Him* self is here, more real, move precious than ever. But there is that other side of St, that makes me say to you-oh, so earnestly-do count the cost, do make sure that the gift of the power of the Holy Ghost in your own life has been made youts by your asking and receiving in faith." 