FICTION. "The Fact o! the Matter." Yesterday morning the body of a well dressed woman of refined ap pearance waa found in the Thames at Richmond. Every means of resusci tation waB tried id vain : life was ex- tinct. Her linen bore the initials' fix. W.' Up to the time of going to press no clue had been obtained, to her- identity. - That was the paragraph that ap peared in the papers. This is the story of ' M. W.', that the papers did not know. - She was a. governess, and he mar ried her. His world smiled ; hisfam- ily looked askance ; his uncle politely intimated that if there was one thing that bored him more than another it was a fool, and wished him, a regretful but firm adieu. At the club it waB observed that Lord Oswald Chevenix exceeded his usual allowance of Mad eira at lunch, and was seen to read his favorite paper npBide down on the day that he parted with his adopted son. Prank Wentworth cut all his old friends, took the wife for whom he had sacrificed a prospective ten-thousand a year home to a second floor lodgings in Bloomshury, and set to work to dis cover the market value . of a respect-t able degree at Oxford and a nice taste in horseflesh and necktieB. Guilford street was a change from Grosvenor square. And- at the end of three months, when his watch and chain had gone to join his Bpare cash in their landlady's exchequer, he had learned the indisputable fact that the city was not waiting for a young man who had never earned a penny in his life. He had begun his search for em ployment by indulging in visions of a secretaryship for four or five hundred a year — 'not luxury, of course, but with economy we could manage.' _ He ended by accepting a clerkship in a fruit broker's office, which would just enable them to live. But this time the gilding of romance had worn a little thin perhaps, and the pinchbeck of reality had begun to show beneath. At first the idea of working for her— the idea that she waB dependent upon his brains and reliability— had filled the boy with ela tion, he had felt a hero with the strength of a Hercules, eager to do battle for her against the world. But unfortunately there was no opportun ity for the display of his immense energy and ambition. An emergency, a danger, might not have found him wanting, buttbe limitationa.of life in a city office taxed his nerves, stole the | buoyancy from his stop, the brightness from his eyes. Her continual pre sence, too, had lost the charms of j novelty. Nevertheless no word of regret passed his lips, he was hot a cad. But the eyes of the woman who loved him saw how he wearied and sickened of tbe petty economies of their daily life, and wept in Becret at the ruin she had wrought. ' Our. marriage was a mistake,' Bhe told herself. ' 1 was to blame. 1 knew more of poverty than he ?' ' I was to blame,'— bow womanlike ! It never occurred to her to reproach him for his want of foresight and self knowledge. ' I was to blame.' Mia culpa became the motive power of her every word and action. In her effort to repay bim for all he bad sacrificed she hovered about him with the tender solicitude during the few hours he spent at home : she questioned him with simulated ani mation about his work, and tried to cheer him with the songs he used to like. But the lodging house piano jaDgled painfully, and her eyes, fol lowing him- doglike and wistful in their mute fidelity, vaguely irritated him. Ho was conscious of her at tempts to amuse him, and grateful for the intention, but he would rather have gone to bed, or have read his newspaper in peace. Yes, the novelty of her prsseuce had gone. Continual fretting, too, was robbing her of the delicate freshness of coloring which had been her chief charm. He perceived it for the first time one afternoon when she came to meet him on his way home. On the same occasion he noticed that her hoots were shabby to shapelessnese, and that her gloves were darned. Of course it was not her fault, poor girl, but he hated a dowd ; the accessories to the toilet of a woman of refinement should be above reproach. He could not help it if the manner of his greet ing was the outcome of his thoughts. She turned with him, and they walked home side by side. In Hol- born she left him for a moment, while she went into a grocer'b to purchase some necessary adjuncts to" the even ing meal. As she rejoined him out side the shop, a smart brougham, im peded by a block in the traffic ahead, paused for an instant by the kerb, and "a woman leaned forward to bow to him. Hotly conscious of the un compromising parcels in his wife's arms, he lagged a step behind her on the crowded pavement in order that he should not be connected with her by his acquaintance of the olden days. The action had been slight, involun tary almost, but she noticed it ; he read it in the ghastly whiteness of the face she turned to him — in the piti ful smile with which she met his shamefaced gaze. Startled to a clearer understanding oE himself, he touched the hand in the cotton glove tenta tively, for very shame simulating ig norance of what he kn«w. 1 What is the matter ?' he said huskily. How you look, Marion.' Her quivering lips only retained a faint ghost of the smile ; there was no effort at Teply. Her silence made him feel infinitely small and mean, and he strove to exculpate himself, and soothe her pain. ' Marion, I haven't been myself of late : and I don't thitik I'm very well. Forgive.' She murmured her forgiveness, aud, repentant, he strove to amuse her — to talk some color into her cheek ; but his endeavors were in vain. Truth to tell, she scarcely heard him , she was looking at her reflection in the shop windows they passed, and wondering dully why she had never noticed be fore that the bloom of her youth had gone when it should have been at its zenith, and left her faded, and pallid, and almost plain. (To be continued ) 