CHAPTER LI. I I WHICH ENDS OTTR 6T0RY. “ With the return of Ethel Grey, Nicl was enabled to pick up tha lart link in the * great Triple Washington Mystery. * Chick found Ethel at her last hiding * place by shadowing Martha Lange on her ' first "viBit to her former mietreea after Nick’s return to Washington. > The first intention of Chick was to send 1 for Nick, bnt by a bit of > carelessness he 1 was detected at his watch. Fearing he 1 might again lose > this most important per* | son (for he had in the meantime discovered that it was Ethel Gray) he pat her nnder 1 arrest. ■ As soon as she folly realised her sitna* 1 tion she asked Chick to take her to Washington, and agreed to go without the 1 formality of requisition papers. As briefly as it conld be done, Niok related all that he had learned ia his work on the oase. Then he said— 11 It now remains for yon to furnish what farther information we nerd. Ton have been shielding some one F” “ Tee.” " Who is now dead f” “ Tea!” with a great sigh: “Your siBter P" ■< My half-sister.” " Leone Antonelli P” Ethel nodded. 11 Brayton Bussell’s wife V Again she merely nodded. "Why did yon shield and aid a mur deress P” " She was no mnrderess.” 11 She killed hsr husband.” “But she was irresponsible. The woman was a maniac.” After much persuation, Ethel was in duced to tell the whole story. Brayton Bussell had met Leone Antonelli on one of the latter's visits to the Grays at Paris. The result was a rscret marriage and the birth of a child. Then the young mother became a raving maniac, and was shut up in a madhouse. Bussell’s valet, the secret husband of Miss Ethel’s maid, had fonnd a woman who undertook the pare of the child for a stipulated sum until its father should be ready to claim it or make other arrangements for the boy's future. “ Why was snoh care taken to keep the existence of this child a secret t” asked Niok. “ Need you ask, since you know so much aboat the danger which threatened the existence of every Del Pnsnte heir P” was the reply. (' Tell me why you wire willing to shield this mad woman even at ths sacrifice of yonr own life P” “First, because »he was my half-sister and I loved her. Second, because I pro mised cur mother on her death-bed, when she revealed to me the relationship of Leone, that I would keep this sister’s birth—her very existence—a lecret a* well as that of the c WId, until after the claims to the Del Puente estate had all been al lowed. Everything might have gone well had not Leone escaped from her keepers in France.” “ Ah 1 She has been at large for some time, then P” "Yes. In her madness she had bnt one desire—-to escape and kill Brayton Bnssell for taking her child away from her. Gradually she grew better, and her phy sicians believed she was rapidly returning to a state of permanent sanity. They ac corded her the liberty which in her mad cunning she plotted to get, and when the opportunity came Bhe escaped. "The mad-honsa authorities informed Bussell of the escape. He sent for me, because he knew I was the only person who was fully informed of all the faota in the history of his unfortunate marriage. It waa I who met him at the Covington a month before his death, and waa driven to the Pennsylvania depot." " Why did you go to New York J” “ To be there when the French etesmer arrived next day. Mr Hassell believed that she would come direct to America, and might be a passenger on that steamer. He hoped I wonld be able to identify 'her. even if she was in disguise, and snooeed in getting her to return quietly with her grandmother, Mrs Antonelli, until he oould meet her there and make his peace with “ You met her there P” “No.” “ She waa not on the steamer P” “Yes. Bnt saw me first, and eluded me.” • “ Well, then what T” “ I never heard of her till—till the di of the tragedy. She then suddenly a peared ia my room, and she appeared to 1 perfectly sane and rational. All she d sired, she said, was to find the hiding-plat of her child,” “ You didn’t tall her P” “ No, because I didn’t know.” “ Well, go on.” " I was called away from the room ft a few minntes. When I returned she wi gone. At the same time I missed tl stiletto which Dr Jerome had given to m Then I feared she had designs on her hu band’s life. It was to warn him that cal'ed on him early on that fatal evening “After I left the Covington on a return, I suddenly discovered that I hi dropped one cf my gloves in Mr Bussell room, and I sent, as I supposed, my mai back for it. When I got home and aa Fanchon there, aid heard her story of tl womm who had threatened her with stiletto and compelled the surrender of tl cloak, I anticipated the terrible result. “ You know what happened when Leor returned to tie Covington in the guise c my maid. Had I not sent her, she wool undoubtedly have left ms before I reache home and returned without an excuse.” “ Where did she go after the crime wi committed ?” “I don’t know. She remained somi where in hiding in Washington, for al visited me here in this house severaltimi afterward, coming and going like a ghost. “Ah, yeat The day we heard thi pistol-shot in your room P” “I tiied to detain her, with father help. She waa armed, and fired that she at father. Then she kept us both unde cover of the weapon and compelled fathe to send you all away when yen oeme to th door to «ee what had happened.” 11 She war also the sewing girl who wen to yonr room the night of yonr flight P” “Yes. She was hidden behind thebei when Made Boutelle and I entered th reom. She heard Marie reveal the feo that she had Bnsetll’s.'ohild in her poeeea uob, wd to «how me the face m thi • ".. . locket; heard her offer 1o deliver the chi^d to au. lor a .certain sum of money; also heard her threaten to tarn the hoy over to hisdeadly enemies as a laet resort. "It was at that point that the maniacal mother-sprang from her place in hiding npon the victim and crashed the life out of Marie Bontelle in lets.than a minute, I was so horror-stricken -that I fainted. When I revived she was gone, aad the 1 deed body lay there .on the floor. Realising i my awful dilemma, I fled. “ Fats so directed my steps that I over » took Leone on the street. Her strength was nearly gone. Nothing but pity filled my heart for her. I palled a carriage, and ) we were driven to the depot in tune t< catch a train for New York. I tookhei • direct to her. grandmother’s, where yoi saw her dead-dead-r-the day after w< • arrived." . " Miss Gray, yon have one of thesi rings t” asked Nick, holding up the snak< ring on his watoh-ohain. " I have three of them.” Her answer was wholly unexpected. “Three?’’ . - .r - t • : "Yes One is Mr Oobden’s, as I sup pose you know. Another was given to m< by my mother, who told me its history, ani swore me to secrecy; it was the joint pro peity of Lsone and myself." “ And the third——” ' "Is the one taken from Brsyton Rnssell’i 9 body when he was killed." t " Taken by Leone f” " Yes. She had it when she died." ■ “ How do yon know she took the ring." c " Leone died perfectly sane, and relatec • to me all that occurred o* that tragii night when she went back to the Goring “ ton. She found Russell asleep in his chair and he never knew whose hand it was that I deprived him of life.” • “ Asleep!’’ I " Yea He complained of feeling drowej before I left him, in spite of the startling > news I took to him” "Do you know why he had sent foi Navarro that night P” “ Yes. To ask the senor plainly wbethei his mission to the United States was no! somehow connected with the Del Puente estate. He strongly suspected as much." “ There is nothing now left to clear uj n all this mystery except to discover Navarro’s motive in giving RubboII that drugged cigar," said Nick. "Drugged I The oigar drugged?'1 . gasped Eunice. " Yes. That is why his mad wife found him helpless and at her mercy when she entered his rooms. That the oigar was drugged can easily be shown. Miss Eunice, yon have the part of that oigar which was not consumed. Will yon bring it to me ?" Eunice's face expressed great surprise at the detective’s knowledge of that one of her secrets, bat she did not stop to ask any questions. A few minutes later Niok held in his bands the stamp of that cigar, for the possession of which he had declared to Superintendent Byrnes he wonld give JE100. “ Chick, I want yon to smoke the re rhaiader of this cigar, in the cause cf justice." Chick complied withe ut a word of oh jeotloo, and the effect was what Nick had expected. In twenty minutes Chick was under the influence of the drug. " I must arrest the only living parties to this great conspiracy, and discover just what part they have had in the four deaths which have come out of it,” said Nick. "You mean Ssnor Navarro and his wife ?’’ said Paul Cobdon. Exsctly.” Bnt neither the senor nor his wife aver fell into Ni'k’s official hands. When he oalied at their residence on Second-street an hour later, the house wsb found closed. The birds had flown. The Navarros escaped to South America, and news has just reached Superintendent Byrnes that Inez d<ed from an attack of yellow fever at Bio Janeiro less than one month ago. With her death is removed any possible benefit to Navarro which might come from the death of any of the remaining Del Puente heirs. There »re but three of those heirs alive now to claim the vast estate in Spain next December:—Ethel Gray, whose likeness to her unfortunate half-sister once deceived the greatest deteotive in the United States; Paul Cobdenj and the son of Brayton Russell and Leone Antonelli. Paul and Ethel will be mam's 1 just before they sail next winter tor Spain to take possession of their joint two-thirds of the princely wealth. Eunioe Gray has assnmed the guardian ship of Brayton Russell’s orphaned son, and is giving him the great love of her heart which went out to the father while the latter was alive. Mr Gray has folly recovered bis health and his normal physical proportions. He and Eunice, accompanied by little Leon Russell, Fanchon Bontelle and her hus band, who nave entered Mr Gray’s service, will sail for Europe immediately after the marriage of Paul end Ethel, to be gone on " the grand tear ” several years. Mr Gray has never got over bis pission for travel, and, after the tragic events of their last winter in Washington, he and Eunice feel a special need of the relief whioh they can only find in a constant change of plaoe. Both Niok Cuter and Superintendent Byrnes feel satisfied with the outcome of the great oonspiraoy. It would have been more satisfactory to them, pirhaps, could Dr. Jercme and his female confederate have been brought to justice and made to pay the penalty of their orimeanpon the soaffold. But, when they consider that suoh an outcome would have made public Ml the troubles and Borrows which nearly crushed out life aad happiness for Ethel Gray, they are reconciled to that whioh came to pass. Taua the Del Fnente conspiracy oomes to an end with only three living descen dants to claim the eccentric old don's bil lions, bub the three promise to prove moBt worthy heirs, who will not misuse the mighty power whioh their Monte Oristo possessions give them And when Nick Carter goes to Spain he will not have to build a castle there, for one will ba waiting to receive him as a most welcome gu*st. [thb end.] 