The Frazer Presbyterian Church, Springwood. LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE AND THE MEMORIAL STONES. (BY OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Another step to mark the growth of the religions wants of the residents of Springwood was advanced on Saturday afternoon last-another rung fixed in the ladder of places of worship, by the doing of which the needs of those who, whilst not objecting to the Anglican form of worship, prefer that of the con- conformist type, and will in a few months be enabled to prais8 and pray, and receive religions light, in accordance with what they con ceive to be the best mode their consciences dictate. It is only a few years apo since the beautiful Christ Chnrch, for Anglican worship, was crected in oar midst; then followed St. Thomas' Roman Catholic Chnrch, of a more humbic kind ; now we have the promise of a still larger and more commodious House of God than either of the others, the principal stones of which were laid with all due solemnity on Saturday. The import ance of this new erection cannot be questioned, either from a religions' or a social standpoint; -for it goes without saying that it will lead to more opportunities for those who are Church-goers more people will be brought into contact with religious observances, and as a necessary conse quence the congregations, as a whole, will be larger. As a social incident it is gratifying tc see in such a small community as this, numbering only about 400 souls, the erection of another handsome and durable Churofa, which when completed will prove quite an ornament to the town and another mark of respectability to the district. And we might go further on the question of the importance of this new edifice. There is the material progress of the district to be considered, and in that view we venture to think that the more the different spiritual necessities of the people are attended to the greater will be the residential population, and the greater the inducement for visitors to come amongst us. As to the ceremony on Saturday, the town was invaded for the purpose by a small army of ladies and gentlemen-clerical and lay- whoso brogue revealed the fact that they were born to the north of the Tweed ; and, to emphasize the circumstances of their nationality, there was a little fellow present-we are informed be is the son of the Rev. J. McKee-fully clad in the Scottish costume. An impromptu platfohn had been arranged for the principal visitors and officials, and the locality was nicely decorated with bunting-nautical, national, and otherwise. ' These flags had been kindly obtained through Mr. J. Ellis. On the platform were a number of chairs for accommodating the ladies who were to lay the stones and to assist in the singing ; so that altogether there were about ' 25 persons on the platform. As the clock struck three an ominous cloud broke overhead, baptizing all who were present rather unpleasantly. But the rain falls on the just and unjust alike, sad the 150 or more people present took it all in good part. One gent suggested a postponement for a quarter of an hour, but Mr, McKee was not made of brown paper, neither were the ladies and gentlemen present, so the proposal was not entertained. The Rev. J. McKee, Moderator of the Presbytery of the Hawkesbury and Minister of Penrith Dis trict, commenced the proceedings by giving out the first few lines of the Old Hundreth Hymn, and in the midst of the shower this hymn was sung by all in attendance. Mr. McKee then introduced the Rev. Dr. Cameron, who read a portion of Scripture. By this time another train arrived at the Spring wood Station, bringing a further contingent of visitors, and the attention of all was directed to a large framed etching of the proposed Church, executed by Mr. Cosh, the architect, which had been affixed to the scaffolding. The Presbyterian \- clergymen present,, besides the Rev. J. McKee, were: The Right Rev. J. Lamont(Moderator oftbe Presbyterian Assembly) and the Revs. Dr. Cameron (of Richmond), T. E. Clouston, and Alex. Smith, The Anglican Church was represented by the Rev. E. G. Cranswick, R.D., and the Wesleyan by the Rev. W. H. Williams. Most of these gentlemen were on the platform, as also were the ladies who were to take part in laying the stones, viz.: Mes dames James Ewan, Wo. Manson, J. -Ellis, W. J. Rayner, and J. R. Urquhart. The members of the Church Committee present were: Messrs. J. Ellis, Treasurer; J. M. Lyon, Secretary; H. C. L Anderson, M.A., and A. Ferguson. The remaining Committee man, Mr. Fred Wilson, was unable, through an accident, to attend. The Revd. James McKee, then addressed those assembled as follows.:-Ladies and gentlemen. It affords me much pleasure to meet you all here to day on this auspicious occasion. I may say that for over two years past we have been trying to get a place in which to hold regular services here, but have been unable to do so until lately. About two years ago we held our first service under the shade of these trees. The audience was not large, about 24\. After the lapse of some months, the next service was held in the Hotel, kiodly given for the occasion. As you may imagine there were difficul ties in the way of holding services in the Hotel, and we had to desist. No building in Springwood was available for the purpose of holding Divine service, until our kind friend, Mrs. Urquhart, came to our rescue. She with her worthy father very kindly placed at our disposal the large verandah of their beautiful mountain home, " Braemar Lodge," and ' at very great inconvenience and considerable expense Mr. Lawson and Mrs. Urquhart have allowed us to meet on their verandah for several months past. Let me here say, no trouble has been too great for Mrs. Urquhart to secure the Bucce9S of these sarvices. The verandah is screened in; and all the chairs in the house nru placed in order upon it, and it is a very comfortable place of meeting. In connection with th.se servloes I must mention the labour of love so kindly rendered by our good friends, Messrs. Lyons and Rayner, In arranging the seating, etc. We are deeply indebted to. those gentlemen. The want of a place to meet in led me in the early part of July, 1893, to approach the Trustees of the late Honorable John Frazer, who had bequeathed a sum of £500 towards the erection of a Presby ' terian Church here. The number was not sufficient to justify the Trustees at that time granting the beqnest. The success of the services on the verandah, confirming the expressed wish of over one hundred residents, led me, some three months ago, again to approach the Trustees, who at once paid the sum of £500, upon one condition, rvhicb the Treasurer may mention. The success of the services held on the verandah was so encouraging that we resolved to go forward. Accordingly a Committee, consisting of Messrs. Lyon, F. Wilson, A. Ferguson, J. EllisJ and H. C. L, Anderbon, M.A., were elected. Wo held a meeting, and a Building Committee was appointed. After a good deal of consultation Architects were chosen (Messrs. Slatyer and Cosh), plans were prepared, tenders were called for, twenty-two of which were received; and Mr. Neil Livingston's tender for JC563 being the lowest, it was accepted. The attendance at and interest in the services during the past three months have haTe been most encouraging ; we began with some 50, and have had'as many as 100 attending. As soon as the new .Church is ready for use we may feel constrained to hold, if . not weekly services, three each moDth. Th« rough. long road from Penrith, if not smooth ,«nd shortened, has been made more pleasant by the very great encouragement given me. We go for ward in the Master's promise, " I will be with you always," and feel assured that we are doing right. We do not come in opposition to the Church of England, or to in any way lessen the attendance there; we wish to work in harmony and co-operate in the furtherance of nil that is gooi. We feel the claim of the people to have additional services was right and irresistible. We feel it was due to the memory of our benefactor that the money he left should be used in its legitimate channel, and that so good a man should have a monument worthy of his magnanimity. In this building-the Frazer Presbyterian Church-the name of John Frazer will be handed down to generations yet unborn, and our children's children may look upon an example which may stimulate them to similar acts. The object of the worthy donor will be accomplished wben the people of Springwood will have this Church opened for public worship) and whin the sound of the good tidings of salvation will be beard within its Bpacioas walls 1 That here many sons and daughters may be born agaiD, and so our God glorified, is our aim and prayer ; and in securing this our worthy brother, though dead, yet speaketh 1 Mr. J. Ellis then addressed the audience relating to the work of the Committee, expressing their confidence in being able to carry out the under taking. He explained that by the tenor of the late Hon. John Frazer's will a valuable site of 3£ acres had been bequeathed for the Church, and £500 towards the erection of the building. The Com mittee preferred accepting the lowest tender for the building, the cnst of which would be about £600, and he trusted the friends would liberally subscribe to it. One condition (referred to by Mr. McKee) of the Trustees of the late Mr. Frazer was that £60 per annum should be subscribed towards the sup port of a clergyman, and the Committee thought this object would be achieved. He then presented Mr». James Ewan with a handsome trowel and mallet with which to lay the foundation stone. This stone had been suspended by shear legs, and bore the following inscription:-"Frazer Presbyterian Church. Foundation stone laid by Mrs. J. Ewan. 17th August, 1895." The position of this stone is in the centre of the North Eastero, or porch end, of the building. Prior to laying this, Mr. Lyon read a copy of a document which, with an extract of the late Mr. Frazer's will, and copies of THE NEPEAN TIMES, the S.M, Herald and the- Daily Telegraph of 17th August, 1S95, had been placed in a sealed bottle and deposited in a cavity under the principal stone, The document was as follows : "Springwood, August 17th, 1895. Foundation stone laid by Mr*. James Ewan. Memorial stones by Mesdames Mnnson, Rayner, Ellis, and Urquhart. The Eight Revd. j. Lamont, Moderator of the Assembly. The Right Revd. Dr. Cosh, Moderator o£ Federal Assembly. The Revd. James McKee, Minister of Springwood. Committee of Management; Messrs. Lyon, Secretary ; Ellis, Treasurer j Andersou, Ferguson and Wilson. Lieutenant-Governor, Sir Fred. Darley. Premier, Mr. G. H. Reid. Archi tects. Messrs. Slatyer & Cosh ; Builder, Mr. N. Livingston. Extract of the will of the late Honorable Jno. Frazer. Copies of THE NKPEAN TIMES, S.M. Herald and Daily Telegraph." Mrs. Ewan then advanced, and, striking the stone three times, said : " I declare this stone to be well and truly laid, in the names of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." The four memorial stones, which are also at the northern end of the Church, were then lowered in turn, these bearing the words, " Memorial stone," and the lady's name who per formed the ceremony, and a similar date. Mrs. Manson then said: Before laying this stoue I Bhould like to Bay that I regret very much that Mrs. Frazer is not here herself to perform the ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the Frazer Memorial Presbyterian Church, about to be erected to the memory of her late husband, for I know it is the dearest wiph of her heart to carry out all that he desired. I take this opportunity to pay a tribute to the memory of him by whose generosity we are here assembled to-day to lay these stones. In looking back upon Mr. Frazer's life, which was all too short, we can trace in all his actions his earnest desire to serve his God in being a bene factor to his fellow townsman, and he has left a noble example. While seeking for a country resort he did not forget to make provision for an altar to his God, and for the erection of a Church wherein the pure Gospel of Christ could be heard by those dwelling around him. I need not call to remem brance his many noble acts of philanthrophy and charity, and also his benefactions to our own Church, for I know they will never be forgotten. To those who knew him as a personal friend his memory will be ever green and fragrant. I have now great pleasure in laying this stone, and pray that God's blessiDg may rest upon this building about to be erected to His glory ; and 1 thank you for the honour you have conferred on me in asking me to take part in this ceremony. 1 now declare this stone well and truly laid, in the names of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. The third stone was then laid in a similar manner by Mrs. Rayner ; then followed the laying of the fourth Btono by Mrs. Urquhart, and the fifth and last by Mrs. Ellis, each lady nsing the same form of words in so doing. The Right Rev. the Moderator then asked a blessing for the undertaking, the country, the District, the clergy, and all sorts and conditions of men. The Rev. J. McEee then announced that dona tions might be laid on the foundation stone, and for some time cheques, gold, notes, and silver were brought merrily forward, so that at the conclusion of the meeting the total amount was announced by the Treasurer to be £46 2s. The Right Rev. J. Lamont, F.L.S., Moder ator of the Presbyterian Assembly, then addressed the gathering, as follows: We have seen the foundations " well and truly laid" of another House for the worship of the true and living God. When the ruins of heathen temples are discovered in different parts cf the world these ruins furnish clear proof of the vitality, at some period of the world's history, of those religions in connection with whose service the temple had been built. So this Church begun to be erected shows that the gospel of Christ is a living power in the hearts and lives of men and women here and now. Every building erected for such a sacred purpose is an additional testimony to the truth of God's Word and to the value of the great Salvation which it contains. The building of another Church in this town is the creation here of another fortress to defend the faith which our fathers toiled and struggled to uphold, and for which many of them bled and died. Another Christian Church planted in this beautiful town. with alt the healthful institutions which will soon be connected with it-is like another army^of faith ful soldiers come to strengthen the garrison of which the Lord himself is the Captain and King. The army of Christ must everywhere close its ranks against the common foe, and we who are building this Church desire to help all others here who call themselves by the name of Christ It is expected and believed that thiJ Church will not weaken any other Christian Church, but will strengthen all, and be a real help-indirectly if not j directly-to every Christian man and woman in thiB place. We believe that it will exert a hallow ing influence here. It will be the means of preserving in the right path some who might otherwise wander. It will be a home rich in sweet and holy influences to the young. And it will become the means of stimulating the Christian love and energy and zeal of many who shall in their turn become sources of blessing to many more. As Presbyterians, we do not profess to preach a fuller Gospel than another Christian denomination. We do not claim that in our own Communion salvation is to be.found. But we do think that our own Church is upon the whole the moat Scriptural in doctrine, and in form of government. We bring an open Bible, and we profess to preach and to teach the doctrines contained therein. And we believe that our Presbyterian system of Church government is practically that which is found in the New Testament. We disclaim all authority of early ecclesiastical history where it is different from the Now Testament, and we feel that we are safe while we keep close to that which has been revealed. Our Presbyterian form of Church govern ment is of such a nature that it is suited to all countries and to all peoples, and to all classes in the community. There is nothing at all peculiar about our worship or doctrine, or our form of government. This is shown by the fact that such a large number of Christians in every part of the world have adopted our Presbyterian form of Church government. Some of you may ba astonished to learn that there are throughout the world no fewer than sixteen millions of Presbyterian Chris tians. Some people in these colonies ignorantly call our Church the Scots Church. But the whole population of Scotland is less than four millions ; so that even if it is true that the Scotsman is inclined to wander away from home, it is suiely not to be expected that twelve millions of Scotsman would roam abroad, and only four millions remain at home. The latest statistics of this Colony show that there are 106,464 persons who profess to hold our principles, or about 9} per cent, of the population. About one person in every ten we meet is or ought to be a Presbyterian, and the lelative proportion is steadily increasing. A Church holding the Presbyterian system of Government is able to manage all its affairs a* well as any Church in existence. It can maintain ita purity of doctrine and worship from generation to generation, for it can deal in the moit decided manner with all those who offend in either word or deed. Its machinery for the exercise of dis cipline is very complete, though it is very loath to set it in motion unless in matters of vital importance. Bat when it is set in motion its movement- is steady and it is sure, and its result is usually justice, as far as that can be in a world like ours. Bat, though we hold by firm conviction our own form of Church Government and worship to oe the purest and best, and the nearest to that which is found iu the New Testament, yet we look upon all those as brethren who love our Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity. We recognise the Churches to which they belong ns branches of the true Church of Christ. In all their efforts to extend theirdenominationalboundaries-while they advance the cause of the Gospel-we cordially wish them God-speed ; their work and oura being really the same. Those who shall yet assemble in the hand some building whose foundations have now been laid will, 1 nm sure, co-operate with other Chris tians in every good work, and will perform their part in everything that is sought to be accomplished for the welfare of this town and neighbourhood. As Christians connected with this Church, they will not be behind whenever the faithful are expected to bear testimony to, or contend for. the faith as it is in Jesus. May the Great King and Head of the Church give His blessing to this work which is now begun 1 May His presence and power be felt by all those who shall worship within these walls I May this place be none other than a House of God and a Gate of Heaven I Mr. W, J. Rayner, J.P., as a lay metnbei of the Wesleyan Church, expressed his pleasure and con gratulations at what had taken place, it being his earnest desire that opportunity should be afforded for Wesley an services. He would like to say a few words about the progress of Church matters since he had been living here. When ho first came, 18 years ago, there were not any services of a religious character ; and it was not until a few years later, when the ^ lato Honorable Charles Moore came to reside ^ here, that the first Church of England services wero held on that gen tleman's verandah (which was enclosed the same way as Mr. Laswon's verandah is now for services). Those services on Mr. Moore's verandah were held monthly at first, and the residents were, reminded of those services by Mr. Moore, who fired off bis cannon at 10 a.m. on the previous Saturdays as a warning. The congregations increased and became so great that Mr, Moore erected a Conservatory, in which the services were subsequently held. Then the Church of England services were held fortnightly, and later on the Rev. A. Parsons. Wesleyan Minister, came up from Penrith on the alternate Sundays, so that the services were held for both denominations twice a month eace. After the death of the Hon. John Frazer, "Mrs. Frazer was anxious to see this present Church erected, and she interviewed the Bev. T. E. Clouston, who was then stationed at Penrith, with a view of holding regular services if the Church was built; but Mr. Clouston, having St. Marys to attend to as well as Penrith, could not see his way clear to come to Springwood. Mrs. Frazer then wrote to the Wesleyan Minister, Rev. A. Parsons, offering to have the Church erected at once if the Wesleyans would undertake to occupy it regularly; this the Rev. A. Parsons felt he could not commit himself to, as his term in the Penrith Circuit had nearly expired, and he could not say that his successor would be able to conduct regular services either; so that the erection of the Church at the time fell through. Several spasmodic efforts were made at different periods to have the Church built! but it was not until the Bevd. J. McKeo came on the scene that the matter was earnestly taken up, and they had to thank that gentleman for' the results achieved to-day. He (Mr. Rayner) felt grateful for what had been done to supply their wants, and congratulating the people of Springwood at the prospect of shortly having the building to worship in. The Revd. Dr. Cameron congratulated the ladieB on the successful issue of their portion of the day's proceedings, for they were figu ratively the foundation stones of the work, as illustrated . Jby .him from the Bible. _ He also congratulated the Committee on their'ae'eept^ ance of Mr. N. Livingston's tender for the erection, and felt sure that gentleman would carry out the undertaking to the satisfaction of all concerned. He (Dr. Cameron) believed he was one of the first to induce the late Mr. Frazer to make the liberal bequests he had in connection with this event. He bad the pleasure of a warm acquaintance with that worthy man, and he could therefore confirm all the good words concerning liim that had previously fallen from Mrs. Manson. In those days he spoke of there was no Church here at all, and he reiterated the causes for the delay in erecting this one. He was very pleased to find after Mr. Frazer's death that good man had not forgotten the conversation they had had together, but had provided for the building and given the site for its erection. They must not be thought to be encroaching on the other Churches in building this one, for in reality they were first in the field, the land and the money having been placed at their disposal before any other Church was erected. He considered there was plenty of room for another Church, but wished to confirm the remarks of the Moderator that this Church would not be erected in hostility to any other in the District,- no such spirit animated the promoters of this movement. Ho referred to the recent efforts in the Mother Country to effect a union of the Churches, which had failed for the present ,* and also to the later movement by the bead of the Boman Catholics with a similar object, which also had iome to grief. He thought there might be a federation of the Churches ere long, if not a union ; but the latter project would require much time and consideration for its fulfilment. He hoped he would have the pleasure before very long of paying another visit to Springwood-which he thought ought to increase and become as impor tant a town as any on the Mountains -to preach in their new Church. After dealing with other matters, Dr. Cameron concluded by expressing bis pleasure at being present that day to take part in the proceedings. The Bev. W. H. Williams (Wesleyan Minister of Penrith) offered his congratulations, and his entire sympathy with the object for which they had met that day. He had always worked in .'jmplete harmony with their Presbyterian brethren, and was glad indeed to find they were able to make such a substantial progress as had been evidenced by the important proceedings that afternoon. He was gratified, and congratulated all on the occasion. The Rev. T. E. Clouston and the Bev. Alex. Smith also addressed the gathering at some length. The Rev. J. McKeo apologised for the, Rev. E. G-. Cranswick, R.D., who was not entirely recovered from his recent illness, and was afraid of using his voice to address them in the open air. Mr. J. M. Lyon, Secretary to the Committee, moved a vote of thanks to the ladies for their services on the> occasion, also to the Moderator, the Clergymen, and other visitors, for their pre presence to help in the cause, which vote was tendered by the Rev. J. McKeo. The Doxology having been sung, and the' Benediction pronounced by the Rev. J. McKee, the proceedings terminated. By the provisions of the will of the late Hon. John Frazer this Church may be used for.services of the Anglican, Wesleyan and Congregational bodies, by arrangement with the Presbyterians. . DESOHIPTXON OF THE OHPBGH. The building now in course of erection upon o magnificent Bite of 3J acres in the centre of the township of Springwood is the outcome of a bequest made some years ago by the late Honorable John Frazer, M.L.C. The portion of the Church being erected at present will afford accommodation for upwards of 200 persons, provision being made for future extension at the rear when the same may be found necessary. Access is gained to the building by a spacious portico, with entrances at either side leading to the auditorium, at the rear of which is located the vestry, with separate private entrance to same. The building is erected of local freestone, quarry faced, with clean-chiBelled dressings, etc. ; the roof of which is open timbered, supported by fiye pairs of hammer-beam trusses, which are inter nally wrought aud dressed and sheeted with pitch pine lining, .the whole being covered with purple Welsh slates. The whole of the windows are glazed with cathedral tinted glass lead lights, and are fitted with pivot-hung hoppar openings for vsntiia tlon. Internally the walls are plastered, and tinted a soft duok-ogg green oolour, The whole of I the fittings, seating, pulpit, and other furniture are to be of the best quality clean kauri pine. The building, which is chaste in appearance, is designed in a simple treatment of Early Christian architec ture, effect being obtained rather from the general line3 and grouping of the features than from any undue richness in ornament or detail. The main fagade to the Great Western Koad is very happily treated, varying degrees of light and shade being obtained by the main features. At the north eastern angle is a spire, rising abont sixty feet high and the large central window and the entrance vestibule all contribute to the general appearance. The side facades contrast and harmonize happily with the remaining parts of the building, which it is expected will be completed sufficiently for occu pation in about three months. The contract for the erection of the building was let to Mr. Neil Livingston, of Darlington, from plans supplied by Messrs. Slatyer & Cosh, Architects, of. Pitt-street, Sydney, under whose supervision - the Church is being erected. 