MADELEINE. No, my boy, you won't find a mirror here. I comb my hair by in- stinct, and adjust my necktie by rule. You think its odd? Well I do not blame you, I suppose I am excepti- onal in that respect; and it is not an evidence of my lack of vanity, either. I can remember the time when a cheval glass was indispensable to me. That was years ago, old chap, when I was young; and the glass was as necessary for my visitors as it was for myself. Women, you say. Exactly! You have, I perceive, some perspicacity. Oh, yes. They used to say I was a devil among the girls. It must sur- prise you to see a devil turned saint -- or let us say celibate, rather. The explanation? I fear you would laugh at it. You are so practi- cal, you know, and -- well there is just a grain of the romantic in the story, and something more than a suggestion of superstition as well. To tell the truth, old fellow, I don't care to rake up the past, but as I talk to you it seems but yesterday that it happened. She was a very beautiful girl, Madeleine, a daughter of the people. It was down in -- but no, it does not matter to you where I met her. I suppose the grass grows as green in other places as it does there; the skies are as blue; the apple-blossoms are quite as fragnant. But -- ah, my boy, I doubt if ever two people loved as Madeleine and I did in those sunny days when she was wont to steal away of an afternoon from the little cottage at the end of that oold elm-shaped lane, and meet me in the quiet nook where we had together discovered just where the orchard merged into the wood. It was surprising how much she knew about poetry, and how much she could quote -- and understandingly, too \-- those ancient verses of Herrick and Spencer, giving to the quaint phrasing such a pleasing interpretation by the way of voice and accent as, oftentimes, to take me for the time being out of myself. I seemed to be living in another world with her. I imagined myself Daphne and she Chloe in that happy existence. How the summer sped away I scarcely knew, but at length a letter \-- a very pressing letter -- called me back to town and to the prossiac grind of an artists life, only to find that I had made but few sketches and that my material for a winter's work was considerably limited. I began to blame myself for my weakness. It was, I admitted, a very jolly summer, but I had neglected my art to serve my indolence, my love of ease and my passion. In order to make amends I set out with a new resolves and sought an alto- gether different line of work in autumnal scenery. The year was midway into its last quarter when I returned to my studio to find a letter from Madeleine. Would I come to her? she asked. She needed me so much. She was in such distress. She feared -- Ah! what did she not fear? The temptation was strong, but I put it from me. No, I said, I have already wasted too much time. My reputation depends upon my working steadily. Already I have missed one of the exhibitions. Unless I get out a picture in a very short time, I shall miss another. And so Madeleine's appeal was al- lowed to go unanswered. Then she came to me. I recall it as though I were but yesterday. She was very pale, and her great blue eyes had in them a look of reproach as she came into my studio that evening just as the dusk was falling. I was fatigued with a hard day's work, and had thrown my- self on a couch for a half-hour's doze before going out for dinner. "I have come," she said, "to ask you to keep your promise to me." "My promise!" I repeated-- ah, how well I remember my words- "my promise! I do not remember any." She did not reply, but I saw every semblance of hope die out of her face, as I spoke those hard-hearted words. Then she turned away, and I watched her for a moment standing before my cheval-glass as though she wished to see for herself the agony I had caused to be traced on her fea- tures. For a second I was on the verge of springing up and taking her in my arms. The next moment she had turned, and like a ghost she flitted from the room. I was then, for the first time, really alive to the situation. I got up and rushed to the door. I could only hear her dainty footfalls as they descended the last flight of stairs. "Madeleine ! Madeleine !" I cried. There was no reply. The footfalls grew fainter and died away. I crossed the studio intening to light a lamp that stood in a far corner. In so doing I passed in front of the cheval glass, upon which the early risen moon, now peeping through my window, was shedding weird, silver light. The spectacle presented caused me to stop suddenly. The mirror still retained the reflection of the girl whom not a minute before I had seen pass from the room. I stood transfixed. The reflected figure was actually moving. Yes, there was no doubt of it. In her hand I descried a small glittering re- volver, which she raised to her temple. and-- The next moment the sound of a shot, quite sharp and clear, rang out, seemingly from the street below my window, and, at the same instant. I saw the flash in the mirror, which simultaneously cracked into a thou- sand pieces. I flung open the window and looked out. Already a crowd had gathered, and in its midst, her face turned towards me, I discerned the prostrate form of Madeleine. From that day, my friend, I have had no use for mirrors -- cheval glasses in particular. 