THOUGHTS ON THE WORKS OF CHARLES DICKENS. (By " Musiccs.") It wi\l,I believe, be generally admitted that Charles JDickens, as a novelist, was not only <me oi the most amusing, but also instructive writers of bis day, and that in nearly alt his works characters were presented Which could be identified with living portraits of everyday life. And it is not only in their amusing characters that his stories should be regarded, but in the great amount of good they effected by reforming abuses which required exposing, and being held4p to public contumely and contempt. Of course, for high-class writing Mr. Charles Dickens could not be compared with Lyfton, Bulwer, or Disraeli, but he never affected what may be termed fine writing, yet what he wrote went to the hearts and home* of his readers, and in this he was thoroughly successful, and that was nil he desired. I will noft give a cursory glance or sketch of MK Dickens's principal works, and commencewlth his first, " The Pickwick Papers," in which his characters exhibit as much originality as any of his subsequent novels. Here we have old Weller with his commonsense philosophy end dread of " widders;" Sam Weller, the younger, with his loyalty to his good master and honest buoyant heart—both thoroughly English; poor Mrs. Bardell with her lodging-house proclivities, her embarrassing susceptibilities, and ridiculous pathoB; then brow-beating Sergeant Buzfuz, and all these will long live in the imagination and memory of English readers. In "Oliver Twist," Dickens has displayed a more varied talent. His delineation of the low slums °f London (of whicb, although many have been swept away, several yet remain), the haunts of the criminal, the wretched, and the outcast are most wonderfully and graphically portrayed. In this story Charles Dickens proved hiB jiower in the regions of the pathetic to be equal to that which he exhibited-in the comic. " Dombeyand Son" is also, to my mind a charming Work. The cold, selfish, un scrupulous Dombey, the characters of Walter and Florence, : and thd death of little Paul— this laBj; chapter, so deeply pathetic, is perhaps as powerfully written as anything that ever emanated from his pen. The nekfc work that I shall notice, •« Nicholas Nickleby," is replete with A greater variety of characters ^ than thole novels which preceded it. Dickens has shown In this tale the inhumanity- practised on unfortunate children consigned by their patents and guardians to the care of ignorant, miserly, and unfeeling schoolmasters, in the days long gone by (of Which a vast number were never entitled to the name), and such vile specl mens of their wives as Mrs. Squeers. M and Madame Mantalini are also cleverly drawn charafcterejwbile old Ralph Nickleby and the treatment of his niece, Miss Hiokleby, wa ; re^ardwith about the same feelings which ate aroused in the breast by the portrayal of a consummate villain on the stage. In the /' Old Cariosity Shcp," oar. gifted author showed that he had exfcauBfod his talent fot original end touching sketches of child-life. The character of «kittle Noll," is almost without ar equal as a personification of childhood's affection and simplicity. His tales for the holiday* Mid fire-aide family meet logs, " The Christmas Carol," " The Chimes," V The Cricket on the Hearth, " The Battle of Life," " The Haunted Man, and " The Ghost's Bargain," have all awakened animation and merriment in thousandsofbsppy homes. "Our Mutual Friend" is a cleverly ' written story, although not equal to others by the same novelist. It gives, however, e graphic description of those who live h\ the great river o£ London (the Thamen which yearly disburdens herself of hundreds " of the bodies f>f persons who aie missing and cannot be accounted for—some by • euicide,but« very large proportion by the 1 hands of the assassin. The character of the old wooden- legged lolly-seller engaged ' as an armiifaensie; and to read to him ' "TheRise and Fall," by Mr. Boffin, is perhaps asamuBlng and true to natnre as • anything 3)Tokens -ev«r presented, and In > wading hlslife we find that the character. • vas drawn from a living identity the • novelist saw inthe neighborhood of Blooms- Ijiuy S^Mto London. There of ootfrss, two or three more ©f ths aSwfaft M * which I have ' BHftnti 9t tim- ing this paper too lengthy, and perhaps, too prosy; I will, therefore, only allude to another, and this Dickens himself acknowledged to be equal, and is considered by some to surpass, any of his former works; in fact, he calls it bis "pet child." I allude to " David Copperfield." Mr. Dickens' delineation of the character of Dora, his child-wife, as he (David Copperfield) oalled her, i« one of the finest specimens of his creative genius. The chapter containing the death of poor Dora is one of the most affecting pieces of writing I have ever met with, and its reading hts moved me to tears myself!. In conclusion, I may just eaythat in all Dickens' works there is the same playful humour, more or less displayed on the surface, with occasional appeals to the emotional part of human nature, together with a back-ground of earnest purpose— either the exposure of shams and abuses, the tearing away of the hypocrite's garb, the condemnation of villainy and rascality, or the plea of commiseration on behalf oi the poor, the suffering, and the helpless. 