LIKE&UNLIKE.; BY we. b. skabdou; Antborof 'liJCV Addlet's SBORKr,' * Wyw.awj'6 VTkibd,11 Etc., Ktc. The RlMCT OF 'fBAXBUTIOK IS BESEBVED CHAPTEU XLll. (COKTIKIIED) — 'tUE SECRET OF THE ttlVKR ' ? The late winter dawn ImaA St. Anstrll vwafcein his old-fashioircl tour-post. baH it the hotel b/Chadford Bridge. Mo hk. I been tossing about all night, sleepier, fcavc for snatebca ot half-unconsciouvnrtcs, which were rather waking ilreanis ttan sleep. Not for «nc instant of that idcarv nighl hail Helen's Enmge been alisOTK. from his thoughts. Again anil ivgain, am! again he had lived over their last nicflieg — recalling Iiit looks ami tunrs — her rdKIaiil }ieMing lo his |-myen-«iul then Jrer final [jrotuisc, solemnly (r'ivrn. Vital sbc- ?cniuklhc, bin. He remembered how Ire l»,l mnml hy her alili' with her hand clasped in his, mid ho said (o her, 'This promis ? mak- s - on mine forever, love. Tfcere urns' lie no coi 'K hael; from your wopAb to-day. To inc il is a ideilg.: »s mkmu as was' ever niadc before the altar. May the worst evil happen to me , if I ever tall away from mv fidelity to you.' He hid spoken in good fail h; ami now, *n his drupair, he told himself that this was f-.be real love ot his life, and thai it she had li^ed ho would have been IrueU her to the ' She was Vautifnl rasnpk to enslave a man for a lifetime,' uc said to himself. ' She bad spirit enough 10 make her a dif ficult conqu'-st : ahe was iusi clever enough to be a flelhjhtful companion for a clever man. She was t he one perfect woman whom ] have known.' He rose at daybreak, wore 'Out by sleep lessness, and tried to rrftrsh himself with *n ice-cold bath, rtre house was astir early id the hunting cossou, ami there was a great cry for baths anrl hoots, and hurningtoand fro of chatthflr maids in the corridor, hv the time Lord St. Austell was dressed. ' His breakfast was in the prcU.v sitting; room looking on to the roal and the river at eight o'clock, hut he was as lillle able to cat as he bad been to filcep. Uc Fat staring at the fire and ripping a cup of tea, while' he pictured to himself what the men were doing in the Abbey river. He had intended to be down there at da*-. torcak and to watch them at their work from the beginning. He had thought about it all night, but when the morning light came nfc courage failed him. It was all too ghastly. How would death have used her, bis beloved, she whose smile was to have been bis Aurora, who was to have looked upon him in the happy dawn, in the glad beginning of each new dav. How would she have fared in that cull couch, where they were seeking her ! For the first time elucc hiB boyhood, he pram! with all the strength and fervor of a believer — forgetting hifi scepticism, bis sociologv. his pessimism, everything, except the mental agony which wrung that praver from him. He* praved that the men with the drags might not nnd her. That she might still be living, lost to him, perhaps, but living anJ lovely aB she had been when last he looked upon her face. than an hour b. (his time, and it would take film nearly an hour to walk to t'c Al.b.'v river ; yet still he sat with tia breakfast cup in his hand, staring at the tire, hesitat ing, reluctant to file ? the result of tbat toathsome wort. At hist, with an effort, fee rose from bis arm chair, put on his coat and went out. 3 dfetant meet as he left the hotel. They **°eot clattering over the bridge, li^htin** their cigars, and talking an.l laughing, full of inane jocosity, as it seeniM to St. Au6tell. He almost hoped that one of them would be killed before they came back in the evening. He execrated them for their mirthful in eptitude, as they wi-nt jogging up the slnnv bill, slappinp their hors.-*' uanncln-a and swaggering in their aaildlvs. He was glad to get away from the old English town, and Bt€ fringe of mo.lern villas, to the lonelv liigk rual, ami then lo th-: footpath acms'a the Park, to that trihutarr of the Chad which was called the Abbev'river. a stream in -which many a fat and ulacid la.-, -l.roib.r had fished with uel or line, and placed his oel-liaskels, iu good old monkish Hays. St. Austel! went down into the deep glen through which the river run, parallel with the railroad. He wunt hy the same narrow path which he bad trodden last August, under the heavy snmuicr foliage. Now the boughs were bare, and the winter sky looked coldly blue behind the dark tracery of leafless twige. He saw the scene as in a dre∈, the wind-swept hillocks and bollon, the great firown trunks of the oaks, and in the dis'ancc the bright gleaming river glancing here and there across fto opening in the woodland. He went down to the park, where he met Mrs BiddeJey yesterday afternoon. There was no one in Bight, nor could h« hear the sound of the ironB scraping along the pebble tied. If tho men were still at work thej' were out of ear shot. He walked slowly along, hoping that all was over, and that nothing had been found ; tat a littls further on be met Mclnotte, and the first glance at his face told St. Austell that there had been a ghastly discovery. 'What are vou doinc here T.nrri fit Anstell,' said Melnorte hurriedly. ' Pray go back. The worst has happened, and you ought not Lo be seen here. It njay do vou harm bv and b» c. Take my advice ami 'gut away from this neighborhood as soon as ' What have .hoy found— where?' asked St. Austell. iguoring his advice. 'They have found a bod1' iu a deep pool further down the stream — it is here, there are ample in?AiJ6 of r- cognition. The long lirown hair, a wedding ring and keeper, a Persian rut; wound round wit h n silk handker chief. If her murderer had t.-.ken pains lo secure her indfntificaiion, and in ehow thai she did not throw herself inlo the liver, hut have done more. Yes, it is very sad, m;. help.' It is all over and done with. Il'is onlv what 1 rx|-cc:c.l. What iou have to do is to get awav from Cha.iford before the inquest, and to keep your name out of the business* if vou can. You arc known 'o have been with iK.r On the l.isr. rla;- of her Vou may lie susjwjclcd of her murder— who *' I don't car*.1 whether I am or riot . Where in Bhc? Lnt tn«' sen her,' Raiil St. AuRtnll, l-u unn;it i hi; pa Ml. 'For Goi's tike don't sm that w,v. Tlie house. L'l no one who loveii luT look upon b'T — let no one but the surgeon see all tbat death and tlie river have lift of poor humanity. Com l,i,-k lo Cb.-i-ifm-d with me, Lor I St. Auslell, I am going l« the ?'What of her murderer? Is he to escape ?'Not if I iv.n help il. I shall telegraph lo Scot Ian,! Yard hefor.' I see the Coroner and when I have Been him 1 shall K,-t a n;»'is- trau.-'E warrant for Mr llelli. Id's arrest, and 1 shall take the first train for London to put ' Sir Adriin will have communiealed «ii.h his brother in the meantime perhaps Does be know what him happened :' 'Not yrl, 1 I dink. Tin re was no one down by 'the river while ,he inc^n were at. work, except a e-imel;. e:.er, and I told him Iho'alrrani. Sh '{'Teln™5 l''Tval'lm' have heard an- thinjF . ,., ; i,,u there v.ill h, plenty of talk, I Biir;mEe, when the remains bavc been taken to itn- .'cn.l i,n,cs ' Lord St. Austell looked hack along the river path. Uc uir the men in the distance carrying their burden on a light band-bicr, which they must, have taken with them from the dead-house, in expectation of this ghastly result. The burden was covered ?with a black cloth, and tlici- were walk-in^ nlowly in the same direction as St. Austell und* Melnotte, only a good wav behind. He made no further attem'pr to see what 3ay beneath yonder gn;,»ionie eovering. indeed he fell, that Melnoltv was right, and that, he would not. for worlds have looked upon those poor relics of all that be had loved. Let not tliai hoiriblc image come b'tiveen him and his tnemerv of her frrah younc ln-auf- ; let him not' bo i-cmindcd through her of what !i- hims'-ll ninsl !?? ? of heck to th' town uIfum in t-i^nee aurl l-.ft thedttective to do his work alone. M-inotte suggested thrt Ke should go to the cottage and breat \lio news to Colonel Doverill, bat tl«*t Anstell refused. ' 1 can help no man to- bear his burden,' he said, ' my own iB too heavv for me.'- It waB part of his burden to know that his unholy love had been the cause of Helen Uellield's 'death. If her husband was the luurdercr it was her lover who had brought about the crime. CHArrun sxitt.— 'ttei me 6b Voub SSiiiVANT.' Valentine Bolficld did nolfo) to the Great Western Hotel JEt* !ie left the house in Lisson Gfove. lie was too deeply agitated to £0 tSicUy back to his hotel, and eat a good tapper and drink a bottle of wine and go lo bed and Test. He knew that sleep was impossible, unKps he could bring it about bv sheer fatigue, as he had done when bp wllfced ' from the Abbev to DMcfehi ViA hii| slept the sleep of (.xhnusi'pt In tin: liottom of the little sailing beat. His only chance to- night was to tv-a^- down the devil of restlessness that Whs in him ; so he turned his face northward and walked to H.impstead, and then Btruck oft tonar.lB Pinchley and IuiksiiU night, ami ateevcu o'clock break faMcd at a lillle pulilicdtousc l.y the side of and Child's Hill. It was a house 'chte(l- affected hy bargemen, and nebciy took any particular notice oE Mm, the barmaid merely remarking that if. all probability he wa-i a 6tvell wlm hAd her-n on ilm ,lri»t-'lUGt «,'«!,» and aid been walking al-out to sober himself. Ite was sober enough thismoruingevidently, and was proof against all the barmaid's blandishments, though she had taken the trouble to take her hair out of papers before she carried him his breakfast ut eggs and Ho had crttcli bottling ve6terdav except the dainty little plate of bread and butter ei'niiltd b.i Ma^ge, and he was faint and He fell asleep by the fire in' the public house parlor, slept through t lie entrances s'eptamidst the odour oC beer an I the jingle of pewter pohv'iioiCiS on till the afternoon, and then pn'-I biB score and went awav. He ?* his way across the fiwlds fo the Lilfiwara-road, and thence to Lisson Grove, where he went into a shopstller'B shop and bought a compl. le suit of such clothes as are worn by the lower order of working men — in Oxford shirt, corduroy trousers fnslian jacket, and hob-nailed hoots. He changed his clothes on the premises, and reappeared in Lisson Grove in corduroy and fustian, leaving his own things to be kept till called for. The shopman wondered not a little at this transformation. ' H'b a lark, sir. 1 suppose ?' he said. ' Yes. it's a lark,' answered Mr Belfield, as he walked out of the shop. ' Well, I must say that 1 never laid eyes on a less larky-looking gent to be up to such a move aB that,' said the young Israelite, to his fellow Bbopman, as he put Hr lklticld's ' There's a lady at the bottom of it, I make no doubt, Denjamiu,' replied the other, dismissing the subject, which remark was more accurate than speculative observations tire «um to ue. It was dusk when Mr Bpllield rang the bellat the Forlorn Hope. Madge opened the door aud di'l dol n cognise him. ilk lie stood facing her silcntlv ; with his back to the light. ' What To you. want, my goo.1! mitn ? ' ' I want to be your servant, be 1 told vou li Mr U.-lii.-ld, why ire you still hanging about h'.Tt? ? ' ciicd Madge, in an agoaisec ton-. ' This is eheer ma inesE.' ' I believe it is D'xt door :o madness.' answered Valentine, following m.r into the pirlnr, 'but it is madness that onlv ? ou can Madge, without you. 1 shoul.J only cam1 me, ro where I mi^ht— Africa. Atia. tho Nonh Pole— it would be all the same to me, nw\ full of ilanL'cr, excitcm- nt, occuf.a'ion. that wouiil make mv forgt-t, bo long as I wt.re You have the imvr to la\F th ? ghost that linve repented anil have expiated mv sin. You have the faith that moves mountains and liv your faith I tuav bu saved. Leave me to myself and I shall perish iru-vuablv. Thcr.'ifi no h«ln, no cure, hut through vou' » You are mad.' she nil. ' Yes, it U all madneep. 1 huvc a fzood work lo do here '? L»l uv: Blav here, thin, and work for you. That ia what 1 have come for ; to be ? our drudge, your slave ; to he what Caliban «?*» to ProKirero. 1 am dressed for the part yon sec. You will find how handy I can mnke myself, cleaning wiudowe and scrub bing flagstones, doing work that \ ou and the sisters cannoL do, with all your willingness to toil. And in bad eases, when a paiipnt wants watching at night. I can do mv part as a wjitch-d'ig1. You don'f know what I can be under your transforming power. Matlge, 1 have no friend in the world but drarer fri.-nd.'' '?No. To my mother my life has been a lie. You are the only friend who knowa my Madpe, and when I leave the country', go with me as my guardian -angel anc my wife. Test the truth of mv repent ance, if yon will, before you trust me. See how changed a creature I huve btcome. How all i bat is vilest in mv nature has Wen jurgC'i oui oi it u\F llie liorror of my secret sin. Tebt me to the uttermost as your bufiband.' ? ' aCC('P ''' ' :°Ur Madge b-pan to waver. He wlio was plead ing to her know not how urgently her own heart was pli-aiing for him, howfondly she loved him even in his degradation, stained with the Ehcr.din*' of blood. 'I believe it would U- for your own eaf-ly to leuve Kufrlaud instantly,' she said. There is no knowine what rlanrpr mai arise, but if you are bent upon staying in this housu* and hcl|iing ub in our work, 1 will talk lo the sistcrB and Bee whai ran be done. Our fortnightlv committee ni'-rting will be sisters will bj here.' If lliey consent to your heiniT employed here— :u, a 'servant— 1 have no obj-ciiou. Then- is a liitl- room on ihis Hour at the .-n.l of the pasK-ipe. which vou miRlit hnr.. asabmlrooin. It. is smaU ami rntber.iark, but it is ilrv and well venti latc.l.' title. 'Do you think I care how I am lodged. I want to lie mar you. Kn-:. I «-ant° to I'ni a'kS''I'l'or'o£'vour l'r';6l-'ncc- Ihat iB '? You uiiiFi. hoi call me Sta-Jp: hero. 1 am '?You shall In- Sister Marg.«ct. until vou are wife Margaret. And now order me anv work there i? to iieilon*''11''' J'Ve *'* do to-night, l.nl yi.u can ' clean 'all the are not good as window cl- aners. To-ai(;ht to no for uf'. letters io1c'har'aUh'lcPpDo7.1L°who help us. What niiis. we call ?ou, b..the hj ?? .' You have a second Cliristian name, I 'Yes. 1 was christened John Valentine but 1 was alwa.Mi called by the sicoail nume' because mv mother prcf i rre I it.' ' then li.Te we will cat] you John ' Rhe h.Ean1n,ir.'|.ir,- the t.a, as f!:e had sUters cam.Mnlof,:tcii I he iruys'for'th'uSr' Mr ,l,ihti. a |i.-rmn'wlio i,i lie- ,')ni?id.-'woMd hail been a gentleman, liul who o/Iered him ?? If all the siBtcrs approve, I think we may keep him here and lind him very useful.'' here for to-night, and he can help \On both in carrying round the coal-Beuttlct Sister Ajrnes, the fair pirl, sat down to tea with Malpv: and Valentine. She had a nniv, and enquir.-,! It. r liimor.v bf.an!!-hye! vhen nlie IirjI cone baek to her duties on the upper lloor. '? Hers is a sad story. She belongs to ver rich people, and three \earfe ago her life wis n round of paicly. ?lie lellin love with an arnie doclor. and her lainilv werenll omiqv ,! lo the uiiilcli, and ma!- hiT break on her tilled in tlic Koudan. Klir °h. ard ut hl5 e'eath unexpectedly fiom htr partner at a dance, and for six months afterwards ahe was onto! her mind. Whon she recovered, nothing would induce her to hear of another lover. She devoted her life to cnarltable work, and aU the money her father gives her is given to the poor. He i- very liberal to her, although be disapproves ot her, *a ot life. She spends only, die day out,of every *eek In Ihii fe'iie, but she works lor us out tk ddirh. eolnir about the Btreeti at night, andtalMnR to wretched women whom lew girls oi her age would have the courage to approach. Tbat fragile looking woman has penetrated the darkest alleys about Clare Market, the most dangerous streets In Batcllff Highway, where even the police..go *t the risk of their lives. She baa ntVer suffered any harm, bis hardly ever been insulted by ,e, ^iarse wont. She has done me*o good than any other member of our sisUrhood, although all have worked well.' ' She can take .' our place when yon have gone to the other side of the world, Madge.1' lU'ige shook her head with a sweet, serious look, full of tenderness. ' I shall never leave my work, Mr Belfield 1 have given imsclf to it as mueh us if I had t'ikoti a vow. I am verv sorrv for you, 1 would rio much lo befrimd yVu or to boot use lo you, but 1 havu pill mv hand to the plough, ami 1 shall neVcr take 'it away.' Valentine got up and began to pace the 'It is inadiiifB,' he exclaimed ; 'a think ill* Riipti a tli'nir. Arn t.liurp nnt. hospitals for sick women !' ' There are hospitals for ilineasc, but there arc no hospitals for the wtbls and atllng, there arc very tew retuges for fainting RtnnerB. there are -plenty of orphanages tor spoil, ss children, but there are few haviuB for the girls lost in the dawn of girlhood, ChriFt. loved the innocent children and called them to his knees ; but he had inexhaustible pity tor the fallen women.' (To be Continued Next Wednesday.) 