m SlflSTE BW _ . i -A r Hr. ' - T ' — Continued from last weekl). V- Miss Sorehsen did not Bit— she was far fob much excited. She stood near the door of her little cabin. Did you really hear the bottle fall &nd; break, yesterday morning r \- " I heard a noise which might be ac counted for in that way," I answered. " And did you hear my footsteps ?" 11 1 heard footsteps." . " Sister Hagar said that you knew — I hoped, I hoped — I earnestly trusted that she was wrong." " How could she possibly tell ?" I replied. " I met her on the stairs coming towards the cabin. I certainly said nothing— how was it possible for her to read my secret thoughts ?" " It was quite possible. She saw the knowledge in your eyes ; she gave you one glance — that was sufficient. Oh ! I hoped she wag mistaken." " Mine is'not tell tale face," I said. "Not to most people, but it is to her. You don't know her. She is the most wonderful, extraordinary woman that ever breathed. She can read people through and through. She can stand behind yon and know when your eyes flash and-yoor lips smile. Her knowledge is terrible.-. She can almost see through stone walls. I toldyou last night that I dreaded her— I do more than that — I fear her horribly— she makes my life a daily purgatory !" " Sit down," I said, in a voice which I made on purpose both cold and stern ; " it is very bad for you to excite yourself in this way. If you dislike Sister Hagar, why is she your nurse? In short, what can be vonr possible motive for going through this extra ordinary act of deception? Are you not aware that you are acting in a most reprehensible manner? Why do you wish the. passengers of the Ariadne to sup. pose you to he paralysed, when you are in reality in perfect health ? " 11 In perfect health ? " she repeated, with a shudder. " Yes, I am doubtless in perfect bodily health, but I am in — oh, in such bitter anguish of soul." " What do you mean ?" " I can no more tell you that than I can tell you why I am in Sister Hagar's power. Pray forget my wild words. I know you think badly of me, but your feelings would be changed to profound pity if you conld guess the truth. Now listen to me — I have only a moment or two left, for Sister Hagar will be back almost directly. She found out yester day that you bad guessed my secret. I hoped that this was not the case, but, as usual, she was right aud I was wrong. - The moment my eyes met your, when I first came oh deck, I thought it likely that you might see through my deception, Si9ter Hagar also feared that such would be the case. It was on that account that I avoided speaking to you, and also that I remained so silent and apparently uninterested in everyone when I went on deck. I asked for this interview yesterday for the express purpose of finding out whether von really knew about the deception which I was practising on every one on board. If I discovered that yon had pierced through my disguts9, there w&9 nothing for it but for me to throw myself on your mercy. Now yon know why I was so desirous of seeing you without Mr Curwen." "I understand," I answered. "The whole matter is most strange, wrong, and incomprehensible. Before I leave you, may I asK what motive influences yon ? There must be some secret reason for such deception as you praccice." Miss Sorensen colored, and for the first time since she began to make her confession, her voioa grew weak and faltering — »er eyes took a shitty glance, and refused to meet mine. " The motive may seem slight enough to yon," she said ; " but to me it is, and was, sufficiently powerful to make me go through with this sham. My home is not a happy one ; I have a step- mother who treats me cruelly. I longed to get away from home and to see something of life. My father's brother. Professor Sorensen, of St. Petersburg, is a very celebrated Court physician — my father is proud of him. and- has often men tioned bis name and the luxurious palace in which he lives. I have never met him, bat 1 took a curious longing to pay him a visit, and thought of this way of obtaining my desires. Professor Sorensen has made a special study of nervous diseases such as paralysis. Sister Hagar and I talked the matter over, and I resolved to feigu this disease in order to get away from home and to pay my uncle a visit. All went well with- out hitch of any sort until yesterday morn ing." "But it is impossible for you to suppose," I said, "that yon can take in a specialist like Professor Sorensen." ' T don't mean to try — ho'li forgive me when : I lelLhidi the truth, and throw myself on his mcrey." "And is Sister Hagar a real nurse ? " I asked, after a pause. "No, but she has studied the part a little, and is far too clever to commit herself." Uibs Sorensen's face was no longer pale a rich color flamed in her cheeks, her eyes blazed — she looked wond erf ally handsome. " And how that you have confided in me," I said, " what do you expect me to do with my knowledge ?" " To respect my seoret, and to keep it ab solutely and strictly to yourself." " That is impossible— I cannot deceive Curwen." " You must— you shall. Why should two —two be sacrificed. And he sis so young, and he knows nothing now — nothing. Oh, do have mercy on him. Oh, my God, what wild words ami I saying? What must von think of me?" She paused abruptly, her blazing ©yeswere fixed on my face. "What must yon think of me t1 she re peated. "That you «ra in a very excitable and over strained condition, and perhaps not quite answerable for your actions/1 1 replied. " Yes, yes," she continued; "I am over strained — over-au xious — not quite account able— jtes— that is it— that is it— hut you will not tell Mr Curwen— Oh, be merciful to me, I beg of you. We shall soon reach St Peters burg, Wait, at least, until we get there before you tell him— promise me that. Teii hprnthenif youlike— tell ail the woridthe ifyhnchoose to do so, bat respect my secrat xuitilvre reach Russia." As Migs Sorensen spoke she laid her hand on myarm-sbe looked at me with a passion which seemed absolutely inadequate to her very poor reason for going through this ex traordinary deception. "Promise me," she said ; " there's Siste- Hagar's knock at the door — let her iu— but promise me first." " I will think the whole case over care fully before I speak to anyone aboat it," i replied. I threw the door open as 1 spoke and went out of the little cabin as Bister Hagar came In. That afternoon Curwen asked me about Miss Sorensen — I replied to hjm briefly, " I will tell you all about the ease," I said " in a short time — there is a mystery which the young lady has divulsed, and which Bhe has earnestly implored of me to respect until we reach St. Petersburg. " Then yon believe she can be cured ?" said Curwen. " Unquestionably— but it is a strangs story and it is impussibls forme to discuss it until I can give you my full confience. In the meantime there is nothing to be dene in th medical way for Miss Sorensen — I should re commend her to keep on deck as much as possible— she is in a highly hysterical state, and the more fresh air she gets, the better.'' Curwen was obliged to be satisfied with this very lame summary of the iase, and the next time I saw Miss Sorensen, I bent over her and told her that I in tended to respect her secret until after we arrived at St, Petersburg. "I don't know howto thank you enough," she said — her eyes flashed with ioy, and she became instantly the most animated and fas cinating woman on board. At last we reached the great northern port, and first amongst those to come on board the Ariadne was the tail and aristocratic form of Professor Sorensen. I happened to wit- TIPPft tflA mftftHnff brltwp.pn Mm his beautiful niece. He stooped down and kissed her on her white brow. A flush of scarlet spread all over her face as he did so. Tfcey spoke a few words together— then Sister Hagar came ap and coached Miss Sorenson on her arm. The next moment 1 was requested to come and speakto the young lady. " May I introduce you to my uncle, Dr Halifax?" she said. "Professor Sorensen — Dr Halifax. I can scarcely tell you, Uncle Oscar," continued the young lady, looking fail in his face, "how good Dr Halifax has been to me daring my voyage." Professor Sorensen made a polite rejoinder to this, and immediately invited ms to come to see him at his palace in the Nevski Prospect I was about to refuse with all the politeness I could muster, when Miss Sorensen gave me a glance of such teerible entreaty that it staggered me, and almost threw me oil my balance. "Yon will come; you must come," she said. " I can take no refusal," exclaimed the Professor. " 1 am delighted to welcome you as a brother in the great world of nr.edical science. I have no doubt that we shall hare much of interest to talk over together. My laboratory has the good fortune to be some what celebrated, and I have made experiments in the cultivation of microbes which I should like to talk over with you. You will do ma the felicity of dining with me this evening, Dr Halifax ?" I considered the situation briefly— I glanced again at Miss Sorensen. " I will come," I said — she gave a sigh yf relief, and lowered her eyes. Professor Sorensen moved away, and Sister Hagar went. into the young iady's cabin to fetch something. For a moment Mis3 Sorensen and I were alone. She gave me an imperious gesture to come close to her. "Sit on that chair — stoop down, I don't want others to know," she said. I obeyed her in some surprise. " You have been good, more than good," she said, " and I respect you. I thank you from my heart. Do one last thing for me." " What is. that ?" ".Don't tell our secret to Maurice Curwen until you have returned from dining with my uncle. Promise me this : I have a very grave reason for asking it of you." " I shall probably npi have time to tell him between now and this evening,' I said, " as I mean immediately to land and occupy myself looking. over the place." At this moment Sister Hagar appeared, carryiiqj all kinds of rugs and parcels — amongst them was a small, brass-bound box which seemed to be of considerable weight- As she approached ns, the nurse knocked her foot against a partition in the deck, stumbled, and would have fallen had I not rushed to her assistance. At the same time the heavy brass-bound box fell with some force to the ground. The shock must have touched some secret spring, for the cover immediately bonneed open and several packets of papers were shewn on the deck I stooped to pick ihem up, bnt Norse Hagar wrenched them from my hands with such force that I could not help glancing at ber in astonishment. One paoket had been thrown to a greater distance than the others. I reached back my hand to pick it np, and, as 1 did so, my eyes lighted on a name in small black characters on the cover. The name was Olga Krestofski. Below it was something which looked like hieroglyphics, but I Anew enongh of the Russian tongue to ascertain that it was the same name in Roes —with the figure 7 below it. I returned the packet to the nurse — she gave me a glance which I was destined to rememhar afterwards — and Miss Sorenson uttered a faint cry and turned suddenly white to her lips. - Professor Sorensen came hastily op— he administered a restorative to his niece, and said that the excitement of seeing him had evidently been too mach for her in her weak state. A moment later the entire party had left the yacht. , It was night whenT got to the magnificent palace in the Nevski Prospect where Professor Sorensen resided. I was received with oeremony by servants in handsome livery, and conducted immediately to m bedroom on the first floor of the building. The room was of colossal gizs and height, aod, warm »« the- weather ftjH war, was artificially- heated by piped which ran along the waile. The himgifltgg and the other appointments of apart ment were of the costliest, and ae Idooked around me i could not' help romingto the conclusion that a Court physician at .St. Petersburg must hold a very lucrative posi tion. Having already made my toilet, I was about to leave the room to find my . way as best I oould to the recep tion- rooms on the -ground fljor, when, to my unbounded amazement, I e&w; the massive oak door of the chamber quickly and dilentlv GDen. and Miss Sorensen. matirnifi- cently dressed, with diamonds in her black hair and flashing round her slim white throat, came iu. She had not made the slightest sound to opening the door, and now she put her finger to her lips to enjoin silence on my part. She closed the door gently behind her, and, coming up to my side, pressed a note into my hand. She tben turned to go. " What is the meaning of this ?" I began. "The note will tell you," she replied. "Oh, yes, I am well, qnite well — I have told my uncle all about my deception on board the Ariadne. For God's sake don't keep me no v. It I am discovered all ia lost." She reached the door as she spoke, oppfd it with a deft, swift, absolutely silent move ment, and disappeared. I cculd not tell why, hut when I was left once more alone I felt a chill running through me. I went deliberately nn to the oak door and turned the key in the heavy lock. The splendid bedroom was bright as day with electric light. Standing by the door I opened Mis Sorensen's note. My horrified eyes fell on the following words : — " We receive no mercv. and w« «riv» nnn» j 7 — — — « - w Your doom was nearly fixed when you found out the secret of my false paralysis on board the Ariadne. It was absolutely and irrevocably sealed when you saw my real name on the packet of letters which fell out of the brass- bound box to-day. The secret of my return to Russia is death to those who' discover it unbidden. " I is decreed by those who never alter or change that you do not leave this palace alive. It is utterly hopeless tor you to try to escape, for on all hands the doers are guarded; and even if you did sacceed in reaching the streets, we have plenty of emissaries there to do our work for us. You know enough of our secrets to make your death desirable — it is therefore arranged that you are to die. I like you and pity you. I have a heart, and you have touched it. If I can I will save you. I do this at the risk of my life, but that does not matter — we hold our lives cheap— we always carry them in our hands, and are ready to lay them down at any instant. I may not succeed in saving yon, but I will try. 1 am not quite certain how your death is to be accomplished, but I have a very shrewd suspicion of the manner in which the final attack on your life will be made. Your only chance — remember, your only chance of escape— i3 to appear to know absolutely nothing — to show not the ghost of a suspicion of any underhand practices : to put forth ail your powers to f&Ecinate; and please Professor Sorensen mid the guests who will dine with us to-night. Show no surprise at anything you see — ask no impertinent questions. I have watched you, and I believe you are clever enough and have sufficient nerve to act as I suggest. Pay me all the attention in your power — make love to mo even a little, if yoa like — that will not matter, for we never meet again after to-night. After dinner you will be invited to accompany Professor Sorenson to his laboratory — be will ask no other guest to do this. On no account refuse — go with him and I will go with you. Where he goes and where I go, follow without flinch ing. If you feel astonishment do not show it. And now, all that I have said leads up to final remark. Avoid the seventh step. Bear this in your mind — it your last chance. — DAQMAR." I read this note over twice. The terrible feeling of horror left me after the second reading. I felt braced and resolute. I inspected, what was indeed the case, that shad fallen unwittingly into a hornet's nest Nihilists. How mad I had been to come '0 Professor Sorensen's palace ! I bad folly cade up my mind that Miss Sorensen had iOld ma lips, vhn oayp ma har IaaKU — — "V, easons for acting as she had done on board >he Ariadne. No matter that now, however, ihe spoke the truih at last. Toe letter 1 crushed in my hand was not a lie. I re solved to be wary, guarded — and when the final moment came, to sell my life dearly. I had a box of matches in my pocket. I burnt the note to white ash. and then crushed the ashes to powder under my foot. I then went downstairs. Servants were standing about, who quickly directed me to the reception-rocms. The powdered footman flung the door of the great drawing. room open and called my name in a ringing voice. Professor Sorencen came forward to meet me. A lady came up at the same moment and held cut her hand. She was dressed in black velvet, with rich lace and many magnificent diamonds, l'heyahone in her sandy hair and glistened round her thin mroat. l started back m amazement, xcere was Sister Hagar metamorphosed. " Allow me to introduce my wife, Madame Sorensen," said the Professor. Madame Sorensen raised a playful finger and smiled into my face. " You look astonished, and no wonder, Dr Halifax.'' she said. " But, ah, how naughty you have been to read our secrets." She forced away to apeak to another guest. The next moment dinner was announced. As we sat round the dinner-table we made a large parry. Men and women of . many nationalities were present, but I quickly per- owved, to my surprise, that I was the guest of the evening. To me was given -the terribly doubtful honor of escorting Madame Sorensen to the head of the table, and in ; honor of me also, English — by common consent — was th#» iuianmim mmItaii st.diniinv. . (TO SB COMTIWUJRU.) Wanted : Some buttons for. a coat of paint; a commander to take charge of a courtship ; a machine to thrash " wild a harness-maker to build a harness a nighinim . i: 