THE POWER OF DRINK. No Mian Is Strong Enough to Safely Tam. per with It-Henry Vilson's Test. For he shall bo great in the sight of tht Lord, and shall drink neither wine nor strong drink; and to shall be filled with the Holy Ghost, even from his 'mother's womb.--Luke 515. The might of strong drink is a subject which it is perilous to discuss. It is mightier than public opinion. It defies law, it tramples upon the rights of hu manity, it breaks every law of the deca logne, or loeads to their being broken, and yet it intrenches itself in politics so that a minister touches it at his peril. Vast sums are invested in the business byprofessed Christian people. The profits "a naid te b atsbstroun i".enes.'" - buys outitlelaw :tid righlt. Thie rnstge of subjects open to an honest and fear less minister is becoming exceedingly small. The enormous evils of drink are so apparent and so utterly at variance with itans's interests we would suppose that all Christian people would unite in staying its march; but, alas, such is not the case. "Do not drink wine nor strong drink, thou nor thy sons with thee, when thou goest into the tabernacle of the congre gation lest ye die" (Leviticus x, 9). A clouded brain, a thick tongue would not then be tolerated in the service of the Lord. It ought not to be now, either in the pulpit or in congress. God bless tile man who says that. A Nazarite was separated from strong drink. Strength was the result as in the case of Samson no more than of Daniel Webster, who _ave to his youthful training and temper ance the credit for his wonderful strength of brain,which in later years lie lost through strong drink. "And thou shalt have joy and glad ness, * * * forheshallneither drink wine nor strong drink." Drink would have ruined all this. The blue ribbon movement saved not only Spurgeon's boys, but saved the great preacher to the cause of temperance. We need to work this temperance business among the youth. They can be taught to sing it and pray it and love it. Nothing can be more helpful than the turning of the attention of the youth in the public schools. John had more than abstinetice from wine and strong drink. He was given to Christ from his youth. Let us bring our children to Christ. Surrender them to the Holy Spirit's guidance. Nothing can match it. A child well born and raised is half converted. When I went to Boston Mr. Uniac was under the power of strong drink. He went to the war and drank fearfully. In the convalescent camp he was a wreck-head tied up and eyes black. He came to hear Gough, stopped drink in the world. One morning, weakened in body, he took some quinine bitters in which was alcohol. It rekindled the ire which consumed his every hope and landed him on the lee shore of perdition. Henry Wilson on the other hand shows how safe a man is that refuses to touch It. His father and family were drunk ards. God opened his eyes. He changed his name. He refused to taste it with John Quincy Adams when asked to drink. "That," said he, "was my cru cial moment. I told him to excuse me, that my parents were drunkards and if I tasted it I would be gone." John Quincy Adams sent it from the table and praised him for abstaining. It saved him and he climbed to the position of power and influernc. There is something exhilarating in the launching of a great steamer that is fittedto brave the dangers of the deep. See her as she moves out loaded to the gunwales. Contrast it with a wreck on the shore. There is this difference be tween a child reared to be temperate and one given up to strong drink.-Ser mon by Rev. J. D. Fulton, D. D. 