The EflUor invites COM 'ributions on mat'ers of public interest fromcomsponclenis in all parts of Amtralii Such contribution«. when vssesswg special value will bepaidfur at agreed rates, <f payment should tie required. Ko Mis. returned cm rejection, unless accompanied by stamps for the purpose. All communications addresseeI to* the ilditor must be accompanied by the name and address of the writer, not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantte o1 good faith, VILLIKBS, the war correspondent, is an enthusiastic cyclist. PEEMIEB TUBNER is taking to the bike as a last resource to reduce weight. Of late years he has been afraid of developing too much " umbongpong," so he went in for plenty of exercise, walking in and out to St. Kilda nearly every day. Gut he finds a monthly scale tells a gradual increase in hiB avoirdupois. The Premier'6 daughter is shortly to follow his example on the bike. ON the understanding—duly documented—that he renounceB all claim to the said title, Sir Samuel Wilson, according to a hint in the Weekly Sun, London, before bis death paid a very large sum of money to the member of the Huntington family, whose claim to the title, if substantiated (as legal authorities believe it would be), would make Sir Samuel's recently wedded daughter a plain Mrs. THE marriage settlements of the future Duchess of Marlborough, Mis6 Consuefo Vanderbilt, amount to over j£2,COO 000. " This represents the wife's pin money," says a contemporary. Nearly three millions for pin money, and yet we'll wager a trifle that the Duchess will not know where to find a pin when she wants it most. If she does she will be more fortunate than the rest of humanity. IT is a curious circumstance that in the new English House of Commons there are names beginning with each letter of the alphabet except X and Z. As a rule Q and TJ are rare, but there are two of each in tbe present Commons. X is an impossible one, but in the House of Lords there is a Lord Zouche, so that the British Parliament is alphabetically complete, but for the unknown quantity, X. STAWKLL'S gilded matrimonial " catch " is Miss Cecilia Hobbs, who combines a handsome appearance with a handsome bullion pocket, for she is the daughter of Mrs. Hobbs, three-fourths owner of the rich Magdala cum Moonlight mine. Her monthly div. turns in something like .£3000, and as the mine has been doing this for some years past she is reputed to be worth close on to the half-million ! Tbe Magdala was a lucky spec, for an outlay of little over .£1000. THE English authoress whose brilliant work appears under tbe pen- name of John Oliver Hobbes, and whose divorce case recently crested so much interest in the English reading world, has married again already. This time she has found a kindred spirit in the person of George Moore, tbe Zolaesque novelist, author of " The Mummer'6 Wife," " Esther Waters," etc. It is an excellent collaboration, but its hastiness suggests a thought:— " She had one husband dear before, But, far from grateful, wanted mo(o)re ; Now, having Moore, her friends confess Their hope she will not wish for less." MAKE TWAIN has two or three characteristic poses when on the platform, but the most peculiar one iB his habit of nursing his elbow, and anxiously pressing his cheek with his hand as if suffering the agonies of an eighty horse-power, stumpjumping toothache, when on the point of slipping 0'it Eome particularly excruciating absurdity. From tbe time of bis stepping out before tbe footlights to bis leaving the lecturer is never guilty of even the ghost of a smile—be is as solemn all the time as a wart on an undertaker's horse. DAVID HAM and William Bailey are about the only two Ballarat men who hold their original shares in tbe Seven Hills estate, where tbe Berry lead was first located. Bailey's annual divvy from the Madame Berry crushes something like .£10,000! Very little of that goes into other mining investment Bailey, like the canny Scot he is, preferring broad acres to speculative investments. IT occurred at the last Governor's Ball, when Colonel .Freeman, Mr. Archibald M'Farland and one or two others had adjourned to the buffet. The conversation turned on the old military days when the colonel and Mr, M'Farland were connected with the same battalion. " Ah," sighed Mac, "there was great esprit de corps in those days. There was no one that they would follow to the death then more eagerly than Freeman." ™ And no one," added the colonel, " that any one would follow less willingly to the deatb now than Archie M'Farland." As " Archie" is the new sheriff, ao one contradicted the colonel. WOMAN forges ahead. On Saturday, for tbe first time, the Argus contained a leading article from the pen of a lady. The leader on "Public Gardens " was written by the " Victorian Girl," Miss Florence Blair In England, Mrs. Lynn Linton has written leaders for the Mornivg Post, and Miss Florence Shaw regularly writes leaders for the Times. The Florences appear to be doing pretty well in journalism. HA M^RAT'S chief mining speculator is "Tom" ,i .,dart, who is in the Bharebroking business. He lucky as well ao plucky, and in every sense a .Dart man. " I buy on certainties," he once said M a friend. 'The weasel is never asleep when ! nsiness is about. In mining 'tis the wideawake- ,.yer-hesitate speculator that snaps the early : -jfitable turnover." fiiK editor of the Australasian Schoolmaster , >. -v. W. Potter, F.B..G.S.), who has for soma time h. • n making a tour of the colony, examining into t.... practical working of our State schools, paid a vi it to the Bendigo district recently. Last Saturij, .• week he attended at the quarterly congress the Bendigo District Teachers' Association, n-iiHO a. resolution acknowledging the influence t\\. the good of education which the journal he ii.ilts is now exerting was unanimously passed. IK. KVKLE BFFLTEW has been writing a j. i iietic account of his first visit to Melbourne in. nv years ago. £fe describes how he became " i :uke," slept out in the public gardens one r'nristinas Eve counting the hours tolled by the Tnwn Ball clock, and was meditating suicide wi nn the peal of the chimes from St. Patrick's in the Christmas morning. All these things IY:I! deeply printed in his mind, and will never fiu> from them whilst life remains. Very tnu.'hing and affecting, Kyrle, but somewhat diMounted by the double fact that at the time Si Patrick's had no ring of chimes—and, ahem ! niK Town Hall clock does not strike the hours, it onlr shows them. J-IRI'BITINTENDENT TOOHEV, of Geelong, is ore .'I the aexaeenarians who bids adieu to the police lunw when '06 comes in. He is chiefly known to fanH as the first convert made by Father Mathew during his Victorian temperance campaign balfi- .-in ury ago, and he has never swerved from his declaration to favour the ;old t6a brigade, alilif.igh his downfall was within an ace of being a.- juipli6hed recently by Detective Christie's pivsent of some choice Nirranda spirit. " It -!11•'it so good," said Toohey, when relatiug the incident, ''that I was tempted to pour some into h ^'lass, but begorra just as I was adding the dash »t soda a vision of Father Mathew riz before me, and I said,'Out wid you; I won't break my record.'" N.S.W. PILE MI EH REID is not far behind a celebrated legal advocate as a teller of thosu stories which Rudyard Kipling is particular to mention find a more interesting audience among Kffltn than men. George, who, by-the-bye, has a " double " in Melbourne, yarns with much gusto tint oniv on two occasions has bis nerve had a severe shaking. " I can go through a tough elndtion without blinking an eyelid," said he to a friend some time back, "butthe mere thought of figuring at the christening of my latest quite unaftrved me. However, once in the church I pulled through all right, although the parson drenched me more than he did the child. It was rim heaviest shower ever known at a christening." 'On the other occasion Iteid was putting in the night at a country pub,, playing whiskey poker with Toby Barton, Crick, Dan O'Connor and a couple of local magnates. After a time George— lv was not Premier then—feeling sleepy, retired from the game for a brief nap on the lounge. When he was emitting the full- bodied snore of a Imavy sleeper,Crick suggested playing him a trick. The glim was dowsed, Ii?id awakened, and the crowd kept on with the gime, raising, calling, and al tending to the incidentals with the same minute. n",s displayed when the liehts were going. George was bewildered. " My God," he exfluimed, " I am blind !" And lie shrank into a mere mass of spineless humanity. Of course, the mhers literally flooded him with sympathy, but before the local medico hid time to turn up to irive his opinion the.v had let him into the joke. Cuorgewas too overjoved to feel annoyed, with liie result that the landlord's stock of champagne ivns quickly exhausted. " My eyes are weak," s iid the Prem : er,in repeating the incident, " and the thought that thfiir light had entirely gone •r ut twisted me all up." THE story of the Queensland Chinese who, after praying persistently to their Joss for rain and L'i'tting none, indignantly chopped un their gaudy i'ut incompetent deity, and sent to Brisbane for another, who rewarded them with copious showers first pop, has a double in the case of a band of Bal- I irat Chows who were fossicking in the bed of the arrawee with bad luck. They besought their •lose with many fireworks and truch noisy prayer II improve the yields, but Joss was obdurate. So, in order to give him a better idea of what was expected of him, they carried him down to the i-eek one day, and set him up on a mullock tip > rerlooking their operations. The night previous, 1; iwever, some mischievous small boys had salted t ie dirt the Chinese were washing with a quantity • •f small bits of lead carefully gilded. The gold yield that afternoon was phenomenally rich, and i iie good Confucians, in the exuberance of their f ratitude, sent delegates away at once for costly fireworks and other necessaries, and gave Joss a magnificent old shivoo where he stood. Their disgust on finding out a little later that they had 'ione all this in return for a few pounds of gilded :, , ad was unbounded, and they incontinently : rnded the false s-od with blasting powder, and Mew him up amidst general Mongolian execrft- : ions. JOHN LONOSTAFF tells a yarn of the days when ommissions for portraits were not so plentiful with him as they are at present. He had only "ne coat to his back, and he never took it off when his fellow students were present for very -uilieient reasons. But one day a visitor caught tiim unawares working in his shirt sleeves, and the cause was explained. His waistcoat consisted of the front half only, the place of the back lining was supplied by a discarded canvas, roughly etitohed on by J.L. himself with black thread. And when he turned his back the amazed visitor had a full view of a green waterfall tumbling very gracefully down Longs tail's spine. ALL Western people esteem Dr. Pettigrew, of Camperdown, while the profession generally envies him for his prize practice with its many fat annual retainers drawn from the wealthy squatters who flourish in his neighbourhood, viz., Blacks, MacKinnons, Manifolds, Thompson and others. It is doubtful if his earnings arc exceeded by more than a quartette of metropolitan medicos, even with their bigger fees and wider field, Pettigrew is certainly a medical name to conjure with beyond Geelong, and while he would welcome opposition to relieve the stain of hard work, the sickly crowd resent it, and on several occasions they have starved out new-comers of ability. One of Dr. Pettigrei's titbits is the yearly ,£500 he draws from the lieilambet estate for simply calling on the owner every Friday, testifying to her state of health and enjoying a capital luncheon ! In this portion of the West, however, Pettigrew's influence is gradually being eliminated by Dr. Sutton (the clever son of Argus accountant Sutton) who is located at Terang. VEEY few people know that many years ago G.O.M. Gladstone had a favourite nephew engaged in squatting pursuits in the Western district. He was a member of the firm of Neil Black and Co., died from a horse throw, and was buried in the pretty cemetery that overlooks Lake Terang. In order to save expense, a wealthy squatting family opened the grave and dumped a sundowner on top of him, acting apparently on the rightful assumption that the earth knows no class distinction. All the same, the inhabitants were shocked. iNTEimriNO story in connection with the administiation of the railway system of the country of Swat, let us say :—One day a driver in an advanced statejof inebriation brought his train into an up north station. The driver was, in the language of Swat, "inky-poo." The driver insisted upon having more drink. The stationmaster interfered m the interests of the travellers on the train, and said he should have no more. The driver insisted, and after taking his train a short distance from the station pulled up and left all standing whilst he visited the nearest pub, and began to fill his tank. Thereupon the stationmaster put another driver in charge, and sent the train sway without the perked-up, engineer, and at the earliest opportunity reported the latter. Bravo ! S.M. But mark the sequel: There was "an inquiry," at which the S.M. attended, and to his great surprise found the influence brought to bear in the interests of the beer eating driver so powerful that he could give no force to his complaint. Result—Nil. And the trivelling public of Swatstill truBt their lives and limbs to the mercy of an engine-driver who may some day send -the train " on its own " while he fights the matter out with the stoker on the floor of the van. MARK TWAIN'S daughter is a dramatist in a small way, and a play of hers has had moderate success in " A-murker." By-tbe-way, excepting a fleeting show of "The Prince and the Pauper," we have seen none of Twain's things in dramatic shape. One of his latest, " Pudd'nhead Wilson," has made a popular play, in which there is money, and much of it. BDBLT " Dick" Seddon, Maoriland's Premier, is a devoted family man. He attributes most of his success in politics to his ambitious but homely wife, her tact and diplomatic advice causing him to shy clear of those rocky points where many a new chum legislator has come a cropper. Seddon shocks the orthodox Christian by his irreligious habit of avoiding Sunday church, as he prefers spending his spare time rambling with his children on the hills that back his Wellington residence. " Well, if you won't come yourself," said a local parson to him on one occasion, " why don't you send your children?" "Ob, no," answered the Premier; " I want my children to appreciate the religion and beauty of Nature, and not to get chained up in l-he hidebound conservatism of a denominational conscience." "JACK " MUJIKAV, M.L.A., although a "golden spoon baby," is no stranger to the hard graft of the soil. His wealthy but rugged Scotch dad didn't believe in his boys dawdling their time over the higher education, and after a good grounding at the Warrnambool High School, Jack came down to bedrock. " He made me work all right," said the political humorist once, " carting potatoes and ploughing, and a bad plough it was, too." Politics were always uppermost in "Jack's " mind, and one day his father, yielding to earnest solicitation, equipped him with .£1000 to go to England to 6tudy political economy. He never got beyond Melbourne, and he rudely shocked the old man's hard-fisted instincts by his appreciation of the virtues of extravagant "economy." For thi6 he suffered in the distribution of the estate, many thousands going to his mother and sisters, while he was cut off with a trifling .£500. But he was suitably set up when his mother, one of the kindliest and cheeriest women that ever breathed, passed out. Jack possesses a memory unsurpassed in the House, and if the occasion needs it be can spout columns of Burns,Longfellowor Shakespeare—his favourite authors. In his younger days one of his feats was to read a column of newspaper matter, and then reel it off from memory without a mistake. The Hurrays' family residence is at Summerhill.afew miles out of Warrnambool, where Miss Murray dispenses hospitality besides affording shelter to the' few remaining district aboriginals. Jack's only brother is a well-known Western District racehorse owner, while bis relatives number many wealthy people, including a N.S.W. aunt worth a quarter of a million. HONE HEKE, a clever Maori representative in the Maoriland Parliament, is the latest humorist rival to Mark Twain. In the Assembly the other day he fired off a slab of original poetry, whereupon the Speaker promptly howled that it was a crib from the celebrated American tramp. " No, it isn't," retorted the Maori, "it is my own composition." " Ah," said Maurice O'Borke, " I thought it was bad enough to be your own!" Mark will feel complimented. "QUITE a tonic " was the cheerful criticism of one pre&sman; coming away from Twain's opening lecture at the Bijou. Yes," replied the chum, a Clements' tonic." THE Supreme Court library harbours an undoubted genius in Assistant-Librarian Bernard O'Dowd, the long, lank, auburn-haloed Radical poet. Competent critics consider some of bis soulinspiring verses, singing the rights of the toiling masses and the true humane religion, are worthy of Emerson—praise indeed for this gifted Ballarat boy. O'Dowd is a walking encyclopaedia on all law matters and cases, and the bustling barrister who asks him in a vague way for the report of Tompkins v. Tittletight hardly has time to wink his eye before the volume, opened at the required place, is in bis hands. Also, O'Dowd had a big finger in the compilation of curtain standard law books, for which a rising young barrister took the kudos, and he is now busy assisting Lawyers Duffy and Eagleson in arranging a volume on the "Transfer of Land Statutes." In due time he will attach himself to the Bar, where his ability, parnestness and individuality ought to find good play. COI.ONEL CAMPIJELL and the aide at the Government Houso have grey hairs in their beads since Thursday last. It had been announced in the papers that the book for callers upon Lord and Lady Brassey would be open for signature on and after 20th ultimo. About eight o'clock in the morning the grounds of Government House hegau to be invaded, and a little after nine Colonel Campbell began to fear that he had uip.de some horrible mistake, and that there was a garden party on, which he bad inadvertently overlooked. Waggonettes and traps were outside, void men and women walkingover the place for the doors to be opened. The crowd grew thicker, and when at length " the book" was available a scene of the wildest confusion ensued. Men and women jostled each other as if it were a firstnight of the Gaiety Company and they were afraid that if they did not get in with the first rush all the seats for Lord Brassey's first ball would b« taken up and placards would be hung up notifying "houseful!." It was in vain that the officials protested (that the book could be signed any time for the next fortnight or three weeks. None of the callers, or rather crowders and fighter", would pay any attention to them. They were like the party sung of in " The Mikado," for "They squirmed and struggled, And gurgled and guggled," and made the most frantic efforts to get their names into that book. Many of the women were considerably knocked about and dishevelled, but they came out happy, although torn, for they had succeeded in inscribing their names in the record. It need hardly be said that the bulk of them were those who are never likely to be iDvited to Government House. One of the first to sign was a gentleman of the Hebrew persuasion, who wrote his name and address in characters reminding one of a schoolboy's first copy-hook, large and not graceful. Apparently, after signing, he glanced at the previous name, and, seeing that the prefix "Mr." appeared, this modest expecter of invitations interlined between his own name and address "Esq." The scene is described as something awful in its wild disorder and rowdiness. HER MAJESTT THE QOEEN is not in favour of the Advanced Woman, so says an Knglish journal. In connection with this item we have received the following from one of the rabid rational It is said that the Queen—and no doubt it is true— Deems the Woman Advancing too bold— Of course, She can't pardon a woman that's New, Since She is a woman so Old, MINISTER TAVERNER, defending himself, declares :—" When Sir Jawes Patterson was in power be went about the country eating turkeys. I export them." And yet one good gobbler deserves another. WELL- DEESSED SHIP OFFICER (at interval to ticket-taker).—" I say, mister, will it be the one piece all night—'Mark Twain?' I'm full; no music. By-bye." HEAVT SWELL (on the stairs /fading to Bijou gallery— to ticket taker).—"I say, is this the road to the stalls? I have an order for there." Ticket-taker.—" No, sir. You are in the wrong place." Heavy Swell.—"What did you say? The wrong place. Isn't this where they are playing ' Mark Twain ?' " IN France the bicycle has become so up-to date that it is even taking part in Jin ds. fierie crime. A jealous Frenchman followed his wife to her father's house, shot her and his father-in-law, and then, so runs the report in a Parisian paper, " left the house, remounted his bicycle, rode off to the cemetery, left his wheel at the gate, and, proceeding to the grave of his mother, blew his brains out." This was certainly a tragedy of both wheel and woe. IF Dick Whittington were alive now, h« would be interested to learn that the Midland Railway Company has a regular staff of eigbt cats. Although these do not receive any regular salary, they receive their keep, and the expenses connoted with them appear regularly in the accounts. The cats act as caretakers of the empty cornsacks temporarily stored. These cornsacks run up at certain times of the year to over 400,000 at a time—a pretty big contract for the cat-caretakers to keep the rats and mice out of. 