SUMMARY. "Tlio Times" regards tho passage of tho Federation Enabling Bill in the Assembly as hopeful, and thinks that the improve ment in trade should favor the speedy ac complishment of Australian federation. In tho opinion of "Tho Times," Mr. Reid's probable concessions In regard to the Land und Incomo Taxes Assessment Bill will strengthen Ills position In the view of all moderate minded persons. The Scottish express train was derailed at St. Neots, In Huntingdonshire, one per son being killed and seven injured. The victim who was killed in the railway accident at St. Neots was a sister of n Mrs. M'Gregor, of Ballarat. The latter was . hurled from tho train, and had a leg bro ken. Tho "Grocer" considers that tho decline In tho price of butter in England ls not likely to ceaso till rates are on a parity, with those ruling 111 November, 18'Jt. Bahrl Pasha, tho Vali of Van, who was dismissed at the instance of tbe British Ambassador at Constantinople, has been decorated by tbe Sultan. There is a semi-panic on the Continental Bourses owing to the unsettled state of affairs in Turkey. The French Minister of Finance is con ferring with leading financiers to deviso moans of averting a panic on the Bourse. The London and European newspapers praise Lord Salisbury for his outspoken statements In solemnly warning the Porte. The Armenian towns of Erzeroum and Trohlzond aro in ruins, owing to the re cent anarchy, tho damage being estimated at £250,000. Turkish provincial governors have been ordered by the Sultan, under pain of punishment, to repress disorders. The panic on the Vienna Bourse caused by the disorders in Turkey has been un equalled for 22 years. The Rotli3ChildB are taking steps to allay It. Franco is demanding the execution of the Turkish Governor of Diarbekir, and a French squadron is holding Alexandretta, tho port of Aleppo, till the Porte complies. By a fire at Bonnie, Teare and Co.'s ware houses, tt'Beckett-street, Melbourne, yes terday, £24,000 worth of damage was done, tho insurances being for £20,000. Tho insuranco ofilcos principally concern ed In Bonnie, Tearo, and Co.'s fire at Mel bourne are the Commercial Union, the Pala tine, and tho Atlas Co. Three firemen were injured at the fire in Melbourne yesterday, one of them having his head broken by a fall. Important papers relating to the proposed Pacific cable are being seut from Canada to Australia. The Secretary of State for the Colonics is expediting the construction of the rail way into tho Matabelo territory. South Africa. Mr. Chamberlain will appoint certain officers in connection with the Matabelo railway, to reside at Iiawa, and tbe sale of liquor to natives is to be strictly pro hibited. The revenue of tho colony last weelc amounted to £112,489, a net decrease of £11,020 compared with the corresponding period o£ 1S94. From 1st to 9th inst. the revenue of New South Wales shows an increase of £5531 compared with the first nine dayd of Novemher, 1S94. The principal decreases in tho revenue of tho colony last week were — Railways, £14,518; and land sales, £2250, Tho Customs revenue last week showed an increase of £3045, and stamps an in crease of £4000, over the corresponding period of 1S94. The net increase in the colony's revenuo for the current financial year is £29,152, compared with tho corresponding period of 1804. The principal increases in the revenue of. New South Wales for the current fiuauclul year are — Customs, £35,253; railways, £23,190; Post-office, £19,738; and miscel laneous land receipts, £13,332. At the Sydney wool sales yesterday 10,032 bales were catalogued, and 979S bales were disposed o £. At the Brisbane cycling carnival yester day tbe five miles scratch race was won easily by Zimmerman. Mr. J. H. Young, Minister for Works, opened a new bridge over tbe Murrum- bidgeo at Wagga yesterday, and it was christened "Tho I-Iampden," after the new Governor of tbe colony. Tho R.M.S. Rome sailed yesterday, lor London with 20,000 sovereigns, shipped by tho Australian Joint Stock Bank; and 2400 sovereigns by Hoffnung aud Co. Tho steamer Wodonga yesterday brought 5930os. o£ bullion from Queeensland, valued at about £21,000, lor the Queensland National Bank. Owing to tho drought, and from other causes, there has been a decrease of 20 and 40Vi per cent, respectively iu tlio lambing of tho autumn and the winter. Statements by a prominent member of tho Chamber on the probable attitude of tho Legislative Council towards a com promise with tho Assembly on the Taxation 'Machinery Bill aro published to-day. It is stated by a representative member of tho Legislative Council that the As sembly lias not "tho ghost of a chance" to get an exemption from the land tax conceded by tho Upper Chamber. Tho K.M.S. Alameda, from San Francisco via Aucklund, arrived In Sydney yesterday. Tho R.M.S. Rome loft Sydney for London yesterday, via ports. A court-martial was held on H.M.S. Roy alist yesterday, when a boy named Fergus- sou was sentenced to three months' Impri sonment and 24 stripes with the birch for striking an officer. Tho tram traffic last Saturday showed a great falling off In comparison with tli< Prluco of Wales' Birthday holiday In 1894. Tho Congregational Ministerial Fraternal Association has entered a protest against gambling, principally referring to lotteries In ' connection with landed estates and friendly societies' demonstrations. The annual cricket match Parliament v. Press, was won yesterday by the newspa pers by 140 runs, one press player alone contributing 123 to the score. Robberies from shops and dwellings, in volving tho theft of largo and small sums, aro reported from Albury, Buckley's Cross ing, Goulburn, and Tcrrara. Martin Keating, a miner, was suffocated in two inches of water in a water race near Tmnbermuba, having, It is supposed, fallen in while iit a lit. A miner named Martin, who was injured .in an explosion while sinking a shaft at Purnamoota on Wednesday, died in the Broken-hill Hospital on Sunday. Very light supplies of Irult wore offered yesterday, and met a rather quiet demand. Early summer fruits were more plentiful. By a fire at Singleton yesterday threo cottages were destroyed, tho insurances amounting to £850. Tho hearing of the Paterson judicial se paration suit was continued at the Divorce Court yesterday. '-> The railway goods shed at Southern Cross (W.A.) was burnt down on Sunday, tho damage bc-lng estimated at about £30,000. Francis James Roberts, a selector near Gunnedah, is under remand locally, charged wltli throwing a chemical ou Ethel Wright, .and attempting to poison a family named Glass gy placing strychnine in flour. Michael M'Manus, a tanner, had his head „ crushed in a leather press at Munday's tannery, Geelong, and lie was taken out dead. Business in tlio Import markets was quiet yesterday, but prices continue lo harden in nearly all leading Hues. Produce was also firmer. A Cootamundra ox-publican named John Hannah is on remand locally, charged with shooting ills wife during a family quarrel. On tlio Sydney Stock Exehango yesterday tho most prominent feature was the heavy fall In Broken-hill aud West Australian mines. Junction relapsed Cs, Junction North 2s Cd, and Great Boulder 10s. Investment stocks were quiet on tho Sydney Stock Exchange yesterday. In the intercolonial cricket match at Ade laide yesterday, tho South Australians' first Innings closed for 103, and tho Victor ians iu their second innings made 210 for ona wicker 