-lk Ills MfjtrunsitiiTi ' ^6 ' *°b AN EXCELLENT KNAVE. A DETECTIVE STORY. (Br Fitzgbuald Mor.i.ov. CHAPTER VI. true to iiim. 1 But you said ? ' she began, raising her head acd staring at him in sur prise. ' That Suspicion rests on nie ; true. Suspicion is like the wind — none knows whence it comes ; it is irresponsible ; impossible to trace. Though it over whelms and destroys, it is invisible, and no, man can arrest its course once it has started on its way.' i mm.:„ — ;ki„ . il,„f oil J.U10 IO , ..'U, .... men — ol), it can't bo true,' she-cried, for womanlike, she waV unwilling to believe in what she disliked. 'But it is ; and what is worse, dear, it leaves us further apart than when your cousin lived.' ' How is that ?' she asked, striving to nnderstand him, ' Don't yon see? Wh;l9t suspicion rests on mo I can never ask yon to share my life.' ' Bnt I would like to show tho world niy belief in you,' she said, looking at him proudly. ' Thank God !' he muuttered, with a swelling heart. ' And if you suffer, dear, lot me share your burden ; for it will not be half so heavy if borne by two.' ' Oh, my dearest,' he murmured, his arms around her; 'never did man win so noble a prize. But.it cannot be ; it cannot, and it must not be. To-day the cloud that hangs above me is no bigger than a man's hand ; to-morrow, or next day, it may shut out all sun light from my life, and I dure not drag you under its shadow.' ' With yon, Hugh, I could hear any thing.' ' My dearest, I will not let you go from me. I once said nothing would part ns, and I say it now,' he replied, boldly. \- But ? ' ' Listen to me. There is but one way to clear myself from suspicion, and that is by discovering the murderer. That shall and must be done ; whoever he is, wherever lie is, I shall rest neither night nor day until lie stands before the world convicted of this deed.'' She caught the influence of his Btrength and resolution, ami it swayed her mind and filled her with hope. Then for a moment she hesitated, and said, ' But if you don't succeed V . 1 Succeed I shall,' he answered deter minedly. 1 For myself, I am careless of what the world may say and think ; but' when the suspicion throatens to come as a barrier between you and me, thou it must cease to be, for I cannot live with ? out you, Cicely.' ' Heaven grant you success,' she said fervently^ '.I, will .inv.oko the powers of heaven and of hell to aid me. So long as the murderer is undiscovered I cannot claim you as my wife ; and yet my wifo you shall be, Cicely,, for nothing can come between us but death.' CHAPTER VII. GEOFFKEV GILLESBY. As the result of his determination to discover the murder of Charles Forrester, Hugh's first impulse was to turn detec tive and begin the search himself. Some slight consideration showed him' the hopelessness of such a project. He was all unskilled in the art practised by men gifted with sensos of more than ordinary acuteness ; whoso perceptions penetrates tbe surface of appearances ; whose minds are trained to seine upon and put together trifles unheeded by tho majority There was no clue to the murderer, and in the great world of Loudon he knew not ffhere or how it might be sought or established. Therefore he regretfully recognized that personally he was unfitted and un able to trace tho man who had cut olf Charles Fonester's life in its dawn and sent him to an early grave ; to bring to justico the wretch whoso deed had cast suspicion on the innocent. How ever, Hugh felt some satisfaction in knowing that even if ho must remain inactive, he could employ the best talent iu- the detective force to search foy the criminal and bring him to his doom. He remembered Inspector Inquies' words, and at first thought of communi cating with him, hut on consideration, his distrust of the man, and his belief tbat Inquies regardcdjhiiu with suspicion, made Hugh turn from lii:n. The man of all others whose services he would like to securo was Geoffrey Gillesby, who after a brilliant record had now retired from the detective force. Tho world was familiar with his name, and ho was no less dreaded by one scctiou of society than admired by tho other. A man of logical mind, daring courage and won derful subtlety, a strategist, a diplomat ist, and a student of human nature, ho had by tho exercise of his talents drag ged offenders against tho law from hid den places, and tracked perpetrators of crime with the instincts of a blood hound. Hugh felt that in tho hands of such a man the scarch for Charles Forrester's murderer must end in discovery. But Geoffrey Gillesby had retired to tho quiet of privato life, leaving no equal behind. Hugh wondered if he had trained a pupil to follow iu his footsteps, and then tho thought came that Gillesby might allow himself to bo consulted regarding the man most suited to be entrusted with the caso. Resolving to act on the idea, Hugh after sonic difficulty gained tho famous detective's address, and with tho hope of obtaining serviccablo advice, mingled with a curiosity to see a world renowned celebrity, set out one morning for Gray's Inn, where Gillesby lived iu prn'jo aad obscurity. The houso Hugh Sought was ono of those dark, old fashioned buildings, standing in stately J rows, solemn and somewhat gloomy'; - alike iu height, build, and colour, looking out upon a gray court and guarded by gates from the vulgar traffic 'hat during the day surges through Gray's Inn Road and Holborn. Few oE the habitations are fully tenanted save, perhaps, by ghosts of lawyers who, haviDg spent monotonous years within these sombre walls, vanished one by one from their familiar places and were seen no more by man. Solicitors, journalists, and students, bachelors all, occupied chambers in tho upper storeys, where lights aro seen at night, marking by contrast tho general blackness of the room below, used as law offices by day. Having found the house he sought, Hugh entered the arched, doorless portal and bogan his ascent up the narrow, well-worn, winding stairway, passing lobbies with double doors, bear ing names of tenants, until ha reached the topmost floor. On the left-hand side door was a brass plate bearing tne name Geoffrey Gillesby, and above it a small knocher. Hugh paused a second, wondering w^iat bis reception would be, and then having rapped waited some minutes. No sound of life came from within, and he felt disappointed, believing he had missed the man he wished to see. But before leaving he knocked a second time in answer to which summons the door was , partially opened and a man stood in the aperture as if ready to bar the way of ' intruders. Ho looked at Hugh with a swift, shrewd glance that noted every detail of his bearing, and finally fixed his eyes que3tioningly on his visitor's face. ' Can I sec Mr. Gillesby ?' inquired Hugh. ' Who wants him'?' the man asked abruptly. ' I do.' answered the artist. 'Your name?' ' Hugh Moreland.' (To be Continued .). For Gravel and Kidney complaints use Colemane and Son's Eucalypte Extrac . 