'Auauft's Gnosr.' Ameetiug of the Narandera Pony and Galloway Club will be held on New Veura« Day- lbe programme of which appears in our advertising columns. This is a, step in. the right direction, and no doubt the venture will turn out Biuuewfdl.- It has five pony and two bicycle races in its bill of fare. The programme of the Fire Brigade Sports will appear iu next issue. At Darlington Point Geo. Parelow has in work Saxon., and another colt by Hercules Both look well (writes an esteemed corres pondent), and Saxon will be very hard to. beat. A. Clifton has Heretic and a brown colt by Southern Cross in ham!. Great things are expected in the hurdle line from Heretic, but if I am not mistaken,, he is onlv a commoner. Peter O'Malley has Sandhurst and Toe tbe-Mark in Work at Whitton. Egebcrt is. also in work there. Ted Davis1 six months' disqualification expired yesterday, and no doulit be will shortly be seen m the saddle again. ' His last mount was Sunshower, and it would, not susprise ine to soe him have the first mount after bis enforced retirement no the ?Sunrise horse, who- 1 notice is being schooled over the big fences and jumps like a stag. There is word from Melbourne to the effect that Burrabari, who was galloped on *nd cut ahnnt the hocks in th&y-R.C.; Handicap, has not been ab e to leave hie box since the V.R.C. spring meeting. The- Muvrumbidgeo Turf Club have decided to hold a meeting on Now Years' Day, at which the cum of £50 wM ba offered in prize money.' og oimon neaaea me use ot winning sires when the last mail left England, his progeny hayiuR won about £31,000, to which St Irus quin with £11,000 was tho principal can- . tributor. ' ? Robinson Crusoe is to leave St Albme for New Zealand, a Napier buyer having secured the old horse, whose yenrs sit lightly Upon him, ' for he is yet sprightly eccugb. R. Derrett. Mr Stead's first jockey, has ridden the last six winners of the new Zealand Oaks.. . . » ,,; Nod Hanlan has won a champion sculling race at Tex a?, U.S., against George Bubeaiy' '? , who, however, beat him twice out of five timoa. Tie play in the Iutercoloniii Lawn Tennis Tournament this year was excetjtioually bril liant all through. Dunlon, of Victoria, boat Kice, X.S.W., iu tbe final fur the Champion ship. Tiie Assyrian, who won the Melbourne Cup in 1882, dropped dead in Hobart last Wednbj- . Waterfall bus got his share of weight in the Queensland Cup— 9st 131b. Ziinmernun lias gone to the Mountains to recruit, and will not race again until Decam bor 21 - at his own meeting in Melbourne. Strombeli, after serving marcs for aseason fa - California, is to bn trained again fur 'racing. A move is likely to be mado to extend the ?-?'?? instruction in iwimmins to a'.I public school- .; toyaia Now S.uth Wales. Mr Daniel Cooper refused 23W»s for towly, a yearlinjr filly by Common from Lonely. JGadas, fur whom 20,000jfn were said tw have been refused recently, has gone to the stud. ? Eiritlafordo's victory in tlio Sandurst Cup is attributed to Holmes' splendid riding. Cliamviuu StinUmy is d*i!y expectia; to heir that lin triemlj in EnglaaJ have matched him against Harding. J. C. Bowden, having canterad over Anderson hard held, will be put through a process of deferred whitewashing by the V.A.T.C. jiext January. Meanwhils ho is a kind of quarantined whilst tin) swell members of the club are digestib' their grael. Pitchery, the Wyndham Summer Handi cap winner, was bred at St Albans, /and is a lialf-biother by Robinson Crusoe to Othello. He cost 65 guineas as a yearling. Lady Susan, Pitcbery's grand-d»in, is the dam of Culstouu, Solo, and Tiie Seine. The Otago Cup, 350 sovs., oue mile and a half, was run at Uunedin J C. spring inciting on Wednesday, aa-i woo by Barmby, by Vanguard froiln Miss Lucy, who carried 8st. 41 ll TLf -kHinn ^r,t- OtU ?-,.? ^,___.. J ? J r\' ? -J.il/, UIKLIUU, |OU. t7^Ut HtlD QCUIJllU. UUU UTlPDV Grand, 8st. 21b. third. . M^jor George thinks Euroolydon is the best thiee-year-old he has ever seen. Verv real is the interest taken in our Tmf Clubby Mr and Mrs Gouifh. To the many costly presents made by them Mrs Gough has add.d the highly bred mire Berengaria (daughter of Eagle and Bodicea). - It has been said ' What mm has done mvi do,' and exempli gca.tiu. this gift is most valuable. LaOiesare reminded by advertiaemont ia . another oolumu that the adjourned meeting Io appoint bill and bazw committa will be held at the Council Chambers oa Wednesday (to-raomow) afternoon at 5 o'clock, and it is hoped all who oan will attenJ. 'Nothing succeeds like success.' Brookleigh is top weight for' for tiie Summer Oup with 9st 71b, Hops, ok'.i 9st 31b, Moblamia 9s t 21b, Deleware gat, Trenchant and Quiver 8st 121b, others down to Laura fist 71b. Hopscotch is tep. weight for the Carripg ton Stakes with Bit I lib. n^loivoro o.«t a^ Nobleman. Sat 71b, iVhakawatea 9«t 31b, Mahte 9st 21b; Aomeua and Couralie 8st- 1111), others down tp Scouria 6st 71b. Brockleigh iioids the list in Tattersills Cup with Bat 21b. The match between the Cosmopolitans and the Mechanics, (.otttiaued on Saturday, occasioned very little intercut, the result appearing a foregone conclusion. Tho Cosmos carried their total to seventy when tlie last wiokot fell, Bhowiug a shortage of 07 runs. The Mechanics declared their second inn ings closed when they liad scored SO rims at the co-,t of four wickets. M'hen stumps whore drawn tho Cosmos had last four wickets /or 32, leaving 104 to be got to, save dsfeat. 