Iuiddenliain (BY " METEOR. More .spiendid rain here this last week, which makes things in general very bright and gladsome looking, even the very atmos phere seems to put new life into a man. The birds sing sweetly in the trees, the flowers bloom,, and' their fragrance perme ates the air, and everything is endless bliss; of course that is proyiding^you have won a prize in a Melbourne sweep. Ah me ! Still for all that Luddenham stems to grow duller than ever; no concerts, no amuse ment, no nothing ; and no wonder that it; is so, as people are almost afraid to venture out after dark for fear they might see a ghost , or a ghostess^ or" some other "hob goblins with long hair, etc" a little better looking than themselves. We feel extremely sorry for Luddenham that one of these hideous creatures made its appearance here quite recently, as we had hopes that this pla;6e was going to boom, inasmuoh as we were going to have good roads, good bridges, and best of* all, a real Government railway to come through"a certain party's backyard; but now the land buyers have shied off when they hear such disparaging remarks about this place, and it would pay our local leading' butcher to Kennedyise, hypnotise, or mes merise any mor<? of these spectres that come prowling around his place trying to frighten people, as it is very bad for trade-and don't you forget it. Despite all this spook business, the Dean case is still first in everybody's mind. Wherever you-may go you are invariably asked, ' What about the Dean case ?'' What do you think of the Dean case ?'. Happen ing to overhear "a few remarks by some Sydney yo"ung gents, we heard one say, ' Have a nip, Jim ?' ' Oh, yes, don't mind, but are you sure there is no arsenic, in it ? Another one chimed in,' Never mind the arsenic as long as there is no stryohnine.' Then another asks, ' How about the Dean case now ? ' ' Oh,' is the reply, ' You only want an old woman to get up and swear she ll ever saw Dean do it, and they will be sure to release him.' But our otvn ideas are that it resembles .the penny a pouiid sausage there is a mystery about it 1 ' We hear at last that tbe inhabitants of Gkeendale and over the river are to be coaxed-from their caves and gullies to listen to sweet music, inasmuch as the Church of England Choir,. under the con ductorship of the Rev. 0. Blackett; are going to hold a service of song over there in a few weeks' time.. There "is also to be a tea meeting in connection with it. The effort has our best hopes and sincerest wishes for its success; as the people of that part of the district are looking forward to it with great pleasure as something to liven up their Xmas time, and as it is the first of its kind for many years, we hope everyone will assemble and enjoy the time as much as possible. Mulgoa is going iu for high jinks this week, and we also hope that the'garden fito and other things - in- connection with it will be as big a success as anticipated. The Primitive Methodist Choir are time) a success. We feel sure that each and everyone will do their "best. Now that Christmas time is coming again, we hope to see someone suggest some idea in the Bhape of pleasure and amusement. If we only would all pull j together we might have many enjoyments which otherwise we do not have, while l other places, have all the fun ; at anyrate we all know that a day spent, in the shape of a picnic down by the rippling waters, of the cool shady Nepean is a treat in this warm weather, but the moral is, " Beware [ of snakes ! " which we hear are getting as numerous as poor horses ! By-the-bye, we ! believe that there was an Irishman out this way somewhere who had a horse so j thin*that ho had to tie a^double knot in his tail to stop his body from slipping through ( the collar. Ali'm. 