BIJOU THEATRE; Another large and appreciative audiencB greeted the-ELudson- Surprise Party at the Bijou. Theatre on Monday evening, when Saturday's programme .was successfully, re peated. ..Mr. . Harry; . Shine's eccentricities on 'the corner provoked uncontrollable laughter, ,. and his; ! vocal, contribution: " Trinity. Church" met with an' overwhelm ing reception. The singing, of the Misses Dora Busch, Lillian Stanbridge, and' Ida Rosslyn was received with general favor, and Air. Wallace King was also .accorded a hearty welcome. The trick bicycle riding and/hori zontal bar performance of the Barcelle Eamily hit the .popular. taste, and the instrumental selection's of Miss May Habgood and Miss Eunice v Hernandez won loud and hearty, applause.. Thesame bill will be again re peated this evening, and .will doubtless attract another crowded house. . > . ■ ; : . . ; Another excellent programme is being,ar ranged by .Messrs. T. .. H.: Jones , and W. Lockley for .their patrons "next. Saturday evening at the ,Town- Hall. The : programme will be ready in a day or two. The third of a series of popular winter en tertainments was. given in the Glenelg-Town Hall on Monday evening, when Silvester's Royal Hlusionists,, appeared, before a . large and some clever legerdemain, formed the sub ject of Professor Silvester's performance for, the first half.- The second part of the enter tainment comprised. some clever productions, including the "Sleeping beauty,"represented by Lalle Silvester suspended in mid air. The spiritualistic expose, and an application of the Glenelg "ghost,"a peculiar local production, were also in the programme, which was pleas ingly contributed to by the/Misses Gross and Mr. C. .Cross, .the: former rendering musical selections, and the latter reciting the "Dream of Eugene Aram", with great success., A Circuit Court of criminal jurisdiction will be held on August 13 to try cases at Palmerston. :,His - Honor : AH; Justice - Dash wo'od, who is at present in -'Adelaide on leave of absence, will have returned to- the Northern Territory in time to preside. v;. 