TURF NOTES. The Chiltem Amateur Turf Club will hold their test rare meeting on Saturday, 26th Octobfr. nominations for Chiltern Amateur Tcrf Clob Handicap, FJying Stakes, and Hurdle Race, close with the hon. secretary, Mr. F. F. Woodward, Chiltern, before 9 p.m., 16ch October. The full programme appears in another column. A wager of #600 to £200 was laid by a Sydney bookmaker a few days ago that the Melbourne Cop would not be won by a horse Bircd by Trenton. Vanitas has been withdrawn from the Melbourne and Caulfiald Cups, The Albury sportsmen who journeyed to Oorowa to assist in the winter race meeting, are lond in their praise of the manner in which everything was carried out by tbe officers of the clob. The hon, secretary, Dr. Lang, ia a good sportsman, and the right sort of a man to make race meeting successful. The Albury contingent „ iy the weather was fine, the attendance good, the racing excellent, and better still they were able to spot a good number of winners, returning home with a fair share of the " bookies" capital. Reynaldo, the winner of the Amateur Hurdle Race at Oorowa, is a horse that should prove very serviceable to his owner. Besides being a fair animal over the little sticks, be has a dash of foot that should erable him to win races on the flat also. He is a well bred horse, being by Horatio from Letitia (by Glorious—Miss Wasp). Reynaldo is not built on such a big scale as bis brother Polonius, but, nevertheless, he is not by any means a small horse. He is the property of MB breeder, Mr. Jobn M'Donald, the Kiewa- street butcher, a good sportsman, and one of the oldest racing men in Rirerina. Reynaldo is trained by the painstaking Dan Donovan, who had to leave his horse, Flood, in Albury, having wrenched his foot whilst doing a gallop a few days previous to the races; Flood was too core to take down to Corowa. The accident occurring so near the date of the meeting was unfortunate as Dan had him pretty forward in condition. However, the mishap was not serious, and the son of Grosvenor is himself again. Jack Hoysted, who trains his horses at Narandera, won two races for Mr. Devlin at Oorowa. Lindsay, one of tbe SunriBe family, ac counted for the Trial Stakes, and in tbe Welter Handicap had the misfortune to get caught in the ropes of the starting machine, and was left at the post, The other horses ran tbe distance, but aB the starter did not call out" go," the race was run over again. Lindsay, evidently getting a fright in the first instance, would not start wben tbe barrier went up the Becond time. He wheeled round and loBt so much ground that he could not reach the other horses, and Hirundo won, Stewardess, another of Devlin's horses, won the Winter Handicap. This mare should win many races around Riverina, as she can be made a few pounds better than she is just now, she was rnnning at Narandera and was then considerably backward in condition. She is a good stamp of a mare, and being br Clan Stnart from Quebec, is well enough bred to be serviceable at toe stud after her racing is over. Jack Foster's useful Progress gelding, Oaspi, won the Selling Race at Corowa, and his other horse, Target (by the defunct Barb), ran a dead heat with Corsair (by Guinea) for the Flying Handicap. In the run off Corsair was on his best behaviour and won handsomely. Pitchery (by Robinson Crasoe) passed through Albury a few days ago He is engaged in both the Caulflild and Melbourne Cups, and is consigned to Joe Cripps, who trained Tarcoola for his Cup A point of some interest for discussion amongst racing anthorities arose over the Hack Race at the last Albnry winter race meeting. Foung Applause, one of the horses engaged in the race, waB late in getting away from the saddling psddock. All the otber horses being at the starting post, which was at tbe back of the course, the starter dropped his flag before Young Applanse could g°t over. The boy being near the centre of the course took a short cut across, and joined iu the race, passing the judge's box first with Seabreeze second. Of course the race waB awarded to the second horse, and the boy (Tyrrell), Toung Applause's rider, was disqualified for twelve months for taking part in tbe race. The backers of Toung Applause refused to pay, as they maintain that the horse was a non-starter. The bookmakers still claim that they should be paid. Now the question is - Should Toung Applause after weighing ont (although not getting into the starter's hands) be considered nnder the rules of racing as a starter; if not, should all wagers be off i Best Bower, by Sheet Anchor—Excelsior, ac cording to Mr. Dakin's handicapping in the Melbourne Cup, is a horse that must have a rare chan?e in the C&ilfleld; Cap. Mr. B»n«d, the aojuBtor of the weights for the Caulfleld Cup, has placed 8st 91b. opposite the name of the SOD of Sheet Anchor in the mile and a half rAce, whilst Mr. Dakin has allotted him 9at. over the Melbourne Cup, two miles. If Mr. Dakin is r'ght in placing the weight be has on Best Bower then we have a horse here that must be a good thing for a small investment. Best Bower won tbe last V R C. Birthday Cup, one mile Bnd a quarter, with 8st. I2ib. in the saddle; Hova, 9st 6ib., being second, and Straighlfire, 8st. 6lb., third, The field was composed of a good lot cf horses, including The Admiral and Moss Rose. Best Bower won easily by two lengths in 2min. 13Bec. The New South Wales horses should piny a prominent part in both the Caulfield and Melbourne Co pp. Eiridsforde, in Hickenbo'ham's stable, is the favorite for the Caulfield Cup at present, bat he WB8 beaten f&Bily; in b gallop on Thursday morning by the imported horse Mostyn, Taranaki most likely will be the boss tf this stable before very long, aud if he gees to the post for this particular cup fit and well, whatever beats htm will win. While we mast also keep Best Bower on our side, and Cronbrook'sbig eon (Atlas), if he comes under tfce starter's flag will be among the front division at the business end of the mile and a half race. In tbe Melboorne Cup the best lot so far nppear to be Bruin, Delaware, Carnage, Devon, Havoc, Portsea, Dreamland, Tbe Harvester, Hopscotch, and Taranaki. If this lot go to the post they should provide a fine race, and Devon, Bruin, Delaware, and Portsea, look a likely team from which the winner should come. American racing men have adopted a new mode of winning money on the tart They are now exporting to England horses that are nearly first-class, and are running them in selling races In these races they back them for very large sums of money, as their horses are so good in selling races that none of the moderates that run for this claBB of race in England are capable of lowering their colors. But a good thing does not last for ever, For one of these races a little time back a horse named Harry Reed was such a certainty that the party from Yankeeland planked down the dollars to a very large amount. The horee pot home, and Mr. M. Dwyer bad to fork out 1250 guineas to enable him to still be the owner of the horse, and the race club and the owner of tbe second horse divided the surplus (1050 guineas) from the selling price of the winner, Swordbearer, by Grandmaster—Cerito, who was very unlucky on tbe Australian turf, is to be sent to India shortly. Tin Swiveller is also likely to go to the same country within the next month, and it is more than likely that after the St, Albans distribution in October some of the valuable horses in that famouB stud will go to some other country. Mr, R, J. Mitchell has been appointed to the position of handicapper for tbe Mvrrumbidgee Turf Club. • Augur's Ghost," the sporting contributor of the Narandera Argue, referring to the disquulifl. cation of Fo.beB, the rider of Snip in Hurdle Race, says :—" It goes without saying that there were more in the swim than the tider, but they got off soot free to go elsewhere to carry on their nefarious practices. It is very unlikely that Forbes pulled the bone for sport, or that he had backed Raillery. The chances are that he was only a tool in the hands of others, and if tbe stewards bad given Forbes a ' free pardon' for telling the names of the offenders, they most likely'would have got at the fountain head, to wbom the club should have meted oat punishment richly deserved." The same writer sayB tbat Escapade has left the track for the paddock and will be mated with Mentor. Foul Shot, by Musket from Slander, purchased in New Zealand by an American breeder, has arrived in San Francisco. On the Iiandwick training track on Tuesday morning excellent work was done by Te Whiti (a Melbourne Cup candidate), Oxide (who will be a hard horse to beat in the Metropoliten Stakes), and Delaware (who was backed for the Melbourne Cup to win £5000 or £6000 on Monday night). Fitz-Donovan ran over Chestennan and Reconstruction in a mile spin. Most probably Fitz will have a cut for one of the handicaps at HawkeBbuiy next weak, 