A SUCCESSFUL DANCE. The dance in aid of the Convent of ilcrcj, Golden lirove, passed oft successfully at Sur reyville, on Wednesday evening, fully Ho couples being in attendance. Tbe ladies' committee, whoso auspiciously initiated the evening's amusement, are more than satisfied with tbe brilliant success of tha fathering. Mrs Hugh McLachlan was bon. sec. and Airs K A Toughry hon. treas., and to these Iftdioi the greatest praiie is due. The programme of dances was entered into with great spirit, and all present appeared to enjoy themselves. Alderman J V Moran and Mr Thos Fanning, as stewards, were incessant in their efforts to promote tbe harmony of tbe evening. The cammittee desire to thank Tooth and Co and Mrs Lynch for suppling asrated waters. The catering by Mr lillis was in ins first-claes style. The dresses worn were very hand some, notably Mrs H McLachlan, black silk and jet; Miss Keogh, ualo blue sik ; Misa Hi Moran, heliotrope silk ; Mrs % A liOUgacy, block bilk aud buttercup chiffon ; Miss ljulnlan, cream and buttercup; Miss Oiltinan, pale biueaiik; Miss Mcilaboh, black silk ; Mrs Byrne, buttercup ; Hies Lily Tnree, white and buttercup ; Mrs Furse, white liberty silk ; Miss Uouin&on;, green velveteen ; Miss Doyle in cream ; Miss War ing, black Bilk and jet trimmings; Mips buggan, fawn silk ; Mra Burns, black velvet jet trimmings ; Urs U T Gallagher, black merr ; Miss Moian ,blackmerv; Miss Keat ing, cream and cardinal ; Miss Brwin,' cardinal silk ; Mrs Hollpway, b)ack silk and buttercup ; Mrs Dr Flynn, white benqalinii ; Mrs itloore, black man ; Alias A Keating, white satin and blapk; Mrs 1 Funning! brown and pale pink; Miss Andeisps, buttercup Bilk ; Miss WjIbod, buttercup and violet; MIbs J Bryant, pink crepe;' Mrs Richardson, cream and heliotrope silk; Mrs Marshall, black atul p|d g«ld-r, Miss Mickey, black and heliotrope 'f lliss Slui-^iy craam nun?' veiling.; Mi B HyraWbite, white liberty silk; Mi'saKlliB, pink fiscelle lace; MissKcati, cherry and cream tilk ; Miss Buna, oau do nil and green eatin ; Mrs Dully, black 6i|k and jet ; Miss Murphy, white silk and Mai-' teje cross ; Mrs Coleman, eau dc nil and cream ; MisB Daley, pale pink ; Mrs lleidj, black moire and jet ; Miss Wilson, sea green and black; Mies Downs, salmon pink silk; Misi O'.Shea, buttercup silk and green ; Mrs Hogaa, pale pink; Hiss E. Quilby, whits silk and lace ; Hiss Quilby, pink and green and white velvet; Mrs if Byrnes, white liberty silk and heliotrope trimming; Urs O. Clement, white silk and violets; Miss Rigg, craam broache and blue ; Miss G. Uurke, white eatin ; MIbs Burke, while liberty silk ; MIbs O'Donnell, pink silk and green trimming ; Misa Walker, white cream and whito cashmere, cardinal satin and flowers ; Miss M Looseby, pelum blue and silver; Miss Sullivan, pale blue pongee and black. A concert in aid of tho chnrch and choir funds of St Mary's Boraan Catholic C'huich, Concord, was held in the Burwooil .School oi Arts on Thureday evening, the alteniianca being very Urje. A variety concert, under the patronage ot the Mayor or the Glebe, in aid of the Glebo Electorate Cricket Club, was given on TueBday evening in the lostl Tov.n Hall. The attendance wns large, and a iirst-clasi programme was carried out under the direc tion »£ Bdtttl, Lt -j, AbraJmnw aud K. G, Noble, the hon. secretaries. The following ladieB and gentlemen contributed to the programme: — MiaJ Lonnen, Miss Hegarty, Messrs. M Fitzgerald, H E Nolan, J Lord, Hahu, T O'Donnell, R Walker, 8 Keep, Alexander, U Hudson, Lennon, J Kldridge, and 0 A Cunningham. The entertainment concluded with a laughable farce entitled 'The Office Ghost,' the characters being sustained by Messrs. W Stanley, Sara Keen,, and W Woolaoot. Korroa, College-street, Newtown, was the scene of a bright gathering on Monday evening the 31st instant, on the occasion of Mrs, Kenwood's birthday, given by a num ber of her friends. Between 20 and 80 couples were present, one of tbe rooms being cleared for dancing, the music being sup plied by Messrs. Moloney and Benbarn. tiongs were rendered by Misses Elvy and Duglas and Smith, and Messrs. Solomon, Elvy, Knoks, Connors, Cliester and Benhara, The guests mjt down to an excellent supper at half past 11, the tables being tastefully decorated with roses and lillies. Mr H. Salomons proposed the health of the hostess and the host responded. Mr. Solomon aUo proposed the health of Miss Dare in honor of gathering together so many plcarant and agreeable friends ou tbe memorable occasion. Dancing went on merrily till 1 a.tn, The damage oi lliss Welbminia Moors, the well known Victoria!) vocalist, tq Mr Claude Stuart, a. pianist of great rapute, who arrived in Sydney wjth Mark Hanibourgh some weekB ago, took place in St Andrew's Cathedral, on Wednesday last, the Rev W. Cook officiating. * The bride, who looked charming in white silk, trimmed with Miltee lace, waa given away hy her uncle,' Dr. Hennesy. 6he was attended by three brides maids, Misses Stella Wyatt, Cannon and Punch. The bridegroom was attended by Professor Rice, LI/. D, who acted as best nan. After the ceremony the patty drove to Bobeville, Darling l'oint, where the wedding breakfast irae partaken of. The health of the happy pair was proposed by Mr T Hurray, sad drunk with musical honors, after which the newly wedded couple left for their country residence at Berrima. Among those present .at tha ceremony were : Mrs Munro (aunt of tbo bride), Miss Fit? Callagban and llise Stewart (cousins), and Messrs Hcnuessy, Meloy, Roach, Quion, Jones, Cook, Dinan, Hagner, and Wyatt. A meeting of ladies interested in St Vincent'B Hospital was held at that institu tion on Monday for tbe purpose of arranging the annual bal} in aid at the funds. In the absence of Lady Darley, Mrs Hughes pre sided, and the following committee were elected :— La,iy Barley as president ; Mrs Thomas Dalton and Mrs X M Siattery, bon treasurers ; and Wrs J W Flood, Miss Fannjc Doric, and Mr Carl ifiBchcr, lion sees :— MeEdames Hqghef, Prendorgabt, ScottSkirv inii, Harrison, W Hughes, Car) Fischer, Cohen, Featherstonq Marshall, F M'Dppald, Tbroaby Robertson, W J Dixpn, Maitjand, Lyden, F Butler, Armstrong, Theodor, BoeEcu, T Hughes', Mnlljns, J VV Street, Todd, A J'Elley. P Biley,' Plunkett, Deery, H Qulnlan, Fairfax B,oas, Punch, Jamiesoh, WJ Hickey, Boyd, Oxenham, the Misses O'Neill, Maber, Langton, Coveny, M'Grath, 6'Keetfe, F Biley, O'Brien, Kva JphnBtou, Quiplan, Bruton, l'urcell, Doyle, and Arm strpne. Apologies for non-attendfince 'were received from Mrs Button, Lady Salomons, Lady lnnes, Lady CharleB Pnulet, Mcad'ampi ft ]f O'Connor, JJ'CJuirp, 'Wood, Furnlval, Miller, tenny, Castle. B F Marks, Elliot Meyer, W Orr, O OBeale, ,IJ Power, Hi)l, I.e Messurier, M'ltanps, Missea M'Carthy, Lamb, U'Dobagb, DiUpn', Watfer, O'Connor. Tbe bill will probably be held during Iia6ter wpek. Tho residence of Mr Joseph Winters, Oam bridgo-street, Balmain, displayed a very gay appearance on the afternoon of Friday, 18th instant, on the occuion of the celebration ot Miss Nellie Winters' eigth birthday, The juveniles gathered in great numbers, and looked very nice and add in their fancy cob tames, Misi Winters was the recipient of man; valuable present's. Amongst those present were Miss Oissy Winters, ' Folly ;' May Austin, 'Norman Peasant ;' Amy Bel lamy, ' My Sweetheart ;' Ekie Fairweather, ' Uo-Peep:' Daisy ilqran, 'Spanish Danseuso;' Flossie Wilspn, ' GipBy Girl i' J-iHje Feathor, ? Spring ;' May and Lillie Strahan, * Skirt Danocrs ;' Ivy Bayis, ' Little lied . Bidinjt Hood;' Josephine Johnepn, 'Cotton Girl,' and many others. Misa Nellie Winters was very suitably dressed as the ' Fairy Queen,' Aftot the juveniles had partaken of a good spread, and enjoyed themselves with games, they were jojned by their parents and adult friends in tbe evening. Dancing was kept up then till the early hours of the morning, interspersed with songs. Chief amongst the contributors in tbe singing were Miss Lena HuycB and Mr James Job&eun;, bx-M.L.A. When the time came to shapo for home everyone had a feeling of tnankfnlnesi towards Mr and Mrs Winters lor the very pleasant evening they bad — young ami old— spent under their hospitality. Mr and Mrs Thomas Spence, jC Bonnibry street, Alexandria, well-known residents' of tbiB district for many years, celebrated tv.e coming of age of their second cldcBt d^ughtei , Bessie, on Tuesday last in Mr it Collins' rooms, Regent-street. Ihcre was a larLe attendance, the daughters of Air Speuie being deservedly popular amongst thou friends and acquaintances. Supper \va» served in the ante-room, Mr W H Moou catering. The birthday' cake occupied the place oi honor, and was cut by the Rev. T ,F Curtis, who proposed the health of Him Bessie Spence and her family. He Eaid b'. he had known Mr Spence and bis family for tbe past 20 years, and could not speak of them too highly. He hoped that Mieb Bessie Spence would enjoy many happy days in the future, and trusted that spiritual and tem poral blessings would be granted to 11 r Spence and bis family for the rest of their days. (Applause.) During the evening Mrs Curtis contiibuted a sweet solo in her Usual cultivated style, and saage were also reu dered by the Misses Brabant and Vannun, Mrs Ho bins, Miss Montgomery, the Misses Spence, and 11 r Banks.. A violin -solo was splendidly given hy KVifs Amy Stmfipid (pupil of Pruf. Ckudleigh), tkp item bcin-; Ipudly applauded. Miss Speuce iyag tha recipient ot a cumber of very handsome .presents. Dancing was l:u|.t goiug ti|l about i a.m., when the party broke up with ' AuM Lam; cyne.' 