EVENING SESSION. The evening session was held in the Baptist Tabernacle, Elizabeth-street, The preliminary prayer meeting (7 to 7 30) was conducted by Miss Soundy. By the half hour the large building was full and the audience were still arriving By 7,45 there was no further seating or floor space available. Mr J. Macfarlane again presided. A very large number of ministers of various denominations were present, and the Endeavour badges were more numerous than ever. After the singing of two hymns and in prayer, The PRESIDENT, in a few well-chosen words, welcomed the visitors. They were not merely the guests of the friends in Hobart, but the guests of the King. He welcomed them in the name of the Lord Jesus and of the Hobart Societies, very heartily. Pastor HARRIS , (President Launceston Union) responding for the visitors, said that nobody had a greater sense of the kindness of the friends at Hobart than he had himself. If there were 160 Endeavourers from the North they had had 160 welcomes already. Very many of them could have found more than one home if they had been able to distribute themselves. He thanked the Hobart societies, on behalf of the visitors, for the hearty welcome and splendid hospitality that had been accorded them. He had heard of the hospitality of Hobart people long before he ever saw Hobart, and he had found that the reports had been in no degree exaggerated. He was Glad they met in such happy circumstances, if he could say a great deal about their societies in the North, he did not know that he was inclined to. Their Endeavour Society was not a society of mutual admira- tion. (Hear, hear.) They had heard a great deal of time lately about the strength and activity and usefulness of their societies. He was out sure that it was a good thing to talk too much about themselves in that way. (Hear, hear.) They should magnify the Christ of God who had done so much for them. He remembered that a few years ago when the Endeavour movement was started on the other side of the Straits people talked a good deal about the dog's skin bent it boat table rock, and took qoUksand and within a short time the movement was sure to get into trouble. They were, too large extent, outliving those criticisms ; the Christian Endeavour movement had justified its existence, and could go on US war praising God. A lot had been said about the want of spirituality in the societies. He ventured to say that there was more spirituality in the Endeavour Societies than in the rest of the Christian Church. The Society had really got upon its knees, and the society would he hard to find whose members had not become more prayerful and spiritual by reason of their connection with the movement. Another feature was the growth of the missionary spirit. If a movement had not the missionary spirit it had not the spirit of Jesus Christ, He thanked God for the Endeavourers who I had offered for foreign service, and for those who were in China, Africa, India, and the Isles of the Sea serving the Master. (2 Arnon I") The Christian Endeavour Society was going to be a great agent in i spreading the Gospel in foreign lands, It had also been said that Christian Endeavourers did not study their Bibles. That reproach was being wiped away. In New South Wales, in particular, they had a system of Bible study brought from America, and a large number of Endea workers were going through a long course of study, which must prove of inestimable value. He wished they could get that system introduced and extended throughout Tasmania. As to evangelistic work, he know of cases where churches had been filled with enthusiasm through the earnestness of Christian Endea ourers. God had been working through the Society, and they should thank God, and take courage. ("Amen!') Wilona certain French soldier was wounded in battle he looked up while under the surgeon's knife - he was wounded near the heart and said, "Cut a little deeper, and you'll find the Emperor." There were many people who did not understand the Christian Endeavour movement ; but if they out deep enough and got at the heart of it they would find the Lord Jesus Christ. (" Amen !") He was struck not merely with the glorious possibilities and blessings of the Society, but with the responsibility that attached to it. That afternoon he had been unable to join in the singing of one hymn about throwing out the life-lines He thought, not simply of some one man or woman who might be sinking, but of the multitude of young men and women in Hobart, in Launceston, scattered up and down throughout the length and breadth of the country, who were being swept away upon the billows of sin not merely in danger of sinking, but absolutely sinking-going to death, many of them without God and without hope. Thorn were 2,000 enrolled Endeavourers in Tasmania, 50,000 throughout Australasia. John Wesley said, " Give me a hundred men fully devoted to God's service and filled with the Holy Ghost and I'll win the world for Christ." He thought that was, perhaps, saying too much. But if they had 30,000 consecrated lives, ought they not to be doing more than they were The Day of Pentecost had come. They believed in the Holy Ghost. Christ was at the head of their Endeavonrism. I What did they want more ? They wanted a mighty baptism of the Holy Spirit and of fire. If they had such a baptism of spiritual power as those early Methodists, had the great Christian Endeavour movement would turn the world upside down, and they should see the most glorious work ever beheld upon the planet. He trusted that at those meetings they should get into touch with the living Christ. First and foremost they had come there to meet Jesus. Oh that they might go back quickened, inspired, filled, endowed with the Holy Ghost and with power ! It only needed that to make them a blessing to every man, woman, and child throughout the length and breadth of the land, (2 Amen I") ' [The remainder of the report is held over.] 