! HINTS TO STOCKBREEDERS. It will probably be some time before South i Australiabeoomee actively. interested, in the!i livestookexport trade, but it is none the lees important that fanners and p&ztoralista; shouldbe oon veraant with what the English markets require. This .is the' opinion-of a leading Loudon.batcher on an Australian shipment, and his adrioe is srorth . noting :— Bullocks.—The prinoipal faults were:— .1st,' they were old ; 2nd, they were , horned ana strong m the bone; 3rd, fat, and.too heavy for London or any British market. What ia wanted for the British retail market is not a long- horned bullook, hut a short horned, home-bred one; but much more pre ferable a polled bullobk. Horns mean fat; polled means flesh. Now it is a well-fed, polled bullook under four years of age, the oaroase weighing between-650 and 760 lb. that will be easily sold, and bring the highest prioe in the British market, because, being young, it is tender; being fleshy, there ienowaBte, and between 650 and 750 lb., it is profitable to out. Such a class of bullook, even in a. very bad market, oan easily be cashed. Keep all your old fat bullooke for refrigerating pur poses, the eame as the Mexicans. The refri gerating process makes it tender; besides, those who sell frozen meat are not so-particu lar as the bntoher who sells home-killed meat, who has first to please the customer's eye, then hie palate, and at the same time have small- boned young beef, and a bandy weight of from 650to 750 lb., and toout it profitably to make it leave a profit to himself. Shkkp.—The sheep were nioe quality, hnt they were full-mouthed and crossed Lincoln and Leicester sheep with Meriuo. A good "many of them were several times orossed, but still a portion of these were distinct Morino. I sent the oaroaaea to market with their heads out off. First, beoause I did not want to show that they were full-mouthed ; second, beoause they were as white as ghosts in the faoe. Had they been two-toothed sheep, and any dark.Down breed in their faoe, I would have sent oaroases to the market with their heads on, which would have meant Id. to ljd. more per lb. for the caroase. Now, the Merino breed for wool and fat, ■ bht Down black for fine, lean, jnioy flash, and it ia juicy, lean flesh that the British pnblio want, and with two- toothed sheep of 60 to 66 lb. with Down breed in them—that is, black in the faoe, and with thB liberty of having them in the open market at Islington—I could have eold them for the provinces at 16s. per head more; bo I would strongly advise you for the future to send sheep under four years ■old—that is not full mouthed—and with blaok Dawn breed in them, about 66 lb., beoante there is a splendid market for that class of mutton in England. Holland, at present, gives ns these supplies at 8d.per lb. Sootoh has no Merinos, being young and nice weights is the reason that their oaroases bring fid. per lb. and ace eold easily. I would strongly advise you to oross your Merino ewes with a Hampshire Down. I recommend the Hampshire Down in prefereno to the South or Wiltshire Down beoause be is a long-bodied sheep and hardy, and would prodnoe a well-fed sheep, but lean, in three ye&ra; to 70 lb. readier than a Wiltshire or South Down, whilst a sheep 70 lb. would only coat the eame rate of freight and the eame feeding aa one of 60 lb. 