UNDER THE VERANDAH. Thero waa an eleotion for tho Legislative Council the other day, and the Conservative oandidato, grostly to the surprise of his friends, and especially of his backer in tho pross, was defeated. The successful competitor, a snore timo after his triumph, met an old frieud, who congratulated him on the viotory. " I suppose you were a good deal astonished," modestly observed tho new M.L.C. "To tell you the truth I was," said tho candid friend; " I did not think you had the ghost of a chanoe." " I thought so too," replied the victor, "until tho morning of the eleotion, but then , the Argus came out -with a flaming, articlo running mo down and telling the- electors that it -was their dnty to -return tho Conservative candidate." The old story over again. Tho eupport of the .Argus is fatal. Tho Castlemaino eleotion points the same moral. ' Every one will'hopo that tho lioavy thunder storms of Monday have signified the really final and farewell appearance of the drought. But this unwelcome viaitaot has extended his stay after so many intimations of departure that, as in the oase of a popular artist, weare never quite sure that we have said good-bye. I very muoh fear that he hai done more injury to tho farmer than even seasonable woather can immediately ropiacc. The exit has been made with some dramatic accompaniments. The downpour of tho rain has levelled orops, flooded streets, and shown again that the oapaalty of the Reilly- street drain is Insufficient for exceptional emor- genoies. But tho lightning and tho bail have pro duced the most aonsational cffocts. The lovin- brand from the skies has been tho cause of fatality to man and beast, and the hailstorm has been the ocoasion of some tall stories. Th size of the hailstoneB has varied, aeaording to tho idiosyncrasy of the narrator, from the parallel of peso and marbles to stonoi larger than pigeon and pullet eggs. It is well for soma of the opponents and advooateB of W Oman's Suffrage that they had not to give proof of eertain of their statements made during the debato last - week. One well- known landowner'eaid that it was only ohildless wives and old maids who agitated in favor of the measure. Now, it is a notioeable faet that .ohildless women are almost invariably opposod to Woman Suffrage. It does not oloaaly affect them as it must the woman with a family, and another and stronger reason is Uiat'iffievjonder, bow any woman who has oh/Wren!.' 'can- desire aught else. Mrr. Lynn Lintpnmid "Ouida" are tho bitterest opponents tlio measure. The first is ohildless, the lftttci\unmarrieiE 'i'iip. female lecturers who have cmneforwuyd. against the movemont hers and in Amcricanti Xi'Udcr the same category. From my observJrtsOaiorf this question— and it is fairly large— I oonoludc'' that the young old-maids arc ontircly in favor of the franchise ; the old, old maids aro divided on the question, but the ohildless wives are to a woman against it, Another legislator mado the joyously idiotio remark that there was nothing "under heaven more disagreeable than an entirely logioal woman." A woman's reasons, he. said, -aro summed up in the phrase, "It ia so because it is 1 And what oan a man say to that but smile, and perhaps kiss the speaker." The expression of an impassibility haa hitherto been /accepted as aptly conveyed in the Biblical aimile concerning a oamel passing through the eye of a needle. But a new version will come into favor if the Standing Committee on Railways maintains' its polioy of stubborn rejection of evety new proposal submitted for consideration, People will bo inclined to fore cast the fate of rieh men in another world by comparison with tho improbability of a railway sohemo getting safely through the ordeal im posed by this committee. The Minister of Railways sent down a littlo proposal, a very little one, indeed, only half a dozen miles of lino, and was very eanguine that his strong reoommondation would ovorcomo ail difficulties. But lie, too, has been disappointed and his bantling summarily squclolied. No one need rogret a lino whioh on oxpert testimony was estimated to involve an annual leas of nearly £100 a mile. - - Tho University professors are aotuated by a Sbyloek Uko determination to receive np to the very letter of their bond. They demand their increments, no matter how .the funds maybe obtained, or'what may bo the necessities of the institution. No doubt the position they take up is one severely logioal. Professors are of more' importance than pupils; the teaahere than the taught. - Better that tho oharaoter of tho training should suffer than that thoee who oceupy the ehairs should be in- oonvenienocd or the emoluments be reduced. When tho professors tro asked to eonsidor the circumstances of.. tho time and to concede some abatement' in tholr terms, they reply with eriiBhliig force, Is it so nominated in the bond? The Univcreity Council is in nn un happy position, hut it rebels when asked to devote an expected increase in tho endowment to paying professorial increments. There is a sublimity of impudonce in tho proposal that tho people should be taxed in order that pro fessors may wax fat and kiok. Tho Bweep promoters are evidontly unwilling to relinquish without a strugglo their opportuni ties of deluding the publio into providing them with tho meana of easily obtaining a living. Queensland has been the last of the Australian colonies to shut the door against their opera tions. The new law comes into force with the beginning' of the yoar, and there lias boen an eager, but' unsuccessful, attempt to reverse tiie decision. What, might have happonod if the public prcsB had not come to tho aid of morality it may bo libellous to indicate. But if half tho stories told aro true Queensland legislators liavo boon subjected to more powerful tempta tion than the original Adam succumbed to under the inoitoment of Eve. "Consultation" pro moters had even the audacity to sap tho virtue of the press, but the result of this effort has been to oxpiodo thsir undorground mines. The light of publicity shod upon their doings haa led tho Assembly to Incontinently throw out tho bill devised for tho purpose of legalising these "consultations," and a committeo of investiga tion bns been appointed to searohingly inquire into the methods of persuasion said to have been employed. The fashionable American dentist waa narrating ills experiences in Colorado and Now Mexico to an attentive audience in a suburban train. "Was tooth pulling pratty profitable there, doctor ?" naked a young Australian. " Well, you Bee, I wasn't practising my pro fession then," said the D.D.S. "The foot is I was on a newspaper." This was said so apolo getically that the rest of the oarriage laughed, and especially the well kuown journalist in tho oorner. " Yon see, - gentlemen," continued the dentist humbly, as one confessing a fault, " a man baB to turn h<B hands to 'most anything when ho goes West, but . I soon quit that business." The joy of theicarriage was re doubled. Tho Attorney-Geaoral ofa neighboring oolony called at a newspaper offio'e this week to see the editor, on old friend of bis. Marohing upstairs to tho ' sub-editor's room - tho Attorney-General said: "Is Mr. — — in? I wish to see him." "Well, you can't see him," said the Sub ; "no lone sees the editor without an appointmcnt. Anything I can do for you?" " No 1" wa» the reply. " I must sec the editor. personally." "Ohlyou must, must you !" said tho- Sub, glaring at his visitor from under his reading shade. " I tell you you can't. We're very busy to-night, and we've enough of your sort eoming bothering us with axes to grind or bellows to mend, so. I think you'd better clear." Tho Attorney- Goneral now telle this story with greet glee. ATTIOUS. 