some o host stories. Nobody should ever compile books of veritable ghost stories and omit those of Riohard Owen. Unlike most suoh narratives, they are true anil genuine, and ' told as tho professor used to tell them they were quite blood ourdling, Hore is one severely .condensed : — "Owon had com menced his oareor as a doctor, at his native town, Lancaster, and hail just completed his first di.soatious, tho cases of two prisoners, in a room of the old onstle, and ho coniessee that 'tho sheet having beon withdrawn from tho cold collapsed features of tho deceased, the half-opened eyes seemed to deprecate what thon struck me as a desecration of the sanctity of the dead. In vain my elder fellow pupil drew my attention to tho various pathological signs in the theoraoio viscera ; my gnzc would still turn to the pale cold features and the glaBsy eyeballs.' Late that night— it was in November, and a storm was rising— the young doator had to go to the towor alone. Just ns ho was about to n.ocud the spiinl stairoaso a gust blew out tho light of his lnntorn. Ho ascended in tho dark, the wind howled in the turret, ho had passed tho dreaded disseoting chamber, whon, he says, ' I saw above me a figure, at first indis- biuuiy viicu iu uttiur uiiwiuu, bait uiiu biiuij mail ing Aguilist or olasping tho central atone pillnr. My first alarm grew into a creeping, freezing horror, ns, staring intently upwards, I thought I distinguished tho pale, collapsed features and those half-opened glossy oyeo that hod haunted me through the day. I would have oalled for help, but I knew it would bo in vain, and I began a precipitate descent, when a second figure, in white nppo&vcd; bolow me, ns if . to intercept my passage ; that figure, too, seemed; to lean against or clasp the central column, and surely it bore the feature of tho other oorpne ! For an instant I grasped the pillar for support, and gazed upon the speotro in speechless terror (I was but young —16 only). An -unusually articulate howl above and a clattering liko some one in ohnins rapidly rushing down the staircase made mo start off in desporation. As I panned the lower ghost I felt something move, ami found I had dragged a sheet aftor me I This ovidenco of materiality recalled my shattered senues. That was the apparition ; n sheet had hern hung up to dry opposite a slit in the wall. I hung the sheet up again, end eootl saw. how tho round opening Eiotnred in tho bright moonlight on the sheet ad made the bead of the ghost ; soma folds of the Bheot and an excited imagination completed tho ghastly physiognomy. Every trace of the supernatural had vanished, and I deliberately re- ascended to tako a second and cool sorntlny of ghost number one. It wan, of oourHo, also due to tho moonlight through tho other window." Owen's " negro's head story" is quit© famous : — To enrich his craniologioal connection tho young dootor had surreptitiously cut off tho head of a fine specimen Ethiopian who was just about to bo burled. On his way homo after this deed of darkness, he wnu descending a hill, when, as ho loot his balance and foil forward, tbe rkuH - dropped out of the bag, rolled and bounded against tho door of a cottage. In that cottage a mother and daughter wero at that moment diBOuusing tho horrors of the slavo trade, then in full swing. They shrloked and rushed away, afterwards declaring that tbey had aeon 'the phantom of a negro slave lying on tbo floor, whioh turnod its ghastly hoad and glared at them for a moment4 with white pro truding eyoballe. A figure in blaok onterod at the same.moment,' Tho professor used to. sayv in trogio tones, 'The mystery of that phantom bead is known to me alone.'" 