Wesleyan Ghuroh Anniver- sary Tea Meeting. . rUBLIO MEETING. On Wednesday nlglit lat tho anniversary ton aud public mooting wn hold in tlio Wo- loyan Schoolroom and Church, and, if any thing, wa a greater suouoas and had a larger iittandimco than last year's annual gathering. Tho tables woro beautifully arranged, and thoir really handsome preparation, u well mi tlio dolioueics thoy contained, rolleotcd tho greatest credit on tho ludio who so kindly lend their aid to this your' toa-m'ooting. Tables woro prepared by Mosdntne Jeffrie, E.Wilcox, 3torriit, R. Wilcox, tihnukluton, Marshall, und Watson, . while, a number of otiior ludio assisted thorn inutoriutly, aud Misses Pomfrot, Mausford, Lukhig, ntul 3Ior- rltt also did good sorvieo in holphig tlio ladio with thoir work, Tlio attondoneo was vory largo; iu foot, no room wu avnilablo for thoso who happonod to ooino a littlo lute, so a second relay followod. After tea alt assembled ut tho Church, whoro tho publio meeting was to bo hold. Tlio altar wo most beautifully dcoomtod with flower, &o.;,tho work of 31r. Palethorpo, wliilo ou the table wus u handsomo collection of flowers, neatly displayed by hire. Joffrle. Tho uhair was oooupied by Mr. R. Alaud, tho Rovh. G. Horvoy, J. Orookston, ami W. Joffric also oeoupylug saat on either ido of tho Ohainnau. The1 Chairman, iu opening tho meoting, said ho wa ploaHcd to say thoy were ablo to rcdoom tho promise mndo last year. At thoir last unnivorsary thoy stated tlioy intoudod to hold ono tlii yonr. 'Thoy hnu oommoncod now, and ho thought ha might promio that this timo uoxtyoar. tlioy would hold anothor anniversary, nud if thoy required rain n« badly 'then us u'ow ho 'would not ho sorry to seo tho raiu ooino, oven if it did interfere a Httio witli their evening' guthoring. During tbo last 12 months thoy had boon vory suc cessful indood, uud their present indebtedness wu £154 18s. Od, loss tluin it was thno last year, and, iu addition to that, thoy had spent £30 in improvement on tho property. Ho did not think that was a bud record. Ho felt vory grateful for it, and thought a feeling of gmtitudo should ho oxpericncod by oaoh ouo of tliom. During tho present 12 months tlioy hoped to do a wall as thoy hud dono during tho pant. Ho hoped tlioy would rcaliso a tnuoh from tlii anniversary sorvieo a tlioy did from tlio last. Tho proMCtit indebtedness of the church wo £1200. On tho 1st of January tho Wcsloyun Loan Fund was going to loud ttfcm £250 for five yours, frco of in terest. Tlio hoped by tho anniversary and sale of work tlioy intended holding to put auothor £100 to that umount, so thoy would reduco tlio mortgage to £000 If thoy accomplished thut ho for ono would bo satis fied. Of course they inut bear iu mind tlmt other imitrovomont wcro necessary to tlio church, tiint would umouut to somothing liko £40, and ho thought it would ho a shamo if tlioy were not carried out. Ho thought tlioy should niter tho utimversury somewhat, and mako It an anniversary of tho circuit, then thoy would havo tho amounts of tho wholo of tho tnonoy in connection with this church placed beforo them. In tho circuit thoy raised £180, aud in addition to that £130 for tho homo and foreign missions, tlmt wu £G00 raised during tho 12 months, and that with tho reeoipt of £350. would bring tho total up to £060. Their scat roots alone camo to £122 16a. Od. and woro £150 to tho good oh compared with lust. . Tlio Rov. Geo. Horvey said ho wished to congratulate thorn, and was very pleased in deed to hear their position. Ho congratu lated Mr. Aland, tho Chuirinuu, in occupy ing such a pluco, and hoped ho would bo snared for many years Jo occupy u similar position. Ho alluded to tho number of mini ster present who represented Methodist, PrcsbyterianisU. and Coiigregationftlist. Jn speaking of hi own denomination ho tiymght tiicro wero a great numls-r of worshippers who know nothiugof their histories. Hfloh ouo of those denominations had » splendid witorv, end tujh of the ywpt9 - ehoiud ta thgwghty proud of it. Hotouohod on tho history of tho thrco, aod pointed out how John Wesloy hnd gono forth to proclaim tho glad tidlugs of salvation in tho British Islands. It was a noblo work, nobly commenced, and nobly continued und carrfod on. Tho thrco deno mination ho had meutioncd hnd splendid past, and amongst tho greatest name that stood in British history there worononogroator than John Wesloy, John Knox, and Oliver Cromwell. Ho spoke at some length on tho union of tho Presbyterian, Wcsloynu, and Cotigregutinunl bodies, and hoped it would soon como about. Tho rov. gentleman oon- oludcd by hoping thoy would huvo tho blosstog of God upou thorn in tho ycur which thoy hnd now commenced. Tlio Rov. J. Crookstnn confinod hi re mark to tlio young men of tho ohuroli, aud took hi point from tin artiolo ho read pub lished in tho Cosmopolitan, aud written by 3(r. E. W. Booh. In tlmt illuminated nrtialo thoy hud tho piotures of littlo lamb repre senting young men running away from tho Nhopliord, nud littlo fish kocphig away from tho baited hooks. Thou it told thorn how tho minister angled for tho young mon. ' IIo saw no objeolion for their angling foryoung'men, so long ns they know tho way to angto for thom. Thoy ahould preoolito 'them tho truo teachings of Jesus Christ, i Young tucn uttcuding church fanned associations, aud !a grout Iniliionco for their owu- good sprang up among, tliom thut assisted tho minister, materially iii hi work, whllo it was soriou to know that there , woro so many of their young 'mou who luid not connected themselves with any particular church, Now tlmt.wu a Morions .thing thnt faced tliom ns minister of this- town, He believed tlio minister on tho' platform, were vory much Imhued.witii tho belief that a grout deal moro could bo dono among their young mou than was done, and lto appealed to tho yuung men to baud thomsclvo togothor, to work to- . gothor for tlio spiritual woUboing of thoso young mon wlium thoy kiiow needed friends, tor tho -young mon know tlio young men bettor tlmu tho miui-tcr know tliom ; know more about their inner life, thoir temptation, and thoir difiioultic. therefore thoyhoiild holp tho mluistor, and bo tho mean of up lifting their companions. Ho eongrntulutcd tliom on tho success of thoir mooting, and on tlioir sound fiuanoiul position. Ho wished thorn nil success, ovory spiritual sucopsh, mid hopod there would bo a big outpouring of tho Itoty Ghost in power upon his Wesloyuti friend. 'I'lio Itev," W. Joffric wild it was a pleasing .feature to iiotioo that, although thoy had Hpout £30 In improvements, thoy hud £160 to tlio good a compared with last year. With referouco to tho unnivorsary it wa a huccckh. Last your the Sunday wn wot and tlio colleotion Hinall, this your the collection wa in ndvuuco. Ho thought thoy. would roaliso with tho anniversary about£50, aud that, with iho prococda of tho'saloi of work thoy inionded holding would, ho hoped, roduoo tho monoj' thoy wore paying interest upon to £800. IIo hoped next your that their anniversary would bo of a wider Hphcro, aud complimented all on tlio good work accomplished during tho mist vnnr. utttl with OmiI'm hlnMMiiiu1 Im wniibl givo tliom hi hearty e'o-operution to mako uoxt ycur otjiinlly u successful. Ho thought tlmy should all work for thoir ohurch, a pluco that carried so many happy rccollootlpn. Ho remuinberedthoohiiruli he first worshipped In as a boy. Ha went to soo It just Ixifaro ho loft tho old country. No ploo liud buoIi tnoinorios for him as that old square dhapul, and it called bnck to him tho momorlcs of his childhood. Ho pointed out how numbers .weut from ono church to another, but con tended thoy should not do so without soiuo wi«o reason, Ho behoved in all pooplo loving .their pluco of worship. Ho liud a prldofor ,tho pliiao lio worshipped in, und lio oxneoted .all others to havo tlio samo. IIo iiUuucil to tho grand feeling of unity tiiut was caused by snob a gathorlug hh tho prasout, to havo otiior donoinhmtiouH with theiu at thairunnl- versnry, and alt listening to tho ablo ad dress oagivon by tho miiiist or present. ' Ho apologised for tho abseneo of tho RovSiJ. Glovorand A. H. Slokoo, and coueludod by moving a voto of tluinks to the Olinirainti, to. ife. ilarrott and hi choir.- Mr. Jarrott, lio painted out, had done good work in eolleoting Hitch a substantial um iu soat rout, also tbauk to tho Indie who hud assited In propiiriug tlio tubloA - for, their toa-mootlng, ntul to Mr. Fulethorpo for prepariug tbo dceoratioii. ; Tho vote of thnnk was onrriod by. nuolnmn- tiou. Tho oholr, during tho ovoning, sang " And tlio glory of tlio Lord," " All wo liko Mieop'iravd goiio distmy'," " Lift up ydiir' head," and "Hallelujah churn Each item wu highly annreoiutod by thoso present, tho ablo, way in whioh.thovworo rendered re- llcutcd -great urcdlt ou tno hiHtruutor, 3Ir. Jnrrott. > ' Tlio procoodlugs eloflcd wlth prayer. 