HIllpBiSl iiiteii AjBopd jt>RT iisM jU Splendid Display of Gallantry and Science. - (Froin the London Ii.V, Gazette.) .(Continued.) " By the articles It was fixed that tbe fleld of battle should be riot lasB than 60 miles from Liverpool, for neither party wished to have the unpleasant company of the Liverpudlian roughp — especially tuat poiqnouB. tupg, , yuu Hard-ups," who made themseiy e% \treniely objectionable at every fight Ihat bad been brought off wilMu yasy raitge of the Mersey seaport. A gp.od many Manchester sportsmen. sweet ujion Mtdono, and Billy Jordan bad been specially retained to second him. So when Keeney, of, rather, Mr.' Craig for lilm, won tbe toss for choice of place, he obliged his pails at "Cot tonopolis by choosing Woodbead, in Derbyshire as the scene of action. Both' men left their training qnartefs pn the Monday afternoon, and took the train to -Manchester, MuIduo, with Ills trainer, putting up At Toung Moli- nenx's, the St Paul's Tavern, Turner- street, whilst . Davis and his trainer mmta Tflflr liouso tihelr llcad- quarters. Early on the Tuesday morn ing uie lads and their friends met at Jajck M'Graih's for. tbe important pro cess of £oing to scale. Back man was well within the limit, so there was no ; fear on that score. "Thank God it Wasn't You, Billy," said Bob Hesketh to Jordan, for the latter hero, as our readers are pro bably aware, generally contrived to be a few pouuds over weight on tie very ; day of battle, end was consequently compelled to pay forfeit Soon after wards the Fancy, to the number of 200 or 300, were aboard the train which left Manchester at a quarter to 10, and steaming away for Woodbead. It was an October morning, something like the most of those with which we have been favored this month— wet and windy. But the voyagers were in good spirits, and confidently hoped that tbe weather would dear before they reached the trystinp-place. Their hopes, however, were not destined to be realised, for when they arrived at Glossop tbe rain was descending in torrents, and the four miles' drive to Woodbead was os uncomfortable as it well could be. Jemmy Massey was in charge of the ring arrangements, and at 12 o'clock had tbe ropes and slakes pitched upon a love! piece of turf about a mile from Woodbead. MnJone was the first to put in an appearance, accompanied by his seconds, Billy Jordan and Hugbie M'Stmvick— a gentleman who has fre quently figured in our " Memoirs" of late. All three of them Sported the Green and White Fogle, which Iv coney had chosen as bis colors, and Mr. Craig, who was very much in evidence at the ring side, also wore a huge scarf of that color, the while lie backed his mau lustily .at 5 and 0 to 4. These wore the current odds, for it was generally thought that Davis pep pery temper was against him, and that he would certainly play into the Irish man's hands by his extreme irrita bility. Presently Tommy came upon the scene, attended by his esquires, Harris Birchall (Joe'e younger brother) and Jack Teers. The time-honored blue bird's-eye was the flag under which the Welshman had elected to fight, and he seemed to bare disposed of a fair number of his colors, to judge from the way In which they figured on i the breasts aud round the necks of his partisans. But though Tommy had no u«.a wi " u|/j»ui IA.-1 fj. bUCitr \> «J£> uiue betting, Mr. Hesketb alone having the courage of his opinions, nnd backing his man freely for h big stake. Jwt as the men were stripped, and the referee, Mr. .Taints Matthews, of Glossop, sum moned ihein from their corners, the rain came down in a pitiless storm, and the wind blew great guns. It is impossible to conceive of more miser able and comfortless surroundings to a day's sport However, regardless of the cruel elements, the men stepped up to the scratch briskly, and faced one another and tlu> driving scud with com mendable courage. Neither man was in what you would call the pink of condition. There was room for improvement in this respect in both of them, but they were fairly fit and well, aud looked a couple of tough, hardy lads from whom some good sport might be expected. Each was about the same height, fift 5In., and there wasn't a pound difference in weight between them. Tommy looked the stronger and more muscular; but Malone had the more symmetrical and compactly knit frame. Despite the drenching downpour, Both Were as Lively as Kittens, and lippan sparrina round ono another " like clockwork," to use Mr. Alfred "aj-.v va|mt-sbi>i> ihinibt', loiiijijy feinted with the loft, but so far from gaining unytliluir by his motion he lost, for Keeney countered promptly with a chopping blow 011 the side of the head, closed quickly, gave Davis the crook, and brought him down prettily. Tre mendous cheering from Sfalone's pais, nnd Mr. Craig yelled out, " I'll lay G to 4 ou Keeney." at the top of his voice. Tommy enmc tip looking a bit serious, whilst Malone was grinning likit a Cheshire eat. and evidently thought ho had a soft thing on. But he was quickly undeceived on this point, for when he let fly with his left, he was beautifully countered on llie nose. Then the exchanges fletr fast as a weaver's shuttle— the blood came simultaneously from Tommy's nose and Kroner's mouth, and it was Impos sible to tell which of tliom showed the tell-tale ruby first Rach side claimed II, lint tlie referee decided that It was a draw. Davis, however, had dis tinctly Iho best of the hitting, aud when he forced his foe to go down nt the ropes, the air rang with shouts of " Bravo. Tommy 1" Ko vigorously had each peppered (he other ia fD'fc previous round that the sponge was In great requisition In both corneis. for the mugs of both had been lihfwnllv nMTitr orlmcou -a,,. , wash and a rub soon cleansed their faces of gore, and up tkev came and were at it again like terriers the moment they reached 'the scratch. There was some clever dodging and feinting, and then cut and come again, crashing counters ou both sides, til! they drew close, when the fibbing wr.s fast, and furious. Agalu Tommy took the lead, and Malone found it expe dient to get down learll.v ib order to avoid farther punishment. Belting now went to evens, for the flcrv. Welsh man was keeping his temper f.ir better tiinn even his friends expected, aud as long as he could keep cool he was all right: lie was clearly the quicker and heavier hitter of the two. Keency's Irish blood was boiling toj avenge tbe blows lie had received, and though he laughed merrily. It required no very close sorntlny to discover that he was not so steady as his opponent At St they went at once, and at last, after nuich good stopping and clever feinting, Keeney landed a hot 'un on tlie side of the hcail. but be Instan taneously bad a receipt In full In tlie shape of A Smashing Blow on the Mazzard which sent. Ids month awry, whilst Dnvls. taking advantage of the momen tary discomfiture (of his antagonist closed, and threw film heavily. Ixnid shouts of " Ho flloiifc. my Toeim- : (lay's your own. jV'here are the odds now?' \ Dan had palpably la'lken (lip measure of his man, and held flilui safe. But Keeney, finding that fae got all the .worst of It at out-fighting, rushed in 1 IJtoe llIM : to ineaeure bis length on the damp nnfi sodden green- award. First knock-down for' Davis and then G to 4 was Uow lald— a com plete reversal of the odds. The seventh round was the best in the fight Both came hp smiling ; tb© rain and the sponge between them had wiped away the traces of blood from their faces, but there were bruises still left which showed how hard they had been hammering one another. Keener jvns the first to open the battle with 1 slashing left-hander, which Tommy neatly stopped, then stepped back, and as Keeney returned to the charge let him have one, two, left and right real stingers picer the eyps, which sent ihem bo(h ,into mourning. But tlie daunt- less littlf Irishman was not to he de- nited ; he stuck, to his man like a leech fought his way in, and some fierce in fighting followed, in the course of which The Blood was Drawn kreeiv from the noses of both. It was a grand bit of milling, bqt Tommy lasted th© longest, 'and brave little Keeney was at length heavily thrown. Prom that moment Davis took tlie lead and kept it But Malone, though nis cnances or winning grew more hopeless .every round, fought on with undiminished courage, and took his punishment like a hero. Rverv triclc and dodge that his own ingenuity and <nat of his experienced seconds could suggest; the gallant Irishman tried in the hm» of pulling the fight out of the fire. But it was all in vain. Tommv never lost his temper. No chaff no Insults, could ruffle his serenity' he fought with a coolness and steadiness which amazed those who knew him brat The way he knocked Malone when he got a chance was a caution io see. Long before tbe end of tbe fight poor Keeney's features were hit out of shape, and his own mother would not have recognised htm. But tlie gameness with which Malone stuck io his work was beyond all praise. Bo hit away like steam as long as his strength lasted, but somehow his blows seemed to have little effeet npnn Tommy's cast-iron nut, whilst every blow of tbe Welshman's told with stinging severity. So the battle went on— Hopelessly One-sided, Indeed, but not without interest, owing to th» splendid way in which Malone ever and anon pulled himself together, and fought an exciting rally. In the kith round, after two hours and forty ttlinilfoR lint) plqncAil Trtmmw food hold of his man and crosp-luit- toeked him cleverly. The fall shook Keeney nil to pieces, and bis backer, Sir. Craig, seeing that tbe brave fel!o?v had done all' that lie possibly could do. came forward and ordered Eillr Jordan to take bim out of the rins. si> Tommy Davis was proclaimed :& Trinuer of one of tlie framest fights that bad been witnessed for some iinm in tbe North of England. Before ihe winner left the area he walked up io his beaten Jfoe aud shook him cordially by the baud, and Keeney, mauled and . disfigured though he was. contrived to conjure up the ghost of a smile .os lie said. " Tommy, bhoy. ye've beaten me this time, but we'll have another fling yet." And "another flfng" they did have in tbe following year. Thousands of people lined thebanl: of the river Thames between Patury and Hammersmith on the lSlh March, when Wallace Ross essayed the task of walking on tbe river between the bridges, for a wager of £10. Boss was bound to traverse tbe distance within an hour, tie started at balf-past five, and reached Hammersmith at twenty-fire minutes jigfifc sir, so that be won by fire minutes. Fbom Johannesburg comes the news that lleffcroan, the New Ze»U&dr;# wht> lately defeated Lachie Thompson, wpj matched to meet the Natal champion, Kelly, on tbe 30th ult. Jaek Baroett, who was in charge of Ifcffernan, ban. in a letter to the T./hanneshurg Standard and Diggers' News, Jaid elbira to not only having acquired fame e a trainer in Australia, but also as a fighter. In reply to this Owen Sullivan took np the cudgels, and stated iu a letter to the same paper that he had sever heard of Jack Barnett's name in the ring, hut that he wduld be glad to give him a chance of proving his prowess by meet ing him under any conditions lie might choose. 