£t.AGKHW ? ? HCDIBBIS. 'Ai&BlOJititaoonsiwe; being instructed F%fifi^|WP°»%^' if10?8 5nd Jbombwaujf wraaes. Evidently fooodlo aom intends to die hard. T«Ejate-JhineBe General, Tsao, who fought bo, stoutly at Ping Tang, was a JHoslein and his ao-religigntsts are sup posed, 4*- be planning to revenge hw ; Ocean liners may yet be equipped (with carrier pigeons. In case ol emer gency they would be eepeoially valuable. Pigeons have records brfOO to 1000 miles Colorado^ (U.S.A.) (Legislature is the first to -contain women- representatives. When equal suffrage became an estob liBed fact, the Republican party took ad vantage of the popular social fad and ran three wwnen candidates successfully. The ladies are all married sand are very confident of making their mark. Tab Bimetailio League is to toorewe its HbrorogaHon fund to tlOOj&OO.; The fund has already coached J36O,0O0, which includes jsererai subscriptions of ,£2000 eaohi The' latter tact should {trove to tibe reform party that a.' big deal 'is expected to be made when bimetallism is won. , Chibf Justice Dablbt, acting Gover nor of New South Wales, is drawing a salary of £800 a week from his bleeding country. Patriotism ! Tat new Governor of New South Wales will probably have to try and make both ends meet on £6000 a year, as the Assembly has cut his wage down to that figure. The Government is go ing to try and get the establishment allowances pawed, making the position worth £7000, as pgamst £9000 pre ?vieurir. How we 'talk. They cooly alleged at a freezing meeting last week that we ex ported mote stock than we imported and got better pnoes than any other places or than we conld at home. Other places alRO get a better price in Tas mania for their beef and mutton than they do »t home and that is why they send it here. Butter and fruit, also oablm'cs. That is how each place makes it p iy. Why not get back .to the ol* syateiunf barter? Politicians of the advanced Dobson ian order tell us that it is preferable to cheapen living, end draw down wagee. So it is from their point of view. Be cause if a man gets no wages, he cannot spend any, and as he does the same amount of work, there must be a surplus of produce toft to be exported at high prices. These high prices cannot go to the wageless man, but must find their way by an easy gradient feto the hands of those who would hold the rule over them. ,. 'London aghast,' and 'Pans pern fled ' is the latest prank played by the cable liar on the colon's! press. What hat paralised London is an extca ehip ment of rabbits fxom Australia, and what has turned the gay French capital into atone ib the little caper played by that exponent of (esthetic culture, Mr. Oscar Wilde. It has come to the turn of an Australian rabbit to stagger to the wayside village of London, and the new tssthetioism of Wilde to transform Paris into a atone quarry. Awat down at Scottsdale, a little way side village famous (or scandal, snakes, and Sabbath breakers, there is a Wes leyan Church, and at that church there is an organ, and just now there is a devil of a row who is to boss 'the ooi o1 whistle*.' In this old fashioned town there is the usual full complement *f 'young people who are closely identified with some musical instrument, and of course there is the usual discord. It has got to such % pitch that it has been de cided to fight for the position of city organist and a grand slogging match has now been arranged. The man who blowB the cornet is to be judge, and the yonng 'un who asaaulte the fiddle is to be referee. Alt, classes of labor should keep clear of the West Coaat, esjMscudly at the present time with a strike in view. As it is the place is over-stocked with men. Those little apples, which were sub jected to discussion in the columns of the Clippbb o£ lust issui, have been argued out in the ranks of the Council of Agricul ture. The would-be gender of them has been called upon to etcetera. Now, what does tbat mesa 7 Does it mean that the gentleman who owned or leased the orchard where those apples came from can slip in Another shipment next season, or does it mean that there is nothing in it, and the fittest which survive will be tho6e who can do just as they please in the dim future 7 advance, Tasmanian apples! AWAY from Uxbrtdge a deputation in troduced by Mr. Geo. Le&tham;, M.H.A tor New Norfolk, awaited Mr. Pillinger's. pleasure concerning the extension o Booth's road. They wanted £100, and they got it. Now that century would not go very far to put into repair that bit of roadway, only it is said that they are go ing to eke out the biggest part ot it, it not all of it, in hard work. Which is just ex actly how it should be, and if it was more so we would all be better. It might have been a ghost; yet it might have been taken for a burglar, or even a sneak-thief, as it emerged from the shadows of the Exhibition building one moonlight night last week wrapped up in an overcoat just showing the visage of an eld men peering above the collar. A cabby who was standing by waiting fur a fare skilfully got into its wake and had the gratification of seeing a plant made, which being « Vottle of whisky of the popular D.C.L. brand he annexed as soon as possi ble. Hardly liad lie done so when a woman nppeared on the scene and started an earnest search, which had no chance of re ward. Cabby eventually courteously stepped forward with the query : Had she lost nnythiug 1 and informed her that he eaw a rather elderly man take away a bottle from the place where she was searching. Slic never thanked him, but Silently vauifihtid into the shimmering of pile Cynthia. It is elsewhere notified &|2^e~piftaseTi at (ho Hobart Gymnasium will faeet each Tuesday and Thursday evening, .fllher. arrangements are also given. TW '? 1 ?** Railway arrangements f or-^e week ? are notified in another column.' r&.j. I ? TfiB Njibeena goes to PiptRM IKvb*, to-morrow afternoon along tta£%1ce,;$ool, calm shore where there is so much'tolook at. .., ?' . . / ~ /'t 4 -'i i Boa» Trustees, attontionJ T»4%est Tamar Boad Trust have just be£i«»ked to donate 425 to a man witty wtte^rood old name of Smith, for permanefitlnjury received whilst trying to negotiate a load of metal whioh had been shot in the mid dle of the road. ItisaBtonishittgthein genuity with which some contractor* lay a trap for the unwary traveller ,3?y *U« ributiog metal and mullock in heaps in the centre of the thoroughfare, but it is not a remunerative pastime. ? *--.- Zeehan is ehort of iT's.1', Eccently there has been quite a famine, owing to several of the honorary beaks being mixed up in, the cases. Thus litigants are put off from -)ny to day and lawyers' fees are put on. The CuprEB could suggest a few names to the Government. - . The musical soiree and ball for , the luads of ' 7'he Home of Social HcJp,' 'iWli take place on May 1st in the Temperance Hall. The programme will include Borne very popular items, which will soon be made public. This deserving object is to be under the patronage of the Mayor and Aldermen of the city. The Eiv. A. Turu bull, the organiser and director of the home, is now arranging to open it as ispeedily as possible, and is living on the. premises in order to superintend the erection of the dormitory, which will be large enough to give refngc to a fair num ber during the winter months, Thb second subscription concert of the Orpheus Ciab tor the season ' 1891-5 wjJl take place on Monday evening at the Town Hall. The winter time table of the Hobart trams is given in our advt. columns. Australia pays Great Britain in the way of interest on borrowed money no less than £50,000 a day. 