MINING NEWS. CENTRAL G.M. COMPANY. RESULT OF CRUSHING. The , following is the result of the last crashing at the above .company's mine: Crashed 350 tona atone, yielding 303 023. gold. COOLGARDIE NEWS. MR. MORAN AT HANNAN'S. A WANT OF CONFIDENCE VOTE PASSED. TELEGRAPHIC DELAYS. APPLICATIONS FOR EXEMPTION. [BY TELEGRAPH.] (FROMIOUB CORRESPONDENT.) COOLGARDIE, January 20. Mr. Moran addressed an impromptu meet- ing in the street at Hannan's on Thursday. He explained his position regarding the Miaistry. He stated that he bad always preserved his position aa an independent member, bat he had voted with the Ministry when it was in the interests of the goldfields for him to do BO. At the conclusion of the meeting Mr. Parsons moved, and Mr. Good- rich seconded, that Mr. Moran did n=t possess the confidence of his constituents. The reao- . lution was carried. Mr. Moran will address the electors again on Wednesday next. Messrs. Burns, Philp, and Co., a well known Queensland firm, bave decided t? extend their business to Esperance Bay. Much dissatisfaction continues to prevail with regard to the management of the tele- graph. Not only have business people bean greatly inconvenienced, but nearly every man in Coolgardie ia so greatly exasperated with the delays that he thinks twice before sending telegrams, prefering doing business by letter than risking the annoyance and delay in connection with the wires. It is the opinion of everyone that a duplicate wire is absolutely necessary. It is expected that- the Wbi*e Feather line will open on Tuesday. This will greatly add to the conge ;tion of the Coolgardie and Perth line. One can only hope tbafc Mr. Wittenoom's attention has 'teen drawn ti the deplorable state of the service, and that something will be done. The period of exemption exprès to-morrow. Numerous applications for further exemp- tion have been lodged at the Warden's office, but it is very improbable that any will be allowed. A COOLGARDIE EXPERIENCE. AN EXTRAORDINARY STORY. A writer in the Adelaide Standard gives the following Coolgardie extraordinary ex- perience :— " As I have often told you, the Western Australian nigger is no beauty, neither is he of much use, but he has one redeeming feature, he can find water in places that no white man would ever dream of searching for it ; but the fellows who hang around camps are not of much real service. The wild tribe in the back country are the useful animals, but it is no easy matter to get one of those savages to point out a 'soak' to a white fellow. They will take all the damper, tobacco, and tinned camel you care to give them, or that they can steal, and they will readily promise to find ' plenty gabbing.' Aa you know ' gabbing ' means water in their liquid language, which is about as sweet to listen to as their faces are to look upon. But after fooling you round the bush, until they know by the gleam in your eye that you won't stand them any longer, they suddenly disappear in the bush, and it is not a healthy sort of amusement hunting for them when they once get a good start in that forest. The prospectors out back give them a day or two to find water ; if they do not find it then they tie the nigger to a tree and keep him there until he is dry as the inside of an oyster shell Then they let him go and follow him.. As a rule the coon makes a straight dive for the nearest water. They say that the men of their tribe will kill any savage who gives up the secret of these precious water holes. "Away beyond Idgery a couple of pros- pectors—one of whom is a well-known Adelaide boy—got clean out of water, and they feared that they had looked their last on the City of Churches, for they were too far out to hope to get back to any civilised camp before death would put in his claim. "As they lay dreaming at the flush of dawn a footfall soft as the caress of a snowflake on a seam of soot, broke the death-like stillness, a twig broke, and then a sable warrior and his gin glided into the white man's camp, and silently as ghosts began to loot it. Had the whites been sleeping tbey would never have heard the stealthy marauders. The diggers lay still and waited for a chance to spring. The chance came, and the Adelaide man wound his arms around the skinny legs of the warrior. The gin got away and the ' buck' kicked and bit and fought, and got half strangled for his pains. " Then he was fed on dry damper and salt fish, and tied to a tree until morning. At daylight he got another ample feed-salt bacon this time—and was asked how far it was from the nearest water-hole. He could talk a mixture of English and nigger dialect, and this is what he said :-' Gindah get up, white fellow walka walka walka, gindah tumble down, white fellow sit down, sleep, make 'm plenty plour ; gindah get up, white pelow walka-walka-walka, gindah tumble down, white pellow sit down, sleep, make 'm plenty plour ; gindah get up, white pellow walka walka-walka, gindah tumble down, white pellow get gabbing.' This being inter- preted meant that the nearest water was three days travel from that spot. The whites would have to be on the move from sunrise to sunset. Gindah means the sun ; when gindah tumbles down it is sundown ; white fellow sit down means camp for night. "The witnesses did not believe that tale, and they gave the darkie to understand unmis- takably that they doubted his veracity, but he refused to budge an inch, and they soon saw that he had realised that they were far more in need of water than he was, and he made up his mind to sit the show out. "At midday they shifted him from the shade of the tree-and turned bis face towards the sun and left him to think things over, bound hand and foot to quicken his mental faculties. At sunrise next morning he was an obstinate as formerly, and they were half crazy from thirst, but they dimly understood his little game. His gin had gone off for help to her tube, and trouble was looming up for them. " Then they opened his mouth and stuffed it half-fall of salt, and propped his teeth apart with a stick. He stood that for three mortal hours in the sun whilst they stood revolvers in hand, waiting in the shade watching for the tribe. At last the nigger came to the conclusion, that he had better give in or be pickled, and be murmured huskily through his baked lips, ' Me find 'm gabby.' Then they tied his hands behind his back, hobbled him with a rope so that he could walk but not run, covered bim with their revolvers, and invited him to proceed ; and he did, and at sundown they were quenching their thirst at a good soak, and the black drank like a camel after thirty days' abstinence." COLLIE COAL BORE. REPORT OF THE GOVERNMENT GEOLOGIST. The Government Geologist, Mr. Harry B. Woodward, aubmitted to the Premier the following report, .dated January 17, on the coal boring operat;ons at Collie : I have the hononr to report that nearly two-thirda of the 1,800 feet boring contract at the Collie coalfield are completed. My idea was to test a large area of the field so aa to be able to estimate the quantity aud quality of the coal, and prove conclusively that a good workable coalfield existed. To thia end I started No. 1 bore about two and a half miles E.S.E. of Mr. Pendleton's No. l8 bore, or about five miles E.S.E. of the mine. In fixing this site I had to take tbe question of water into consideration, which, aa I waa afraid at the time, lad me to locate it a little too far to the northward. Thus we on y struck the lower coal series, missing the larga seams. But although uuimtruotive to tue general public thia bore is of great service to me, aa by comparison with thoae previously and subsequently sunk, I am in a position to very approximately fix the northern limit; to the large seams, which in all probability outcrop a short dia tance to the southward of this bore. No. 2 bore is being put down on the south branch ef tke Collie River at a poiut »boat two and a half mileB south of the mine. This bore is now down over 600ft., and two work- able seams of coal have bean pa*sed through, one being 2ft. 7in. and the other 8ft. 3in. To judge from the core raised the fcrmat'on appears hera to be lying almost iii a horizontal position, the large seam being probably the same one that is now being worked at the mine, which is dipping in this direction. Should this prove to ba the cas?, this borj has proved a great ex ent of workable coal. Toe next bo.-e I proposa to put down two and a half to three miles further up the Eoath blanch, and should this seam be again en- countered there wo shall know that we have a seam varying from 16fo. to 8ft. iu thickness extending over an area, of 14 square miles, which calculated at an average of 8ft. would yield about 90 millions tons of coal. The assays attashed show a slight improve- ment on the samples taken from the outcrop, as was to be expected ; the 2ft. 7in. seam being quite free from sulphur is a great point iu its favour. No. 2 bore is baing continued to a depth of 1,000ft, and I still have hopes of eocountering other seams. I a-n perfectly satisfied with tbe resnltB attained so far, and t¡u->t in two months' time to have tested this pieca to yc/ur entire sathfact'oi. The following report by the Government Aasayer, Mr. B*rnard H. Wooiward, is alluded to in the Government Geologist's report:-I have cartfully assayad the t#o samples of coal from the Collie, received 10/12/94, and obtained the resn't-ä given under : Dspth, 60ft. lOin. 133ft. lOin. Seam, 2fo. 7in. 8ft. 3in. ("Water ... 1100 11*27 (.Gase3, &c.; ... 33 93 32*76 ("Fixed carbon 52*83 53 51 (Ash* ... 219 2-46 100-00 eAsh very red in both. Coko in powder. A non.caking coal. Calorific valao 7'26, G*93. 