A EBOK£N LIFE. And wept like *hildhoodthcn. Talk not of grief till thou hast seen , Tha. tears of bearded men.-— Hemaks. It was a hard task for Lord Allardyoe to' ! tell all this to his brother-in-law: harder still , for the deceived husband to hear it. But it, was best. There could be no more conceal ment now of anything connected with Dol ' ores. If she was in any danger she must be, _ saved, and it could only be ' done by ; coming to a full understanding of her posi I: tion. ' Of coarse Hastings believed her to be . dead when he proposed to marry Miss Judd,' I the captain eft id. ' He could never have j contemplated such a fraud -as that if he did j not.' ?' . ' ) ' I am sure he did,' was the reply ; and Lotd Allardyce fully believed what he w&f; \ saying ; he did not quite know, to what ( straiU his friend was reduced, nor to what : length he was prepared to go to retrieve his' ' position. ' Of course he thought she was j dead,' he said. ' He never would tell me what he had learned about her. But he dtf- - liberately left her, I know th&t.; It must ; have been something very bad, for, with all his faults, he was not the man to be cruel to a woman he begged me not to ask, him, and I thought that I should learn in me.' ' I have been cozened,' he eaid,^ ' that is ;all — made a fool of. Drop the subject, ihy jboy. It makes me sick to think of it.' ' Whatever it was, it had to do with the ' man Breguet and the mother. . I never heard j anything more about it ; and then the smash came — the interrupted wedding, and p^oor ' Beauty's' flight. I would have given halt my fortune to have stopped that if I I could.' ' Everybody knows that, Allardyce,' said Paul ChaUis. ' It was no fault of yours. It was a pieee of private spite against Lord Templestowe thst brought that about ; poor ; Hastings paid for it with his life.' I ' Yes, be is dead and out tit the way, and i you are suffering for his misdeeds. If he had never crossed her path, you might never have met her either. Can yon get leave and get her away somewhere ? It would be better.' ' Wherever I go the taint would cling to me. No place in the world can wipe it out.' ' I know. But it is not that. She is in danger here. The man Breguet has turned up again.' ? ' And what is he to her ?** 'Ah, that is the question! I do not know. But he accuses her and her mother for havinz got him out of the way for par poses of thieir own. He declares they put him into a lunatic asylum, after having -tried to njuruer him. The charge is so serious a one that they are using every effort to find Mademoiselle Fay. They have discovered that she did not die as was reported, and they have traced, her to Eng land ; up to the time of her mother's death they have tracked her ; rinet then she has disappeared. It is for you to thinlr now what is to be done.' ' What can I do ?' ' You must think. It Will never do fair your wife to be tried for conspiracy and at tempted murder. That's the charge, I believe You must get her away.' Paul Challis bowed his head upon his hands, .and wept as only a broken man can weep over his tarnished name and ruined honour. His was no melting mood in a general way ; tears had rarely come to his eyes in the whole course of his life, but life seemed to be worthless now, andhe wept like a very girl. ? Lord Allardyce put his hand on his shoulder with a toneh that was almost a caress.. '?'? J ' Don't do that, for heaven's sake,' he said. ' That never helped man, woman, or child out of a scrape yet. I fancy the question was put to me as a warn ing.' ' A warning1.' ' Yes. I thought from Monsieur Eromeski's manner that he knew where the person he wanted was to be found, sad that he meant bis questioning to be taken as a bint ; such things are done sometimes, you know, when the happiness and credit of many .families are involved . The police ~ n have no possible interest in Breguet, bat they are bound to do his bidding in the matter.' ' And you think if I attempt to take her— my wife— away, they will not inter fere ?' ' I don't believe they wflL X am sure I am right in my conjecture about it.' ' I will do it this very nighi— fte eoldneL will give me leave — if the will go.' ' I don't think there wu! be much doubt of that. I fancy the mention of £reguet% name will be sufficient. Try and make her tell yon alL ChaUis. Yon will know better how to proceed if she makes a clean breast of it.' Captain Challi* thought there was little ehanoe of that when he thought of the sullen defiant mood Dolores had shown before he left her, bat whether she would speak' or not, he could at least place her in safety fiome wh^r^. ?' Ssnd for me if I can be of any use to you,' Lord Allardyce said, as they parted at the barrack gate. ' Anything I .can do, I will.' ' I am sure of that The best service you can render me ia to b* afloat on the sub-, ject. No one can help me.' ' You may rely upon me. I shall hope to hear-that you are safe off to-morrow ' They clasped hands and parted. The young peer to return to his wife and mother-in-law, who had a thousand quest ions to ask about what had kept him eo long, and the captain to cross the barrack square, and knock at the door of tie colonel's quartere to prefer his request for leave. He was welcome there with pleasure: As a guest they had not seen mochof him late ly, the ladie* declaring they, had «cawely seen him st &U; since his .marriage. They asked after his wife, but he was top distrait to give a coherent answer, and they left him to the colonel, saying among themselves that they were sure something most be very wrong at home to make . the usually staid and precise Captain ChaUis 'behave so oddly. ' That wife of his isdrivmghim to drink, that's my belief,' the colonel's lady said. I never saw a man so altered in my life. I am sure he is not happy. 7 Happy ! The heartbroken man in her husband's study felt as though he should never know happiness again, andcouldhaid y find words to prefer his request for a brief leave of absence. 1 ** I must have it,' he said, when the colonel demurred. ' I will do anything to make up for it — another time; bat I most go now. To- night if possible.' ' You can go, of course. I hope there is nothing wroa^—no trouble to call you away,' the colonel said, kindly. '* You are not your self to-night.' 'No, I know I am not. It is trouble! It is on my wife's account I have to go. I am sorry I could not give you more notice, but I could not.' ' Mrs. Challis ia not ill, I trust F' ' No ; that is, she has to get away at once,' st&mmerd; the unhappy husband, I in Buoh a fashion that he seemed cer j tionly drunk in the eyes of his superior j officer. ' We leave to-night, I hope. I ; will make .up for this extra leave when '. come back.' I He spoke in an odd, mechanical fash ion, and his eyes tooted as though he i were for away in thought, and alto gether his manner was very queer. ' What's up, I wonder?' the ' colonel baid tQ himself, ae he shut tbe door after him. .' Has he quarrelled with that pretty woman ? She mould make him remember it if he had, I fancy She looks a Tartar.' He never found out. If Paul Challis and his wife had quarrelled nobody knew it but themselves ; and yet the news that came to the barracks concern ing them was th*t Mrs. Challis was miss ing ; missing as completely as though she had flown up to the skies, or sunk in to the earth — not a trace of her to be found. With a heavy and weary heart, her husband went home, free to take her away out of danger, yet doubtful how to broach the subject to her. He went up to Dolores's room, but all was dark. There was no light, and she bad not gone to bed, she was not in her boudoir either, nor anywhere about the house that he could bear or see, and, some what alarmed, he rang the bell. . ' ' Where is your mistress ?' he asked -of the servant who answered it. ' Out, sir,' was the reply. ' Out ?' ' Yes, sir.' ' Where ?' ' I don't know, sir.' ' When did she go ?' ' Not very long after you, sir.' ? The girl hesitated, as if there was something more she would like to say ; and her master saw it, and stopped her as she would have left the room. -«« You. know something more,' he said. ' What is it P' '? I don't know anything,' the girl said half frightened. 'It was onry what cook said.' ' And what did cook say, pray? Oat with it. I am not angry with yon, ?girl.' ' The girl was as frightened as though he were very angry indeed, and could hardly find her voice to tell him that cook had seen her mistress when shp wentout, and hftdremarkedhow'queer*- she looked. ' She said she thought missis was off head, sir,' she said, simply. ' Off her head ! What do you mean f' ' Not qnite right, sir, I think.' * And ?why ? What made cook make, so monstrous an assertion as that ?' 'It was something missis said, sir. I don't know what.' ' Send cook to me. If Bhe is gone to bed she must get up. I want to know where your mistress is gone. Of course she baa left ii message cr note for me, if yon only knew where.' ' Yes, sir. I daresay. Fil go and send cook.' '8he went Upstairs, heartily glad to get away, f ef bis manner frightened her, and roused up Vhe'sleepy cook, who had gone to bed, with the sews that she was togo down and tell master what she had 6aid to her about missis. ? ' Lor,' ain't she with him ?' she said, as she hnddled on her dress and smoothed her hair. 'What's gone wrong I wonder ?' ' I don't know; but yonVe got to be quick. He's-in an awful tatrrng' aboat sometiiing, I can tell you.' Cook's greeting from her master was of £he sternest, and she heartily wished herself back in bed when she saw his dark face. That Mary's a tattling fool,' she soliloquized, as she stood waiting for him to speak. ' Why couldn't she hold her tongue. Til give her a piece of my mind when I go upstairs.' Shehadnot agreatdealto tell, but it was certainly odd. Mrs. Challis had bees sitting in her own room wfrere her husband left her, when a note had been brought to the' house hj a boy for her. Mary did not happen to be dressed, and the cook being ready, she had taken it up j she was not quite sure whether there was any answer and she had wait ed to see. She felt quite alarmed at .the strange look that ca'ie into her mis tress*s face as she read it. ' ; 'Sis anything the matter, ma'am 7' she asked. - - ' Ho, nothing,' Dolores replied. ' Why do yen ask ?' ' You look as though you had seen something, ma'am,' the woman replied, her mistress looking' as though, she HW seen a ghost. * So I have,' she said, shortly. ^TJie ghost of my buried happiness^ — &e; spirit of my dead love.' ' Did she say nothing- else ?' her mister asked. ' Not » word, sir. She said there was no answer, and indeed the boy was gone but I did not know that' - -' Well, what next ?'???? ' There was nothing-more, sir. Missis went out after that' ' And left no message-?' '-'No, sir.' ' Nor any note ?.' *' Not with me, sir. I fancied she was going to yon. I said what should I say to you, and she said, ? Yonr master will understand where I am gone when it is neeesaaiy,' or something Hire that I did not quite catch what she said. It was none of my business, you know sir.' * ' No, of course not,' he replied^ utter- ly bewildered by this new mystery. What could Dolores mean by what she had said? She must have uttered the incomprehensible words solely to mislead the servants. He could only hope she had not rushed into the lion's month, and wait for the morningto take steps to find her. 