IN A FLORIDA "SINK." A TERRIBLE FALL INTO THE EARTH —A PONY LOST IN THE QUICK- SANDS. [By E. S. Traymore.] My parents moved from their old home in Ohio to the eastern part of Florida when was twelve years of age. The following year, on my thirteenth birthday, a little "cracker" pony named Bob was given me by my father for my own especial use. "To be yours, my son, "said my father, "just so long as you treat him kindly. If you neglect him or misuse him I shall take him from you. Now lead him to the barn and get him into good shape as quickly as possible. Poor fellow! He has had an extremely hard life among those cattlemen and I bought him to-day out of sheer pity." Many people would have thought Bob, for- lorn and unkempt as he then appeared, a rather difficult subject to get into good shape, but I saw great possibilities in him, and the tangle of sand-spurs, burr-grass, and pine- pitoh ooze with which his mane and tail were decorated did not dishearten me. Although he did not prove to be as intelli- gent as I had hoped, he was so gentle and comical in his slow matter-of-fact way, and he grew to be so pretty, as his bright, clear-bay coat shone under the daily currying, that I soon loved him as the apple of my eye. Bob and I became inseparable, literally by day and by night, for many and many a hard weary tramp did we have away off in the dark pine woods long after sundown searching this way and that after our little bunch of cattle, which would persist in joining other bands and wandering miles away. Bob was always obedient except in one way— Sober as he seemed he dearly loved a frolic, and if he could contrive to slip the halter or bridle from his head off he would go, leading me a pretty chase for hours. Many a time after a long afternoon's work hoeing in a neighboring orange grove have I walked home with Bob leading the way just so far ahead that I could catch nothing but his heels— which I knew better than to touch—I carrying the bridle, while Bob gaily brought the saddle upon his back. Father used to laugh heartily when he saw us thus coming along home together and declare that Bob believed in a division of labor. "You carry the bridle and he will carry the saddle," he would say. "No, no, boy! Don't beat him for that trick! It would do no good and would end in making him afraid of you. Be patient. Tie your line tighter next time and it won't happen very often any way. Bob's a clever little fellow and he loves his joke; that's all." "So Bob and I were the best of friends till my fifteenth year, when my father decided to abandon the little clearing he had made and accept the situation of manager on a large tobacco plantation in West Florida. Our journey overland was made in a waggon very similar to a "prairie-schooner," which was drawn by two stout mules, while Bob and I followed in the rear. On the way we shot wild turkeys, rabbits, and occasional deer; partridges and quail were as plentiful as are the sparrows in Boston Common. We travelled slowly and greatly enjoyed our free out-of-door life. The load was light, for the only occupants of our waggon were my father and mother and baby sister, and we carried but a small stock of household goods. After three weeks of this pleasant journey- ing we were near our destination. Already the sandy soil had changed to limestone ridges in many places, and travelling was much easier, for the trails were firmer and better defined. One beautiful morning I was riding slowly, along beside the waggon, when, chancing to glance down a grass-grown path that led into the forest, I spied a large wild turkey far away. "Let me have a shot, father!" I exclaimed. "Don't wait, please. Drive on and I'll soon overtake you." This had been my custom all along; so with only the much-needed warning to look out for "sinks"—for we were now in the region where these strange cavities in the earth were found in all directions—they drove on and I turned Bob carefully into the woods, pursuing the handsome, shy bird that still stood motionless. Then the turkey caught sight of me and flew farther back into the depths of the forest. Incautiously I followed, forgetting my father's warning. After some time,.the length of which was not noted by me in my great eagerness for my prize, I succeeded in getting within easy shooting range. To my chagrin I missed the bird, which dis- appeared before I could reload my rifle; in a thick scrub, into which.I dared not venture. Wildcats and bears not infrequently hide in the dark clumps of saw palmetto. I then turned Bob, meaning to get back to the main trail; but to my dismay I could not tell which way to go, nor from which point of the compass we had come. I gave Bob the rein, but after a few starts he grew bewildered and stopped short, seem- ing to share in my confusion. Quickly shout- ing a number of loud, shrill cattle-cries, I listened intently for a reply; but the breeze was strong and.undoubtedly carried my voice in the wrong direction. In the absorbing inte- rest of the turkey-hunt I had probably wan- dered a full mile from the place where we had first entered upon the chase. In a Florida pine forest, where one tree is precisely like thousands of others, to find one's way is always difficult. I knew very well that I was in a dangerous position. Just then I noticed an opening between the trees at some distance. With a faint hope of finding the trail I put spurs gently to Bob. All at once Bob plunged heavily. As I tried to pull him to his feet the ground gave way beneath us and with a sickening sense of helplessness we sank down, down, down, I knew not where. I was half-suffocated by the sand, and rubbish that came pouring upon us in showers. Clinging to Bob with all my strength I buried my face desperately in his heavy mane. Together we plunged with a heavy splash into a roaring torrent of icy water. Instantly the fierce current swept us onward in the bed of a black and unknown subterr- ranean river; and I knew that we had fallen through a soft place in the earth into one of those death-traps known in limestone regions as "sinks." My breath was almost gone, but my strength gained with despair. Bob struggled furiously at first, but his efforts were useless, against the mighty force of the torrent. At last, too much exhausted for further effort, we floated along with the stream in the black darkness. A heavy blow against a hanging rock warned me not raise my head, for the tunnel through which we were going was evidently low; I expected death at any moment, either from a crushed skull or from drowning, for poor Bob was becoming exhausted under my weight and chilled as well. I knew the plucky little fellow must soon succumb. Suddenly I felt Bob's back firm beneath me, as if he had touched bottom with his feet. He certainly was walking and the water seemed to lessen in depth. A few more steps and he stood shaking and gasping out of the water, while I heard the roar of the stream we had just left a little distance away at my right hand. I conjectured that there were two tunnels which joined here and that the one into which Bob had fortunately turned was the bed of a tributary stream, full during the summer or rainy season, but now in April almost dry. A faint glimmer of light at a distance gave me new hope and we started toward this slight gleam of day. Bob hesitated and snorted loudly as we crept slowly along, dreading some new pitfall. But the light grew stronger and we were soon able to make out our path. At last we came to a sharp bend in the waterworn tunnel. Once around the bend a flood of the brightest, of the warmest, of the most welcome rays of God's sun poured down upon our wet and shivering bodies! How my courage came back under its reviving influence! I looked about joyfully, but discovered that we were still in a prison. The sunlight had not riven us our freedom. All its brilliancy came down upon us through a wide opening in the rock above. We were in a space some twenty feet square. Along one side ran a ledge of solid limestone, which formed a path some three feet wide, while the remainder of the floor seemed like a bed of damp sand. Bob and I were standing upon this ledge, and as I could see that it ex- tended forward for quite a distance I decided to leave him while I walked on to make dis- coveries. Some four or five hundred feet farther on I came to an intersecting tunnel, down whose dark depths I again saw another faint glimmer of sunshine. We were not very deep in the bowels of the earth, for our fall probably had not been more than twenty feet. I fancied we might find a better way out in this direction. I whistled to my pony to come to me. He did not notice my call. I whistled again and again; and then, fearing some new trouble, hastened back to he place where I had left him. As I approached a strange whinnying sound alarmed me and I ran with all speed, blaming my thoughtlessness in leaving him alone, for I well knew his habit of moving about when left untied. Where was he? Not where I had left him. Poor Bob ! His uneasiness had led him to wander about the sandy section of the river bed and I came back only to find him struggling in the fatal grasp of a quicksand. He had already sunk as deep as his body, but was desperately trying to climb out, cat fashion, upon the firm edges of the limestone path. As he was close to the side and within reach with all my strength I pulled and urged until I saw that my efforts were only making matters worse. Oh, for a rail to put beneath him. But I might.as well have prayed for a derrick, for both were beyond possible reach. I grew desperate and ran wildly up and down, screaming for help. Then I knelt at Bob's head and began hysterically to pet my pony as he sank, lower and lower. Poor little Bob! My faithful pony! His soft eyes pleaded for help, for his strength was going fast and his struggles were ceasing. He stretched out his head _ wards me, whinnying in a strange moaning way, and licked my hand gently with his tongue as I stroked his soft nose and delicate ears. His neck and head alone now remained in sight, for the sand had silently and steadily closed over his body. Again I rose to my feet and shouted for help. As my frantic voice echoed and re-echoed through the dreadful silence I fancied I heard an answering cry. I listened, straining my ears, but I heard nothing except the notes of a cardinal bird singing outside in the free world to its mate in the shady woods. Bob must die. There was no hope; but could I see him suffocate so slowly and cruelly before my very eyes? Would not his death be easier if a bullet could be sent quickly through his brain and to save him the last agonising struggles? Already his neck was submerged and only his poor head lay stretched upon the surface, while his loving, despairing, eyes were turned toward my own. . Could I? Yes; it must be done. My rifle had fallen off long before, but my pistol was still fast in my belt. The cartridges were water-proof, and I found the weapon in good order. Fiercely fighting away the tears which, I am not ashamed to say, were pouring down my cheeks, I threw all my strength of will into my trembling hands to steady them, and the merciful deed was done. I arose to my feet dizzy and trembling. As I stood looking down at the cruel-death trap a strange thing happened. There was a slight movement over the surface of the sand and I hastily retreated some twenty feet. Then silently as a breath the place where my Bob had met his fate disappeared from sight! I gazed in wonder, terror, and doubt, but it was true. Before me was now a yawning pit. Irresistibly attracted I crept cautiously to the edge, and looked down into the black depths. As the sunshine gradually made objects visible I saw some thirty feet below me the steely glitter of another rushing subterranean river. Another "sink" had occurred, hastened undoubtedly by our struggles. Shuddering and now completely unnerved drew back and ran wildly away. Oh, to gain the outer world! Should I ever find my way, to it? I turned down the tunnel leading to the second glimmer of light, running heedlessly along. The distance seemed endless, but my brain was on fire. How long I ran I do not know, but the gloom lessened rapidly as I approached the brighter goal and with a loud cry of joy I sprang at last out into the open forest. Then I felt sure that I heard human voices. I paused for an instant to be quite certain, then called loudly for help. There was an answering shout. I started to run toward the sound, but my strength gave out and I fell to the ground, just as I saw our own white-topped "prairie- schooner" come tearing through the pines to my rescue. For a moment I laughed loudly in my excitement, ,tlien became unconscious. I remember reviving sufficiently to see my mother's face bending over me, haggard with anxiety, and I cried out—"O mother, mother! Bob! Bob is dead! He is dead—and I shot him!" Then I knew nothing more. They told me after my recovery from the five weeks of fever into which the shock had thrown me—for I was never a robust lad—that I had been missing about three hours. My father, as soon as he missed me, asked the help of a party of cattlemen who fortunately passed. They knew the country well and in their search soon found the place where we had plunged through into the "sink"—proved beyond doubt by the presence of my rifle lying close by the brink. Although the cattlemen regarded me as lost forever, they advised hastening to ail opening in the ground about a mile away, which they knew might be safely entered. They hoped that it might connect with the stream into which we had fallen. So the party divided and under the guidance of two of the rangers my father and mother proceeded across the country to this opening. There they found me, as I have told, a mere ghost of myself, wet and torn, battered and dishevelled. I am now twenty-five years of age and. have owned several horses since the death of Bob, but none can ever revive the affection that my boyish heart cherished ten years ago for my faithful little cracker pony.—Boston Youth's Companion. 