One 6i the strongest points made by Max Nordau in his Conventions! Bios involves the s<. '.‘ores!; eondma: >; ..t >11 of Pro tection, the'a vowed objectof ic is to foster ni;uiuk;ctunng at he. expense of agricultural in dustry. And what is the re .sulP;' It is best stated in his own forcible w;rd ;:—“ Tile son of the soil forsakes his plough, the freedom of the country and nature, and the pure abundant sunshine and air, to force his way into that fatal prison, the factory; and take up his abode in some pes tilential tonemant house in the big city;” thus abandoning the food-producing soil» and . casting himself into tiio slough of manufacturing industry, where he suffocates and starves, ” The same writer points out that, while science is doing its utmost to improve and cheapen manufactures, “ we are still in a barbarism as dark as mid : night” concerning the cultiva tion of the soil, and yet i( man recognises that ho sinks lower and lower when lie forsakes the soil; that the farmer is the only one who remains healthy and strong, while the city saps the very marrow in the hones of its inhabitants, j rendering them liable to disease j and unfruitful, so that each, : family absolutely rots out in two or three generations.” In fact, he says, great cities would become so many cemeteries in the course of a century if it were not that their population is constantly recruited by Qountry-bred people. Out of the ter, railway lines in France which have become the property of the State alu minum is to bo henceforth substituted for iron and .copper ■ jp the construction of carriages excepting as regards the wheels, axles, and couplings. This will so. materially lessen the weight of the carriages that the economy of traction for an or dinary train will be upwards of thirty cons. The outbreak of a new form of potato disease is officially announced in Europe, but it was iirst observed in America. A small fungus called the fl Macrosporium solani ” at tacks the leaves and : stem of the young plants, making their presence known by greyish brown spots. In three weeks the foliage perishes, and then the stalks. The growth of the tubers is at once arrested, and the crop is either des troyed or greatly diminished. The only known remedy is the application of the mixture known as Bouillic Bordelaise, which proved efficacious in re gard to the original potato disease. : . The German manufacturers who have been enabled, by the operation of protection, to minimise the wages of labor to the lowest point, are making immense efforts to push the /sale of their goods on the ' continent of Europe, and the Society of Exportation makes ■ it a boast that as the result of distributing 135,000 circulars ;and 9-i,000ietters in Bulgaria it secured for the associated firms 7,000 orders, represent ing nearly J200,000 worth of goods.. The: value of printers’ ink is.evidently vyell understood ini Germany., ,. .Complaints arc rife.in town concerning; certain uiaiin ifiUstured . articles which., are : being imported from Japan. The-“ Jap ” is sometimes; re- ' . poided as having no moral, code in’ any ■ possible sense,; but . -whether, this is doing 'him. an . injustice- or not is one question arid .the fact that he is ••'stamp?, ing .his goods . “ Made, • in .England ”-is another. Pos ..sibiy- the Customs ’ department will watch .the a evolution of., To kio in to Bermingh am wares. : In the meantime’ the-equality' of Japanese • • imitations of -English manufactures .is not monsolatopy to the minds of tbs prophets of evil whoa are. ex? : .jpecting Japan to supersede • .'Enffianci as the great manufac turing nation. ^.fihort. time ago Victorian protectionist writers were jubi lant over the fancied discovery that Japan was going to manu facture its own cast iron pipes, and that therefore the sun of England was setting for ' ever. .The facts are, however, as fol lows:—The city of Tokio wants •50,000 tons of water-pipes. In 1800 it invited tenders for 10,000 tons, and Messrs Strang, Macfarlane, and Co., of Glas gow, put in the lowest bid. But the counterpart in Tokio of the protectionist party in Melbourne raised a disturb ance, insisting that the pipes should he made at home. The authorities yielded, and the contract was given to a native company regardless of cost. The native company contracted to deliver within 12 months, but before the. time was up it had given up the ghost, and a new company was formed as legatee of the contract. The new company took about 18 months to deliver 1,500 tons out of the 10,000 tons, and as to quote an American paper, itTtscania apparent that.time would run into eternity before home industry got all that pipe cast ” the Tokio authorities invited tenders from abroad for another 10,000 tons. The contract was taken by a Bel gian firm, not because it could produce more cheaply than English linns, but because an English ship- owner undertook to carry the pipes, at 8s per ton less from Antwerp than from London. Since then tenders for another 10,000 tons have been invited, and Messrs Macfarlane, Strang, arid Co. have secured it. The same firm has also secured a contract for 700 tons of ISin pipe for the Yokohama "Waterworks Company. It is evidently not quite certain that Europe has as yet been wiped out by •Japan for the objection against time running into eternity in busi ness matters must always tell. The Eoman Catholic arch bishops and bishops of Ireland have in the past given no little encouragement to Home Rule and to the more extreme measures by which it was sought to ho secured. When they quareiled with Parnell over the O'Shea case they hoped to secure, control of the Home Rule machine, but the Parnellite section,who are.more popular than any other faction, have declined to follow the bidding of the hierarchy. Some of their speakers and newspapers have. treated the priesthood generally to a plain ness of criticism which is not usual iu Ireland. . The arch bishops and bishops meeting at Maynooth ollej) t) ok serious notice of this “ disre gard of reverence due to the heads of the church.” They disclaim any desire to interfere with freedom of thought, but they cannot tolerate, under pretext of freedom of discus sion, tho use of-language which must weaken and possibly des troy the filial confidence which lias hitherto existed between the Irish people and their priests. They trust this ad monition will. be enough, and that they may not have to ex ercise their spiritual authority for the prevention of. a grave evil. AH this is auother illus tration of. the disintegrating forces of Nationalism. ; The. will of the late John Hore, of Orrongroad, Caulfield, gentleman, . has; been lodged for. probate.- The testator died on the, 15th October, 1895, and the:will is dated 9th August, 1895: There is also a codicil in the will dated 30th Septem ber,- 1895. By the will the testator ..directed that his body was to be buried in the Church of England section of the cemetery, at. Albury, and that Mo was to be paid to the offi ciating clergymen / of the Roman Catholic Church on the condition'that he read • the Roman Catholic funeral service over the body, but if that - was not done within an hour of the reception of. the body at the cemetery the, bequest was to be void, find the service, of the Church of England was to be read over the body. 