[?] SAVED/Y SHADOWS. bmngYhe adventures of a man 'A-soy. and an ass with a travelling show in new ' : -"south wales and queens- ...land in 1sg4. ' Br Sxir Borlasi. Chapter V. — ( Continual ) "i -torn out'to de a ohost maker on a large scale, ..I groped about in search of tbo box for at least five minutes ero i found it wheh, as the matohes were happily' :;:nfent.:strilting,' i kindled one and pgbted the' lantern lamp, taking oaro that the jiohshed refieotor thereof was gtdt. turned towards our sleeping foes, .l iPIaclhg .the lamp in the; very bottom of the cart, and covering it as ..mnch.a8 possible with my .body, 1- sclented my two favorite slides, »nd._ half- a- dosen more to back ' them up, if required < and then i qnickly olapped the lamp into ' its, proper place inside the lantern, closed the door, pushed slides No. i into proper.' position, took aim at the trunk of . the biggest gum tree, guessed ' as nearly ae possible the , . the proper fooue, and then knew that ' i had only to remove tho brass pro- , tector at tho end of tho lens, in order . tti make my ghost mlk. " Tho only 'question now to be solved was, eould they walk to any purpose 1. nvan'd-i.qwn that i felt far from comfor table, ar it suddenly occurred to me ' wizards wbron't always rewarded, '..fudthat-even in .civilised and Christian countries they had sometimes been barntinsiead. ,It was not a time for irresolution, however, and - my movements were hasteaecland heralded at this juncture by one. of the most terrlfio brayk that donkey lfoit had ever been- known to indulge in,. ' I doubt if even a man-eating, tiger ie. 'flolild' rhave . emitted a < more awful ttedley-.of .sounds,. whioh had theoffect of waking' up "the "black fellows in evidontiyithe.-wildeet-oqhceivable state jhralarmfo.rlhough.thoit poor, foolish huslf'bird oould bray in in its way, it was only as the " Squeak of a child's i wooden penny trumpet compared with \- thfv mih„qf thc greqkl'g.horn at ; / EabmdMwEenin'iuliSd... r — — ' '"The - black fellows fl(u«aia to their ''.-feet,, wide awake and terror-stricken. .They- had evidently never heard a , sound at all resembling it before. They .ron ...against . . each, - other, and , 'thfeiv'thoir arms about, and mado the Otfimgifctincouth and "gutteral noises deep down in thoir throats, whilst from m: somowhere in the rear came the "Bhrieks of women and the squalling of children, in ' answer to whioh sounds X ion-very naturally brayed again, and with still stronger emphasisi : '-At the same instant i removed the brass covering of the magic-lantern and a dozen seeming - additional \----savages, with the wild white man standing in their midst, appearing as tboagh grouped olose against the -/milk: white trunk of an normous gum tree, whilst, at the same time, the \- lantern direoted what looked like an enormous fiery eye fall upon them out ' of the "darkness of-the bush, v - 'j -They, didn't see the fiery eye at first for the gaze of one and all was fixed upon, the seeming acoession to their number. They' shouted to the strangers, but .recoi jed no answer. They then "yabber yabbered" amongst themselves, and and - one &t; last threw a spear at the . tree, and- though it seined to transfix' \- Che of the forms there was no cry, not " ' even' the slightest movement as a yt /result. .. The live savages now recoiled from ' -' their shadowy brethren | and clustered \- -close together/as '-though for mutual tpport, whereupon i moved the slide ""tin bvjl that : tho figures seemed to pass the rear, and im: ttediateEy'suhstituted the battle scene, njaythe trunk would not take it all r 'ltf/l p'aused when i oame to tho two \--" -centra!- figures, representing James ."'Moril overcoming and throttling, with \- ; -his bare, hands a gigantlo aboriginal ,. chief, 'Two or three yelemens were now . , .immediately cast at Moril, but. though \- : -they all .iseemed to etick -in jim'/'oner \- -even ' apparently entering' his, very broini he went on.with/the throttling , .._b.uslhmbl Jhst - as ooply.; as though nothing,hBdrhappecM't5"hirir.' ' ' tkis ..was jltggether too much for Seized with a wild porfroke .- and fled, some '4o»isi3swjo»n'th terror as on wheeling "hi 4roun#iijn6y iaught sight in turn of the xnagiolantern's apparent fiery eye. "v tike . madmen they scampered off onto "the darkness of tho bush, their — :womnnkind- -and-children- seeming to immediately follow their example. Lrireuujr illicit. LCbLuuuiig luuiaktqjb : and .their yellings ceased to be audible ' in.the-distance, i fished a knife out of ' tho'eart. and, making straight for my (p&rtner.cut; his bonds and set him free. it y0n managed that capitally, 1 Aubrey,;'. - said' nej "and now you UbaU toko a handful of oat3,0nd go into '/..'/thfiiibuah, eatoh the donkey, whilst't get the mummy into the cart, and stretch my limbs, whioh aro pretty ' considerably cramped." -i . thought he might have been it trifle warmer in his thanks, and ip his i l - /praises as'well; but it was just like , .'.him, as also was his sending me into t: (he -bush- after the donkey, for ;Morti- . roer-would never poko oveu his little ' '-' finger into the slightest jeopardy if ." /. anybody else's whole body could lie used for the purpose. \--.--However, after saying to him, "i'd :-'i keep'the ghosts walking, if I was you, ; ;jfor fear some of. them should return," 1 started off, and soon oaught Lion, ' - ;,nnhpppled though ho was.; and after ;.i. : had brought him back, and \- harnessed him to tho cart, Mortimer sitting down smoking tho while, and continually complaining how Btiff his . limbs were, he oondescendod to olatn- ber up therein, and to superintend the \- lantern, whilst 1 drove, ploking out \- the way the best 1 oould. Thero'a not many a colonial boy " wbo- can't steer by tho etars, and knowing that our proper route lay in B nor'-noJbeasterly direction, I kept as.oloso to it m the nature oi. the ' fcrottml would allow, which wbb often . of Buch.a character that I had to die- \- . mount, and walk by Lion's head for \- loUginiles at. stretch. . . Mortimer ineanwhiio sat or radioed baide the mumuiy, and ia charge of i ' fho niaglo lanteru, with the brass cap, \- -- Over the Jens, (for wo did not cam to .ahow a light), yet' with everything \- ' ready for raising ghosts at a monronCe : /-/Aotico, should they be required .for our ' - -BafetyB sake, to frighten away S)ursu- Ing bJackfeilowfl. N T r "J. was by no moans an agt'eeftblo Jotnoey, for wo might have: Nijn, speared, or waddfed, or hoonierangwgt ttt any Instant, and the way lay, for least three miles, through a mountain gorge, with a sheer precipice rising on one side of us, and an abyss of un known depth lying on the other, whilst the rocky roadway could not have been .more than nino feet wide. This gloomy pass traversed, how-, ever, we reached open bush, in which i could venture to ride again, and a few hours later the rising sun showed us something actually in the shape of a road, and about a mile ahead, a settlei's hut, stnndiag in iho midst of it little tobacco plantation, and — could i believe my eyes ? — a patch of monster pineapples and melons ad joining it as woli. Wo were hospitably received, and well treated. i. atq .melons and pine- npples to my hearc'b content, and, what was a far greater treat, had half- a-dozen hours' delicious sleep on a Btraw mattress, and a oup of coffee and a plate of hot damper cake on waking up. We stayed at our comfortable quarters until the great heat of the day was past, and then we resumed our journey; but happily reached Rookhampton without any further adventures. (To Z10 UontinuOd.) 