Items rif fletos. 1 The Police Magistbact.— An in- I indent in connection with the recmt depu- I tation to Mr. .Cuthberr, escaped notice at I the time, but is all the same, deserving of I notioe. The Mayor of Hamilton having I A3»— a Mo. ' — — " a ft xw t. . i iBaiinM tuav ztu» Asa airtiiinsj r. m t naq written his views on the situation to Mr. I Cathbert, desired that the letter should be I read in the presence of the members of the I deputelion. The Minister replied to the re- I quest by stating that the letter from tbe I Police 'Magistrate was too lengthy to take 1 rip time with at that moment. Of course I we are not in a' position to state whether I Mr. M'Cormick's letter was favourable to | Mr. Cuthbertis scheme or. otherwise. At I tbe same time the litigants and members of j tbe Bar will certainly agree with us that j Mr. MtConnick in addressing himself to 1 the subject would take a oommon- seuse view of the position of affairs, in the light of his experience oT the past air months. The chances are in favour of his j testimony, being decidedly opposed to foe existing arrangement, but in any case the I action of tbe Minister insoppressingit was, j to say the least of it, peculiar. A clever 1 lawyer taking advantage of the whole bag I of tricks which is so often exhibited in j court .would be justified in adopting such a I coarse by common practice and usage. 1 But if a Minister of the Crown, who is sup posed to administer his. Department with even-handed .jnstice to the whole com- m unity, resorts to such methods, the action bears a very strong resemblance to an at tempt to obstinately suppress evidence that would prove his line of action unjustifi able. It is certain that Mr. SfCor- micka expression of opinion wonld not wear a neutral tint. Either it supported tbe Miniater'e scheme or opposed it, the vital question is whether Mr. Cath bert believed there was no necessity to bring further evidence to support hie posi- snpprers an opinion that wonld have told againet him. . It is satisfactory to learn that all these little mysteries which are at- " tached to the question will probably be ex posed at an early date. The Hon. Natban , rtonUcr. M.I. Oi , t- n o tn move in the Legislative Council that the whole of tbe correspondence in connection with the matter be laid before the House, with a view to the fullest' enquiry into the adminis tration of justice under Mr. Cuthbert in the Western district. The Late Rev. J. L. Phillips. — Our Casterton "correspondent writes:— " The funeral of tbe late Mr. Phillips took place on Tuesday. A very large congrega tion assembled in the Church, and many mourners were compelled to remain outside. Tbe coffin was .carried into the Church by the elders and placed In front of the polpit, which was draped in mourning, and thebui ial -service was commenced by the Rev. W. C. Wallace, who', read appropriate parts of Scripture and offered up prayer. After wards a suitable hymn was sung by the congregation. The Rev. J. K.: Macmilltn then entered the pulpit and'-delivered an address of sympathy . for the congregation on the" loss which 'they had sustained in the death oi their pastor. He referred to the faithful services' which tire deceased had rendered as a minister of religion, and to the esteem in which he was held by the whole community, ari finally clos-d the service with prayer.. The coffin was then carried from tbe church and placed in the hearse covered with Aural offerings sent by numerous IriendB. : A large number of con veyances and' horsemen 'followed tbe re mains to the newicemetery, where the con cluding part of the' werviee was conducted by the Rev. W; . j.'GSlespie and the Eev. J. Henderson., . .. SJke funeral .arrangements were well carried "out by "Mr. Jelly. Io memoriam services will he eohdncted in the Church by the Rev. W. J. Gillespie on Sun day next The Rev. J. Henderson came to Gasterton <m Tuesday for the purpose of ?paying Mr.' Phillipa a visit to enqnire how he was getting on after Ms late accident, and waa .not aware of the . late miniater'e death till nearly half the church service was over. Some one addressing him asked him if he was going to the foneral, and he was necessarily .shocked - aod . astounded to hear of the sudden death of his co- worker and friend. Fancy-Dress Football Match. — A novelty in football has been arranged at uranxooime, .ana ' will- M 'played on tne local ground On', Saturday 'best (writes our correspondent. 'Pre teams will "appear in fancy dfosa, and afiew. ideia ia lib be worked out which ehouid render the match even funnier than such a&irs; usuatly are The teameoreSO NNew Women '1 against the world, the latter to be represented by 15 old men. The costumes Will repretent the new wottian .in all "the glory of her latest; costume, on ithe 'fine side, while (be others' wpM ,be ' dressed ' to represent 15 players who have fallen into.ths near and yellowlecL Apropstaion round the town will firstgrr- etitaplayersiample epportinity for dilaying'TjJieirgbuiitaeaid their muscle, after which they will much to the football ground: T«opui«-toeliog iE ' kt present in -fitvourof theoex-imciet ooonstomed to the this occasion are sanguine that onee she warms to -the game the other side will amply heoqme< decrepit, porne ; of the costumes have tees procured at consider able expense, and it is ooped that the pablic Will assist to defray .this responding to a collection. , Police Court on Tdeaday, Mr; J. B. Westa- Cott,solicitoi,"asked aflhexderk of the court, iris ntlatXlN lullnn nniiv teaaaia1 ul'aSlaMa fan (VlG ; public 'and heretofore. ! There were.mtojrfeiral l»& ih town and ; oonnfifyldmtifete' whioli the litigants and lawyers preferred .theskilted judgment of the Police M agistaate, and there were also DusntieBi Arijferirti must find rei«ut£l|jnlhe fees tff he ''foMnmt£eta66hs'''€n lhe train papers, it was the intention of the Minister of Justice to re-arrange the different courts in this district, and until this was made known it would be difficult for the P.M. to make out a list of Mb engagements. The Bench agreed with Mr. Westacott and no doubt Mr. Kelley would endeavour to tubu late the P.M.'s fixtures after consultation with Mr. M'Cormick. Meetikg of Creditobs. — A meet- ing of creditors in the insolvent estate of Thomas Moylan, of Bransholme, drover, was held in the office of the Chief Clerk, Hamilton Court- honee, on Tuesday after noon. The liabilities in this estate has been Bet down at £118 lis 8d, and the assets at £16 2s Cd, leaving a deficiency of £100 9s 2d. Probably the amount of the assets was not sufficiently promising for creditors, as none of them appeared, and the iucetiog c'oscd. The estate is there fore left in the hands of the Official As signee. KirLE-EUOOnXG. — LastSaturday the first of three competitions for a cold medal was fired by members of the Pigeon Ponds Kifle Club. The conditions are (writes a correspondent) : — Three competitions monthly ; blind handicap ; total for three ; days to count ; to be fired pn either Kont ! Narin or Pigeon Ponds ranges. The ranges for last Saturday were 290, 300 end 400 ' yards, seven shots at each. The day ..was not a good one for shooting, being very windy, aud following are the ecores made at Kout Narin J. Jodcb, 81; A. Burgess, 77 ; N. Young, 71 ; E. Jones, 70. In the musketry practice for the past yea- seven members obtained the rtquisite points for a badge, the 6Corcs being:— J. Jones, 164; A. B urges?, 106; L. MX«ean, 135; J. M'C&skiil;, 140; E Jones, 141 ; J. Ybung, 141 ; \V. Young, 139. Hamilton Police Court. — Only three small debt cases occupied the at tention of Messrs. James Wiggino and J. £. Kennao, J'e.P., while presiding at the Hamilton Police Conrt on Tuesday, vis. : — Moore and M'lnroy v. Joseph Qnigley, claim for £1 13s, goods sold and delivered and work and labour done. The amount claimed bad been paid to complainants' at torney since the service of the sommons/and the court made an order for 13s costs. Same v. Samuel Butcher, claim for 14Sj goods sold and delivered. Order for amonntvwith J 3s costs. Same v. D. Rankin, claim for £3 2s, goods sold and delivered and work and labour done. Order for amonntclaimed. with 13s costs. Mr. Westacott appeared for the complainants in all the above casfls. Christ Church Gymnasium.— The members of tliiB gymnastic club held their ' usual weekly practioe at Christ Church Hall en Tuesday, evening, to which the public was admitted, and nearly a hundred visitors availed themselves of the opportu nity to view the exhibition of athlelic skill. The clubconsists of two classes, the Junior, attended by children under twelve years, and the Senior, from twelve yearn upwards. About ten Juniors had turned up for prac tice, and these nnder the iustructiou of Mr. H. Westgarth, went throngh the various exercises in a very creditable manner, some of them, including a little man of seven years, giving promise of great efficiency. The Seniors mustered in greater force, twenty members being present. These did very good work on the horizontal bar and Roman rings and with the dumb bells, and showed great proficiency in their drill nnder the instruction of Mr. W. C. Bayley, while Mr. D. D. Carruthers instructed them in the exercises on the parallel bars. The audience seemed to greatly enjoy the ex hibition, rewarding any special feat with rounds of applause. It was an exhibition of which any club might he" proud. We understand that a selected tesm is going to Dunkeld next Wednesday evening to give a gymnastic exhibition in aid of the funds of the local Church of England, and they will he assisted in their entertainment by Mr. Clinch and his lantern. Eccentricities in Tendering. — In these days when so much is said and writ ten about the most improved method of bettering the condition ot the working men, and 60 many experts in solving this most difficult problem of bringing capital and labonr into closer harmony are daily coming to the front, it will be of some interest to inquire how far the working man himself tikes this important factor into considera tion when making out his tenders For road vorU. A striking illns'ration of this was given last week at Penshnrst when the Mount House Shire Council opened the tenders for certain contrac'F. One of these was for forming 7£ chains of road in the lane leading to the cemetery at Clenthompson, the estimated cost of which was £8 10s. There were about half- a-dozen tenders in for . this work, ranging trom £15 down to £5 16s 6d,the last named boing accepted. Another contract was for picking np S44 chains of the Dunkeld road, and toiling if. For this also half-a-doz n tenders bod been banded in, the successful man offering to do the work for £15 4s 7d, while the others graduated np to £40. It would be interesting to learn how moch per day the successful tenderers iu the two contracts mentioned will earn with their horses and drays. Treasurv Accounts and Parcels. — Accounts for the following are waiting payment at the Hamilton Treasury, viz.: — G. T. Allan, J. Andereon, U. Barnes, w. C. llavley, J. Blackwood, F. Cameron, Doyle Bros., J. Dnsgan 2), W. Ferguson, R. Ford (2), M. A. Garton, T. Gleeson, A. Hall, Hamilton Gas Company, F. Hoggins (3), T. Maxwell, Monnt Bouse Shire Coun cil, M. O'Flahertv, P. E. Power. W. H. Rigby, F. Roberts, J. M. Ross, T. Scott, W. G. Thurman (2), W. J. Wilson, T- Woodford. Parcels addressed to the fol lowing persons are lying at the local rail way station ; — MiBS A. Biown, J. M. Artiest, J. Bradlev. F. W.Martin. Miss Robertson. — Ely, F. Weir, Mrs. Ryan, Mrs. :D. i M'Biin, Miss Wacks, Miss Nellie Green, ; E. Gaffney, T. H. Wright, Miss May Rowe, A. Phillips, A. E. Lee (Cavendish),' Boor Singh, Kasela Singh, Maim Ghnn-.i doo. i Hamilton Fire Bbigadi;. — There was a good attendance of members at the ordinary monthly meeting of the Brigade held at the station onTneeday evening, Mr. L. Block being in the chair: Aoroular was read from Chief-Officer Marshall, stat ing that the wife and family of the late Superintendent Gee, who bad been killed at the fire on the Hiiaria whilst in the execu tion olhi6 duty, were almost destitute. „:It would be a graceful acton- the partofttie country firemen to pombine with thoseof the metropolis in .subscribing totielp the widow and children of their late comrade.'. Captain Carter, in moving- that a subscript iron list he opened, said be conld not under- stand a man in the late Superintendent' Gee's position not having made some pfctf-' vision for bis wife and family j hirapig .lap i life insured. A firemarmeiiprcsally- jn-the- large cities, carried - bis life in InB band and J should certainly have somethoughtforttie, welfare of his wife and family, tn the case- of his being killed. A subscription list 4eas opened and all the -Bremen present jehb-: scribed. It wta . daftfi Vfe JmgsMsrtT & Country Fire BrigadesBoard to.baVettie two reels and the Jaddervlc, repainted and generally repaired. The"' desirability of having some arrangement with the cab proprietors whose cabs are" fated for the cbn- vejanceof the reel andapparatne to fires was discussed, and it was v'ecided that the proprietors be jBeeh. jand Borne under- : standing cometo.: A votebl lhanks tothe'; Chairman bronghttbe inieetiiig'toia" S C.Y.M.S.— The 1 connection with the abo ve Socjety washsld : m St. Mary's school room on Tuesday-; evening last. The night . was wet.: and miserable,' bnt this did hot bave' thB meet of limiting the attendiroee,1he£eteihg .£e crowd present- DanaInGatferMd : with musical selections, nu -ktptlip grittil hart-ton - fortnightly meeting pfriKMiilyittwillbo tela to-pight in theikLaiaic'JN3i3?#6S?i proceeding, a paper British itense nlFeensS wind mlltewen to sad vlsifcots.' material dwoourse; :> v? td -.ifSS ;rr 'l:«|iwgjypw»h»i .IsHttsasfi ' . " .-.'f KNOX V. THE VicTORiA' tJoirEK Palace. — In the County Court am Tuesday before Judge Gaunt, Mr. Leon moved for judgment In tbe' oase of William Knox, mounted constable, of Portland, against the Victoria Coffee Palace , Company, Collins- street, - Melbourne.' Tbu1' plaintiff was residing, at Coffee : Palace in November last, and during a . visit to tbe bathroom found that jewellery and other articles to the valne of £57 5s had been stolen from : his bedroom. 1 He brought an action against the company, which was given in his favour by Jndge Gannt. An appeal to tbe Fall Conrt also resulted in bis favour. On Tuesday Jndge Gannt entered, judgment for the foil amount, with costs to be taxed within seven days. Local Auditors — Last year the Minister of Public Works proposed to reduce the fees paid to local municipal auditors from two gnineasa day to one and a half, tbe sum paid to the Government municipal auditors, bat be was met with protests from the local auditors, who stated they woald not have sought election and locurrea expense in doing so if they bad known the fees were to be reduced. The Minister did not go any farther with the proposal on th >t occasion, but Mr. Taverner has, to prevent this plea being again urged againBt the redaction, caused a circular to be issued stating that it is intended to ob tain an Order in Council fixing the re muneration of the local auditors at £1 lis 6d per day for auditing the municipal ac counts for the year ending SOtb September, 1S95. Prohibition in New Zealand. — Some highly diverting incidents have re sell ed from a grand attack upon tbe licensed victuallers of Cnristchurch by some zealons prohibitionists. . First a num ber of' young fellows, members of tbe Christian Endeavour Class, rising from a prayer meeting one Sunday, determined to viBit the hotels and discover whether they conld obtain strong drink. They were de cidedly successful, for in no less than 12 publichonses they were served with whisky. Of coarse they conld not dispose of this after the manner usually adopted by Sun day visitors to hotels, and so they spilled some on the floors, while they also cap- tared certain quantities in bottles taken with them. for -the purpose, taking advantage of - the moments when the barman turned his back. The trophies were duly lodged- with the Rev. F. W. Isilt, who is the leader of the prohibitionists. Prosecutions were insti tuted and the hotelkeepers pleaded that they had no knowledge of the visits of the yonng men, and that if the whisky was pro cured the prohibitionists mast have de clared that they were bona fide travellers. The irreverent publicans also entered charges against their prosecutors of con spiring to procure an offence, and jost as the proceedings were gtowing most interest ing there was -a sadden cumpromise be tween the parries, and tbe whole affair ended in smoke. The next attack was npon one leading hotel, the license of which was most desperately opposed. " Tbe license was granted, despite numerously signed petitions and wholesale accusations of im proprieties brought against tbe place. The final result is that the prohibitionist who was in the van of the fight stands committed for trial and charge of perjury. After that the Premier was' waited upon with a request that a Board be appointed to enquire into the operations of the police force, on tbe ground that the force warn controlled by the Qqnor interest Tbe Premier refused to entertain tbe request, and now the zealots confine themselves to holding meetings and expressing their opinions abont everybody opposed to them in language that is rather vividly contrasted with their teetotal prin ciples. A Premier Assaulted. — A man named Sparks, who had been sarcastically referred to by the Premier of South Aus- tralia, attacked Mr. Kingston with a whip in William-street, Adelaide, on Monday. Mr. Kingston, probably remembering that be once advocated dneiling as a means for settling political differences, stood no to bis man, ana a very entertaining contest was only stopped by the intervention of the by standers. It is said that laurels ' rest with Mr. Kingston, whose honour was satisfied by tbe infliction of several straight blows on his assailant. Football. — Tbe financial result of the recent match between tbe Veterans and Hamilton Association lias proved a very satisfactory one. Thereceipts amounted :to £5 7s 6d, snd the expenditure to 9s, leaving a creditable ba'ance of £4 18S 6d, which has been banded over to Hie Ladies' Benevolent Society. A few more shillings are. still owing, which will raise the ainonnt to ever £5, which must be considered very satis factory indeed. — The South Hamilton and Combined schools teams meet on Saturday f„r the prtmierehip in the Friendly Societies' Fork. The Hon. Secretary de sires that players who . used tbe South Hamilton guernseys for the recent match will band tbe same over to him before Saturday. About Keeping Young. — A well- "known scientist thns replies to an elderly lady who has asked him how she conld best keep yonng. She did not ask for a prescrip tion that would keep her from getting old, so doubtless she means yonng at heart, and -that means jolly and' happy, and on good terms with herself and the world aronnd her. A lady may be old in years but that is nothing. If she is healthy she cannct be ; old, and if she is ill she is old whatever her years may be. Grey hair! O that Is np. criterion nowadays. Wrinkles? Jnstikeep, smiling. Wrinkles are never noticed .on a. laughing face. Bat as you advance in ycara yon mast take care that wondronB tnacbme tbe body does .not get clogged, with. effete matter, like tbe inaide of an old tea- kettle, else the bones willxtet brittle enci hlotMUess. tbe ligaments round tbe joints will stiffm, and even the smaller . blood vessels will ossify. Bnt fresh air will barn off the effete ' matter, and attention to perfect". ablation,, with a Turkish bath occasionally, will Jteep . that great emnnctory, tbe akin, to woVking order, so Hie blood will be pnre, tbe beart will beat easily, and the braiu will be -clear. "- -Bnt do not worry becanatrydd cannot cat- what yon did when youbjger. Ybu jion'tl need it, LltHe food, bnt; nnjxittpi'.fqiyi, be that yonr motto. Do not worry'becanqs you' cannot walk so much as yon rued to'da; Yon . can't get ao mnch work out of an old ma- . chine. Do not worry about, anything. ' Bnt pray don't try to keep yonngby complexion- Ming and "getting up"aa rqme.ladies whom I know do. Yon may nolieh the outside of an old tin ket'tte HHitBhmes, lmtit will only > Wear ont the sooner. " Be temprirate in every- "tbing, in yonr enjoyments andrn yonr. con-' venation. Do not give anyone the chance to say yon are gttSng -giirnlooB ; w ;jong- itongne is a poor compamonifor tootlileas game. Bat attend to . personal ,pppeariiripe. and keep yonng society. Yph nqrfn't dcHia oddly. Don't think of death 'except "as "a ikest and cfaange,qand don't jkeep .conqipny , with those, who anay themselYps jn ru«tyr black/and who groan -ahd puTa wear, faces as longaa to-day and to-morro w. afhey. are dnalj,'u9itiBl thdrdirn lahlt j- so Bvotd them. ,; ' . J " " '' 'J., . " ; ' ' — a— — ; In Hsmbnig ttie anthoriries tax a xlbg a«!Ol&nj;!%iit8lse. D' - - .- J ' Of all ehakrt the rabra ianaid to be .the " mosteosceptihlelto nmsic. ; f-,?j Ohio has . 356,-264 farms, Abe Istgest nnm-.i ber of iuiir7ff|e'.lnittihpinon;: The Tl tates modneed 353,DOo;000 1 PpnhdBrihW»jperIartyiar.;j-; Z clcglsfa SaV'tbatnK known wpeaes ct t0z3b« ' i Ibe cnrire icolllxirion cfjctdns iatid inedals injriis BntSbmiuepm tndwjsrtiriBte lof nearly ssftooa 'qp<&N;£>!' A lady <nttdsto |s>|inspsnng -l» jM»be ta. & ,ff$e»laniessilievp:grw:AigWwjyo. 'Febple wiehlog -" to 'bOmmnnicate witb Byaduk and Maearthnr may do so from to-day by . telephone. The telephone was com pleted yesterdsy eroning, and was ioond to answer rooBt satisfactorily. After mnch conflicting evidence, the charge against Mr. T. Dean, tbe owner and rider of Cerberus, preferred by the Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, was dismissed -on Tuesday by the Flemington Bench. Mr. G. E. Carter, representing the Collins-street Institute, announces that owing to the camber of bis engagements in Hamilton, be .has taken a private surgery nut door to Mr. Carl King's . premises in Gray-street. A farmer named Pluckhalm, residing near Horsbam, was fonnd dead in bis paddock on Tuesday afternoon with his face and head badly cat. It ' is supposed that deceased was worried to death by a viciooB pony run ning in the paddock. Bank notes, or "flying money," were first issued in China 2697 B.C. These notes were printed in bins "ink on .paper from the fibre of the mulberry tree. One issued in 1399 B.C. is preserved in the Asiatic mnsenm at St. Petersburg. A story is told to show what Cbitral roads are like. In one district there was jest room enongb for the camels to walk in single file. , One dropped dead. -The only mode ol clearing the track for Col. Kelly's force was to blow the beast hp. ' Bat if he's such a conscientious man as yon say be bis, 1 don't see bow he has managed to keep head with the others." " Well, yon see there's nothing egotistic abont his conscience. It has all it can do in lamenting the wickedness of other people." If i gipsy girl wishes -to. know how soon she will marry, she whispers into tbe ear of the first donkey she meets, "Shall I aoon have a husband!" And if in reply,, as.it were, the donkey moves its ears, the' girl knows that she will many almost immedia tely. The defendants in the recent Customs f rands case, Moses Rosenfeld, Samuel Davis and John Stonway have been sen tenced fay Judge Hodges, Rosenfell to nine months with hard labonr, and a £500 fine ; Davis to six months and a £100 fine, and Stonway to three months and a'fiSO fine. A " ghost " some eight feet high and Bhowing incandescent lights to the victims of its sadden appearances, is reported to be scaring tbe people of Sonth Melbourne. Singularly enough some genius is engaged in the same nocturnal folly at Hirsham just now. " Ghosts " would appear to be catch ing. The Nhill A mod P. Society last Satur day dismissed the proposal which originated at Hamilton for a compulsory sheep dipping Act. The necessity for dipping in the dis trict was generally admitted, toongb it did not appear to be generally practised. It was derided that support be given to the Hamilton scheme. Tbe many friends of Mr. J. N. M" Arthur, of Lawrenny, will be pleased to learn that bis brother has taken (he two degrees of the Royal College of Surgeons and Licentiate of tbe Royal College of Physicians, London. These qualifications rink tbe highest iff any in the world; and the successful student is to be congratulated. Tbe balance-sheet of the Yambnk batter factory, shows a profit of £68 13s for tbe half-year ending Jane 30cb, making a total profit: of £276 igs fid for twelve months. In the first six months 42,268 gallons of milk was supplied, and in tbe last 74,745 gallons. Every ponnd of batter absorbed 20Jlhs of milk, and the suppliers received within a fraction of threepence per gallon. The fourteenth of the constantly recurring fires at Warrnambool was started in some sheds belonging to a Mr. Stainsby on Mon day morning at A o'clock. -Two sheds were fired, the material used by tbe incendiary being sonie raattrasses which bad been coolly removed from one of the bedrooms in the boose. Several attempts to set fire to the premises of- Messrs. M 'Hardy and Sons, stationers, have also been discovered. "Mr. -DingaBB, said the yonng. man, twirling his bat nervously, " I have called to ask yon for yonr daughter Phoebe. I am not rich, bnt I have good bnBiness prospects, and — " " Yonng man;" interrupted the parent, eyeing him keenly, " before Wp dis cuss this matter farther will you oblige rue witb a loan of balf-a -sovereign !' "1 will not, sir," replied the yonLh firmly. " Then take her, my boy," said Mr. DingnsB ; "yon've got more sense than I thought yon had." . . 