'SAID THE BARBER !' 'It Eluillto tbe jBarber'a* — HAKLRTe The Barb j Is Tired of Politics— ' Winnero and Loi ers— He has Strange Dreams— Pieking the Premier's Pocket— And ft Similar Case— Proposal to Knight Grace, the JMokotar— Vigorous Talk ing by Candidates— Prophesies Trouble in tho Kent Eonso 1 1 DO hope, sir, that yon will not say any thing which may lead up-to politics to day,' said the Barber. ' I have heard nothing else for over a week. And the men who were eo sure of returning those they were supporting — who sat here everv dav showinv how tnev couldn't lose now come roncd and put in all their spare time explaining why they didn't win. It is making an old man of me. ' I have taken to dreaming politics, and four nights this week I have been prowling about the cemetriea in Dreamland, mounted on a phantom-horse, with horns on his hips and one eye in the centre of hiB forehead, chasing ghosts amongst the tombstones and trying to force them to accept substituted rights, on which they vote at the first elec tion after the Da; of Jndgment. ' Eo Mr. Beid was robbed in the crowd on Wednesday night. Had his watch and chain taken away. Well, I have my own opinion about that little bit of business, and I don't think his jewellery is so far away that the detectives will not be able to find it. Yon see, they know all the thieves, and what would be easier than for one of the demons to arrange for the ' wiring ' of the Premier, and in a week or so to restore tbe stolen stuff. Don't you see what a snap it would be for the detective ? He would be recommended for promotion, and could easily square himself with the pickpocket by letting him off the next time he either caught him red-handed or was about to arrest him on suspicion. ' Such things have been done. I know of one detective who was very quickly poshed op for finding the watch of a Minister of tbe Crown. He is not in the force now, nor ie the Minister in the country. Trne, he found the plunder iffa honsenht often 'Visited by the clergy, and that ma; have made -a difference, bat the Minister stuck to the officer and made things all right for him. Of course -Mr Beid's watch - was lost, in, the crowd, bnt tbe police have a much better chance of finding it than they have of gathering enow on a red-hot shovel, or find ing a member of this Parliament who will refuse to accept his salary.' ' Did you notice that one of the English papers seriously proposes that Grace, the cricketer, should be Knighted 1 I suppose he is as much entitled to a K.C.M.G.-ship as some of toe tin-pot politscans who have been so far favored. Bnt if he gets one, I don't see why Jim Stanbury, and Bill Beach, and Charley Samuels, and Peter Jackson, and George Giffen ehould not be similarly decorated. Grace is a good cricketer, but he has done well out of the game — in which he studied to become proficient because of the money to be made out of it. He was a sort of champion in one department of athletics bnt if that is to entitle him to even the small honor of 'Michael and George,' there are scores of men in the world equally worthy of the distinction. Grace is a good advertiser. I would not be surprised ta hear of him booming himself into Parlia ment some day. 'I could not help hearing a candidate talking the other day. He is one of those gentlemen who is a free speaker. V ery free, sir, and a trifle profane. He was willing to be d ? d for anything. He'd be d ? d if he didn't get into Parliament, and he'd be d ? d if when he got in he wouldn't d ? d soon get his constituents anything and everything they wanted. Oh, yes ; he was prepared to be d ? d about anything, and I am inclined to think if he tries to talk that way in Parliament the Speaker will d ? d 6oen sit on him.' 'And another candidate who was inter rupted by an unfriendly voter yelled out from the balcony of the hotel, ' Haven't I a friend who'll give that — a blanky punch in the jaw.' This kind of talk indi cates vigor in the Bpeaker, and is emphatic and self explanatory, bnt a little of it goes a long way. The ex- Premiers talk of 'lying scoundrels,' and ' brainlesB idiots,' the Pre mier of ' dogs' and ' descendants of AnaniaB/ Even Sir Henry Parkes offered to box a man's ears for interrupting him. Is it any wonder that at times the rank and file of legislators are rude and nnpleasant to each other? ' By the way, did yon notice that in the last (Parliament there were few challenges to fight, few invitations to come outside, and | not a single ' scrap ' in the Cbamber. I don't want to pose as a prophet, bnt I think before the new one is dissolved there will be one or two such incidents recorded. 