THE W00LL00M00L00 TRAGEDY. LATER DEVELOPMENTS. DEFENDANTS BEFORE THE COURT. OTHERS IMPLICATED. A STRANGE STORY. Sydney, SeDtember 3. The complete nature of the ovtdeuce collected by the police relative to the case of Jessie .Kicholis has quite satisfied the public that those who were concerneu in ner aeaia are uuciy co ue brought to task. Sympathy is extended to the girl's mother, Mrs. Nioholls, who directly after her daughter left her home spent the rcsc of the week in endeavouring to trace her whereabouts. She had a' presenti- ment that her daughter inteuded to place herself in the hands of a quack or an unscrupulous medical man with the view of undergoing an operation, and followed her to a relative's house in Paddtngton, whence, however, her daughter hsd departed for 26, Elizabeth street, before her arrival. Further information collected by the detectives discloses that this was not the first attempt made by the girl to hide her trouble. Two months since she placed herself under the care of an advertising specialist in Sydney, and returned home with s lot of medicine. Later on letters were written to her to again visit Sydney and place herself in other hands. The police are satisfied that she went to one establishment on Tuesday week without success, and subsequently re turned home after finally arranging to visit Sheridan's house. Should letters which were written to her be in existenco it is expected that they will implicate several people who have not so far felt the weight of suspicion resting on them. One missing link which the police wished to be supplied was furnished to-day. It had relation to tbe horse and buggy used to take away tbe case con tainiiig the girl's body from No. 26\. Elizabeth -street. To-day that mystery was cleared , up, for an employs at ComTs livery stables, Castlereagh street, identified Sheridan ss the man who hired the buggy from the stables on Sunday night. He added that at Sheri dan's request tbe turnout wss driven to the house, left there, and returned by Sheridan to the stables at abaub 10 o'clock tbe same night. Another interesting gap was filled to day. The police had traced the case in which the body was packed to Cowan Brothers' warehouse, and had there learnt that it was sold on Satur day for Is. 6d. to a labouring man who had carried it away. Sewell, who lived at 26. Elizabeth-street, with Chapman tha caretaker, was this morning identified by a man named Herbert, employed by the firm, as being tbe person who bought the case. On hearing this Sewell owned up that not only had he made tha purchase, but thst he helped Sheridan to place the case in she buggy on Sunday evening. This, however, was only a prelude to more important state ments, for when tbe four accused, Thomas, Sheridan, Sewell. and the woman Chapman were taken to the morgue to view the body Sewell united with Chapman in declaring that it was that of a woman who had been admitted in the house and died there. On the other band, however, both Thomas and Sheridan stoutly maintained that they had never seen the woman on any pre vious occasion. Mrs. Nicholls is at present stopping at a friend's house in Paddington, aud is sc completely prostrated with grief and anxiety that fears are entertained about her. Her daughter Jessie was ona of a large family, all of whom not only sympathized with her in her shame but held her in the deepest affection. It is also asserted that her lover accompanied Mrs. Nicholls to Sydney with the object of inducing the girl to marry him and of braving the resentment of his wealthy relatives, who were averse to the alliance. At the Water Police Court to-day the four accused were charged, Sheridan with murdering Jessie Nicholls, Thomas, alirtM Edwards, with being concerned in the murder, and Chapman and Sewell with being accessories after the fact. The case, on tha application of the police, was adjourned for a week, bail being granted to Thorns* and Chapman. Sheridan is a well-known character at Paddington, where he consorted with a number of young fellows who thought he was Rood sport. It is believed that it was due to their influence that he was led at the general election of 1894 to offer himuMf as a candidate for the Padding ton Electorate, but finally seeing that he bad not the ghost of a chance of being supported by the Protectionist electors he withdrew. At that time he carried on business in Paddington as a chemist. (Lateb.] Late this evening further facts tran. spired that disclose thac the un fortunate girl, instead of beiag assisted in her time of trouble with soms degree of skill, was handled by two medical bunglers, who apparently operated on her with no semblinca nf surgical ability. Quite a new incident has been the disclosure that the opera tion in the first instance took placo in a house at Paddington on Thursday, and not at the Institute ss previously sur mised. On arrival at the Institute the girl was in a state of collapse, and then tho 6nal incision was made from the effects of which she died. . Dr. Rennie, the Government Patho logist, who has made a close examination of the body, states tbat he found that the roughest treatment had been, resorted to. A medical student wss slso present, and advised at these operations, and immediately after dsath he is said to have lefc the place and has not since been traced. Ia view of these disclosures it is &lm;'/et certain that the present charge against eome of tbe accused will be altered to one of a graver nature. 