,1:|AP.0F TWO " The bread is three pounds nine shillings ,1 " . " And tile milk ? " I queried. "I don't know, what the milk is. hut it won't leave . itself any longer until it's paid for." " And the butcher ? " iThere was'.a perfectly respectful, but firmly delivered Knock at the front door. '' " Tliere is the butcher," said Yvette, rising aflVightedlv from her wicker- work chair lie told' Ada yesterday, while He w'as cutting, the steak, that he meant to come up to-day aud see the master personally." " Tho master '» hurled himself before his wife's pretty red slippers and im plored her to save .him from this intei- view— to the cohsternution of Ada, who, having found her. second tap dis regarded, loomed apologetic in the ! "doorway. V " v'. ." Please, 'm, the' butcher.'' ," YdurAhistres3' will see him, Ada," I said,-.'wb'fukl%'hut'.;With a glance of agonised entreaty." rr : : " Coward !" Yvotto muttered dra matically, as she swopt past me on her way to tho dining-room. 1' followed her to the door, and saw through its crack that Mr.- Poulter, tho butcher, had already placed his tall, hat on one chair, and was sitting on another, with an unmistakable determination to come to aii understanding with the man who 'cowered ,from bohind a woman's skirts. ' "Don't give 'mo! up," I whispered after my wife. Say I'm in Spain." I leaned against the closed drawing- room door, listening to the noise of the field I had, fled. No words were to be distinguished, but. yet I could hear Yvetto's chirping treble rise and fall, and through it tho .Goorgian accom paniment of Mr. Poulter's indignant re proaches. Ages seemed to pass before the booming fire of the enemy slackened >. and ceased;, I followed Yvetto's voice through th'e.whblp campaign. I knew when sho was glad .' that Mr. Poulter had called, , when 'sho was distressed to ' hear how long the account had been standing,' ,and recognised tho graver tones in which,, she /expressed her regrot that my absence from homo had prevented .my seeing Mr. Poul- terpersonnlly, A lighter key succeeded, having; in it. something of triumph, and I knew that Mr. Poulter was for the time out-generaled and out-talked. I stepped out stealthily into the lio.ll, and throw the guilty evidence of my oWn soft hat into, the drawing-room ; my sympathy. With iny, wife was lead ing me to exebute the opening steps of a pas-dq-victpiro under the reindeer's head, when the dining-room door opened suddenly and I fled. ' From li chink in thb blind I watched Mr. Poulter go slowly away. The sun Was shining upon the two flowering laburnum trees swaying gently with the breeze,' and I could have wept wlien'I reflected that Nature permitted such a one as Mr. Poulter to co- exist with them on a June morning. My wife rejoined me dolefully, I twisted a littlo branch from the fire grate into a really effective laurel- cl'own, and I orowned her with it, but she took it off and said, bitterly, that it was " all very well." " I have beaten him off," she pur sued, gloomily ; "but I know it will be only for a little while." " Did you tell liirn I was in Spain j" " No," she replied, " I couldn't say anything so untruthful as that oven to save u3 from a butcher. Put I told him you were in Manchester, and I was expecting you home every doy. And I told him you positively panted to see him. But what's the good ?" she added, sitting down despairingly ; " oven if ho were burnt up to-morrow with all his hooks, there's tho fish monger, and the milkman, and the greengrocer, and tho man who hound Kipling in vellum. I know why it is — it's because we've had nothing but chops." ' " Tho judgment of heaven 1 ' I agreed. " Of course chops don't inspiro confidence. Order a saddle of mutton and have a dinner-party. I have always noticed that a policy of chops hastens the crisis;" As far as tho trades people wore concerned we could not in.vo thought of a better thing. The ten days before that dinner wore the calmest we had Bpent for months. The single knock almost coascd in the land. There grew about. us a sort ot virtuous hush, an ordered case, as of folk who paid weekly. "We touched the high water-mark of visionnry afflu ence the day I called at the Briar Farm Dairy, -and, complaining of the quality of the milk, ordered two quarts of double cream for tho dinner. "We asked tho nicest people we knew, and from a mere hoodwinking of creditors the dinner grew to a pleasing social prospect. We asked Suinmersalos, the colorist; Hicks-Hake, tho wall-paper designer; and Fawkesfield, the Socialist. The Johnsou-Dows camo and brought their cousin, the first violin ; then Malpas Smith, of the Sunday Sen- tinal, came with his wifo and sister. It was a nice littie party. Summer- snles, who lives ot Brighton, came to breakfast, and most of the others came about twelve o'clock. We had broad and cheese and beer for lunch, r.nd walked round our absurd littlo garden- plot, smoking pipes to kill the aphides on the rose-bushes, while Yvotte sat in the middle, playing the guitar. When the day clouded over wo re treated indoors to waltz in tho guests' .bedroom,, a Blue Beard chambor kept ever locked, because w.e had never beoii aple to furnish ,it with anything hut a slieif.for my boots. The locked; door gave a charming air of mystery to the house. I said that our family ghost walked there by night, the. " white curse of, the Careys," for which reason our faithful. Ada would pass the door bv night with the bolt of 'a rab bit, and Yyetto used herself to tell a story that if you looked through the koy-hole at midnight you would seo the floor of . polished oak, the walls hung with Flemish tapestry, and a great tester bod with drawn .curtains of cloth of gold. We danced there because dinner was laid in the dining- room, and the dimensions of the drawing-room would not permit even the swinging of a kitten. Haycraft's arrival in shiny evening- dress was a little check to our happi ness. He was the greengrocer, and wo owed him siktecn pounds seven shillings and twopence. Feeling that our purchase of a pine-apple would not soothe him sufficiently, Yvette had added thereto a. request for his services at table during the- banquet. I received him with stately cordiality, and beggod him to. draw himself a glass of beer to hearten himseif for his task. On his replying that he never touched any thing, I felt,, for tho first time, that his.. presence was a fatal error, and that ho would disapprove of us. He; did disapprove of us. He noted at the first glance as we trooped into ; the,, dining- room that : none of . us were in black. From theexprossionof lns"!ish- like right eyo (tho left was - dull' and. emotionless) as it fell on Summersales's: peacock-blue bow I gathered that the color ' displeased him, and ; though. Fawkesfield's jackot ') was buttoned over his breast, the eye : of ' Haycraft pierced its brown material and know of tho missing waistcoat which Fawkes field had removed when wo were play ing hall in the garden in the full heat of tho sun. Tho dinneritsolf was excollont. In ordering it wo hud spared no expense, and, as a cook, Ada is good and plain hut Haycraft knew as well as I did that nothing oh tho .table was /paid for, and wui tod morosely, ns. onp wlio was with us but not of us. My guests regarded him in return, with' ill- ' concealed aversion. ; Said Suminersales, in. a moment when the fish had taken Haycraft from us: "How do 'you do it, old. man V" "Do what?" I returned..; >1; " Why, harbor that '.sombre menial;, to be sure," said Suthmersales. " It jars with the worldly circumstances of your guests ; it is discourteous! I did my boots over, last night with lamp black and copal, that they might bear me debently hither, and you .'ll'out me to-day with your retainers." - . The' latter part of his statement could not have escaped Haycraft, who had noiselessly returned , to the room, bearing with him a made dish as if it . were the body of a murdered man. ' ' I turned my face from the face of Haycraft. It was not meet that I should crouch as I did before this proud serving-man. Had my eyes met his lie would havo read in. them the apology that was near my lips. "Haycraft," he would have read, " I confess it freely, the ways of the nobility and g9ntry, at whose tables you render your graceful service, are not my ways, nor tho ways of tnese, my simple friends, but, in the name of our common humanity, rolax a little among theso uncongenial surround ings." This I might havo said had not Ada come in ut that moment, say ing : " Please, sir, Mr. Claringhold." " Tho next room, Ado," I said ; "light the lamp with the red shade, and say that Mrs. Carey will ho with hiin in a " but before the seutence could be completed a heavy step fell in tho doorway, and my Unole James's grey eyebrows wore lowering on the revelers. His glance swept the room. I watched it pass Suminersale's necktie, and count the Tasman'iun apples in the dish, at the same time tbut it noted my acute discomfort. Unclo James's massive gold watcli- chain (hall-marked on every link) sought to detain my eye, but I avoided its fascinations, and turned to tho others. "Yvette — Mrs. Johnson-Dow — Summersales, this is my uncle, Mr. James Claringhold." ; Yvotto rushed to the brench ; sho clasped his large hands, sho seemed to nestle against tho massive curvo of his | waistcoat. He softened. a little, bowed to tho company a guarded, not nego- ! tiable bow, and sat down. Wo exhi bited to tho full the parasitical traits of the artist class, fawning with one j accord upon this hard-featured old man, with tho stiff grey whiskers meeting his shaven chin. No words of mine were needed to oxplnin that this man oozed capital at every pore. When he said the sky hud an unsettled appoaranco for the first week in June wo loudly deplored in chorus the shortcom ings of our climate, and grew jealous of tho conversational success of Hicks- Hake, who boldly inquired the fooling in tho City about tho hop prospect. This must have touched Uncle James, for he gracefully brought forward tho subject of art, which he told us he had himself encouraged to some extent during the presont year by becoming the purchaser of "Your Turn Next" (little girl bathing dachshunds). Then Summersales took up the word, saying that this was in his opinion the pic ture of the year, a picture lost to tho nation by the nation's apathy and the prompt discrimination of Mr. Claringhold. Then the June ovoning died happily away, red and gold among tho labur nums and the little poplars on tho lawn, and in the grey haze of our cigarette smoke within. My good guests pressed Uncio Claringbold'B hand and bade us farewell ; Ada tripped about sotting the lamps and candles and drawing tho curtains, and Yvotto and I came back from the hall to sit ovor the deserted table, face to face with Unclo James. I am his only living kinsman, and my Unclo J amos is an uncle pur sang. My.fanoy cannot picture; :him as .ade quately supporting any other relation- ship. ' ; . . Fifteen — sixteen: — years before this dinner-party I had last seen Uncle James. Scarlet fever had broken out in my. father's household, and I was sent in quarantine to Eltham, thoro to partako of my uncle's un willingly extended hospitality. Ho sat here to-night at my table, with the rod flush of the lamp , mantling his features and his largo, red hands covering his knees, just as he had sat' in his horse-hair chair in the littlo library at Eltham on that feil day when my aunt- lod mo thither, with the guilt hot on my brow. I had been reading " Ivan hoe " that after noon, and knew no happiness till I had burded and caparisoned a chair with an arrangement of string and the strap of my box. Thus equipped I had felt myself free to regard it as a Spanish jennot champing the bit so fiercely that I recognised the necessity for . haltering it with my handkerchief to the knob of tho door before I hurried away, lightly armed with a large wooden Japanese paper- knife, to seek harness for myself. In an evil moment I found- my uncle's leather hat-box in his dressing-room. I removed the' cover and was thought fully ruffling the nap of the Sunday liat, when its empty recoptaclo struck .me in the light of a matchless, tilting- helmet. Misguided boy 1 I completed the re'sora bianco by cutting holes for sight and air with my pocket-knife. 1 had cause to wish later that I had also provided for the sense of hearing. Two minutes afterwards I was in the saddle, hewing my desperato way through a jrout of Saracens to regain the Chris-, tian hosts, when my aunt fell upon the with ' overwhelming force. On tny uncle's return from the city I was led, disarmed and humiliated, to the library, my aunt accompanying mo with the evidcnco of crime — a veritable helmet of Mambrino, which had re- assumed by foul enchantment the form .of an injured. hat-box. Tho soldier,; of ;the cross was beaten, and painfully be'aton, with the flat of his own good sword — with tho Japanese paper-knife, in fact. ... - ' . " A heartless act of destruction," said Uncle Jaiucs, breathing himself after the unwonted, exercise ; "only yesterday I encouraged you 'in your idle sports with sixpence, the initial cost of tho game of ball, merely stipu lating that it should .be played out of reach of my : windows; I have in dulged your -inclination for "marbles, believing that; that amusement, in the .company ; of. .' other' . boys, fosters- sound commercial; instincts, and you repay my gonerosity by secrotly injuring my hat-box. I. wash mv hands of you. You niust be. a boy of. destructive and - immoral - ten dencies." Somehow, after that visit wo drifted apart. Ten years later I had written to. condole with him on tho doath of my aunt, and was rewarded in due course by a black-edged card with a gloomy text on it. Feeling that this must havo estab lished a cordial feeling T wrote again ori the occasion of tho good fortune of my life — my improvidont marririge— and drew from my uncle, a stiff note of congratulation and a plated fish-slice. Then came- the wolf to prowl round our little house on "Wandsworth Common, and in tho spasm of agony following the return of my manuscript novel by Mao Murray, the publisher, I he- thought me of my Uncle James, tho lonely rich man who had succeeded in jute, and I wrote him another lettor, telling him in well-chosen and heart- rendiug phrases of our domestic diffi culties. Ten days passed, and the letter — always a forlorn hopo — was almost forgotten, and now — a turn of for tune's wheel — and Unole James was upon us 1 He had drawn my unfor tunate letter from his pocket, and had stuck it up against a decanter for reference. "I have here," lie said, "a letter from yourself." I could seo from my placo our Wandsworth add ress embossed in little blue capitals at the head of the missive in question. . . , It is with reference to its contents that I have called on you this evening. A natural pity for tho son of my poor sistor Emma was aroused "It was very kind," I began to falter, but ho raised his hand to hush me, and went on : " Was aroused by your romarlc that you wore ' receiving your last crust ot the grudging band of grim poverty.'" Mr. Claringhold peered through his spectacles to verify this quotation, which, even at that moment, struck me as having a charming literary flavor, and added : ; "To-duy it would appour that you have found tho moans to supplement that crust with some description of animal food." . I hung my head snd touched Yvetto's foot undar tho tablo with a top of agonised entreaty. " I think," continued Unclo James, with a further reference to the docu ment before him—" I think I am now in a position to woigh your description of your homo ' made grey and desolate by tho — or — blighting wing of un deserved misfortune.? " As ho rolled out tho phrase it sounded so well that I wondered, even in that awful moment, how any pub lisher could have refused a novel of mine. " I find you,'' he went on, " ban queting with light-hearted companions. I find you-: " Dear Unclo James," said Yvotte, her lovely eyes filling with tears, " do not misjudge us because of our surroundings. I can hardly tell you how deceptive appearances are in the presont case." As she spoke, the tide of Unclo James's sarcasm suddonly ebbed ; he sat moodily, picking almonds and raisins from tho dish before him, and chowing them as if they wore the cud of bitter reflection. Said Yvotte : "This banquet, as you term it, is our last effort — the last blow wo can strike. ' My husband is a . novelist. o /;D.eac, UJncle.., Juniqs .you know tho -reuiV«ttInts'-b£;.'tlia.e.ypreV carious.calling! ' " On the.' cfltrary," eaid Uncle James, "it is a ineans of livelihood of which I understand but. little." "You must.ha.yo soon,"' continued Yvette, "the clurk-haired man with: a b.-ard trimmed to a point, who sat in the seat where I am now," Uncle James was giving his atten tion, but possibly I listened -with even more 'interest-,'?:;. It did not occur to ' me what part my old friend •¦Fawkes field played in the -affairs; of our house. -A" - "That inafi," said Yvette, "was MacMurrny, -the' publisher."- ' "Bless my soul 1'.' said Uncle James, feeling that some remark was required of him. I- think I 'gasped- at tlie same time, but Yvette wont on : " We are in . the. last stuge of po verty, and .at tlie cost of my few remaining articlesjof jewellery .we have pandered to that ico n's lower nature. Under the ' -softening influence in lamb and pens,.-' of Burgundy, and a confection of whipped cream, I have appealed to this man, a well-known gourmand, to consider a new novel by, my husband. I had almost succeeded when the gooseberry tart camo to table imperfectly sweetened. Iio tasted it, I saw his brows knit, and I knew that all was lost.'' "I had no idea,'' said Uncle James, " that such things were possible. But, admitted that this extravagance in the matter of viands were an advisablo one, how do you, in your present-cir cumstances, justify the presence of a man-servant at table ?" Without replying for tho moment, Yvette, rosB'O from-h'qr,'. spat a'nd. un-' fastened h tlie 'door'' cof tliS'' sideboard with a key hanging - at - her; girdle ; she had turnbdruihcr pale and looked prettier than ever. . " These files on tho top shelf," sho said, " are ali tradesmen's bills.. . They now amount to nearly one hundred pounds. The patience of these people has boon ex hausted at last-, and.ah 1 how can I tell yhu, an upright merchant.- knowing nothing of these things— the man wait-: ing at table to-day is a man in pos session. .For .his dreadful trade he is' not a harsh man, and when I told him myself .of, our. hopes in; giving; this dinner to-night, ho offered to con- ' ceal the reason for , his presence by assuming an old dross . suit belong ing; to .ray Husband's father, and — arid — — " ' , , ",Vi, - Here Yvette broke down and sobbed upon Unole J amcs's shoulder. A little more and I should have sobbed myself. I think Uncle James behaved well. He exacted from me a promise that I would quit my present occupation, offering me instead a stool in his office— a stool and possibilities. I would have refused,, bub I caught Yvetto's eyo and accepted with emo- tioWl Ami then Uncle James sat down and called .for e blotting-pad. We wont over tho bills together and Uncle James, under Yvette's witchery, drew us a cheque — a bright crisp cheque — to cover the whole amount. Holding this in his hand he made me solemnly protest that I would never incur another liability, and when that vow .was accomplished he handed the cheque to Yvette, and then he kissed her, and I felt that he bought that privilege cheaply. So he left us. - On tho next day we paid them ell — butcher, baker, pandlestick-makor and Haycraft. Perhaps it was owing to the nowB of the banquet that few of tiiom seemed surprised when Yvette and I came with the canvas bag of gold and notes from Martin's, and gave each man his duo. Indeed, if we had not been so happy, tho proceeding would havo seemed somo what flat. These people behaved as if the payment of accounts were an every-day proceeding. We paid them all, and yet money romained in tho bag — four sovereigns and some silver. Mr. Poulter, the butcher, we paid last, and ho was moved to ask for a continuance of our custom. He pointed out at the same timoa glorious sirloin as an example of the typo of meat lie could rncommond for it3 English and unfrozon quaiitiea. It was too lorge for three, but I think the sight put it into my heart to propose to Yvotte on our way back that we should inaugurate our new and solvent enreor with a second and moro humble banquet, to the friends whom we were entertaining on the occasion of Unclo Jainoa's intrusion. We did so. Fawkcsliold was there— r'Fawkesfield and tho Johnson-Dows, Hicks-Hake, and the violinist, Suminersales, and all . who woro round us on that eventful 1 evening. In the morning Mr. Poulter \- himself had brought tho glorious sir- loin. To oomploto ' tho hallowed association, wo engaged Haycraft to lift the cover — a now Hay- crnft, n ho broko tho pledge during the morning on bottled stout, and, in the course of tho afternoon, consummated this injury to his prin- i ciplcs with mixed potations. Ilis face i shono with enthusiasm. I heard his ' genial laugh behind my chair at ovory i'rosh witticism from Malpas-Smith. Ho filled glasses and handed plates as individual acts of homage to art and letters embodied in our persons. It was a far more successful dinner than the last. That had been a funeral feast, this was a species of christening-party. I told thein so. I told them that henceforth I was no more of Bohemia, but of Murk Lane, and thoy drank uproariously the health of the new-born respectability. Yvette looked prettier and moro charming than over. I foit certain everyone must envy me. Even tho pnssors-by turned their heads at the sound of our mirth, and gazed in across the strip of front garden at our feast. We had not pulled the blinds down. Why should we grudge ocheis the pleasure of witnessing our enjoyment. Wo sat long at table, and tho shadows deepened ; the lamp, tho ono with tho red shado, was lighted. I believe Haycraft was onjoving. himself as much as any of u3. Suddenly a crisp sound broke through tho noise of our gaioty. I heard it boldly. What had I to fear from any footstop, or any knock, singjo or double? But no kiiock came)ancl !' "T" sawYvcitte, wh o faced tho window, turn . suddenly pule, " Uncle James 1" she cried, and the gravel crunched - again, and ho was gone. .- Wo tried to 'rotie .tho thread of jollity so rudoly sovored, but it was a poor attempt. Our friends soon left us, resolving, no doubt, to be cautious in tho future how they accepted invi tations to houses where uncles might occur at any moment. Yvette and I were left looking at each other. \- "Lot's hope tho best," she said at last, "if I could only seem him I could explnin." " Of course you could," I said ; " when my last account is presontod I only hope you will be allowed to go through it nnd oxplain the items. But we shall never see Unole James again." Nor have we.. The next morning's post brought us a letter from him, in which he briefly stated his opinion of me, and pointed out how hopeless a thing it was to help a man who, when helped, plunged at once into such sickening, heartless extravagance as to bring again upon his hearth' within ton dnya the baneful shadow of tho minion of the law. - He added that my wife was too good for me, in which I quite agroe with him. "I'm sorry, dear," said Yvette, and it serves me right for' the stories I told, for thoy wero whoppers. Why couldn't I havo told him about the pine-apple being so inadequate ? The publisher tulo was all right. It was tho butler. I never tell alio without regretting it-. . Cheer up. All the dobts are paid, any'way,- Perhaps he'll leave me something in his -.will.". But I don't think that's likely — at any rote, not while I'm alive. 