THE CARDINAL AT PADDIRGTON. ANOTHER SPLENDID ADDRESS. A MASTERLY REVIEW 03? CHURCH HISTORY. THE RESULTS OP THE ' REFORMATION.' The Cardinal- Archbishop, at the laying of the corner-stone of St. Francis' new school, Paddington, on Sunday last, delivered the following address : — TRUTH AND TRAVESTY. During the past few weeks, as the opportunity presented itself, I have replied to the difficulties rjrnnnsprl Viv mv orifip.a in +V10 mntfrpr rvP t.Vie TJ.Piininn of Christendom. To-day the task which I propose to myself is different. I would wish to sketch for you some of the prominent features of this Catholic Church which, through the voice of the chief Pastor, the successor of St. Peter, now invites the various heretical communions to return to the one fold. (Applause.) I would wish to present her to our non- Catholic fellow-citizens, not ae she is tra vestied by those who assail her, but as she in reality is, radiant with the light and comeliness with which she was endowed by our Elessed Lord. (Applause.) Too many of those outside her fold are the victims of prejudice. They have inherited an insuperable antipathy to everything Catholic. Hatred of the Church has become a sort of second nature to them. Their attitude in her regard as sketched by Cardinal Newman half a century ago is pretty much the same at the present day. ' Ihe living Church (he says) is the test of' all false churches ; therefore get rid of her at all hazards, tread her down, gag her, dress her like a felon, starve her, bruise her features, if you would keep up your mumble-jumble in its place of pride. By no manner of means give her fair play ; you dare not. The dazzling brightness of her glance, the sanctity beaming from her countenance, the melody of her voice, the grace of her movements, will be too much for you- Blacken her, make her Cin derella in the ashes ; do not hear a word she says.' VIEWED WITHOUT PREJUDICE. It is time that these vain prejudices would be laid aside. At the close of the 19th century it is no less trua than it has been in the past, that it is impossible to know the Catholic Church as she in reality is, without recognizing her divine mission and embracing the heavenly tenets which she proposes. The Church may be justly styled a school of hea venly doctrine, a source and centre of social bless ings, a sanctuary of piety, a home of worship. But it is much more than all this. It is described by the prophet as the city of God set upon the mountain summit, whither all nations shall bend their steps to learn the divine law. It is God's spiritual kingdom upon earth. All other kingdoms have their growth and decay. Of all of them it shall be written, they were and they have ceased to be. But ' this king dom shall not pass away.' The enemies of God shall never cease to marshal all their strength against it ; but ' the gates of hell shall not prevail.' The divine decree has gone forth that ' no weapon hurled against it shall prosper,' and that ' every hand raised against it shall perish.' The Church is a new creation upon earth, sustained by divine power, enlightened by the presence of the Incarnate 'Word, and guided by the Holy Ghost, who abides la it. It is the temple of God among men ; from its celestial entablature the light of sanctity and truth shines out upon a world sunk in corruption and darkness ; at its ever-open gates stand the heralds of the Gospel, who call aloud to the generations as they pass ; and from within its portals comes like the sound ef many waters the chants of those who are redeemed, whose alleluias echo through the ages of eternity. The scattered members of the Church form the family of God, ' the one family on earth and in Heaven,' as the Apostle expresses it. A hundred persons may live together under the same root, they may share the same ideas, and be guided by the same principles, yet all that will not suffice to make them one family. In Holy Church all have received a new life from God, and all are clothed with the brotherhood of our Blessed Lord. In the words of St. Cyprian, ' he cannot have God for his Father, who has not the Catholic Church for his mother.' i POUNDED AND GUIDED BY GGD. The Church was instituted by Christ, complete in its organization and quickened by a divine life, for the special purpose to perpetuate His presence on earth, to announce to men His doctrine of life, to impart to them the light and strength and graces of which they stand in need,, and to hand on from age to age the treasures of mercy and the manifold blessings of. Redemption. She has received from her divine Founder authority to teach in all matters \ regarding faith and morals, and in her teaching she \ is preserved from error by the special guidance of \ the Holy Ghost. The Redeemer Himself came \ teaching with a divine authority, and He com \missioned the chosen disciples to perpetuate the iB.ame authoritative teaching : ' As the Father hath sent Me, so I also send you' (John xx. 21). When He announced to them ' all power,' or, as the taisrinal text more definitely expresses it, 'all lominion ' was given to Him in Heaven and on arth, He by virtue of that supreme dominion im jirted to them the marvellous commission ' Go ye therefore and teach all nations',' 'Preach the (pspel to every creature ;' ' Ye shall be witnesses Uto Me in Jerusalem and in all Judea and Sniaria, and even to the uttermost parts of the edth' (Matthew xxviii., 19 ; Mark xvi., 15 ; Acts i.,B). And the divine sanction was added : ' He tht believeth shall be saved ; he that believeth noishall be condemned' (Mark xvi., 16). 1 AUTHORITATIVE TEACHING. ach authoritative teaching cannot betray us into errd, for God is truth itself, and what is imparted to uby His authority cannot but be the lessons of trutl 'it pleased Our Divine Saviour, however, to set via matter in the clearest light, and to clothe it withWeial evidence. . He declared to the Apostles that He would Himself be ' with them all days even I the consummation of the world.' (Matthew xxviii20). He, who was ' the way, the truth, and the lfe,' would be with them to guide them in their tWhing, and to preserve them from error, and that nofor one century alone, but ' all days,' without intermission, even 'to the end of the ?world.' \ Again He comforted them by the divine promisevthat the Father would send to them the Paraclefc' to abide with them for ever,' and He adds ' \Ven Ho, the Spirit of truth, shall come, He ?will teadyou all truth' (John xiv. 16, xvi. 13). The Chutfa. Was to be ' the pillar and the ground of truth.' It was to be built upon the rock — the storms and tempests of Satan and of a sinful world would ever rage around it in vain, ' the gates of hell shall not prevail against it.' Thus it is that the children of the Church rest secure in the guidance of her teaching. She is not like the blind guides who lead the blind. She cannot err. As the compass gives security to the mariner to attain the port of his destination, so shall the Church, if we follow her teaching, infallibly con duct us to the city of God in Heaven. The Redeemer further teaches that we are to receive the Church's teaching even as we would listen to His own divine voice. He was not content with the terrible denunciation : ' He that will not hear the Church, let him be to thee as the heathen and the publican,' but He adds, 'He that heareth you, heareth Me ; he that despiseth you, despiseth Me ; and he that despiseth Me, despiseth Him that sent Me.' (Luke x, 16.) The Apostle St. John in his first epistle dwells particularly on this marvellous commission of Our Blessed Lord, and declares it to be a test of the spirit of truth and the sphit of darkness : 'We are of God: he that knoweth God, heareth us ; he who is not of God, heareth us not. By this we know the spirit of truth and the spirit of error.' (I. John iv., 6.) HER DISTINCTIVE FEATURES. It will be asked what are the distinctive features by which this true Church of Christ may be known. It was foretold that sectaries would arise and assume to themselves the style and title of the Christian name. How then were the true Church and the genuine disciples of Our Blessed. Lord to be distinguished from the spurious associations that would call themselves Christ's fold ? The chief marks of the Church of God are presented to us in the Nicene Creed, when we profess our faith in the ' one Holy, Catholic, and Apostolic Church.' So perfect is the Unity with which Christ endowed His Church that He compares it to the all-perfect unity of the three divine Persons. He moreover ex pressly declares that this unity was to be so charac teristic as a seal of Heaven upon His Church, that by it His own divine mission would be proclaimed, and His true followers would be known. The Apostle particularly exhorts the faithful to preserve with watchful care this divine gift of unity : ' Be careful to keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond, of peace : one body and one spirit, even as also you were called in one hope of your calling; one Lord, one Faith, one baptism, one God and Father of all.'' (Ephesians iv., 3.) He repeatedly put them on. their guard against those who would sow dissension, amongst them and lead them away from the doctrine of truth which they had received : ' I be seech you, brethren, to mark them who are causing divisions and oitences contrary to the doctrine which, you have learned, and turn away from' them.' (Rom. xvi., 17.) ' I beseech you, brethren, through the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, that you all speak the same thing, and that there be no divisions among you ; but that you be perfected together in the same mind and in the same judgment.'' (1 Corinth, i., 10.) THE PERFECT UNITY. The Fathers in the early ages loved to dwell on this distinguishing feature of the Church. ' The Church (says St. Cyprian) sends forth her rays over the whole earth ; yet, the light is one, and her unity is undivided. He that does not hold this unity of the Church, can he ^imagine that he holds the faith r He that opposes and withstands the Church, can he trust that he is in the Church ? Whosoever is separated from the Church, is cut off from the promises of the Church. Whosoever deserts the Church of Christ, obtains not the rewards of Christ. He is an alien, he is an enemy. He cannot have God for his father, who has not the Church for his mother.' St. Athanasius also writes, that on account of this perfect unity of the Church, whosoever falls away from her communion, neither is nor can be called a Christian. Lactantius is not less emphatic when he declares that 'the Catholic Church alone retains the true worship. This is the source of truth, this is the dwelling of faith, into which he that enters not, and from, which he that goes out, forfeits the hope of life and of eternal salvation.' AT THE PRESENT DAY AS IN THE PAST. Does not the Catholic Church at the present day present in a most perfect way the realization of that religious unity ? Those who are enrolled in her communion will be found to vary in their opinions and in their action as regards everything except religion. (Hear, hear. ) They may differ in their education, in their character, in their modes of thought ; they may differ in language, in habits of life, in sympathies and prejudices. But in religion they are* all of one mind and one heart. (Applause.) They will be found to vary as regards nationality and political principles, but whatever may be their tongue or race, be they French or German, Spa niards or Americans, all are united in the sacred bonds of Catholic brotherhood. They all profess the same divine faith, are obedient to the same spiritual authority, kneel at the same altar, embrace the same inspired Scripture, approach the same Sacraments, and offer the same supreme worship of sacrifice to the Most High. The same living voice of God cheers, instructs, and comforts. (Applause.) Whether we be rich or poor, peasants or princes, statesmen or toilers of the soil, there exists throughout the whole Catholic world a reli gious unity so perfect and divine, so voluntary and unfettered, and yet so absolute and complete, that the faithful in Samoa and the scientists in Paris, the neophytes of Zanzibar and the enlightened citizens of New York, will give the same answer to any question on the doctrine and authority and worship of Holy Church that may be proposed to them. (Applause.) A Catholic may travel over the broad world, he will find his church everywhere with the same doctrine preached, the same sacra ments administered, the same sacrifice offered up ; and looking to the past he may reckon among his teachers St. Peter at Rome, St. Paul at Ephesus, St. Ambrose at Milan, St. John Chrysostom at Antioch, St. Patrick in Ireland, St. Augustine in England, St. Bernard at Citeaux, St. Francis Xavier in India, St. Francis de Sales in Geneva. Oh, grand and glorious unity, that brings us into sacred fellowship with all that is best and holiest in past ages, and makes the Church on earth one with the Church in Heaven ! (Applause.) WHY TRUTH TRIUMPHS OVER HERESY. The secret of all this is that the unity of the Church is not the work of man, but is a new crea tion achieved by the infinite wisdom and power of God. Just as the rays of the sun, the whole world oyer, progeed from, the same source, bo from God comes the light and life that quickens the whole Catholic Church. Hence it is that heresy is so great a crime. It seeks to undo the work of God, to revolt against His authority, to turn men away from the fountains of His mercy, to set at naught the blessings of His bounty and love. The Sacred Scripture is given to the Church as a bulwark of her unity. She guards the inspired books as a divine deposit, a precious heritage, and commends their use to her children. But here heresy pretends its claim. It would take the Bible for its bond of unity, and under its banner it would wage war against the Church of God. Is not this a case in which the test of experience may be well applied ? It is more than three hundred years since heresy in the 16th century put forward the Bible as if it were independent of the Church, to be interpreted accord ing to each one's private judgment, and proclaimed it to be the one great source of orthodoxy, the invio lable pledge of the sacred unity with which Christ endowed His Church. Let us ask what Is the lesson that the experience of these three centuries teaches ? THE BIBLE AND DISUNION. From every land in Christendom comes the response that the Bible so interpreted is not a bond of union but, on the contrary, has proved itself a source of interminable divisions and confusion. The learned Walton, in the preface to his Polyglot Bible, tells us how it Avas in England only one hundred years after the Bible was proclaimed to be such a source of divine faith : ' Aristarchus heretofore (he says) could scarce find seven wise men in Greece ; but, with us, scarce are to be found so many idiots. For all are doctors, all are divinely learned ; there is not so much as the meanest fanatic who does not give you his own dreams for the word of God. The bottomless pit seems to have been opened, from whence a smoke has arisen which has darkened the heaven and the stars, and locusts have come out with stings, a numerous race of sectaries and heretics, who have renewed all the ancient heresies, andinvented many monstrous opinions of their own. These have filled our cities, villages, camps, houses, nay, our pulpits, too, and lead the poor deluded people with them to the pit of perdition.' CANNOT CEASE TO BE HOLY. The Church is Holy. Holiness is of the very essence of this family of God. The Apostle teaches , that ' Christ loved the Church and delivered Him self up for it ; that He might sanctify it, cleansing it by the laver of water in the word of life : that He might present it to Himself a glorious Church not having spot or wrinkle or any such thing, but that it should be holy and without blemish.' (Ephes. v. 25.) The Church cannot cease to be holy ?without ceasing to exist. The quickening source of its sanctity is the Holy Ghost, who abides in it, guides it, and controls its destiny. \- The Church is radiant with the holiness of its Founder, Our Blessed Lord. Her doctrine is holy, coming direct from God Himself. Her sacraments are the fountains of divine mercy, from which flow the perennial streams of redemption to sanctify the faithful. Her sacrifice is the very sacrifice of Calvary perpetuated on our altars by God's infinite power and love, and through it the prophecy is fulfilled ' from the rising of the sun to the going down thereof, a pure oblation is offered to the Most High, and great is my name among the nations, saith the Almighty.' The Church is holy, for, in the Communion of Saints, earth is linked with Heaven, and the angels and saints and our heavenly Queen plead in our behalf at the throne of mercy. 'Moreover, the Church is fruitful in her sanctity, and from age to age has unfailingly produced, and will ?ever produce, a glorious band, of saints, a bright and godly array of men and women, of pontiffs and priests, who by the heroic practice of all Christian ' virtues, offer to the world noble examples of purity and chastity and devotion, of zeal and prayer and fortitude, of humility and meekness and Christian .self-denial. THE MOTHER OF SAINTS. The saints are living witnesses to the holiness of the mother who has borne them. The Church is also holy in the heavenly charismata of miracles and prophecy and other supernatural gifts, which from time to time, reveal the abiding presence of the glory of God. She is holy in the exuberance of her works of charity to alleviate the sufferings and miseries of our fallen nature. To those who would ask : ' What sign dost thou show unto us that we may believe?' the Church through Christ's bless ing may reply in His own sacred words : 'The blind see, the lame walk, the lepers are cleansed, the deaf hear, the dead rise again. The ?works which I do give testimony of Me that the Father hath sent Me.' But all are not saints. It is the divine decree that the tares be permitted to grow up together with the good grain till the a-eckoning day. If a Christian does evil and quits the paths of virtue, it is not her work. It is because lie disobeys the Church and neglects the means of grace which are within his reach. He who is obedient to the Church, constant in his exercises of piety, and faithful to habitual prayer, to frequent ing the sacraments, to Christian instruction, and in devotion to the Blessed Virgin and the saints, will infallibly and quickly become holy, and will love God and his neighbours with his whole heart. a convert's declaration. I have said that the Church is the fruitful mother of saints. A'distinguished American con vert tells us of the difficulty Avhich he felt as a Pro testant when he contrasted the Anglican Church of modern times with the saints of old : ' I looked ?wistfully back (he says) to those distant agee, hazy with a far-off glory, when virtues grew colossal, and devotion burned at a white heat. I knew there were giants in those days; their heroic forms loomed upon me through the golden mist of the past. And I thought of our dwarfishness, and of the cold, calculating, niggardly piety of the pre sent.' On being received into the Catholic Church he saw with joy that the bright vision of san«tity of olden times was reproduced among her children. 'Oh, the rush of indescribable joy which broke over me when I first began to study the lives and the ?writings of the Catholic saints of modern times. The new world rose not more fair from the sea before the eyes of the Genoese navigator than did to me these undiscovered Islands of the Blessed. Here were the delights inexhaustible of which I had only distantly dreamed. Here was the lost race of saints which I had fancied long extinct. Oh, holy Church ! Oh bountiful Mother ! who at the very time when men called thee barren, didst have for thy children an Ignatius, a Francis Xavier, a Charles Borromeo, a Theresa, an Aloysius, a Philip Neri ; who in these latter t days hast nourished a Francis de Sales, and a Vuv i cent de Paul ; who almost in our own times hast given us an Alphonsus Liguori, and a Paul o£ the Cross.' (Applause.) And again he adds : ' In the joy of the present I cannot forget what now seems the gloom of the past. I have been brought into the fragrant garden ; and I think of the weary wilderness. I have drunk of the flowing fountain, and I remember the broken cisterns over which I once laboured — ?? Tbo toil OE dropping buolrots into ompty wella, And growing old in drawing nothing up.' THE CHURCH THE SAME EVERYWHERE. The Church is Catholic, everywhere the same, everywhere complete, yet spread throughout the whole world. This distinctive feature of the Church is so easily recognized that the wayfaring man, no matter how unin structed he may be, cannot err by it. Indeed, there is only one Church that puts forward a claim to be the Universal Church, only one that, as a matter of fact', is to be met with everywhere. Others can only pretend to be fragments of the Universal Church. They are local, and are not spread throughout the world. The great Doctor St. Augustine declares that the very name of Catholic in the ways of Divine Providence marks out the one true Church. There is one Church, and one alone, which the whole world calls Catholic, and thus the common sense of mankind becomes witness to the Church of Christ. He thus writes : ' We are to hold the com munion of that Church which is Catholic, and which is called Catholic, not only by her own children, but mou uy mi iic» tjiicii-iico, xui, iij. apiLe oi uneniseiveS; even heretics and schismatics, when speaking not with thoir own set but with strangers, call the Catholic Church nothing else but the Catholic . Church ; for they would not be understood if they did not call her by the name by which all the world calls her.' In another place he declares that he was held in the Church ' by the very name of Catholic, which this Church alone, amid so many heresies, has justly so appropriated that, though all heretics wish to be callpd Catholics, yet if a stranger asks them where is the Catholic Church ? not a heretic o£ them all will dare show you his own Church.' (Applause.) THE APOSTOLIC CHARACTER OF THE CHURCH. The apostolicity of the Church implies the hand ing on in an unbroken line the commission given by Christ to the Apostles and sealed by the Holy Ghost on the first Christian Pentecost. No upstart association can have a claim to be the Church of Christ. To justify such a claim you must hold the Apostolic lineage and title-deeds handed on from age to age with due mission and jurisdic tion. In the College of the Apostles all were united with St. Peter as their head. Throughout the course of ages that Apostolic type must ever be roalized in the Church of Christ. The centre of spiritual authority must be the supreme Episcopal Chair, on which first sat the Prince of the Apostles and which from the dayo of Pt. Peter to those of Leo XIII, has been known and honoured as the Apostolic See. Any church whose title-deeds to the faith do not date from the Apostolic age, and whose mission was not sanctioned by the Apostolic See — whose commission has only come from Ccesar — no matter how powerful the throne may be, such caimot be recognized as the Church of Christ. (Ap plause.) THE CLAIMS OF ANGLICANISM. How can the Anglican Church claim to be Apos tolic, whilst it has torn itself away from the Apos tolic See, and chosen for itself Csosar as its head instead of St. Peter to whom Christ committed the charge of the whole flock ? It is from Archbishop Parker that the present Anglican hierarchy de scends. Ask him whence did he receive his mis sion and commission and jurisdiction to exercise 'the office of a bishop in the Church of God.' The whole Church, in England in those days, pastors and people, the Bishops, the convocation, the univer sities, maintained the authority of the Pope and repudiated the claim put forward by the Crown. (Hear, hear.) Queen Elizabeth's pretensions were supported only by the Parliament, and it was by her commission alone that Parker was appointed Archbishop of Canterbury. So far as the Church in England had a voice, she repudiated his mission, and marshalled against him her faith, her union with St. Peter, her sacraments, her worship, her ritual, her authority. (Applause.) Archbishop Parker enters on his office commissioned, not by St. Peter, but by the Crown, professedly bearing another faith, other worship, other sacraments, and ordered under another ritual. Surely this is not the Apostolicity which is the characteristic of the one Holy Catholic Church. (Hear, hear.) HERESIES WILL ARISE. We are taught by the Apostle that heresies will from time to time arise to war against the Church He even declares ' it is necessary that heresies should be' (1 Corinth, xi.). The pride and pas sions of man will not abide by the lessons and re straints which divine faith imposes, and will search out plausible pretexts to justify their revolt. But Providence has so decreed that every heresy that arises will only serve to purify the Church and to make more resplendent the lustre of her heavenly mission. THE RESULTS OF HERESY. Take Arianism for instance. Peace had scarcely been restored to the Church by the victory of Con stantine over Maxentius, when this terrible heresy arose. In a few years it took hold of the Imperial Court and through court influence it spread so rapidly through the East and the West, that it seemed to claim the dominion of the whole world. But it gradually decayed, and within 300 years it almost entirely disappeared. How did this heresy react upon the Church ? It purified the Church and relieved it of the corruption that had endea voured to obtain the mastery over it. By Constan tine's victory peace was restored to the Church and the Cross was emblazoned on the Imperial laborum. Yet, despite all these material advantages, evils fol lowed in' its train. To be a Christian became all of a sudden a matter of fashion and of interest. The corruptions of paganism found it expedient to as sume the name without the reality or virtues of the Christian life, and many a fervent soul was heard to lament that the earnestness and piety, the self- denial and charity, which were so remarkable during the days of pernecution, had ceased to be distinctive of the Christian families. When therefore the Arian heresy became patronized by the Court, an opportu nity was given to all that was corrupt to seek a more genial atmosphere free from the restraints of Catho lip morality, Thus the Arian heresy drew away the poisonous humours, and the Church being freed from so much corruption, though hambled and afflicted n a temporal sense, entered on a new era of fervour, characterized by the piety of its children and the exemplary observance of Christian duties, The at tacks of the Arians also served to awaken the ardour and energies of the champions of orthodoxy, and there are no brighter names among the great Doc tors and Fathers and expositors of the Sacred Scripture than those who adorned the century that followed the first General Council of Nicea, in which Arius and his heresy were condemned. THE PROTESTANT REFORMATION. Whilst we thus speak of the happy results that in the ways of Providence followed from the Arian heresy do we not seem to sketch the history of the results of the Protestant Reformation ? Once more in many countries piety had grown cold, and corrup tion had assumed the mask of the Christian name. The Protestant heres3r arose, and almost instinc tively, all who were seared of conscience or restless under the yoke of Chiistian morality, and weary of the restraints imposed upon their pride and pas sions, rushed into the new channel now opened lor them. The Catholic Church was purified. Even her enemies are constrained to admire the literary activity that ensued, the development of her religious orders, and her untiring energy on the mission field. (Applause.) And as regards those ?who fell away from the Church, the words of St. Cyprian were in the fullest sense verified. ' Let no one imagine (he thus writes) that virtuous men and good Christians ever leave the bosom of the Church; it is not the wheat that the wind carries away, but the chaff ; trees deeply rooted are not blown down by the breeze, but those which have no roots. It is rot ten fruits that fall off the trees, not sound ones ; bad Catholics become heretics, as sickness is engen dered by bad humours. At first faith languishes in them, because of their vices ; then it becomes sick ; next it dies, because, since sin is essentially a blindness of spirit, the more a man sins, the more he is blinded, his faith grows weaker and weaker, the light of this divine torch decreases, and soon the least wind of temptation or doubt suffices to extin guish it.' 'WEEDS CAST OVER THE POPE'S GARDEN WALL. The same sentiment thus beautifully set forth by St. Cyprian fifteen centuries ago was more concisely . but no less emphatically expressed in the last cen tury by the Protestant Dean Swift, who declared that the only accession which the Anglican Church receivedfrom Rome was whenthePope castthe weeds over his garden wall. (Laughter.) I am reminded of this witty saying of the Dean by a letter headed ' Cardinal Moran and his Critics,' which appeared in the Sydney Morning Herald last week, on the 22nd of October. In this letter an ardent Anglican with a flourish of trumpets cites the announcement of the London Times that ' in Henry the Seventh's Chapel, Westminster Abbey, Canon Duckworth, the sub-Dean, acting for the Bishop of London, ad mitted a priest 01 the Church of Home into the Church of England.' This plain matter-of-fact an nouncement made in the Times of the 10th of Sep tember last would not suffice, however, for our ardent Sydney friend. He must claim the un happy man to be ' a prominent priest,' and a *' learned doctor,' though chere is nothing in the Times to justify such terms of eulogy. Our Sydney Anglican, notwithstanding his Protestant ardour, would have been wise to take a lecson from experience. Twelve months ago a somewhat . similar announcement went the rounds of the Eng lish press, regarding another supposed prominent convert from Rome, whom, however, his newly found Anglican friends in a few weeks transferred to the public lunatic asylum. (Laughter.) Our . .Sydney ardent Anglican would only have had to ?wait for a few days. The London evening; papers of the 21st September last announced that the neo convert who on the 10th had been admitted to the Anglican Church was on that morning brought up before the Lambeth Police Court, the constable attesting that on the preceding evening, at half-past six o'clock, he was found helplessly drunk, and lying in the gutter with his face all bruised. (Laughter.) What a change of scene from the 'boasting and jubilee of the Westminster Chapel to the humiliation and confusion, of the gutter and the Lambeth Police Court ! (Hear, hear.) Even among, the twelve chosen Apostles there was one who, hur ried away by passion, denied the Divine Master. We should not be scandalized if the same human frailty be found from time to time in Holy Church. Cut the rule will be sure to hold good that the 'weeds are being flung out from the Pope's garden. (Applause.) BLIGHT AND DECAY OF PROTESTANTISM. To return to the subject before us, in so far as Protestantism may be said to represent a definite form of religious tenets, do we not see that the blight and decay which were the lot of Arianisrn have fallen upon it ? I need not respeat whit I have already said of Anglicanism with, its 700 sects at the present day. But what was the result in France ? The Calvinists or Huguenots were at one period all-powerful in that fair country. At pre sent they are almost unknown, the whole sect, having been absorbed in infidelity or restored to the Catholic fold. The principal of one of their schools in France, M. Scherer, writing' in 1844, declared that he saw in their branch of the Reformation " the ruin of all truth, the weak ness of infinite division, the scattering of flocks, ecclesiastical anarchy, Socinianism ashamed of itself, Rationalism coated like a pill, without doc trine, without consistency.' He added: 'Our Church, deprived alike of its corporate and its dog matic character, of its form and of its doctrine, deprived of all that constituted it a Christian Church, has in truth ceased to exist in the ranks of religious communities. Its name continues, but it represents only a corpse, a phantom, or, if you will, a memory or a hope. For want of dogmatic autho rity, unbelief has made its way into three-fourths of our pupils.' (L'Etat actual de l'Eglise Reformee en France, 1844.) WHAT REMAINS OF LUTHERANISM. Is Lutheranism in Germany in any better condi tion ? Hear what Professor Leberecht de Wette writes : ' Were Luther to rise up from his grave he could not possibly recognize as his own, or as mem bers of the society which he founded, those teachers who in our Church would fain, .nowadays, be considered as his successors. The dissolution of the Protestant Church is inevitable; her frame is so thoroughly rotten that no farther patching will avail. The whole structure of evangelical .y,eligion *lk8b,ftty«9d|-and-f$W-JopH-vitii sympathy; qs. its tottering or its fall. . . . Oh, Protestantism, has it then, at last, come to this with thee, that thy disciples protest against all religion ? Facts which are before the eyes of the ' whole world declare aloud that this signification of thy name is no idle play upon words.' THE PERSECUTIONS OF LAST CENTURY. Towards the close of the last century another tempest of persecution was stirred up against the Catholic Church. The flood-gates of evil appeared to be uplifted to submerge the world, and in many countries of Europe statesmen were heard to prophesy that at length the days of Catholicism were numbered. De Maistre does not hesitate to say that the persecution waged against the Catholic Church in the last century 'infinitely surpassed' all former persecutions. The storm raged with special violence in France. An American writer has said, that ' never, since the rise of Mohammedanism, did the permanent con spiracy of the City of Satan against the Kingdom of God assume a more formidable shape, or wage a more destructive war against the Church, than in France during the last quarter of the 18th century. And no study can better enlighten the Christian scholar on the strategy used by the conspirators to compass their end, the annihilation of the Catholic hierarchy and priesthood, the extinction of Catholic worship and Catholic education, and the blotting out of Christianity, itself from the land in which it was moat nrmiy rooted.1'. THE CHURCH VICTORIOUS. Yet, what was the result ? Throughout every country of Europe, but above all in France, the Church came forth from the ordeal more pure and perfect, more powerful and vigorous than before. Let Lord Macaulay, despite his many prejudices against the Holy See, bear witness that the Church was not overcome. ' It is not strange (he says) that in the year 1799, even sagacious observers should have thought that, at length, the hour of the Church of Rome was come. An infidel power ascen dent, the Pope dying in captivity, the most illus trious prelates of France living in a foreign country on Protestant alms, the noblest edifices which the munificence of former ages had conse crated to the worship of God turned into temples of Yictory, or into banqueting houses for political societies, or into Theophilanthropic chapels, such signs might well be supposed to indicate the ap proaching end of the long domination. But the end was not yet. Again doomed to death, the milk white hind was still fated not to die. Even before the funeral rites had been performed over the ashes of Pius the Sixth, a great reaction had commenced which, after the lapse of more than forty years, appears to be still in progress. Anarchy had had its day. A new order of things rose out of the confu sion, new dynasties, new laws, new titles ; and amidst them emerged the ancient religion. The Arabs have a fable that the great Pyramid was built by antediluvian kings, and alone, of all the works of men, bore the weight of the flood. Such as this was the fate of the Papacy. It had been buried under the great inundation ; but its deep foundations had remained unshaken, and when the waters abated, it appeared alone amidst the ruins of a world which had passed away. The distribution of property, the composition and spirit, of society, had, through great part of Catholic Europe, undergone a complete change. But the unchangeable Church was still there.' (Applause.) THOSE 'DARK' AGES. I will now invite your attention for a little while to the influence exercised by the Church upon society during the middle ages. Protestant writers in Englajnd ever since the Reformation have made those ages a favourite ground of attack when assail ing the Catholic Church. The Papacy, they tell us, throughout that period wielded a paramount influence which was used to hampea* the adminis tration of the civil powers and to crush the develop ment of the people's freedom. However, since the awakening of historical studies in. our own day, some able writers have shown themselves superior to the prejudices which surrounde d them and have endeavoured to set the action of the Church in its proper light. It may truly be said that amid the turmoil of those ages it was the Church alone that saved society from ruin. If social order was pre served, if the traditions of earlier civilization were handed on to our own day, the world is in debted for this inestimable blessing to the benign influence of the Papacy. (Applause.) It is not easy for us in this nineteeth century to realize the utter ruin and desolation that fell upon Europe consequent upon the irruption of the bar barian conquerors. It was not merely that «the whole then existing fabric of civilization was over thrown, and all social order was unhinged, but it was the vow of the savage invaders that so far as their swords could reach, every trace of the Im perial w orld and its very name should be oblite rated. One of their most famous leaders, used to boast that wherever his army passed the grass would cease to grow. Nevertheless, the Church was not overcome* On the contrary, she girded herself with spiritual strength and went forth to new conquests, and there are perhaps no brighter pages in her history than the record of her victories in leading those barbarians to the fountains of Redemption. TESTIMONY OF PROTESTANT HISTORIANS. I will cite a few passages from modern Protestant historians, who, despite their prejudices, felt con strained to tell us of the blessings conferred on the world by this ! salutary triumph of holy Church. Mr. M'Cullagh, writing on 'The use and study of History,' attests that though Im perial Rome was fallen, yet all was not lost.' ' Christianity remained a refuge for the drowning civilization of antiquity. The Church sank not. Since the unannalled days of the first flood, when the primitive science, art, and knowledge of mankind were destroyed, there had been nought within comparison so appalling to this unsheltered world as this Scythian tide ; and as in the elder tempest, there was no salvation but in the ark of safety of no human providence or contriving. The Church alone outrode the storm. When the surging cmst of ruin rose most high the Cross rose with it, and above it still. The barbarians em braced Christianity, and when the vanquished felt that 'between them and their conquerors was one tie, that of a common faith, they said within them selves, ' Surely the bitterness of death is passed.' It was the Churich that saved whatever could be rescued from the universal wreck : in her sanctuary were preserved for succeeding times the laws and a ;ew hast.ily-snatg|ied-.up records of a drow&ed.; antiquity. On, on, with force as . if ;s for ever, the gush, of Scythia and Burgundia roars. All political power is overwhelmed in its weltering wave. The Church alone sinks not. It alone presumes to beard and to re prove, to rebuke and to restrain its rage. Immortal faith saves human hope from dying. Can we imagine anything so crushing of all hope of pro gress, as the state of things that would have been, had antiquity been entirely lost? Can we conceive a more exalting proof of a superintending wisdom in the affairs of men. than the provision whereby reli gion was made to guard that perilled treasure?' (Applause.) THE MERITS OF MONASTICISM. Another writer, Mr. Travers Hill, treating of the merits of English Monasticism, is not less eloquent : ' It is a remarkable fact in history (he says) that it was nothing but Christianity saved Rome from utter extinction. Had she not been the chosen home of this rising faith and new glory, the bar barians would scarcely have left one stone upon another ; she would have been to us what Nineveh, Babylon, Thebes, and many other cities are, a tradi tion grand yet almost beyond conception. As over the great solitudes of the sites of those mighty cities wild beasts wander and howl by. night, so it would have been with Rome when her glory fell, had not another and brighter glory settled upon her ruins. It was at Rome that the vicarial head of the Church had taken up his abode ; toward Rome were bent periodically the footsteps of thousands of pilgrims; and from Rome as from a centre emanated all the influences which the new religion exercised over thenations who had enlisted under the Cross. When the migration of the Northern hordes toward the South extinguished the just kindling torch of civi lization, and overwhelmed in its dark flood all the evidences of refinement in Europe, Rome suffered last and least; in her temples were gathered, as in a sanctuary, learning, science and art ; there was kept burning, dimly enough, yet still cherished with tender care, the trembling lamp of genius, until the better time should come when it might be reproduced and its genial rays diffused ; and when the time did come, and the nations awoke from a long slumber to a new life, it was from Rome and Roman traditions that the new order of things drew its laws, its language, and its faith. Civilization seems to have been concentrated into a focus at Rome, and thence radiated over all the world. It is from the fountains of her lore that all modern law has been derived, and she may well be called the lawgiver of Europe.' (Applause.) OTHER AUTHORITIES. An article in the British Critic (vol. 33) would deserve to be cited here in full. I will give but a few passages from it : ' Just as the Church had subdued the intelligence and refinement of the old Roman Empire, the Empire was swept away and she was left alone with its wild destroyers. Her commission was changed ; she had now to tame and rule the barbarians. While they pressed into her fold, they overwhelmed all her efforts to reclaim them, and filled her from east to west with violence and stunning disorder. When, therefore, she again roused herself to confront the world, her position and difliculties were shifted. Her enemy was longer heresy, but vice, wickedness, which wrought with a high hand, foul and rampant like that of the men before the flood. It was not the faith, but the first principles of duty, justice, mercy, and truth, which were directly endangered by the unbridled ambition and licentiousness of the feudal aristocracy who were then masters of Euiope. With this fierce nobility she had to fight the battle of the poor and weak. She had to stand between the oppressor and his prey, to compel respect tor what is pure and sacred from the lawless and powerful.' (Applause.) An American writer (Rev. Dr. Nevin, on ' Early Christianity') will tell us how perseveringly the Church pursued her divine mission in those peril ous days. ' These ages of darkness, as they are called, were, to an extent now hard to understand, ages also of faith. The Church still had, as in earlier days, her miracles, her martyrdoms, her missionary zeal, her holy Bishops and saints, her works of charity and love, her care for sound doc trine, her sense of a heavenly commission, and her more than human power to convert and subdue nations. True, the world was dark, very dark and very wild ; and its corruptions were powerfully felt at times in her own bosom; but no one but a simpleton or a knave will pretend to make this bar barism her work, or to lay it as a crime to her charge. She was the rock that beat back its proud waves. She was the power of order and law, the fountain of a new civilization, in the midst of its tumultuating chaos.' WHAT LECKY SAYS. Mr. Lecky in his ' History of Rationalism ' is a witness whom none will accuse of partiality in favour of the Catholic Church. Nevertheless he attests that " the Church was the very heart of Christendom, and the spirit that radiated from her penetrated into all the relations of life, and coloured the institutions it did not create. This ascendency was gained by mediaeval Catholicity more com pletely than by any other system before or since, and the stage of civilization that resulted from it was one of the most important in the evolutions of society. By consolidating the heterogeneous and anarchical elements that succeeded the downfall of the Roman Empire, by infusing into Christendom the conception of a bond of unity that is superior to the divisions of nationhood, and of a moral tie that is superior to force, by softening slavery into serfdom and prepar ing the way for the ultimate emancipation of labour, Catholicism laid the very foundations of modern civilization. Herself the most admirable of all organizations, there v/ere formed beneath her in fluence a vast network of organizations, political, municipal, and social, which supplied a large pro portion of the materials of almost every modern structure.' He subsequently adds : 'In the tran sition from slavery to serfdom, and in the transition from serfdom to liberty, she was the most zealous, the most unwearied, and the most efficient agent.' (Applause.) I will only add the emphatic words, of Dean Mil man in his 'History of Latin Christianity' : ' It is impossible to conceive what had been the confusion, the lawlessness, the chaotic state of the middle ages without the mediaeval Papacy.' HAS THE CHURCH OUTLIVED HER TIME ? There is yet another Protestant prejudice against the Church to which I may refer. Men repeat at times to-day, what was said a thousand times of old, that the Church has outlived her time— that she be longs to a bygone age and lacks the vigour and strength, and enlightenment to meet the wants of mankind and to aid in the development of social life at this close of the nineteenth century. Now, what are the facts, which this close of the nineteenth century presents to us r We see in the chair of St. Peter an enlightened chief pastor who keeps watch on the towers of Israel. Under his guidance the Church effectually and untiringly marshals her strength to guard the well-being of the individual and of society, and to repel the thousand foes that would plot the overthrow alike of religion and of social order, of justice, of liberty. I need no more, than refer to the golden encyclical of the pre sent illustrious Pontiff, Pope Leo XIII., on all the great questions of the clay. One of his first cares was to secure the foundation of morality and to safeguard every best interest of the Chris tian family, by his Encyclical on Christian Mar riage. Then there was the question of human liberty. Men now-a-days yearn for freedom. Yet that sacred name has become a sort of watchword for those who combat the well-being and the very existence of society. Now, who so perseveringly as the Sovereign Pontiff raises his voice to proclaim what true liberty is, and to make known the tortuous devices of the selfish and wicked me'u who would present libertinism under the mask of liberty the better to beguile their fellow-citizens into the paths of corruption and misery ? The same may be said of every other question bearing upon genuine pro gress and' true enlightenment. THE CHURCH FOREMOST IN THE PRESENT CENTURY. Everywhere the Catholic Church is found in the foremost ranks. In every path of honour and truth and justice her voice encourages her children to take the lead, whilst she guides and sustains them by the light of faith and the sound principles of morality and Christian life. A few months ago the Protestant editor of the French Revue Historkiue expressed his admiration at this attitude of the Catholic Church. ' Not the least noteworthy of the features of the present time (he says) is to see an institution, whose survival seemed to us a few years ago an anachronism and a relic of a bygone age, suddenly endowed with a fresh infusion of vigorous life and popularity, adding the radiance of youth and hope to the au reola of antiquity and glorious memories with which the centuries had crowned it.' He then reviews the action of the Sovereign Pontiff in regard to the social problems of the world at thie close of the 19th century, and adds that, ' contemplating the Catholic Church, no one can fail to feel a.senti ment of admiration and veneration for an institu tion the most considerable in its influence and the most imposing in its duration that the world has ever seen. In comparison with it the most power ful empires make but a poor figure in time as in space, since it has been for centuries a perennial source of sacrifices of sanctity and of civilization, whose history is unfolded through the ages with a logic which confounds the reason and captivates the imagination.' (Applause.) THE CHURCH AND THE CIVIL POWER. In sketching the beneficent action of the Church on the world I have partly answered another ques tion which is sometimes asked : What is the relation of the Church to the civil power ? The Church has received her authority from God, and not from the State. In the exercise of that spiritual authority she is independent of State control. (Applause.) On the other hand, the civil power is also from God, and independent within its own temporal sphere. The Church reverences that civil power whatever may be its form of government, and aids and sus tains and strengthens it that it may in rich abund ance confer upon its subjects all those blessings it is destined to procure. It was the boast of the early apologists that, even under the Pagan persecutors, no conspirators were to be found among the Chris tian flock ? They gave to Caesar the obedience that was due to him, and to God the love and homage which He commanded. (Applause.) It was only when Caasar required disloyalty to God that the Christian took for his guidance the maxim, ' Fear not them that kill the body and are not able to kill the soul.' The alle- giance of the faithful Catholic is not divided. He, yields, full and entire obedience to the State in all matters that are within the sphere of its competence, and he recognizes such obedience as part of his religious duty. He obeys the Church in the .same way, and he knows that his devotion to religion does not in the least interfere with his loyalty to the Government. ON THE BATTLE-FIBLD. Nevertheless, we find in many countries at the present day, as in the past, that the Church is on the battle-field sustaining fierce assaults from the powers of this world. The reason of, this is that the spirit of the world under one form or other never ceases to wage war against God, and is ever ' on the alert to enslave or to destroy the Church whose mission is from God. This was foretold by the divine Redeemer when He announced to the chosen disciples : ' If you were of the world the world would love its own ; but because you are not of the world, but I chose you out of the world, therefore the world hateth you.' (John xv., 19.) In such a warfare there can be no compromise, and the Redeemer's words are the Church's guarantee : 'Fear not ; I have conquered the world.' THE WORLD AND THE VATICAN. Pere Lacordaire, in one of his sermons in Notre Dame, has given expression to the Catholic idea.and with his words I will, bring my discourse to a close. He introduces the world in military array, with sword and boot and buskins, knocking at the doors of the Vatican, where, in the name of the Church, a venerable Pontiff of frail and wasted form awaits it, and the following dialogue ensues : — ' What do you desire of me ?'' ' That you would change.' ' I never change.' I ' But everything is changed here below. Astro nomy has changed, chemistry has changed, philoso phy has changed, the empire has changed. Why are you always the same?'' :\\. 'Because I come from God, and because God is always the same.' 'But know that we are the masters; we hive a million of men under arms; we shall draw the sword ; the sword which breaks down thrones is well able to out off the head J. an old man and tear up the leaves of a book.' ' Bo so ; blood is the aroma in which I recover my youthful vigour. 'Well, then, here is half my sceptre; make sacrifice to peace, and let us share it together.' 'Keep thy purple, O Cscsar! to-morrow they will bury thee in it ; and we will chant over thee the Alleluia, and the De' Profundis, which never change, ' (Lpuci and prolonged applause.) ; 