THE WHITE LADY'S BOWER CHAPTER XII. 'GOD FORGIVE ME IF I HAVE DONE YOU ? WRONG !' For a few momenta Sir Charles Hastings -was ? helpleas. He felt that M3 brim was bursting, aa the gipsy woman's horrible shriek, and still more horrible words rang in his ears. ' Mark this, Sir Charles ! -7o bach home to your ? duties !'' And she had heard all this — GladyB — the woman he loved with a strength and desperation that appalled him. With a sigh that Beemed to rend his very soul he held her unconscious form tighter still, and Blattered wordn of prtdanrmctnt: in Vipr para '? Gladys, my darling ! Gladys ! I will never leave you ! Open your eyes, dear one ! Speak to me !' One minute and she was smiling up at him, and the colour slowly returned to her face. ' How foolish I am,' she whispered. ' Forgive me, dear, but that dreadful woman frightened me more than I can tell. She was the woman of one o£ my dreams. I did not think of it until I saw her wicked eyes, and then I fainted. Was it not silly ?' ' Confound the creature, I say !' Sir Charles muttered. ' You are sure that you are all right, darling ? Your face became deathly, and I never had anything to do with a fainting fit before. I was completely at a loss. I hare heard of cold water as a remedy, but could not leave you to find any on this uncertain ground.' He tried to laneh. but it was a dismal failure. He wa3 wondering how much she had compre- B hended of the gipay's wordB, so full of subtle { meaning. The woman's baneful eyes had pierced r his heart — he felt it shudder within him. ^ 'She must have been mad,' he said. 'She is j ' one of those half-wits who are full of animal ( cunning. They wander about, and pick up the ] names of people for the purpose of extorting money ( from them nnder the plea of fortune-telling. She became enraged to the verge of frenzy when I ' epoke disparagingly of her business. She has , followed us to gel money, after discovering who ] and what we are, and was maddened to find her . scheme a failure.' Outwardly hia confidence had returned, and : Gladys listened and believed. To her the woman's words contained little meaning, though her heart fluttered with a nameless sort of dread. Why had this come upon them so soon after the fears of Lady Maroia? Could it be possible that the White Lady'e Bower wsb associated with mysteries of the occult world ? Was he cursed through the treachery and wickedness of men and women whose spirits of evil would never rest ? ' Forget the incident, Gladys,' continued Hast ings. ' If I meet the old crone again, I -will take measures to stop her blackmailing. Do you not see how she obtained part of her knowledge ? I am positive now that ahs it was whom 5I heard among the trees of the White Lady's Bower ! She listened to our copvereation, and endeavoured to make capital of it.' ' I am not frightened now, dear,' Gladys smiled. ' I was Billy, and nervous. I will promise to be so no more.' He was silent for a little while, his features ? -working with aome inward agitation. Then he stopped suddenly, and clasped her to his throbbing heart, a sob bursting from his lips. 'When 1 saw you the first time, my darling, there was sunshine on your face, innocence and gladness in your dear eyes. I can never forget it. A ray of light seemed to pierce tho gloom of my unhappy life, and I gazed as a lost soul gazes upon the radiance of a distant heaven. I could not tear myself away ; there was no wrong in looking. And then I forgot the man I was ; the past was but a dream, and I lived in the present. God forgive me if I have done you any wrong, I am accursed — accursed. Better if I leave you, even though it rends me to death, than let the furies that domi nate my fate cast their shadows over the only being that I could ever love !' 'Oh, Charles, what are you saying?' sobbed Gladys. ' I love you dearly — I love you ! Any fate shared with you were preferable to loneliness.' ' Can you not tear me from your heart ? Can you not despise me P I am the most despicable villain that ever crawled God's earth — I ? ' ' My love !' she murmured. ' I care not what you are ! I am yours in life and death. You are too noble to do wrong.' He stopped her with an impatient gesture, then continued : ' I ought never to have come here, but man is not master of his fate. If there is such a thing as predestination, then we are the playthings of a higher power. The argument is only the argument of a coward, but it makeB one curious to look into the future. Gladys, come what may, I want you to think well of me. I am weak enough for that. I will tell you the history of my life when I grow calmer, and then you shall judge me as lam.' ' I want to know nothing,' Gladys said. ' I am satisfied with -the present.' My foolish fears have unnerved you, anrimg. ion cremoie so mime that you have brought sorrow and dread upon me. Tou oonnect all with Lady Marcia'a troublss, Lady Maroia'e beliefs, and my own silly dreams and fancies. You came into my life when it was empty. I did not know it was empty until then. I never lived until I had your sweet love. The sunshine you saw in my eyes was not half so beautiful as the ecstasy that is now in my heart.' Hastings regarded her for a minute with the eyes of a worshipper. Her faith appalled him. His train reeled with delirium. 'That glimpse of paradise will'iivo with me : forever,' he said, dreamily, and caressing her fondly. ' Your beautiful faith gives me hope and happiness. I can never forget the bliss that was mine in the moonlight when you confessed that ?you loved me. 'It was a July evening; and from out A full- orbed moon that, like thine own eoul soaring, Sought a precipitate pathway up through heaven, There fell a Rilverr, lilken Teil of light. 'With quietude, and Bultrinesp. and slumber, Upon the upturned faces of a thousand Roses that grew in an enchanted garden. Where no wind dared to stir, unless on tiptoe Fell on thn upturned faces of these roses That amiled and died in this parterre, enchanted By thee, and by the poetry of thy preeonce.' .?whispered, arid he remembered that they had bejn the breathings of a fainting heart— a heart filled ?with a holy, exalted pnssion, a heart fainting with the inspirations of dread prophecy. Like a flash he .saw himself in the lonely years of the future. He tried to put it away from him, but the words throbbed through his brain; he did not uttorthem aloud : But now, nt length, dear Dlan sank from sight Into n western couoh o( thunder-cloud ; And, then n ghost, amid the entombing trees Didst glide awny. Only thint eyes remained-; They wou'd not no — thoy never yet have gone. Lighting ray lonely pathway home thnt night, They hare not left me (as my hopes have) since; They lollow me— they lead me through the.yeara— They are iny ministers— yet I their slave. Their office is to Illumine and enkindle— My duty to be saved by their bright light, And purified in their electric fire. And dandified in their Elysian fire. iThoy fill my soul wiih beauty (which is hopeu, Ana are far up in licsven the stars I kneel to, ?Iniheead, silent watches of my night 1' They were now within a short distance of the .spot where they had lofc their friends, and the metallic l&ughtur; of Mra. Nixey, mingled with tho clatter of china, reminded them' that they must hide all traces of emotion. ' There you are at last Jw cried Lady Craythorne. *' Four o'clock, and we were just going to take tea .without youl' She eyed them sharply, and thought, exultantly -; ' He has proposed to her, and ahe has declined him. There is misery its his eyes. I muat speak to Ada.' 'You have bad quite a long walk,' observed Lady Marcia. ' Yes,' replied Gladys, smiling f iintly. ' We have been to the ruine, and met a real gipsy, who wanted to tell us our fortunes.' 'Splendid!' cried Mr. Gadsby, looking at Ada Craythorne. ' I wish we had gone that way. I should like to dip into the future. You don't mean to say that you let such a fine opportunity slip, Lady Gladys?' 'The gipsy didn't, I fancy, omiled Laoly Cray thorne. ' TheBn people generally insist upon tell ing you something, which i'g made egroeable or not according to your liberality.' Sir CharleB looked at her gratefully, and she added, quickly i ' Ha ! I see that you were above gipsy fortune tellers, and she told you something unpalatable, Sir Charles. Now confess, air !' ? «'You are right, Lady Craythorne,' Hastings said, unwillingly. ' Personally, I wonld not care a ?»p, bat Lady Gladys waci alarmed. Pray give me ' l cup of tea,' he continued, hoping to change the irift of the conversation. ' Well, I will be charitable, sir; but really I do not think you deserving of the slightest cansidera cion. You took good care not to help ub to biew bhe tea.' ' I am sorry,' faltered Sir Charles, ' and will make amends in the future.' ' By inviting the whole party to your own place immediately,' cried Lady Craythorne. ' I have heard that Eraden is a beautiful old village.' ' Very,' answered Sir Charles. ' My mother is an invalid at present, and I hare her wishes to consult.' ' Tut, tut ! You must not take my banter in earnest,' laughed Lady Craythorne. ' I shall be content to wait until you are quite sure that we are desirable acquaintances.' (To he continued.) 