TOWN TALK. At the Boomerang Club. ' ) '' : The present political situation opens up !;?. , rfeome ; curious problems for consideration ?4': : Despite? the [Crushing defeat which the con servative coalition has sustained, it muiJt not be supposed that the cause of direct taxation is safe, for the forces of monopoly ^ ; behind that coalition will not relax their ' ^ efforts to .prevent the land value taxation 'v, : proposals be6oming law; These proposals ' v 1 have yet to run the gauntlet of the Upper* ' House, and there a determined resistance' may be expected. This must lead, sooner or latGr, to a constitutional deadlock, and ? ' an appeal to the peopljs in order to settle definitely whether a representative or a ( nominee house shall oontrol the public purse. Tc such an appeal there should be but one answer in any country professing democratic \principles, and if a clear issue lay -before the electods in each constituency thdre would be no room fdr doubt in the matter But just at that point the real 'danger will arise, for whilst the auti-laud tax party will preserve a solid phalanx, the 7 v ' advocates of reform may be divided by minor issues, and thus the conservative may snatch a victory out of the very jaws of defeat. The unknown quantity of course is the labour party, for if the same 'mad scramble for seats occurs which took place at the late general election nothing but V disaster can 'be expected. Only by self restraint and self-sacrifice is it possible to gain even the first st^p to reform, and in such a crisis as seems imminent the only way t-) ensure victory is to come to a de finite understanding that no sitting member who has honestly supported the present taxation proposals shall be opposed by any person advooating similar principles should an eleotion take place under similar civ oumstances. This would be a severe but salutary test of the loyalty of the advocate of land value taxation outside Parliament, and surely it is not too much to ask of any man. who poses as a reformer that he should put the success of the reform he advocates before any question of personal gain or distinction. At the last general election no such rule was observed, and men who had \- ' 'fought loyally for the cardinal plank of the labour platform were opposed more-vioiously by labor organisations than were the con ' servatives who had opposed it on all ocoasions. Such tactics are calculated to degrade any party and to make .political organisation a mere pretext for a selfish 'and shameless soramble for the spoils of office. One such experience should be enough for any party, and it is surely not to olate to profit by that experience now, and thus avoid hopeless ruin and disaster. If the reform party is split, monopoly must win nothing can be clearer than that fact ; and the coming orisis will be the real test rwhich will'divide the real reformers from the mere political pot-hunters. In this matter the labour iparty outside Parliament shotfld ;tiike 'the initiative by discountenanc ing any opposition to their own sitting members who have been tried and found ; faithful,: and alto by not enoouraging any new 'parliamentary n spirants to enter the , lists in any constituency where the fight lies between a sitting member who has con sistently supported land taxation, and a ohampion of monopoly and ves ed interests: ' ? In such a supreme orisis as we shall 'shortly have to face all shibboleths should be swept I .aside, and they must be swept aside in order ;to avert a orushing defeat. It is too late to ' put off considerations of this question until the excitement of an eleotion makes party fever run high ; the 'matter should be oare fully thought out now and deoided in cold blood, aud in the Oourse above suggested' sfeemB 'the' only path of safety. It must be very satisfactory to the mort gaged* northern liver farmers to know that the total assets of the Colonial Sugar Com pany reaoh £2,000,000, and that about three-fourths ot this huge property lies * / outside New South Wales beyond the reaoh ? of the tax collector. This is very fine for the sugar company, but looking at the question from an ethioal standpoint some ourious complications aiise. For many yearB past the inhabitants of New Sou h Wales have been contributing about £100,000 per year ' to encourage the sut:ar industry,' ami, quite apart from the fiscal ' - aspect of the case, one cannot help being struok by the fact that the ' encouragement ' seems somehow to have gone into the wrong pookets. The farmer who grows cane is a 'moist ^'discouraged' person at the present 'time, and his tale of failing orops and increasing debts is a very sad one. The labourer who cuts the oane has no visible asset other th»n hie swag, and his ' reser'v fund ' is 't bt-at some two or three days' 'tuiifeer. But th« BUgar company is all right.1 This brings us to the irresistible 'conclusion that the 4- eucouragement ' isn't what it is 'cracked up to be by Mr. Knox, and until we ~ ' can get to the bottom of the business it would be just as well not to grow too ' ' enthutfitistic.iihuut gl°ri')us results wh:ch !\ h'lve »olluweil the imposition of the sugar V. 'duties. - ' Some years, siiiCe in England^ the literary! f1 '' ' ' ghost ' of a well known -pu'blic man sued l\'C him - t--r soi vie rendei^d i' the way of; ,v. preparing eleotion addresses and after- dinnert l)i ' , 'ord'ti^ns, and obtained a substantial .verdict.: j.- J \ , .This sort of thing is not entirely 'confined 'to ''X , ' the Old World, for at a publio meetirig held , notahundred miles from the Sydney Q.P.O.,; , ' three speakers delivered addresses in oppo ' , sitiun to tha propobals .of the present \ Government, or rather, to speak more ' - accurately, three gentlemen road speeches^ on abuv- qu.siLu 1'iom -eaily got up piles ';'VV . ' /'pjE HjauuBcupt, ^.11 these documents apd ^ y -K' ' - ' : ( , - ' the prinoipal resolution proposed were (as a curious pressman subsequently discovered) in the same handwriting, and all the paper used bore the embossed stamp of a well known metropolitan place of resort for country visitors. The ' ghost ' in this in stance must have had a very profitable time, but the incident will serve to arouse sus picion in the minds of any future audience when a speaker appears upon the platform armed with voluminous notes. ^ ^ A regular contributor to the Sydney dailies is a .gentleman who invariably Jrags in the assertion that ' the single tax isj only ?advocated by persons who own no land/' It doesn't matter in the least whether thetaub Iject under discussion is bi-ttfetallismi the' 'shearing strike, payment of members, ot the ibi-oameral system of legislation, the slbove [profound remark is oertain to 'crop up,! and ' it always does get in however 'foreign tb the - subjeot. Singularly enough, this irrepres 'siblw journalist happens to be' the tenatt of h well known Syduey single 'tuxer, arid in ?*! addition to bis mania foj newspaper icou- t,rw\ ersy has ulso a hobby for nmiitt'Ur gardening. His landlord called on bun recently and lound bis anti single tax tenant put ling in the Saturday afternoon laving out an ornamental mmiature'lawn in the front garden. After praising his tenatit's t un wonted industry, the owner of ' the property drily remarked (appropos of botbing in pnrficular) ' It is very .evident, Mr. ? : — , that ydu httve not yet 'mastered the full bearing of 'the ^cononiio law'Ofrfent.' jTho - indof-itigabl'^newspappr corrnuporfdent ban be,j'. poti.jeriug over -thi-» --nacul«r ; utt-Man'c 'ev i smc^, butvup tniiitte-beibaHu't seen tbe .point ; but !he- may shorltli have a practioal 'illu tratibn iwhich will shftd ^uite anew light on the subjeot of ?? Un arned increment.' 