COMPLETE STORY. [KOW FIBST rCDLISHED.3 NORA'S^SCAPE MRS. CAMPBELL" PR AED, < Author of " Outlaw, and lawmaker," VAn \- Australian Heroine*" "Politer and Passion," &c.; [ILL OTBESSLASD BI0HI3 BBSEBVBD.] Tliis is a trao story. • I know that I am •using the familiar preface to a ghost story, hot my story is not perhaps what would, he called a real ghost stoiyi and might possibly be ac counted for on the theory of over-wrought" nerves and coincidences. It is, howfcver, the only one of which I have any personal know ledge; Stffl I am obliged to confess that the ex perience was not actually my own, though it is as nearly so as any experience can he of which our individual senses hare not foil cognisance. I was in the room with my cousin Nora when it happened to her, and it was a tragic sequel to one of the most painful episodes in,Nora's life. I will bogin at the beginning and tell what led to the ghostly sequel. Nora's love affairs were always episodes. Until this particular one occurred she was 2d ways getting engaged and breaking off her en gagements. X do not know how many times sho had been engaged between sixteen and twenty two, which was her age at the period of which X am writing. I am reminded of Nora in her girlish days by the character of Sarah in Mis* Broughton's *1 * Belinda'' — only Nora was a much more poetic and'emotional person than Sarah. Nora did not engage herself merely for the fun of the thing. She always believed herself to be seriously and romantically in love, and went through agonies of emotion until she had been a month or so engaged, and then she invariably discovered that she had made a mistake, and that she was bored. On this dis covery she cried a good deal, took her father into Her confidence, and broke off her engage ment. Generally, when she broke off her engagements she came to London to stay with me—in order, so she said, to get out of the un I had better state that I am one of the eman cipated women who live alone and work for a livelihood. .1 am a journalist. I write social ;uid culinary articles, and I report on house decoration and millinery shows. Nora used to like coming to me for a little while. She loved going round the shops. She said the. enjoyed my life because it was so "Bohemian." She liked going with me to the Somerville Club—the Pioneer did not exist then, and prol>ably it would have been too ad vanced for Nora, who was essentially " weak woraanish." She liked being taken to mati nees, for which I used to get occasional orders. The only thing she did not like was the food; aud also the sharing of my bedroom, which was far from being as luxurious as Nora's own dainty nest.. And Nora was a little bit of a gourmet. I lived in the "Single Women's" fiats, and what I didn't buy ready cooked I prepared myself at an oil stove. Nora said the smell of the oil took away her appetite, and : she declared that tinned tongues, and "Army j and Navy Stores" pasties were apt to pall after I a fortnight. She very seldom stayed longer I than a fortnight. By that time thiug3 had settled down, and the luckless, rejected one had removed from the scene, or resigned himself to his fate. He was almost always a pupil or a curate. The pupil was usually leaving at the " engagement" period —it was impending separation which hurried matters to a crisis. The curate had sometimes to stay on and wit ness the bliss of his successor. Nora's father, undo Theodosms, was a clergyman who took pupils, aod kept a curate. His living was a good one, hot he preferred scholarly pursuits to visiting old women, and left parochial work mostly to his curate. He was passionately attached to Nora, who was his only child and motherless. Uncle Theo dosias aid not trouble himself much about her engagements, though he had a queer, stubborn temper, and could be stem enough on occasions. He looked upon them as harmless freaks. Sometimes the chosen pupil was extremely eligible, and though he did not want to lose Nora, he would not have found fault with her choice of a husband. And he took care to en gage curates who were gentlemen, and had prospects; so serious harm could not happen anyhow. The one thing Uncle Thcodosius took strongly to heart was pride of birth. His daughter must neither marry nor be engaged to a man without a pedigree. I had not seen Nora for some time, and had heard no news of an engagement, and was therefore surprised one morning to receive this telegram II Am coming up. Please take mo in. Will explain on arrival. Shall be with you imme diately.—Nobjl." X could only wonder what had happened, and went on with my work. Presently I heard a cab drive up, anil lookiug out of my window—. I was on the first iloor—saw a young man step out and give his hand W Nora, who followed. I knew the young man—I had seen him two years previously in my uncle's church, just before liis departure for Australia. His name was Dick Ludlow, and bis father had a farm not far from the rectory. I was amazed to see him in Nora's company, and still more amazed when, after she had been admitted, he re entered the hausom'and drove off with what appoared to bo all the luggage they had brought—a Gladstone bag—inside the hansom. A minute afterwards Nora came in. She was very pale, and had an odd, dazed, and yet recklessly determined look. "Nora, what is the matter?" "Will you take me in, Kitty?" she said: "It's only for one night." "And what is to happen after that?" I asked, bluntly. "Iam going to be married to morrow," she answered, with a sort of desperate calm. "He has gono to get the license." „ "He? Who? " I excteimed, bewildered. "Dick Ludlow,*' she went on, with the same strange calm. " He brought me here." " So I saw, and was astonished at the sight." I stared at Nora, and then burst out laughing: " My dear child, this isn't April Fool's day, and I have got to send my column to the 'Monitor' before 4 o'clock. If this is . a practical Joke, let me tell you at once that I haven't time to do it justice." "It's not a practical joke," she answered; " it's quite true. He has gone for the license. He can afford it. He has found a gold reef in Australia. His partner is looking after it. He has been in love with me ever since I was a little girl, and he came home on purpose to make me marry him. Then we arc going to Australia." "Nora!" Icried, "arc you mad?" " I knew you'd say that, Kitty. No, I am not mad, though I suppose it seems lite it. . I only know that I've got to marry him." "Nora!" . " Oh! I know, you are going to say that yon can't have anything to do with such wickedness. But you needn't mind, it's got to be; and,Daddy"—her voice faltered now— "Daddy knows that, and he knows where I am, and what I am goin" to-do. -We had a horrible scene. Daddy has cast me off. «I shall never see him again I suppose, unless he forgives me afterwards. Bat I think he would be pleased, on the whole, that you were with me to the last. Of.course, you con turn me out if you like. In that case I shall go to a hotel, and I shall be married to-morrow at ten o'clock; just the same." I could hardly speak in answer to this amazing statement. "I shall not turn you out," I said. " I eball keep you in this place, and I shall talk to you all night, and! shall take you back to-morrow to your father." " There is no use in that," said Nora- "He knows that I am determined, and besides, I am of age, and -none 'can prevent me marrying whom I please." * " Nora! is it possible that you can love this man? "Wherehave yon seen him?" "I have met him a great many times, walk ing and riding," she answered. " Yes, I love him. I must love him. Ho can make me do anything he pleases." "Then," I exclaimed, " if you are not mad he has hypnotised yon." This really seemed the only possible explana tion. He looked like that tend of man. He was big, with great piercing eyes and thick Hack hair, and a certain suggestion abaut bim of magnetic power. The more I talked to Nora, the more convinced of this I felt. Nothing would move her. She cried; but she said "he was too strong for her." She must do what he wished. I argued, reasoned, implored, expatiated on the misery she was inflicting upon her father. It was of no use. She cried the more, hut never faltered from her resolution. - The man did not come to see her that dav. She said he was coming for her early on the morrow. I determined that he should not set foot within my doors. I telegraphed wildly to Uncle Theodosins, beseeching him to come up and save his daughter, but no answer came. I entreated Nora all the early part of the night, then I went to deep. I had pat her in my bed, and had set out a camp bedstead for. myself. About twelve o'clock I was awakened by Nora's voice speaking in a frightened way, " Kitty, Kitty 1 Was it you who called me?" I assured her that I had only that moment awakened. She was trembling and as white as a sheet. "No, it wasn't yon. It wasDaddy^s voice—'Nora, Nora,' he cried out—just as if he were in tenor—as if he were dying. Oh,' Kitty, I know something has happened to Daddy—I know it—I fed it." In her anguish she was more like her natural self tlurn she had been since her arrival. She kept repeating that she knew something had happened to her father. After a while I pacified her and got her, as I thought, to sleep again. I dozed too; and again I was awakened by Nora's terrified accents. "Kitty, Kitty! There's eomebody on the stairs, don't yon hear them ?" She had got out of bod and was standing in tbc dim light of tbc night lamp looking herself like a ghost, and in an agony of apprehension. I listened but I could hear nothing. "Don't you hear it?" she repeated. "Don't you hear them stumbling. They are trying to carry something—there are two of them—I can bear their boots shuffling on the carpet. Don't you bear them speaking • Steady!' it's like old Nicholas at home. It's "My dear," I said, "yon must be dream ing, there is no sonnd; and, besides, the stairs here are not carpeted, they are of stone, and if anybody -were there I must hear them." lint she persisted. I lighted a caudle. She described the sounds as getting fainter. To satisfy her I opened the door and looked out. She was shaking like un aspen leaf. "It has stopped now,' * she said. ^ They've got to the top." The moon was shining brightly through the window of the landing. I could see plaiuly up and down the great stone staircase of the flats. There was not a sight of anyone visible; there was not a sound to be heard. I walked bravely to the next landing, looked down over the balusters, then went back to her. She was calm now. " Kitty," she said solemnly. " T know what it means. It's a warning. Daddy is ill. Bcrliaps he is dead and I have killed him. I must go home at once 1" Before 9 o'clock next morning we were speed ing into the Midlands. Tho shock of her un canny presentiment seemed for the moment to have driven from Nora's mind the influence of Dick Ludlow, and the thought of that mad marriage. I could only regard it as provi dential. I was not seriously frightened, for I am not a superstitious woman. But when we reached the station for Nora's home, almost the first face we saw was that of old Nicholas, the gardener, distraught in its anxiety. "Miss Nora!" he cried. "Thank God you're here. I was going to take the uptrain to fetch you hack. The master—" 11 Well?" she 6aid quietly. " I know what you're going- to say, Nicholas. Pre killed Daddy—" Nicholas stared at her aghast, and fairly burst into tears. "Taken last night. Miss Nora," he sobbed —" taken in afit. ITeiclier thought he beard him calling on you, Miss Nora, but he didn't go in, like a fool that he were, and when he did find the poor master, he were lying on hisface and it was all over. "We carried him upstairs, Fletcher and I between us." / Nora looked at me with wild tearless eyes. "I heard it^" she said solemnly. "I heard Lira calling me." Nora had d brain fever; she was ill for a great many weeks. When she came to herself she was once more in her right mind, and the man who had tried to enslave her had no further power. I don't know whether this would have been so bad she seen him again. He made several attempts to get to her, but we guarded her as though we had been the dragons set to guard tho enchanted princess. When she was well enough, I took her abroad, or it would be more correct to say that she took me abroad, for she was rich and I was poor. We kept the secret of our wanderings, and young Ludlow was fortunately recalled io Australia. While wo were abroad Nora met and married her present husband. 