PISOPIiE S AY—. That the Duke of Marlbnrough will marry Miea Vaoderbilt, the American. ? millionaire's daughter, next. month. Let ua sing a bridal song ' Thus ono of England's needy Dukes . Hi*'purse's health recruits, : ? And one old proverb now rebukes. That rich with poor soits. When he is Hiked " Wilt thou now,.tak? This well gilt Vanderbilt . To be thy wife t" the Duke will make No faco, but say " I -wilt." . . That Dean is sorry lib spoke. So nro several other persona. That, as tho result of tbo two bye . elections, things are as tbey were. That tho confessions in the Dean case contain too many professions. That labor cutoff its noso to vex its face at the Phillip Division election. : That Fegan, M.P., means to get; level with Lyne. Now, will ho bave to go up or down to do this? That our only General is going to leave us. Dibbs is to be the recipient: of a look of hi?.hair.„ That, Paris lias had a cough. . As; this was the racohorse, Helen had not; to run for a doctor.-— That Fitzpatrick and "Wall were both cheered" by the Kvlestone elec tors. Poor comfort for Wall. . That villa formerly meant a farm. Nowaday? many a farmer is ruined by building a villa. That Copelarid has got back to Parliament. lie is a decided im provement upon his predecessor. . That, according to Blanksby, M.L'.C., politics are not all principle. As . a matter of fact thny are very little principle. That " Dick" O'Connor, M.L.C., likes to Bee a man take a linll by the horns. Now Dau O'Connor, M.L.C., perfers making the bull himself That whales are numerous off the coast. This may account for there being- less spouting than usual in Parliament. That many members of the House of Lords are tattooed. Several members of the House of Lords ought to be also tabooed. That a cyclists' club has beou formed in Muswellbrook. Next thing the local editors will be riding taudem. That the two newspaper offices in Coolgardie have been burned. The papers cannot now quarrel over the origin of tho fire. ; That the Invorell paper doe? not care if it is voted wearisome There is nothing like not being ashamed of one's character. That gallon originally meant a pitcher. It now means quarts of milk, and a pitcher is a political Bpeaker. That someone has discovered Green land to be an island. Seeing that no one wants to go there, this intormation is a little superfluous. That according to a leading poli tician we aro only ou the fringe of the Dean caso. It is a pity we ever got that far. That Lord Brassey has had his first bar.qubt in Australia. It was tho introduction to future terrible ex periences in that line. That Ashfield has declined to allow its Mayor (Ninny Melville) £100 a year. Ashtielil prefers Ninny at its own and not his price. That Guudasai intends to try aud divert tho profits of tho middle man to tho producer. It would be eaa'ior to reunite Christendom. That Neild, M.P., regard * a mom- ( berof Parliament as" a perambulating labour bureau." We should say " a peripatetic boro." That a Russian Minister ib going to visit the German Emperor. France feels as angry as would if ho Baw Lyne shouting for Reid. That only 28 people attended a meeting of sympathy with Mrs Dean at North Sydney. In spite of Dcau's guilt North Sydney does not like to fool that it was mistaken. That the Premier of Madagascar is called Raiuilairrivony. If this is indicative of policy our Premier would probably be called Reidistheboyforthe council. That a man at Wynlong dropped dead while reading a newspaper. Tho same thing will happen to a good many of us unless the Dean case comes to an end. That five members ot the Govern ment ore total abstainors. There have been New South Wales Ministries made up of drunkards and moderato drunkards. That the Soon a Advocate is prepared to travel to Melbourne without a drink. We can quite understand this. To got out of Scono no ono would mind a littlo inconvenience. That water filters are regarded as usole?s in Mnitland. It is an un doubted fact that a plentiful addition of whisky destroys disease germs in water. That a number of doad sea birds have been seon off Sydney Heads. Thero will bo any number of dead birds in Sydney uutil the Melbourne Cup is run. That Lyno objects to getting infor mation from newspapers. No wonder, most of the information in liows papors shows tho fallacy of his policy. That'Lyue was in a bad temper in Parliament on Thursday up to the dinuor hour. After that ho was all smiles.- Copeland had boou returned. That under the now Public Service Bill the man who cannot pay or arrange with his creditors will get tho sack. Tho extension oF the principle to politicians'/would be inconvenient. That a ghost has beon seen at-Port - Adelaido; Which' reminds us that nothing is heard now of the Singleton ghost.. Possibly ho is waiting until the v "Dfean caso is tlie. public will have attend to him. 