' RAGING REFLECTIONS. jfcj^'BELAWASE.' ?Villainy Vanquished. Virtue Victorious. W ^:. Carbine's IXEamma, { l^wfl Mitny Other things. fc '' ? ? J I - f AThAt litter ot 'Old Breeder'!,1' anent frVi Oar bine, which has been going the rotxndE of the Awtraiian press, might mislead many innocent readers who believe anything tbat f.l appears in a newspaper, especially if that teSwaper happens to be rnu under the donbtfnl fTmnner of ?' respectability.' The BUb. of this V-ar-pr in a. v?eik moment scissored the letter font of one of our contempories, thinking it !was all right and without consulting the thorse reporter. Had that distinguished '?personate (which is myself) been shown 1' Old Breeder's ' tiews of Oalbme'6 maternal (parent, he wouli haTe advised his colleague {to throw it in tbs waste-paper basket, and in jiatme not to pi l ie too much re! ;ance in any thing he aay «?. in the respectable news -^jpaper. m [r 'Old 13 coder *' saye C-r bine's darn,] ;.'$Ieraey, w&s; *'an undersized, common-look'- | i?ng, short 'mfire, with a low back, and very j ? upright in the fore joints, and cot worth -entering in a £50 selling plate.' She may | f inot have been able to win a selling plate, Uant she was capable ol mothering a son that i could. As for her being low- backed, ?' Old Breeder' is altogether wrong. She is an ; old m»ie to-day. 5' ?- 1 she is a-' straight in tbe j 9oack as a three-year*old. Sue is not upright j pn her fore joints, and not common, but a J fine quartered mare. My opinion is that ; 'Old Breeder' never saw Mersey, nor had the newspaper man who aired the old joker's views without, having seen or read anything of her, * * ' Because Carbine's mother w8P not fit to j I win a selling plate is no argument against Uh being the best fcor=e in England. ^^^Liata, the dam of Lalas, was a flash, thing, not fit to carry Cst and win a ^^Rnt race, but she threw Lidos. Cinnamon ^Hild not win a race, or even ' on well in one, ^HET^he gave us one ol th.- best horses tiie ^Kild ever saw in Abercoro. Thousands of Koch instances could be quoted against ' Old ?Breeder,' who does not know much when he ?tries to discredit Carbine by saying the last Konx sires on the mala line were roarere. lie is -not a roarer, though he has made a few ringmen roar in his time. ' Old Breeder ' tho old learn that roaring is not hereditary in tms counuy, HU 1 L UU11 I. mano * if all hiB male ancestors right back to The Barley lArabian) were roarers. Carbine is not one, nor will , he ever get one, unless made so by such as the u Old Jjre^aer.' P. Nolan has decided not to ride any snore, and has applied to the A.J.C. for a trainer's license. An adnriier of Nolan's has bough t a horEe and presenitri it io him. Ballyhooley will be piaciii under Nolan's r- care also, and ! have no dioubt the injured jockey will soon have a nice string around him. Nolan's secession from the ranks of cross-country riders will le-.ivs a gap tbat will be hard to fill. Several sportsmen are interesting themselves in N olan. and are about to start a testimonial oil his behalf. John Jolly wa6 jollier than .ever when he saw the crowd streaming through Moor&eld; gates on Thursday to spend ther.r holiday, or their money — the very best way a man could spend it, though I has e heard a Salvation Army picnic is hard 1 to beat, if it be held, as italwayBie, adjace.it to thick scrub, The lassie ', 1 hear, make tf rings hum 'when ihe tea gets into their dear . 1 Jttle sun v. bonnets. The afternoon'e racing was not very exciting, except the principal liandicap. Mr Quinton'fi idea of the merits of several of the gees was not at all in accord w.ith that of their owners. Mr Quinton has often been regarded as a ' lucky ' handicapp&T;, but lack cannot last for over. \ * * » The success o£ the principal race wi-.s not due to j!tr Qninton, but to Mr. ' l'attersall,' who ran a sweep on that race. Sweeps are very popular with owners, especially when , the holders come np with a substantial cut. I think most of the runners in the bank Handicap were sent out in search of wed Ith, bnt not eo in one or two of tbe other raices, where several very nice horses were running tinder 'Haymarket rules.' But nothing vraa iaid, because their owners were supposed, to oe wealthy, and, as a matter of course, abo ve suspicion. ^ i How we nil bow down to sncceis, ai^id . kick failure with as much power as we can put behind our nnmber tens I 'When a msm acquire' wealth, no matter how, and at this came time practises a hanghty, supercilious air, lie can do no vriong in the eyes oft many, but he does do wrong every time it: pays him to da so. If he didn't he wonldn' t have the money or the gupercillions air, and without that he wonld be dubbed a ' mug ' or a cadger, and a hundred other racecourse names. Bnt once in possession of the money and the position to put something good occasionally in the way of those in power, he can order his horse's head to be pulled off without a question being asked him. Some old joker said a long time ago that there was favor in hell. He could not have been in hell to see at the time he wrote it, bnt he can now, no doubt, corroborate the state ment from personal observation. I wonder will any of the present day horse-owners ever see that wide-a-wake old philosopher. If they don't they ought to ; yet gome of them are clever enough to bustle even Git. Peter, and smuggle themselves into Paradise on a croak brief. » ? -* With the exception of the Bank Handicap the racing was uninteresting. Swagman in creased his role of victories by walking off with the opening race, l'he Maoriland mare Doris was looked on as a certainty for thiB | race. She was heavily backed in town I through the week, so heavily in fact that she one time touched even money, bnt the books I offered 2 to 1 on the field when business opened on Thursday. Like most good things tbis one came undone. Why she should be 1 made such a strong favorite did not transpire: Nobodj caught her doing anything out of the common in work. She ia an ordinary | looking animal, so it could not have been her good looks that fasc-nated her backers. I 1 suspect it is the old story of ' follow my leader.' Ihe stable thought she had a moderate chance, but no sane person expected the Doris— Lady Whitiord com bination to reach for the tape at 2 to 1. Such figures are not at all in their line. By the way, it is alleged that a pair of shoes were lately lost by one of Toohey's cart horses, and it is just on the cards that one of tbe Moorefield competitors picked them up. To return to Dame Doris. When she is able and willing, and the right man stake? on her, she will probably get away better and run faster than her last per* lormance indicates. The public found oat some money was on her and accordingly tumbled over one another to get on. Truly men are iike sheep, only more thick headed. The fact of Boris coming from New Zealand and his winning a few races there (the class-value of which nobody here seemed to know) was sufficient to make tbe Sydney ponter believe her to be a champion. Had she come from .lamberoo or Grabben G alien nobody would have thought of II. Bunbuxst was another town. pot. At one time be was almost as good a favorite as Doris. He comes trom Qoeeaslaed with s real Queensland reputation, consequently he was pounced upon much tbe same way ae Doris was. Eon burst went badly in the betting in the paddock and those who took _ to I in town could be accommodated at the start with S to 1. Vet he is a fine sort of horse but not much more likely to win a race than Doris is. He is on the big side just now, but may do much better in the sweet by-and-bye. Panopiy and Cabin Boy were the only two considered likely to beat the '? flying ' Doris. Both ran in their usual honest fashion, but was unequal to tbe task oi beating n v. iic; luu u iiuu ouuuarbi. jjuns luutk uupurt in the finish, nor was she dangerous at any part of the race. Bethal has been a great lriend to the books during her short tarf career. She was again made favorite for her race, the Accountants' Handicap, and she again left her backers lamenting. Followers of form pinned their faith to Oddfellow i 1., who waited on Bethal to the distance and beat her easily. Juvenile got up to Bethel at the finish, and dead-beated ber for second place. Had one gentleman been after the notes, instead of dawdling along looking at the scenery, he would have blown the lot out. But Kandwick is likely to be hiB dart. There were not many starters for this race, so it onght to be easy to guess the ' waiter.' Tbe present unsettled Btate of tbe libel law is my reason for not mentioning his name. Nine numbers were hoisted for the Tellers' Stakes, and among them were Silvertone, Charioteer, and Bean Brnmmel. The rest were not considered worthy of note. Silver tone iB a very fine colt, by Marvellous from Chester's sister, Silver Bell, and he has more than once shown that he is possessed oi mcch of his family's pace, hut he evidently left this at home on Wednesday because he didn't once flatter hiB misguided backers. Charioteer, who ran Beau Brnmmel close for favoritism, is full brother to Donation, by Martin: Henry from Charity, by the Stock well horse Countryman, from Serenity, by Sannterer (son of Birdcatcher) from Grati tude, by tfewmineter. He was bred by Mrs, White at Kirkham, and purchased by Mr. Hoidein when a yearling, Beau Brammcl is a fine upstanding geldivgby Niagara from Conceit, He is the property of Mr. William Forrester, and is trained at Warwick Farm. It was whispered abont that he was ever eo much better fhan Sunburst, and when the stable stepped in the public money followed tbeir lead with avidity. Mr. Sam Hordern was none too sweet on Charioteer's chance, bnt the Warwick Farm people thought it only a matter of weighing in for Beau Brnmmel. Ho doubt the pair wonld have bad the finiBh to themselveB bnt for Bobin Hood knocking Beau Brnmmel on tbe railB at the turn. He was knocked half round, and in his turn interfered with Charioteer, who was just making a run. Bean Brnmmel waB straitened, and once more got his head in front, but the trouble he had gone through had a telling effect upon him, and he retired, leaving Charioteer to battle j .with the outsider. It was R bumping battle I between them, ending in a ncck win for , [ Bobin Hood. A double-barrelled protest was I lodged against the winner by the owners of Bean Brnmmel and Charioteer, but the stewards dismissed. After this decision I suppose a jockey is well within the rules of racing when he knocks another horse sky high, and effectually Bquashes any chance he j may bave had of winning. I \ Though Bobin Hood is a very well bred ! xnd handsome horse, his chance of winnini j wiaB not seriously considered on account oi . hCa recent failures. He is by Grand Flaneur frtim Hoodwink, bv llaDid Bav. Mr. 1 I Flttnaghan fancied him once or twice lately, bu t his place was nearer last than first at the* finish, so his previous performances did not give encouragement to the followers of the stable. The Bank Handicap, with its sweep attractions, brought out 22 decent horses to battle for the £100 which the Club gave, and any odd hundreds that sweep holdei's were inclined to give. Several horses went up on the off-chance of getting a bit of the sweep, but in most cases where the holo'crs of the gee-gee in the sweep didn't turn up, their ' sporting ' owners sent their mokes home without running them. The question tbat was most asked around was, 11 Has he LVot the sweep ?' This question quite eclijned the usual one of ' Is he trying 1' '/hey take it for granted that the possession of the sweep insures a try. It might, but people do Bay that at least one of the runners i n the Bank Handicap was not on it, even though his owtr-v l.ii.i half the soup laid upon him. Some men h#ve nasty tastes in. their mouths. Newman is generally to be seen ont when there is a sweep on the race. Kelso again fancied this unreliable gentleman, but he didn't take any part in the finish. Olive and Newman ware the most fancied out of the large number of horses which the public backed, and Clive won decisively from the ouBider, 'Kelso. Pay ton started Duke of York, and the undcslred eon of Chester tried to win all the way. He did win up to the church, but here Kelso cut him down. Then Kelso looked all over a winner until Clive and Boko tackled him. Boko looked like doing Miriidong House a turn, but Clive gradually asserted himself and beat the game little Keleo, and the solitary eyed Cheinnt by a length. Clive held a decent position throughout the race, but Boko was last bnt one of a very long long tail at the foot of the rise. Bad the position been good I feel convinced that he would have won. The handicapper made a mistake when he asked BesponBe to give weight to eo many proved good horses, the proof of which was her back and position at the finish. The Trier is hardly forward enough yet to win a severe race, but ISnroka'B rearward position is a puzzler tome. I know hisowrer fancied him greatly, and waB the most dis appointed man on the ground. I fancy Kuroka does not care for big fields. One of these days he will electrify the crowd with that great race which I know he is the pos sessor of. For once in a way the selling race ended satisfactorily. It was a walk over, consequently nobody ' fell in.' Kelso was pulled ont in the last racc, but he or any of the others hadn't the ghost of a show of beat ing Bailater. Jim O'Loughlin adopted dif ferent riding tactics with Bailater than he did on the previous Saturday. On this occa sion he held the big fellow behind and smothered his field in the run home. Three out oi live race were won by grandsons of the greatest Australian sires, Yattendon. Two of the winners (Clive and Bailater) are by Chester's brothers, C'.iveden and Mon mouth. V M * Writing of Yattendon reminds me that another grandson of his (£'.. Blaise) will stand the coming season at Mr Gosper's, Windsor. Bacegoera will remember what a good horse St Illaize was on the turf, and, as far ae breeding goes, he can hold up hia handsome head with the best on earth. I believe he has only covered one mare as yet, Hoodwink, the dam of Robin Hood. 1 caw the result of that union, snd, though meat foals are alike, this fellow stood out. 1 think he was the sweetest foal I ever saw. I am a firm believtr in a stout constitution in a stallion, and a horse with a better con stitution than St. Bhvize would indeed be hard to find. The moderate of three guineas is all that asked for the services o£ such a highly-bred hoiee as St. B.'aize, who is by St Albans (imp) from Margaret, by Yattendon from Gossamer (imp), by Marsyaa from Cro sramer, Gv Birdcatcher from Cast Steel, by Whisker from The Twinkle, by Walton from e daughter of Orvillc, Tie is bred back to the same mare (The Twinkle) as Yespa pMiac. Matador will staid at the same place at the came fee. Matador, who was a Bigh-claM racehorse, ie by Xewminster from Constellation, by Bt Albans (imp) from Starlisht, by Panic (imp) from Twilight, by Eelapore from Midora. by Skeleton. The Virginia case cane to an abrupt end on Friday morning, when the Kensington stewards disqualified the mare and her alleged owner for ever and ever. This mare won a race at Bosebeiry Park the other I week, and after she weighed in she was smoked away mysteriously. This gave rise to conjecture as to what she was. She won her race like an old stager, *nd everybody was convinced that she was something out of the common, by the manner in which she paralysed the opposition, i-niboldtrcd by their success the wire pullers behind the mare brought her to Kensington and repeated the dose, only more so. The owner of the second horse (Tobv) at Kensington had his suspicions aroused by a whUper and lodged a protest, though he was unprepared with any evidence at the time against the mare. But the wires were got to work, and after many failures the right scent was at last struck, and Virginia was proved to be identical with a good Queensland performer named Pet Girl. Her owner said his name was Arthur Alexander, and he bred the mare himself, but this in a fresh paragraph. Alexander said he bred the mare at Eel more, near Sydney. He did not know what she waB by, nor did he remember who he borrowed the brand from to brand the foal. He said he worked off and on for four years j for a man named Evans near Belmore. He said Mr. Evans was a farmer at tbat place. [ The Kensington Club sent a man out to Eel more to enquire. He found Evans, who cor roborated Alexander's statement in every I particular. Things now began to look b'.ne for the Toby party, but one of tbem got a hint as to Alexander's real name, and where he came from. That young gentleman had asserted all along that he had never been in Queensland, Bnd bis name was Alexander. He further said that he waa starving in bis camp near Cohen's Track, but a kind-hearted Samaritan named McDermott took him home and fed himself and his mare. The hint anent his name, alluded to above, wai made good use of, and it wa9 discovered that his real name was French, and tbat he was a native of Maryborough (Q.), the place from whence came Pet Girl. A telegram was dispatched to Mr. Frank Darley, of Nanango, tbe breeder of 1'ot Girl, for her brrnds and description, he replied that he Bold Pet Girl nnbranded to Mr. A. Baldery of Maryborough. Mr. Baldery was i communicated with, and he Bent a wire back to this effect : — 'I sold Pet Girl to Thomas French for £70. She is a ally branded SSO near shoulder.' This was the brand Virginia bore. Now things began to look up for the Toby party. The next thing waB to connect' Alexander' with Pet Girl. A wire from the Brisbane ' Courier ' stated that the left Maryborough for Sydney about nine weekB ago in charge of one of French's brothers. Evidence was then broughtwhlch proved that Alexander was a native of Mary borough, and hiB name was Ted French, and tbe Samaritan, Mr. McDermott, who helped him in the hour of need, was an elder | brother, and the Thomas French who bought he mare was still in Maryborough on the | ook out for anything tasty in the pony line, l'his evidence waB given by a man wbo knew all the Frenchs for many years. In fact he resided next door to them in Mary borough for many years. Another witness corroborated this, and Mr. French, alias Alexander, went out into the road for life. * * . * There is one thing 1 admire Young French lor— the cool capacity he possesses for lying. No man couid have stuck to hia statement with more tenacity, and when he was con* fronted with the Irieads of hia boyhood's happy days, he brazened it all out with an equanimity that would have struck envy into the heart of tbe late lamented Thomas i Pepper, Esq. The wife of one witness lives | in Maryborough, and entrusted young ' French with a letter to her husband, which he delivered, but he swore blind he didn't do any such thing. When it waB all over 1 bad | several conversations with several Queens- j landers, and they all told me this young ' fellow was a French, and the marc was Pet | Girl. The worst feature of this case was the manner in which the real owner (he ] didn't appear at all) advised the man who | befriended him to stick to bis money (which 1 he backed the mare for), and not to hedge a | penny, and after it was all bowled out to brazenly say he could produce Pet Girl I within 21 hours. Why didn't be do so? 1 understand this afiair iB not yet ended, and some others are likely to have trouble around theui. 1 know communications have been entered into with the Queensland pclicc. But more of tbat nest week. , The question of bets cropped up at Ken sington on Friday, ae the books were paying i out Toby. Some people maintained that bets about Virginia do not stand, because ' there was no chance to win. That Beems feasible enough, but didn't her backers have a chance to win i Some say yes, others no, I according to the way they have wagered. Mr. Hart, I believe, holdB an opinion that 1 bets on Virginia are ofi. The club stewards say they are on* To whom can appeal be ! made, or what is Tattersall's rule ? I The contending parties might do worea than follow the rules oi betting as thoy stand* I am quite sure this little difficulty will be easily | smoothed over if properly handled. It is i said that there is no appeal from Kensington I ruling. Where are the newspapers? If Mr. I Hart is aggrieved he could easily write to! tbe newspapers. He could get anything in I the papers for a few shillings, so he says, but he might find it difficult alter all If my memory serves ine right, the backers of Slovr Tom had to pay some years ago when that horse went out for life for the same thing as Pet Girl. Slow Tom won three rac:s and lost several, yet I think the backers had to pay when he lost, and couldn't receive when he won. I might be wrong ; it's eo long age— thirteen years. Apropos of Slow Tom. He was disqualided because it was suspected that he was 'rung in.' His real name has not been ascertained to this day; but he got 'his natural'* all the same, and the local stewards (Wilcannia) were backed np by the A.J.C., who endorsed the disqualification, which was deserved, according to one who ought to know, and has since admitted the horse was 'rang in.' Ko it will be with Pet Girl. It will all come ont in the washing. 1 wonld like to adviBe my friendB not tp bet on the tip of that gentleman named French or McDermott. He says he can produce Pet Girl in twenty four hours, He cannot, except ia the form of Virginia. Mr. McDermott holds a repu tation as a first-class liar, and in Queensland backing can be found for him to give Ananias 101b over any distance. The second edition of the Moorefield double-barrelled programme duly came off yesterday. The main features of the day were the dusty roads and footpaths and tbe wild inconsistency of some of the running. The way Oddfellow 1L was haudled waa a disgrace1. The horse was racing all right until Seiley jerked bis head in the air approaching tho hill, thereby losin? several lengths i then he was Gooled after Bethel in a wild, incoherent manner. Of course he was beaten ; tbat was no znore than was expected. Brooklyn's chance looked rosy for the Hurdle 'itece, bat he too was ridden in a most crratic and glaring manner. Nobody bnt disgusted punters gaid anything, but they said a lot. Tbe running of Thespian is to be enquired into to-morrow, but as one who knowe TheB pian's peculiarities, 1 can bear witness to the animal's capricious characteristics. Thes pian is as uncertain ae a woman. I bave known hiin run nearly last when hie owner bad him backed very heavily; and 1 have known him win when he backed bim for a very small stake. On Thursday he backed bis horse moderately, and wanted him to win. On Saturday be was too disgusted with Thespian's Thursday's performance to put much on him. There is no ground for en quiry here, especially by comparison with gome of the liagrant cases 1 have cited above. Thespian is not an honest horse (as far as consistency £oe9), but he has, at all events, an honest owner, The stewards oi the Associated Pony ClubB are to be commended for their timely clemency in the case of jockey Howard, whose disqualification was lifted last week. Howard is a well-behaved lad and a clever horseman, and therefore a credit to the ranks of the pony jockeys. Whether he was to blame in the Pearl Powder case is a matter of opinion ; but certain it is that the stewards, in giving him an early cbance to rerain their good opinion, are acting on a right and commendable principle. The principle is this ' If there is reason to hope that a jockey's disqualification iB Jikely to be a lesson to him, and he bas the material io him of a right- principled, well-behaved lad, it is the better plan to make his punishment as light as possible, so as to give nim an early chance to retrieve his character instead oi starring him into knavery and driving him into an atmosphere of sharp practice. On this prin. ciple the stewards acted in Howard's 'case, and there are one or two other dccent, well behaved lads gtiil under the ban in whose case sportsmen and pony*owners would be pleased to see the same commendable leniency exerciscd by a judicions curtailment of the term of disqualification. 'When H. G. Sparks 'fcook on' Premier Charlie Kingston with a horsewhip the other day, he ran up against a snag. Sparks could not have known that boxing is one of C.K.'s. many accomplishments. In the old days Premier Kingston could always keep up his end in a rough and tumble. A Newtown girl is the latest victim of the flash Sydney driver. The ' Mikado's ' idea of punishment would be useful to stop the Sydney furious driver. The Transit Com mifigioners are gcucrally too busy watching the tote shops to interfere. Pestles, tote watching pays best in the long run. 