, . I^ISH WITGttES, SPELLS, AND CHARMS. I ? '? V: ':..: VIEWS- OF A FRIEND AND ArFOE.7. : ~0 \\\ ?' 'When 'the details of what tlie London -Tablet ?' \ ([the English aristocratic Catholic organ) delights in ?describing as 'the Tipperary Horror ' reached ? .' .Sydney we refrained from inflicting on .-.o'lir headers what must have proved painful reading. -\ The : ? ?? witch-burning case' was; however, a gift -to the hands of the Tablet, and it is no surprise that the exceedingly ' religious,'; but very anti-Irish, -paper comments with exultant offensiveness on an/ocou rence which no decent Christian could regard with feelings ether than of pity and sorrow. '' The Tablet quotes, with evident approval, the ? following from a Unionist Dublin paper, the Evening Mail :—, ' Many of the agarian murders done in Ireland stand on the same moral footing precisely as the burning alive of the unfortunate Bridget Cleary. Themurderers believed that their victims were not so much human beings as venomous beasts, adders, y'-- '???atid 'the like; to whom life 'ought to 'be made in ??»??- ^-tolerable, and to ' squelch ' whom was;a 'manly' '''??i act . . . It would be interesting to know how y,o this revelation from the heart of Tipperary will r-i affect Mr. Morlay's opinion of Ireland as fit for u: Home Rule. There were eleven persons standing Xy at the burning alive of Bridget Cleary, not one ,.. - of whom raised a finger in her defence. There were ( '.. also a number of persons in the '.room in which the fugitive Lynchehaun was arrested at Achill. We do not suppose there are many Lynchehauns or witch-burners in Ireland, but neither are there \- many Mont Blancs or Monte Rosas m Switzerland. But Switzerland is a mountainous country, and the \- tjympathizers with crime are very numerous in :.- Ireland.' :: Not to be outdone the Tablet itself adds : — It will be within the recollection of our readers that at one time the Freeman's Journal referred to the tragic incident of the Phoenix Park murders of 1882 as an ' altercation.' ; A KINDLIER CRITIC. ?; The Pall Mall Gazette (which like the Taiilet is one of the anti-Home llule organs) has the following article : — The belief in spells creeps up to the very gates of JDublvn, if it does not pass them* At Lucan, with ^ its associations of Dean Swift and Vanessa, is, or was, a fairy man whose business it was to remove malignant spells or charms. If your cows stopped ? giving milk, or your churn produced nothing but froth, you sent for the fairy-man. The last person ?' ' ? I knew who employed him was a farmer and a ? ' horse-dealer, who had fared with his horses as far afield as Vienna, and Avho had lived all his life . among the proverbially sharp class of men who deal in a horse. He could put his finger on the covetous neighbour who was stealing the butter from his churn, but how to prove it was another matter. Far better employ the fairy- man. The remedy used in this case merely consisted in a ring of peeled witch hazel being laid over the 'dash' of the chum on *,' ' the lid. There was a little fanfarronade about find ing the hazel, however. The wizard set out run-' nine, with his eyes closed, by the wet hedgerows in a clinging autumn evening. Presently he cams to ' a, dead stop opposite the witch-hazel. As he peeled and plaited it he muttered an incantation. 'And you believe in all that, man alive?' said the farmer ': who was the subject of the confidence. 'Believe in it!' cried the other sturdily ; ' why shouldn't I ': believe in it? Sure there's three pounds of butter where there was but one before !' A woman once told me of a castle possessed by fairies in the county Galway. She said she had often stood outside the Avails at night and seen the ? windows lighted up, and had heard the music and : dancing and swishing of silk dresses. The young owner of the castle was taken by the fairies in his youth. He was rapt away one midnight, and an old uncanny imp left in his place. Often when the nurse or mother had left the room for a moment they would hear within the changeling playing on a fairy harp. After a twelvemonth they found a wise woman to break the spell, and as suddenly as it had ^ine the rosy mortal babe Avas restored to its cradle and the elf Avhisked away to fairyland, I talked a little Avhile ago with a woman Avho had . Been the banshee. As a child she had lived with her aunt, and the old woman, being taken suddenly ill, died, without any other companion. When she was dying the child crouched on the bed- foot, her eyes hidden in terror, but suddenly looking up was aware of something shading the v/indo.w. It was a small pale woman's face, Avith wild black eyes, and the black hair floating like a veil shoAved half-transparent against the moonbeams. Every Irish peasant is full of stories of ghosts. If one happens to be protecting you on your way home from the train of a dark night, as of ten befell j me, and you get him in the mood, he will make the , hair of your head stand up. If you try to exploit him, ho wever, he is mum. It is only a sympathizer / ' who Avill hear his ghostly experiences ; and a dis ;''.?' quieting thing is that the worst things will have . invariably happened to him on the very road you '. : ' are taking. At this very spot of the road. he was '': . first aware of the unnaturally tall veiled woman' '''. who swept by him without speaking ; or over there, '''' in the dark ditch fornenst you, he heard the chain c'anking as the black dog rushed by in the storm wind. 1 Are Ave then to do away with our fairies, our banshees, our ! eprechauns ? The leprechaun; or fairy shoemaker, belongs as much to the autumn fields as the chirping grasshopper. He can lead you to the buried crock of gold if you but succeed in capturing him and holding him tight — the little red man with his conical green cap. lie may play you some shabby trick as chanced Avith a peasant once. He indicated the crock of gold, or the spot where it lay buried in a thirty-acre field under a yelloWragweed. And his captor let him go. But since ragweeds grow, commonly he took care to tie his garter round the neck of this special one, and postponed his digging till daAvm Lo, and behold you ! when he came at dawn there Avas a field thick Avith ragweed, and on the neck of every one a garter. And though he dug and dug, he never came upon the crock of gold. Curiously enough, the pastor himself is not exempt in the popular mind from a certain unlucky influence. 'A priest's marriage'' — that is, one arranged by a priest— is proverbially unlucky; and cattle- dealers fight shy of a priest's cow in the fair. Quite beautiful, and scarcely belonging to the region of superstition- is the custom of a priest bless ing a field in spring time. But what do you think of the sturdy Orangemenof the North Avho send for the priest, Avhen they fear that their cattle or their field has been ' overlooked,' to remove the ban by his blessing ? This is a common custom. Perhaps they juptif y -it to themselves by regarding his rever ence as an able exponent of the black art, and so set a wizard to catcli a wizard. 