"MARK TWAIN" AT HOME. AN ENORMOUS ATTENDANCE. The holding caancity of the Bijou Theatre utterly gave out yesterday evening when "Mark Twain" appeared for the third time, and gave the second of his series of enter- tainments. People were packed like sand- wiches into the boxes, the gallery was brimming over, there were two perspiring rows of spectators in the orchestra, and a side glance at the wings showed a back ground of eager faces Yet, in spite of marvels of compression, it was im- possible to accommodate anything like the number of applicants for places, and money had to be returned to a very large amount. None the less the house was evidently prepared to give the lecturer the most cordial of receptions, and among the many signs of impatience which came from the gallery were plenty of interjections which testified to a practical and very inti- mate acquaintance with Mark Twain's lítera- ture. "Come on, Huck," was one of the favourite calls, and when, as the sequel to a fusillade of heavy feet in the "gods," "Huck" did come on he met with a greeting that must have set him to his work with a good will. It is, perhaps, one of the oddest sen- sations in the world to actually wish that you had never read "Mark Twain." He has given the world more hearty laughs than possibly any man of his day and generation, yet when he begins with that inimitable drawl of his to reel off story after story and funnyism after funnyism, one feels an almost irresistible wish that it was the first time of hearing. Much of his matter is of course extracted from his books and familiar as household words Yet new or old, there is a strange fascination in "Mark Twain's" way of telling them—a quaintness that exactly suits the odd and parodoxical style of humour in which he revels. Still in the new matter which the lecturer has introduced into the lecture, there is one portion which shows that the American humorist has already begun to get to work on his Aus- tralian experiences. He has, he explains, commenced to write a poem—yielding to an inspiration which strikes him every 30 years. "When I landed from that steamer at Sydney, why of course I looked round for a subject. There was the harbour, but I was too late for that," and the house roared at the allusion. Finally, he explained, he decided to take as a subject the fauna of Aus- tralia, and he proceeded to read out a list of names which he had collected for the pur- pose. "I've got the great auk and the she- oak,"' he says, "and the ornithorhyncus. Oh ! I think that's a daisy of a name. If I had a child I'd christen it Ornithorhyncus. And I've got all the extinct birds, too—the moa and the dodo and the larrikin"—another hit that told well with the gallery. After a few remarks on the difficulty of writing poetry when you don't know how, because when you ve got the sense you can't get the rhyme, and if you get the rhyme there's no sense in it, he reeled off a few samples:— Land of the ornithorhynchus, Land of the kangaroo, Old ties of heredity link us— And there he stuck. The next effort was even less successful. Land of the fruitful rabbit, Land of the boomerang— And that little eliort failed rmallj, hitting on the gulden secret of making all tua ends of the lines words ot one ajllitblc he sue ceedid, and the glorious rt Billt sent tile house into convulsiona 'lhere was one extra note in ItiBt night s lecture-that of pathos-and the storj of the old nigger woman whose husband and clul Iren were sold away from her Li jears "befo' de wall," and who recognises lit r youngest Bon in the kitchen at Newport aftir the place lins been taken by the 1 (denis was superbly told As n finnie "Mark Twain ' recited one of the famous ghost storus of the nigger " lim, ' whom he explained was rinllj called Danu 1, nnd this anecdote was moat ilriitrnitieallj worked up to a sensational and unexpected climax 'Hie lecture will be repented tins evening, and to morrow night the American humorist I will make his last appearance in Mel bourne ___^__^^^_ 