COICPI.ETB IN THIS ISSUE. RAVEN ROCK, A STRANGE ADVENTURE ON THE IRISH COAST, ST W. W. FENW, Author o£ "A Doad Look with a Skoloton Koy," " ThoTeatimony of Hugh Merridny," &o.; ' Alt, queensland Riohts Rksebved.J No map of Irolond gives the name of the spot, it is too insignifioant ; but run your eye along tho coastline, say from Cork to Galloy Head and Capo Clear, and you will have an idea of the locality. On one of the many prooipitous headlands, known as tho Ravon Rock, dark and frowning, amidst deep inlets and mnah - resounding caves, stood, forty years ago, the ruins of an orowhilo castlo stronghold.. ; During the great rebellion of 1642-3 )t; had. successfully .with- . stood a siogo laid to it by a robol chief. Tho sufferings, however, of tho Bovalist garrison wero direful in tlio extreme. Tho legend ran that whon starvation stared "them in the faoo a bravo girl stole forth, under cover of night, in tho liopo of securing provisions, but boiug cap tured was ruthlessly hanged next morning ui sight of the castle, "and of course her spirit had haunted the spot ever sinoe. Thus tho castlo fell into that romantic and picture-quo stato of ruin in which I discovered it. This I did on n fine September afternoon, after a four-milos' walk from the town of BaUy-Nnraok, wliero bnsinoss had taken' me, and which, being no w finished' gavo : mo a . day . or two's loisuro to enjoy tho wild and romauni! scenery. Tho Bavcu Bock, with its crown of battlomented towers, formed tho weatorn liorn of the bay into which I had merged. A descent through a wild glen beside tho rushing stream making its channel to the son, and with a straggling nest of shunties at its mouth, had , onducted me to tho shoro. Amongst tho group of peusants gathered round a fishing boat which had just been beached there stood a man whoso dress and appearunoo proclaimed him no native. He was watcliing'tho unloading of tho boat of its freight of fish, and looked so completely out of place that I could not fail to observe bim. As 1 did so more closely it struck me I hod seen him before : but whore ? I could not tell, hut cortainly not in that part of tho world. He looked like oomo Jowish dealer in bria a-brao from Wnrdour street, and as I had only lately como from London it must hnvo boon in that locality tlmt I lind Boon bim. I wandered away across tho sands towards tho rain. Much fusoinated by its beauty I sat mo down to muko a sketch of it. Whon this was finished, as tho tido was out, I scrambled ruund tho headland, and so opened up another fine, picturesque stretch of coust. .Still moving forward, for tho second t mo I rested, and made another sketch of tho opposite view of tho astle. This occupied a long while, during whiah tho sua had gono down behind mo in a sea of glory, and evon as I worked tho full imon rose out of the east, towards whioli I was .coking. Engrossed with tho drawing I quito forgot'thc lapse of time, and it was only tho rapid approach of night whioli at length aroused mo to the fuct that I was fur from home. Boturniug by tho way I had como, to my dismay, tho incoming tido had out me off. in order to escape from tho bight of coast where i found myBolf I must scalo the castlo cliff itself to regain the other side. Hero it was uot very precipitous, and about half way up lliero opened out a flat, deep lodgo on tho face it tho cliff. At its further ond was tho entrance to what in tho twilight looked like a cave, : hnngh thickly inoskod by creepers ontl under wood and shut in on cither sido by walls of crumbling rock. Just before I reached it, however, my foot steps wero arrested and my blood turned to ice oy a pioroing shriek or wail olose bohind mo, iiut, turning round, no ono was to bo eoen. Vet it was like a woman's voico, perfectly luman, though inexpressibly weird. I stood till, amazed, and I think my heart atood still tlso, as tho next instant the shriek was re peated, now higher np the cliff, just beneath .he ruins thoinsolvoB, which stood out frowning, lark, and irregular ugainst the moon-lit sky. 1'lro thore was time to think, ns I stood gazing upwards with beads bursting nut 011 my foro- noad, there enmo across tbo quiet air a third .vailing cry, and I plainly saw the figure of a voman, as dark as tho gloom of tho ruins from which she emerged, appronoh tho cliff edge immediately ubovo mo. Her movements wero rapid, and lifting hor armH and waving thom iownwurds towards me, as if to forbi I my urtber ascent, she called out ill tho sarao high key as her wail. 'Go back! go bnok! como not nigh this place ; hotter to dio in tho snrging sea than tempt, tho death which awaits you horo !" However wild and uncivilised this pit of tho Muntry, however full .of supoi-stition and ghostly traditions tho peoplo might bo, thoy had uot so fur infeetod mo as to arouse tho idea hat I .was in the prosonco of tho supernatural. Uncanny and startling as was this apparition, did not for a moment beliovo tlmt it was tho spirit of tho girl supposed to haunt tho scone of this hor cruel execution. No, it was u woman of flesh and blood. As I questioned ' ho moaning of her words she passed on, still waving her arms with tlmt forbidding action, ind arriving at tho point of the promontory lisuppeurcd as if she lmd flung liorsolf into the sea. Hunger? IVhnt danger could thoro ho? ikuo, I speedily discovered that u further ascent of the oliff .was impossible. Steep wull- liko rook hemmed lliQ in on. all. sides. suvo that .y which I had como up, and bolow this the i"a lmd now bogim to boil and uluico. Thus .11 retreat was out off. I should have to stay where I was till tho tido should obb. Still 'horo was no danger in that. It was a lovely -oft night, I was my own master, mid af tor all a walk homo in the early morning would bo no soiious hardship. I scouted tho idoaof danger, and coiled myself up on somo of tho drying fern in tho hollow of thut soeming envo. I lighted u pipo and ere long began to dose. An hour may liavo elapsed. Then I grow restless, and turning, .won startled by seeing a dim light in the further depths of this dark cavity. .. Quriosity ; and surprise induced mo presently to grope my way a fow fcot into tlio inve, and then tho light was vory apparent ft appeared to eoino through a nrnok of board ing, and another Htop or two 'forward brought my groping luinds in contact with a small rough door. Immediately peeping through tho crnok whunco tho light shono I boliold a curious spectacle — astonishing uudor any oir- eumstanccs, hut in this wild, lonoly place, simply baflling oxplunatiou. Tlio rough door formed the ontranao to a low-urohcd chamber, .probably one of tho dungeons of tho oastlo just ubovo it. But if suoli a disoovory was surpris ing, tbo contents of tho vault wero still more so. Illuminated by a quaint hanging lump, overy thing was plainly rerouted. At ono bicIo n long table covored with strango-looking jars and bottlos of various colours and shapes, togotlior with a mass of myetoriona implements of iron and wood, making altogether somothing liko n combination of the contents of n chemist's laboratory and a carpenter's workshop. To tho loft of this bench was n stove, bright and glowing, and furthor round tho ruom wore othor inoxplionblo nrrangomonts, half liko furnnoo implements, half liko builders' mutorials —a heap of whito dusty stuff, and a pile of wood and oharconl. At tho moment this extraordinary sight mot roy eyo (Ihad.onlyono against the crack) tho apartment was un tenanted, but in a minute there enteral from behind a hunglngpieco of thick,. gaudy | tapestry un elderly man with long gray hair and beard falling ovor tho uppor part of a kind of onBtorn robe, edged with bright oabalistic signs and figures. As ho stopped into tbo room ho was followed by a tall, musoulino woman, dressed ina dark gown, with a leather bolt, round bor waist. Hor blnok hair hung in wild confusion round her temples and down her baok. Her figure waa angular, botokoning great strength, and hor unproppsaossing face of deep olive hue, The. two began to apeak in low tones, bnt quito audible to my alert sensca. " Look to that retort, Miumo," said tho man ; " though stay, first tell mo what of Gorgld FMi,-, "I cannot say, father,", ,-tha j wd'man 'answered.' "Ho is in tho handii'of'Eato. ' Ho cannot escapo tho overwhelming sea. ' My warning droro him, doubtless, into tho arms of the great green mother." "Bah! yon wore wrong not to have soared him ere ho camo so olose. " I should, father, but that I took him to ho Vasoano in. tho distance— you oxpcot him to night?" "Aye, aye — hut ho would not have shown himself so near so early — tho truo Romans know how to use tho darkness. Listen, was not that Vasoan'a whistle? Sootoit." The woman disappeared. -, . - . A little reflection first suggested .that. , thoge- jiopjple were gipsies, and that I' had comp upon thoir illicit whisky still. Many mich abound' to this day hi various parts of Ireland, and fifty years ago wore far more common. Yet gipsios wero not common in tbo Emornld Islo, espooially as whisky distillers, and tho apparatus scarcely looked like that used for such manufactures. It was sorely puzzling and oxtro i.oly excit ing. Meanwhile tho old man busied himself about his laboratory until tho expiration of somo fivo minutes tho woman reappeared from behind tho curtain, acoompanied now by — to bo sure — the vory man I had noticod that aftornoo.u by tho fiehing, boat, and whoso appearance' so 'un-, pleasantly reminded mo of w ardour utfoot. Tho first words lie oxobangod with tho old gray beard did not roaob mo, but tho two soomod to bo acquainted, and ho ovinccd no surprise at finding himself in so strango a place. Thoy conversed softly, but at last Iheard tho old mau saying oxcitedly— "You, my son, should not doubt tho power of ulohomy, Yon havo that blood in your voins whioh stirred tho earliest searchers after the great troths of tho universo. You havo ulreody roupod profit from tho transmutation I have offooted in gold. The ruby, tho sapphire, and the emerald, which I ovolvod. from my intimate knowlcdgo of their component, parts, havo likowiso told t your advantage. Why, therefore, doubt tho agoucios of this mighty stone? It is of tbo first water, be assured. It will stand any test applied by the most skilled expert. I dofy him to distinguish it from the natural produot of tho mine. I have worked as tho groat Mothor works — with tho samo in gredients— in tho samo proportions, even to tho thousandth part of a again. Her laboratory and mine are identical. I havo wrung tho supremo seorot from her, and by using her mothods have produced the same results. \- He was holding up to tho light an objoot tbo size of a pigeon's egg. It sparkled brilliantly on ono sido, and as ho turned It, the other showed a rough and blaokened surface liko coal. Tho now comer took it und examined it oaro- Cully. Then ho said, with a sarcastic chuckle, and in tho unmistakablo tones of a vnlgar Cooknoy — " Looks all right enough so far, but y' know, Father Jacomb, its no goodyour coming your hanky-panky talk to mo. That's all bosh, so drop it. I know onough of jowollery to know no cliomistry or aluhomy, or nny artificial dodges can turnout tho gouuino artiole. That I know, so I say, drop it. Tho point is, will this stone pasH muster ? It nin't u real diamond, and nothing oan't make it one." "My son! my son!" interposed tho other, doprceatingly. " No, nothing can't mako it one, I say. But if it passes, that don't mntter. The ruby and tbo others are easy by comparison ; they've dono all right, I don't deny. But coming the charcoal trick for diamonds is a very different' caper. Still there wo ore ; we'll try, and this day throe mouths or thereabouts, you shall hear. But I rather funk it, bo i toll you." " Have no fear, have no fear," oriod tho old man. " Besides, it is no trlok ; it is puro and holy science." The Bpoukers moved to the other ond of tho apnrtment, and for n whilo I lost thoir farther talk But I hud heard and seen enough — th>- Bocret was out now — this was a spurious jewel factory. . In those days tho presont successful imitations of precious stones had not been reachod, and offorte wero still being mode to produce real gems by tbo aid of ulohemy, tho philosopher's stone was stUI a dream of fanatios, and this Father Jacomb, doubtless was ono. After a whilo Mr. Vasoano'H aooont was again audible. " Yes," said ho, "as somo soourity I will tako oliargo of those two little bars of gold, and if thoy reBiet tho tost and pass for eightoon- carat, they will cover our risks fur a time, though, mind you, we shall still bo out of pocket some hundreds if this carbon triek fails." Then there was more muttering, and finally I could diatiuguish tho words, " I must be in Cork by to-morrow night. I am off to the States for a month or six weeks, and f shall pick up tho noxt Ounarder ; sho is duo at Quoonstown about Wednesday morning, but I shall bo homo again f hope by Christmas, or soon after. You sec, Jacomb, I shouldn't oxaotly havo paid yon this visit so soon after my last, 'oopt from being able to take you on my way to New York, for I don't relish this kind of tramping job a bit ; it ain't in my line, and I hate this oountry a'raost as bad as I do tbo Yanks. Bnt then tliyro it is ; my gov'nor makes mo do this dirty work, for he has con tracted to supply a diamond as big as a pigeon's ogg, ns tho saying is, by itoxt Juno. I've got to soo what I can pick up from somo of your friends t'other side, though for my part this wallopor. of yours soems likoly to servo my dad's purpose. Howover, I'm not master, und now I must bo off. Aye, by-tlio-byo, I had a'moBt forgot— hasn't your- Miatno noticed u stranger on tho sands this nftornoon? A young man pnssed down tho villugo whilo I was negotiating some herrings for my supper. Yon had hotter keep a sharp lock out. Acci dents will happou. Tlio natives are ns snl'o as ovor— they shuu tho rivers liko a pestilence, for tho huunting bogle, ns thoy onll it, scares thom. Nono of thom havo been nigh the placo for years, but a straugor and it Londoner as I take it this youngster wu's, ho won't funk tho bogie." " " Tho old man and tho woman liorc spoke in what I guossed to bo Bt. any. " All !" said Vasoano, " that's Dutch to me, and worse. No odds— mind what you're at — don't got blown upon, and now good night. I must walk norosa tlio hills, and striku tho road to Bully -Nurak boforo tlio sun is up. It's bad going after tlio London pavements. Now lot mo out missus." Ho turned and came straight towards my spy- hole. I shrunk usido involuntarily, thinlc- ing porhups ho might be ooming out that way,- r but the pld nmn intercepted "Noi'110, that is not 1111 oxit, ' b'ut'tho hind; hue given way there, and wo had to ropair tlio masonry with boards." " Humph !" said Vasoano, " luoky you don't get muuy visitors in theso parts, or thoy might wrigglo their way into your mino, .Tncomb," nnd there was a rapping nnd tapping against tlio boards us if he wore testing their strength. It was a relief to hear their voices retreating once more, but wbon I peoped through the crnok again all was in darkness. I would bnvo givnn worlds to watoh tlio departing visitor, but I was a prisoner on that ledgo. I retreated to tlio mouth' of the cavo,' and was about to step out into tlio 'moonlight when, glancing up at tho ruin I saw two figures cmorgo from its shadow, woman. and mail. Sho pointed inland, and ho wont ' his way, disappearing ovor the hills towards tho country. Dawn waa mingling with tho silver light, and tho tido was obbiug fast, so I was ablo at loast to desoond to tho sand, but thoro wbb still too uracil water to admit of retreat round tho hcadlimd. Then I bethought mo of trying to get out of tho bay where I was imprisoned by olamboringup from tho shoro at somo distance from tho castlo oUtf. This was . not difficult and soon I reachod high ground aivay inlands A rough moorland boforo me, .traokW andi uncultivated, but I knew in whioh dirootion to steer for tho road to Bally-Naruk, and by the time tho misty sun was well above tho horizon, I hud struok it. Whilst finishing my breakfast at the inn where I was staying, and ohanolng to look out into tho streot, who should I ego mounting' an outside car but tho very Vasoano himself. Ho had evidently como out of tlio stable-yard, and was followed by tho landludy bidding him: oivil adieus. Dirootly tho. oar hud drivon away I went out and mot hor. , - ; 'fDoyoitlmbw that person?".! inquired,; ' :i i! ! : "Sliuro how,' sir, I've soon him before. Ho's amoighty unusual straugeg.-to see in this prlorh oo.untry J'_ c ( " Rutilo you know whohe isi1"" 1 '"Liko ' enough ho'll bo A -man from England." 'And you've soon him before, you say ?" " Once Agon, may bo in six months, when he travelled just as ho is doing now ; took a car just tho samo." " Did ho sleep hero lost night?" " 'Deed, I'd uot liko to any." " But you surely know whether he slopt in your house," I added, looking straight at hor \- "Just liko enough," said tho buxom, slatternly, good-looking,; duino,': : with that ovaaipn of direct answeryso|0)iarapter5stio of the luco.' "Thon 1 sho laughod,' arid- made for the Yard in resporijo to a catR'So I tholight I would keep my own counsol for tho present. < My intention was to walk by easy stages to Waterfowl, whore a steamer would take me to Milford Havon and homo. I had propoeed leaving that very day, but I now burned to pay anothor visit to tlioao mysterious ruins and inspect the place by daylight. Starting early, thereforo, tho next day, I ooverod the four miles in good timo, and npproaohed the oastle an I had left it, from tho high land. A groat chango of weather, however, which had set in tho previous night, gaveftyS very different ntipeot. . A strong south- west gold had sprang up, and was increasing! ovory niintito. Heavy eons wore roaring around tho cliff, whilst the wild, rugged olouds strearaod in mad haste aoross tho heavens. At length I stood for the first time among the actual rains. The tempest howlod and whistled through thom with a sound at one moment liko doafemng thunder, and tho next with wuiling moans and erica as if the ghosts of a thousand ehipivreoked mariners wore shrieking for help, or seeking refuge amidst tho crumblii-g walls'. , Tho scone waa sublime — awful. I strode out to the extreme vorgo of tho promontory, and, turning, squatted down'ou some project ing rock.: It formca an apology for a shelter, whenoe it was quite possible to inake a rough note of tho sceno on a sketching pad. It was a ticklish oorner, and nearly overhung tho pro- - cipice, but with steady nerves liko mino I .feared no danger. Soon engrossed in aketohing, I had no eyes or thoughts for anything else. Hence it. was a minuto perhaps before I was conscious that a sudden pressure against tho bauk of my left shonldor, was not duo to .the violent wind. Bnt as I half glanced round in that direction, lifo was almost startled out of me at finding an arm and hand striving to Bhove me off my balance. In tho instant I looked, a tremendous jerk from it all but sent mo headlong over the oliff. But I caught at tho wrist, and then beheld tho orouubing form of a woman olose behind mo. Happily, howovor, I retained my grip, und was upright in a second, tho woman clinging fust to mo, und struggling violently still to push me ovor. Sbo hod seized the baok of my collar with hor other band, and by main s'rengtk I swung round with hor, and we both fell in a heap on tho turf just besido the rocky projection. "You infcrnnl fiend," Ioxolaimcd. "Let go I or I'll ohoko tho lifo out of you," and as wo again struggled to our feot, sho striving to pull mo townrdB tho precipice, 1 recognised the tiico and musoulino form of the woman, Miamo. Sho shrioked out somo imprecation, and for anothor minute or so wo swayed about in a deadly embrace. Sho hod the strength of a tigress, and I know not how the contoBt might havo onded, but for getting my right hand free, and striking her a tremendous blow with iny clenched fist straight between tho eyes. She staggered, and hateful as it scsmed thus to assuult a woman, I followed up my blow with a second which sottled tho business, for it was 110 doubt a lifo or death struggle. If I had not knooked tho senses out of hor, hor murderous intention might havo proved Hucocssful. As it was, there she lay, prono and holploss. . I : . . "It was a narrow eRoapo," said tho peoplo at tho inn, hut considered by all us dno to toe supernatural. Tho bogle, and tho boglo only, was responsible. Similar catastrophes had happened bofore, only ton victims who sought to pry into hor soorots, less luoky than I, Esd novor returned to toll thoir toio. Now and again too body of ono of thom had been soon at the foot of too cliffs — only ono had boon recovered whon floating off tho headland, for none of tbo natives dared approaoh its shore or neighbourhood within a milo. Later in tho day, I found the constabulary ovon taking tho samo view, but after muoh persuasion, and a fnll recital of all that I had soon and know of tho plnco, tho Inspootor agreed to tako two of his mon, and accompany mo to tho ruins tho first thing the following morning. That night the storm grow into a hurricane, but morning b ought somo abatement, other wise wo oould soarooly have faced the oloraents. Tho havoo wrought by thom was not fully revealed, however, until from tho high ground some milo inland at tho rear of thom, wo oould got a full view of tho castle ruins — or rather, what remained of them. The Inspnotor and his mon, with a straggling contingent of a fow of tho more courageous of tho inhabitants of Bally-Narack, who followed tho expedition, broko out into a babel of tongues as thoy behold tho scene. More than half tho headland of tho Ravon Rook, with a great portion of tho walls of tho cnstle, had disappeared, swallowed up by tho devouring oceun, still ronring in mighty billows against tho remaining bluff. Tlio ledge, the cavo, and tho adjacent ground hnd, as it wero, been bitten clean out, together with tho spot whore I liud loft tho sonselesa form of tout horrible und murderous woman. Nothing remained looalljr to provo tho truth of my story. Some disbolioved it, thorefore, or pretended to do so, but many lit la oircumstanoes oonvinoed me that tho pooplo at tho inn had more than a suspicion of tho existence of that mysterious laboratory. -Be/oro I left Bally-Narnok, nows oamo that tho body of an old graybeurd.1, clothed in tho .remnants of a strangely adoraod robe, had boon piokud up 011 tho shore somo miles from tho Ravon Rook. I havo novor visited those parts since, but I indirectly heard that nothing hnd ovor been soon or known of tho woman. Hor figure was still reguvded us that of tho bogle, on whioh olemontul disturbances would, of course, fall harmless. At tho samo time, tho tradition seorns to havo diod out— tho boglo has dis appeared. t ' ' ' 1? ,v.« For'mn'riy a year after' thtit 'Strango and romimtlo adventure, I kept a' sharp look-out for tho name of Vasoano in tbo neighbourhood of Snho, hut I havo novor mot witli it since, nor tho 0110 hearer of it whom I saw in Ireland. It was only tho other day that I huntod np the notes and sketches made all thoso years ago, and ombodiod thom in tho ubovo story. I was led to do this by ohiuioing on too following newspaper paragraph :— " A curious trial will ore long create a wide spread interest in India. It annonra Hu,t. „ certain well known dealer in. jewels rosidont l in . too Hilldistnot many years ago. supplied an enormous diamond to foyip„ijho, oya of an idol to DO Bfit «JP in a Hindoo ftinpiq. . , ,%fto lately, by somo misolianco, tho idol foll, ,tmd tho conouo- sion dislodging tho precious stono, shuttered it in two pieces. This proved it to bo spurious. TI10 aforesaid dealer who supplied it conse quently will bo arraignod for this nefarious outrage 011 tho Biicred religion of the peoplo. Ho is said to bo an oldoily man, of gipsy, or at >, any mto Egyptian, extraction, and hailing originally from Soho, with whioh part of tho world ho still has dealings, It is further assorted that many startling displosuroa will bo mado revealing tho dxlatenoo, formerly of flqyoral .wholesale manufactories .offalso jowols, . ,eD|OUuainglyuexeouted ns tohAvp .dfifled doteo- jion qven.py .exports. . Two. .pf. ,tfjpao artificial diamond, mines, as tho manufaotpfiea msy bo oalled, are (said to have boon Jooated in America, whilo a third flourished in Ireland. This paragraph has sot mo speculating as to ; whether that eminent dealer will provo to be the once young Vasoano. Ho wauid now of course, bo an elderly man. - 1 shutt . keep mr evo on the Indian newspapers for an nocount oX too trial. " You aro so enterprising," said the mirVoi .to.theold moid) "always looking out for Mjy vrrinklos."- 1 : 