T I-3 E DISAPPEARANCE or MR. DERWENT. A MYSTERY, BY THOMAS COBB, Author of "The House by the Common," "Wedder. bur'se Will," "The Westlakes," &o.; Published by special arrangemsent twih Muesrs. Ward, Lock t Bowtden, Ltd. [ALL 0IGHTS RESBRVED.] CHAPTEIR XV. AreAULT AND DAITrRY. After dinner that evening Florenooce loft her cousin to his own resources, but at eleven o'clook camo down from Ann's room to bid him goodnight. " Don't lot them turn out the lights," he said. "It's 0o use my going yet. I may as well make myself comfortable indoors for another hour or more." She clspd herho handls nervously is she looked down into his upturned face. "No use going where ' shie faltered. "On the watch, to bhe sre," "Oh, Arnold," shea cried, "I hoped you had had enough of this," "Enooughl I I haven't .beogun. Why, Floy, I told you I meant to shadow that woman like death." "N over mind what you told me, Arnold. Don't do it ; please don't do it. Oblige mo inthis. lMr hairford was a friend of father', he is a friend of mine, and this very morning you called at his house and pretended that he was a friend of yours. Please, Arnold, give in to me in this." "Sorry, Floy, but it can't he done," he answered. "It puzzles me you take such an interest in the chap. You haven't kno;vn him three months all told. You go to bed, and wlhen I've discovered the truth, you 11 he thankful I stood firm for once in my life." Sho turned away very sadly, and Arnold began to repose upon two chairs. Shortly after midnight, he bcetno eageorgr to b doing something. It was a cool, fresh night, and he turned up his coat collar as he quitted the house. Thou he took his stand under the shadow of the largo sycamore tree, anti fixed his eyes upon the two gates of Forest Prospect. But though, with patience worthy of Joe Bodger, he waited thoro two weary hours, no sound fell upon his oars 0av0 the ,ttikiug of the distant clurch clock, echoed by another within the house, the rustling of the leaves, and the occasional crowing of a restleec chantlcleor. It was eleven the next morning when he came down to breakfast. "No luck last night," he said. "Of course, I put the Johnny on his guard. An awful juggmno I was I Wiell, Ploy, well seo who tires tirst I Arnold Derwent was not the only person In ltooktiold who perplexed his mind about the mysterious woman in black. After gooig dutifully to church on Sunday evening, Lizzo went to her iatoors cottage, a clean whitu building, with a roof of extremely ornamental thatch, standing at a coovenient dtdunce from the cuuro~yard-tau lield or MIr Mgfoide labours for so ml.ty yetrs that, at least as far as the living were con corued, no rrgardedl that domato a virtually hbs o0n proporty. " It a my opinion you sec a ghost, Lie.' said Mrs .luoftord, the only bacek-naioed membn r of the faily. ' vo seeon 'em my self, come to tiat. Take the night oluore poor Aunt Lorry tiled. ' "It wasn't Io ghost," declared John, the oldest son ; "I uvor saw a ghost. I lay she'd holloa if 1 Ilah. hos on nor. ' John tollowed up the assertion with a loud gufftw, as hu drew Ihs huge boots farther boneath his chair. " If it wasn' a ghost," sail Mrs Mogford. "I don't see no harm done. A poronu can walk what time nae likes and no harm done, ii ta be she to a person; w ha do you say, father ?" "1 say the same as you say, Emma," answereu hgfoed, who from long-eoxpcriencu found this a plan welch taved troalOe nid ilt-feelng. Hoe was a thick-act, bow-legged, dreay-faoed man, with a shock of brhlgta red hair, and an invariable eloell of eartll about his clothes. "VWell soon find out that 'ere," said James, the younger born. ' low'a that, Jim?' aked lizzio; "how are you going to find out " "ath and see, Liz. Ain't that reason? If you want to find out what a thing is, jut loot at it, And there y'ore. You're lu it, John ?" "I'm there, James." "I don't know but what I'll make another," said Mogford, senior; "eh, missus !" Betwoeen a desire to alfford her rash off spring the natural protectlon of their father and to preserve her husband from danger, Mirs Mogford wavered ; but at last the plot was hatched, and Lizloe told Florence all about it on Monday morning. Lattr in the day, meeting Owen Fairlord in the village, Florence stopped. le ssemred entirely to have forgotten his embarrusament at The Itookery the other night, and after some casual remarks, asked alter Anu. "She in dying fast,' was the reply. "Dr Viret doubts whether she will live through the day. I should not have left her, only he insisted that I should come out for half an hour." Whn presrently her small hand rested a moment n his rnather large one, shli longed yet did not dare to warn him of the rod in pickle. Not only wna Arnold on the watch, but the Mogfords also; aud, between lthon, surely 0 van mast be compelled to sulfer. And there was another, still more vigilant, entirely unsuspectod either by Florence or Owen. Joe Iodger, having gained an ink limg of the Megtord sohoeo at the Lton, regarded it as a drsign to talo the brcrdout of his own open mouth. But when, about five o'clock, tho oloudo whitch had beha lowermg all day burst tutionuly over hlook. feld, Joe rejoiced. If the Mogfords wareao ill-advised as to turn out, tlhey would scure only a ducking for their pain?; nobody elsa was Ihkely to follow thtir crxample I AtoorCdmgly, he himself trned m at eloven, and wea lying Itateniog to the rani patter ing on the roof overnnad, when hohei arda door oponod and oloord, and reohled his look-out just on time to see a tall, dark figure leave the gate, to all appearances toe aiaon uoacry tocpoot oA usual, oxcept that instead of, or, for all he could sRue, as weoll as, having tie lace hldden by a veil. an ambrtlia was holt low down over tlo hoat. Aedontly nas J long.id to fotloi, ho durat not, U. uLes the obvious dloltoUty that he wa s on t suitably cil at the Imouutt to brOvo toel storm if to Mgfurdle dutiod the eloemats ' wad toUod, ithre warul ensue a itru h, f vout cU'tI l r it w0 s aiootCo t Jo ahronted itrmJosilf. tlathoan tbhro road headl, covered by a many blak hats, waerta bod a?dtnld bio nhulohynd wal, a e ares Inleu ti-e Ilstc gate. lne rah boat piteoualy duo n iptn htem, uauenng t,.gorld seoter to wish no hit llolt thIn hIaaro to hon sons, woom n weather# Benod or and, rt ulO have kept fluei tht antaoliotoat sport. "'Al-ri anor," ejeoulatodo John, ae the ahbeci nolk setruock nall-tpnat otdnugho. "ltew muoh eionlit It thas's what I'd leto know," grinlblo alodflrdt trying to twit hnonireil sa ita hz nmat sihouald not niut Its way down lro notok. •"hlluel - ,tpim ,iniOO. " I hb-ooe sammatl ' hu'tleg their heads clote together, they ILannd teatirvely Ye, througn tho noleo el tho pourii- rein they utaeiluoooahlod lhenvy, regular Ioostois, appronthng nlouwly, ." Look ioro," m"i ustsurnddJ*ioc, moanol fathbr'il hide, walat yeu go to gntr, John. Ttou you'll tackle hor, anO-"" " flat me, Jamon. MSe and father'll bide while yoa go on ahtad," "Or maybo father'd be the best," answored James n, longer coveting the leadership. "Stik togethor, one and all, I say," answered Mugford. A thrill of suppressed exoitement was common to the threo. " ho'a comling." whfopered John. lnitalg their head above the nali they all peered over. Twro ate of teeth chattered, and Mogford, whose teeth were, for the most part, things of the pant, quaked in his ahgon. There was oon tall ligure in black, just as Lizzio described it, naveo the face was hidden by an nnbrella. The pourlngrain prevented the three watchers front clearly diotinguioh Ing any ldetail, exocept the loft hand hnng ing bare. At it drew level with their ambush, the Mogforde stooped lower anti rrept along under the shelter of the wall to. wards the lych gate. Then Mlogford senior opened it. " eVo won't stand no nonsense," said James, ovinoing a courteous desire to stay behind nod shut the gate; but the otheors waited for him, and three abreast they advanced to meet the tall black figuro. Stopping right In front of it, they effectually barred the way. Next moment the umbrella was raised, an?, to their utter astonishment and confusion, they found themselves face to face with Owen Fairford. He was clad in a long black mackintosh; and, what with the darkness of the night, the blinding rain, and their preconcuived opinions, t halt been quite easy to mistake his teo. "Well," he exclaimed, "what do you want ? You appear to occupy a good deal of the highway." Mogford felt that he was in a quandary. IIe scoaraly know what explanatlon to offer, and after rubbing Iris head for some seconds in confusion, stammered an apology, and, followed by his two aons, beat an undigniliod retreat As he deoolared subsequently, you might have knocked him down with a feather ; anJ hit wife aummed up the whole case :- " Liz is just crazed," she said. But the rsnidents of the night were not at anu ond yet. True to hlris word, Arnold Der oenthad watched and waitedin vain. If he had not paid that visit to Forest Pro. opoct, doubtless, as he continually told Florence, the woman would have come forth and delivered herself into his hands -re now. But to-night seemed to him pro p.tiaus. Owen Fatrford would not gtve tiut credit for sufficient perseverance to bravo tile elements. It wao exactly the night to throw him off Iris guard, exactly the ngnot to bring florth the woman whomn his wratbi fuina.n had recently confilned titiln doors. Accordingly, he camo out a little after lhall-pat twelve, having waited till the last mloent in order to reduce hlis inevitable tucking tJ the minimum, andtook his stand beneat the tay anore tree,. fe could not setnoucth through the slant. log lines of rain ; but about one o'clock, thinking ie heard footstep,s he carned hin head fra nod, and perrealnvmng a person in hIlok on too point of cttering the furthest gate of Furoat Prospect, ran swiftly along btsido the hedgo, ald himslf enotered tot orater gate, hoping to intercept the person beiorr the front door could be gained. Within a second of being too late, the door nearly olo.ed, to his excitement Arnold threw hitumelf l .inat It with atl his force. It illmaediately flew wide open, and, to lis surproau. he was confro.ttoh by O.ren stern, white face. ?oth Aruold persisted ; planting his right foot upon the mat, he attempted to make goold nm entry. " Leaae oly house," said Oson, looking down upon hlln threaternngly. But Arnold'. bho?tad ws tip, ond he was uo, the man to be turted back Iry a t:,reaf. Hl astopped for aald, tua Oen ilnunediately stepped taok, ttraightenod nto rtglot arml, stuoK the to trtdr fairly between the ryre, .nd sent him headlong on to ttu graeol pats. lie fai uponu is lio ow, ant rat an angle, amt ta the door was cle.nlg a second ttme ott:rod a loud cry of pain. "' Are you hurt l 'alked Owen, coming to hio aide. '" Good L rd I you have broken my arm I" S\'hat on otata doit you mean by forcmng yoar wry iata any nouso " demanded Owet, pla.oiog ms honda benoatl Atnold'o armpits 0o rattu him. SDona't jaw," was the answer. "Oive me a naudkerchlet-just snake a sling, Lo.ck sharp; a little more, and I'm hanged if I shan' go alick off." CHAPTIER XVI. THx DEATH OF ANS? A light was still burning in the hall of Thoe IRuuo ry as Owen aupp?rted Arnold to ward. it. Tno bull sounueo. load arulldst te stlenre of night, and a few mmutet oliyed 0efore Lizzie opened the doer. She was fully dressed, and a few yards behind her 'lorence stood, her oyes reen from weeping. "I made sure you had the latch-key," lthe oxclittmed. Then recogninomg Owen, and rr?ettmbring tno purpose ot her cuoa.n't xcaurioun, the blood dlew to her lace. ",o 1 have, but my arm is broken," he anewerrd. " For iGod' take send for Vlret to fet it, and get olo out of pain." The wounded limb lay in a sling roughly tied by weo, whlstla Arnold, looking olant and pale, clasped it with his lft lohanu. 'Chuy led him into the dining-room, and Lizoie lighted a lamp. " Toll tne what i can do I" cried Florence, full of sympathy for his obvious pamn, and of wonder Athe canuse of he dlisaatr. " Nothing, only send for \orit. While they're gone you can got some scissors and out my coat off." I will foetch Dr Viret," said Owen, and next minuthe I t was once more braving the tormt, nor slackened hi pacU until Ilt haud rwa up0on to hbell at Tno Laurels. Tiger baltked continuously uunt alter a fot' oioauter' Interval, Or Viet holntolf came down, fully dreaed, in the axprctation of a uummons to Ann's deathbed. "Mr Fatrluord l" ha ejo:ulotod. t'erhaps Owen was the last man he would have nalnted in all the world. .'I eaum from Mida Derwent. Her cousin has broken lios arm." " Dr. \'rrut strode towards the laboratory. " Comeo this way,, Mr oattlfurd. orlloe hin arm, hao he o' OweO entered after oitt, tnd when the lamp was I'glted, glance. round thl r0um t tln t?? flounttoo1t t00nab0e. " I know I must htvt a splint a0me0 0llto,' said Dr. Vlret, opouins ou drauer alftr anotler. 'I had a couple down twncu ma ooanouoan frooturel his aro thtol? years ago. Atb, leroe e a rn.' Hl ie to the .apilint, a cullo ot linat, and sowt strpiplop. '.1 ':ly as oll take some aulttulurlnt no added, an an altcrthougtt. 'Tnau ttl t oao u lllt tLe hoause, Iollowd by 1tget 1 and as ttLy 0al0k1 oluohtly to. wards too lane Dr. \'ritt Iotlro tlotw ito acridntO happt od. "l'lhrough me, to soUt extenta," Otwon naustruod. "I had bonu fur a .troll--" •".tm l a rough ntight for a s?ttUI, Mr. Fairlurd." " rSn,"' Oto cr onttued, nut l.edtung t?o remrark, "' was reuntvtttt alty loutu a000t one o'ulock, on tile toln uo uollug totoa do.r, whun ala. ouo thrtow OIt "taulu "0lght tgotoot it. It flouw poal, nttd I ain Lalt ittO. 010 toel poraitoud 0 trorig filtt opy t, tt t uatla.lyl 1 roctua uut h .ntautt. Ito lto .alaoL000 Ltbot tLa0L ttoy steoti, .0t .l.,otln)o ollotoy rtIIoo naid uOtoroUn.Oooy Do lull oiool aro rt 0L00 nI ota ooy a ataplnlo " Nanw erhltapa ha ovill be tatloliod," tail Or. Vi'att, .0tt00r toitrlt 0000 to Itt, oololloaoUotU t ".Ij 0 t fi Outto 0l ? 0IU thfe oil,-go at ue otlook: lotlia gutuooymg Or 001000, t y O ttoYrmsoU tU aaonuUILt~L thi0 alng •aaaoOfwy to'lool aluuourt. "I o'uootao." Onun'a tone 0a0a noythfoog ratler than oaoauroogtg mrid Or. 'atroo Itsam? ?nlnt 1 00 Is1 oora atu's ta ,r writst broughgt yan 'o Yet, lr. \'trot, I am afraid it is." Lb'tur ?nu o roU nL thlo 0I0000 tool led ibt, ViltoT at utcO to ortuold. FPr nttt lotttot UOooU ltt otudratota lrtOttatv? trn ltl0h an iar et duturllfioatton foloioott her into tio dotlllg' "tilit overi doatur I" rolot' Atnold, kitow wbalt orltoaoaa, Poitolati toiti Italod ode. \'iara pt ,a thoa glaY rstolo pelrt buhtln on the table bonido t10 o.hor arfig1ro, "Good man I" Arnold oxolaimed, with an air of relief. Tuen Florence was sent away, and Dr. Viret immodiately got to work I and when ato arm was not, Owen helped Arnold into bed. " Bid for you all, thie," said the doctor, meotnig Flournce on reaching the hall cgaon. " You haven't turned in yet-three o'look, too. Hfow'e Ann ?" "Sao in dead," was the reply. "She died at halfpant twelve. It wae terrible to meo her at the last, battling for power o1 -pe-oh, as if she longed to say a few last words.." Owen folded hie arms and turned away an her tears began to flew afrerh. "You'ro bettor alone," said Dr. Viret. " I'll come over to.morrow and talk about Aon's funeral." Owen followed the doctor out of the house, and stopping at hi. own gate, asked abruptly,- "\Vet in to result from all thin ?" "Dorwent willnave to keep quiet a few weeks, and be a little more Abstemious." "I meant rather regarding myself. Of course, I am sorry the man is hurt. I am wondering whelther he will makeo a noise about the affatilr." " He knows he brought it on himself," Dr. Virot answered. "If a mon tried to enter my house, I should servo him the amnoe. Come, Tigoer. Good.night, Mr Fair. lord." Joe Bodger from the hayloft window saw Oen appronch the door. During the last two hours he had endured all the pains of Tantaluo. He had awaited anxioualy the result of the encountor with the 2iogfords, and been astonished to see the tigure re-enter the garden alone, and apparently unharmed; stdl more astonished to sea another dusky form dart in at the second gate, to hoar sounds of a struggle, end Arnold'n yell of pain. TJ?t the ause of this proved to hbe Owen himself, instead of the woman, surprised him less. A suspicion of somethng of the kind had lilled his mind for some time past; but ouncerning the purpose of these nightly wonderinde Joe remained as much in the dark as ov0r. Although it was early morning when F lorouc retired to rest, ahe came downstairs only an hour later than uoal, and looked up in astonishment when Arnold entered the room before she finished breacfast, \hallet Owen fetched Dr Virot last night, Arnold, in short, disjointed suoenence, gave her a hurioed accouuc of hie accident; and, wilst hardly blaming Owen fur reslting hli couniu a ocruoieo, it was entirely impossible to wilhnold her sympathy from the nuoffrer, nilom, in fact, she had expected to be an rnraitd, keeping his room fur several daveys. I'erthap Arnold stood higocr un her regard hliu mornmg than sincu theo rst day or his rutur to liotokield. "It gives me a twinge now and then," he said, answering her cuquiries. ' But I'n a oad hand at lytig up. Itook an hour to dress myself, and you observe I haven t omad. a very good jell of it yet." His coat, buttoned acro.s the cheet, hung like a c.po outside his arms, his gooU lumourod race loosed pale, and black pa?ches were visiblo under i. eyes.o "' Beosdos," he added, " I knew there was the funeral to see to. I cay, Fluy, you'll ,ave to out up my fuod. I'm hk au infant, you klnow." Suo organ to attend to em wanta as he talked on. "'To tell you toe truth, tdon't ca;e to play seonod hndle to Vfret en vertthing. lne to baomy y, and I don't s.n why I shouldn'r. Wi'ncrc are you going to bury the woman? Guood oli Anu I" ' Ac the expenseo of the funeral will fall upon Dr Vuo ,' ho answered, "1 can't very wemll ucuo anything tad I have noon luim tlin mnrtnag.'" " It nolln't cost much to bury anybody," he mOtatedr . Bcatus, toera's the grave all r?aly. You've only got to have it openred and pip Annu in.' " Motor a grave, you mean? ' " O ounrau. Wena other could I mean, Floyl" " outn-but there is apain fir only one more oolta, Arnold; anu--and if lather should return-" "My uear girl, he wont return. l'rao tieadly the gaveule mine, but I I glie up my ertu in It and wlooiine, 'ht on oearth in thu good of gomng to the expeuo of anomter, when tnlt is all ready ?" Nothiag could so curely betray Floren??e conviction that abheo w* never see her lato p;iIr, . If she had actually nourished enen thu fainteat hope untl now, surely nothing would have Induced her to yield to Arnulod a uggestron ; but it seemed to be just what the old faithful asrvant would have i.,hed, and ct would certinamly save nn outly whtcn must inovitably fall upon Dr After breakfast, whllat Arnold was ro" ciinig upon te sofa, Dr Viret arrived, and, havmg eoxamined the ureenings, asked for "neoru's Ann's funeral to talk about," he ,aid, "and the sooner it's all eottled the better." "It is all settled," Arnold replied. "' 1V talked it over at orootlast, aund we re going to bury her m the fanilly grave." "W'no suggeatod thatl" Dr Viret do manded. " Coi ato that, I suggested it. The grave is praotially mme, you know; and I offered it to Florence for Ann. It will nave upense, and It Seems the natural thig to do." "'Natural-I don't see it. Howevr,o' he added, "if your cousin wishes it that's enough." " Hoero she is," said Arnold, as the door opened ; " you can enquire for youraself.' " So you wish to lay Ann in your mother's grave" he askeid, taking her proffered hand. " Yes, I thought so, Dr Virat. If you see no oujetidon.'" "l-none in the world. If it in really your wish,. oly dent be ridiculous ; ar you sure the question of money does not arile.n ' lie appeared a little difficult to convince on this piuot, but at lant the matter wan dcidcld, and Arnold drew a breat of reliefi. " Enough of than," he cried. ", I say, doctor, I got bcautifully told last nigts, didn't i?' SYles, you scratcheod a lusean and found a Tartar. I suppose you i1 aduit your blunder now. Upon my word, you made o belove a woman existecd, too, between ' I believe still, doctor." "H' Il you've proety good reason for ecpl~ticlnnt." " Un," Arnold retourned, "I admit I was juggles, lnstead ci going quietly to work, 1 iU?t ''alrfrdon itii guard, Couneiluuueo, he thought heo would hoodwink nto. He took auveattgo of the rain to hido his face el an umbrella, and went out hintolf, in' .teod or tue womnn. Oh, I Cal toe through his little gane," thics oxploaatiou caused Florence not a little din.ppyoiutient. If Loazlo had suon onuly Oiwcu ~noll, there was noa the lebt need to believe that no pote.niud a lltn. Vut she could not sut Arnold's suggestion cutirely on onu side, as esu winhou. After all, it .uleti ait leoN poseible ta someo bstt ofhe t ,u lfor-'plut had rasuncd til. CIAr, uat tsLc hu Look those means to till tiinOiUoUI ?1ii oiut/1 wer now becomitg prn ooloiicn 1I toe vciaulg, utu when oHoen arrvwd that alteruoo, sheo felt sail un. It was a vlo to hc ond hall dreaded, hall louodllor nl iiey. "o eavrro won ta meond your cousin's broken ,otnu,' eosald, "'aeniect not muth teesay cg i umun't intond to Injule ilor Derweno. 'o a suited cxt?en, 1 anm alrand I dcd. McsaDlorwocna" he added gravery, '*co1l iit you caU't huip a groett dueal of ourolty aibout-atou?-' lc pcnUodi ill souo emnbarrasnment, and, alter a lomoentios hoitatlon, she looked Ilrnkly up iuto ilit face. curious, 'lr o,'lirlord." cuYou Ilil.at oIem sure you musnt," he contiluedd; " yet I can't oven attempt to naecy your courionity. I have no eoplana ious to o01r you-not a word; and the ournT oc it Ie, talt to a cUrtan dogees 1 foel IIehVU dcooLo'd you,' "Oh," sh rlod, "I iould not nacelato you iand deooit, not for an instant." 'Jeecank you." Io spoke with evident fervour, and then, after a short silence, added, "I know I am subjecting you to a severo strain, and oaly to stisfy my own egoiem nothing lso, nothing in the world. But I want to ask you, Florence, for pity's sake don't judgt by appearances, however con elusivo they may seom." To her tee moment was an intensely im portant one. There aopesrod a certain sanctity about thie interview, and she put aside the conventionality which would have regulated their intercourse in an ordinary way. " I have never questioned, never doubted for a moment. Of course, I soo your life is shadoweod by somo mystery, by omethoing very Fad and painful. I-I only wish it were in my power to help you." " Youdo holp me," hoaanswered. ' You help me by the very desire ; more than I can toll you, more than you will over know. You give me the two things that are almost the sweetest in the world-your trust and sympathy. And," hbe added. drawing him self more ereat than usual, "I think I deserve them." He took his hat from the table and stood with it a moment in his hand. Presently he drew closer, and she heard her own heart beat as she waited, wondering what he would say next. lut it was only good-byo, and in another minute he had left her. CHAPTEII XVII. NeLWa AT LAST. It was Thrsdany morning, and the day fixed for Ann's funeral. Toe blinds ware all drawn down at The Rookery, and the sun shone upon them hotly, and the flowers looked cheerful in the garden. Mindful of Florence's slightest wisb, as usual, Dr Vtret had volunteered to follow the old servant to the grave. There was none besides; and she had gratefully amssnted. The funeral was timed for one o'clock, and at half-past eleven Florenoo eat reading the morning newspaper, whilst Arnold lay wearily on the sofa, caraening his woundtied arm, when the visitor's hbell rang. To their aoto o.ohmeat, Owen pushed past the housemaid, and, unceremoniously enter. ing, ignored Arnold, whom he had not seen ainee the night of the fracas, and walked quickly towords Florence. " I bring bad news l" he cried, evidently lahoutri.g tndeor tunaoe excoitement. "About father i" elt faltered, blanching to the lips, her face looklrg suddenly all eyes. " "Mr Derwent's body is found." Arnold rose from the sofa, not at all quickly; doubtless his broken arm made his movements more careful than they used to be. " Good Lord I' he exclaimed. Florence sank back into her chair again; hereyca quite dry, a terrible, stricken ex preslon to her face. '?haero whero i" she gasped, barely able to form the words. Tell me quickly ; let leo hear the worst. e can bear it." SIn--for Gld's sake be brave, Florence," Owen continued,-in your mother's grave." As he leaned over her she bent furward, and whilst ner eyes seemed to protrude, and her lip.s ,ro parted with horror, tightly gripped Oen's lIft arm. "I was paslong the churohyard," he con tinued hurrtodly, "and seeing a crowa , entered. The coffin lay beside the grave, its Lid jast being replaoed." " Wny-why did they take it offi" ehe cried. Arnold was pacing up and down the room. The moat canual observer might nave per. eiwed th?t taee news watch tilled her wiet horror afooeted atm very differently. His handsome, good-humourel face wore a look of elatlou ; hi exciltment was obvious. "* On opening the grave just now," Owen explalued, "Mlogford saw tuat the upper mo.t cotlin had been tampered wife, atn seut fr sergeant Cadmnu. In toe aergeaut'e presence he removed tne lia; it was hold only by tour sacrew.. Inreadnf your mother ocrpeo, he saw Mr DOetwntae. "'At any rate," otled Arnold, "the m stery i solved at last." Son noticet him for the first time since Owen's arrival, and tia attltuse tilled nor with diegust and aonerrence. Even at tai. tmoment, ao awful for her, ho could mank only of his own advantage 1 Alm I : , eat falling off from .hL Z,;0.u of her Imaglnation. · ?abt L all I know," Owen said quIoky, al if to slur over the other' a anducK ' They were going to bring nte cotin hero. I wis afraid loes you should see a unpreo parer-" "But mother I" Florence mnrmre'd, " my darling mother I that have they done with her ? ?hero have they aolen nor to t Oh, it is awful?-worse tean any one could have oltgined ! It i bararousl I Itmust ho the work of some ghoul !" Whilst she spoke, In all her earliest agony of mimd, and in the terror which the news mplreod, the tramp of heavy fret was heard without, and, with a glance ather Atohb face, Owen opened the door and tlefa the room. '"I told you Uncle Roderick was dead," cried Arnold trreppenbly. "I would nave worn to it, Weall" he added, repeating htm.elf, "it' all cleared up now, at any rate." "Cleared up! It is a thousand times more mysterious toan ever," the retorted. "Cleared up ! \VWll itever be cleared ap? Who could nvoe murderedtather, desecrated mother's grave l'" Silence followed, broken only by her quickly drawn breath, tao ticking of too ulson marble clock on the manteltoeeo, and Arnold's retlesse pacing bac and forth. veon at this moment his movements irritated her, and she longed tou hid bun be atil. Then no stopped. Florence held her breath, and it matgn have been her fancy, buo a deeper ailence seemed to fall upon too room. Sno could hear in another mnlut flootaepsa on the atairs, as of men labouriog utth a heavy burtnea; then silence again, till the do?r opened to admlt Owen. 1 noave taken many lhborties," he said, comlug to her aede; *"' have been ordering your servants abuou a aIf they were my own. The ouvlit has been carried upLtalrs." ' To ate own room?." " I thought youea would prefer that." Already on was upon ol hstr toot. ' \Vil it be h owaue to rest oven there 1" she nxcla?iao . "I must sea him, Mr Fair ford." tle opened the door immediately. Any one woo knowr nor must be aware that a strong wail underlay nor ordinary gracioma Tno coffllin, staued just as it was taken from uoo grave, auoo. upon three oneas at the foot o tan beu, and Arnold on onu aide, Foorence on the other. UOwo ilted it ltd and teaotd it agaiun? t aleal deng-tabl be lolked uo.n upon too dearly loved lfv. Unthinkingly, ael hat eepuuted tosoe t as in ulla, or at tno worst, pau and placid, at bur mutuot' had ou whn ew n ane saw it the l1.0 time. Id, in nas Arnold who seemed the most doeply alln'toe by too gna.tly trealty. I'h o.hua to nlt a)teOnr e.u.ed oy nla broken arm may have had nmuch to ro With utls. tuce doouday hu Itn not been like nmaoult, nt wf.,)Le. t nha counu nmurely bnnouert and coverdt Ler loao waro nor hauuo, be aodggeorel b.uh da, ane wuJnd nhave ,lln 11 V'an na nut codeu o 0 ani ed. t LiVne a womau, n I1 no.' he said, a minutouttrtr. "'1 ueoe o m a toueurmar to' he sort ot thing, teo, at Studne anoa. in alu? trurnodt me up, though, and no Illo UOce outside the door, Oowen turned to " Y omu nst not stay here,"ho urged. " In t" Ok, utae, than's all rot " said Arnold, at lthy rentorera the dlumrurome., "' I lit Owen took no notioo of his intcr iefface, and, rmodst all lIer grtel, 'oortaoo toer Vircs is eager to receive you," he orgrd again. "Lot me take you ahore at 'or a few momnots aho hoesitated, Arnold eagerly watoomag her. But alter what sue hau seen of ull to day, his perounoe teurmud an adotlinal reason for her eodu, and preestaly abe .L1t the room to got roady. "I say," Isid Arnold, its lsltrel mo you take a precious lot upon yourself, Fairford. However, I can forgive you a good deal for brlr geg the none." oiureone could not leave homo, for ever as eho believed, without mury a poang; yet che faet she could not remain whlt't our lather's corpdo was there, and her aousm rejoiling at ?Soo bhdo raold good- bye, barely tounohing ha pretffred hand, and accompaueod Owen aooes to garden and along th quiet road. ' Your ousin tlhinkas I nave taken ratera too nuch upon myself," he said. "I hope you don't eanna tbat opinion I" "No," she answered. "I am very grate ful." Searcely another word passed. but when they drew near the onurchiard, he quietly lued her right arm and placed it upon his left. A small throng bad gathered there at out tooe grave, and no Inoreased the pace until they entered Dr Vtreat' lodge gates. Tle doctor wao crossing tene tal as they came to the door, and directly he opened it, aatomnshed to ceo Florence and Oweu tog cher, ahe ran towarda him. "They have found father!" she cried. " Found his body, and-and brought it homn." For a moment the news seemed to take hi, breath away, too next he was leading our Into the laboratory. Not waiting to be questioned, In her excitement she soon told "r?e lay in mother's colfin," she said, breathiesly. " Oh, Dr Virat, where have thuy taken my darling mother ? ' It was thbu wauch ashuked her so cruelly, almost more deeply than the confirmation of her worst fearo concerning her father : that hbr mother should have been spiritd away. "iHave you seen the body?" Dr Virea asked, after Owen had given further parri culars. " Yer, I have seen it,"she replied. "I foet I must mee it. Bat it is not father-I cannut realise that it is my father. It frghtoned me. But, Dr Viret, tell me what they havo dune with her? Where havethey baken my mother " Dr Virot rooted a hand tenderly upon her shoulder, and, turning to Owen, looked e•gnutioantly into hn face. ' lthougul t it better Miss Derwent should not remain at Tne Linrels," Owen said. b Ulu.a there in anything I coan do-' "Aboutb this woman's funeral," exciaimed Dr Viret. "F Time i getting on. Some ona ought to followher. No use asking Darwent, and I can't go now. You see, my dear," hb added, turning again to Florence, " there will be an inquest; most lhkoly to- morrow. Snmebudy must be present on your behalf. Edwarua, of course. Tnere is no time to write; barely time to travel to London, and reach his ottice before it closes. I must catch the next train. But who is to follow Ann?" Florence did not like the idea of the old servant being land in the eartn and no olurner present to pay the last mark of renpeot, and mn her perplexity looked appean iugly at Owen, wno, oastautly perceiving her wih, seo forth to obey it. Afteir summoning his nonuekeeper, a tiny woman of axty, wihn white hair and a taued luuking tace, but gentle, .kindly manners withal, and leaving liurenuo to nor arae, Dr V'ret quickly iolowed Owman from hme houae. On nu way to the nation, he atuppod a the village past office, and dospatuned a beleg am to Mr Eln'ards: • "nrwn'ana body tounu. Coming to con cult you." Thun he strode towards the station, and was soon on the way to Lauoen. (To be Contmued). 