CYCLING. £Br "WHEELS.] FLSTUEEB GITY. AUGUST. 10\. Track contest <third. <lay). X Bee the Victorian League are iiawking the championship about again. The last championfillip meeting ought to have been a lesBon t them. Annual meetings generally provide little diversion, bnt the exhibition given by a certain member, who undertook to " knock spots off th report," and enlighttn members agtccftlly, was as good as a nigger show. 1 It was a pity that the persolSfotook the flare" so early in the evening didnot think i worth his while to obtain correct information a to the expenditure, etc., before ynftVing such stopid assertions. It must have been particularly galling to him to find,alter all, that he was actually responsible for a great portion of the expense incurre Xt is reiy nice to hare a convenient memory, but when it serves you such tricks it 16 time get another. His references to services rendered were ad mittedly in bad taste. " Sell-praise is no recommendation," and, if I mistake not, just because he fell out with the committee he de clined to collect anything for the last intercolonial meet, and left Mr W. Brown to do it by liimflftlf. Mr Beaumont is always good, but his stingin replies to the carping criticism of "our ^wflid friend" fairly brought down the house. She reference to the historic " lecture" was particularly fine,and caused endless amusement, though X am afraid that the sarcasm was throw away on the person at whom it was levelled. I could only findJoe, I would give two to on that* e somebody we know" doesn't see where the joke comes in even now. Bat there! som people can't see a hole in a ladder. .After read ing over my tips for the recent Road Bace at least a dozen times, after torniug it upside down and reading it backwards, he finilly ^mp to the conclusion that I was a fit inmate for a lunatic asylum. SOly noodle! I would have tipped him, too, had he entered! though I know that he doesn't stand the ghost of a show against Harmon on the road. How they titter, how they laugh, How the cyclists grin and cliafi, When they hear the. greatwm.n gravely declare That the •writer is as mad aa an old March ha Ha! ha!l : If I were called on to give advice to a very de friend, X would say:—Thomas (this is an assumed name), Thomas, X beseech thee, leave o kicking against the pricks, or the day will surely come when they wQl turn and rend thee!—Scripture. 