A MAN'S lOTHER-IN-LAW: It is a mystery which no one has yet solved, why so many sad jokes are con stantly being perpetrated about a man's mother-in-law. What dreadful crimes iias the unfortunate woman committed in providing the'man with his wife that he should bear suoh an undying grudge against her? ' Now if it was a woman's motherin law, who was made the butt of these jokes there might be a grain of sense in them; for it is the man's mother who has it in her power to make life a burden to the young wife and not half try. ? ' ' '. As a .matter of fact, a woman i3 usually proud and fond of her soniri law if he only gives her the ghost of a chance. When the young ccuple first go to house-keeping who is it that comes in and with her good sense and practical experience tides them over the rough places? A man's mother-in-law. It js the woman'B mother-in-law who is most apt to criticise, and who ex asperates the young wife by quoting all too frequently, ' My son is ubed to have' things thus and so.' 'My son must have this or that for his meals.' 'My son, with his small income, should have married a prudent, economical woman,' etc. . ' ,' When the' first baby makes its ap pearance, as well as the successive ones. who is it that' steps in and relieves the hueband of lm weary vigils, and takes the load of care and worry off. the wife's feeble shoulders, and keeps the house hold running smoothly ? ' The man's mother-in-law. When he and his wife plan to take a little trip together, who is it comes in and takes charge of the house and children, so that they can peacefully enjoy their holiday, with the restful thought, ' Mother ib there and it-will be all right?' The man's moiher-in-law. When there ia sickness or trouble in tho house, who is the faithful nurse, the wise counsellor, the sympathising friend? ??,.*-??'? ' ' The man's mother-in-law. And if, in the course Of events, the wife dies, who is it that usually comes in and takes care of the children, and keeps up the home .till the .bereaved husband has time to look around and. find another wife ? ? A man's mother-in-law. And how does he reward her for all this .devotion ? ' . , .' . By making heartless jokes at her ex pense and publishing them for other men to snicker' over ! ' ' Ingratitude, thy name is Man. - 