THE PIRATE TEN A SALT-WATER ROMANCE. By W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of "The Golden Hope," "A Sea Queen," "The Wreck of the Grosvenor," '"The Frozen Pirate," "The Death Ship," "The Good Ship Mohock," &c.; Published by special arrangement, with the-author. All rights reserved.] ' Chapter XXVII.—(Continued.) The commander stood besido the body ot Trollope gazing down at the dead face. He lay sideways. The wound was hidden, and Boldock saw a handsome gentleman lying- in death. He lay a very line figure of a man, and Boldock thought that he at some time in his life had met him. " I may recall you some of these days," mused the commander with the velocity of thought standing for a minute beside the body. "That you were a gentle man is certain, no doubt an officer in the army. A base end, an ignoble end ! What did you do with those qualities with which you might have made a respectable, even a shining figure upon this brief stage ? God forgive.us all. Why did the Dane kill this man V He lifted his wide straw hat to wipe the sweat from his streaming face, then turned from the body, calling to a couple of hands to carry it to a foremost cuddy cabin. Trivett came up to him. "A sharp business," said'-the commander, " and far bloodier tljan I wanted.'1 It couldn't bo helped, sir." "No. - They foughfcliice true children of Satan." . •' "Like Englishmen,-siri" said Trivett. "Getbuckets and:swabs for these decks," the - commander shouted. "Been hurt,: Trivett ?' j " Bit of a thump over the back of the head, sir; nothing to talk of." "We have three men wounded," said the commander. "One man's badly hurt in .the mouth. The mate of this barque will report other injuries.' I believe we have come off pretty lightly. The rogues were handsomely armed, but shot wildly or their first disoharge should have dropped more than three of us. Is Miss Mansel on deck ?" " She's right aft-near the wheel, sir." "The fellows are in irons?" " They are,,sir." . • V : "Well, get the decks Washed down, Trivett, and—stay." He rushed to the side and looked over. "Just so!" lie shouted, "Trivett, we must get that longboat aboard. Keep all shaking aloft till the boat has been fetched and stowed." He then went on to the poop. The little combat had been fierce and long, long at least for numbers so unequal. The sun was high, the wind small, the sea floated before the faint northerly wind in a breast of shivering satin down to where the dim pearly square of the brig's canvas took the eye. The barque had been held to the wind during the struggle, and the longboat lay about ft quarter of a mile dis tant on her quarter. Miss Mansel stood beside the wheel watching her. When Bol dock approached she turned and seeing him ran to meet him." .: ■ "■ "Are you hurt?"'she cried. " Not to the extent of a hair of my head, my dear," he answered. ,• "How the wretches fired 1 It was a perfect storm of shooting. L listened in the cuddy shivering.,' > If one ball had hit you. . " It is pleasant to be thought of in this way. It is a novel sensation to me. There's been nobody to think of me, fair or foul, since my mother died-." ' . " That's filtered," said Miss Mansel. . She was "about to ask after the prisoners; some men came along to enter the quarter boat which lay floating in. the water alongside and interrupted: her. One was Harry the Dane. He looked with a scared .though brilliant gaze at the commander and tumbled quicldy into the mizzen chains before the rest. Boldock did'not address him. He called to one of the others. "Any of-you meii: injured ?" "None of us here, sir.. There's a man dead in the fok'ale. :' " Ha!"groaned Boldock. The seamen dropped over the side. " It was that scoundrel Dane who killed your friend Trollope, Margaret." " Is Trollope dead ?" she exclaimed.. " Killed by a dirty little mutinous foreigner in absolute disobedienceto iny orders. I will see how he is to be punished- for -it. r -L.dpubt if there is any Jaw- that under the circum stances will enable me to get at the scoundrel." "Captain'.Trollope' dead !" murmured the girl.7 "Ah® others of them killed ?" "All unhurt in'irons:in the steerage." They stood watching ;the men bringing the longboat to the;ship, and they talked of the fight, and Miss Mansel asked the commander if he saw-tho look- on Qal'dwelTs face when he saw her ?— "It was not a favorable .moment for obser vation,". said the commander. ".I tripped him on a sudden rather.- easily";' I thought, and fell with him-and on him.-He carries the aspect of a. wicked character. -The handkerchief con victs him as one of them. I should like to know who was the other." " It is'.like a dream," said-the girl. "Yet I could swear that the other was Mr. Davenire." . Mr. Matthews rose upon the ladder and came in liis slow walk along the poop. He looked pale and hollow as though just out of a hospital. "Sorry to say there's a hand dead in the fok'sle, and the others seem in a bad way. I've .done what I could for them." \- . "The villains should have surrendered and saved this lp3S of life," cried the commander, stamping his foot. ' . " As icamealong," continuedMr. Matthews, " your bo'sun told me that one of the pri soners had gone mad. I put my head over.the hatch to listen and heard the voice of Mr. Caldwell shouting. It mainly concerned you, Miss Mansel. Yon; and the man Masters. -D'ye remember him ?" The worm-eaten, rather good-looking chap, that was. believed to have losthisjiearttoyou." ".I'd rather not hear such things," said the commander'stiffly, whilst Miss Mausel's cheeks began to glow. " What is that dreadful Caldwell saying ?" said the girl. " Oh,: he was shouting and shouting, and all I could .collect was—but lie swears so—'I never would have shot you, you wretched idiot, if I'd known.she was alive. Why in the name of brimstone did yPu challenge me for a dead woman, as you thought her? There's Davenire here will'tell- you we did it in the interest of the gang, for your sake, you—' here he began to snout and rave again, but it was all to the same effect. He's gone mad and is talking to the ghost of Mr. Masters, and I never heard the others speak a word." "Caldwell'sassistant then was the giant!" said the commander. "Ihave all along said it," exclaimed Miss Mansel, and she . appeared to watch the pro ceedings of the two boats. "What's our programme now, sir?" said Mr, Matthews with a slow gaze of fatigue and horror at the distant brig. "Up helm for that craft there as soon as ever you like," answered the commander, " and a straight course for the island, where I hope we shall find the -gold. Refresh your self first, pray, and Mr. Matthews, let the hands ha ve a bumper all round. Get that boat stowed as .smartly as the men are able to do it; and Margaret,- come below, my dear, and help me to find the materials for a glass of ffrog," Postscript. The story of the issue of this daring and long memorable enterprise may be entrusted to Miss Mansel, who sent a copious account of the whole of .the transactions on board the ships " Queen" and " Wellesley" to her aunt, Miss Julia Home, Richmond, Surrey, -Datingfrom Sydney, N.S.W., after six sheets of close writing she proceeda.thus:— '■ Whien this dreadful fight. was ended, Robert, who was kindly permitted by Mr. Matthews to remain in command of the barque until the island was' reached, ordered the vessel to be Bteered for the brig,'which was still in sight like a little piece .of paper at the end of the sea. Sail was made (I cannot help express ing myself in the language of nautical men) and we very soon overtook her. We then sailed in company through the night. "Robert- did not -at all like the idea of leaving the 'Queen'(meaningme) for the brig, but he had ultimately to shift his quarters, for duty is diity at sea, and I would - not consent to live in a "stuffy little cabin when I had got a beautiful airy bedroom and a large drawing and dining room and noble esplanade, as it might he, all to myself. He is an honest dear fellow,' but when I get to know him more in timately I shall entreat him never to talk to me in the language of love. You cannot be lieve what a ragout his face makes of senti ment. Indeed hd is no beauty, hut ho is a gentleman and a man of courage and piety and a sailor, and I would not exchange him for the handsomest man in the army. Besides I cannot forget that I am a beggarly governess without any prospects here or at home, and I do think myself wonderfully lucky and greatly obliged to the villains who would have drowned me. "Though Mr. Caldwell ceased to make a noise there could be no doubt he had gone out of his mind. Robert went down into the steerage, which in our ship was a little com partment under the cuddy deck where there happened to be no wool; you gained it by a manhole and.a short up- and-down ladder; he descended into this steerage, where the prisoners lay lielpless.in irons. They had been regaled, however, with beef' and beer. In deed the rascals wanted refreshments. They had spent the night in an open boat and they had been fighting - like demons, as Robert would say—why do'demons fight? Ho tried to coax some Intelligence about the gold out of them, and they in return sought to Dribe him. "Tiitruiio «mrl nnr Give us that longboat and our liberty,' said the giant Davenire. "Give us meat and drink for a fortnight,, -give „us ar.-chance in short to escape the horrors to which I sup pose you mean to carry us, and I swear by my heart's . blood to tell _you where the gold is, and you shall be deceived, so help me God, in nothing.' "Such a proposal, of course, could not be listened to. Robert, looking at him in his stern way—and he can look very terrifying, I assure you, when vexed by his men, or when things go wrong—said— '"You are one of the persons wh'6 tried to murder Miss Hansel. There sits the other man,'said he, pointing to Caldwell, " who was squatting in a dark corner, scarcely visible, sometimes mumbling and sometimes chuckling, j but clearly giving no heed to what was passing. 'God lias visited' him,' and his punishment is hard enough. The young lady whom you gagged and threw oyerboa.rd has consented to be my wife, and I shh.ll not lose ' sight of you when we get ashore,' Mrl I Davenire.' ; ' The huge man made no reply,'; Robert said. The rest kept silence and Robert came i away. . "We were off the island earlynext morning. When I awoke and came on. deck I beheld;a beautiful scene of bright green land, most sweet and refreshing to the. sight after long days of blue water. It lay out upon what is called the port beam. Soon afterwards both vessels anchored. Robert from the poop of the Queen incessantly viewed the land through a glass, but told me he could see no sign of the men. "'Depend upon it,', said'he, 'they are in hiding. The boat left the-island yesterday on a piratical cruise; that is," with the idea, since they had lost the barque, of falling in with a small vessel suitable to their purpose, seising her, and sending her people adrift.. Look how well they,are armed.' " I suggested that if the three men were not on the island they niight have been killed in quarrels. '"We shall soon find that out,' he ex claimed. •' "Before he went ashore he entered the steerage to exhort the prisoners^ .to tell him where the gold was hidden'; he said that a con fession would be of great use to them, whilst their silence could simply.siguify nothing but the inconvenience of detention, for he was de termined not to leave the island without the nuggets. "Davenire asked if the island was in sight, and being answered enquired if the.'commander had been ashore. This was all' he . said. He grinned fiercely at the others, Robert told me, who were as dumb as dogs. Quite as likely as not that wretch of a giant was hoping and thinking that the nuggets, would not be found, that something, would befall to free him, so that he could return to the island imdue course properly equipped, and possess himself of the whole of the gold. Surely he or the others would have confessed the hiding-place but for some such wild dream. "Caldwell had been taken qui;, of the steerage and put into the cabin ;into which Trollope's body was conveyed. I think I told- you that 'the remains of that, miserable man were buried in the evening. Caldwell was now gloomily and dangerously' mad, and needed a sentinel with a truncheon. He was safe enough, however, with irons on his feet and handcuffs on his hands, and in .this dreadful degrading condition" Robert. told me hb lay in a bunk cursing his watchman, blab bing secrets of horror and blood, and grimacing with the face of Satan at the upper deck. - "Well, very soon after the ships were anchored the longboat—that historic longboat —was'lowered into the water and eight men and Robert entered her. . I confess I cried when Robert went. I knew there were but three men—if three—if any. Yet supposing three, they had the means of killing, without pausing to reload their weapons, eighteen people. There went "but nine, and my heart sank and my tears flowed when I thought that Robert might'he shot. "The south sideof the island had been exactly described by the Dane. A curve of land formed a small harbor. I noticed a. fine stretch of white sand which ludicrously enough painted a vision of Ramsgate, and I daresay the humors of that town were not unrepre sented in that island if Mr. Burns was one of the gentlemen who were ashore,. for besides being continuously under the influence of bottled beer he was a person of vulgar but very sprightly wit.. " The boat went ashore at eleven o'clock in the morning. It was very fine weather. Indeed wo were most fortunate in this respect throughout. The ships lay with their topsails beatingin pulses of light and shade as theylightly rolled upon the smooth undulations. . Many birds glanced like showers of broken glass over the island and some drew near oh arched wings with coarse shrieks. ■ They were.evidently not used to being disturbed by visitors. • William was in the longboat. Robert had refused the services of: Harry, pronouncing him: a con temptible little murderer, unfit to oppose men in a'fair .fight. , • -"I,watched the boat through an opera, glass as she grounded upon the beach and two men were left in charge of her. This reduced the strength of the commander's little, company, but of course it .was necessary that the boat Bhould be watched. Likewise there was the chance of her being seized by the three men rushing down upon her. But that was/a risk not to be seriously apprehended.. "What use could they make of her? . The brig's boat would fetch Robert and his party, who would immediately give chase to tho robbers. ■ I should add that tlie boat was without mast or sail, for these things the commander did not require to go ashore with. , "Well, I.watched Robert and his six men march along the white sand. Robert trudged with a cutlass in his grasp. The others were armed with the like weapons as well as muskets, and pistols, and they entered a little, valley, or, as I might say, a sort of hollow in the wood that was very thick upon this part of the island, and disappeared. - "Then for two hours we could' get. no news either by eye or ear. Impatience became a torment. I longed and yet dreaded to hear the crackling of firearms that I might know mattershad been brought to ahead.'" At about 1 o'clock, feeling a little faint, I went into the cuddy to get some wine and cake.^ When I got back to the-poop I saw a dark line oh the beach, and when I looked through the glass I counted a procession of ten men. My heart beat so hard that I could scarcely see.' "How ever, I was not mistaken. I looked again. They were , ten men, and I distinguished Robert, but not the rest, as they trudged to the boat. . . "Forgetting myself I shrieked in niy exoite ment to Mr.- Matthews, who. wai'busy with| some shipboard work— . f" They have got the men.' , "'Then,' says he, ' They'll have got the gold,' striking his leg hard in a manner of mar velling. " I had not thought of that; but was it so? Had those three men shown Robert' the place where the chests were concealed ? The island Was a dot of land to look at, but a great tomb for a few chests, and if those inen chose to keep thesecret of the gold who was to s^y but that we might stop a whole year hunting and probing, the end without the and then sail away in the end without the nuggets? "When theboat drew close I saw.Cavendish, Johnson, and Burn among the crowd Which filled her. They jumped into the'chains (as the platform on the ship's side is called^ and climbed over the bulwarks, the seamen m the boat coming quickly after them. "I had observed that the three gentlemen stared hard at the barque whilst the , boat ap proached, . but I don't thinlc they dearly knew ivho I was until they were on board, . and then they stood as men petrified. They were white with astonishment. Never, could; ink convey their varying expressions of dismay and incre dulity, but chiefly amazement profound; and thrilling. Johnson spoke to .the commander, and they both looked 'at me. Johnson then whispered to Cavendish. Burn, stood a little apart. . ■ " " Cavendish looked the wickedest man you could imagine with his mean little eyes and sinister fawning expression and his ..chin un shorn and his hair wild as the wind that had blown ik The other, Mr. Peter Johnson, I had always rather admired for liis intelligent eyes; he was black bearded and a little.bald. Oh, aunt! Such respectable inen you would have thought to figure in so audacious, I may say murderous, a business! I heard Robert say, ' I shall not put you in irons, -but, gentle men, this is your road, and down there you will find a few of your old friends, ' and in a moment in obedience to a gesture some seamen laid hold of Mr. Cavendish' and Mr. Johnson and walked them out of my sight to the hatch under the break of the poop. . " Mr. Burn, was left standing just -where he had sprung from the rail and where the sight of me had nailed him. Robert said ' Step this ivay,' and Burn followed the_ commander into the cuddy. I gussed by this treatment that he had turned informer and was heartily glad. and relieved to believe it. I looked through tbe'skylight and saw them talking to gether at the cabin table, and presently the commander pulled out, a pocket-book, on a blank .page of which Burn made a Bketch. I heard the unfortunate man ask Robert for a glass of beer and r the commander fetched a bottle and a glass from the pantry, and after Burn had drank'lie began to cry, and then he spoke of Mr. Masters. He said that' lie ; had loved Masters and abhorred Caldwell for his murder (as1 he called it). Neither he nor Masters had the least suspicion that Caldwell aud Davenire. with the .knowledge of the others, had brutally gagged and thrown me into the sea. He and his friend, I overheard him say, were, never in close sympathy with the gang. Masters died in the desire to avenge my murder, and had he shot Caldwell he would have stood up a minute later to the giant Davenire. " I had never suspected any particular par tiality for me in Mr. Masters. He had been a very handsome man. He had the handsomest profile of any that ever I saw in human face. Any woman would have been proud to have reclaimed such a person. I was much affected and stepped away from' the skylight that Robert should not know I waa listening, for judging by his looks I thought he did not relish this passage .of Mr. Burn's discourse. "Presently 1" heard his voice distinct and loud under the skylight. '"I trust you have not deceived me? " ' I swear by heaven I have not,1 answered ' Burn,-in his bubbling voice full of tears and] beer. " 'You will enter that cabin and stay there. You are, of course, my prisoner. But your behavior has been very different" from "that of the rest, and when I have got the gold back into this ship you shall not be deceived in my promise of good usage.' "The commander came out of thecuddy, and looking up spied me. He kissed his hand and exclaimed in his deep intoning voice (which habit I shall hope one day to correct), 'I am now off for the chests, Margaret; I have "full particulars arid you may look for me in an hour or two.? " He then called for a boat's crew and went ashore. Sure enough about half an hour after his company of men had landed I saw them coming out of the wood on to the beach, loaded with the chests. ' They brought some chests to the boat and went back for more, and when all the chests were together—a goodly heap— they loaded the boat and pulled to the ship. " I can't tell whether the sailors realised the value of this recovered treasure or whether it was that the realisation of its value awed them, but I recollect that those chests were swung on board in silence." Ho cheers, no demonstration of delight. But why should I have expected this? The sailors were not interested. They were not • going to benefit probably by the value of a pennyweight of the precious -stuff. In truth I Relieve every British sailor to be a buccaneer at heart, and suspect that the men regretted on the whole that the ropbers of the Queen had not been successful. " For my part, though I had been thinking a great deal about the gold, I found my mind dwelling more upon Mr. Masters than upon the chests as they came over, the ship's side. The commander stood in the waist attending the shipment. I never shall forget whilst life lasts his face of delight. Deep were his smiles as the chests were handed up. It was indeed a wonderful recovery, and all brought about by their trying to drown mc. "Within three hours of the time when Mr. Burn gave the commander the information about the gold the chests were safe in their former locker amongst the wool nailed up securely under the eye of the commander and the hatches battened down. When the order to make sail was given Mr, Matthews, the mate of the Queen, came up to the commander and was so affected, poor man, that he'could scarcely speak. He extended his hand and Robert silently pressed it. " 'Weowethismagnificentresultfirsttoyou, Miss Mansel,' said lie, ' and very much to you next, sir!' . • , , • "' It is a true:, glorious haul for us all, said the commander, ' and shall make us both richer if not better men, sir.' • "He then left us to hail the brig; the little vessel was quite close at the time. -The com mander roared out, 'I suppose you know, Hardy, that we have recovered the qhests ?' 1 "Mr. Hardy made a sailor's motion of con gratulatory joy with'his hand as he stood upon the brig's taffrail, 'the queerest figure of a mariner you can picture, his flowing trousers for ever shivering in the breeze as though his legs w.ere under some ceaseless uncontrollable influence of hornpipe. i '"I will dine on'board this ship,' shouted Robert,' 'and be "with you.before sundown.' And he turned his great; red, dear old face round the sea to find out how' the weather pro mised. ... . ■ ."He told Mr. Matthews and me the story of his going ashore and getting the men and the nuggets. He found the wood very thick and walked with great anxiety, fearing that they might be shot at by the men in concealment. The grass was tall and their tread soundless. There was no dry bush or brushwood to crackle. After they had gone a few hundred yards in a green twilight of wood they arrived suddenly at an open space of sunshine and grass, in the midst of which was a tent. It was a little tent shaped like a house and contrived out of spars and' spare' sails. At the entrance stood Mr. Burn, .who yelled when he saw the commander and .his men, then let his arms fall and stood like one thunderstruck, deprived of speech by a stroke. ; The" others were inside asleep. Robert noticed plenty, of bottles and some i glasses and the remains, of a meal. All three? were secured, two of" them scarcely awake ' when - they were seized; The commander asked them .to "•tells him where the gold-was. Cavendish grinned hide ously; the three fellowB kept obstinately silent. They began to look at one another, however, when Robert told him that the longboat was captured and Trollope dead and: the balance of the gang'in irons aboard the- Queen, which, with the Wellesley, lay.'out of sight upon the I sea beyond, the, trees.. Still they would not speak; but as they marched; down to the beach, Burn, who .walked behind . his two associates, signed to the commander and softly addressed him,; and Robert .gathered ; that he ;'\i/6uld.be willirig'to 'mhke a clean breast'of. it when he was alone. " They found the chests in the place where Mr. Burn, had told them to look. They were in a cleft or fissure at the foot of a hill facing 1 east, .so- bountifully and luxuriously concealed by the wild growths of that spot,of land.that it was Wphderful they should have lighted upon it. Robert told me ; he might have explored the island-in vain for months. The eighteen cases were there intact. Burn assured the commander they had not been opened since the day when they had been removed from the Bhip's hold. They had proposed-indeed to open one that contained dust with the idea of buying a small vessel, but fell out over this, as indeed they quarrelled. about nearly every thing, and the longboat sailed away as Robert had cleverly concluded on a piratical mission to seize. • " Well, before I close this letter, which I am sure you would not wish ' shorter, I must give you a few interesting items of news which the commander picked' up from the traitor . Burn, who talked vei-y freely, being evidently hope ful that Robert would intercede for him. He said that it was well known that, a great pur chase of cargo of gold was to be consigned from the diggings by the ship; Queen. Trollope met him one day in Sydney and asked him if he was willing to join a gang who meant to sail as passengers in the Bhip and seize her at sea ? He went with Trollope to the house of one Moses Jacobs who, it seems, found the capital for this enterprise and there met Davenire, Caldwell, and others. They wanted a company often/. Some believed they could not do witli' less and so he introduced Masters. The brigantine that was to rendez vous at the island was commanded by Jacobs's brother-in-law. This niaii was brought in here dead of paralysis a fortnight ago. He lived till the vessel entered Sydney Harbor, so he had his wish and was buried by the side of hi3 child.,. "On our arrival we heard that ^Jacobs, for whom, as you may suppose, enquiries were im mediately madej-had-vanished shortly after the brigantii>e anchored. He lias not yet been found. ,He is the worst of .the culprits, but his loss is heavy. Robert calculated that he could not have put less than two thousand five hundred pounds into this venture. _ This without any other security than the arrival of the brigantine at the island. This on the chance of the men rising and successfully Seizing the ship and navigating her to the island. This on the chance of Saunders re maining loyal. I do not think that.the people of the nation to which Mr. Jacobs belongs are commonly great lovers of such loose, insecure speculations as: this. And yet you do hear of moneylenders advancing large sums on notes of hand at crushing, rates of.interest and then use lessly sueing the persons to 'yhom the balance was advanced. • • • "Riohert and" I have been made much of here; Robert is the liero of the hour.' Hun dreds go down to the waterside to look at the Queen which, by the way, Mr. Matthews will cpraniand qn her voyage home. I cannot yet tell what the award will be, but as tlie value of the treasure is very great, it is generally thought that twenty thousand pounds will be divided in sums proportioned to rating and so forth, among the people who were engaged in the work. How much do I deserve ? But for me the,gang would have got off clear with the gold, letting Jacobs in and themselves dis persing in: various countries. ."It is not yet known how Davenire and his orew will be dealt with. It is believed that all of them, excepting Burn and another, will be sent to Nor folic Island. That other is Mr. Dike Caldwell, who is out of his mind and promises to be incurably insane. The rest are sure to get a life sentence; indeed, as Robert Says, if; may end in the gallows, for though all the boats of the Queen have been accounted for, a lady, Mrs. Peacock, died in one of them, and it ib to be seen whether they cannot hang the men for causing her death. "My hand aches now, and I have no time to write more by this mail." " ' [The End.] 