TH STRANGmE CASE AT ST. ALBAI'8 1 e are very busy at St. Albans Hospital. 1 rcea and doctors were hard at work from mnml till night, and from night till morn:. n sgain. The severe winter was bringing irs ,Ilaccom:paniments of starvation and sick. ese. Hard times and bad living were working obroc among the poor ; the hospital was fuil to overfoving. An unnusunal number of ns'slties, at the same time, brought stretcher afttr stretcher to the accident room. The great clock over the entrance was just srrikin six aeithrew my shawl round me and husteed off across the grounds to the die peoVry. Running quickly through the snow, I soon arrived at the door, and was greeted br e ceustomary growl which awaited late ctxzrr. aI am sorry I am late in coming for the atimlanto," I said, as soonas I could get my ktouth. Icoald not leavethe ward before. Let me see, six ounces of brandy for No. 20, and little No. 16's port wine; that is all, I thinY." ",lnything fresh this afternoon, Norse Dsrton:'m inquired the dispenser, as Ibusily paked the bottles into my apron pooket, in ordsr to hare moy hands free for my shawil. "'iething for us," I answered. "A bad tomhas just gone up to 'eary'"Ward. A poor young fellow was brought in this after. noan. found dead in the anow-good even ing,' and I set off again across the white Sf03 duty at six," I said to myself. as I woot. "I would not go off, only I am so fird, and sister says I must." IAtthedoor I enrounterd Narae Flemming, my chum and fellow-nurse. just emerging ir:theeward, accompanied by twowoomen, one ofohom was weeping bitterly. " Oh, dearie," exclaimed Nurse as soon as ,i atv me, "I am so glad you are come. This is the wife of poor No. 12 who diedthinotnin e:shewishes to seehim. I kno pyotsreoff duty, dear, but doyoumind taig her: I've just got a fracture in, and trHoadoes waiting to attend to it; thank. yo-." drodded a cheerful acquiescenceozid she oamed back to atteno to herhasny Ting the women with me. I we't to tIhe roomn of the porter who kept tthe r:mrary keio. With many growls.ie lightedhis lantern and prepared to accon poo at, as he was in duty bound to do, Bot11rs cue of the many male officials of St. lams who considered it right to be as. dis. s reoble as possible to the 'ursea whenever they retuired hns services, so I taook no notice ofeis murmurings, but devoted my attention to the poor woman at my side. While she wasn telling me of the many virtues of her late husband, and of the dark future in atcre fo: herself ard her eight children, we arrived a::he door of the mortuary. Leaving us stading there, under alamp which projected from the wall, and which the porter lit from the flame of his lantern, the man entered lone, in order that he micht bring forward irom the large mortuary the particular body we wish to see : presently he opened the door again to admitus. Itheo door by which we entered led into a tiny chapel. It was here thattherelativesof the deceased looked their last upon the pale, set faces of their departed friends. The body about to be visited was wheeled on a light troly into the chapel, which was kept very dean, and daily re- decked with white fooere. As we entered. the porter stepped outside to o something to the lamp, which did not brn properly, while I went forward with the women, and gently turned hack the sheet from the Door dead face. The two women were too much absorbed -the one with her grief, and the other with her sympathy-to take any notice of me; so I, remembering a poor little waif who had died in my arms a day or two before, and thinking I should liko to see him again, for I had grown to love the little, motherless creature, picked up the lantern from the foor, and went in search of mylittle patient. It was some time before I found him, and alter imprinting a kiss on the small, pitiful lace, Iwent to look at the new post-mortem room, which had lately been finished and which I had not seen. I was walking round, the light of the lantern gleaming weirdly on the white tiles which lined the walls and floor, when I asuddenly heard a door bang. Without knowing what had happened, I shirered with apprehension, and my flesh crept uneasily. In a moment I had flown through the mortuary and into the chapel Toolate! The door was abshut, sand all was darkness! In a moment I knew what had happened the porter, aupposing that I had gone aud sto ithe visitors to him, had turned out the gas, locked the door, and gone away with them. Ohitt was too horrible! Ibeatonthedoor with bothmy fists! Iraisedmy voicein a fear ful scream, but that was worse than the owfulsilence, for the hollow walls took up the sound, and the mocking echo came back to me, as if the dead were shrieking in their places ! I sank on my knees on the damp aones and covered my face with my Linds. The building stood far away from any other: the blustering wind would prevent nmyroioce being heard even bad Ithe conrage se shout again, which I had not; no one waold be in the grounds in such weather as til; I should not be missed. It- the ward I shotld be supposed, being off duty, to be in ny own room. Nurse Flemming, missing me from the supper table, would imagine that I had gone to bed, and would probably retire without, as shie thought, disturbing me. What ahould1dob Whatcould Idol Toremain there all night seemed impossible, yet how moch more impossible to get away. I had always been accounted among my fellow. Our;st as the most courageous, and I fear Ihad been wont to beoast that nothing could frighten me, but I had never dreamed of aoy:hintlike this. To sit among friendly fates in the deylight, or beside a cheery fire, as Lone hlat. To be forced to spend a angr: alone with the dead. was another. At length I guihered sufficient courage to 0 itotd aned try to relise my ponition. P, birtIeleried thn~esfortunate mortals who, en uomento oe danger and dread, can quietly ai Oway into calm mnconsneounsne, to recorer their senses only when the horror is a10. II I could only tie down on theat cold ft: tad sleep. Aye I even if it was the sleep tLr knows no waking, how gladly would I svoe one so. Anything rather than rqmain srro.rerickeo with these dreadfml com. Piusr.'o I ginced at the lantern ; boir lVYcowold ot hrul Could Idepenri otiite leinh lso0Onr: till d~assoe I Inokef at tho I W, with its cold, still burden, then, with a mighty effort, I crossed the chapel, and hled thi end of tI e ghastly carriage, moth oleet into the largemortuary. With as Otnt it en the dary arms still pcneee05d, I te io the dark nee, and dew back into behiB ty.lighted chapel, lodieem the door Nnw1t least I wIrs alone, with nothing inrge enbarl than white flowers, and a to ny crone, which hong ogainst the Tece Sking down into the corner most te·tfrnm the linner door, wrapping my elenely ennsdmy shivering shnotdsrs, PIepced libel laste beside me, Ptdslroe eainlyto think of pleatant thingm. i eirnto think of the ward, with its cheer l ~eand rowrs of beds with thetircoey red mp; of the fun wv had had at Christ mt.0 with lbe children and the Christ Ah tree; at honme, with the dear faces aeInd to ee when the summer came, wath it the long-anticipated holiday. round a ne !My. eyes wouldkeep glancing 'cdt~the horrible lost. My earn would Q.eon thenelr~e In listen for noundo from tha ieb oecme. Oh ii should gn mad t a not bear it ! How wicked i how cruel! that e 110 came to seek me. What was egreat elock at the entrenne sas Ofin.ne ttwo -hot, no seven! B.tbeen silence. Only eight o'clock I S t~of hnn ra I tnhrough the gar inimost inroluttarily I elipoed my hand twon ipron pocket. Yes, there were the my iradot' eh nll wrapped round with per a m'ueoie, as I bed po~t them. .omoota raynf hnps darted acrosa mend vote' men the bottles mrs ..o paeiqir oudb '419 made; and I should be sought'for. But a moment's refloction brought back the old despair. It was not an unheard-ot thing in those busy times for the dispensary to be for gotten until the door was locked and the dispenser gone. Mtixturo and medicine would be left on the little shelf outside, but not the stimulants-and Sister, with a sigh at the forgetfulness of her nurses, woould serve the patients from the stock bottles, and nothoueht would be directed to me. Whether I fell asleep or not 1 have never since been able to determine, but when I roused from the semi-consciosness into which I had fallen, svcreral hours appeared to have elapsed. lustoed of the dimlightof the lantern atmy side, the chapel was flooded with silver moonlight. In spite of my thick shawl, I was fearfolly cold and cramped with lean ing so long against the chilly stones. I was aware that nemething had roused me ; Esme thing besides moonlight and discomfort. A glance atthe skylight overhead showed me themoonen sailing calmnly through the dark, blue vault of heaven, surrounded by flee:y clouds; and, even as I looked and listened, the great clotk struk two. For nearly sic hours I had lain unconscioue in that awful place. The fact did not tend to bring me comfort; I felt sick and ill, my limbs ached; the black cross, touched by the moonbeams, loomed dark and awful against the whitewall. Oh, to die end forget everything ! What was that! Asound !-a croan ! Oh! Heaven ! coming from the otheretde of that innerdoor ! I had risen to my feet, but now I esank back, frozen with horror, into the sheltering corner. For a few moments silence, then it came again. I listened--a low, long moan but to my confused brain it was not the hollow, unearthly groan of the stage ghost such as we are wont to associate with rattling cohains and uInrid blue fire, but rather the groan ofn a human creature in pain. As soon as this idea took possession of my weakened mind, my courage returned. All my nurse like stinsincts came to my aid. The thought that a living human being was near, much more a fellovw-creature whoi needed help, filled me with new energy, and Srose and took up my lantern. What I expected to find I hardly know: porhaps some workman who had been eassis:ag with the new building had fallen asleep, or been overcome with drink, and shut in, like my self, through misadventure. How improbable a theory this was did not, fortunately, occur tome untillong afterwards, and I opened the door and looked into the dark interior. At the sound of the opening doorthe groan ing ceased, and for awhile Istood uncertain which direction to take. Preently a movement at the further 'end decided me, and I made my way elowly round the stone ledges, casting the light of the lantern, on the ground as I went. No sign of a human figure could I see. No Britishworkman's recumnbentform gladdened my eyes. 1 stood still, in perplexity. .Oh heavens i what was that ? Close beside me, not yet placed in a shell, hut lying on the stone slab, lay a long, otillfigure. Still ! Oh, horor As 1l looked, unable to oir, I saw the white sheet that covered is move-a long, thin hand pushed itself from beneath anad almost touched me. All my former ex perience was nothing to this. In a moment the fingerohadpollad the sheetfrom the face, and a pair of dark eyes gazed into mine. How long 1 stood thus I shall never know. At length, a lung, quivering siga from the white lips called me to myself and I gathered conurage to bend over and touch the prostrate form. Enough ! The spell was broken I I knew that this was no time to hesitate-no time to give way to womanish fears. I took the coldhandin mine. "Do not fear," I said, in as calm a rvioes as Icould command, "I willdo all I can for you,." and taking the shawl from my shoulders I folded it round the shivering form. Instinctively I remembered the bottles in.my pocket, and drawing them forth dropped a little brandy between the chatter ing teeth. After a while the returning color in the lips, the' increasing warmth of the limbs, told me that my efforts had not been in vain. Oh, if I conld only summon aid; but that was impossible! If I could keep life in my companion, my patient, until help arrived. Fortunatelymy shawl was a large, warm one; fortunately, old No. 20 had not got his brandy, but I had it sately here. "Where am 1'" asked the man, as he looked round the dim place, his face full of surprise-and no wonder, for his surrountld tinge had, to say the least, an unusual appearance. I did not think it wise or necessary to explain matters more than to tell him he was in St. Alban's Hospital, and would soon daubtless be well. He told me what I had already guessed, that in travel ling on foot through the snow he had been overtaken by intense fatigue, and beine un able to overcome the drowsiness he knew well might be fatal, he had fallen asleep. "It's a wonder I'm not dead," he concluded, and I made no answer. I had been so absorbed in my work that I bad taken no account of the hours as they went by, until now I heard the clock ring out six! Oh, the joy of that sound I We kept early honus at St Alban's, and at six o'clock we were expected to rise. I should be missed, sonught for, and found ! I was shivering and sick. Tae man had fallen into a dose, from which I could not find it in my heart to rouse him, lonely and miserable as I felt. Oh, how cold it was ! My thin cotton dress was scanty covering from the icy air. How long would it be before they found me ? Would they seek long before they thought of the mortuary? Would they think of the mortuary at all? How all these thoughts tormented me, chaiinr each other through my aching brain until, at last, a sound of a hey turning in the look-the voice of my dear nurse and companion saying in be wildered tones, " She cannot be here,porter." Then the whole place spun round, and 1 saw and heard no more. It was long before I returned tomy work. Pneumonia set in, and for weeks I was too ill toleave my bed. Tenderly was I nursed, and much was I praised for what they neere pleased to call toy bravery. My patient, I learned, had recovered, and cas fell of gratitude for his strance re0s0e from an untimely end. The case of "suspended enimation v was much telked of aemosg the doctors, and the issedical papers took it up witb interest. " lou saved his life, you keone," said the nurses to me, apporently to console iso for my unpleasant expersences and the patient himself has toldsmothe same thing a hundred times eineo that day. forI as now hin wife. 'Strand Magazine." 