Hie Spiritual Basis of Education. — By the Dean of Ely, De C. W. Stubbs. (concluded from last week.) Just as the fiery sap, the touch from God, careering through the tree, dilates the bark,' so life, deepening within us, deepens all. You can have no good theory of education which does not start from that fact. It is the secret of all true teachers.' It is an old story now, and otten told, how, when Dr Arnold first went to Rugby, he found the moral tone of the school lament ably low. To deceive or cheat a master about \- their work was considered by the boys rather clever and manly, than otherwise. Arnold, however, at once made his appeal to the good side which he knew to be iu every boy's heart. He never for a moment appeared to think tha+ it was possible he could be cheated. He trusted them ; he believed in them ; he said, practically , 41 Boys, I don't believe in your depravity and by-and-by it began to be said, " It is a shame, to tell the Doctor a lie, because he always believes us." The great teacher's faith in the good side of their nature conquered the faith lessness'of the lads9 hearts, and the whole tone of the efehool was changed, and a new spiritual tone given to all English public school educa tion. Reverence for the good parts of the children, faith in the Divine life within them— this, I repeat, is the ground anabasis oi all true moral training. After 'all, it is only the old principle of the Church. Catechism, whereat the outset every child is told he is a member of Christ, a child of God, an inheritor of the Kingdom of Heaven. He is declared to be in a state of sal vation, and he is bidden to give God thanks for it. Being in that state, and on that ground, he can iesist the powers which will seek to draw him out of it. The world, the flesh and the devil, he is to!d plainly, are fighting against bnn, and will fight against him to the end; but these powers Bhall not have dominion, for he is baptised in the name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Ghost. He can look up to God when the evil spirit . claims to be his master and say, 44 1 believe in the Father Almighty." When the pomps and vanities of the world are bringing him into bondage he oah say, 44 I believe in dim who was born of the virgin, and who was cruci fied, and who has overcome the world." When the flesh is asserting its tyranny, and trying to stir him' up to selfish thoughts and division, he can say, 44 1 believe in the Holy Spirit, who has brought me into a Divine family, who promises to unite me and all its members in one com munion, who gives me forgiveness and enables me to forgive. He will raise up my body and gi\e me that life of which I have been declared the inheritor." Here, then, is the spiritual basis of education, your only rational and safe foundation for real, lasting work as school teachers Loyalty to Cb isf, personal, passionate ; faith in the good h' irts of the children, and faith in the Christ of \- them, the hope of glory — these are the two root principles of all right moral "training. Take heed that ye despise not; tako heed that ye offend not; take heed that ye binder net csiscf these little ones,— thep® V .c mo three great educational u£ Jesus Christ, without which all th« lest of your work mast end in miserable mre. And upon you, and such as you, it depends whether, in the last resort of the ad ministration of the school laws of England, these fundamental laws of Christ be forgotten or not. God grant, for Christ's sake In His kingdom of England, you at least have this f&iih;, for then you will go forth to your daily , work in no miserable spirit of pessimism, in no blaephc- mous denial of the good hearts of the . children, but rather in that noblest of ail optimisms, belief is the unique personality, the boundless capacity, the eternal destiny of every human soul. ivAx5 Ioyalt7' Personal, passionate, to Christ the King— this also is the true thought with which to unseal the fonndations of love, and release the treasure of faith and imagination bound up in a> little child's heart. We have laid other foundations, many of us— regeneration, sacraments, justification by faith, by works, the Church, the Bible, any one of which, however necessary to salvation in its due place and pro portion, may become religion about Christ, and yet religion without Christ. L6t us, at least, save Christianity for our children by bringing \- them into allegiance to Christ, the children's King. Do you ask me how ? How did the old Cavaliers bring up sous and . daughters in pas- . sionate loyalty. and reverence for not too worthy princes ? Their own hearts were foil of it'; their lips spake it ; their acts proclaimed it ; the 6tyle of their clothes, the ring of their voices, the carnage of their heads, all was one proclamation of boundless devotion to their king and their cause. My friends, if an earthly !>rince could command such a measure of oyalty, what shall we say, with our children's eyes looking into ours, of the 44 Chief anion® ten tbousaud and the Almighty Lovely ?" Blow trumpet, for the world is white with May Blow-trumpet, the long night hath rolled awa ' Blow thro the living world — JLet the King reign. Blow trumpet ' He wifl lift us fi-om the dust; Blow trumpet 1 Jive the strength, and die the lust ! Let the King ieign. Believe me. the large faith of a child will not stumble at the mystery that the King Himself should inhabit a little child's heart. 44 How am I to know He is come, father?" asks my; little cne, and the answ,er ir simple, 41 When you are sweet, and gentle, and kind, and loving, and happy, it is because Christ is within, And when He comes, He makes your grace so fair, Your Irfeuds are glad, and say the Kmg is there. Before the -devil can get a man to steal he has first to persuade him that he has a good motive for doing it. \ J -- - , 