[ADVT.] A DEFENCE OF THE GOSPEL. PHIL, i., 17. "Nowtue Spirit speaketh expressly, that in the latter times some shall depart from the faith, giving heed to seducing spirits, and doctrines of devils. (I Tim. iv., 1.) The ;I»ord Jesus Christ, the founder of Christianity, io teaching His holy religion and preaching to mankind frequently used highly figurative language and parabolioal sayings. By this mode sf ieaohing He doubtless impressed more fully on the minds of Hui audiences eternal realities. Thus the things that are I seen and temporal, and the natural objects around Him, beoame vehioles to oonvey to the minds of His disciples a truer oonoeption of things spiritual and heavenly-yea, all. things of time and sense in this material world beoame snbjeot matter for the ser- mons of the Son of God ; but Hie meaning was frequently obicure, and Hts diBoipl s came to Him for an explanation, having, understood Sis figurative teaching in a literal si use, ílot 4n|íwo», Hs, asid. ante ¿bjín,; -. t« i ; .. * ».v r" ;"' s: <??. '<? " Beware of the leaven cf the Pbarieeee and Sidduoies." Hts disoiples thought He spake tbof.e nords because they had taken no bread, taking His words literally, not rccogn sing it was the doctrine of tho Phiri»e B that He meant. (Mat. xvi., 6-12.) And when He said, the maid sleepeth, and Lasaras e-leepetb, He meant death. Again (when H« spoke of Himself), Destroy tbis temple, and in three days I will i ais ut np," they thought He meant the buildings of tbe female. But no part of His divine tâaohin ? perplexed them more than that rec r.led in John vi, 53 : "Then Jesus said nato them, Verity, verily, I say unto yon, Except ye eat the fl sh of the Son of man, and drink bis blood, ye have no life ia you." Tbe disoiples being Je we, and blood s riotly for- bidden, this greatly pt rpl«xed. them. These highly figurative words of Christ, referring to a deep spiritual mystery of the Gospel, vis, their eternal union and oneness with Him (Eph. v> 30, 31, 32; Col. i, 27; John xvii, 21.) has been sadly perverted and carnally explained by the Beman Cathalio Church, wbioh has dogmatioally asserted that Christ really meant eating Hi* flesh and drinking His bio xl literally, and that the bread and wine are changed by the power of the . priest into thi v. rítanle flesh and blood of Christ; and to prove this they triam« pliantly quote the words of JCBUB in Matt, xxvi, 26 : " Take eat, this is my body. And He took the cup, and gave thanks, and gave it to them, Baying, Drink ye all of it i for this is my blood of the New Testament, which is Shed for many for the remission sf sins;" and the Roman priest teaches that Christ's sacred body is the spit itu tl nour ish- ment of His peopl», which is not a mystery, as they assert, but a palpable absurdity. Ont Lords words evidently should be understood thus : This bread represents my body, this Wine represents my blood. For example, in Rev. i, ?0, our glorified Lord said to His ser- vant John, the eeven stars are the angels of the seven churohe", the seven can'dlestiokB are seven churches ; a star is not an angil, but- represents one, a oandlest'ok is sot a obnrob, it repraFents one. Many other pas- sages can be cited, showing the same mode ol teaching, but how obvious our blessed Lord's words bad no reference tn the absurd Papal dogma of transubstantiation from verses 61 02\. When JeBua knew in himself that His diao'p's murmured at it (and like the unbeli ving Jews would reason how can He give ns His flesh to eat) He said, and does this offend you, what and if ye stall see the Son of Man asoend np where he waa before. It is the spirit that qur keneth ; the flesh profiteth nothing, tbe wordB that I speak onto, yon they are spirit and they are life. These words of explanation make very plain our Lord's meaning and give tbe key to tte Whole position. Cbritt, SB we said, taught s deep mystery of the Gospel in highly figurative langnage, viz, eating His flesh and drinking Hi« blood, and then explained His veal spiritual meaning to His murmuring disoiples, and HU words would imply : I did net mean you to eat my fl eek, my body will asoend to Heaven what profit would my flesh be to your son's I am the bread of eternal life, the food anc nourishment of your spiritual nature, anc would farther imply : Exoept ye receive mj words by faith and drink into my spirit, life and lov«, (that spiritual rock which wai Christ, i Cor., x, 4,) ye have no eternal Itt in you, nor vital union with me. We ma] here observe the b'ood ia the natural I f« Christ is the spiritual life, being the rs^entia word, {Johni., 1,) His words are spirit an« life, the words of eternal life ; tbe sut-t nans of the spiritual nature-to eat His flesh an d'ink His blood literally wonld incorporât Him with their corporeal existence (whio! would be cannibalism ; no wander that th disciples were offended) ; to receive Hit and His words of etf real life by tbe powe of the Holy Ghost would incorporât Jesus with their spiritoal existence-bread c eternal life-how very clear is Christ's vi planation to every honest mind, unprejudioe by error and deludion, cr blinded by Satat The perpetual manufacture of a wafer Got which ia so repugnant to sense and reaco and revolting to every right feeling, must b a terrible insult to the Most Hujrh God and i one of tbe doctrines of devils and of the late times. Anti-Christ that ehould nome-br blessed be God for the precious promis* (Issiah Iii!, 13). All thy children shall! taught of tbe Lord, seeing him who ÍB invi ible and feeling his divine presence they oft« bear the voioe of their beloved and feed c Him (a precious Christ) by faith with thank giving. There- is a path wbioh no foi knoweth and whioh the vulture's eye hath nc seen. Job xxvii.,7. No wolf ia cheep's doti ing nor minister of Satan transformed into a angel of light (H Corinthians xi., 14-15) ca tread on this holy ground, but the redeeme of the Lord shall walk thereon. (Isáia XXXV., 8-9.) Tours very faithfully, GEORGE MURKAY. Dm. Loger Ersen and John Cuthbert, who notify that the; hare commenced praotiee in perth, bare occopied many important poeitiou daring the pursuit of their profession. Dr. Erson was formerly surgeon. to the Coast Brigade of the Boyal Artillery, England,,and Uter hon. physician to the Auokland Hospi- tal New Zealand. He also held a captaincy in the H Troop of Cavalry, and was a |ustioa of the peace in the same colony. LaterstiU-* e was hon. physician to the Boyal Institute for tiie Blind, Melbourne, and was for two years in succession chairman of tbe Prahran School Board', and a member of the Council of tbs Board of Advice, Victoria. Nor is Dr. Erson's partner untravelled. Dr. Cuthbert waa for- merly associated with a Dublin Hospital, and ofter held an appointment in connection with the Birmingham Asylum. During the past few years he bas been prao'ising at Camber- well, near Melbourne. The doo to» Vd ty cou» 