NEW TAXATION AND THE NEW CRISIS. The Government are just out of one crisis when they are into another. This week they had to fight their own followers. Next week they will have to enter on the fight with the Council, It will he com* forting, however, in some respects for the nerve-exhausted Premier to reflect that hp will not bo fighting his friends, but the strangers in “another place.” The Land and Income Tax Bill has been un ceremoniously thrown into the waste paper basket by what was virtually a unanimious House. It is not derogatory of Mr. Outhbert to say that had ho not been the Minister representing the Cabinet in the Council, his vote would have been cast with the others. The defeat in the Council was so thorough, that even Mr. W. McCulloch with his com mission as Minister of Defence written out, would not go further than to say a fow words on behalf of tho bill. Ho was not there with the other Minister to vote for it, Tho Ministry, indeed, are faring very badly with their taxation and re trenchment proposals. There is a grim irony in the fact that so far the only one of their proposals which have gone through without rejection or adverse amendment, was the bill for knocking £5,100 per annum off their own salaries. We do not count tho bill for the reduce tion of the salaries of future Supreme Court judges as anything, i .They arc making progress very very slowly. What is to be the next movement ? ‘ We have seen in connection with tho payment of members question how firm, almost obstinaie, Mr. Turner can be. He stuck to the last to the £200, notwithstanding that half tho Cabinet was in favor of a higher sum." Will he tackle the Council with the samo determination, or will he take Councillors ntth' ir word and with draw the Land Tax Bill, substituting for it a simple income tax, designed to. bring in tho same amount of revenue as was estimated from thp dual tax 1 That is one of the questions which Ministers will no doubt roll over in their minds and finally decide up-m. at their first leisurely opportunity between now and next Tuesday. Bub as the dufevt of tho bill in tho Council was expect'-d from the first it is possible that the Government already have their plan of operations cut and dried. Tho i ejection of the Land Tax Bill is nevertheless not such a serious matter as many pcop’e had been persuaded to believe that it would bo. Tho existing laud tax stands, odd" Mr. McKenzie will not have to pay tho extra £30 per annum on his 11,000 acres of Anglesey land, and tho “ tears and the curses ” of Mr, D. Ham's rich widows and orphans who would have been so envious’y fortunate as to come under the unim proved land tax had it become law, will be able to reserve their “ tears and curses” for other purposes than in helping to pay the debts of the State with them. The income originally counted upon from tho new land tax was by the Assembly sc out into, in the form of exemption*, that perhaps the Premier will pot think the difference between it and the revenue fiom the existing tax worth seriously fighting for. It is only a matter of £80,000 or £100,000, and the striking; off of tho Government Endowment lo the shires and other municipalities who wore so actively petitioning the Council, would nicely balance what has been done in the Council, and at the same time be con straed as an act of poetic justice. Th« Treasurer, it is certain, cannot pay muni cipal or any oil fir subsidies out of a depleted Treasury, and if tho shire.oouncils will not lot him-gather- money-*intCK the- Treasury then they have themsolyes to blamo. For the country will not stand 1 increased customs duties. .The Land and Income would have affected tho small and struggling farmers not at all; if additional customs duties are levied those men, however, will be taxed along with all others, and such taxes will fall with greater weight on the very poor /Jjan on the very rich. A revival of the drag nefcduties ns has been suggested by several of the Upper House members as a legiti mate form of taxation which that chamber will agree to, the country \vill not stand, and the Government and Assembly will not have the hardihood to propose, con-. sideriog how large a part the dreg-net 1 played in the discomfiture of the Patterson Government. Eciiuca, Country News, Melbourne, and other items will bo found on our first page thjsjnoroiog. luwjRTSt Paob. —The following additional roodtng matter will bo found -on bur fourth page this mornings—tyluiing News and Notes, Kangoroo Flat, Friendly JgJopioliqB, Tho To bacco Robberies. ' ‘ Our Supplement to-day contaioai/hecon-i elusion ' of the serial tale,-“Baron Sam;”; o At tho - Beehive,” by Mosquito; Sporting; Notes, by Remimaoenecs of Old-; Bendigo, v by Daniel " Menngton, Ladies' Column, Toipporfppo Notes, and a variety of miiioeUanebaa rpatter,' :: , " ; . To-dav’s Events, yq Chilling Factory, 3 p.in.; Lewis Company, JKieafcre, 8 p.m.;EnginedrivorVAfiao6ia,tiou' ) 7.3ff p.ip. ■ Forfeited Shares in the Boudijgo Qotdpo P Star, Now Comot, Now Hopeful, Bendigo and Coolgnrdlqpropriotary,, t urokaExtondod, ond. Now Chum Railway Qompanl'oi. wiirbo so Id’by auction to- day. . Religious Services will bo colt bra tod tOrUiorrow la tho various oburdhoa a» udyor* liabd, ; : Ai.LEGBD BELITTLING Or A DIIAVK MaN—- Mr Jaiboe M, Tonkin, of Dowdiog street, California Gully, writes :-“l regret that in the midst of ray illness I should be called upon to auswor several untrue statements which are being oiroulatod in conneotion with the rescue of- Mr Owen from death through foul’ air in the Collmann and Tacohi’s No. 3 shaft, California Gully, .1 feel, assured, sir that those reports are emanating from the ssihowoak hearts who refused to respond to tho coll of duty, I ask—Would it not have been madness on my part to have gone into such danger three limes if there wore others who Wore prepared to go? I answer—Yes. 'll was not any thought of honor that prompted too l to- risk my. life in order to save a fellow mao. It nos, sir, a sonsn of duty, and a duty which I feel assured rests upon every man. I hope that in tho future nil who wlshto circu late reports concerning tho abovo Will ascer tain the truth of the same before so doing/' A Rapid Improvement. —Wo mentioned yesterday that tho official weather report for Bendigo for tho proceeding tbreo days alleged that during each 24 hours a minimum of 34* was registered. The apparatus is located at Borgonut Kilfoddcr’s residence in the Upper Reserve, but it is evident that it is either out of order or that whoever takes the readings do not understand how to do so correctly. It is even slated that the advice and assistance of Constable Turner, of Eohuoo, was on Thursday obtained. Happening to bo in Bendigo, and as bo is apparently regarded as somewhat an authority on tho subject, bo wse taken to tho Camp Reserve. Ho examined the instruments that wore alleged to bo re cording a minimum each evening of 34 degrees, though one’s o a n unassisted senses was enough to 101 l that it was twice as hot as that, .Constable Turner, it is reported, dis« covered the cause of the wrong readings and otter rectifying matters returned to Kchuon. It will astonish- th^- ingenious constable that tbe “minimum" after bo sresoribod f or tho thermometer wont up with leap when it came to recordinga maximum' that it is a wonder tho head of tho Instrument, wofsnot-shot off. Tbe “official report” for was that up to 9 a.or, tho “mini' ,mum” rogßUr was 31°, and op to 3'j p, in. tbe minimum regi-stor was 90°‘J .This is a decided improvement on tho 34° of tho throe proceeding days, and should go far to restore tho disarranged average of tho district's reputation tor salubrity. Tho maximum yesterday appears to have been 93°, but no rblianco can for the present bo on any of the readings. St. Patrick Day's Sports.—A mooting of tho St. Patrick’s Day sports committee was held this evening at tho Palace, Father Hogan in tho chair. Tho sports committee submitted a draft of tho programme, which after n few alterations was adopted. Tho principal items are: Hibernian Wheel Race, of £25; Half Milo Flutter, £ls; St. Patrick's Day Handi cap, 130 yards, £B. Full particulars will bo given in a future advertisement. It was decided to run an art union in conneotion with tho celebration, and a committee was appointed to make tho necessary arrange*' nients. Messrs T. N. Woodward, F. Mnco boy, J. G, Sweeney, W. Rogan, F. Denton, Q. Butlor, J. Dowd and W, Sraitbwiok were added to the committee. A vote of thanks to the chairman terminated tho proceedings. Sad Affliction op xitf. Rev. J. 11. Pottkh. —It will bo learned with general regret thot the Rev J. H. Potter bos been for several weeks post suffering from weak ness of the optic nerve. So serious is the case that it is as yet a moot point whether his eyesight will bo spared to him. Ho hos been under the treatment of Dr Buick, - who is a specialist in oyo diseases, sod was by him informed that the matter is so serious that to avert blindness it will bo absolutely necessary for bim to have at least six months' rest. Ho has also consulted several Melbourne oculists, and they boar out Dr Buiok’s diagnosis. Tuk Korono Vale Railway Accident,— Tho departmental inquiry into tho cause of tho disaster to the Korong Vole train, was opened yesterday and continued throughout the day, Tho guard, Richard Sidloy, has so far recovered from bis shaking that ho will probably bo able to resume duty on Monday. City Council.—Tho committee of tin whole council was to have met yesterday, but there was no mooting owing to lack of bus!* ness of sufficient importance. For collecting statistics, Mr James Steen’s tender at 4cl per schedule has been accepted. Australian Natives’ Ff.tr and Art Union. —The foto committee of the Australian Natives’ Association have now perfected ar rangements for tho sixth celebration of Foundation Day, January 26, by a foto ond art union in the Melbourne Exhibition Buildings, in aid of tho obnritioa. Tho metropolitan committee who have charge of tho celebration annually have unselfishly de cided to distribute all the' proceeds, country as well as city institutions being guaranteed on equal share in tho profits. The hospitals proposed to bo benefited are the Melbourne, Women's, Children’s, Austin, Alfred, Homoe opathic, St Vincent’s, Eye nod Ear, Williams fcown, Geelong, Ballarat, Stawoll, Bendigo, Nhill, Sale, Kynolon, Mooroopua, Upper Goulburn, Bocahworth, Castlomaino, KUraOro, ./Hamilton, Swan Hill, Beech worth, and Warrnambool Hospitals, the Old Colonists’ Association, Little Sisters of the.Poor, Blind, Deaf nnd Dumb Asylums, and the Consump tive Sanatorium, Kchuun. Tbe convenience of country patrons has been specially con sidered, nod excursion trains at reduced rates from tho principal centres have boon arranged, and ns tho national holiday falls this year on Saturday the opportunity of spending Satur day and Sunday in the metropolis should bo largely availed of. Tho attractions for the day will bo worth the shilling charged fur tickets, which also entitles tho bolder, to a chance in the art union, in which some tempting prizes, totalling £IOOO are offered, the principal being a f unily ro/ldonce to bo selected in any part of Australia, valued at £350, or a world’s tourist’s ticket of equal value. Prizes valued at £3O are offered fur tho three nearest guos-os to the winning num ber of tbo arc union. City Police Court.—Tho mayor nnd Mr Webb presided yesterday. John McCuuiher, on remand, was charged with tho larceny of a fence'valued at £5.- Mr Roberts appeared to .defend. James Casbon, farmer, living at Mcjvor road, about three miles from Bendigo, deposed that between tbo 16tb and 18t’a De cember last bo missed some of bis fonco, about two chains, fronbapk split posts and split rails worn |;»kPU- 11.0 bad scon tho defendant in the vicinity with a horse and dray on tbo day after the fence was taken. Morloy, woodcarler, and stopfathor of tbo defendant, was also called but nothing could bo elicited from him. Constable Bowden deposed that from information bo received from the last witness, ho arrested the apousod. Ho told him it was for stealing tho fence, and defend? ant said “It must have boon thot Morloy that put mo away." On tbo way to the lookup they met a Mrs Fartni, by whom tho accused bad been employed, and she offered to pay any fine that might bo inflicted. Tho bench decided there was no case and discharged the defendant. Verdicts for the amounts with costs wore given in tho following debt oases -.—Peter Smalley v. Griffiths and Osmond, amount of promissory note, £4O 7s 7d, costs £2 8s ; W. Stubbs v. X. E. Prior, £3 12s, 3 *; W. Bradshaw v. R. Carter, goods £6 12s 4d, costs 2s 6d. Testimonial -to Mr A. Dorrat,—Tho closing of tho Epsom branch of tbo Bank of Victoria having caused the removal of Mr Alexander Dorrat, tbo manager, a meeting of hia friends wps bold. Mr G. D. Guthrie ft w(ts decided to present Mr Dorrat with a suftyble testimonial, Messrs Goyno, of Epson?/ and 'Warden, of Huntly, wore appointed to receive subscriptions. Mr Bennett on ‘•‘Hqnps? Jobn."~ld speaking on tho Governor’s Salary &ed;#clion Bill on Thursday night Mr Ipugmoro re ferred to the title recently bestowed au Sir John Jlolntyi'o, and condemned tbo Governor for-recommending it, for uo-ono,'ho said, in tbo country would say it had been onrood. Mr Bennett regretted that unpleasantness should have boon introduced into tbo dis cussion, and that an opportunity should have been (afron to “ have n dig” at a member of (bo Opposition. Ho believed that (ho bestowal of the title I?ad u?ut with favor in the country. It bad boon conferred upon an old colonist and an old politician, a map who was strictly honorable and would do nothing to disgrace it. These remarks were very warmly received, especially on tho Oppopftfpn side of tho House The Chair man said £b&t; If bo bad been aware that any hon. member a reflection on the Governor be would pot J?ayo permitted it It was against tbo low of that thero should bo any reflection pi? tjpo throne. Mr Longmoro said he had made no reflection either on tbe Governor or the Queen. —Argus. A Bendioonian Robbed. —Robert Lemon,a visitor frojn? ffcndigp,waß robbed in Melbourne on Wednesday njgb£ of purse and scrip for 350 shares in the Bpodigq ond Coolgardio Gold Mining Company, paid UP ‘to W* each. The shares bear the name of Ednpra and their transfer has been stopped. —Argus'. Tub. appointments of Inspector Thoa. O'Culiaghan »q opting superintendent, and of Sergeant P. Commons us opting sub-inspector, wore confirmed at the mooting of tbo Js*.cou tivo Council yesterday. Those Wyohbproof Resolutions.—Afc a public meeting bold in Wyohoproof the other evening resolutions were carried protesting, the (mndnot of. the police, magistrate, Mr Qreepe/io commenting adversely; bn the ovidance df- citizens. Tbe alleged cause of .ooourjfed -tbo hearing of charges agejns b 'coy leu iT shn * of riotous conduct and' assaulting police.’ the public mooting strong expression of .qpintqn was givon that the; police bad aoted unjustifi ably in Iffe matter, " and it was' deditfed to; forward copies of the resolutions 'carried to tbo Solicitor-General nod ; thO f Chief Com missioner .of Police, Neither Mr Cuthbort nor Mr Choral oy have nt present rouoivod the Copies referred to, sod there Is ft certain amount of natural curiosity as to where they have gone.—Herald, MOONLIGHT CONOEBT.—La*t evening the committee of the Sandhurst Rowing Club mot at the Courthouse Hotel to draw up, ft .t? r0 I gramme for tbo forthcoming moonlight festival concert. It was reported that the mayor had very kindly consented to. allow the band to piny on .the evening of the festival at the lake ioHtoftd of in the reserve. Members felt much obliged to the mayor, who is a vice-president of the dob, for his kindness. ThO programme which will bo one of the best that has been placed before the public, will b.o published nt B future date. Mr L, S. Mundelein has boon Cloolod secretary and with n strong committee the festival is sure to bo an attratlvo one, A GRAND TIME FOR MILKMEN.—Most popple have heard or road of unnumbered jokes concerning the relatione of the pump and the rivor to tbo milk supply. But it is not often, that tbo intimate connection between a good water supply and o good milk supply is so emphatically set forth fts in tbo following report supplied by its Boort correspondent to a Melbourne paper;—“The oupply_ of milk to tbo creameries is being largely increased owing to tbo Into rains, and the Loddon River Is now running a banker and flooding tbo crooks—a most phenomenal thing for January.” „ ‘ “ Hamlet’s Ghost” with a Cold.— The ghost of Hamlet’s father experienced one of tbo ills that flesh is heir to at the theatre Inst night. Attired in bis ghostly armour, bo made a most effective entry on tbo stage, and everything worked smoothly for a time. Ho boekonod Hamlet to follow in this ghost s well-known stylo, and bo .seemed to -be all right us far as his health was concerned. Having nt last persuaded Hamlet to “follow me,” both disappeared for ft minute or so. Then tbo front scenes parted, and revealed the two in tbo courtyard of the castle, iho scene was an impressive one,and the audience waited breathlessly for tbo colloquy that was to onsuo. Tbo ghost began to unfold bis tale, and it Boon became evident that something was wrong. Ho was Lolling ■Hamlet whore bo was slaying at tbo time, and bad just reached the part where bb discloses.-that bo -is under* burning and purging ..process for too »ida in tbo, flesh. Nevertheless, .it soon appnT’onl to all that the ghost had caught a very bad cold, b chill, perhaps on, his road from bis v nbou&; , 'jib^coughed a couple of timolJ, And iho audiwb«r v TSm»wa-*iM»t' smillnglal the incongruity, MraF. C. Apple* ton Was tbo ghost,--and'it‘is only fair to say that notwithstanding the disadvantage ho labored under, the part was nob the least successful of Ibo evening. Bendigo Chilling Works.— a mooting of provisional directors and shareholders is called for this afternoon at 3 o’clock at the Town Hall. Several important matters will bo discussed in connection with the flotation of the company, and a full meeting is invited by the secretary. PltorBRTY SALE;—Messrs II. M. Marks and Co. yesterday offered for sale the property of Mr William Steao. Only a terrace In Wattle street was sold, Mr H. Berryman being the purchaser at £450. - Benjamin Johnstone, aged 62, admitted to the hospital on December 25, died on Thursday from heart disease, Krupi* of Essen. —For the manufacture or 29 locomotives crank axles, the tender of F., Krupp, of Esaon, Germany, at £4440 ; and for the supply of draw and buffer springs, the tender of iho same firm nt £2589 has boon occoptod by the Victorian Railway Commis sioners. There is no local manufacturing of crank axles, but there are Arms who can make tho springs. That being tho case, the Commissioners frafticd tho specifications so as to moot local makers, but none tendered.; Arrah-na-Pogge. — On Monday oven nig Messrs Buckley and South will make their appearance at tho Princess Theatre, sup ported by ft strong dramatic company. It will include Messrs Buckley, Wra. South, 8yd. Davenport, Newton, Griffiths, Goo, Edwards, Frank Toll, Rupert Goodall, Frank Spolhn, Misses Mario Wilton, Lotla Ivanhoo, Alice Redo, Lilian Loylaud, Ethel Chester and Khodn Rhoden. Tho piece set down for pre sentation on Monday evening is Dion Bonci* cault’a popular Irish drama, “Arrah-na- Pogue," to bo followed by Ibo sparkling extravaganza, “Paddy in India," No expense has been spared in having these productions staged in the most elaborate manner, now and appropriate scenery having boon specially painted by the well-known scenic artist, Mr fly. Grist, who will arrive in Bendigo to-day to make preparations for tho opening.” Arrab ns-Pogue” will bo played for'two nights only, and on Wednesday evening tho comedy drama 1 “Fritz” (our Gorman cousin) will bo pro duced. Fgneral op Detective Lomax. —iho funeral obsequies of tho late Detective Ser geant Lomax took ploco on Thursday after noon, and was purely private in character. In tho chamber whore tho deceased was lying, at his late residence, Moonee Ponds, the Unv j W. McKay conducted an impressive service. Tho coffin was then removed to tho hoarse, and tho corlogo formed and proceeded to the Melbourne Cemetery. A beautiful wreaths were placed upon the coffin before it< was lowered into the grave, prominent among them being garlands/ sent by the detectives add foot'polico departments. The pall beavers wore Supintondoot Brown, of tbo Criminal Investigation department; Inspector Josko, -and Detective Sergeants Ward, Cawsoy, Cole man and Wbitnoy. Among those present around tho grave wore Mr Smibcrt, Deputy Postmaster-General; ox-Inspcctor Socretan, Sub-inspector Conolly.; Mr Moors, of the Chief Secretary’s department; Detective Ser geants Nixon and E. O’Donnell, and Dolce* lives M. F. Sexton, R. Fryer and C. Thom son. A largo number of friends also assembled around tbo grave to pay their last tribute of respect to the deceased. Reported Assassination. - Reports pub lished in the Japanese newspapt-rx stale that King Li Hi, of Corea, who recently pro claimed his independence of the Chinese suzerainty, has .been nsmisiiontod, Sgioide by the Roadside, On Thursday morning tho Yarrawong-i police received in formation that a man was lying by tho road side, 4 miles out along tho railway line, with bis throat out and apparently dead. Dr Denis and Constable Anderson wont to the spot and found tbo man dead, and a pocket knife lying under tho bead, smeared with blood, everything pointing to suicide. Deceased was rather a respectable looking man of th‘« work ing class. A grey horse was found in the vicinity, and a bridle and saddle wore lying near tho body. The.only thing found to identify tho mm was tho following note found in tbo pocket:—“Corown, 9th November, 1894\. This is to certify that I have this day 5 old to Mr John Bell one grey horse, branded HK near the shoulder, for tbo sum of £2 3a sterling. Settled. Cash. B. Dale, 9 | 11 | 94. Witness, Fred. Magoo.” Tho borso found near tho body .corresponded with tho above des cription and brand. A silver watch and chain Wore on tb.e body. Doctor Denis identified deceased as a ipao soon by blip riding along the rood op Wednesday afternoon from ynrra wonga Tbo sijioidp was apparently committed during the night, as the body appeared to J have boon gnawed by dogs or native eats. Deceased was about 35 or 40 years of age, with dark hair and moustache, height, 5ft lOinohcs. Ho woro a black sorgo suit, black soft felt hat and heavy lacoup boots.' Mdudrr op a Native Prince.— Another revolution has occurred in Chitrai, a small state on tbo northern-frontier of India, in the highlands of Ktfirislnn, and a short distance south of tbo Pamirs. Tbo Mehtar or sovo- i reign has boon murdered by his brother, who has usurped the throne. [In 1892 troubles occurred in Chitrai, Tho Mohtar died,.in August, and his younger son, Afzul, who was friendly to tho English, seized the throne. His older brother, Nizainal-Mulk, however, claimed tho succession, and compelled Afzul ‘to flee.] Tip Minimum Wage. -A discussion took place in tho Richmond council on Thurs day oi) q motion tabled by Cr Bray, in' Which ho sought to bind tbo local muni cipal representatives - ©tribe Hoard 'of Works to support tho adoption of a minimum wage, and to insist upon the stringent obn servanoo of tbo clause prohibiting sub-lotting. Tbo mayor; You can’t regulate the thing, simply because one man is worth more than another. Cr Bray proceeded with his address opd Crs Bronson, Freeman, and Nathan bur riod out of the chamber,leaving a bare quorum present. Cr Bray ; 1 rog&rd; this as a compliment W tbo cause 1 am advocating. Cr Cbarman seconded tfto motion, whereupon the three councillors oboyomontionod returned, Cr Bray referring to them as “ illmahporod qnd dis courteous.” Cr Branson said bo was in .fayor of tho minimum wage, but be objected to tho phrase “ instructing” tho delegates ot the* council on tho Metropolitan Board in the matter. Ho .moved! that the word “ invited" ftp sub§titqfcod'. They might ns. well send, a Shoeblack to the board if tboir representatives wore not to bo allowed to. excraigo their die*, oration. Cr Nftlban seconded tbo amendment. . The council bad no right to dictate to its representatives on the board. Cr White took a similar view, but thought tho representa tives should be ©looted by tho people. ■ There was some further wrangling, after which tho council ca-ricd the motion with the alto ration desired % Cv Branson. Australian Wood Paying.— Sir Saul/ Samuel, Agent-General for Now South V^alcs,' is sending to oil the municipal bodies of ton*', dop ppd of tho chief provincial cities iti>Great Britain .copies of ronqrt'i made by timber experts op the suitability apd yaW pf- ifow South Woloj bwd lyoofls fqc street paving purposes , , . Catholic Claims to State Aid. Car dinal Vaughan, Archbishop of Westminister, assisted by a committee of Roman.' Catholic bishops in England, has drafted a bill for nrosonUtion to Parliamont, making ‘provision ‘or §tato “ voluntary” piftin" tainod py KOliglj&ps;, denomlnatibnst ' Avitbin ; Softool Board districts,*' - ‘“''L--;-..- Heavy Rain at CfaQLGABpiB,—T^gra^s notify tho complete break-up of tbo dropgbt in tho Coolgardio district; Sin of ruin hM fftllon at TPorly-uillo', and tbo road Jo 'conse quently in: a'bad stale. ; . ' > • Messrs Jas-Amieow nnd/Co will sell Ob Thurs day. January X7th„ : Atibnrp cottage, Wattle street, B/O'KeiUftnd.fjo will soil on January 19tb. Mtn Tootoll'a laud fronting tbo -Murray road, Huntly, and on January 25th, Mins MoV eilly a farm, Mologa. Particulars nro advertised. Tbo dbristma* vacations of tbo different pro fessors of music close this week. Miss resumes at her residence, Arnold street; Miss Murdoch, at Wilson street, California Gully, and Mr H. L. Kalph, at Ophir street, Golden Square. Tho annual picnic of tho Bendigo District union, | V.p S.C.B.V will bo held at the Police Paddock, Marong, on tbo 23rd lost. A special train will leave Sandhurst station at 1.36 p m » and will «“• at California Gully and Kaglehawk to pick up excursionists. . Prom Mr G, H. McColl, local agent of the Com morclal Union Assurance Company, wo are in receipt of their calendar for 1885. Tbo frontispiece is most beaut uully embellished a iloral Biohards and Co., View Point, arc offer ing groat'.bargains in - flrst clas* millinery and drapery removed hero from Mrs Collett’s estab lishment, Royal Arcado, Melbourne. Prices nro' advertised. This sale commences to-day. Mr B, Alien Bindley resumes tuition at his residence, Rowan streets on Monday next. This morning Mesics Henderson and Goodlfison begin their seventeenth clearing sale. Very special preparations bnvo been made for this one. .The prices all round have been subjected to excep tionally heavy redactions. 