THE KING OF ANATOMISTS. The late Sir Bichard Owen's autobiography just couipleteel by liis grandson, tbe Rev. ltichard Owen, contains a number of good j stories (writes IhcLondou Doily Tcitgr ph). 1 Owen wns the last u;sn iu the world to be influenced by supcrsimou. He bod experi ences quite early in hiB earecr which forti fied a uiitnl strongly dlsposnd by nature to require evidence for bis beliefs. Nobody should ever compile Ijooks of veritable ghost stories and onut thos-j of Hicliard Owen. Unlike most such narratives, tbey are' true and genuine, and told us the prof' FSor used to ti.dl them they were quite blno J-curdl»ng. 1 he earliest may be read at le-ngtb in the ti i St. volume, ttevi rely condensed it is as follows ; — Owen had -x-mmenced bis carccr as a doctor at l.is native town, Lancaster, and had just completed hi6 first dissection, the cases of two prisoners, in a room of the old ca6tlc, and he confesses that ' the sheet havintf been withdrawn from lhe cold collapsed features of the de cease's, the half opened eyes seemed to deprecate what then struck 'me as a desc cratioa of the saLctity of the dead. In vain my elder fellow pupil drew my atten tion to the various pathological signs in the thoracic vUccra ; ray gaze would still turn to ihe pale cold f-jatur-s and glassy eye balls.' Late that night — it was November, and a storm was rising — the young doctor had to go to the town alone. J ust as he was about to dcfccnd lhe spiral stair-cosc a goet blew out the light of bis lantern He ascended in the riatk. The wind howled in the turret, he hai passed the drealcd eiissectiug chamber, wbeu, be Fa; s, '? 1 saw Lore Bm a figure, a * first indistinct, then in cl-ar outline, tall and thin leaning againBt or clasping the central stone pillar. My first alarm grew into a 'creeping, freezing horror, as starine intently upwards I thought [ distinguished the pale collapscd features ind those half -openel glassy eyes that had taunted me through the day. I would have jailed for help, hut I knew itwonldbein pain, and I began a precipitate descent, when & second figure in whith appeared below mc as if to intercept my passage ; that figure, too, seemed to lean against or clasp the cntral column j and surely it bore the feature s of the other corpse 1 For an instant I grasped the pillar for support, and gazed upon the spectre in sp?echlcss terror (I was but young, sixteen only). An unusually articulate howl above and a clattering like. someone in chains rapidly rushing down the staircase made mc start off in despera tion. As I passed the lower ghost 1 felt something move, and found 1 had dragged a sheet after mc 1 This evidence of materiality recalled my shattered senses. That was the apparition ; a sheet had been linug up to dry opposite a slit in the wall. 1 hung the sheet up again, and soon saw bow the round opening pictured in the bright moonlight on the 6bcctmadc the head of the ghost ; 6ome fob's of the sheet and an excited imagination completed the ghastly phvsiognomy. Every trace of the super natural had vanished, and 1 deliberately rt ascendcd to take a second a cool scrutiny of ghost number one, It was, of course also due to the moonlight through the other window.' Owen's 'ncgro-hca \ story,' here {likewife told at length, is quite famous 'To enrich his craniological connection the young doctor bad surreptitiously cut off the bead of a line specimen Ethiopian, who was just about to be buried. On his way home after this deed of darkness he was dcscendiog a hill, when, as' he lost bie balance aud feU forward, the skull dropped out of the bag, rolled, and bounded against ttic door of a cottage. -In that cottage a mother and daughter were at that moment, discussing the horrors of the 6lavo tiade, then in full swing. Tbey shrieked and rushed away, afterwards declaring that thev had seen ' the phantom of a mgro slave lying on the floor, which turned its ghastly head and glared at them for a moment with white protruding eyeballs A figure in black entered at the same moment.' Tbe pro» fpflenr used to aav in tragic tones, 44 Tbe mesteryof that phantom head is known to mc alone.' Believers in telepathy, mahalmas, and commonplac; apparitions would have re» 1 ccivcd little encouragement from this apostle of research, one of whose amuse* | nients was to extirpate all the s^a serpents 1 that came in his way. Hence the Uocb in Punch of that time— Who killcl the sea serpent? 4' I,' said Prof esor Owen. All the world has heard of the surprise which Owen gave the scientific world when, from a fragment of . bone six inches in length ami five anil a-half iocht.e ia its . Praallest. circumference, coming from New Z-alntid, he came to the conclusion by pure anatomical reasoning that it must have . formed 1 he shaft of a thigh bone of some bird, as large as, if not larg-r than, tbe ? 06tricb. B. -and-by the full Fkelcton was i brought over, and when ' the perfect bone ] arrived and was laid on the paper it fitted exactly the outline which Owen had drawn.' This w«s the elephant footei ? moi. or Dinornls elanhantonus (Owen1), one of the extinct birds of New Z. aland. It was a triumph like this which ] .*d psoplc instioctivel / to call him the Euglish Cuvier. Sir Richard's knovvlulgj of the bone structure, and rap-.cially of tho teeth ' of animals, approachcd the mar vellous. It waB difficult to find a frag ment or a tooth of any crcalur^ exist ing or extinct which he would not iustaatly recognise. G Jorge Lewes re lates that on ouc ocexis'on a tooth fell into his hands which h? could not recognise. He took it lo Owen, who at oncc said it was the third molar of an extinct mammal or reptile* L :wi6 was, he sai t, staggered by thcpromptl tu le anl precisioa of this reply, and pro ceeded to tcBt it, and so, sure enough, it was the third molar of the particular fossil creature Owen had flamed. 8. fare Darwin waB compelled by the state of bi&heallh; to leave London for Dowu, ia Kent, Owen saw much ef him, anl tlie great naturalist thought so highly of the professor that when he brought, out the ?' Origin of Spccica' be was « specially anxious to have his support for his ucw theory. n»i wrote to Lye'l, ' now curious I shall be to know what line Oweu will take 1 Dead against us, 1 fear.'' As a matter of fact, he was not dead against the doctrine of natural selection, and, so far os can be a&c--rtuined;, he never expressed a different opinion of Darwinism, but there can be no doubt that he preferred hiB own scheme of Nature, which attributed all existing animal forma to certain original arcfiel ' p. h' something fifcc Pfa'o's '? ideas' — which, of course, require an originating, designing mind. 