A GHOST STORY. By Mary.Kyle Dallas..V One morning Arthur lloywood received i etrangc letter It was from his maidci aunt. Mias Maud Hcywood. ' . <■ Come nt once,”it said. "I am going tt die, and I want to leave you my- property It seems right to see you first." ! ; Arthur bad newer met his Aunt Maud, whe lived by herself In n handsome • country residence. Sho had inherited it from her mother, while the boya—her brothers—were obliged to make their own fortunes. Arthur’* father had been the eldest, and all ho had ever said of his sister Maud wbb that some, thing sho bnd done in early youth had made them all angry,’and that they never saw each other, and, for his part, ho -never desired to do so. : - And now, when Arthur Ueywood was quite alono in the world, this aunt had written to him. He expected to find a witch-like old woman lying in her bed. Instead, when a strange, old, black servant-woman.: had opened the door, ho was ushered into groom -'where h beautiful woman, who, m the .light of the shaded lampB, scarcely looked old at nil, satina velvet chair, and held out her hand to him. ■' _ *> You are a Hcywood," sho said. " You resemble your father, but ore not oo etern. Selim was stern to cruelty. And your mother is gone, too. Well, Bhe must have had s' hard life of it, unless he was kinder to her than to his Bister. . ■ “ There, don’t Bpeak. I shall say nothing hat what I feel. This estate ought to go to a Hoywood. You shall have it. I think you will have to wait o few months. My heart is affected. I shall die very suddenly. At present I am not vory ill, but it will be as “Don’texpress regret. Yon care nothing for me, and the estate is valuable, and, above all, I bate hypocrisy. I hove made toy will in your favor. ■ Stay until the last." With these worda she closed Arthur’s mouth. Then she rang the bell and ordered supper, and afterwords dismissed her thirty, •yeat^old nephew to his room, at nine o’clock, as though lie had been a school-boy. It was a large roum at the end of a long passage, very handsomely furnished, but at the same time very gloomy. Arthur felt curiously uncomfortable as he paced the long floor, and despite the early hour, resolved to go' to bed at once. A night lamp stood upon the mantel-piece ; ho lit it before he retired. The excuse he made to himself was that his aunt might be taken ill in the night; but he was conscious of a renewal of his old childish terror of the supernatural. “It is all this talk of dying and of will and legacies,” he said. “ I shall sleep it off.'1 And, in fact, he fell asleep very shortly. And without being disturbed by so much os a dream until midnight, at which hour, the proper one, as we all know, for the ghost seer, he was awakened with a start, to see at the foot of his bed a little dark woman with • fierce, bright eyes, who wore a curious sort' of white cap on her head, and a dress of some grey stuff, over which was tied a white . apron. She seemed to be a nurse or a ser vant of Borne sort, and it wsa Arthur’s im pression that his aant was ill. “Have yon come to call met" he asked. The woman came a little nearer. “ Yes," replied a voice, which made his blood run cold; “ that woman is dying." •« My aunt?" ejaculated Arthur. “ Your aunt,” replied the figure. “If some one doesn't Bet to work at once she'll die without being hung. I want her . “ This iB a lunatic," thought Arthur. He started to his feet, draping himself in a blanket, ready to do what seemed best under the circumstances, but the woman was gone. ■- He went to the door. It was fastened as he had left it on retiring. The windows were bolted down. There was no possibility of any one entering the room. Searching it thoroughly, he made sure that no one was hidden there, resolved that he had had a bad dream, and composed himself to sleep again, wondering why imagination should play inch freaks on him. However, this dream, if dream it were! was repeated tbree’times. Each time the strange, dark woman expressed'her desire to see Maud Hoywood hung, and declared that if it were not done it would soon bo too His aunt was not a woman to whom to repeat such a dream, even had’ she been in strong health.. There..was no - one elso to v^But^the thing seemed so curious that Arthur made a record of it in a sort of diary be was in the habit of kee(tng, following it by some reflections upon dreams. At last, however, bo was awakened not by ;a ghost, but by a rap on his door. His aunt jwas dying—a servant had come for him. iWhen he reached her room she was in sensible. She never spoke to him again. He ;could not mourn her loss, for she was almost n stranger to him, but he showed every mark of respect possible to her memory. The funeral was largely attended, rather from cariosity than any other feeling, for Miss Heywood had entertained no one, and visited no one in the neighborhood ; and in due course ot time the will was read. It left everything to Arthur Heywood, only son of her deceased brother, Selim Heywood, and with but one proviso: The garret should remain as it was, fastened by bolt and lock and bar—never to be opened on any pretext whatever. “I do not choose to say why," . wrote the testator. “Unless my nephew will Bgree to this, he cannot inherit. I shall leave a codicil to be read, in case that he refuses, directing the disposition to be made of the house." But Arthur bad no hesitation in agreeing to this whim of his dead aunt, who, doubt less, had consigned to the garret some treasnres’of her youth which she did not wish to destroy* And he took possession of . the estate, and soon married and brought home a wife. Years brought them a .family, and still the garret remained closed. “A garret is a great loss to a housekeeper; but whenever Mrs. Heywood made this remark, her huB* band would reply that “the estate would be a greater one.” “ Who will ever know ?" she would urge. “ Who cares ?” •* A codicil which I have never seen re. mains," Arthur would reply. “ Who knows what might happen ?" And so his Fatima did no more than peep through the keyhole of this Bluebeard’s chamber. The mystery was greater, however, to the children; and when the eldest boy was ten years old it had occurred to him that no thing could be so delightful as to peep into that garret, in which might be hidden all sorts of wonderful treasures. And so one day, by means of a ladder some fruit- pickers bnd left near the house, he gained the sloping roof, and reached the dormer window. Perched on the sill, he peeped in; but at the moment the ladder slipped. He remained on the window ledge, screaming for help, and the fruit- pickers, hearing him, ran to his assistance. However, though the child had crept up the sloping roof, the men could not reach him, and knowing nothing of the taboo which forbade the opening of the garret door, one of them bade the child re main where .he was until he came, - and rushed up the staircase, followed by all the household. The door was soon broken in, the window opened, the child rescued. And then the woman, who until now bad forgotten all but her boy’s danger, took breath and looked about her. The garret was a bare place, hung with old garments and smelling hideonsly. In one dark comer lay what looked like a bed. Upon it, what ? To approach, to gaze, and to ruBh wildly from the room was tho work of a moment. It was a Bkeleton dressed in a grey gown, and with a cap upon its head, still covered with long black hair, that lay there. Arthur Heywood was absent from home at the time. When bo returned he found the ] -ng-seJed garret doo? opened, heard his wife’s siory amidst her sobs of terror and proceeded to the spot. There he stood, transfixed with horror and astonishment. The skeleton upon the bed wore the grey dress, the white cap, and had the straight black hair of the woman who bad appeared to him thrice is a vision, demanding the execution ot his aunt, Maud Hey wood. Whatever this meant, the discovery had been a public one, and so must the explana tion be. Arthur sent for tho proper 'authorities, and also for the lawyer in whose possession was a codicil of the will which had given Arthur possession of the estate. This codicil had been enveloped and Bealed by Miss Maud, who alone know the contents. It contained these words: “ This paper will only be opened if til© garret is opened ulso. In that case my secret will be known to those who arc of my own age, for there was much excitement when Jane Jarvelle disappeared. She was well-known in the neighborhood, and but for letters which I wrote myself and ex hibited to ouriouB folk, the truth might have been suspected at the time. “Jane came to live with mo nB house keeper whon I was but twenty, thirty years ago. I w«B betrothed to a men I adored. My brother Rupert hated him. Ho placed Jane Jarvelle in my. bouse as a spy. Sho inufeepted letters and worked in such a way that my engagement was broken off and my life embittered. My lover left me with scorn, believing a false tale, and married another. One day I disco.ered Jane Jar velle'a treachery. I went in Eearch of her. I found her in tho garret. There we had a Beene, and there I murdered her. I stabbed her to too heart. She lived only long enough to shriek: » “ ‘I will haunt tho houso until you arc hung for this I’ “She has done it# I hnve Been her. Cut I shall not be hung. The secret is all my own. I locked the garrot, dismissed my servants in a body, and gathered now ones about mo. I told people that Jane had been dismissed for dishonesty. I did not lie. “ My brother, Rupert,cross-questioned me, and mado great Bearch for Jane Jarvelle; the others were never good to mo. Ours was an unkindly race; but Selim, though stern, was a just man. To hiB only son I have left all. Let him pity me. .*• *« Driven by desperation to an awful crime, haunted by the ghost of my victim, nover at rest, never nt peace, pureued for ever by dread of a horrible death on the gallows,and assured of future punishment, what has my life been t Again 1 say—pity mo, and pray for me.” 