THE EA8TER GHOST. \- - It was a most biossomful Easter morning in the old Alabama town. Daffodils fair as tho0e that lured Persephone to the under world shook theirtiny golden goblets in the sunshine. Chinese magnolias, with their smooth, lavender-colored tides, held draughts off sweetness for the breezes to sip. Yellow jessamine dangled a thousand golden bells from pillar or tall codar. Cecil Le? Vert felt a delicious thrill.of joy at the fullness of spring and sunshine. He had fasted strenuously all Lent, but all the austerities practissd by the young rector of St. Lazarus could not keep down the buoyant phyti:al etrengthof him. But his asceticism helper: to build upon him a tout of such power that it seemed to one and another of his congregation that he but thought of a needed reform in his world, and, lo, it was accomplished. On all the electric currents of spiritual force he seemed abe!o to lay hand for good. But there was one thing he had thought over a great deal of late without bringing his hopes anywhere near an accompiishment; the Gains household could not be interested in Church work. They paid fairly, promptly their pew rent, and lent their calla lilies when asked for decoration, but they were otherwise wholly careless. They were now to the town, having come to live in an immensely old house, as Alabama houses go, come to them lately by inheritauce. They were charming people; Mlaebelle Gains was wholly so. She was to be married soon. Cecil had met her and her betrothed walking toward her home in the twilight last evening. Maebelle held a handlul of white camellias, and Cecil had thought she looked just as magnificent and soulless as they. Now with the richness of the morning and the strength of a fast breaking in him he de termined to make one more effort to interest these two in those matters that were more than breath of life to him. With this in view he walked up the longe services. Under a gold-powdered cedar, rich withi its lustrea infinitesimal flue bloom, he saw the lovers seated. He saw that they were in animated conversation, and the words that he could but hs" hoar were these : "Don't you thing, Maebelle, that we might have that nice young fellow, Lee Vert, to marry us instead of that superannuated fossil, Dr - " - "And why, pray P' interrupted Maebelle's full, sweet tones, "why arc. we to have any minister ?" " Who, MIacbelle, did you ever see a wedding without a minister ?" " I have read of being married by a pro bate judge, or something like that." "But people in our position! The news mongers, in print and out, wouldn't want a better morsel!" "You have taight me all this," declared Maebelle; "and you wish me now, because custom, fashion wills it, to take a bit of eclat from a thing I cannot honor." "Yon go too far," urged Tom. Tom was only enough of an agnostic to be comform able to his cliqueo: it had never occurred to him to out short his pew rent or reface an invitation to dine with a biebrp. His love for Maebelle was so deep and emncre that he was careful, until his engagement was a sure thing, not to utter to his beloved any of those airy, poison-tipped bon-mote and sauvo little sneorings that made up pretty touch of his stook-in- trade of fashionable agnosticism. Maebcllo had proved too apt a pupil. " But here is Lee Vert !" exclaimed Estkew. " I'll ask him if I am notright." " Miss Maebolle is right," declared Leo Vert. "I partly guess, I partly heard, tl-e matter of diecussion. One ought never to shelter under a banner one cannot love and defend." Tom Eskew looked frowningly out over I the oske with its glistening ripple and ite islands of lily-Ipads. " Why can yeou'- ... enlist with us l" ' asked Leo Vert; all this coloness iu -.. midst of generous warmth and beauty of" nature, all this flippancy of doubt against his warm zoeal, was well.nigh insupportable to him. " I annot believe so forcibly as one must to be with you, in the elements of the un seen," said Maebelle. Tom was more annoyed than he could have believed possible ; he stooped and plucked one of the white byacinths that stretched in a wide border before them like an opened scroll with its woeful ai! ait written on the blithe spring-tide. "I find it hard to believe," said Lee Vert .aftar-A s ?ae-annrenO of. nothinge as he reached for a spray-' oe.·satu i?.-lnr-tM these beautitul and fragrant blossoms hold a deadly poison within." "Unseen but potent," murmured Tom. "Alh, I see where you are now, Mr Lee Vert," laughed Laebelle ; and as to you, Tom, you will soon be ready to believe in our ghost?" " Yes," continued Meebelle, lightly, "since we have moved to this house every member of the family, myself excepted, have either seena sight or felt-a-something-which weeas worse." "What have they seen?" asked Tom eagerly. " Oh, the usual thing," laughed Maebelle; " all white, quite comme il fait." "Who saw it '' Toom bent towards her in his eagerness. "Dignify our ghost with a personal pro noun, if you please i" " Who saw her?i "Ah, you think her at once a woman. You are tight. But I will begin the story at the beginning," suggested Maebelle, her bright, pleasant face unlike enough a weird story. " It was this way : my brother, who had not a grain of superstition nor any sort of cowardice, came home late from a Univer sity class supper a few weeks after our arrival; it was about this time of the year. The house was all in darkness. He stepped into the library to get a package of cigarettes he had left on the mantel. No sooner had he gotten midway into the room before a great fear overcame him. In the first surg. of fright he braced himself for the defensive, but in an instant he felt ashamed of his sense muscles-yet a greater terror swept over him. Every separate hair stood on his head. He felt some pervading presence in the room. He heard the softest, the swiftest footfall here, there, everywhere. Even inhis fright he managed to striko a match. No one was to be seen." "Did he see nothing ?" Tom's eyes were very eager. " Nothing," miledMaebelle ; "but if you still wish your soul harrowed up I can tell you cousin Margaret's story. Fournights ago baby Garland was in such a tantrum as the sweetest babies will be sometimes. Mother and myself were trying in vain to quiet him, and cousin Margaret, hearing his crying and having a marvellous power with babies, started down the stairs to come to him. "Half-way down stairs I heard her call very excitedly to me, 'Maebelle ! Haebelle ! How counld you frighten me so 1' I heard her say. And as pale as one of these hyacinths she rashed into mother's room. "hsy, Maebelle! yon in here !' sahie cldimed? ' "' Of course I am,' I said; '1I have been in here werryig with baby this hour and mowe.' " 'I saw you,' she declared, 'as distinctly asIseeeyou now. Not yourfaoe; that was hidden. But your figure, your own attitude, your white dress. You stood between the portieres of the music-room door, as if you were just about to stop Into the hall.' "You beckoned to me so anxiously, so strangely-' "Little Archie, who has never known a touch of fear, ran out immediately and looked everywhere in the drawing-room and hall; No one was to be seen. S"Mother looked startled at the story, just as ?'om does now," laughed the fairnarrator ; "and she told us that two nights before that she had seen a white hand reaching from be' hind thatvery portiere and beckoningto her. Thinking it me, for it seemed to be the hand and arm of l tall person, sen hurried into the drawing-room, and, though in the twilight shecould see every objeot in the room dis tinctly, she could discover no one. "Aunt Lootie threw up her black hands and lamented aloud, ' Our ghost would never leave this house ' she cried. "Now," it is truth," continued this unbe lieving teller of ghosttalese, "that we could not get servants to stay with us when we came here, only old Lootie and Wash, who would leavenos for nothing. They said they heard strange noises even in broad daylight, and saw strange fipares even at noon. A strange sunshine ghost ours is, Tom," she said, laughing at his eager face; "it will appear either night or day as it chooses. We had a small addition made to the old house, and then the servants were ready enough to hire to us; they said new planks would drive off the spirits. But even new plank has failed to rid us of our hanuing woman with the beckoning hand." . "Now I shall tell what I myself saw," de clared Tom, " the second time I came here'to visit this house. It was 2 o'clock at morn ing, you remember, when. my train brought me here from Uhattanooga. I expected only Joe to be up to receive me, of course, the hour being so unearthly. What was my amazement as we drove up the avenue of magnolias, to see a tall yonng woman in white standing alone at the front door. There was no light in all the house. I wondered you should be up and alone at such an hour. I had the hackman stop and put me out half way up the avenue. Thishe was glad to do, for his horses were lifting their heads and snorting with suppressed excitement. His own eyes were big as saucers. Thinking the figure to be you, I srid no word of it to him, of course. I walked up the avenue slowly, so oppressed was I with a sense of deep sorrow more than fear. The figure was so wind-blown, so full of indescriba.hble grief stricken expression, that it seemed almost a sacrilege to approach it. " Lut as I carne nearer, the figure floated, with all its draperies astir, across the broad gallery, down the lofty flight of steps, out into tho garden. But that I did not see the face I could have sworn it was you. "As I was about to torn to follow it I heard Joe's cherry ' Hello,' and he flung wide the hall door. ' Awell ?' I asked. "' Sound as a top,' he said. "'Where are, where is Maebelle?' I asked. "' In bed,' said he. "Somehow I couldn't say a word about the figure." The young minister pulled to pieces a japonica wide opened, and mingled white and red, like the rich mingling in a lover's heart of white despair at the truth of each happi ness and regal hope of desire's perfect fulfil mont. It seemed to him preposterous that a man who professed himself as full of doubt as Tom Eskew should con over so credulously such impossible stories. " Of course we have a raison d'etre for our ghost," explained Maebelle, lightly. "Aunt Lootio says her grandmother-who was, of course, a slave to our people, as Aunt Lootie herself was in the old days--told her of a great- great Sgr . f-, mana -.?t-_al. ready. to laugh and to scoff at anything. In the height of her youth and beaut she was thrown from a horse and rceflved an injury which she never recovered from. She died, according to Aunt Lootic, lamenting her stubbornness, and declaring she would, ii possible, return to warn all snueerers to beware of misbelief of their betters." "It is a sad story," said Lee Vert. "If it is true," said AMaobelle; " but she has not, you see, kept her word as far as I am concerned." "She may yet," sententiously from Tom. "Yhat, has come over you, Tom:" queried M-aebelle, with a puzzled smile. "If she does or does not appear to you, it should make no difference in your belief or misbelief of great truths, Miss Maebelle," said Lee Vert, rising as his church bells rang out cheerily. " lf I can persuade Iahebelle to it, you will marry us, will you not ?" asked Tom. "No," answered. Lee Vert; " I cannot give the prestige of a holy ceremony to those who despise it and my holy oflice." Tom flushed hotly, but Meebolle reached out her strong young hanud to grasp Leo Vert's. "You are right," she said; "and bl asaured I will never let Tom ask you unless I become as you are." All the bells of all the churches in the old town rang out most melodiously, and the March sunlighlt rew brighter and richer, but Mesebelle and Tom sat wrapped each in a new discontent. Tom couldn't help fancying that he gave more to his agnosticism than that school was like to give to him. He saw that he could never makle Maebelle accord any show of deference to that great and important society, the Church, that anyhow marries and buries us, no matter how n?w'-school we grow. The nncomfortable thought of death came to him, a burial without a service, and a monument bearing thereon some text of Plato. with noo~ e to 'iTJd.i. houseful of children It was a most excellent arracngodiia.intavers. a Being who threatened and promised, and Christian maxims to form characters for young pieces of humanity. It was nice, too, to have a wife battling with tears with one's manly doubts. Maebelle, too, was disappointed in Tom. How much nobler appeared the young minhter, firm, immovable in his convictions, mistaken though they might be. Suddenly the glamour of the spring day became avery heaviness of rich gold. Sud denly the sweetness of spring flowers, jessa its intensity. Suddenly Maebello caught sight of a figure floating toward her from the far reaches of the bowery lawn. The whole form was quivering with, it seemed, an agony of bitter sorrow. The shadowy clouds floated hither and thither, and anon wrung them selves in an ecstasy of despair. AMaobelle saw, or thought she saw, what no other human being had seen, the face of the thing. It was a face whose expressions were as unstable as waters, yet each variant was a show of deeper misery, of tireless yet ever. changing anguish. It was a horror of fair ness, of delicacy. As the form, light, graceful, beautiful, yet a very inspiration of horror, drifted, almost,it seemed, to Maebelle, near enough for her to reach out to touch the quivering hands, she sprang up from the garden seat, her own form palpitating, her own hands as full of unsteady terror as those of the floating shadow. Amoment! and, with the bl.a:kness of death all about her, she sank into her lover's arms. It was long months before Maebelle could rise from the bed where brain fever prostrated her. In the long night watches, checkered with days of suflering, she learned lessons of deeper import than those of any ghost, or wraith, or spell of springtime could teach her. It was Eastertide again when Tom, humbled of his arrogancy, yet triumphant in a new hope, asked Lee Vert to perform the ceremony at his approaching marriage. The Easter ghost of Magnolia Hall was never seen again. Its many appearances to diverse people were never explained. Whether it was re flection of sky and water and bloomful trees ; the shaking of white shadows from wind. blown boughs to meet the white glitter of the lake'slong ripples and of the toss of milky fountains, or whether theyoungminister (sor. rowing in the midst of his lofty exultation of Eastertide at remembrances of the flippant talk of two doubters, yet ready almost to believe in shadows) printed unwittingly, in the mind he thought of, the figments of his own fancy; or whether the coming fever of the brain had sent out its own feverous phantasies for forerunners; none could say. The next year the old town experienced a "boom," as many other old Southern towns have. The lawn about the Gains' house was cut by opening up of new streets, the lake was drained off, lots were sold off Macolia Grove at gilt.edged prices. The lilies, the forest magnolias, the Chinese magnolias, the yellow jessamine, and. the most of the japonioas vanished before the rush of pro gress and rows of tenement houses.--M. 'ouNO, in "N. Y. Home Journal." 