An Extraordinary Story. A COOLGARDIE EXPERIENCE. A writer in the Adelaide Standard gives the following Coolgardie extraordinary ex-<*> perience :— "As I have often told you, the Western Australian nigger is no beauty, neither is he of much use, bat he has one redeeming feature, he can find water in pluses that no white man would ever dream of searching for it; but the fellows who hang around camps are not of much real service. The wild tribe in the baok country are the useful animals, but it is no easy matter to get one of those savages to point out a' soak* to a white fellow. They will take all the damper, tobacco, and tinned camel you care to give them, or that they can steal, and they will readily promise to find ' plenty gabbing.' As you know 'gabbing* means water in their liquid language, which is about as sweet to listen to as their faces are 10 look upon. But after fooling you round the bush, until they know by the gleam in your eye? that you won't stand them any longer, they suddenly disappear ia the bush, and it is not a healthy sort of amuse ment hunting for them when they once get a good start in that forest. The prospectors out baok give them a day or two to find water; if they do not find it then they tie the nigger to a tree and keep him there until he is dry as the inside of an oyster shell. Then they let him go and follow him. As a rule the coon makes a straight dive for the nearest water. They say that the men of their tribe will kill any savage who gives up the secret of these precious waterholes. " Away beyond Idgery a couple of prospectors —one of whom is a well-known Adelaide boy— got clean out of water, and they feared that they had looked their last on the City of Churches, for they were too far out to hope to get baok to any civilised camp before death would put in his olaim. "As they lay dreaming at the flush of dawn a footfall soft as the caress of a snowflake on a seam of soot broke the death-like stillness, a twig broke, and then a sable warrior and his gin glided into the white man's camp, and silently as ghosts began to loot it. Had the whites been sleeping they would never have heard the stealthy marauders. The diggers lay still, and waited for a chance to spring. The chance came, and the Adelaide man wound hii arms around the skinny legs of the warrior. The gin got away, and the • buck' kioked and bit and fought, and got half strangled for his pains. «• Then he was fed on dry damper and salt fish, and tied to a tree until morning. At daylight he got another ample feed—salt bacon this time—and was asked bow far it was from the nearest waterbole. He could talk a mixture of English and nigger dialect, and this is what he said : * Oindah get up, white pellow waika walka walka, gindah tumble down, white pellow sit down, sleep, make'm plenty plour; gindah get up, white pellow walka walka walka, gindah tumble down, white pellow sit down, sleep, make 'em plenty plour; gindab get up, white pellow walka walka walka, gindah tumble down, white pellow get gabbing.' This being inter preted meant that the nearest water was three days' travel from that spot. The whites would have to be on the move from sunrise to sunset. Gindah means the sun; when gindah tumbles down it is sundown; white fellow sit down means camp for night. " The witnesses did not believe that tale, and they gave the darkie to understand unmis takably that they doubted his veracity, but he refused to budge an inch, and they soon saw that he had realised that they were far more in need of water than he was, and he made up his mind to sit the show out. "At midday they shifted him from the shade of the tree and turned his face towards the sun, and left him to think thing] over, bound hand WHERE THBEE RIVERS BIBE—A RIDE TO THE CONDAMINE HEADS. and foot to quioken hit mental faculties. ' At' sunrise next morning he was aa obstinate at formerly, and they were half-orasy from thirst, bat they dimly understood his little game. His gin had gone off (or help to her tribe, and trouble was looming up for them. " Then they opened his mouth and stuffed it half-full of 8*1 1, and propped his teeth apart with a stick. He stood that for three mortal hours io the sun whilst they stood revolvers in hand, waiting in the shade watching for the tribe. At last the nigger came to the conclu sion that he had better give in or be pickled, and he murmured huskily through his baked lips, •Me and 'm gabby.' Then they titfd his hands behind his baok, hobbled him with a rope so that he could walk but not run, covered him with their revolvers, and invited him to proceed; and he did, and at sundown they were . quenohing their thirat at a good soak, and the black drank like a oamel after thirty days' abstincnoe." 