THE FEDERAL GATHERINGS, w THE PROBABLE RESULTS. TASMANIAN HOSPITALITY 1 While the public have heard all about the business aspect of the federation conferences at Hobart, there are (writes the special correspondent of the t Melbourne " Herald") one or two aspects of the gathering in the Tas- manian capital which remain to be told. Some of the sidelights of the outing have an interest of their own as being of a more or less personal cha racter, for of many of the men who took part in the proceedings in the Tasmanian capital Tittle or nothing is known outside the limits of their own respective colonies. Whatever may be the outcome of these federation gatherings and demonstra tions, one thing is certain — Hobart will never be the federal capital. Delegates made a firm resolve on this subject when passing through the Port Phillip Heads in the face of a ga'e on Friday eveniagin the Pateena. There was scarcely anybody on board who was not sick in some degree. Had the chief steward in his - round of sympathy on. Friday night taken the opinions Of the five Premiers as they lay prostrate in their berths, Micawber-like, waiting for something to " turn up," he would Jiave received au emphatic verdict from at least four ofjtliem that the Federal capital must not be outside Australia. Sir James Patterson was advised that lying on one's back is an infallible means of preventing sea sickness, and for about an heur before the Hads were reached he busied himself in lecturing the delegates, their wives and daughters, on the advantages of the recumbent posture. In his own case, however, it did not seem to be attended with satisfactory results, as for two days after reaching Tasmania he was still suffer ing "Mr Federation Deakin (to quota the Chief Justice) was " laid out", and Mr Reid, "of New South Wales, hugged to bin brAafif. a ttnf.Ha nf onfirlrtf A snAP/islllv prepared for his use by a Melbourne chemist, which, I am afraid, had not the effect expected of it. The cabin literally groaned with invalids, and if no one "gave up the ghost " amidst all the woe and suffering of . the night, a great many gave up a heap of other things which troubled them quite as much. The Tasmanian Government differs in many respects from all other govern ments. It does not spend money un necessarily on anything or anybody. It is thorough in nothing more than in . economy. In Victoria or New South Wales or South Australia a special train is trotted out on very small provocation. But five Austra lian Premiers and twenty-four Federal delegates, representing a whole continent, a Canadian embassy, and the special representatives of the leading news papers of Australasia, did not disturb the wonted calm of the island Govern ment. -The Customs officers had instruc tions not to be too particular about the luggage of the visitors, and so by a gracious effort their , dirty linen was not turned oub for inspection on the wharf. A special car was put on the Hobart train f©r the use of the com pany, and to ensure that no one would reach Hobart in an unseemly con dition, nothing more harmful than a water filter was put on board in the shape of creature comforts. A rigid inspection of tickets was made - at the barrier, and once more from car riage to carriage before the train was per mitted to leave the piatform, an impres sion havjng got abroad that Australian politicians are not to be trusted as to the number of wives and families that are likely to accompany each dele gate when there are free passes about. The newspaper representa tives accompanying the expedition paid their full fares, aud Mr Fysh, the Treasurer, who was evidently present to see that the colony's revenue was not cheated of a single copper, looked cheered at the prospect of a full harvest. When the train reached Paratah in the evening there was a scramble for the tables at the public refreshment rooms, in which the delegates and the ladies accompanying them had certainly not the best of it. Some had to go without and others paid for what they did not get, while a little thoughtful consideration on the part of the Government would have averted all discomfort. As a matter of fact, the Government did not seem to be aware of the fact that any hospitality was expected of it whatever, and acted accordingly. Hobart has great pretensions in the matter of public conveyances. Its cabs are all carriages and are drawn by two horses, commonly of a type that attracts the notice of the police or humane society in any other country. A party of four when driving to their hotel, on arrival in the Tasmanian capital, had barely got seated when the horses tried to get their heels into the inside of the conveyance, smashed the pole and played up generally. Fortunately no one was hurt but the driver, who lost his fare and other wise sustained material loss. Another party took one of these public carriages for an outing on Sunday afternoon. The drive was interrupted eight distinct times in a journey of five miles through a succession of breakdowns. First it was the harness that collapsed, then the brake, next the vehicle, then the horses, and lastly the driver. The return to town was made on foot, and after this the driver had the impudence to demand his fare ! The question has often been asked in the course of the conferences — Are these men serious in the cause ef Federation 1 On this point the future alone will supply the answer. It may be said, how ever, that there is a certain degree of mistrust among the delegates them selves. Sir John Forrest has not taken any trouble to disguise his mistrust of Mr Reid. ' The Premier of West Australia may be doing the Premier of New South Wales an injustice, but he almost openly accuses him of playing the game of federation for purely personal motives without having any serious intention te advance the cause one single step. Mr Douglas (Tasmania) ridicules the very suggestion of Mr Reid's seriousness. The Queensland delegates, on the other hand, twit Tas mania with "playing the game," saying that she has no intention of giving up the heavy sugar duties which she levies against Queensland, and this, too, in spite of Mr Fysh's protestations to the contrary. Then it is felt that West Australia is only "bluffing" the other colonics, for the delegates from there do not . hesitate to - say that federation with intercolonial - freetrado would ruin ... them. They are only starting m life, and cannot afford to. give up the revenue th«y are now. enjoying . through taxing theTmports of the ether colonies. They want it all, andif they are to give it up in -its present form a substitute must be found. The only delegates who seemed true to their public utterances on the subject were the Victorians. Mr Turner, Sir James Patterson, Mr Deakin, and the others all spoke and voted on the principle that individual sacrifice must be . made before . federation can be accomplishsd, . They do not propose b. Wltktheir neighbors on e detafls to lOng a¥\the general prinfcipVe can. be established. Queensland \ is\ also Qoubtful .Jof Mr Reid's \bna fides and ' Mr Nelson ga ve- Victoria to .iiMer- sfanH Ihnt vhneVAr fha northern colony would bcthe friend of New South Wales, to which lie thought great concessions should be made by all the other colonies, so as to .induce her to join in With the exception of the West Aus tralian delegates, who really do not want federation at present, there is a general feeling among those who attended the conference at Hobart that the present demonstration, notwithstanding individual differences, will be attended with good results. It is believed that apart from politicians the people are aroused to the importance of the question, and will act for them selves if their leaders show apathy. The Premier's scheme was really designs! with the express intention cf intimidating the respective colonial Patliaments into moving towards a practical solution of the federation question, it not being seriously intended to consult the people directly as has beeu made to appear. It was felt that the Parliaments would never allow the matter to be taken out of their control, and that it was only necessary to force their hands by a threatened appeal te the people. As Sir James Patterson pointed out, the Federal Council, as it now stands, may be taken as a fair sample copy of what an Australian senate is likely to be in the general type and ability of its members. . The debates at the" conference were on tbe'whole of a very able order. West Australia may bo said to take the honord with Mr Hackett, whose speech on the federation topic was Undoubtedly the best delivered last week, at Hobart. This rising politican was formerly a resident of this colony, being a graduate ot Melbourne Univer sity. He tried to get into Par liament here, but failed, and in lesing his services to the coun try we lost a good man. He is a magnificent speaker, fluent and earnest, and is certainly a credit to the colony which has been fortunate enough to be represented by him. He completely overshadows his Pre mier, whose force of character seems to be his only redeeming feature as a public man. Anether man, who has been brought to the front by this confer ence is Mr Byrnes, the Queensland Attor ney-General. Like Mr Hackett,- he will be heard of in the great federal future, being not only scholarly and eloqnent, but thoroughly practical in his views. He speaks seldom, but always to the point. The Victorian delegates were _ rather disappointing from the point . of view of their speeches, even Mr Deakin failing to come up to his usual level. In Mr Hackett, Mr Deakin has got a formidable rival, and no doubt when federation is an accomplished fact they will have many a passage-at-arms on the floor of the Aus tralian senate. Tho Tasmanian delegate spoke (with few exceptions) with great ability, Mr Fysh's financial speech being one of the best delivered during the week. Sir James Patterson was mildly argu mentative, without any of his customary fire. Mr Turner did not feel called upon to be anything more than placidly concilia tory. 