Sydney-Topics. (FBOM OUE CORRESPONDENT.) The Upper House will make a virtue of necessity and back down. ParUament has not lost its most inveterate bore—M The Speaker's white-haired boy also came back victorious—Harry Levien. ~ John M'Elhone and Jawbone Neild are resurrected. At least a few good men -were -rejected! ati the general - elections. " '' ' *' Ninian Melville will never woo the coal" again. : .'.':../ All the Directors of the late " Daily PoBt" were rejected as candidates. jjeprosy is increasing at an alarming rate throughout Australia. l'he current wheat crop of Manitoba -{Canada) is 80,000,000 bushels. Veteran ParkeB is understood to be unconeolable and very irritable. How many ex-Members bitterly bewail the fact that: they were ever induced to adopt politics P ParkeB and his little party are talking of making a little Assembly of their own. They only want a revenue to start. Parliament will probably meet for the dis- ,patch of business on the 13th of August. The newG<)Ternori)fif.S.W^.vrill prpbably prove a second Carrington; •.f.ngv^'p. , Premier Beid may now look .forward to an early K.C.M.G.-ship with certainty. ^ Parliament has lost its athlete and footballer. The quiet inoffensive Tupp Gardiner. '•••.•• Tbe highly intelligent electors of Molong are once more represented by that accomplished orator—Dr. Boss. Crick's latest ambition iB to beoome Leader jof the Opposition. More haste—less speed— Paddy.— The temperance party at least voted for men—not measures—of grog. MT Joe Chamberlain promises to prove the best friend the producers of Australia ever had. ..The National Aas. is about to give up the ghost. But then it never lived—it only existed. The goldfield of Victoria for last quarter shows an increase of 15,854 ozs. compared with the first quarter of the year. After all the general elections have not considerably altered the "personel" of Parliament. Will any of the new Members make their mark in tbe present Parliament F There is a large vacancy for talent: With Dibbs, Parkes, Copeland and Wise out of the field, Lyne lias his opportunity for Leadership. Crick, Meagher, and Bull rule the -lower legal roost in Sydney They "triumph oyer the courts and now they invade the sacred precincts of Parliament. "Too many lawyers in the House " says an old politician, " never get proper legislation, with a parcel of attorneys always arguing about " nothings." What's in a name ? Dean Stretch is the name of a Ballarat clergyman. We nearly had a Dean " Stretch " in Darlinghurst the other day. It is a general opinion that Sir George Dibbs' political career has closed. Mr Copejand is very anxious to establish a mornin^t^otectionist xnewtpapei^ ,<\ * The blockade at against tlie bailiffs threatens to be as long as the Seige of Paris. ThebusineBB ^rliich itakes Yqjost noi^ over thecounW in J^ne/^t present receives 10 tinS&B.; mor# eilver'and 20 times less gold and notes than it did two years ago. The golden sovereign is mucli. more ig; 'k evidence now than for yean j>pii\ Notef abounded trfeive* months and th ^Bperelgn waa a rarity. Now it is the other way about. * Eddy hopes to make tfis .alary good out.ofthe Beid Tiotory. The ^g.njrals opjpion tint fhe Chief Com^riafiioner -has imbued our railways with all lie knows, and liis late holiday trip cannot have beam a very edifying one. ' M The new Parliament fr^p an intellectual point of view is no improvement pn the last Anembly. Seid and Crick fire the only speaker* of any power in the ne^r House, Adrian Knox JI.P. did not draw bis Member! aaltiry' last Parliament. He and Mr Bruce 8mith are, eo far, -the only two consistent oppc^iezits of payment of Members. . ;A greit American mining expert is ii Sydney. The mines in the Lucknow diitrict are occupying his attention at the present -time. Memories of the golden days of Dayleiford (Vic.) are revived by theluck of " a fossicker who picked up a nugget in the old working! worth nearly £1000. George Dean is forgotten. He is unnoticed even bp the passengers on hie North Shore boat. Such is fame. The popular uph'eavid against Judge Wiadeyer has likewise subsided. An endeavor is being made to have Mr M'Millan'a seat declared vacant, on tbe ground tbat liis long sibsenee from the colony disqualified him. Dr. Boss MX.A. calls upon the Council to defy the Government" and reject land taxation, otherwise there will be the most horrible revolution on record. David Syme, of the Melbourne "Age," is on a visit to Sydney. He is suspected ef a de- •ire to establish » "Thunderer " in N.S.W. It is expected that Sydney will boom under a Freetrade policy. The country districts will have to produce for tbe food market* of tbe world and the State must aid the producers to reach-those markets. £. D. Meagher evidently thought he was the hero of the Metropolitan elections. He drove, through the Btreets of Sydney in a waggonette, headed by a brass band, and doffed hie hat to the bewildered thousands who swarmed tbe streets-on polling night. Citizens of Sydney boast tbat they can get along well enough without the assistance ef the country. Nearly eveiy item of food, supplies may be more cheaply imported. Mr W. J. Lyne will not be a brilliant leader of the Opposition, but he is a more popular man than Sir Geo. Dibbs. He is more liberal and does not look BO bard at a sovereign before he parts with it. A candidate who contested a country con* stituency complains that he could not get milk in at least half tbe hotels he put up at during the-campaign. And yetthey say Au«-~ tralia is a land flowing with milk and honey. Now that the electors hav« recorded their verdict and a new Parliament baa been iiturned, it is just as well to estimate it* probable.worth to tbe countiy. Mr.3S«id comes back with bis big majority augmented by five. Strong men like Sir H. Parkes, Sir George Dibbs, Mr Copeland and Mr B. B. Wise are no longer legislators. The verdict was against them and Mr Beid has been relieved of their antagonism to liis policy. In every respect tbe elections have proved gatiernctory to tbe Govemment/-and Mr Beid could not have anticipated better luck. He limed tlie campaign cleverly and only an ungenerousenemy will refuse him the full recognition p. his \i>toiy. Tiiking this Purlioment-as a whole the -"pereonnel" of the new Asseaib, - . will not arouse much enthusiasm, _\yith tlx., exception of • very ftwJuntwii we -took ^f vain for the " rising hopes" of the nation. There is a Beyer* line of nU^figdty manife>>. ?ome of th^wtmagJg^p^Stirprise th* country, *r«'-the'TeffimJiy,. would like to b«r s'artled witfi^wlitical hrilliiincy. T!ie new men ttreialwaye interesting. 3t,isto be rer 'gretted?t3iattheir number i*. not large, for truly many members have got back to Parliament without a ui-h reason 1'ortlieirnecessity. (Che decuion of the Frertru'de and Protectionist parties' to support the ild representatives is answerable lor ihis -lnr^e renewal of confidence. While suclrdecitions are accepted by tlie conslituoncies.ne«v blood will have little chance of being returned. Yet the last Parliament clearly showed how necessary waa the infusion, of ue»v. blood,, ,pjiJ»^he new Parliament iaVbaVthe people ma'de<it, end a great statesman once remarked, " everv country, is represented BS well as it deBerresto bel'.'' „.:" . If Mr Beid is satisfied with the result of the elections, Mr W. J. Lyne has much to be 'thanlcful fori MrLyneVambiKoiTir to become premier of N.S.W. Now his chances are brighter than ever. With Sir H. Parkes, Sir Geo. Dibbs and Mr Edmund Barton; out of the way, the responsibility of leading th» Opposition devolves upon him. The leader of "Her Majesty's Opposition " is a personage nearly as important as tbe fpremur Sf the country. Mr Lyne will nowiead the^Oppositi.n in the hope of one day, either defeating Mr Beid or coming from the country with a majority sufficient to form a Government. Of course, the day of Mr Lyne's triumph may be long deferred; nevertheless he wiil have an opportunity of displaying the stuff of which be is made. Where there is a strong Government there should be a powerful Opposition, for only where there is such a .severe and inveterate scrutiny may a country hope to be safely and efficiently administered. Ehe new leader of the Opposition may not be a brilliant debater, but he is known to be a determined fighter and an accomplished tactician. . He may at least be trusted to guard against tbe blunders of his predecessors. Sir Henry and Sir George are out in th* cold. The collapse of these prominent poli" tioians will be regarded from .standpoints o^ party view. Their rejection has given un* bounded delight to the supporters of Mr Beid, while the political opponents of tbat extraordinary platform speaker will regret their downfall. The question is will they ;eyer rife :&gain.;? It must' be remembered that Sir Henry is bending beneath tbe weight of eighty winters and tbat he is no . longer either eager or equipped for the.fraj.. Out of Parliament he will hare few opportunities of keeping his name, before the people, 1 and the probabilities are that lie will live in the future, more &B; a memory, tbpn.as a..vital force in our polities.' : It-is impossible" to forget him or liis marrellous career in N.S.W. JuBt now the old man is.gloomy and despondent, and his exclusion from Parliament may unhappily liasten tlie closing chapters of hi* life. By rejection at Tamworth, fir George Dibbs is in danger of political extinction. He was never a popular, leader outside^f Parliament, hewever much lie was ailmired 'by hi* party in' the - House. In losing his parliamentary position • te loses liis grip of tbe leadership, and nothing less than leadership would be tolerable to Sir George. It is extremely improbable that he will eveV Veguin liis prominence in the N.S.W. Parliament. The protectionists were too heavily handicapped by him in the past and will not risk the danger of taking him on again in the future. Sir George may have sufficient influence among Members to secure the post of Agent-General, but then there will be great difficulty in disposing of the present occupant of that office. Sir George is indeed out in the cold and lie is likely to remain there. For an average man, however, he ha* done really well out of politics—fur lie ha* passed bis zuiith. Tlie country is on the 'qui vive' at the present iiument to know how the victoriou* PremienBeiiUwiil initiate his pet policy—the Beform of the Upper House. Words will do much and/take up much time, but it will take an avalandie of oratory and a Nordenfelclt fii action to: get tlie Beform of ilie Goneer.^iveworiglomeration—termed the Legislative Council—and place it beneath the heel of the io*er Chamber. Tiiat the Upper House Ajtuires reform is unquestionable, etillit i* lordly feasible that a Mediocre Assembly of men like tlie M'e.L.A. of to-day e can upheave tlie concrete-foundationed constitution of this country, just in tbe heat of th* moment. r Affleok. 