'BOUT' TOWN. (By 'A Ghost.') I ' But that I'm forbid I could a tale unfold whose lightest word wpuld harrow up .thy soul.'— Shakespeare. ' It has been laid down in the astute deduc tions of modern philosophy, taken lipi dis cussed and often laid down again, until it has developodiuto au axiom for the guidance of rising generations in the vicissitudes of life that ' when rogues fall out honest men get their own.' This might appear a pecu liar manner in which to approach that fund nf AV«r nfartfincr ftDnooneeniAnf;. fJin Dpun case. And straugely enough the only manner in which the axiom does not apply in this iustance is in its application, but that fact will scarcely be noticed by any people other than those very profound thinkere like, say, the golf club or the ohess players. * * i * Yet it seems to be almost within the | grasp of the lay mind that the great fall out of tbe lawyers will enable honest rogues to 1 get a firm grip of the fact that, such fkcts as they disclose to their counsel may be dis closed against them. Our own little band of lawyers whom we have sheltered and : carressed iu the bosom of our fraternity, , Oh 1 it makes us add quite auothcr inch as we tremblingly grasp the decanter, to think of what might happen in this city of the peaceful plain should our own Sholto or Leslie strive to emulate Sir Julian. *** Since these thoughts occurred to us further startling announcements have l-cen made, and no doubt by the time this gets into print the whole of tbe Defence Committee, together with Mr Justice Windeyer, will have been arrested, and who can tell, perhaps Sir Julian himself. * * * A dream of the future. Riverine Stan dard, 0th October, 1901. This morning before the P M. ami others, the Ghost, who was arrested on suspicion of having mur dered the Queen's English (particulars of which will be found on our fourth page) was proceeded with. Inspector Faughtaskew prosecuted, whilst Sir Sholto Keinp appeared for the accused. There was a moment or two of suspeuse before the prisoner's plea of not guilty was taken, during which several justices winked at Sir Sholto. At this stage, Counsel for the prisoner rose and cleared his throat. Several police men called silence, and whilst they waited for him, the noiBe became so motionless that a man was distinctly heard, in Lachlan-street saying ' whafc's yours '? Having again cleared his throat tbe learned Counsel said — ' May it please your washup, in the brief before tne it is my painful duty to defend this miserable prisoner, and whilst I shall be able to abundantly prove his legal innocence 1 owe it to the position I occupy at the bar and what I believe to be my conscientions duty to the public, to place before this honorable court the confession .of his guilt which the prisoner has privately confided to me. Sensation in court. The confession was then handed in, and marked A Sir Sholto, who was visibly affected, resumed his seat amidst a murmer of admiration, aud a boy who was preparing to throw something was removed. The P.M. then sentenced the prisoner, and referred in eulogistic terms to the conscience of Sir Sholto. *#* Not the least interesting reading lately was the report and balance-sheet of the local Young ^ Women's Christian Association. The wicked young men should be moved now to start an association for themselves. The balance-sheet is really pathetic, and commands respect from its most apparent modesty. To tbe ignorant male it might be difficult to grasp the exact meaning of the ? item, Repairs 14s (necessitated perhaps by an argument), or to fully understand the beanty of the O. O. Gazette which cost L2 2s 6d and yet brought in 10s. The Mayor assnred the society it was doing good, but it does not appear in what direction. They made an autograph quilt. O.O, v It has now been proved, it is to be hoped satisfactorily to the single young men of Bay, that the thralls of matrimony are not a bar to prowess in the cricket field. At South Hay on Saturday such doughty bene dicts as Heath, Lakeman and Kemp and others, were too much for Aoocks, Julian, Reed &c.; It was refreshing to see Lakeman, his warm tinted features getting warmer i uuder the excitement of swooping at a i twister, and landing it out for four. * ? People can now make their calculations with some degree of certainty, for a Baptist - draper has worked out tho problem from the scriptures that the world will come to an - end in 1914. , Not unite 20;yeara:''TOore -of^ turmoil and strife. ' It will be necessary for tbe Irrigation Trust to hurry -up or their customers-will be scarcely seated -under their : own vine and fig tree before the time arrives. And yet the world oomes to an end to lots of people every day. . . #?* What is the reason the train is late every i night? Mr- Eddy is baok, and should have shaken bands with everybody by this time, and had time to look after the interests of the public. There must be. a screw loose somewhere, foreversinoe the Commissioners promised it shouldn't occur again', it has occurred regularly.' It Is too bad now that the Dean case is at fever beat that people can't get the Evening Lyre and Granny, and the Telegraph and devour the latest revela tions in connection^ -with' -this tiase. The delay of business letters, is nothing .compared to the interest in ibis case,' ' f ; ^ j::.v u And now ' The Ghost ' lays down bis pen, and. bids his patient longsuffering readers farewell. As his mantle drops upon' the shoulders of his EUsha^he heaves a sigh of pain, mingled jvith tbe pleasure, felt in having hovered. amongst .yoU^so long. In leaving you be takes with him the most pleasant remembrances, and * gratefully recommends to your sympathy his successor, the next -Ghost, Turn on tbe blue light, and let tbe baud play -(0»re-wor.' Exit $rst Ghost. 