SOLVTiBYTIME. =-I A STORY OF TB EI RUKA GrOCKADR. BY -. _3aS: CRJOZIR, E A \- QaU Eig1tz 3ewvasd. (Cont?nued~.) The mare wlhinnfed'ihen'she saw her mistress, and rubbed her soft- muzzle against the girl's shoulder. But she also had work to do. It took only a few minutes for putting on. the ,saddle and bridle, and Nora led the animal out, of the enclosure. She had to avoid any sentinel that had been posted around the field. because she knew that the shortest detention would ruin all her hopes of saving the people ofBlythfield. Mlarkey would give sufficient instructions for the guidance of the troopers.. Very cautiously she proceeded, and at last she reached the open space at the foot of the hill, and mkew that the time had come when her g.at effort was to be itried. Would she succeed? Would she be in in time to "warn? The mare was ready for her share of the work. She had been fretful and impatient when held in by the strong hand of her mistress, but when Nora leaped to her.back' the beautiful creature 1-:d dowli her ehrs- and started off in full stride in an instant; shaking her head ard bounding with all four hoofs from the I g.ound in play. Then she settled down for her long gallop. "Fifteen miles-fifteen miles l Shall we be in time?"- Nora asked herself as she set her teeth hard and fixed herself in her seat. Then came the long monotony. Noth ing could be heard but the eternal "creak,' creak," of the cicades or the mocking cry of the laughing jackass, as he whirled away from his roost further and deeper into the wilds of the bush. Nothing - but the rhymatic beat of the mare's hoofs, now on the hard quartz pebbles, now on' the softer sward, where the deep thud-thud-found distinct echoes amongst the ghost-like trees. Although so intent on the work she bad nndertaken, with thE' singular soul play that affects our most serious moods, Nora began to marry the hoof-beats to words of her own. "In time, in time; I love him, but never be mine, be mine." Perhaps all she had gone through du-ing that awful day had to some extent shaken her reason. She could only grasp the one great idea, of saving the man she man she loved; and almost coincident with this was -the overv helming con: sciousness of her great loss. But with all the phantasms that crowded her teeming imagination the refrain always rang in her mental ear. "I love him, but never be mine, be mine. . Up the steep slopes of the hills, down the echoing glades, across the little levels' where the timid light struggled with the shadows cast by the great gums, and threw the fretted tracery on the cold ground. Nora held her way. Poor Fifine did not nnderstand it all, but evidently her beloved mistress wanted Terto do herbest, and she did it. She bad given up play.' She had set herself to do that task whatever it was, and do it she would to the grim enid. even if her slick sides began to heave with every deep drawn breath, and the scanty air bad to be caught in wide-distended nosirils. Was she- not a thoroghbred; and had not her sires gained the honors ofmay a feld? At last, at' last a check. Down the mare and her rider plunged into the ice cold waters of the. Lee- Would there not be a minute to have the cool food leave the reeking flanks, a moment to dash the hot muzzle into the stream,and let it flow down and cool the dry and burning throat. - Only an instant, not more, and then on again. "But what sound is that which strikes chill on poor N ora's ears, as she passed near the track leading to Hel to?'s shantyl By heavens it is the neigh of a horse, and she'could-hear the hoarse voices of men calling to each other, and the hurry and scurry of maiy feet and hoofs. -"ow, my Firne," the girl said, as she stretched over and patted the neck of her n are.- "Now only three miles more, and your work and mine is done.:' The mare neighed her answer, as if she was actually conscious of what was de manded of her, and then she gathered herself unp d shot out like ab arrow from the bow. But'feet steeds followel after. Not quick enough, however, for the six teen men that had rushed from Heitofi's when the sound of the passing horse was beard by the sentinel outside, and by the bcrses?who had welcomed; in eouine langnage, the approach of their honest aister: There was no doubt about it. It could only be a spy to warn their intended victims, and save the rich booty from their clutches. " On, boys; we shall catchhim, and make him pay for interfer ing in our business. We have bad some of Ieitof'sblue riin," and it is maddening our heads, and putting murder in our hearts, if it was not there before. And that infernal spy will pay for it all in his life-blood. Whip-and spur, boys. Whip and spur. Your cattle have travelled be fore, and, by Leavens I theyinust travel now,ifJever again.' -. " Only?,,omile~, my Fifine; only two miles more. -They are tailing off. They are no match for you, tired as you are. No match for you, mybeauty Only one of thee'- A big whit trute that I can just see when 'e 'darts -from one shadow into another. 'In timn, in time, but he will not be mine, be mine.' No matter, Fifine; you and 1 have done welL Why both? 01h, why both - -. o" By~--- leis beating us. Spur, spur, or our game is up. Douglas, your grey is outpace- -t)?e horse you thought had no equali n Australia Spur, spur It is a race now. There is nothing else for-it-but ride. - The house.is almost in sight, and if tl.ey have. only" a: chance they are not s-en to give in. IVe'll have all we can do, unless we catch, them off. their guard. Spur a spur ! By heaven! It isa woman, I saw her as. she rose in hersaddle to take that log. 3t is that Shanaghan girl,. i'll swear-the hell-cat that shot Cor bett T-- her ! We'll have her now, if we tear down the house with ounrails." " Shoot, shoot! or our chance as loat. Thereis the ahite fence right ahead, and 'we ain't got a second to lose." " Steady all, steady ! I've often enough taken a flying -hot before. Are you reaidy? ire all, then." Three sharp cracks rang out, three little bursts of flame, bhut thedark figure still continual to bound eaahead. Some i - the lt'r?-er thought they-heard a little sct,a n as they set :their horses onickly i,:t, nmotion again. Were they ceeeived 1 Yrr? they r.mat have been; for row the lhrrs and rider reach.tle rligh fence, andi ni a wild cry of encourage. \- ment, whi: sh eached the eats _of_ the savage a=n-. ri e noble brute r.-e to the Leap ai d e-... d itlike a serr. " I is the --s..i " girl, d- - her. It?2r?- 2D.. 59 "O0 Fifnne, they have shotme, l.y beauty. I feel the weakness of' death stealing over my limbs, but we must do our work, you and I, no matter how it comes. Queer. brother and sister on the same day. Well, we have never long been separated during our lives, and now we shall soon be together again. Yes, there is the house,. and there is a Tight, thank heaven. Quick, quick; or we will tall at the very last. Quietly, now, Fif~ne. - House i house l Help i help !" A rush to the -door, and two men ran out just in time to catch the rider as she swayed forward in her saddle,'and -would have fallen to the ground. But the work was not yet fully done. It was Bill that held her in his arms. It was Bill's hands that were moistened red in her. life: blood. " Quick, quick," she whispered in his ear. " Quick, Douglas is coming round the paddock.- I leaped the fence." Poor Fifine stood with' outstretched legs and heaving flanks. Her gallant head drooped down, with blood-shot eyes and nostrils, the tail quivered in nervous ex haustion. But no time was to be lost even for Fiffine. She must take her chance. The state of the case was caught at once by Bill and Tom Malcolm. The whole house was already roused, even before the heavy gallop of tie murderous crew was heard. Nora's daring leap had saved them all, for not a man of her pursuers could take it. It was only a gain of a few minutes, but those minutes were worth hours. CHAPTER XXXI. Bound they came at a quick hd-: gallop. They knew well that their chance. of a surprise was gone, and yet they determined to follow out their original intention to the end. But they7were eix teen to two, as they thought. Sixteen men that had gained an ugly reputation through the length and breadth of Australia for ,rute courage and reckless ness, as well as bloodthirsty cruelty. They would have the place now if they had to burn it over the heads of-the unfrrtunate owners. But when they filed through the gate which led to the lawn things did not seem very re-assuring. The house was in darkness. Not a sound now broke on the ear, though the noise of sudden surprise had reached their ears a moment before, but they could catch the cold glint of steel where the light concen trated on the barrels of a couple of double-barrelled guns pointed from two of the windows. Evidently they were going to have a fight for it. "Sceatter, boys, scatter, or they will shoot us down one by one. Some one take the horses away. We will have-to barney them. We have plenty of time. The traps have been too busy in Ballarat to ".other us. but we need not get killed for all that." "It is no use barneying with old Anderson, I tell you. He will only give th4 man- that goes near him. There's the lerinning of it," and the ruman fired his pistol straight at a window. The bullet struck the woodwork, and the glass shivered to pieces, but the echo of the shot had not died away before two little streams of fire burst from the house, and the man that fired the shot leaped into the air and fell dead to the ground. "D-- them Didn't I tell you what would happen I Cover l! Cover, or they will pink us all like, pigs at their leisure." The horses had been led away, and the men sank to the earth and crept for shelter behind the laurels and acacias which ornamented-- the grounds. .The burly ruffian was left alone with the blood pouring from his death wound, and drenching the lawn with a crimson stain. if the assailants bad at once made for the door when they came up it might have gone bard with the defenders of Tllythfield, I ut that chance was lost. TIere were five men in the house besidee th ee of the men employed on the station, and there were plenty of arms and ammu nition. The hosbrangers had, therefore, decidealy the worst of it.- Theywere not aware of the reinforcements that the gar rison had reeeived . TJu-ide the house, whatever confusion the sudden aid ehad _occasioned,:every thing was ready for a vigorous defence. Dr Pirie had -ora? taken to a bedroomr where he examained the wound.- His wife and her cousina-assisted him with wo manly kindness -and -activty. -Buitwhe the d,,ctor -uietly out-away hisAnsta,-, ments and tulhis?-wfet?hat all tlt'cd be done was .tn make the end aS easy as possible for the brave sufierer, they knew that there was no hope-for hier wbh had saved their lives as well as what was even dearer to them-theirhonor. - - Bill was at the door-when the doctor cane. out. ..... "No hope, Bill," Pirie said. "The bullet passed close to the spine, and the only wonder is that the girl str:gli-d-on with such a wound." "Iy God ! Can nothing be done?" "Nothine. absolutely nothing-another hour, and she will have breathed her last. At present she is uncon-cious. I thiik I heard her utter your name. Se will re cover her senses fora short time, but only fora abort hirne" . "And what am" 1 to do :- I loved hr -loved her as she deserved to he loved." " You can do nodthing my poor fellow. I did not know this, ht it explains why she risked her life, and lost it. -I can do no more than I have done, bhut you must be near for the end. What are these fel lows doing outside ? Have they gone "I don't know, and don't care, Jim. Go to the drawing-room. , I shall stop here until I am wanted byhler?' Pirie went to the drawing-room, where Jack and Mr Anderson wer e stationed. "Loshb, Jamie," said Jach, "it fair scun nera one hero. sich-like doin's in a Chris tian land. 'Upon my conscience, I wad rather be in the lowest slums of the Gor hale, or High.street, than in the drawing. room of Biythfield. Heth- it is strange music thes bullets mak'." And as if to give emphasis to what he. said, a regular volley was fired at that minute' and several of the bullets ca=hefd through the window and broke the pier glass over tI e mantelpiece. But the old Scotch blood wa s s warlike as ever. Jack ran to the wiu.dhw, and taking aim at something outside, drew trigger. " Hech, man, it ise mir stirring warnk than firing at thae grouse in the Hie Tla.ds. I caught that bird, at "'y rate." S (To b Co'inued'Z) S 60 