LITERATURE \------0------ What, if anything, can a rational creature who has studied and understood the work of any poet, great or small, from Homer down to Meschus, from Lucretius down to Martial, from Dante down to Metastasis, from Villon down; to Velfaire, from Shakespeare down to Byron find to applaud, to approve or to con- done in the work of Walter Whitman ? To this very reasonable and invcvilable question the answer is not far to seek. I have myself repeatedly pointed out—it may be (I have often been told so) with too unqualified sym- pathy and too uncritical enthusiasm—the qualifies which give a certain touch of great- ness to his work, the sources of inspiration which infuse into its chaotic jargon some passing or seeming notes of cosinic beauty, and diversity with something of occasional harmony, fee strideut aud barren discord of its jarring and erring atoms. His sym- pathies are usually generous, his views of life are occasionally just, ana his views of death are invariably noble. In other words he generally means well, having a good stock on hand of honest emotion ; he some times sees well, having a natural sensibility to such aspects of nature as appeal to an eye rather quick than, penetrating ; he seldom writes well, being cabined, cribbed, confined, bound in to fee limits of a thoroughly un natural, imitative, histrionic, and affected style. \----- Gilbertian humour cannot be affiliated to other forms of humour. Its primary charac teristic is, however, conspicuous enough. It proceeds upoh ah intellectual basis. It appeals to the logical sense. It applies ratiocination, the processes of pure intellect, to regions governed in actual life by instinctive habit, the will, blind forces of nature. The usual outcome of this is what is commonly known as Mr. Gilbert's ' topsy-turveydom.' \------ That France loves her children is shown by the fact that never in art or literature has she made them vulgar. Neither in birth not in infancy have their nurselings been made common with the dulness of habitual life. The children of France had neither Sterne nor Dickens on the watch for the humour of the natal hour. And the little girl has never in France worn the tediousness of the house, the street, aud the suburbs as she has worn it in England. Nor has she, on the other hand, borne the burden of fee cheapest of all ornament, as a ready-made subject of bad pictures. There is plenty of mediocrity in France, as elsewhere. But it has never ab- sorbed French children. \----- As a science, Geography points with her magic wand not only to fee terrestrial but to fee celestial globe. She teaches us to read the secret of things above and things below, of fee movements of the stars no less than the dark genesis of some deep ocean current, of cradle, of the winds, of fee birth of the clouds of the falling of grateful showers, of the roaring of fee mighty trade winds, of the thunderous fury of the devastating hurricane; she tells us why the stagnant pools are foul, why fee ; breath of sweet-lipped morn is fragrant, why fee morning mists are formed, why fee skies are clear; she lectures to us on the economy of the ocean, fee equipoise of the elements, the ever-surging mutations from pole to pole. \----- A man or woman who lives frugally, who tabes the simple food he was made to subsist on and no more, who drinks the one natural fluid, water, who lives, in, regard to eating, and drinking, fee natural life, is fitted.pri- marily for the best life, the strongest, fee most active, the most enduring. Presuming he is born of good and wholesome consti- tution, he is then, except for accidental des- tructive agencies in a fair way to live five times his maturity, that is five times twenty one years, fee natural . term of his anatomi- cal life— one hundred and five years— a term few reach, but which is attainable as a matter of natural law and the majority would attain it if they lived on proper food and drink. \----- Our forefathers pressed their views, what- ever they might be, at the point of fee pike aud by fee persuasive force of the good yard- shaft. They, knew what they believed; and they intended that fee others should know it too. Well for those who were content to follow as they wore led, and who forebore to question fee absolute wisdom of their masters! With us oil the contrary, everything is passed . through the fire of doubt and criticism ; and who would now burn or be burned for a dogma r The spirit of agnosticism has dis placed assertion and opened the door to possibility and the '. May be' on? fee one j side balances the ' Is it so ?' on the other. - j This gives a wider outlook over all the tracts | of human though; but It is less comforting I to the souls which need certainty for their ! support. — Mrs Lynn Linton. i Contemporary polities , have become a sort j of organised system cf .' Kootco' to fee work- j ing classes. It is as particular friends and 1 humble servants that statesmen and politi- j ciuna of all shades and colours are- now in: fee j habit of founding their chief and most urgent | claiins to the confidence and approval of the I public. No scheme which pretends to ad vance fee welfare of the .working classes, material, intellectual, or moral, «'s too ex- j travagant' or too absurd for respectful and i sympathetic attention. It appears to be j talicn for granted, indeed, that they are to lie. j regarded as an exceptional and privileged j order in tho State, who are to be expected 10 ; ao nothing for themselves. Manual latiour, 1 it seems to bo assumed, is the whole 'hit v of : man ; when it is accomplished, it emancipates fee performers: from all the ordinary ohhga- ' tionAAresfioiiribiM fee community are compelled r td fnlfil and! endure.— World. ? - ' Despite fee generally assumed connection between ghosts, pork -pies, and the works of such writers as Sheridan Le Fann, diet does not determine fee form of a dream; other wise, those of us who are often visited by fee visions of fee dark would sup, now on a salad of rose leaves, now on a well hung grouse, and again on foods of grosser fibre; Another man ' will fancy he has solved the riddle when he says that dreams are pictures woven on fee tapestry of the night by an un controlled imagination. This goes ' a step further than the undigested blot-of mustard theory. But how comes it that fee imagina- ' tion has escaped control? How should it play antics of which its wide awake sobriety is incapable, and call your other faculties — the will, fee memory — to join its soundless revelry? Another man sets down all dreams as supernatural, and holds that they, like our selves, are-' no other . than a moving rowc Of magic ' shadow-shapes, that come and \- ' go ' Round with sun illuminated : lantern held In midnight by fee Master of the ' . , 'Show; That, again, explains without elucidating. In the present state of - our knowledge we' must al way 8 hold the door ajar for the super natural. : - , Tho youngster who passes half his time in lolling at feW bow- window of his club is no longer content to decide small questions : to award the guerdon 6f beauty/ to give 'his opinion on the running at the LegOr,' to' pro nounce upon .what will be the next sensation of the burlesque ' stage. He inaystill have fee eye of a connoisseur in female charms ; may decree feei fashion of a tie, fee; shpe of a coat, fee buttoning or unbuttoning of a glove. But he soars far higher ; his mind seeks greater , Conquests. . He aspires tq tackle literature, 'science, and the arts ; he will rule the positions - of /authors/ seek to, make or mar reputations, even of fee great thinkers and leaders of ;fhe world. AlthougB incapable of keen observation he' pretends to be a master of niceties'; unable to reason soundly or logically)- haying as yet mad'o n pretence to performance, before- he can' say ' Feci ' he takes'' Dixi ' as his motto in life) aud is as unhesitating in his fiats as an irresponsible king- His judgments are as unyielding as they are inept ; ' they" are as sweeping, as the 'newest of brooms, as- severe as they are generally unjust . In my earliest days in London they pro duced on fee stage Tennyson's '.Promise of May/ I/was present at feat frightful fiasco The play was not a good one, but its failure that night was not so much due to. its artistic defects as to its daring treatment of morals. It presented fee conventional- seducer of innocence . not as a ruffian who ought to be kicked, but as thinker who had even some thing to say forhitiiself. This wasgr'otesque to fee English public, and they howled and howled. I alcne, or almost alone, with.my friend Theodore Watts, cheered and . cheered. It. wasn't that we. cared a ha(p'orfe, ;for the 8coundr el on the , stage, but feat Ve cfoimep fee .right of the; drama to deal with . moral questions. . . That night in .'.my..-, lodgings I wrote to Tennyson. I meant Mm to get my letter . with the newspapere next morning. .'.The stage/., he .Answered; 'must he in a very low state. indeed,- if, as some dramatic critics are telling us, none of the great, moral and social questions of the time can be touched upon in ' a modern play.' That was only twelve . years aaro, and what have those twelve years witnessed ?- -Hall Came. 