HIS OWN ACCUSER, j (BY HOUGHTON TOWNLEY.) i CHAPTER X.— Continued. 'Miss Chester is not at all 'well,' he said; 'she is very exhausted. You must undress her and put her to bed, and see that she does not leave her room.' 'Yes, sir,' said Martha, her tears beginning afresh. 'Don't let her see anybody — do you heal1 ? — anybody.' J. tKS, 8S11 . 'She must not see the coroner's of ficials or the j pry men' or any of -the people who will come here tomor row; you understand?' 'Lor, sir, what do they want a hin quest for? He died peaceful and quiet enough, I'm sure.' 'Ah, never mind that. Look after your young mistress. She will need all your care. Remember, she is to see no one.' 'Not— not Mr. Raynor, sir? She'd be calmer like with him, sir.' A curious flush passed over the doc tor's face, and Martha remembered that he was the young medical man who was in love with Miss Pauline last year, who had proposed and been rejected, and 'bore it like a. Iamb he did,' as .she had expressed it at the tune. . 'Yes, let Mr. Raynor see her— if she desires it, but not otherwise.' 'I'll send for him at once, sir.' 'Do nothing of the sort.. He would have been here before now if he thought it wise to come. He has re ceived intimation of the sad occur rence, and -as he has not called, do nothing without your mistress's or ders.' 'Very well, sir. Excuse me, sir, but is it the correct thing for the 'secutor to open everything and turn over all poor master's papers which has al ways been kep' so private?' 'I am afraid it is the correct legal procedure, Martha.' 'Well, then, all I can say is, ^s the law wants changing,' said Martha. 'Or the lawyer,' muttered young Dr. Marsh, as he softly descended the stairs and entered the half-darkened room where Dr. Chester had died and Markhatn was now busily engaged in turning out the contents of -a writing desk. 'Looking for the will?' asked the doctor. 'Oh, no, I have that. Strangely en ough, it was only signed yesterday morning.' 'He appointed you his executor, I understand?' 'Yes,.your bill willjbe all_right, yOu!ll be paid.' ?-...- Dr. Marsh bit his lip with vexation, and turned upon his heel. As he left the room he muttered something under his breath about somebody being a cad, but the lawyer did not hear it, and perhaps it would not have hurt him if he had. The writing desk which Markham was rifling was not Dr. Chester's, but Pauline's, and the lawyer knew it. It was half filled with/ letters, nearly all from one person. .On the .envelope of each was the familiar^ superscrip tion in Phil's bold hand-writing. As the lawyer sneeringly turned them over one aftet another, he felt in his pocket for the letter he had forced Phil to sign, just to assure him self that it was alright. At last he came upon a letter in the desk, the envelope of which was in tact. The envelope had been opened without tearing it The crafty lawyer extracted the letter from this, and, taking the fatal missive from his poc ket slipped it into the envelope bearing Phil's handwriting. 'It will look more natural and con vincing,' said the schemer, as he sea led the envelope. 'I could never have trusted him to write a sufficiently bru tal letter; but I ought to have got him to address the envelope.' He put the sealed letter back in his pocket, and proceeded to rummage the desk out of pure curiosity. 'What are you doing with my let ters ?' said a still, clear voice from ont of the darkness of the room. He started guiltily, and looked up in alarm. Pauline, attired in a loose dressing-gown, with her hair down over her shoulders and her; face death ly nuiic, siuuu utr»n-ns uuu. A-a thousand pardons, Miss Chester; I was not aware they wei?e. your let ters. I thought they were your fa thers.' 'And if they were, what right have you to touch his things without my permission?' 'I am his lawyer, and as Ms execu tor it is my first duty.** 'Ah, I. beg your pardon,' eaid Paul ine, feebly. 'I understand. Would you be so kind as to hand me that writ ing-case? I wish to send a note to the only friend I have in the world now.' 'Miss Chester, I hope you will al ways look upon me as your friend.' 'Yes— yes, thank you; but I wish to .Write a note to Mr. Raynor.' 'i would not, if I were you, Miss Chester. I have a note for you from him which he dictated to me last night' 'Dictated?' 'Yes,** said' Matkham, awkwardly fumbling, in hie pocket and producing the brutal. letter the poor fellow had been forced to sign at peril of hig life. 'Here it is.'* ' . - 'Thank you,*.* said Pauline, grasping the letter with trembling hand and pressing it to her throbbing boBom. (With the other ham! she thrust aside titie luxuriant hair falling *ver her eyes. Markham thought he had fiefer seen her look so fragile and so beauti ful. He even repented for a moment the brutal device cunningly planned to sever at one blow the happiness of his victim. When she turned and left him, re turning to her own room, he felt very uncomfortable. 'Perhaps the poor girl will feel it more than he,' he muttered,. half relen ting. 'Heaven knows I have no ill will for her.' Then he laughed a nervous little laugh, and counted the minutes, rec koning up the time it would take her to read it' ?''$?' 'I didn't mean her to have this dou ble blow, both the father and the lo ver lost at the same time, but ? Faugh! how could any woman serious ly care for a young upstart like-'that? How I hate him! It seems to mferthat everybody ought to hate him tool; but they don't. Everybody hates* ?' me. Why should I spare him, or anybody else? Bah! why shouldn't I hate him? I will revenge myself for all the slights and ridicule he and his cursed friend have heaped upon me here to make me the laughing' stock of the town. But they shall fear me yet. I will gain money and power, and rule this place. I will pay off all old scores, and when I have humbled that young cub to my heart's content I will get him out of the country. Yes, it will be safer so — safer for me. Best not to have that hanging over me. And that gun!':' He felt a cold shiver run through him, and though it was light outside, the blinds being drawn, the room was almost dark, and he felt afraid. How still the house was. The ser vants below were moving with muffled tread hushed in the presence of death He could distinctly hear the ticking of the clocks all over the house. Suddenly a wild shriek rang out from an upper room, then another, followed by a heavy fall. 'She's read it!' gasped Markham, catching his breath, and starting to his feet trembling and conscience- stricken. Even he, soulless cur that he was, felt a thrill of pity. That shriek was one of supreme agony, the cry of a wound ed, defenceless creature mercilessly struck. They found her lying senseless on her face, holding a crushed letter in her hand so tightly that it could not be wrested from the clenched fingers without tearing it. Markham listened to the .hurried footsteps and anxious voices of the household, as they hurried backwards and forwards, but he proffered no help. Like the coward that he was, he slunk quietly out of the house, feeling for once in his life that 'sufficient for the day was the evil thereof.' CHAPTER XI. : The inquest on the death of Dr. Chester is passed, and his remains are carried to the grave, but Pauline knows nothing of it. The blow so fully struck at her happiness, and the sudden death of her father together, have rendered her helpless. Martha found her lying senseless, and for a long time all efforts to re vive her were unavailing. At length Dr. Marsh arrived upon the scene. 'I left instructions that she should be put to bed at once,' he whispered half angrily to Martha; 'how is it that I find her up?'. 'She was ab-ed a few minutes ago, sir, but she must have got up again and put on her dressing-gown.' 'What is that in her hand— a letter? Take it from her gently. You say she screamed and you heard a fall?' 'Yes, sir, a most dreadful scream as sent my blood cold. She must have seen a ghost or something.' 'Nonsense* This letter has some thing to do with it It is no business of ours to read it. Take care of it till she asks for it again. Take off her gown and put her to bed; she is coming to. I shall be downstairs if I am wanted.1' With willing hands Martha disrobed her young mistress and put her to bed, where she remained in a half -stunned condition all that day, and part of the next. Kind friends without end called to see Miss Chester and condole with her, but one and all were strictly denied an audience. There were well-meaning friends who called and left polite notes, others from a distance sent telegrams. Several called chiefly with the object of discovering how much a yard dear Pauline proposed paying for her mour ning dresses; she would look so well in black, and there was a lovely Jittle bonnet down the town at Simpkinson's that would be the very thing, &c.; One and all found the door shut upon them, and hot a few went* away in great indignation, expressing their contempt for 'that young Mr. Marsh' who had charge of the late doctor's practice. One person only, with delicate feel ing brought her a bunch of sweet, fresh flowers; that person was Jimmy, the diminutive youth who served in the dual capacity of page and errand boy to the doctor*s household. Martha, Who now rarely lef t the bedside of her young mistress, was disturbed by a very gentle tapping at the door, and on opening it discovered Jimmy out side holding a bunch of flowers nearly as big as his head. He motioned mysteriously to Martha to stoop down that he might whisper to her, 'How is shft. Martha?' he asked. 'I think she's asleep. Don't whisper in my eat* as if you wanted to blow my head off. What do you want?' 'Th— these,' he spluttered, thrusting the flowers into her hand and turning quickly away, as if he had done some thing wrong, at the same moment bursting out into a muf&ed; sob as he hurried down the stairs. '/Here, Jimmy, come back. What are they for? Who are they from?' whispered Martha from the top of the stairs. _ ? , . . . Jimmy stopped on the stairs, surpris ed and hurt. He looked back with of fended dignity. 'They're from me, o' course.' 'Oh!' Jimmy's grief was checked for the moment by his. indignation. He strut ted away with his head in the air, mut tering, ^'Thinks I ain't big enough to have any 'art, I suppose; but I have, and anybody what says I ain't I'll let 'em know it' After which lucid and grammatical statement he buried him self in a small pantry and ferociously attacked the first pair of boots that came to hand, dropping tears all over them, and discovering ^as soon as he could see out of his eyes that he had blacked the coachman's boots all over the part that should have been pipe clayed. 'It's no good,' he moaned, as he drop ped the brushes; 'I'm gone all wrong— everything's gone all wrong. I've bin and put the blacking on the shining brush. I. shall be a-blacking my own face in a minute and polishing the bottle.' Jimmy was rather a character. No one knew how old he was — or how young. He had the form of a lad with the manners of an old man, and though he declared himself to be 20 years of age, other people fixed his years at 15. Any way, Jimmy was an oddity, with a smart tongue and a soft heart. He had been in the doctor's service some years, and seemed to have grown not the least bit older during that period. He considered himself on an equality with the coachman, and knew as much about dispensing as a good many doc tor's assistants. His {ailing was a weakness for the fair sex. His young mistress he adored with a hopeless love that %as sometimes comic. He had even been known in amorous mo ments to make love to the substantial Martha, with the aid of the kitchen table to enable him to reach her com fortable waist His present of flowers, however, was intended more as an ex pression of sympathy than mere ado ration. Martha took the flowers into her young mistress's room, walking on tip toe. To her astonishment Pauline was sitting up in bed wide awake, with sparkling eyes and burning cheeks. 'What lovely flowers, Martha! Did father pick them for me?' Martha stared aghast at the joyful light in the girl's eyes. 'Your father, miss?' 'Ah, I know he did. Bring them here, Martha, and spread them out on the bed, and we will play shops, and you will come in and buy and be. a grand gentleman, and I will sell you a buttonhole, and ? Ah, what is the matter with you, Martha? Why do you look at me like that?' 'Poor, dear missy, she thinks she's a little girl again; gri&f; has turned her brain,' cried Martha in distress. 'Lie down, Miss Pauline, lie down and sleep.' 'I won't. I am going to father to tell him his flowers are all dying. Look at them all going smaller and smaller. Where are they? You have taken them away.' 'No, I haven't, miss. There they are.' 'They are not. You are not telling the truth. Where is father?' 'He's gone, miss. Can't you re member—gone?' 'Gone!' shrieked Pauline, grasping, the frightened woman's arm. 'Gone? You have taken him away!' 'Lor, missy, do be calm,' sobbed Martha, 'You're not right in your head. I can't bring him back; I wish I could.' 'Tell me where he is, then. Do you hear?*' she cried, shaking her by the arm with all the strength of youth. 'Tell me or I will kill you. Why do you glare at me like that? Why does the ceiling press down on my head like that? Don't hold me, I tell you; it will crush us both in a minute. Let me go! Jump out of the window with me and we shall be saved. Take your hands off my throat!' . 'I'm not touching you, miss, I'm not indeed,' cried Martha, piteously. 'You are. What are these people round my bed? Send them away.' 'AIL right, Miss Pauline.' 'Ah!, look! lookl' shrieked the de mented girl, pointing to a corner of the room; 'look, there is Phil with a rope round his peck. They are going to hang him, and he is calling for me: Let toe go! Let me go, you horrible woman! Let me go to Phil!' 'He's not here, miss; he-s not, I as sure you.' 'And who are you? Ah, you're Mar tha. I know you. Where is mo ther?' 'She's gone, miss.' 'Bring her back. Do you hear? Bring her back at once!' 'I can't miss. Oh,. don*t look at me like that, you make my blood run cold.' 'Don't touch me or I will cry for help. I hate you! Help! help!' 4-What Is the matter?' asked the calm voice of Dr. Marsh, as he entered tiie room. The presence of the doctor calmed her a little. 'Take her away,' gasped Pahllne, pointing to Martha. 'Tell mother to send her off. I hate her!*' 'Oh, Mies Pauline, don't,' wailed poor Martha? wringing her hands. 'Yes, yea, tbn.es all tight', we'll eend her away presently; she's a bad wo man,' said the young doctor. . 'Well, I never!' exclaimed the aston ished Martha, brindling up astonished and indignant. 'Hush! Don't you understand? Hu mor her,' said the doctor. 'What are you whispering about?' asked Pauline, suspiciously. 'I know you. You want to marry me. You are Eddie. What are you doing with that gun? Ah, take it away from him!' she shrieked, leaping up in bed; 'he is going to shoot himself!' 'Yes, yes; that doesn't matter. Lie down and be quiet.' 'Where's father?' 'He's out Lie down and be quiet, or he will be angry.' 'I am quite good,' said Pauline, with sudden childlike obedience. 'You won't tell father, will you?' 'Not if you go to sleep.' 'I can't go to sleep. I hear voices outside. What are they saying? I can hear Phil telling them to take me away. He does not want me!s He does not love me! Hark! they are coming up the stairs.' At a bound she leapt from the bed towards the window, which was in the front of the house, and before they realised what had happened she .had thrown open the lattice and was lean ing half way out. 'Look! look! there he is— there is the murderer!' she shrieked, pointing to a man who was at that moment entering the front gate. The man thus alluded to looked up with a scared, white face. It was Stephen Markham. They pulled her back into the room, and Jimmy below admitted^Markham. 'What is the matter upstairs?' he asked, with shaking voice. 'The young missus is going on orful, sir!' 'Who has been here to see her?' gasped Markham. 'Only Dr. Marsh, sir.' 'You're a liar!' Markham blurted out looking round with his ferret eyes as though expecting a figure to dart out of the shadows and arrest him. 'You're another,' replied Jimmy, drawing himself up to full height, such as it was, and inflating his chest till it seemed about to burst, while all the little round buttons down the front of his coat oscillated in a most imposing manner. 'Only a little delirium,' said Dr. Marsh, coining down in time to pre vent a further passage of arms. 'Miss Chester is rapidly developing brain fever. The death of her father, and some other trouble of which I know nothing, have together quite unstrung her.' Markhiam felt - relieved!, but the quick eye of the doctor noticed that he was considerably agitated. 'Pauline's accusation of murderer in stead of surprising him, seems to have thoroughly frightened him,' thought Dr. Marsh. 'Never saw a man. look more startled.' It was not only Pauline's delirious raving that had alarmed the guilty man. As he came along the street a few minutes before he had been star tled by a rough-looking man, who came up to him and shook his fist in his face, muttering some incoherent words. The aggressor was hopelessly drunk, but the lawyer's quick eyes saw that he was wearing a rich silk necktie of a particular pattern. It was the only respectable piece of wearing apparel the man had on, and stood out with, undue prominence. Markham recognised it at once as his own — the one he had lost in the strug gle that night in Hazel Wood. Be fore he had time to recognise the blear-eyed drunkard as Job Cassidy another man with his hat drawn down over his eyes, cam» Up, and pulling the drunkard aside, hurried him away. The murderer dared not look back! In his guilty fear he hurried on, reasoning out the when and the how, the probabilities and the possibilities of the strange man's behavior— what it could' mean, and how he became possessed of the incriminating neck tie. Imagine, then, his state of ner vous agitation as he entered the gate of the Chesters' house, and his feel ings when he heard himself wildly as Bailed by Pauline's meaningless deli rious cry of 'Murderer!' can more readily be understood than described. His position was not so safe as he had imagined. At every, turn some thing happened to remind him of his crime. His cowardly fear magnified things until the habit of looking ner vously behind him at every few steps grew upon him. His profession brought him frequently in touch with the police, and he fancied at times that they looked at him stealthily out of the corners of their eyes. When they whdsperedi tog-ether his guilty mind conjectured that he formed the subject of their consultations. Like ihe cowardly schoolboy who, when about to be punished, cries out '1 did not do it— It was som© one else,' he longed to finally cast all the sus picion Upon Ptiil Baynor, aind so pro tect himself for evea*. Bat his plans werfc not ripe yet He had set hig heart Upon Pauline, and he could not give her up; he could not relinquish tihfe powefr over her which his know ledge of Phil's delusion gave him. Yet, if danger seriously threatened his own neck he was prepared even to abandon her. ($o be canttnuedO 