' Conscience. Part of a Sermon by Rev. Dr. Talmage. He took water ana washed his hands before the multitude, saying, I ' am Innocent of the blood of this just person; see ye to it.-Matt, xxvii. 24. At about 7 o'clock in the morning, up the marble stairs of a palace, and across ' the floors of richest mosaic, and under ceilings dyed with all the splendors of color, and between snowbanks of. white and glistening sculpture, passes a poor, pale young man of 33, already condemned to death, on his way to be condemned again. Jesus of Nazareth is his name. Coming out to meet him on this tessel lated pavement ia an unscrupulous, com promising, time-serving, cowardly man, with a few traces of sympathy and fair dealing left in his composition-Governor Pontius Pilate. Did. ever such opposites meet? Luxury and pain, selfishness and generosity, arrogance and humility, sin and holiness, midnight and midnoon. THE TIME-SERVING GOVERNOR takes the cushioned seat, but the prisoner stands, his wrists manacled: In a semi circle around the prisoner are the Sanhe drists, with flashing eyes and brandished 1 fists, prosecuting this case in the name of religion; for the bitterest persecutions have been religious prosecutions; and when Satan takes hold of' a good man he makes up by intensity for brevity of occu pation. Governor Pilate cross-questions the prisoner, and finds right away he is innocent, and wants to let him go. His caution is also increased by someone who comes to the Governor and whispers in his ear. It is a message from Claudia Procula, his wife, who has a dream about the innocence of this prisoner, and about the danger of executing him, and she awakens from this morning dream in time to send . THE MESSENGER TO HER HUSBAND, then on the judicial bench. And what with the protest of his wife and the voice of his own conscience, and the entire failure ? of the Sanhedrists to make out their case, Governor Pilate resolves if pos sible to discharge the prisoner from cus tody. . But the intimation of such a thing brings upon him ah equinoctial storm of indignar tion." .They will report him to the Em- ' peiror at Rome. They will have him re called. So Governor Pilate compromises the matter, and proposes that Chrisir be whipped instead of assassinated, and the prisoner is fastened to a low pillar, and on his bent and bared back come the thongs of leather, with pieces- of lead and bone intertwisted, so that, every' stroke shall be the more awful. Christ lifts himself from the scourging, with flushed cheek and torn and quivering and mangled flesh, pre senting a spectacle of suffering in which Rubens, the painter, found the theme for his greatest masterpiece. But the Sanhedrists are not yet satis fied. They have had some of his blood; they want all of it. So Pilate, after all this merciful hésitation, surrenders to the demoniacal cry of "Crucify him!!'. But THE GOVERNOR SENDS FOR SOMETHING. He sends a slave out, and so, although the "soldiers are in haste to take the prisoner to execution, and the mob outside are im patient to glare upon their victim, a pause is necessitated. Yonder it comes, a wash basin. " Some pure, bright water is poured into it, and then Pilate puts his white, delicate hands into the water and rubs them together, and then lifts them drip ping, for the towel fastened at the slave's girdle, while he practically says:-"I wash my hands of this whole homicidal transac- . tion. I wash my hands of the entire re sponsibility; you will have to bear it." That is the meaning of my text when it says:-"He took water and washed his hands before the multitude, saying, I am innocent of the blood of this just perspn; see, ye to it.'' s 1. Behold, in this, that CEREMONY AMOUNTS TO NOTHING if. there are.»not in it correspondencies.pf heart and life. It is a good thing to wash the hands. Hand washing was a religi ? u T,r<tmony am°ng the Jews. The Jew Mishna .gave particular direction howl that the hands must be thrust three times nf -Î5L * WÍ"lsts ln water« and the palm' i ^ must be rubbed- with tho closed fist of , the other. All that waa well enough for a symbol; but here is a' flt ÍÍV?r£m?e* to wash away guilt of ftÄ116 foes not quit, and of which' a de°ad fl^ repentaace' " waa Ceremonies, however beautiful and an propriate, may be no more than hís hypo critical ablution. In infancy we may be sprinkled from the baptismal font and ÏS manhood ;we may wade into deep immer sions, and yet never come to moral puri fication. We may kneel without prayer, and bow without reverence, and sing with -«V f-^y fCC6PtanCe- All your creeds ana liturgies and sacraments and genu flexion^ and religious convocations amount' to nothing unless your heart- life go into them. When that,bronzed slave took frora the presence of Pilate that wash basin, he carried away none of Pilate's cruelty, or, Pilate s;wickedness, or Pilate's guilt. No thing against creeds; we all have them, either written or implied: Nothing against ceremonies ; they are of great importance. Nothing against these symbols, if they! have behind, them genuine repentance and holy reminiscence and Christian consecra tion. But ceremony is only the sheath' to the sword,, it is only tho shell to the kernel, it is only the lamp to~ the-flame, it is only the body to the spirit. The outward must be symbolical of the inward. : Wash the hands by all means, but, more than all, get the heart washed. 2\. Behold, also,, as you see - Governor Pontius Pilate thrust his hand into this ' wash basin, THE POWER OF CONSCIENCE. He had an idea there was blood on his hand-the blood of an innocent person, whom he might have acquitted if he only, had the courage. Poor Pilate! His conscience was after him, and he knew) the stain would never be washed from the right hand or the left hand, and until the day of his death, though he might wash in all the lavers of the Roman Em pire, there would be still eight fingers and two thumbs red at the tips. Oh! the power of conscience when it is fully, aroused! '. With whip of scorpions over, a bed of spikes in pitch of midnight it* .chases guilt. Are there ghosts? Yes, not of the graveyard, but of one's mind not at rest. . And thus Brutus, amid his slumbering host1,. Startled with Caesar's stalwart ghost. Macbeth s looks at his hand after the midnight assassination, and he says: "Will all great Neptune's ocean wash this blood! .Clean from'ray hand? No;, this my hand will \- rather . .. - . ??. . .?. - ? ? ? The multitudinous seas incarnadine, 1 Making.the green one red. " ;-[ . For every" sin, .great or small, con"- * science, 'which is. the voice of God, has a reproof, more or less emphatic. Char les IX., responsible, for St. Bartholomew, massacre, was chased by the bitter memo ries, and in his .dying moment said" to his doctor, ' Ambrose Parry 'Doctor^" I. don't know what's the matter with " me ; I am in a fever of body and' mind, ànd have been for a long while. Oh, if I had only spared the innocent, and the imbe cile, and the cripple!" Rousseau declar ed in old age that a sin he committed ia his youth still gave him sleepless nights. CHARLES IL OF SPAIN could not sleep unless he had in the room' a confessor and two friars. Cataline had such bitter memories he was startled at I the least sound; Cardinal Beaufort, hav- . ing slain the Duke of Gloucester, often in the night would say, "Away! away! why¡ do you look at me?" Richard III., hav ing slain his two nephews, would some times in the night shout from his couchy, and clutch his sword, fighting apparitions.: Dr. Webster, having slain Parkham -in! Boston, ànd while waiting for his doom,: complained to the gaoler that the pri soners on the other side of the wall all night long kept charging him with hist crime, when there were no prisoners on1 the other side of the wall. It was the. voice of his owji conscience. From what did Adam and Eve try to' hide when they had all the world to thom- . selves? From their own conscience. What' . ' made Cain's punishment greater than he could, bear? ,Hls conscience.:. What made Ahab cry out1 to the prophet, "Hast thou found me, O .mine enemy?" ' > \- , WHAT MADE THE' GREAT FELIX TREMBLE .: ' , before the: apostle?; Conscience: What'. . made Belshazzar's teeth chatter ' with* aJ chill when ho saw a finger come out of the black sleeve of the midnight, and write on the plastering? Conscience, con science. . .Why is it that that man in this audience; with all the marks of worldly prosperity, upon him, is agitated while I speak, and is now flushed and is now pale, and then the breath is uneven, and then beads of per- _ spiration on the forehead, and then the look of unrest comes , to a look of horror, and despair? ,1 know. not. But he knows, and God knows. It may be he that des poiled a fair young life, and turned inno cence into a waif, and the"- smile of hope into the brazen laughter of despair. Or, it may be that he has in his possession the property of others, and by some strata gem he keeps it according to law, and yet he.knows it is not his own, and that if his heart should Btop beating this moment he would be in hell for ever; Or< it may be he is responsible. for a great; mystery, the disappearance of' someone who was never heard of, and the detec tives were baffled, and the "tracks were all , covered up, and the swift horse, or the rail train took him out of reach, and there are* only two persons in the universe* who know of it-God and himself. God present at the .time of the .tragedy, and at the retrospection, and. conscience-con science with stings, conscience ;with p a cer s, conscience with nails, conscience with furnaces, is upon him ; and until a man a conscience rouses him he does not repent. Tho worst thing- :a-' -man caa^ve tem I evil conscience, and the best thing a mtaa can have is what Paul calls a good con science. -, .'. : '." But there is no such thing as moral purification? If a man is a sinner- once, must he. always be one-an unforgiven sin ner? We have all had conscience after us. . Or do you tell me that all the words of your life have been just right, and all the thoughts of your heart have been just right, and ail the actions of your life just right? Then you do not know, your self, and I take the responsibility of say ing you are a Pharisee, you are a hypo crite, you are a. Pontius Pilate, and do not know it. . You commit the very same sin that Pilate committed. You have crucified the Lord of glory. But if nine tenths of this audience are made up of thoughtful and earnest people, then nine tenths pf this audience are ; saying within themselves, "Is there no such thing as moral purification? ls there no laver in which the soul may wash and be clean?" Yes, yes! Tell it in song, tell it in ser mon, tell it in prayer, TELL IT TO THE WORLD ! . That is what David cried out for when he ' . said, "Wash, nie thoroughly from my sin, .and cleanse me from mine iniquities." Be hold the ? Gospel Laver! The fountain opened for sin and for uncleanness, the?' blood of Jesus Christ, God's Son, : "cleanseth us from all sin." "If we con fess our sins, he is faithful and just to "?'for-. ?-.= give us our sins, and to cleanse us from . -, all unrighteousness. " "Let.. the wicked forsake, his way, and the unrighteous, man his thoughts, and let him return unto the Lord, and he will have, mercy upon him, and to our God, for he. will abundantly pardon." ., ?" 