BUR=IED FOR A WITCH. STORY OF THE CRIMIE. d" i i, A HORRIBLE AFFIR R. The following particulatr of the crime are takho fron the Lohdon l'Times'"'::" ' - A shookingoeocrooce;, rec?ling ? e bar. barities practised inzthe Middle Ages upon prioners charged with witchcraft.has taken plac at Aiiltypvadheo, atillage situate ni the elopes of Elievenaman, in the county Tippe rary. It would no incredible if lhe account .ci 8a ,~ s'? itsital by 'ttie awoin evodence of witnesses. Two men ad: a woman are clargw d with 'causing the death of a woman 27 years of ace, named Bridget Cleary, wife of a cooper, by forcing her, a' she was suffering fron nieryous excite ment and mild brobchitie, to trink noxious potions prepared for her by a herbalist, and then seizing her and roasting her under the sepposition that she was a.' witch. Her husband called 'n'her toisay, in the nadid'of God, that sho woe not iis' wife. She oas held over a tire, to make lher say. thi. These proceedings were repeated on the fot. lowiu'gnight, when the husband knocked her down, strippied off all her lotihes, poured pariaffinoit orver her, and set fire to her with a burning stick from the hearth. While she was burning to death there were'present six of the nstale erisoners'and two wotene all re lativces of the deceased.c Some of theon re monstrated with the husb~nd, but did notih. incemore.. e ie l them that iaw1soqpiz wife he wes.burning'but a witch, nd t'ihat she would disappear up the chimney. .Diriog the nrocess of the protracted 'and terrible tortures desoribod by a witnes??us l 'havi~ I been inflicted oni the unfortunateo wonian. sone of tihe party repeated the wordte, " Come home, Bridget Boland" (the tinaiden name of the victims, in the 'belief; ap parentl), that they were doing what was necessary to hrino back' the real Bridget Bolaud who had been carried off by the '"good people," the faizies,and that it was. a super. eittione counterfeit they were crunlly'killiug. The savage orgies were formed in the house of the womanes father., The dead body of the victim, withtlie Stomach burtthroucb, was found b?r'edi.n a ditch alter a wee.i The following is taken from the evidence at' the magisterial itivestigatiozi' at Clon. William Simpson. a caretaker, stated that on the night of the tragedy he went to the, house of Patrick Boland, and on the way met Mrs Bour?e and her daughter ,Kate. They Swent ts ogether to the house, and on reaching; tit hoard houta, apparently in men's. voices,= oi "Take it, you old--, or I 11 kill you.s" He could not see in thrqnl;h the witidow, but the door opaaed shortly afterwadds, and they Colonel Evanson: Was there anything that t led to the door beimng opened ? - The witness . They were obliged to open the door, as I thought, to put out the fairies. Continuing his evidence, he esaid that he and the two women went in, at:d they heard shouts of "Away she go; away she go." He then saw a number. of men holding Mrs Cleary in 'bed. These were' John Dunn, Patriek Kennedy, James Kennedy and Wo. I -Kennedy. Mrs Cloary's husband was stand ing by the bed, holding a saucepan in his hand, and he asked. Mrs Cleary, "Are you BridgetBoland.' wife of Michael Clecry, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy' Ghost ?'" She said, in reply, "Yes, Inam.!' The question was repeated several-'times. Witness saw Michael Cleary give his wife soo?e liquid in a spoon out of a? ancepan.. There were herbs in; the saucepa., Cleary was forcing the herbs into- his wife's mouth, and she resisted. Water, too, was thrown over -- her.' Pat" Boland ' asked ='her, iAre, you the daughter 'of' Pat Boland? Answer, in the name of 'the Ftithci, the Son, and the Holy Ghost." She did not answer, and the question was repested more than once. Quastioned as to what these' people were all in the house together; for wit ness said he believed " they'were driving out the witch," and the. door was open for the purpose. When she would not answer the question some one, he believed John:Dunn, said "blake down a good fire, and. we'll make 'her answer." ' There was a fire burning at this time in the' kitotes. She- was. then carried in .front' -of the fire by John Dana, Patrick Kennedy, WilliamwjKennedy, and' her husband, and.was again asked the same questions.: Witneis did not remember her making ananswer. 1he mon who were holding her then laid her oner the fire, Cleary holding the sauicepan all the time. The body was bent, and forced in on the grate, and her hips rested on it. -The other personsin the room made iso tig' of. disapproval. In reply to her fattier, who asked her, " Are yon: the daughter of Put rick.Boland, wife. of Michael Cieary ! An. swer me in the name of God." She sdia, "I am, dada." They were then satisfei? they had tneir own. Whartdo you mean by that--That they had itre Cleary, tnli ot a witch. Then what had they got before ?-They believed they had a witch." They shook her when she was in the bed, saying, "Away with you. Come home, Bridget Boland, in the name of God." The same men took her off the fire when she had answe:ed satia:fi torily. She was then put into bed, and they asked her questions, and she reconised all in the room. Some of thiOe in the room then tried to console her. At 6 o'lock ia the msrning Cleary went for the priest. The Rev. C. F. Ryan was next examiined, and stated that he -attended .the deceased woman previoues to her death, and gave her the last rites of the Church. On the Satur day following her death hte saw Cieary in the church in) Drangan. Ho was behaving like amadman, tearing his hair, and onpearcd to be suffering from remorse, Hi asked witness if he thought he would ever be forgiven. Dunn, who was along with Cleary, told witness that they had hurned her to death and buried her, and that he had been asking Cleory all the morning to give her Christian burial. Had he known there was any such thing as witchlcraft or foul play he would have refused to say mass in the house. *Ho had communicated with the police, and told them to have thnir eye on Cleary; On nuseoay Mrs Simpson, the wife of the witness William Simpson,generally confirmed hisstory. When the woman was carried to the kitchen fire, which was a slow fire, not hot enough to boil a kettle, the witness beard it said by some that "All the ques tions should be answered before midnight," which she understood to mean that the witch could not be driven away later than mid midnight. She saw nothing in reference' to a hot poker, bunt there was a mark as of a burn on the forehead of the deoossel. She knew where the "fairy ring" was at Kylenagranagh Fort, buto was never there. She heard Cleary tell her nusband on the Sunday following the murder that his wife was at Kylenagrnagh, that they would go for her, that she would be on a grey horse, and that they would have to out the cords thas bound her on the horse. She did not know whether they wont. Father Ryan denounnoed the outrage in the strongest terms in Cloneen Chapel, atd ealled upon those of his hearers who kunw anytheng of theb affair to communicate with authorities. Sixty years ago IMr Glllottwas a working Jeweller in Birmingham. One id day he accidentally split one of his fine steel tools, and being suddenly required p to sogn a receipt, and not finding a quill pen at hand, he used the split tool d as a substitute. This happy accident [ led to the idea of making pens of metal. It was carried out In secret, and nowt the name of Gillott is found on almost every pen you use. 