Jtmu0£mcnt0. THEATRE ROYAL. 'A GAIETY GIRL.' Hail ! Comus, god of festivs mirth and joy, though brief thy reign the mimic court echoes the jocund strains of merry voices tuned to rippling melody, Care shrouding her face in gloom flies into the land of shadows, and Laughter, holding both his sides- holds high revel. The garb of motley and the cap and bells, true symbols of gaiety, find ready greet ing 'ueath the Southern Cross, and loyal sub jects, bubbling over with merriment, ire sing ing — We're under the spell of the Gaiety girls — Heralds of merriment, spirits of laughter, Eyes gleaming brightly 'nca.tb shimmering- curls. Lips whose sweet music ascends to the rafter. Ghosts oi depression now vanish in air, Graces ineffable reign in their places. Smiles wreathe the features once furrowed with care, Catching- contagion from daintiest faces ; While even old Time stays bis sand as it whirls To bask iu the light of the Gaiety girls. A. sea of eager faces wreathed in expectant smiles gave enthusiastic greeting to the members of the Gaiety Girl Company at the Theatre ltoyal on Saturday evening. From floor to ceiling the place was literally packed, and never has the auditorium of the Theatre presented a more brilliant spectacle, while it is safe to affirm that the success achieved by Mr. George Edwardes's London Company will serve to fill to over flowing the managerial cup of happiness for the remainder of the season. To describe in sober prose the infinite variety of ' A Gaiety Girl' is as easy as to imprison a sunbeam. Its etory, light as the gossamer web the' spider weaves, is strung with, dewy drops of humor, which sparkle in the iilniy inesh like glittering gems ; stirred l-y the breeze of joyous laughter they glow with living tire, touch tneru and they vanish into thin air. An idyllic love story, fresh and sweet as new-mown hay, has tor a companion a rcchavffe of the tender passion shared by an elderly but amorous physician and a fascinating divorcee, while symptoms of the fatal mala'ay are plainly dis cernible in the pairing off of handsome guards men with dainty society ladies and charming 'gaiety' girls. From the pleasure grounds in view of Windsor, the characters are trans ported to Nice, where the amorous ocean kisses the feet of the shining beach, and dainty maidens in irresistible costumes llit about the foveground like eunlit humming birds. Light and intangible as air, the story runs its easy course to the music of joyous laughter and merry song, a dream ot lair women, and a picture from fairyland bathed in the roseate glow of youth and loveliness. Any attempt to label 'A Gaiety Girl' in order to give it dramatic significance must necessarily fail, and it matters little whether it be musical comedy, extravaganza, or comic opera, or a subtle admixture of all three, it cannot be gainsaid that it possesses the elements of each in being bright, ethereal, and fascinating. There is a sparklu and epigrammatic terseness about its dialogue as relrcshing as it is unwonted, a constant change of scene aud character intiuiteiy diverting, a kaleidoscopic brilliancy of costume delightful to the eye, and a daring unconventionahty which possesses an irresis tible charm. Add to these a piquant flavoring: of naughtiness, aud a spontaneous gaiety which shuns such weak devices as halting rhyinesand inane word playing, and some faint idea may be formed of . the attractiveness of this airy and fantastic corned y. Its interpretation is in the hands of indi%-idual artists whose person ality is eminently striking, but it is the perfec tion of its ensemble which constitutes its prin cipal charm. Minor characters there are, but they are filled with such conspicuous skill as to elevate them into an importance probably un thought of by the authors, whiiein the details of .stagu grouping, scenic effects, and .lively ' orchestration there is little to be desired. It were treading on delicate ground to attempt to describe the costumes, and yet they are so distinct from the scanty toilette of ordinary burlesque that some recognition of the pleasing innovation is necessary. Modem frocks, whicu to the feminine eye must bts dreams of loveli ness, are worn during the first act ; dainty bathing suits, the acme of charming frivolity, assert their sway in the second ; only to be rapidly changed to carnival costumes which iu their bewitching variety are simply indescribable. The ladies of the company present a bevy of beauty uuequitlled in the history of the Australian stage, charming features aud graceful forms being allied to an artistic appreciation which cannot but appeal to the admiration of the audience. iiiss Dechim Moore, petite and charming, makes Rose Brierly a bright and bewitching little lady with a pleasant singing voice, while her vivacity is displayed both in her acting and her dancing, which is full of sprightly grace. Miss Maud Kobson has an illimitable tortune in her face, and as the society beauty Lady Virginia Forrest shows exceptional talent in the delivery of cynical speeches and cutting lepartce. She cultivates the society of clergymen, because though ''generally dull thuy are always respectable,7' but her butterfly nature is deliriously displayed in her flirtations with Dr. Brierly, while the abandonment of her acting iu the bathing-box episode in Nice is equallj* delighttul. Miss Blanche Massey as the heroine Alma Somerset adds to a pretty face and graceful form a sympathetic voice and aquiet naturalness which made her impersonation of the character doubly charm ing, while Mrs. Edward Phelps as Lady Grey gave humorous verismnilitude to her present ment of a wealthy but warm-hearted lady of plebeian antecedents. Peculiarly enchanting was Miss Grace Palotta'sdelicious little comedy sketch of Mina, Lady Virginia's French maid, the piquant accent, expressive gestures, and ex quisite vivacity of the impersonation being singularly captivating, a pretty little ditty witu a Freucii refrain gaming a well merited double encore. The society ladies were charm ingly represented by the Misses Laura Kearney, JSoyliie iJlliott, and Ktn&l; Selwyn, and -equally pleasing exponents of 'Gaiety girls were found m the Misses Florence Lloyd, Claire Laightou, and Madge Kosselj. For quaintoriginality, and irresistiblehumor, the Dr. Brierly of Mr. Harry Monkhouse stands pre-eminent. A famUy likeness may frequently be traced iu the .comedians who visit these shores, but Mr. Monkhouse is a type in himself, and the mould iu which his artistic personality was manufactured pro bably got fractured, at least no replicas ot the original production have yet been seen. Un obtrusive and unctuous, his humor, like the widow's cruse, is inexhaustible ; it flows spon taneously, and while not dependent upon icdal contortion is materially aided by an ex pressive countenance. His principal points are quietly made; a peculiar intonation, a. sup pressed gurgle, or an eloquent gesture gives eifeet to a situation full of drollery, ecstasy is expressed in a wriggle, delight in a fatuous smile,- aud despair in a quaint but irresistible contortion provocative of uncontrollable laughter. Mr. Monkhouse sings as well as he acts and dances as well as he sings, his touching lyric aneut ' Johnny on the water slide' and his eccentric dance with Miss Decinia Moore bringing the penalty of success in iui enthusiastic recall. Mr. \V. Louis Bradfield, too, is a light comedian who quickly won the hearty approval of the audience. Mercurial in disposition he possesses an excellent singing voice, and is moreover a graceful and agile dancer, being conspicuous in aitaineful quartet representing the 'Household brigade' aud an amusing travestie of 'Pagliaeci.' The reception given Mr. Charles Kyley was warm hearted aud genuine, befitting welcome to an old favorite, and as Captain Goldiield, of the Life Guards'., he fully main tained his reputation both as an actor aud vocalist, gaining a demonstrate veencore for the well-known military ditty ' Tommy Atkins' and weli-descrved applause for his other selec tious. The Major Barclay of Mr. Fred. Kaye is an, inimitable purfoi uiance, aud proves that the art of making bricks without straw was not confined to the ancient Egyptians. Not that there is anything Masonic about Mr. Kaye's performance, except it l-e the easily resognised countersign of exceptional talent, out he manages to make much out of so little that he would have own invaluable in the days of Moses, and us fur his make-up, well — one cannot but coincide with Dr. Brierly's criticism, ' I've seen something like that on au organ.' Mr. Arthur Hope and Mr. Cecil Hope as Lif«- Guardsmen, whose know ledge of active service is confined to polo, and whose experience cf foreign travel js limited by the grounds of Windsor, are extremely realistic, and Mr. Leedham Bantock as a Divorce Court judge, whoss presumably cerulean reminiscences are promptly sup pressed, and whose personal appearance is strangely similar to that oi a well-known Ade laide solicitor, gave a refilled aud humorous embodiment of eccentric character. Mr. JH. C. Woodhouse had little to do as Goldtield's servant, and Mr. Fritz Rimma as Auguste, the bathing attendant, made the must of his limited opportunities. Dancing seems to come naturally to every member of the company, but the pas scut executed in the first act by Miss Madge Rossell was the essauce of grace, vitality, and picturesque postuiing. Its etiect upon the audience was electrifying-, and the dainty dauseuse was compelled to respond to the rapturous encore which followed, and acain won the undisguisfid admiration of the house. A carnival dance hy the Misses Maggie Cross laud, Lucy Murray, and May Lucas, garbed in Pierot and Pierette costumes, was similarly treated, and had to be repeated in response to an unanimous demand. Scenic iirt is admirably represented by two charming pictures hy Messrs. George Gordon and J. Gordon, the one the pleasure-grounds in view of Windsor and the other Nice with a view of Monte Carlo, two remarkably beautiful sets, while the chorus and orchestra, are fully in keeping with the universal excellence of the production. 