' ? CLEAR AS SUNSHINE. ;^*6W*FIKST PUBLISHED. BY RirtlAKO ASHE KINQ \ ?'';' f '.. I' BASIL'), inilief 0» 'Lovo th« Debt,' 'The Weiring ' . ^- '.; of the Green,' tie., -w. -I-O: !.,-; .('w**'-) I ??Wh»tSii» you two fellows sniggering ever ?? 'Cried Captain Barrington to a ' couple of subal *«tl»»ht-; were giggling like a brace of school gtfUoWa photograph. ' Something' nasty, .1*11 -» bound.' ' N»«tj I. Never made a worse shot in Tour life, old inn. Eh, Coltbunit ? lt'n nboiit as *i»*J*Pie»y » picture u ever vou saw. Ask QaMUbnt.' .; L :««fteth«r !' chuokled Colburst,appreciatively. ' ( t*'4--«Ht's not a fancy picture, either, for I ' tlfaVIt myself with a snap-shot of my1 Kodak,'' ?aldJP.rjy. 'fl-Jre! Chuck it over if it's presentable,' «HndBuTiu|tton. . PerrjiVimmed tue photograph aorou the ro6m to'fho Captain, who stooped, picked it up,«Jaooedatit,,aad then tat suddenly down with the exclamation which seemed to have been 'wrung from him by a turn of the rack. , 'llyGod!' ' What— what's tbe matter F Are yon ill ?' cried Ferry, starting up and hurrying across the room to Barrington, who for a moment made no answer. Presently he forced himsef to look again at the photograph, when he again groaned and gupud hoarsely :— ?' Where— ?' '.Where P' echoed Perry, in perplexity. ' 'Where did you take this P' cried tbe Cap tain, Vith a sndden fierceness which made Perry recoil a atep. 'I— I took it somewhere in Ireland. Where the dance did I take it now ? Ob, to be sure ! It was near Inebichree. Thnre was a sudden ?how, and I ran for shelter to a rained castle, and was only stopped atthe entrance bythe sight of those two spooning together. Just then the sun Wit again, and as they were too much taken op with each other to notice me, I could not retist taking * snap shot at them with my ?Kodak.'' ' '!t*as a gentlemanly thing to do, Mr.Perry,' tbe Oaptain said in a keen and oold tone, with ? snrhnsing recovery of his self -oonimaud. ' What do you mean ?' stuttered Perry, N blushing scarlet. ' If you were capable of understanding my meaning you would be ineapabs of this,' he media atone that out like a whip-lash, point to the photograph. Than with a withering look at the two foolish lad* he stole from the room. , Perry turned an inquiring look of perplexity ,tp Oottfcnnt, who promptly answered it. ' ' You're been and gone and done it now, my boy, and no mistake I It's the girl he's engaged to. .'Iswhicbme Cattle' or 'Bouse' in her address, for I've posted letters to her for him more than once.' '6osd heavatu !' cried Perry aghast. ' Bnt hangitaUr he added. ?? Be's well out of it. Aa ensued girl, like that, who would sit on 'aocsbar I ellow's knee, with her arm round his Mok and her cheek against his, is better found catbefor* marriage than after.' Tab alto was tbe eonsoling conclusion the Captain tried to persuade himself that hs had MbsOraoms to; bat his wild, mad love for UttirPewar cried aloud against it. If only he ;fc«Ua» toown! if ooly hehad bees aUowed to JhafaUi Elyaian tUonan-a Fool'* Paradise-, tntM£»7ai»dise! Bnt no. Hems driven ?ma*mjb with W$ flaming award which VmtmZA burne.1 arfmrifcu very Ma! . ? i iWiptifM'' lulu 1 Til) in' Tfiil ] .'.Wt^lWa answer this to no V MdtmnatiimthB ioally did cherish to* abWrtiSlMOta duel with his rival in Belgium -4 hope trbjeh. like a lightning-conductor, diverted his fury from Kitty-bat soon, seeing its footishness. he was again torn and tortured wish thoughts only of her. How he Joved and hated her - Worshipped and aoorned bar ! Her F Whom aboold he justly soamt Himself —himself alone ! Had he not been warned again and again and again that the girl was a flirt t Did not his aunt no 1-tnrshen last week complain to him in a long i. . tar of tier conduct with a Mr. BoUeston-this very man probably ? ? Knowing lus aunt's English and old-maidish prudery be had been impatient of her wooden warnings— assured that she bad misconstrued the innooent gaiety and guileless abandonment aadtbcwisuul winaomenns of an Irish girl through potting upon them a matter-of-fact ED^liahjGtorprVtatton. ? But *.' flirt 'was a mild name indeed to give a girl -«x«, while writing almost daily letters to her betrothed, alive and alight with seemingly die most artless love, could sit upon another man's haw (not a brother's, for she had none) with her am round bis neck, her cheek nestled against Ms, and her band smoothing tbe hair from his forehead It wasat this freturied point of bis meditations that tbe Oaptain sat down to write tbe letter which toned Kitty the next morning white as ttiebraakfaet-cloth. Being a ghi of a singularly high spirit she did not attar ? single word, but affected to go on with her breakfast unconcernedly until her father and her two young sisters bad quitted the room. Then she rose, and getting behind her mother's chair to prevent the white anguish of her face being seen! she said in breathless staccato sentence* :— 'Bead that, mother. It is from Captain Bar rington. Never speak either of it or of bun to me again.' And before her mother had .realised that something horrible bad happened to sever tbe lovers mwy bad swept in tbe queeulieat way from tbe room. Nor even In the privacy of her own room did she for along time break down into abject tears. She stood as though turned to white marble, facing defiantly the Captain'* photograph over the mantel-piece, as though daring it to repeat tbe outrageous language of the letter. When Sir mother's timid knock came pre sently to the door Kitty asked in a dull dead i?wbltitjtr 'ttiil.ritar.'. ??Web, mother, what is it?' she repeated upon her mother's entrance. 'It's Mm* misunderstanding, Kitty— some dreadful misunderstanding— or mischief-making of his sun?*: From the first, dear, I never liked— ?*? - 'Dotft, mother; I asked you not and I meant \- it,' aheWidfo a tone which at once silenced and terruTeS aer gentle mother. ' Tumlaf to *ty something not less repellent and sted-eold to her mother, Kitty caught the yearning trouble in her gentle eyes and was moved to fold her impulsively in her arms and » sob :— ? ' ' : - ' Dearowtber I Dwr, dear mother I' And seen the poor girl wss again a little child ?Bonharmothtrv knee. Yet even then she would not tot her mother talk of tbat letter or . its writer. -'? - ' If IstrueVyoa io the faoe, mother, you ' woiddna*)rk»«er to apeak of it, or have it ? aiioken of, 'ifasiinetry to forget it ; it's tbe moot I oan boptYor ' she laid, with an aching desolation iofrr voice whioh made her mother \- press her alnuMtVassionately to her bosom. But though poor Kitty would not allow her mother to4buu» the letter or its writer, or tbe i wosvuof «» writing, witbToo Inconsistency wbieh girl» Mil understand, she permitted, oven perhaps enoWaged, her dearatt friend, Hiss B«ll Herbert, to diMUM tbe whole affair ex BAurtivehr. ?it.'tthi' imt, of eoune; and it's Mr.Rolles toa, of - oarne ; but nothing yon could do or she coqIiI my jsstines.i-iiqh a letter. I should dearly like to give *iav atyitU* lesson with this/1 ?waning lit* rifling-whip viciously in the air. Heed I say that a litUeof this vigorous virago U1L flf phyitioal tfcogeanoe upon the reoreaut ailarwntiouaryeffeotonKlUyP Her love was ?Jeiul- murdered aa she thought— but she re wrnoedifoHosty, the body of the dead, and ?gold not endure it* desecration by snoh talk. AsBollbillWie taot to paroelve this, she weut at nueaajoii the opposlt* tack of trying to imagiu«-aaidnu%to protOamUok for such a latter. ? M A.. t^oorot*^t»1n-ned Kitty o«» aM her flirt*. *k,Mi withlb. WoUaVton wttboal toding any. thing whiijUuyoM sxnld oaodidly oonjider ?Juloyall* »»-w sturagaoMsd). ' Buytom'H no Jmowing what she'd think Un»»p«rAtto wound up— « the' being Mrs. Ifiuaura, W}joipbjlii'« aunt. ' Sonw of (Iik»o Vrin '*''*1™WWB8I ?r0 10n- VtiA'a mwAun mi«lttt--~tu*i9WSo!*qT.tlliiig'*bio)i pushes ftssH oat' ^ijjOtA prtjifu- lAoular br a hair's. Uuviui; doue Kuiuetliini; kf licr «yriip«ili.v al least, if not by hir cominrnta and hrr munwl, to comfort poor Kitty's hsitonrd h'Hr(, Iii II bail to quit her to ride hornet, nhtrrelhrrp happened to be urgent need of her presence »l lunch. Just as she was in the act of mounting her mare : nuaided, and fqf_ Hiii^,' purDOse'.'lud gathered up her hsliit nil in)M hlind, she ca'iiglit sight of tbe necreant Captain slaiiddig titariiig at taw as though turned to stone. ' He had no sooner posted Jlis .letter to Kitty thau he re.punicd of tie brutality anil hurried after it, or rather with it in the Limited Mail to Ireland. His intense love coming back upon him with a rush swept rvorylhing before it, so that in thin mood aud for the moment bo would believe nothing — not ttant internal photograph, not hi» own vury eyes— ngainst Kitty's truth and modcNtv. Bell, though «kn hnd no idea tbatthis was the Captain (whom she had nnver seen), was arrestod liy the stiipnfaction ci|irojned in the face of this man who stared at her as at tbe ghost of Botno our hit bad murdered. Presently hr. took out a photograph and com pared it with her lace and'Ugure— not forgetting her riding trousers ! ' I but your pardon,' he stmmcred, ' but is UiisyouF' Yes, it was Bell sure, enough, with Kitty siting on her trousered knnes. In ridinR she bad overtaken Kitty and been overtaken by a sbower. . Leaving her horse with her groom, she scampered across with Kilty to tbe Castle Cor she)ter,snd,as there wss only one sheltered seat available, she took Kitty on her knee. Kilty b'd occulted all her person but her trousered legs and her close-croppod head I [The End.1 