A CA1'TUKE BY TH-. POLICE. By LUBs SnaRP in Detroit Free Press. Billy Sims was enjoying that period of rest and peace which comes to a man when his wife and family go to the seaside and leave him in possession of -the house. Then a person can stay -out as late as he likes; he may smoke in any 'room in the house; may even go ;to bed with his boots on if it so pleases him. Billy had expected to stay at the sea for a couple of weeks, but a telegram had recalled him to town after being a day or two away, and he came joy fully back, for the sea bored him and there was nothing lively going on at the resort his family had chosen. Be fore he left town Billy had told the police of his suburb that the house would be closed for a fortnight and he .asked them to keep their eye on the premises. Billy's faith in the force was somewhat shaken when he un expectedly returned, found he had left his latchkey at Marine-villa, and. was thus compelled to climb in at a window a little aftermidnight, yetno notice was taken of him. He got outin the same way next morning and telegraphed for lis" keys. He roamed all over the house with a lighted candle at various periods of the night, but the guardians -of the peace never disturbed him, and Billy made up his mind that the next -time he went away he would take out a burglars insurance and not trouble -the guardians who guarded so care lessly. - On Saturday afternoon Billy, having a day off, took a day on, as it were, and went for a long spin through the country on" his bicycle. He had dinner at a wayside inn and got home late and tired. Putting .his machine in its shed he entered the house, poured out for himself a glass of cooling stimulants, and rested his weary body in his most com fortable armchair sipping his gratify ing mixture in accordance with the directions on the bottle. The house was very quiet and soon Billy dropped off to sleep. He woke- up suddenly and found everything still very quiet -and very dark as well, yet he had the feeling within him that he had been awakened by a, noise. He listened' intently,'sitting still in the comfortable -chair, and presently the chandelier above his head gave a little rattle as it was in the habit of doing when some one was walking in the room overhead. Billy did not believe in ghosts, for he was a newspaper man and could hardly be said to believe in anything. Again the chandelier jingled, yet there was no noise of a footstep overhead andlit -dawned upon Billy's scarcely awakened faculties that whoever was above him was going around in his stocking feet trying to be as silent as possible. Billy regretted that he did not own such a thing as a revolver, for he felt con vinced that at last burglars were in the house. He vaguely saw himself writing an account of the incident headed, ' Desperate Encounter With a Burglar-Heroic Conduct of a Subur ban Householder.' Fired by the thought, and in spite of the distinct creeping of his scalp which we exageorate into telming the sensation of the hair standing on end, Billy grasped the poker that lay in the fender by his chlir. and cautiously crept out into the hall, making his way like a cat up the stair, feverently hoping that no step would creake. At the landing abuve Billy peered into the bedroom from which the light issued and was appalled to see not one burglar but three. This exceeded Billy's ,most ardent 'expectations. He had been prepared for a de-perate encounter with one, especially if lie could have -crept in on him and landed him one on the nob with the poker before the burglar was aware that there was any body else in the house, but a fight with three w-s too much of a good thing. One of them would be certain to have a pistol which would make things even more interesting. Glad as he would be to have an exclusive item for his paper, he had no desire to have some one else write it up, and head it 'Dastardly Murder of a Reporter in Lonelyville.' Tlhere are some sacrifices that a man does not' care to make, even fr his paper. Moderation in all things was Billy's mnotto. The burglars had evidently come to the conclusion that there was no one in the house, for no guard was set. They moved about quietly but that merely come from long practice in an arduous profession where there was much night work and little thanks from, a callous public. Billy did not pause to think that these men had no Saturday night off, and that they were most industrious while other people were sound asleep. We generally think that our own particular occupation hrls the' most drawbacks, giving little heed to the discomforts of others. - One man was holding a bag open and the other t*o were creeping about filling the receptcle with varioususeful articles prized by conuoiseurs and collectors. * I think we've got as much as we canl carry,' whispered the, man who was holding the bhag. Thlis remark caused Billy t ieflect that if he was going to do anything in the nmttter it was time to set about it. So -he: emulated the conduct of the celebrated duke of York, who mnar'chled his men up the hill and straightway Snarched themdown again. Billy crept -dawn the stair with the unused poker still iri his fist. He realized that if he -went to the police station, which was .sorne distance distance away, the burglars would be gone before help -came. Then the brilliant idea oc.urred to him that he might follow the thieves silently on his bicycle, mark their lair, -ncne with an ample police forse at his back and capture the whole oultfit, thus earning ths eternal gratitude of the entire neighborhood. I hie the item would be headed ' Clever Capture of a Band of Burglarsr-'l'he Silent Cycle Follos Them to Their Rendezvous. Billy quietly got his machine out from its shed; noiselessly unlatched the back gate, closed it again as silently as he had opened it, and waited in the shadow of a tree across the way. In a very few momeuts the burglars came out, each carrying a bag. They peered up and down the deserted street and then slipped out walking rapidly away together. Billy had no difficulty in following them. His only trouble was the street lamps, which he avoided as well as he could by keeping on the opposite side of thie road fsom them. Me hoped he would meet a policeman so that he might give the alarm, and his wish was gratified. The officer stepped nuexpectedly out from beside a tree and he grasped Billy by the arm. 'What are you cycling out at this time of the night without your lamp lit.' ' My lamp lit, you fool,' gasped Billy, taken by surprise and therefore not having time to choose his language with the care a man should use when ad pressing so important a personage as a policeman. ' How the-c--could I chase burglars with a lit lamp r ,That's all very fine,' said the officer ;'I've heard that kind of a story before. A man dosen't get up and dress himself in a full bicycling suit to chase burglars at 2 in the morning.' ' But Islept in my bicycling suit, you ass,' protested Billy, feeling, as he said it, that it sounded rather thin and unbelieveable in the morning air. 'I'll report the language you are using to the magistrate,' said the police man calmly, knowing the whole machinery of the law was with him. 'LMy house has been burglarized,' cried Billy. The three thieves passed you with their swag and I don't sup pose you ever saw them. Precious lot of good you idiots are, not only letting the rascals slip, but arresting and stopping a man who is robbed and who is trying to do the work you are paid for doing.' ' Come and tell all this to the officer on duty at the station. You're bicycling without a lamp at, and that's all I have to deal with, and I'm going to deal with it.' Billy broke into language that was both deplolible and undefensible, but the policeman merely noted it down and took the unfortunate man to the station. Billy speedily convinced the night man at the police station that a mistake had been made, and two of the force were sent to investigate. They reported that the house had been burglarized with neatness and dispatch, but the burgling birds had flown. The magistrate told Billy next morn. ing that if Ihe had been more moderate in his talk this miscarriage of justice might not have happened. He should not use such language, the magistrate said, and when Billy asked whatelso he could have used, seeing that he had no club with him, the magistrate remarked that he would fine him for contempt of court if he tried his flippancy on the bench. So the item appeared as ' Burglary at Lonelyville,' and another paragraph stated that Billy Sims, a well-known journalist, had been fined for riding about the streets at 2 in the morning on a bicycle with an unlit lamp and that Billy was supposed to have been ia toxicated at the time, whereas the truth was that the magistrate let Billy off with the reprimand aforementioned. As the police have not yet succeeded in capturing the thieves, although they are always coming on a new and gratifying clue, Billy thinks this is a hard world. 