The Affair at the Nest. at iiiw. ncLEM conww rnsncR, j " Never mind, Ftunfe, wa can wait." " You,'co an angel, Violet," and tho young man onroflsod softly the littl&hand; that flut tered in his," and Aunt Hannah in-" " Not I" laughed Violet Granger, finishing the sentence (or him. " Well, I hato her. What difference will it make to her twenty yeara honco, whom I marry now. I'm not Bura itweod that Bha'fl good for ton years lon/tar, and il-" " Frank Kccleaon!" "Oh, yes, 1 know. Poopla may sparo no I pains to make >ou hate thom. Well, then, 1 lova the aunt who has crossed mo all ray life, do I f You know it's not bo, Violet. You j know if I went homo now, and found her in i hor shroud, it wonldn't cost mo any great heart-aoho." "It should, since you profit by hor money. Oh, l?rank 1 Frank 1 I didn't think you would apeak BO o{ the poor old woman who has .been a mother to you, with all hor harsh ness,,' said Violet, with sad sweetneoa. j " I deny it. Was it motherly to lorce mo { all my life to do tba very .things 1 huted moat? Have I ever had a Binglo taste or in clination alio did not thwart if it wore pos sible t No, no, Violet, you and Aunt Hannah are two porsona. I love one and hato the other, and that ia tho end of it. I should like to be able to have my own way though, onoo before Bho diea. It'll be dreary waiting till ; she BlipB thia mortal coil, eh, Violet ?" i Toe young man spoke bitterly, and looked ( Btern. . . ..i I : Violet |liBtonod to hvm with unhappy, j doeplyloving eyes. j " Something will happen, surely. Some thing may happen, detir," she said, tenderly. " And if wo lovo each other bo truly, what are , a few years more or less to hearts so young j as ours T" ... ». « i A low years 5 Y ou ro too muon of an ! angel to calculate upon anything but that j termagant softening Inward ua. Sho wo n't, though. That flinty heart won't give in mi- , til death's fingers crunblo it to ashen. You and I'll ba gray before that time." " We can hope, at k-iat, dear ; oven Aunt Hannah cannot take our hope from us. Shall I sing for you now?" iitie took his sileaoo lor aswont, and going j to the modest littlo instrument which stood < aorofls the roonii flan;; softly ons tendGr, soothing strain after another, while hor lover, j lingering in tho low window seat, pulled the roses that grew near and their toro loaves with 1 a half vicious hand, too savagely irritated at ; thof ato that hindred bm desires, to heod tho , loving tones with which Violet sought to draw him from his thoughts. Contemplating the misohief her lover baa done her roses next morning, Violet's oyea were half #ad, half Broiling; but aba broke into a oarol, like bird notes, as she tied anow the vines his too energetic hand had loosed from their supports. A paHHcr-by oalled her. " Have you heard; no, I Bee you have not, what happened at the Nest laBt night?" Violet turned swiftiy, with a changing countenance. Frank hved at the NaBt with i his aunt. . | "Poor old Miss Ecolenon was murdered in ? bed laat night." Violet caught at the widow-ftaruo for sup- , port, hor [very lipa turning white, and hei j heart beating slowor and slower. | " It oan't bo 1" she ga«pod. I w j wish it couldn't, but it if. I just met thfl doctor coming away, They Hsnt for him, ol ? course, but she must have been dead hours be- ; foro he got there. There's crowds of people j gone over from town. But you live so remote i jroia the Neck, it's no wonder you did not hear of it till now." Violet shuddered, find wished tho man would only go on, as ho did presently, aa he was anxious to reach the scene of tho tragedy. , , Murder I And Frank had almost wished hor dead the night before 1 Poor Frank, what a horriblo lesson it must be to 1 him I , Later in the day oame a note from Frank, a hurried sorawl, almost unread- j able and written with a hand that visibly j trembled. . i .'Don't oouie near, darling,' it said. Xha horror is almost more than I oan bear j now. I wouldn't havo you see and bear ; what I havo to see and bear for all her j money. I wish to [leaven it could go intotba grave with her. I will oome and seo you a& soon as L oan get enough color in my face to dare to," He oame for a few momenta that evening, but for all the life in hi>J look ho might hava been as dead as Aunt Hannah. Ilia face was ghactly, his eager blue oyes had ajjoarrfd ex pression that made Violet try, but in vain, to check him, as he lingered with a sort of hor riblo fascination, over the details of the murder. Aunt Aannah bad beon strangled with her own pocket-handkerchief, as she sat late at her knitting. The servant had found her, purple and stiff in her ohair, whtm they wont to oall her to breakfast at half-past six in tho morn ing. "I don't think she had bean dead long. I didn't think so, and I sent for the doctor as fast as a horse oould rids. I couldn't do mora, oould I Violet ? She always getB up eaily. She must have got up eurly and taken her knitting, you know, and the wretch^that killed her would have been as lika to do it early in the morning as late at night, wouldn't ha now, Violet dear?" " Had her bed been slept in," questioned Violet, controlling her repugnance to the sub ject for her lover's sake. " No one oould tell. Sue always mado hoc own bed though, and Bhe might have made i() the tat thing that morning. Oh I am quite euro it was early i.i the morning. Sho eat with her buck to 'he window, you see, and her handkerchief rniiat have fallen to tha floor whore thB tellow ci uid secure it without being seen. Then it w.ia easy enough to ao complish the rest befota she could cry out. Sho oouldn'i have had time to call out, do you thiuk she could?" "I don't think anythiagaboufc it. And you had bettor stop thinking nbout it," oiolaimed Violet, with an uncomfortable shiver. " Why will you talk of it Frank ?" " I won't if you don'c wish ma to," Frank said, gloomily, pushing his ohair back into the shadow, and covering his face with his j hands. [ Violet regarded him wcnderingly. _ j " Poor fellow, he is so sensitive," she said ; to herself, and moving tier ohair nearer to j his, drew his cold hands into her warm and ; loving clasp. i Ha returned her tender gaza with a look : painfully sad and questioning. " Would it be possible, Violet," he said , at last, " would it ba possible for you to be lieve that I had any hand in laat night's do ings?" Tho faoe of tho sweet girl blaiiahed like snow. Her eyes darkened and dilated like one smitten with sudden terror^ Than (:ha dropped her lips to his hands with swift,pas- . Bionate kisses. " No, no, Frank : no, never." : "My darling," ha .murmured, draw ing her to him, and kiaaing her again and again. She remembered those kiuaes long after. Could any but innooeut lips have killed tier ao. There was no olue to the murderer, noth ing had been stolen, and though Frank 15o oleson was the ouly one who cou'd have pro fited by her deush, no one thought of accua tii'g him, and not ft (shadow ol suspicion at tached to him. There waa no ono to oontest the heirship with him, and tho Nest, with his wide, riuh lands, and other belongings fell to him with out delay or question. Bui Frank Ecoleaon waB tmoonsoious ot all. He oume home from his aunt'a luneral, a wet, eoggy evening it waa, and threw him Belt into an easy-chair, oui*?ag i!ie servants t. pile wood in the wide fh'epiaoe till it glowed Iia8 & furnace, out tho fclii^e failed to v/nros hinu He n.nt there tryinj; to warm hisohilled lingers, and muttering to himeelf.tiil the feve* ^hioh had marked him for its ov/n, swoojoed upon him like a vulture, and dag its beak into bsart and brain. Tliey oarried him to his chamber by main force, ho struggling and raving with delirium, arid Violot camo to help the housekeeper, Mrs. Grim, to nurse him. For weeks Frank Ecaleson hung upon the very bordors of eternity nnd knew no one, and talked as people with brain fever will, wild, Btrange talk, that drove Violtt'a young blood curdling round hor heart, and set in her white facts a shadow that waB not oast by tha death she had battled so deeper- j ately from her lover's bedside, but was oven ' more orncl. ! Mrs. Grim had been more than housekeepei to Miss Bccloson. She had been her bosom friend, the one soul of all the world, perhaps. that had truly loved the miporiy old woman, and though Hannah ftceleaon had not so mucb as mentioned her in her will, the housekeepei held to her loyally. j Violet tniule one wild attempt to banish i Mrs. Grim from the sound of Frank's mail talk, but Mrs. Urim would not go. Sometimes the eyes of the two women met, above that terrible oouoh,and the look of one was Hiek with liorror, and piteous with ap pealing, Tho other's was hard, was pitileui as her dead mistress' would have been undei similar aircuamtancos. At last there caws a time when tha fever loosened its hold, and left the siok man like soma wan ghost of himself, stranded upon thoso shores iroin which ho had so nearly drifted. ? lie was too weak, too strange to the use ol his aonses to read nt once the new look that had bo darkened Violet's Bweot eyes. With all her strength ehu tried to keep it out of them j when sho looked at hira, but hers was a frank , heart, used for mirrorim: all its thoughts ic { those innooont depths, Frank bad read them 1 too many times in the old happy days to make ; ony mistake now. He was a coward, and would fain have persuaded himself thai bis ovea told him wrong, but he could not. Beaidos, there was Mrs. Grim, whose face bjiOjO the same story though in a differ ent ten. us. I Tt)u sioli man shrank away among ; his pillows, and shut his eyes whenever by ! any cbaneo Mrs. Grim or Violet looked at | him. j " Thus coneoienoe does make (towards at us all." j Mrs. Orira sot alone in the kitohen at tha i Nest. She sat with her feet on the hearth ol i the stove, thorn* hard, unrelenting eyes gazing into tha embers. | A soft step sounded beBide her. It was Vio> , let. Her face was pale, her eyes had dark 1 circles around them. j " We" ?" «he said gently, as Mrs, Grim' j looked up. " I shall do it to-morrow," . Mrs. Grim said, and ehu'i her eyes tightly over tho aen tence. S " You will give him no ohanoe for his li/e, I you who loved her ?' I Mrs. Giim's lips did not relax. She only I shook her head. " At least wait a week longer. " When ho will be strong enough to flee,; } porlit>pj, tho doom he merits/ No I" "You will not?" and Violet knelt by the ' ! hard woman's side, 8nd lifted her poor quiver j ing hands in wild appealing. j But Mis. Grim only glanced at hor, and ! , looked back into the lire. j j Then Violet rose to her leet again, and ' I went back to the aiokxoom. i " Frank," Baid she, going close to him, I "you must look at me; you mu^t listen to I me. You are weak, I know, but if your life . depended upon it, you could get up and dress j yourself, and go away from here, I am sure ; you oouid-1 am sure you will try." I Frank Bacleson opened his wide blue ayes, ! and lookod at her. He seemed in that in stant to shake oil the strange oowardice that had eo unmanned him. " What do you moan ?" he asked. " Tell me. l£ I am to muster strength for what you nay, I must hove a strong incentivo. But I j will not try. I will stay, whatever it is, and j meet it. I have shrunk too long." Violot shivered a little. "You woro delirious, Frank, and you told all there was to tell, and Mrs.Grim heard it. She is going to inform against vou to moijrow." Frank lifted himself on his elbow and looked Violet in tho faeo. A light seemed j to dawn upon him. I " Will you ask Mrs. Grim to come here? | not that 1 may plead with her, but that I j j may toll her the truth " I Mrs. Grim's iitony lips set themselves like ! flints, but she rose and went to the sick-room when she got tho mesBoge. " I have been a miserable coward," Frank j said, as the two women drew near,but I have j I not been the guilty creature you imagine, i You are a hard woman, Mrs. Grim, but you i are a just one, and you will bolieve me when you hayo heard my story. " I came home from your house that night, Violot, with a bitter and wioked heart. I don't know but as heart I was wiolied at the villain who murdered her. " It was late, but there wasa light in my aunt's room. A3 I o&me; along the passage sho called out to me sharply twice, and her voice soundt'd strange. There seemed, too, j to bo some sort of strange movement in the room, but it was sii&bE;, find I, feeling hard sod bittsr toward hsr, would not answer hor, and instead o{ going 10 her, I turned baok and went to my room another way. "But I never dreamtd what awful thing was doing. I thought she had one of thoso neuralgio attacks to whiah she wan subjwit, and 1 said to myself that uhe might fight it out. as I was doing. " I don't know yes that it was not so. I don't know yet that ehe came So her death then, or that sho was struggling with! tho villain when she oailtm me; but tha fear that it was 30 has nearly cost mo cay senses, and the fear thai: if I told the truth,' it would direct suspicion to me as tho pro-, ba'olts perpetrator of the deed, held me in a cowardly silcnce. Da you believe me, Mr*. 3rim 1" " 1 do net believe you, Frank Eooleaoa," j said Mrs. Grim, and want Back to the 1 kitchen. hong before Frank had finished his recital, Violet had orept elosc to her lover and prayed him to forgivo her. j lie had stopped to kiBs the liUlehanda that fluttered to his graep, and to say, "My poor darh'ug !" .' How could 15" Violet sobbed. " 1 deeerve that you should never forgivo ma, | but you accused yourself eo frightfully in ! your delirium." ''I accuse myself still. I would give all my auut's money to Unosv certainly that sho was not struggling with her murderer when she called me and I did not reply." MrB. Grim kept co her intention, and lodged her information, fu sha callcd it, in the pioper quarter tho next day. Sho met a somewhat discouraging re ception, however. But, as Frank said, though a hard woman, pbe wan just, nnd she went baok to him and Violet with sincere rejoioing. Theretvl murderer had been found, and had con leased totbo deed. He proved to be ono of tho laborers em plojed by Miss Hannah Ecoleson. There had been Bumo money differeuoe between them, in which she had been very hard. Too man wan of a stolid, slow, revengeful nature, ana he waited hie time,and strangled her with her own handkerchief an ehe sa» knitting at half-past four on thu morning they found her Btark and dead in box ohair. So Frank had not that on his con science. Cnni-ti AMJ- i''cvi:ri.- 'l hu iollowing reoipe has c.:i>:d hundreds uf oiues of chills and foyer without failing in a single instance, Hero is the prescription: Put the yolk of onu fieah-lsid egR into four to five (according to nj>e of patient) spoonfuls of cider or wine vinegar; beat i7e)l together and take a d0B0 lilto thiB three times a diiy tor tbreo cottaeou tiv.vdays, half Mi huiir before each mealtime, and uo coi atop short oi thy nine doses, even K iho ohillo haveoeaied, 