THE DRIFT OF FATE, Now Fibst Fodlisiied. By DORA RUSSELL, Author of "A Country Sweetheart," "Tho Broken Seal," "His Will and Hers," "Hidden in My Heart," "On Golden Hinges," &o.;, k o. ALL aUEENBLAND IUOHTS BBSEnVKD.J CHAPTER XrV.— (Continued.) Tell me,' ho said, bending his good looking face nearer to hers, ' if you do not know that I love you ; if you do not know that I have come haok to-night to oak vim for vour love ? ' ' Oh, no, no, Major Seton, you must not say that ! ' answored Nell, in a half- frightened tone. ' I— Pm your friend— I wish always to ho your friend — but we must not think of anything else.' . . But why?' 1 There are reasons— many reasons But you do not dislike mo?' in- terrupted Godfrey, as Nell paused, and hesitated. ' Indeed, I do not,' . answered Nell, earnestly, 'I like you better — well, I will tell you the truth— better than any one I have ever known., I — I feel, too, that you understand me, and that I partly, at least, understand your thoughts, But for all that ' ' What are the reasons that part us, Nell?' ' Something,' said Nell, and she put a trembling hand over her face; 'some thing that we cannot got over. It is wioked even, I suppose, for mo to like to hear you say you eare for me ; but for all that I do like to hear it, and to think it, too. Major Seton,' and she looked straight up with h6r gray eyes into his face, ' will you trust me ? I will- be' a true friend to you always ; the truest friend a man ever had— more I cannot ho —but I will be that.' She put her hand into his, and stood there, looking at him with hor steadfast eyes, and as she did so Godfrey Seton deemed to read her soul. , ' It'is something real and great then,' lie said, in a low tone of pain ; ' some thing that we cannot get over ?' ' Yes,' answered Noll, with quivering lips. 'But how can that bo?' went on Godfrey, still looking on her face, and holding her hand fast in his, ' You a young, girl — pure and innocont — what past can you have to pai't us ?' ' Yet I have one,' said Nell ; 'a past not disgraceful; not' shameful, yet ono that parts me from you — I could trust you — but ' ' Trust me, and you will find me not unworthy of your trust.' ' I know that ; I am sure of it — and yet ' . ' Nell, trust me !' Nell paused and hesitated. ' If — if you really likt, me,' she said, it is but right that you should know.' ' I do really like you- Nell ; I like you as a man likes /me woman in his life. I came baok to-night to ask you to be my wife, and to tell you also of a great folly — nay, worse than folly — of my own.' . ' You mean ;' ' Never mind just now what I mean j I want to hear your story first, and to know if the reason you speak of is as real to me as it seems to you.' 'It is real, but tonight let.it rest; I will tell you — yes;, I promise — but to night, oh ! let ns not talking of anything painful or sad!' ' Very well, let us be happy to-night, and leave the ghosts of the past behind ub. Tell me what you were thinking of, Nell, wheu I came baok, and startled you ?' Nell looked up halt- smilingly in hie face. 'I can scarcely tell,' she said ; 'I was. watching the drifting clouds; all Rorts of vague fancies were passing through my mind.' 'And through mine too, as I rode baok. 'Null, how like we are — only ' ' Do not speak of uny difference between us. But let us go down to the waterfall ; there is still light enough for that.' So the two went together, and stood watching the water falling, falling on its ceaseless flight. And presently the stars came out one by one, and shone down on the darkening world. ' Whioh is outs ?' said Godfrey, looking up at the luminous sky ; ' tho star whore we lived together long ago ?' Nell sighed softly. , ' It looku very peaceful up there,' she apswered, wistfully, 'far away from the troubles and worries here.' CHAPTER XV. . A HBABX REVKALTJD.' Neither Godfrey Seton nor Nell made any allusion next morning at breakfast to their long momentous interview of the sight before. Yet they met with a con sciousness sweet to them both ; with a eoret knowledge that cast a halo and . glamour over their hearts. I ' : And it was well that Godfrey -had something to act -as a sort of armour to his unole's attack on tho subject of ' the Indian widow.' For kcarcely had he seated himself at the breakfast-table when Mr. Seton began. ' Well, Godfrey, I hope you are pre pared to encounter a tompest?' he said. 'Do the olouds look threatening ? ' answered Godfrey, glancing at the sky, hup at the same time ,not looking particu larly happy. \- 'Heavy squalls ; decidedly stormy, I prediot,' continued Mr. Seton, with a f&ugh.; ' Never saw a woman look in a greater rage in my life than when I announced to your Indian widow that you did not intend to caBt up last night.' _ ' What folly,' said Godfrey, uneasily. ' You'll not finA it all folly, my lad, I promise you ! A breach of promise case . is the least you may expeot.' .' Oh ! father, do not say suoh things,' said Olive, looking shyly at her cousin. . ' My dear, it's well to prepare him for . coming events. W ben I said to the widow, (< I am sorry my nephew could not come with us this evening, but he's gone oyer' to visit a young fellow in his'owh regi- jnent who has been down with fever,"; I wish you had seen her face, a Ghe turned red and then pale ; she bit Ifer lips, and I expeoted a regular BcepO/ | ' And what followed ? ' asked Godfrey sharply, and he looked at Nell as he : spoke ; but Nell's eyeB were, oast down; and a slight twitching of her lips alone showed that she had any interest in tho conversation. ' What followed ? ' repeated Mr. Seton. 'Nothing particular just then; but at dinner the lady pub-me under a regular cross-examination regarding your doings and misdoings, Master Godfrey. She asked all sorts of questions about you, and as good as told mo — well, what shall- 1 nay —that you and she were bound to ;enoh Other by some tender tie, or promise, and that I might expect to have her for a nieee as soon us the correct time of mourning for her lato husband had ex pired.' ' This is too had,' said Godfrey, pushing baok his ohair impatiently. I Don't mind my father's chaff, God frey,' now gently suggested Olive. ' He'll not find it chaff, my dear,' re plied Mr. Seton, with another laugh ; ' the lady is very muoh in earnest, I am certain.' j I I don't admire her,' said Olive. , . ' But Godfrey does, or did,' replied Mr. Seton, significantly. Godfrey said nothing ; again he looked at Nell Eraser, and this time she raised her dark gray eyes," and for a moment they met his. Then a sudden blush stole over her faoe, and Godfrey knew that his unole's words' had been very painful to her. , 'Suppose you lpave Mrs. Fanshawe alone for a while, and tell us who were the rest of the party, and what they said and did,' now suggested Godfrey, with affected indifference, helping himself to some toast. 'The Gordons were there,' answered Mr. Seton, ' and Colonel Lee and his daughter. That was the whole party, and your absence struck a chill over our hearts. But how did you find young Hay ward ?'" v ' Rather low,' said Godfrey ; ' I do not think he has pulled himself together as he should have done.' ' And you dined with them ? Did you stay late ?' inquired Mr. Seton. ' Not very,' replied Godfrey. ' And you, Miss FraBer ; you must have had a dull time all to yourself ?' now said Mr. Seton, looking at Nell. ' Oh',"noJ I did very well,' she answered smiling. ' Well, I wish you had gone to lil- bank ; they're really kind people, the Fen-wicks, and Mrs. Fenwick said she would have, been so pleased to see you. But I invited them, and my proposed niece, to dine here on Friday, and so you will meet them again.' Neither Nell nor Godfrey spoke on receiving this intimation. But presently Godfrey rose, and left the room with a frown on his brow, ond after ho was gone Mr. Seton still continued to talk on the subject of the ' Indian widow.' ' Do you know, I do really believe that woman is dead gone on Godfrey,' he said, first looking at Olive, and then at Nell. . ' Ho does not seom to be dead gone on her then,' replied Olive, with a quiek bluBb. 'No; but one can never tell. How ever all the same I hope I shall not have her for my 'niece; somehow I did not care much about her. But, at all events, they are coming on Friday, and I wonder what Godfrey will do.' Gcdfrey in the meantime had lit a oigar, and gone out to consider what ho should do. Ho felt extremely annoyed, for he wus sensitive, and hated . 'that things whioh he deemed sacred should be publioly disoussod. ' How utterly coarse of her,' he thought, angrily, ' and— and what must Nell think?' He had spent a restless night, for an inner consciousness had told him plainly that the' gray-eyed girl he loved was anything but indifferent to him. But it had told him also, as she had looked steadfastly in his face, that there lay some bar between them that she deemed' it was impossible to erosB. ' What can it bo ? ' asked , Godfrey, walking up and down among the shrub beries with uneven steps. Then a not unnatural idea occurred to him. ' Can she he engaged to anyone else ?' he reflected. ' Love anyone else I am sure she does not, but her fine sense of honour may make a bond.a bond to her, however unwelcome it may bo.' And. this thought brought a sting to Godfrey's heart, and a flush tohisoheeks. He remembered at this moment how he was treating an unwelcome bond ; how he waB struggling to be free from it ; how its recollection was galling and hateful to his heart. ' If we are both bound we must shake ourselves free,' presently decided God frey. ' "We love eaoh other — why should we give up the one thing that makes life beautiful or holy, for the sake of . what could only now make it degrading or false?' ' I will tell her the truth, and she will tell me,' continued Godfrey's reflections. ' How noble she looked last night, with her pure soul written in her face — while the other »' and Godfrey moved his head with an impatient gesture of dis gust. . . However, he had made up his mind. He would face the consequences of his early folly, and ask the woman .he loved to forgive" him. Ho went haok into the houe with this fixed determination, but' found he had not the smallest opportunity of speaking alone to Nell during the whole day, and the next day being Friday, he. remembered with horror that Mrs. Fan shawe was going to dine at Northesk. The girls were together all the morn ing, and at . lunch Mr. Setop returned home in a very gloomy mood after Attend ing poor Martin's funeral. There was no chaffing about Indian widoprs at this -meal, and after it was over Mr. Seton proposed a ride to Nell to dis tract his thoughts. '- j ' Let ub ride over to theYioarage and ask the pareon and Ms wife to .dinner to morrow, to meet the people from Lilbank, he suggested, and Nell and Olive agreed to go. , ' Will yon come with us, Godfrey?' now aBkea Mr. Seton. Godfrey did not reply for a moment f and lopked at Nell ; he wondered if be would have any ohanoe of speaking to her . alone if he went. ' ,-! But Nell gave no - answering glahoe. She had promised to tell Godfrey Seton the truth, and yet she shrank from this ; . shrank from speaking words that might part them. '" : : .. V: v '-. ' I ' Yot I auppoae we must part,' thought Noll, and a cold ohilL pang crept into her heart as she did so'." '' ' Olive has something for yoh that eaine last night,' now stud Mr. Seton looking at Nell. .' My. little girl,' he wont on ad dressing Olive, 1 run 'up stairs and spread- out in state the things that you; know of. Miss Eraser will follow you in ten minute'B, so you have plenty of time.' . ! .' 'What is it, Mr. Seton?' ' asked Nell, looking at him , smilingly. , . v .1 ; . ' Wait till you see, '-answered Mr. Seton, also smiling. ' . \- . So Nell waited, and sat talking .to the unole and nephew, until Mr. Seton pro duced hia substantial gold wutoh, and hold it towards Nell, 'Time is up, Miss Eraser,' he "Baid, 'and Olive will be ready for you.' ' Where will I find her,' asked Nell, rising. ' In your room, I expeot,' answered the kindly master of, the house; and Nell accordingly proceeded upstairs,', and went to her own rootn,' and on entering it found, spread out on the bed, a beauti fully-made new blue cloth habit, numer ous, white and other coloured waistcoats, a smart little gold-mounted riding whip, and all other accessories of a complete '.ady's riding dreBB. And near them lay one of Mr. Soton's visiting cards, on which was written, in his own hand writing:— ' ' For Miss Fraser, .' With Compliments and Kind Regards.' ; Nell naturally felt very grateful. 'How kind and good of him,' she thought,' with sparkling eyes ; 'and when I vexed him so, too, at the in quest.' But if .the truth be told Olive's tailor had' received tho order for Miss Eraser's habit before the inqucBt, and the kindly Bquire had nover thought of. counter manding it. Nell had annoyed him very muoh, but he bore no malice, and it pleased him to think that the pretty girl under his roof Bhould have a handsome new liabit, and he was not unwilling thut 'she should wear it for tbe first time when going on a visit to Mrs. Jordan. Nell looked over all her smart things, and then ran along the corridor to Olive's room to thank her for her father's present. She rapped lightly at the door, but receiving no answer, and as it was partly ajar, she pushed it slightly open. Olive was standing at the open win dow, and her lips were pressed against a photograph which she held in her hand. She was so enrapt thut she never heard Nell's entrance ; never looked round. She stood there with her fair faoe laid on the picture that she held, and again and again she pressed it to her lips. Nell also for a moment stood silent, and then, feeling that she had no right to witneBB what was not intended for her eyes, she spoke ' Olive! ' she said, Boftly. Olive started and glanced quiokly back wards, and in that moment Nell saw whose photograph was in Olive's hand before Bhe had time rapidly to. place it in the jewel case on her toilet table. It was .Godfrey Seton's ; Godfrey in uniform, on whose pictured faoe his fair young cousin had just laid her rosy lips. The two girls both ; looked and felt oonsoious, but Nell tried to hide this. lo BB CONTINUED TO-MOBBOW. 