IHAPTER XXvIIT. Hugh Thornyoroft duty paid his few visits to Paradise Place and the like, and than walked home to dinner. Ho did not remain in Rhoda's neat drawing-room long, for he knew he was but an unwelcome third to his sist'r and her lover. HLa wont to his don, throw open the long window, from which a ftw steps led down to the tangled stretch of lawn beonath, took his book and lighted his cigar, and was soon absorbed. But not absorbed in his hook. Sweet shadowy shapes flitted about him in tihe soft gloom, touched him with Magdalen's hands, louoked at him with Magdalen's eyes. He did only what he ,had always done of late when he was thus alone, in letting the unm heeded volume fall and abandoning himself utterly to"the luxury- of. thinking of her. He had been cruelly blind to the love of the woman who was nothing to him; he was keenly alive to its faintest sign in the one he adored --tliis day was not the first one on: which he had dared to say to himself, 'She loves me !' To repeat it was not conducive to patience ; to know that was to long' to know' more. He would know it l The next time fortune favored him' arid ha fdilnd himself alone with .Magdalen he would speak. Unless some thing as yet unforeseen happened' he" vould say his say on the morrow. He started up with the .words-roused, by the shrill volley of barks from Fox, and turned and: saw a black figure which still further darkened the long wide-open window, and in doing so recognised it. ' Varley,' he said aloud and sharply' in surprise.' 'My dear fellow, you came steal ing in upon me like a ghost.' As he held out his hand, with' a warm word or two of welcome, the other took it, entered the room and sat down. He had not spoken even a word. There was light enough for him to be dimly seen, and in the gray twilight his face was so 'ghastly that Thornycroft uttered an exclamation. ' You are ill, Walter 1' he said, in genuine concern. ? You should pay more, heed to what I say to you, and take decent. care.:of yourself.' ' I am not ill,' said the other faintly. *Not ill? You?are 'fit to drop, man. Drink this.' Varley took'the glass of wine, bitt'did not drink it. 'I am not ill,' he repeated. 'Sit-sit down and don't notice me for a minute, Hugh. Let me think.'. Varley. soon broke the silence. ' Thornycroft, I must speak to you. For weeks I have sren the day coming when it must he done, but I was a coward and shrank from doing it. It is no?? courage that' braces me now, it is desperation.' Wonderingly Thornycroft took the out stretched hand. ' My dear Varley, I don't understand.you; but if there is anything you wish to tell me, you know, I shall esteem and respect your conlfidence. Pray speak quite freely. Wait first; we are nearly in darkness. Let me light this lamp.' 'Never mind the light, I can speak best in darkness. Bear with me while I do it; bear with me afterwards. Say that, so far as you can, you will do that.' 'Bear with you ?' Thornycroft echoed. ' My dear follow, why rshould I not ?' ' You will know in a nmoent whatl mean and why' I ask your forbearance. Hugh, before I speak, believe that I love you. My friend, you saved my life, you gave me back the means of existence. You would have given me happiness if you could, and all my gratitude and all my thanks are yours. There was a time when I almost hated you but that is over-on my soul, it is over I Had I not owed you so nmuch, had I cared for you less, I might have let it go on to its fatal end and ruin you I' He had spoken with a concentrated earnestness far .mnore impressive, than any vehemenice of gesture and tone. With the last words his low voice had died away in a whisper. 'Its fatal end 7' Thornycroft echoed, ' Ruin me ? You must speak out, Varloy. In the fewest words, what do you mean V' The other stretched out his hand again and gripped lugh's wrist. In the gloom his black eyes were unnaturally bright; in the silence his voice sounded metallically cold and clear. (lo hae ontinued.). 