OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) The tariff debate in committee is drawing to its close, results being still steadily in favour of the reformers. The most important reduction Since my last notice is that which affects the sugar refinery. Hitherto raw sugar has paid a duty of £5 per ton, and re- ined sugar £6, thanksgiving the Victorian refiner v bonus of £1 per ton. Under this arrange sent one company-the Colonial Sugar Refining Corban been drawing at the rate of £35 600 per annum, while the wages sheet only shows an expenditure of £32,000 a year. This means that the State was paid the wages of all its hands, and given it a dear bonus of £3,000 per annum for kindly consenting to let it pay its employees. The company has thus drawn over a quarter of a million sterling. No wonder, therefore, test it can show an annual profit of £97,000, with accumulated profits to the extent of £411,000, and pay 10 per cent, dividends to shareholders, principally dwelling out of Victoria. The illustrious Captain Wragge, immortalised by Wilkie Collins no relation, I hope, to 5 our distinguished Mount Wellington Observatory founder was went to observe that no field paid so liberally for cultivation as the field of human gullibility How his philosophic soul would have revelled in the rich pasturage of the Vic to Ian protective paddock " The settled policy " would have suited him to a day and in a perfect ecstacy of appreciative contentment he would have joined the Chairman of the Sugar Company in chant- ing the creed of the pious protectionist, sa suggested by James Russell Lowell : - In short I firmly do believe In humbug generally, For is a thing that I perceive To have a solid vally : This hath my faithful Klicphcrd been, But the victim is losing his verdancy, and by increasing the rate on raw sugar to £5 15s. per ton the refining bonus was reduced to 8s. per ton. The effect is a peculiar one. The public still pays as before, but it pays into the general revenue instead of into the company's coffers, and the increase in the raw rate is held to be a good thing in the interest of that other gigantic fraud fore doomed to failure, the attempt to develop a Victorian beet-sugar industry. The candle people made a big fight against the reduction of the duty on stearine from 2d. to 11d., and the reformers tried hard to bring it down to Id , but both were unsuccessful. The Tariff Board had recommended the reduction to 9d., but the Government, fearing the Labour Corner, proposed the lid., and carried its point. Reductions followed in timber, whips, woodenware, and conveyances, and now we are promised a grand fight at the report stage to try and undo the work that has been done. The Old Guard, with Mr. Trenwith in the lead, will then make its last stand, and either reverse the decisions arrived at. or run the risk of bursting its (boiler in the attempt. After tariff revision we are to have a lively railway debate, and some attempt will be made to staunch the great financial flux from which this colony has so long suffered. How serious this really is appears from the following recurring deficits : 1889-90, £617,740; 1890-91, £522 769; 1891-92, £420,4*21 ; 189293, 2377 (177 ; 1893-94, £413,342; 1894-95, £421,775; total for six years, £2,773 924. The accrued , letters in the national account amounts to £3,190,775, so that if the railway line were deleted the remainder would be inconsiderable. Again, the deficiency for the year last past, according to the Treasurer's Budget Speech, is set down at £115,000, re double to nil on certain contingencies. Set this against the £421,775 railway deficit for last year, and it will be seen that but for this Peak we should have had a surplus of over £300,000. The Government is anxious to deal with this state of affairs, therefore it is hurrying up the Railway Inquiry Board to make a report, and when it is made we may expect a lively debate. It is all very well to blame Coming. alone, from Mr. Speight downwards, for neglecting to make the railway pay, but what is the use of telling men that the lines must be worked uncommercial principles, and then denying them the chance of so working. One instance will illustrate the whole case. To develop the Gippsland coalfields the Government directed that the coal should be carried at d. per ton, though the re- ap marble officers of the Railway Department reported that it would mean a yearly loss of £14,000, and that it could not be carried at less cost to the State than jd. Mtili the fiat was, "Carry it at 4d. per ton," and while the Government purchased the greater portion of the output, is recouped the railways the £14,000 annual loss on carriage. The arrangement has enabled one company -the Coal Creek Co. to pay fat dividends, largely exceeding its invested capital, while the development of the mine, which was supposed to represent an off-set by way of public advantage for the £14,000, Kathleen of a most perfunctory character, Now Mr. Turner has intimated that he no longer intends to recoup the department its £14,000 annual loss on haulage, while at the same time he directs that there shall be no increase in the rate of carriage, Mr. Turner says On examining the item I found the Railway Department can carry the coal without any loss at the present price." At the same time he has the report of the railway officials to the contrary. Yet while they are subject to this direction to carry at what they declare to be a loss that will, they assert, this year amount to £17,000, they are told to work the system on com mercial principles. Now you can make bricks without straw, but you positively cannot make a profit, or even a balance, out of a loss, and while this mixing and meddling continues it is not wonderful that the Victorian Railways are costing the colony about half a million annually and plunging it up to its neck in debt. Apropos of railways we have not yet heard the last of the Allison Smith v. Syme suit. In reporting the finding of the jury for the plaintiff on four important issues, upon which they awarded him damages to the amount of a farthing euch, I mentioned the strong phase of public feeling that holds him herein to be a very ill-used man. In making the order as to costs namely that they should follow the verdict going for the plaintiff on these 4 counts, and for the defendant on the 21 upon which he had succeeded - the Chief Justice spoke strongly as to the damages awarded. He declared himself unable to understand the reasoning by which the jury had been gained, since the points were material and the falsity of the statements beyond question. He therefore gave it to be clearly understood that he did not think justice had been done in these particulars. The plaintiff evidently is of the same opinion, and he has lodged notice of application to the Full Court for a new trial, on the grounds that the findings were against the weight of evidence and inconsistent, and that the damages awarded were insufficient. We are in the midst of considerable excitement just now over the vagaries of a certain high-pressure idiot, who has taken to play ghost, and has frightened a lot of people out of their lives-. It seems', indeed, more than doubtful if there are not more than one at the game, since the appearances " are reported from several of the suburbs, Elsternwick, Balaclava, East Brighton, Toorak, Caulfield, and Collingwood. The ghost, according to the re put of those who have been at, it a very , poor pantomimic shred and shoddy sort of AU apparition I a man who has added to his stature till he is anything from Oft. 6in. to 8ft. high, wearing a big overcoat, which, on meeting his victim, the throws open, disclosing a coffin with raw head and bloody bones sketched in phosphorus or some other luminous medium on his body, with the legend, " Prepare to meet thy doom I " His features are also touched up with the lightning paint, and he is, of course, creditor! with Springfield Jack's mechanic aids to agility. 'his bat the eye of childhood fears a pirated devil," says Lady Macbeth, and certainly, if a man could get his hands on this miscreant masquerader bisghostship might fare badly. But women are of more sensitive and im- pressionable mould, and as the scoundrel choses children and women, generally solitaries in lonely places, to practice on, he has done a considerable amount of harm. One little II boy is said to have been frightened into Dinley, and one woman, who might soon have been a joyful mother, is lying at the point of death In another case at Balaclava the scoundrel had the audacity to enter a house where two little boys had been left to take care of each other. One screamed with terror, but the other seized the poker, which happened to be in the fire and red hot, and bravely went for the ghost, who hastily decamped, leaping over the yard fence and leaving behind him marks of it is ' visit, which clearly proven the author the tale told by the boy. Should this villain be caught it would be a thousand pities to give him in charge, or to trouble the courts about him. Nothing would do him so much good as to treat him as the Carthaginians { teamed Regulas, cut off his eyebrows, 'expose him to the sun's blame for several days, then head him up in a barrel, drive spikes through it and send it Collins from a hilltop If too much honour would thus be paid such a miscreant by letting him do tim mine death as a brave man and a high souled patriot, he might he treated a bit more leniently, say fly him alive, rub salt into him and then spread-eagle him on top of an anthill. This is not the first time this foolery has been played here with terrible effect for those affrighted. Some three or four years at the same localities as those first mentioned were similarly " haunted," and one woman lost her reason from the shock was fined. No arrest was made, though not a few of the residents devoted themselves to the search with shot guns, and the invulnerability of the ghostly carcase would certainly have been tested had they got it within range. Perhaps this accounted for the fact that the ghost was exercised, or I laid for a time ; but it seems that nothing I short of a capture and incarceration will fully meet the case, and that to be permanently "laid the ghost must he .' laid by the heels." I remember one 0983 in which this was fully effective, that of the Castlemaine ghost, away back in the sixties. He had been sighted and chased several times, but at last was run to earth in the workings on Winter's Flat, near Campbell's Creek, and the list of the articles found in the cache of this petty larcenous spook filled two columns of the Mount Alexander Mail. That ghost revisited no more the glimpses of the moon, and the simple of the sun fell on it only as a cou a riot doing a long term of " hard." We have completed the severance from Four late Governor, Lord Hopetoun, or I rather his lordship has completed the severance from us, and the chapter is closed.- When he left his term still had six months to run, and it was arranged that he should draw only half his salary,, Sir John Madden drawing the other half to the end of the term, and, meanwhile, forgoing his salary as Chief Justice. When Lord Hopetoun accepted office as Paymaster General, under the new Imperial Government, he notified that he would no longer draw his Victorian screw. Whereupon Premier Turner cabled to know if this meant resigning the governorship, and his lordship has replied that he ceased to be the Governor of Victoria on the 10th inst. Another intimation the Premier has recently received is to the effect that the new bronze coins to issue from the Royal Mint, " will drop the old Victoria D. G. Britt. F.D.," and will be fully inscribed Victoria Dei Gra., Britt. Fid. Def" Ind. Imp." This last addition splendidly proves how Shakespeare wrote not for an age but for all time, and admirably clears up the meaning of that line in Henry IV., placing in themouthofanoient Pistol the salu- tation to the newly>8uccceded Prince Hal : " The Heavens thee guard and keep most royal imp of fame, As for the rest it amusingly recalls a quotation from a tragedy founded upon the events of King Alfred's reign, and introducing that most veracious historic incident about the burnt cakes. The woodman's wife is giving his disguised Majesty the rough side of her tongue for neglecting his culinary duties when the British chiefs enter and salute him with the reverence due to royalty. Surprised, and not a little apprehensive, the dame and her goodman inquire who it is they have sheltered, and the King, taking the stage in true melo-dramatic fashion right down to the footlights, exclaims in a voice of thunder, I 6 Who am I ! By Our Lady, now I'll scare 'em. I'm Alfred, Dei Oral. Ilex Britanniarum. Returning to coin in another sense, our last month's revenue shows a good advance upon that for the corresponding month of 1894\. The overplus amounts to £17,608, of which £6 473 is income tax, so that the real advance is over £11,000. At the annual meeting of the V.R.C., held on Monday, a vote in favour of the totalisator was carried by an overwhelming majority. By the way, the prosecution of Mr. Dean for maltreating Cerberus in the Grand National failed, and the accused was discharged ; a sympathetic bench declining to accept the evidence of those who examined the horse when he came in and after the race, and taking non-expert testimony as to the state of the animal at a latter date. Moral : When you score a horse from shoulder to flank, and bring it in streaming with blood, always have a few friends ready to swear that the whole appearance is an optical illusion. 