'Some Lessons from the Life of the Late Governor.' SERMON BY Rev. R. DYSON. Last evening the Rev. R. Dyson preached in the William-street Wesleyan Church, a sermon on the above subject. The church was crowded, and the con gregation listened attentively to the rev. gentleman's remarks. During the evening the choir, which was assisted by an or chestra, sang two anthems. The tmpres siveness of the service was greatly enhanced by the rendition by the choir of 'The Dead March in Saul,' and also by the pulpit being draped in black. At the con clusion of the service a verse of the National Anthem was sung, the congrega tion heartily joining in the singing. Mr. Dyson took his text from Job xiv., 10th : ' But man dieth and wasteth away,: yea, man giveth up the ghost, and where is he ?' He said: Two great facts are everywhere apparent — life and death. Nature presents to us this fact. Wherever we turn ,we see life — the grass, flowers, trees/tue infinite variety and number of insects, the reptiles, the birds and animals all evidence life ; and we see death — the earth we tread is com posed of the remains of what once were living creatures ; the coal that burns on our hearths, that produces the steam that drives our, engines, was once the vegetation that covered our planot ; the very rocks, from which we hew the stones our. houses aro built ' of, are the remains of living creatures. Matt is no stranger to this law whioh seems to run through Nature. ' He dietb aud wasteth awa - : he giveth up the ghost, and where is ho ?' ' The men of genius, ofindelutigeble industry, inventors, scientists, the benefaotora and saviours of humanity, have died and passed away, and the, men into whose handB God has put the sceptre, whom he has appointed to rule, have in their tarn died. Death has claimed the highont in our midst. He obeyed as implioitly as the meanest, and where is he ? He has gone, wo bolieve and we hope, to the paradise of God; bat he has left a record of his life's work that oan never be obliterated, that re mains to influence succeeding generations. Can we learn any lessons from tho life of the illustrious man whose career has thus sud denly closed? I need offer no apology for pointing out the lessons which tho life of that irroat bublic man is calculated to teach. The late Governor was not a genius. He was not one of those highly gifted men who excel in everything and whose names remain in the history of the world for ever, and hence the lessons we may draw from his life are more helpful to us, ordinary every-day men aad women as we are. He was born in 1885, and entered the navy in 1848 ; thus when bo wai only 13 years of age be commenoed tho active business of life. Ho was faithful in the dischnrgo of his dutieB, for after 16 years of faithful service he attained tbe rank of commander. He then retired from the navy. ' He always retained his interest in marine aflftirs. From his place in Parlia ment he was ajcritic of the Admiralty, and it was a source ot satisfaction to him when be was asked -n join the Board of the Admiralty. On his retirement from the navy he entered the British Parliament as member for Banffshire and retained 'his seat lor a period of 32 years, discharging faith fully his' duties, and winning the regard of some of England's greatest statesmen. He was afterwards raised to the rank of Privy Counsellor, and on the resignation of Lord Jersey was appointed Governor of this colony, and reoeived the honor of knighthood. In Parliament he was indefatigable in his exer tions to serve his party, and though not a frequent speaker he was diligent in his attendance on committees. Diligence also distinguished him in the management of his estates. He improved his estate* in Scot land, and when farms were unlet ho took then into his own management and became a successful agriculturist. Thus tbe life of oar late governor was an example 01 aiugence and industry. Let me oounsel the young people here to be dilijront. By being always profitably employed, afford yourselves no time for wrong-doiag. Our late Governor was a man of principle and, no timo-servor. Thil appeared when he offered resistance to Mr. Gladstone's Reform Bill of 1866, but sup ported him in his Home Rome Bill even though many ol bis friends were Unionists ; and also when he resisted the attempt on the part of the Premier of this colony to make a number of appointments to tbe Upper House, believing those appointment to be wrong:. We are told - that Sir Robert Duff was popular with his tenants and neighbors, and the fact -hat he retained hie spat in Parlia ment for over 30 years shows this. He was a reserved, self-contained man, one whom men required to know in .order to become Attached' to. His' tenure ' of the office of Governor wan too short for him to have secured that hold npon the afFootions of the people of the colony which doubtless be would have done had he been spared. From what we read we are led to think of him as a dovout man, diligent in worship in the oliurch to whioh he belonged ; and doubt less this was the foundation of tho excellency of his . cbaraoter. His name will live in the annala of New South Wales us uuo wuu uiii uin uuiy iHimiuuy uurin^ iiu* time he was permitted to occupy tbe position of its Governor. One thing that this event has discovered is the sympathy whioh binds all classes of the community together in the presence of a great sorrow, and I urn sure an a cougreffation we deeply sympathise wi«h the noble lady who has so bravely borne so (rreat a sorrow, and our prayers ascend to Him who in the Husband of tho Wi ow and the Father of the Fatherless that Ho will be a friend and helper in this her time of need. Sir Robert Duff was born only two years befora Queen Victoria ascended' the throne, and his public life has been spent in her service. Although we would imitate David aud say ' O I Queon live for nver,' yet we know it caunot be. From tho Qupen who site on England's throne wn turn to O'» who wits in light unapproachable, tbe LorH Jesus Christ. AH othnr rulers anil ornver norn, oven the most spotless, are sinful and guilty man bosidn him. When He first oame Up wn« roject.'d and crucified, but in every age since His dominion has extended, and His name shall stand for ever as a name of love. 