THE Melbourne Gup. Australia's Easing Carnival. A BRILLIANT GATHERING. Enormous Attendance. Auraria Wins. Defeat of the Favorites. Another Outsider Wins. Details of the Race. in Exciting Finish. The Scene at Flemington. FULL DESCRIPTION. ST TELKGRArn.j rnou otm special bf.prerentative.) Melbourne, Novombor 5. . Tho great roco of the yoar wok run this mftcrnoou with tho following result Melbourne Gup— 2 Miles. rA handicap swoops takes of 26 sovs. each, 6 ft., or 2 sovs. only if declared boforo 6th Angusr, witn oouu sovs. addcu. second v hone to rocoivo 600 ntid tlio third 250 sovs. out of tho stako. After- tho declaration of i -tho weights for this race, tlio wiunor of any handioap fiat raco of thu value of 60 sovs. to. carry Slbs. extra; of 100 sovs., 61bn. extra; of 200 sovs, 71l>.s, oxtra; of 600 sovs.' or upwards, lOlbs. oxtra ; provided that tlio winner of tho A..T.C. orV.R.O. Derby of 1895 shall carry in this raco not less than weight for ago (7st. Oiks, for oolts nod 7st. lib. for marcs) (149 sub9.) D. James br.f. AURARIA, by Troutou — Aura, 3yrs, 7«t 41b (J, Stovccsou) 1 (Bluo, yellow sluovcs, red cap) Jk, Davios' b.h, HOVA, by Ingomar— Happy Land, 6yrs, 8st 101b — (Ja». Hayos) 2 (Black, white alecvoj, blank and whlto cap) J. Rodfearn's b.g. BURRABARI, by Robinson's Crusoe — Eileen, 4yra, 7st 81b ... (S. Thomas) 3 (Bluo and blaok hoops) H, Oxenbam's br.o. AVATE RFALL, by Niagara — Littlo Wanzcr, 3yrs, J7«t 10lb (AV. Dnlauoy) 4 (Violet and gold stripes, vlolot cap) 8, G. Cook's b.b. Tlio Admiral, by Rich mond— Footstep, aged, 0st 61b (Holmes) 0 (Maroon, maroon and silvor cap) J Fatorson's b. brh Devon, by Musk Rose— Tho AVost, Gyre, 8st 18lh, . . . . . » . . , (Darby) 0 (Urooo, groon and yoilow cap) W R. Hall's br h Delaware, by Trenton — Qoncsla, 6jts, 8nt 121b (Parker) 0 (Blue, blaok and gold sash and cap) J Wibou, jun.'s, b m Quiver, by Tren ton—Tremulous, 4yrs, 8st 121b .. .. .. (Dawes) 0 (Slack, brown slcovos atd cup) . B. Chlrasido'a br li ElswLk, by Nordon- fclt— Albatross, Oyrs, gst- 101b ... .. .. ..(Auwin) 0 (Ceriso, Fronch grey slcoves and ccriso cap) ' TV. A, Gardiuer's b h Tronohant, by Trenton— Bridesmaid, 6yrs, 8st 81b .. (Gougb) 0 (Gold, pnrplo slcovos, purplo and gold cap) 3L Slate's b h Mabod, by Martini-Henry —Tamarisk, 6yrs, 8st 7lb (Ellis) 0 (Hcliotrnpo, blaok slccvos and cap) S, Miller's br h Preston, .by Robinson . Crnsoo— Bluo Eyos, 4yrs, bat 71b . , , « . , . (Ponraon) 0 (Rod, rod and whito sloovcs and cap) J, D. Lewie's b h Bruin, by Nookorsgat —Urmia. 6yni, 8st'61b (Sunders) 0 (Oh'ooolato, gold slooves) Bailey ond -Orr's br h Dreamland, by TVentou— Nightmare, 4yrs, 8st 61b ' (Orr) 0 (Black, rod sash, whlto oap)' W. A. Long's eh g Hopicotch, by Grand Flunour— Terara (imp), 6yrs, fist « (Ettridgo) 0 (White, black sleovea and eup) Nooki's and Bronnau'a chh Tho Trior, by Tridint— Ladybird, 6yrs, +8«t6lb .. . . . . ,, (Williams) 0 (Grconaadwhlto hoops, eoarluteloovos and cap) J. B. Olark'a br li Chestorinan, by Chos- tor— Epiaodo, 4yrs, 8st 4lb (Luckinan) 0 . (Brown, pink slcoves) W. Kelso's br g Newman, by Now- miaster, aged, 8st 31b (D. Cook) 0 (Ceiiio, blaok slaovos and cap) K, G. Talbot's br h Musio, by Mozart— Quoen, 6yrs, 8st ,, (Stanbiogs 0 i Claret, Eton bluo sleovos, scarlet cap) i. AVost's b h Tarunakl, by Albury Axiom, Oyrs, 8t , , (Gallughor) 0 (Black, bluo .usli, blaok and bluo cap) J, Oarr's b m Mouastory, by tho English man— Gonvont, 4yra, 7st 121b (Hodgkis) 0 (Blaok and whlto stripes, blaok cap) O, Qnltm's b g Kirkby, by Ncokersgat— Lady Lovolaco, Oyrs, 7st 12lb ,, ' (Gardiner) 0 (Cream, bluo slooves) TV. R. Wilson's oh o Wallace, by Car- bine— Motodiuns, 6yrs, 7st 01b , , (Morrison) 0 (Whlto, eurdlnal seams and cap) M. Carmody'a br li Stralian, by Musk Boss— Claudia, Oyrs, 7st 4lb ,, (Brown) 0 (Bod and blaok hoops, blaok cap) G,' Davis' oh h DuhaHow, by 8h-ot Anchor— Juunita, 4yro., 7st. 21b , . . , , (Shaw) 0 (Brown, roso cap) J. Monaghan's b o Valiant, by Antrcus— Vio, Sytw, 7st lib , . , . (Cox) 0 (French grey, cerise cap) M. Moron's b li Taurus, by Hamlet — Maid of tho Mount, aged, 7st (Shrimptoa) 0 (Black, red sleovos and cap) W. Goo Hollow's br orbk h Lord Rieli- moud, by Riohmond — Gratitudo. 4yrs gOst 131b (Willis) 0 (Blaok, white spots, red cap) F. W. Pnrches' brh Palo Alto, by Robin son Crusoo— Maid of Avonol, Oyrs, Ost 121b (Thompson) 0 (Black, red seams and cap) D. A. M'Leod'a br o Oreulator, by Hotoli- kiss— Pungaworawora, 3yrs, Ost 101b (Harris) 0 (Black, tartan slcoves and cap) Baflov and Orr's eh o Onward, by Gnng Forward— Haldeo, 3yrs, Ost 9lb (Lewis) - 0 (Slack, rod rash, whito oap) M'Swceno)''s br o Rowi, by Robinson Crusoe— Pilgrimage, 3yrs, Ost 9lb ' (ILCook) 0 (Black and white stupes) 8 Hordcrn's oh.?. Toreador, by Chester or Abcrcorn— 1 Tempo, 3yrs, Ost 81b (Cleal) 0 (Whlto, bluo spots) J, M'Sweenoy's br o To Whiti, by Miilua —Fortune Teller, 3yrs, Ost 81b ' ... (Redfern) 0 (Blaok nud white stripes) 0\. C. AC'Culloch's b o Callum Mohr, by M'Callum Mohr— Primavera, 3yrs, Ost 7lb (Coopor) 0 (Straw, bluo slcoves, straw and bluo cap) F. Fountain's b o Lead On, by Dunlop — Fro groove, 3yrs, 6st 71b (Power) 0 (White, red and bluo stars, bluo cap) t Includiug 101b. penalty t Inoludiog 71b. penalty. Including 6lb. ponolty. £ Including 3lb. uonalty. Tlio racing ovent of tho yeor is over, another Melbourno Cup has beon added to tho record, and Auraria's narao is inscribod on tho roll of Cup winners. For tbo first time for nineteen y<£ra a mare has secured first place in tho Cap. ' Auraria has broken tho long spell of bod luck tliut bus attended hor sex in the big race. Out of 35 Cups eha Is the second mare to win, and on her form to-day she certainly should have done what tho only other filly that over won tho race did in 1876, and that is win tho double. But Auraria's win to-day was a finer perfohn- anco than thnt of tho daughtor of Tim Whifllor ntid Musidora, Brisois ouly carried Gst. 4lbs., but to-day tho minimum weight in tho Cup handicap is Ost. 71bs,, and Auraria carried 7s. 4lbs, or 31bs. more than her weight for ago. On tho woight for ago scnle only one horso carried more weight than Auraria in tho Cup to-day. That solitary excoption woa the Caulfiold Cup winner Waterfall, who with his penalty up, was con ceding Auraria lib, On tho samo w.f.a. scalo that other daughtor of Trenton, Quiver, carried oxactly tho name weight as Auraria. But to nil tho others sho oonneded weight on tho w.f.a. scale, which may bo said to bo tho fairest test. She gavo AVnlloco 3lbs , Hova lOlbs., Burrabnri 23lhi., and Palo Alto as much as 381bs., whioh speaks volumes for her performance to-day. And tho more it Is annlyscd tho more wondorful It is. Sho was a rank outsider. Aftor Saturday's display, when sho failed to stay in tho Derby, no one, outside thostahlo, would give her u show in tho Cup. Osculntor beat hor very easily in tho Derby, and to-day ho was mooting her on 13lbs. bottor torma, ou tho handicaps as well as tbo woight-far-ngo senlo. On tho handi cap scalo ho gavo htor ulba. in tho Derby, and sho was giving him 8lbs. in tho Cup, and on tho w.f.a. scalo thoy mot at equal weights' in tho Derby, and sho was giving him 13lb. in tho Cup. So tbut an paper Oscillator held hor safo. So did Wallace, so did Hova, so did hnlf tho horses in tho raco on hor Derby form. But John Hill, hor traiuor, 'would not havo it that' tho Derby was her real form. Before sho camo over from Adoluide sho showed him too good a gallop for that. Remnrkublo to rchito her failure In tha Derby, although disappointing to both her owucr and trainor, who mado sure of tho " double " did not shako Sir. James's or John Hill's confidence in tho daughtor of Aura. As a matter of fact they were more certain of tho Cup than tho Derby. A fortnight ago Mr. James remurked to a well-known Adelaido Pressman, "1 beliovo Auraria will win tlio doublo. Sho is good enough, hit if the miws the Derby the will jiitt about win the Cup. Her forteis slaying." This statement was published over a week ago, and when tlio "knowing ones" read it they smiled and muttered: " Another owucr 'dead shook' on ' unother moral ' — tho old, old story." But this timo tho morul camo off. As I havo said aftor Auraria's disgraco on Saturday tho stable did not lose confidence In her. John IliU remarked on Suturdny afternoon " tho paco was not fust enough for tho maro, 'and tho track was us liurd as iron. With a nico shower of rain to-inorrow or Monday, atid a good stiff paco for the raco ou Tuesday die will got homo in tho Cup." And so sho did. John Hill got tho "shower of rain," and he got tho "good stiff paao," and— Auraria wou. Once more tho warmest of favorites was boutoo, and tho invariable outsider galloppcd homo. In many respects tho result was a Himilur repeti tion of last year's race. Then Patron was ono of tho early fauuio for tlio raco, but ho went off. Uu tho previous Saturday's running with Ruonalf in tho/ Stakes bo had not tho ghost of a show in tho Cup, uud ho wont out ut 33 to 1. But though ho was a rank outsider the pleasing feature about it was that tho best horse in tho raco won. Futroa was tho very lest horso in tho raco last year. Bo it was to-day. Auraria for somo months back was fancied not only for the Cup, but the Derby. -Then on her Saturday's rumiiog sbo hud uot tho ghost of a show with Osculutor, Wallace or Hova. Sho started at oxuetly tho samo price as Patron, 33 to 1, and if sho did not win quite so easily, sho ran it in quicker time, and proved herself, liko him, tho lext horso in the raco. When an outsider happens to win, and is not tho lext horso in tbo raco liko Glenloth or Turcootn, tlio public may well bo disap pointed, but whon outsiders liko Patron and Auraria win, with no advantage In tho weights— on tho oontrary with a disadvan tage, thoy prove themselves tbo best horses. In this respect this yoar's Cup and lust ycur's havo tho advantugo of tho two preceding Cups, and tlio ono to-day particularly so. Last year it was a fine raco and a grand finish, but tho contest to-day was ono of tho finest over scon for the raco. It was worthy of tho traditions of tho Cup, and tbo finish was tlio closest seen elnco Sheet Anchor's year (1886) when Sheet Anchor beat Gruco Darling by tbo shortest of heads, whilo Auraria's sire (Trenton) was a bead behind. That finish was so close that Graco Darling's napio was flashed to somo of tho other colonics as tlio winner, whilo many swore Trenton bad got homo, I do not know if any wired Hova's name to-day, but I do not think there could be any dispute about Auraria'a win. Tho magnificent finish to-day will bo romomborcd as long as at Flemington and Randwiok "Tlio hoof -thunder is blended With the whistling and crooking of whips." The morning did not break too promising, and it looked us if tho rain that had boen threatening for tho past fow days had Rot in. "Another wet day; another Glenloth," murmured somo of tho curly risers. A light drizzlo was falling about sunrise, whioh in creased subsequently in violenco, but it was only a shower. It cleared slightly, und then came another shower, but aficr breakfast it cleared, and the sun shilling out made matters very pleasant. The alight rain did good instead of harm. It benefitted tlio hard tracks. After that the weather was splondid, and a more superb Cap day could not bo wished for. It was not too worm, and was a far pleasanter day than Saturday was, The I attendance was extremely largo ; in my I opinion it was larger than lost ye- nr. It is I always difficult to computo tho Cup nttoud- anco now-a-days. At tho first Melbourno Cup, 84 years ago, whon Arohor cantered in, ntid tho stakes were worth oxnatly £010, there was an attendance of 4000. In 1890, wliou Wallace's sire, the great Carbine won, and tbo stakes wore valued at £10,230 the attondnnco wb put down nt 146,000. Sinco then tho nttondnnce may bo es timated nt anything botwoon 100,000 and 160,000. Boforo tho first raco started to-day there must havo been ovor 70.000 porsons in tho grounds, and by 3 p.m. tho number had increased to oonsidorably ovor 100,000. 1 am iuolinod to think that it was tho largest attendance sinoo Carbine's year, and that says a great deal Molbourno was oomplotoly dosortcd, tho wholo city having given Itsolf up to tho national holiday. Tlio Flat was ono mass of humanity, seething or it were in a vast cauldron of excitement. Tho Hill was thronged with a tremendous crowd, a speciality of whiuh wnspic-uio parlies and family parties. Tho paddock was well filled by an excited throng. Tlio scono on tho Grand Stand, thoothor stauds, and tho Lawn, was a brilliaut ono, ft veritublo "study in colors." The Grand Stand presented a mass of colonng that has not been equalled in recent yours, and iu which all tho lutost aud uowest shades appeared to bo blondcd. Tho scono on tho Grand Stand and Lawn was scarcely surpassed in tho "boom days" of what was then known as Marvellous' Mel bourne." Long boforo tho first raco started tho Grand Stand was crowded to excess, among tho ocoup&nts; being hundreds upon hundreds of visitors from Queensland, New South Wales, Now Zonltuid, Tasmania, South Australia, and Western Australia There, witli their bright plumage glistening in tlio sunlight were tho elite, tho cranc-de.lti'crcmc of Australian society. A feature of tho Cup costumes this year woro tho startling tones of color, which liavo recently como into fashion ho much in " tho old countreo." Never havo such more violent contrasts in colors bcou seen on tho Grand Stand or Lawn nt Flemington than to-day. It mado thooyo ncho to glanco up at tlio packed stand, and to look ut tho lawn was to iako in nt a glanco moving spooks of every color of (ho rainbow. " Why a kaleldoscopo is not In it" murmured a friend of mine, and ho was right. Tlio effort en masxe was decidedly startling. What murvollous triumphs of tho millinery and dressmaking arts woro to bo seen. It used to bo oustomaryin tho "boom days" on Cup day: when pointing to some well-known fusliionabto beauty, costumed in " a triumph, all tho way from Paris," to jocularly remark, "thut dress is worth a great doal." But though tho great man-milliner is no more, and tho " boom days " aro as dead as ho is, there were dresses there to-day that wore not surpassed in 1890, and thoso as "a study in colour " oxcollod all former years. It was quito a relief to como across a gown all in ono, or two, quiet tonos of oolor, but such gowns wore as "ungol visits." Still tho colors woro very muoh artistically inter- miugled. Somo, of course, were hideous, but they only sot off to bettor udvantago thoso that wore not so. Tbo Government House party were in strong evidence. His Excel lency tho Governor, Lord Brossoy, accom panied by Lady Brossoy, Roar-Admiral Bridge, tbo Hon. Mrs. Freeman Thomas, Lady Maud Warrondcr, Misj Darloy, the Earl of ShnResbury, Lord Arthur Novfilo, Mr. Freeman Thomas, Mr. Hunncn, Captain WaUington, and Mr. Hopkins, R.A., arrived on tho course shortly before tho first raco and remained tliero during the afternoon. Familiar faces from all tho colonics were visible on tho Stands, tho Lawn, and in tho Pnddook. Wherever you turned "under tlio elms " old racing celebrities were to be met' with. I missed two or thrco of "tho old familiar faces," but tho majority woro there, somo of them looking as ttpruco ns they did 20 years ago, und "fighting their battles over again" in the manner pcouliar to Cup veterans. Several luncheon and tea parties were given, These at freteo lunohoons aro a groat feature of Flemiagton, and most enjoy able. Racing started punctually at 1 p.m. It commenced with tho Hurdle Race, which resulted in tho downfall of tho favorite, Morago, and tho downfall of Vanity, who was killod nt tho last hurdle, B irdorcr oven- tually winning by half-a-hond. Tlio Rail way Handioap followed, and again bookers had a sovero " facer," a rank outsider coming up !u Curltou. Ditto iu tho Kensington Stakes, in winch tho favorito was beaten by a uohq. Then camo tho great race of tho day —tho great raco of the year. As tho boll rang for the ridora to soddlo up for tho Cup tho ficcno was ono truly to bo remembered for a lifetime. Tho Birdcage was thronged by owners, tremors, jockeys, ntid tho general pubfio, all eager to inspect tho Cup candi dates. The fuvoritcs, as usual hold a great lovee, and it was ouly with dilHoulty thnt ono got a look nt such horses as Walluoo, Hova, nud Quivor. Although Hova was tho favorito iu tho betting, ho was not the favorito with the general pubfio. Ho was tho favorite in tho hotting simply becauso his performances were undoniablu. ' But ho wus not a favorito with tho public on account of the peculiar actiou of bis owners in scratching him for tho Caulfiold Cup ou tho day of tho raco. Somo vory strong words liavo boen said about this notion, and thoy woro justifi able, But there could bo no denying the merit of tho horso, and had ho beon owned by Mr. W. R. Wilson, or somo such owner, lie would havo been more popular. Ho is u maguifioont horso is this five year old son of Ingomnr, ouo of tho finest ovor scon at Flem ington. No hotter conditioned horso was to bo seon on tlio course. Ho looka a triilo burly in tho middle, but ho is beautifully framed - downright solid from shoulder to finnk, and it would bo difficult to find a horso better built for galloping. Pace, powor, aud quality aro Hova's characteristics. Hls easy win in tbo Stakes on Saturday, when ho won in a canter, Hocmed to pluco tho Cup at his moroy provided he could stay. So it was last year with Ruenulf. Tlio stablo woro confi dent ho could stay, and it having leaked out that ho hud run a remarkably fine Cup triul, ho was backed last night down to 6 to 1, and ou tlio course to-day lio hardened to 6 to 1, and wont out first favorite. Wallace, tho Derby winnor, held a largor levcothan Hova, but I must confess that tho son of Carbine sufforod by comparison with tho New Zen- land bred IIovu. Bub thoro are fow horses that would not suffer by comparisou with Hova as ho lookod to-day. Wallace is a smallor edition of his groat siro, with ull his peculiar ohasacteriatlcs of laziness of uotion. Ho soemcd in tlio pink of condition, with all tho St. Alban's polish ou. But ho scarocly looked as fit as ho did on Saturday— a triilo weary I thought. Still ho is a beauty, and thb publio would havo no fault with lum. Last night ho was a hotter favorito if any thing than Hovu, but to-day ho did not travol so woll in tho betting market, and be receded from 5 io I to 8 to 1 ; iu fuel, he only started third favorito. As ho was being inspeotcd the question generally asked was, "Would ho do as his sire did?" True, ho had succeeded where his siro failed— in tho Derby — but would ho fail where his sire succeeded— In tho Cup? " Ho did not do it Ute first timo of asking," remarked one, " and neither do I think W&llaoe; will." Still thopubllo were sweet upon his ohanoo. But tho horso thnt was most backed to-day was Quiver, who camo with a tremendous rattle in tho betting last night, arattlo that contiuucd to-day, until sho deposed Walloco, and even threatened Hova's favoriteship, Quiver was booked down to 7 to 1, at which prico sho started second favorite. Sho looked splendid, far bettor tbau her stablo companion, Hop scotch, who was a triflo light. " She la good enough to win," said her trainer, " but — you can novor trust them." Another horse that hold a largo luveo was Lord Richmond, who was trained to tho hour, and was much fancied. Mudo and Trenchant also lookod grand, and bad a host of admirers, TheTai- maniati contingent swore by Music, whilo the New South Wnles contingent scoraod to pin their faith to Tho Trier, who looked better than ovor ho did. Ho is only a littlo fotlow, hut Bronnan had him iu suporb condition, Delaware looked well, but was friondlosH, Malice was a "ln:o hour tip," and a great deal of mouoy went on him. If anything; Tnrmiaki was in want of a gallop, but ho Is a grand-looking horse. Devon was scarcely at his host, but Tlio Admiral was as fit as hnmls tunko him. Wutcrfull looked well, but after tho way ho bad disgraced himself on Saturday ho seemed to bo a groutar outsider than oven ho had been in tho Caulfiold Cup. Osoulator had a Bcloot following of good judges, uud ho is ocrtainly tho finest looking of all the three- year-olds. Ho ovou towored ubovo tlio ma jority of tho older horses. Ho has a grand sweeping stride, covering a grout deal of ground. Had ho not root with an accident somo timo ago ho would havo shaken tlio doublo this year. As it was, although short of work, ho nearly won tho Dorby, and must havo a great future boforo him. If his foot keep right Osculntor is a ooming cham pion. To Whiti is another fine- looking colt that bad somo friends, although not so many as his stublo companion, Ruwi, who did uot look so well. Auraria still had friends, ulthongh not so many as sho had before tho Dorby ou Saturday. But tlio majority of tlio South Australians swore by hor, although thoy could not prevent hor receding to 33 to 1. She was. .a muss of condition. Auraria Is a boautifuily shaped filly, but by no means big; in faot, as regards size, sbo suffers very much by comparison with Quiver ut hor ago. Quiver was a big strapping filly this timo twelvo months ; far bigger than Auraria. But the latter is more perfootly shaped, a more l>eautiful filly. Sho is musoulur, with ruro power, foro and aft. and no fault can bo found with her formation. Her condition was perfect. It is a peculiar thing that tlio two best conditioned horses in the raco woro Hova and Auraria. But though tlio former was looked upon as tho likely Cup winnor, fowoutsidoUiostablo favored Auraria's chanco. Preston, Bruiu, Dreamland, and about n score of othors, cro friendless, and probably none were more so tbati tho four-yoar-old son of Robiusou Crusoo and Eiloon, which James Rjdfearn sent from Caulfiold iu splondid condition. Chestcrman had asolcct number of friends, but ho bad disappointed them so ofton that thoy woro not confident. Still lie had alt Tom Payton's polish on, only Tom would liavo boon more pleased had tlio morn ing shower not como. Of tlio 39 acceptances 30 stripped for tho Cup, tho absentees being Havoo, Brookloigh, and Flintlock. This is tho second largost fiold thut has ovor started for tho Cup. Tho largest field was in Carbluo's year, whon 39 stripped for tho £10,900 prize. In Sheet Anohor'a year 36 wont out, in Glonloth's year 36, whilo last year only 28 ran, Tho hotting ut tho start was : 6 to 1 v.' Hova, 7 to I Quivor, 8 to 1 Wallaoe, 9. to I Lord Riohmond, 20 to 1 Musio, Tronohant, Mnhoo, Tho Trier, and Taranaki, 26 to 1 Osoulator and Rowi, 33 to 1 Auraria and tho othors. Thoro was vary littlo delay at tlio starting post ; ut eight minutes past 4 tho b'irricr How up, tlio gong sounded, tliero was a groat shout of " tlioy'ro off," and the raco for tlm Cup had cotnmoocod. To paraphraso tho lines of 'tho Laureate of Now South Wales A waving of hats and of hands, Tho voices of thousands in ono. A shout from tho ring, and tho stands, And a glitter of heads, in tho sun ! " 'They are off— they are off " is tho roar As the crooks suttlo down to tho raco, With Long's " white and blaok" to tho foro, And tho Richmond blood forcing tho puco. It was a beautiful start For a moment tbo 30 horses moved as if in ouo lino, and tlioy travelled somo yards before it was brokou. Tho first to break it was tho speedy but un reliable Hopscotch, and Lord Rlobmoud fol lowed 'suit. Then followod Quivor, Pulo Alto, Wnllaco, and Mahco. Hopscotch showed in front for a few stridos, and then Willis brought Lord Richmond along sido him. A fow strides more und tho Grand Flaneur gelding dropped baok a littlo, Ettridgo taking a pull, and Mahco dashing forward filled his place. As you are awaro tho Cup ruco is started off tho main courso, so that tho horses aro in full swing when tlioy strike tho courso proper. Tho Cup start Is four furlongs and 82 yardN la a straight lino from tho winning post. This gives tho horses ovcry opportunity to get placed boforo teaching tbo first turn, about eighty yards past tho winning post first time round. As thoy struck tho course proper Maheo nod Lord Richmond were In command. A littlo behind woro Preston and Wollaco running hood and head, and slightly behind thedo woro Te Whiti, Bruin, Hova, aud Dreamland. Behind thoso woro tho rest In a bunch. As thoy thundered down tho straight, tho heliotropo and blaek colors of Huhco'fl rider were tho first to catch tho oyo But only for s moment. Tho popular red und white of Soptirous Mitlor, the Chairman of tho V.R.O., were dashed to tho front by Preston, and tho son of Robinson Crusoe dis puted the leadership with tlio son of Martini Hoory. As thoy flashed by tho stand Pres ton and Maheo were on equal terms in tlio lead, both going strongly at a sound paco. Closo behind woro Lord Richmond, Hova, Dreamland, Bruin, aud Wallaco, all iu good positions with Justin McSwoonoy's pair, Rowi aud Te Whiti, prominent at the head of an other bunch. After thoy passed tho stand tho paoo improved, jiU being anxious to got iu a good position at tho turn before entering tho long stretch along the bank of tho Salt water. As. thoji commenced . the turn the field olowd up rapidly< Mahoe drew slightly ' fi; - ' uheud of Preston ns they swept round tho turu, whilo tbo und red colors of Droamlnod shot up alongside Preston. At this juncture Mahco was half n length ahead, with Presion und Dreamland running head und head for second place, and Hova, To Whiti, Rowi, at tho head of tbo noxt bunch. Ah they swept ulong towards tho bridgo tho puco was a cracker. Mahen was still iu tlio lead with Preston aud Dreamland close up, and Rowi, Te Whiti, Hopscotch, Hova, pro minent lu front of tho others, Tho Sydnoy- sldcr soomcd full of running, but ho could not draw away from tlio Legor winner. Ou to wards tho Abattoirs swept the field, " A rainbow of riders and steodi," Tlio paco was so hot now that tho fiold com menced to spread nut. Still Muheo led, and Preston hung ou. Tho Ballnrat four year old dropped liack, but a Ballnrat thrco year old In tbo form of Onward took his placo after crossing tho bridge. Tlio sorority of tbo pace now seemed to tell on Malice, and Preston and Onward disputed tho leadorahip with him. A few strides further and Onward was in front with Preston nnd Mahco at his shoulder. Tlds was tho position upproaching tho Abattoirs, but as they flashed by thorn Preston was in tlio lead with Mahco on tho rails closo behind, and Onward ou tbo other sido, while about two longths away camo Callum Mohr, Rowi, and Hopscotch. Closo Iwhind them woro Waterfall, Hova, Lord Richmond, and Auraria, all iu good positions, Aftor passing tho abattoirs Preston increased tho paco, and along tbo stretch to tlio scraping sheds it was terrific. Muheo and Onward mndo a dcspcrato effort, but tho red and white sleeves maintained tho lead. Tlio jiuce wan too hot for Onward, who retired soon, hut Frestoii continued ut tho head of affairs. Maheo was tho noxt to succumb, and at the sheds Preston was still in Uio lend. "Will ho stay it out!-" was tlio query. No win would ho more popular than that of Mr. Mfilor's, and as Preston swept along with thrco-quartcrs of tho field already beaten tho excitement was Intense. At tho commencement of tho bend Preston was still in the lead, and Lord Rich mond, Hova, Callum Mohr, Waterfall, and Auraria lmd improved their position. " Preston wins " was tho cry, mid tlio 8t. Legor winner swopt on. But what it this leggy chestnut coining fast on the inside ? Look through the glasses nguiu and tell us tho colors. Ik-fore tho answer " white, blaok slooves and can " is spukui a yoll goos itn of " Ilopsootch " Hopscotch." "Hopscotch wins." Yes it is Hopsootcheoming fast on tbo Inside bearing tlio colon homo by bis sire Grand Flaneur round tbo samo bend ou that November afternoon fifteen years ago. "Hopscotch" is tho cry. Is ho going to win the Molbourno Cup aftor losing tho Caulfiold Cup ? Ho nhallonges Preston, nud for n moment tho latter responds, but (ho terrible paco bo has mudo has told ita tal-, and ho reels baok lmatcn. On comes Ilop sootch round tho bend. But ouly for n moment. Onlyu inoteoric flash in tho pan - only tho "IIopootoh flash." What Is this comiug so resolutely ou thooulsldo? There Is no uocd to nsk for tho ronr of a mighty miittitudo tells you. " For homo round tho bend of tbo ootirso, A demon of musolo and pluok, Floahos onward tho favorito horso With his hoofs flaming clear of tho rook." "Hova," "Hova," Is Iho.ery pa Ilayos brought tho fuvorlto on tho outside, and in half- a-dozon of his raagnifiocnt, long swoop iog strides ho had settled Howooteh. On Into tho straight swopt tho favorito In a splendid position with Lord Rlehmoud nnd Hopscotch at his heels. When thoy turned their heads for homo tho favorito was just In front. Next camo Lord Richmond aud Hop scotch, with Waterfall and Trenchant closo behind, und Aurariu, Toreador, und To Whiti closo up. "Tlio favorito wins " was tho cry as they swept to wards tlio distance. And It looked liko it. Ho was gulloping strongly, and Hayes was sitting still taking things oom fort ably. " It is all Hova bar shouting " said a friend at my elbow, and I confess I thought it was. So did moo-tenth of tho multitude, But tlio " book " still hud hopes some one would como to tho rcsuuo. "Hopscotch!" tlioy roared, as tho chestnut sooiood to mako an effort, hut only for n moment, and ho molted away. " Lard Richmond ! " thoy yelled, as the son of Richmond fluttered his backers for a moment. "Waterfall!" was tho cry, as tho hamlsorno violet and gold stripes of Humphrey Oxonlmm wore seen coming. But Dctunoy was "riding," and Ilayos seemed comfortable A inotnontary cry of " Trenchant ! " went up. But Hova was running strong, in thu lead, und Ilayos lmd not usod his whip. Tho horso was doing a big run, aud there soomcd no danger that it would uot hutf. "Hova!" roared tho crowd, and an ominous silenco foil ou tho loathcr-lungod motalHoiaus, At lust tho favorito was getting home, "Hova!— Ifoval— Hova in a walk !" roared thu crowd. It scorned nil over. But what is this creep ing up in tho eontro ? What is this approach' iog tho " blaok and whlto" colors of Hova? Wimt is this bluo jaukot, yellow slcovo, und red oap coming fast in tlio eontro? What is this brown horeo putting In such a brilliant run? Noarorund nearer It comes, and then coraos tho hoarse cry of tho " ring," nnd that cry is " Auraria ! " " Auraria ! " tlioy yoli ; "Auraria wins!" "Hova wins!" responds tlio multitude. " Auraria ! " yelled tho layero until thoy were hoarse. Hero was a 33 to 1 chunce comiug to tholrrescuunml catobing Hova at ovory strldo. Would tho favorito last it out ? Would tho Stakes win nor got horno? On thoy camo. It wus a resolute chnUoiigo oa part of tho South Aus tralian fillf, nni llovn gallantly responded. It wus a despcrutd struggle. To paraphrase tho Laureate of tho Centaurs— M lio Brioon oi tno ring loraspaoo nantido, And slackens tho bookmakers' roar. Now Stovonson rally, now Jim Ilayos rido As man novor rode boforo. When Wallace's backers in vain do call, Whon Hopscotch's frionds are dumb, When hushed is tho ory of ' Waterfall," Alono ia tho raco they ourno. Thoy'ro nook and nook, thoy 'ro hoadandhosd, ThoyTo stroke for stroko in tho running, Tbo wbalebono whistles, tho stool Is rod, No shirking a yot nor shunning, Son of Ingomar, prove your birth, Tho filly will take lots of choking, hot breath streams at your saddle girth, ThoFrom her scarlet nostril smoking," Ou tlioy como, strido for strido, hcud and head, with tho steel buried deep, and whips whistling. Thousands of pouods lwng as if suspondod on tho result for a fow brief moments. Oh, tho torriblo strain of tho brief moments ! Will thoy ever ho forgotten ? On thoy como, head and head, Hova and Auraria. But another surprise is in store. "What! this coming with a rush on the outsido? What is this in tlio familiar bluo und blaok hoops of Jim Redfern ? Another Malvolio ! Not a Malvolio, but auothor outsider I and tbo yell goes up of "Burrabnri" oa tho Robinson Crusoe gelding swcojjs ou. But ho is not near onough to bo dangerous, and tbo multi- tudo Is absorbed in tbo deadly duel between Aurariu aud Hovu. Tlio filly finishing with tho wonderful gamoness of tho Musket blood draws slightly ahead. Hayes makes a do- spcrato final effort, but without avail, and amidst tho roar of a hundred thousand voices, and tho loud shouting of " Auraria," "Hova," Auraria win by a long neck tlio Melbourne Cup of 1896, Burrabari was a length nnd a half bohind Hova. Another length and a bulf away camo Wutcrfull, Trenchant wus fifth, Toreador, who cuue with a rattle was sixth, and Tho TYior sovonth. Then cuino tho others any how, with Monastry bringing up tlio rear. Thti a South Australian mora was first, and s South Australian maro last. Time, 3inin- , utctf 29socs., tho fastest shico Carhino's year. Stevenson redo a cool, determined, and woll judged raco, and doscrved tho win. Tlio samo cannot bo said of Hayev. Do redo a "desperate finish, but a ba dly Judged raco He enmo too soon. Hud ho nursed Ms horse until tho distance, nothing could huve lived with Hova at tho fioisb. Only a Carbine could have come where ho did, ondmain- taloed the run to tho post. 