?/Modern iRobin -son Crusoes. ? ♦ ? At tie Auckland Islands. ' How shall I admire your heroic ? ' eourage, ye marine worthies, beyond all names of worthinesse I' — Halkuyfc. ' 'W' ''^^ AH away to the soutn r HJ ward ofNew Zealand, say .-! H''^ 160 miles at least, in latitude i £ 50 min. 48 deg. lie the Auck ?J*- land Islands, a lovely group, firstiSeen in-1806 by one of Enderby's whaling ships. The seas around them are turbulent, and stormy ; mists and fogs settle thickly on the land ; and the winds blow with such force (' butt end foremost,' as the sailors say) that nothing can stand against them. Even ships anchored in a harbor there are not so Safe when a storm comes on ; certainly not so safe as they would be outside. So it proved in the case of the Sydney owned schooner Grafton as she lay in Carnley's Harbor on the night of January 2, 1864, with two anchors out. All day. long a heavy gale had been blowing, with almost constant rain, and the ship had been straining at her chains with every heave of the swell. At 7 the star board chain parted, and the best bower dragged some distance, bring ing her up again almost parallel with the grim rocks that lined the shore. Every time she rose with the sea she dragged the anchor home, getting nearer and nearer to the shore. At midnight she struck, lying broadside on the beach, the sea . making a clean breach over her. Finding at daybreak that there was no chance for her, Captain Musgrave — who had left Sydney on November 12 for Campbell Island, on a mining speculation, and bad then steered for the Aucklands to load with sealskins — got out all the provisions and sent them ashore in the boat, with the mainsail and gaff for a tent. There were only three men in the crew ; the mate, Baqual, a Frenchman, was barely able to walk, having been laid up for some time. The gale continued to blow all that day, and for nearly a week afterwards ; but, despite the rough weather, they managed to get on board the wreck from day to day, and take on shore many things they had need of. Their stock of provisions being a very small one, they soon had to look about them ? for food, and luckily it did not take long to find it. Seals swarmed in the bays in the summer months ; some times they killed them almost at the door of their tent. One night tbe men were alarmed by sounds of bellowing in the bush, near their camp, which they took to be signs of wild cattle, and, as the sound came nearer and nearer, they were afraid the animals would rush the tent and attack them. Musgrave went out, gun in hand, but instead of cattle, he could only see \- seals roaming about. He fired and shot one in tho tail, when they all ? cleared off. The flesh ot the cow s and calves, as the sailors called them, made very good eating, but that of the bulls was rather too rank for delicate stomachs. A young calf, when roasted, tasted exactly like lamb. When a cow was killed with her calf, her nn'lk was con sidered better than goat's. It was no little luck to have a French cook among them. They had one in Ba qual, who took his turn with the rest .??? in that capacity, each man being cook for a week, and showed the true greatness of his country at dinner time, giving them four courses, with roots, a discretion. Fish were neither so plentiful nor so varied as might be expected ; but they had no net, nor materials to make one and were obliged to rely on hook and . line. The first quarter flood, they found, was the only time that they could catch any number ; one man . standing on the rocks could catch enough then to last them for three days. Whenever that happened they were glad to put seal meat aside. Wild vegetables, too, were scarce ; the best they could find was a root which they rather liked when fried in seal oil. It had so much sugar in it that they hit upon the idea of making beer from it, by grating it on a large grater, boiling it, leaving it to ferment, and then put ting it into a cask, but its operation on the stomach proved to be so power ful that they returned to water. Birds contributed a little to their support, but very few varieties were obtain able ; the principal was the shag, of which they shot large numbers occa sionally. They were surprised to find the parrot, the blackbird, and the ro \- bin redbreast there ; the parrot was green, resembling the New Zealand kakapo, a very, rare bird. Most of theni were very tame ; the robins came into the tent, picked up their food, and chirped round them when they sat at their meals ; while others, that were really fine songsters, regaled them with floods of native melody. Mutton birds paid them a visit in flocks towards the end of January, but left again in May, and rarely gave them a shot at them. They did not seem to know that they- made their burrows in the- ground and might be easily caught in their burrows. Seeing no hope of getting off the island for some timo, llusgrave began to build a house with the planks, yards, and topmasts of the Grafton — a necessary protection against the rain, which poured down in torrents. There vras plenty of growing timber at Land ; Lut the only tools they had \?ere an American axe, an adze, a hammer, and a gimlet, and, as there was : neither a carpenter nor a black smith among them, building a house was not so easy as it looked at first. Sailors : are handy men, though ; and in a month they had built a pretty good' one,: with a large stone chimney. The wallg and roof were thatched ? \idth grass and-i covered over with , canvas ; but the wind blew with such force; that they could not keep it out, ? and ..at night they needed a roaring fire to keep themselves warm in their ''Musgrave, a . man of active build., took every possible means of keeping himself and his men employed, and the boat having fortunately escaped destruction, they made frequent trips in it up and down the harbor and among the islands, principally on seal ing and fishing expeditions. By this means they became familiar with the sceneB around them. It was a curious fact that in all their wanderings on land and water the only proofs of previous occupation by men which they found were the remains of an old camp in the shape of some burnt bricks — evidently used by a sealing party for their ' try works '—an old saw file, the teeth of which were destroyed by rust, and a couple of sheep dogs. As another means of relieving, his mind from the terrible anguish he en dured Musgrave kept a journals in which he relates all the incidents of the day, and- some times poured out the sorrows of his heart. It was written in blood, which made a good substitute for ink, and an appropriate one fora man in his situation. Wife and child ren had been left behind in Sydney, and the thought of their sufierings was harder to bear than his own. What he felt may be seen in aiew passages : ' I know that many a bitter tear has been shed for me by this time, and most likely to-day, as this is the end of another dreary month since 1 left thosa I loved so much. And how many more must pass, or how they will pass them until we . meet again, or whether we shall ever meet again on earth, Heaven only knows. ? These thoughts, which now prey continually on my mind, are maddening. I feel as if I was gradually consumed by an inward fire.' Two months more pass by, and he is still in his island prison. ' Six long and dreary months have now passed since I left Sydney, and the idea of the sad lot which may and must have fallen on those I love so much wrings my soul with agony and remorse. Oh, my God ! how long is this to last ! Oh ! release me from this bondage ! Night and morning, daily, and in. my dreams, I offer up my prayers to Thee. Oh ! hear me and release me that I may flee to the succor of those dear inno cent ones who are now suffering for my folly. Set me at liberty that I may provide for them, and I will be content even with separation : but let me not have doomed them to wretchedness and misery.' All this time he was buoyed up with e hope of seeing a ship enter the harbor. Soon after the wreck took place he made a large canvas flag, and hoisted it on a staff planted on a point of land near the heads, with a bottle tied to it containing a note ; but on a second visit to Flngstaff Point, as he called it, he found the flag blown away and the staff nearly down, He replaced it with a large board securely fastened, with the letter N on it — meaning steer north. It was not pos sible to keep a man on the lookout there, because there was no food to be found thereabouts. In all their journeyings to and fro .their eyes were fixed to seaward in search of «'-? e di^ant sail. ' Mv tyes are positively weak and blood shot with anxious looking. . . . Yesterday I got to where I could see well down the harbor, and sat on a rock all day, expecting to see a vessel come in. This morning I walked all about the beach, expecting the same thing. . . . Surely not more than another week at the outside will pass before something arrives to take us away. It those who should have felt interested in our fate had applied to Government as soon as they gave us up — which they must have done, at the outside, five months after we sailed (and this is the eleventh)— we should have had relief before this bime ; for the New South' Wales Gov ernment is not slow to move in these natters ? ' On one occasion hs and Baqual set )ff at 5 o'clock in the morning to go m to the mountains, and have a look L'ound for a ship. The sky was per fectly clear when they left, but before jhey reached the top dark masses of ?louds came up, and a thick inist be s^an to settle on the land. It soon be jame a dense fog, with heavy rain, and they were compelled to go back. If toey had not done so, they would have ' found themselves lost ' in it, and .vould have had either to stand still until it cleared away, or to strug gle on, with the risk of falling head long down a precipice. The summits of tha mountains consist of naked rocks, thrown up in wild conCusion ?-j volcanic action, and among them ??here are chasms and precipices many umdreds of feet deep, and terrible to ?ahold ; but the view from the rocks is nblime in the highest degree. It commands the whole group of islands n'l the broad ocean encircling them for ifty miles round. The ? sublimity of the scene only nade the sense of desolation more icute. They saw too plainly that they were so far out of the track of passing ships that the chance of res cue was a poor one at the best. There was none at all in the winter months ; and while the snow lay thick upon the ground, and the winds blew with icy breath upon them, there was no tempt ation to climb the hilltops in search of i distant sail. But what where their Sydney friends about ? And why was the Sydney Government so indifferent to their fate ? Tom Moore's ghost would be pleased may be, if he could learn through some spiritual telephone that the only scrap of poetry with which the shipwrecked sailor could relieve his- heart was a bit of Irish melody. Let fate do hsv worst, there are. .relics of jcy, Bright gems of the past, which she . cannot destroy-; That come in the night time of 'sorrow B.V.H care, And bring back the f . atures that joy used to wear. Long, long may my heart with such ;mm oric'sbs' filled; Like a vasn in which roses have ones been distilled. You may break, you may shatter, the vase if you will: But the scent of tha roses will cling round it still. ? *r — -^- -— II. During their' long imprisonnlent^ifc iastea over eignteen months — they had many opportunities for observing the habits of '.the seals, which were of the species called by sailors the sea lion and the tiger seal. They made their appearance in the bays in October, and began to leave again in April. In January the cows wander about on shore, looking for quiet places in which to calve ; the calving takes place in February, when they take the young ones down to the water and teach them to swim ; and for the next three months they remain with them, mostly on shore, suckling them. The calves leave off sucking at tho end of that time, and take to the water with their mothers during the day, going on shore at night, where they lie in small mobs in the long grass. In May the cows begin to breed again, and show signs of it by sickness, when they throw up small st-nos, probably snap ped up, when ciuonin^ fish at the bot tom of the water. Their fur is of a grey golden buff, or silver color, some times; spotted like the leopard ; that of the bulls is always of a blackish grey color, and of much finer quality than the female's. The adventures which Musgrave met with among these animals were sometimes exciting. One day he went with two men to Figure of Eight Is land in the boat, and on landing found three mobs of them asleep. There were thirty to forty in each, and a great many young calves among them, which they wanted to get' without kilk ing the old ones. Each man taking a mob went right in among them, and in ten seconds they knocked down as many calves and a cow. They were so quick about it that when the seals opened their eyes they could hardly realise the position,- and as soon as they did they made a rush for the water. The last to leave was a big tiger bull, who turned aside to punish one of themen. Thesight of his tusks senthhn flying up a tree, from which he cried out to his mates for assistance ; but when they came up it took them a good ten minutes to kill the seal, as they had only their clubs with them, and being in a thick bush he had a decided advantage over them, On another visit to the same island they had a pitched battle with thirty or forty seal? on the beach ; but, al though there were only four men, many of the seals became meat. As sooh as seven calves had been killed, the sailors made off with them to the boat as fast as they could ; while the bulls and cows, enraged at their loss, kept running around them in such a threatening manner that they were glad to get away from them/ feeling sure that they would be attacked again if they remained. They had some proof of thai? fighting capacity on a previous occasion when they were out in the boat, and had to 'defend them selves against a big bull. They puilad hard to get out- of hh way, but 'he gave chase, overtook them, and as he put his^head over the stern . Mnsgra-ve, who had loaded his gun yHih ball as well a? a charge of shot, fired straight into his open mouth, and blew the head to pieces. Another Lull of the t'ger bre3d show )d thevn th-it it was no easy mat ter to kill one of them, even when armed with a gun. Whsn he saw them approach in the boat he sat up among the rocks where he w.is lying, and looked steadily at them. They lay on their oars and looked at him. Pre sently they b2gan to pull in towards the shore, but he did not move a muscle until t'ae boat nearly touched the beach. Suspecting mischief, he made a start for the water, when Baqual- fired. The ball entered the head and knocked out three of his tusks, but did not kill him. Without giving him a moment to collect his scattered senses the others rushed on him with their clubs and began to pound away at. his head, but the more they pounded the more he seemed to revive, and he would certainly have escaped if one of them had not cut his throat with aknife. One of his tusks was found to measure 3 2-3 inches in length, 11 in circumference at the gum, and 5f at* the base. . A fight between two seals was not an uncommon sight, and was watched with no little interest, although ' the noble art ' was not practised according to rule. One day they found a sea lion and a tiger seal hard at work, fighting like bulldogs, tearing each other to pieces with their tusks, but not uttering the slightest sound. They kept at it for half-an-hour, when the m3n lef t without waiting to see how it ended ; but even then the damage done on both sides was considerable, their necks and backs being frightfully mangled. A sheering specimen of their sa yagery on th ese occasions was met with iu an out of the way place, where a cow with calf was found lying in with one. of her fore flippers torn away, the other snapped off at the joint, her lower jaw broken, a strip of skin two inches wide torn oil the belly, and another from the back, from head to tail. The poor beast had evidently crawled put of the water to find some place to die in. After six months' watcning and waiting for the ship that never came, Musgrave resolved to see. what could be done with the wreck, which still held together in spite of all the buffet ings it received from wind and waves. Possibly, he thought, they would be able to repair her sufficiently for a, desperate voyage to New Zealand. With that hope to encourage them, the man set to work in August with a will, but it was terribly hard work. , The first thing they had to do was to get her- higher up on the beach, so that they could examine her bottom, and to do that they had to clear away the rocks .and boulders above her. They hadto.work up go. the .waist in water at low tide day, after day, while the thermometer stood at 2 deg. to 3 deg. balow freezing point. After a week of it they found the task hopeless ; all iiisy could hope to do was to break her ay and nuke something out; of her SLtabars shafc would take them away, '?' if only to drown at seu,.' ? Tha thought of having to pass an other winter in that dreadful climate, exposed daily to atoraia of wniu, rain, ' 3-eet, and snow, nerved avery arm VfitU the streng.th.of ..despair. . .Hanger, too, redoubled their exertions. Seals were no longer to be seen in swarms on every beach, and even fish were not easily got. One entry in the journal for Sep tember shows the state of affairs at the hut : ' The weather has been very stormy, with almost constant hail, snow or rain throughout the past week, and we are again hard up for some thing to eat. We have been obliged to turn out in the midst of the bad weather to look for grub. We were out in the boat for three days ruuning, and by dint of great industry we man aged to get as much shag, fish, and mussels as kept us going. To.mo.rrow we must boat it again, whatever the weather may be.' The men did not grumble at their hard fare ; the only complaint came from one who was heard to say that he wished he had a bucket of potato peelings. It was not until February, 1865, that despair drove them to begin building a ten-ton cutter out of the wreck of the Grafton, which, by the way, had been built out of the wreck of a Spanish man - of- war ; but the undertaking looked a hopeless one, until the French man again showed the genius of his nation by his clever contrivances. He set up a forge, and succeeded in making all the tools required except augers, which quite baffled him. That was a trying disappointment, fo.t without them it was impossible to build a cutter ; and Musgrave then fell back on a project he had formed some time before of making their boat fit for sea. It was only a dingey, 12ft. on the keel, very old and shaky ; . but by lengthen ing about 3 feet and raising her lft. he hoped to make her strong enough to carry three of them to Stewart's Island. So /while Baqual worked at the forge he worked at the sails, and the others hunted for food ; and by toiling day and night through February, March, April, May, and June, they finished the boat at last. 'It is only this evening (June 23) that we have got the boat ready for launching. Baqual is still making his hammer ring in the forge, although it is now half-past 1 o'clock in the morning. He is just finishing his last job ; he has all along worked until 11 o'clock or midnight. There has been an amazing quantity of blacksmith work required for that small boat, which he has executed in a surprisingly skilful manner. There are about 180 clinch bolts in her and 700 nails and spikes. He has had to make all these out of short bolts of all sorts and sizes, belaying pins, etc., welded together and drawn out.' Boat building seems easy enough to those who look at a boat dancing on the. water ; but the difficulties encoun tered in putting the little Bescue to gether seemed for a long while to be endless. They were all overcome at last : ' Now that we have finished we have made an excellent job of the boat, and she is not at all unsightly. Indeed, she may be pronounced a neat, sub stantial-looking but small yacht, and what we have done is indeed substan tially . done. I wish the old bottom was half as good as the new work. If that stands, we are safe ; if not, we sink — which will be preferable to the bodily sufferings and mental tortures we endure here.' They launched hei On the 27th ; but, although it was quite calm, she was so tender in the water that the least movement put her al most on her beam ends, bad some of the crew would gladly have got on shore again. ? The ballast was mostly seal skins, secured so that it could not shift, and therefore there was no fear of her turning over ;. and with some little alterations, altering the rig from that of a cutter to a lug sail and jib, and taking only three on board, Mus grave felt satisfied that they might safely put to sea with the first fail wind. But who was to be left behind ? They were all equally anxious to go and the cry was, 'If any of us are to be drowned, let us all drown together.' Beason prevailed at last, and two of them agreed to pass the dreaded win ter- at Camp Cove, and take their chance of being rescued sooner or later. On July 19. then, Musgrave set sail in his little craft, with Baqual and one of the crew, but, before they had got twenty miles away they were caughi in a south-west gale, which lasted un til they reached Port Adventure, in Stewart's Island, New Zealand, on the 24th. During the whole of the pas sage .he stood on deck, holding on to a rope with one hand and pumping with the other, while the other two men relieved each other at the helm. The wind was fair, but so strong that they had to lay-to nearly half the time, with the sea- constantly breaking over them. The cutter Flying Scud was lying in port on their arrival, and Captain Cross gave them a passage in her to Inver cargill, where their case was taken in hand by a good-natured merchant. The Flying Scud was at once chartered to proceed to the Auckland Islands and rescue the two men there ; and in five weeks from the time that their com panions had sailed away, they were taken on board of her. They were all landed at Invercargill on September 15. While the Flyiug Scud was at the Islands, the remains of a man were found lying on a bed of grass, among the ruins of an old frame house, which had fallen to pieces after his death. He had evidently died from starvation ; but there was nothing to show who he was, where he came from, or how he had got there. On the night of Ma:y 10, 1864, while the crew of the Grafton were asleep in their bunks, the ship Invercauld went on the rocks, on another island of the same group, in a heavy gale, and in twenty minutes went to pieces. Four men and two boys were drowned, the rest, numbering nineteen, were washed on shore. Nothing was saved from the wreck, beyond a little biscuit and pork ; and when that was gone they had to struggle about in search of food. They first went to the top of the is land to see if there was any sign of inhabitants, and, finding none, they made their way to a bay. on the other side ; but the only food they could get there were the limpets on the rocks and two seals. They lasted for three months, and after that there was no thing to eat but roots. The men sank quickly one after another ; in four weeks only thret were left— Captain Dalgarno, the mate, and a seaman. They continued to hold out foe tvvelvs weeks and ten days, ? when ttoy^ vrevo taken off by the Poii«{.;ue^ auii? Ja« lian, boaiui .Aji* (Jaliao, from ilticj.0, which had sprung a leak oft the is land, and had sent a boat ashore to see if she could be repaired there. The skeleton found by Musgrave may possibly have belonged to one of the crew of the Invercauld, but in that case it is strange that some of the other sixteen skeletons were not found there. It is strange, too, that two ships' crews should have passed twelve months on two islands of the I same group without making them selves known to each other. And it is not the less strange that neither of them should have met with any signs of the deserted settlement formed in 1850 by the Enderbys, to whom the whole group had been granted by the British Government for the purpose of forming a whaling station. G. B. B. (Sydney Evening News.) A man likes to feel that he is loved ; a woman likes to be told, 