[ OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. [FROM OUR OWN COBKKSPOHDKjrr.J It would not be easy to convey to you an I odcqu its idol of the profound sensation 'caused hereby the death of Sir James I Pat tell you. It was the greater that the event was so sudden and so unexpected. On Friday he was assisting at the reception of His Excellency the Governor. On Wednesday he was dead. When the news was made public the city held its breath, and could scarcely realise the fact. Then, as it was borne in on men's minds, the general expression of grief and regret surpassed any former manifestation of similar character. Never before had the great be part of the people been so deeply stirred, and it urn indeed felt that Victoria had sustained an irreparable less. Sir James Patterson was not merely a great man here, but as a politician and a statesman he was our greatest. He was not only leader of the Opposition ; he was the leader of Parliament, fortune demanding per finality and the influence of his strong, vigorous mind dominated the House, as was shown in connection with the recent speaker episode, when he extricated the Assembly from what threatened to be a very serious difficulty; but on his own terms. The notion was characteristic of the man. He set the public good before any party consideration and resolutely strove to avert a collision in which the Government would have been em- harrassed and the Speaker humiliated, but in which the House would also have been demoralised. Still, there could be no paltering with principle, and he refused to go one inch beyond accepting the Speaker's statement that he did not hear the call for a division. It was this inflexibility of purpose, all d to a master- ful grasp of the difficulty to be confronted that made Sir James _ so many friends and so many political enemies. He was the member of the Gillies-Deakin Cabinet responsible for bringing the Mounted Rifles into the city, by which any disposition to disorder during the great maritime strike of 1890 was held in check, for which he earned the deathless enmity of the Trades-hall party. He was the Premier who first faced the task of equalising revenue and expenditure by retrenchment and economy, for which he was hotly opposed by the railway men and Civil Servants. But the thing he thought right he did without regard to personal consequences. Hostility he met with hostility equally determined and uncompromising, and even his bitterest opponents owned him to be a man who would not flatter Neptune for his trident, or Jove for his power to thunder. He was somewhat rugged in appearance and manner, though genial and kindly in disposition, and as a debater he had no equal in the House. There are many more fluent, more polished in expression, and more gifted with the graces of oratory, but not one who approached him in force and vigour, and when he rose to speak upon any great occasion the House never failed to realise the weight that went into his ringing sabre strokes of Saxon speech. That he would again have been called upon at no distant date toiesutnothe Premiership is regarded as certain, for his ascendant in the Chamber was steadily increasing, and though defeated as head of the Ministry at the last election, his successors have found it necessary to adopt I the very policy of economy and retrench- ment he was rejected for advocating. Most appropriately Parliament adjourned until his body had been laid beside that of the dear dead wife he so quickly followed. His funeral was a splendid tribute paid to his acknowledged worth by the whole people, and his epitaph may be written in the Shakespearian Hues He was a man ; tiikohlm tor all in all, - We shall not look upon his like again. -' Pleasure and pain, the rose g island, and the cypress wreath, come unto such close association in this strange marque of life that smiles and tears seem almost to go hand in hand, and even the passing away of a great man cannot overshadow the brightness or check the excitement of our Cup carnival. It is recorded that when Paul visited Athens as a Christian missionary " his spirit was stirred in him when he saw the city wholly given up to idolatry, and that he took for the text of his first sermon the inscription on the altar dedicated " to the unknown god," If a modern Paul were Borne day to visit Melbourne he would find like occasion for perturbation of spirit He would again find a city wholly given up to idolatry, but instead of an altar raised to an unknown deity, he would find it exclusively dedicated to the worship of the Horse. The great high fis rival of this cult to which the whole people are devoted, comes to us in the spring, and then it is to us what the Cerralia was to the Romans, or the Thesmophora to the Greeks. While the rites are in course of celebration they absorb attention to the almost total exclusion of all minor matters. The equine idol of the hour, being, of course, the horse that carries and lands your dollars, is the object of adoring devotion, and when the delicious double comes off the religious ecstasy is expressed in a wild dance of delight that would do credit to a Mamad. Students of Roman history sometimes wonder why Helioçabalus made his horse a consul, and why Caligula made his stood high priest, stabled him in a palace, he decked bus: with jewel?, and actually ted the poor brute with gilded oats. They were strange vagaries certainly, but hardly more extreme in character than ours when we defy our typical horse, set him upon a pedestal, and fall down and worship him. But the weather was particeps criminis on Saturday, Derby Day, when the V.R.C. spring meeting opened, for it was a perfect spring day from the riding of the sun to the going down of the same. If it had been made to order it could not have been improved upon in any respect, and Flemington, with its trim shaven lawn green as an emerald, and its parterre of flowers in full vivid bloom, looked its prettiest. Special eclat was given to the occasion by the presence for the first time on the course of Lord and Lady Brassey. The public, as backers, had a 'poor time -all day. "Every win landed their. money. Acton and The Trier started hot favourites for the Trial Stakes and Hotham . Handicap. Hove went at top price for the Melbourne Stakes, and by his grand run at the finish J deprived your Tasmanian Music of his victory, and then when Wallace came home for the Derby after a desperate race with the New Zealander, Oaoulator, everybody went frantic with delight, because it was a double event, a public win and a Carbine triumph. But it was a right thing and left Wallace's Cup chance against Hova delight- fully doubtful. It rained on Saturday night but only enough to freshen the turn ; then it set fair again and made of Cup day a realised dream of delight. All the city, the city's wife and its sisters and its cousins and its aunts, with their country relatives and intercolonial acquaintances were there, and if the crowd was not as big as in the boom years, it was little shore of it, and not a whit behind in its demonstrated capacity for enjoyment. But as regards the lady- birds on the lawn it was by no means so stylish. The blouse with its balloon sleeves may be a very comfortable and appropriate outdoor dress, but it most distinctly does not present its wearer on grande dame, and when the colours scream at you loud enough to be heard from the starting post to the stand you sigh for something a bit quieter and more subdued. A blind man when asked to describe scarlet said it was like the sound of a trumpet. If that same man had to convey an idea of the lawn last Tuesday with its startling contrasts of vivid blues, greens, orimsouB, canaries, reds, roses niaddeis,and20othercoloursstill madder than the aforesaid rose, he would undoubtedly hit it off at the blare of a full brass band. Our recent Cup days have splendidly illus tried our changing fortunes in their chang- ing fashions. Five years ago it was silks, satins, sovereigns, and champagne. Then there was a drop to amass, sateens, shillings, and then sherry. The year before last, when Cup Day was wet, it was mackintoshes and mumps, mulled port, and mighty little money anywhere; and this year, when the descending scale should have carried on to calicoes, coppers, and colonial ale, there has been an upward movement, and it may well be remembered in association with its blouses, it Brassey, and its bottled British beer. The race for the Cup was a splendid one, but the victory of Auraria was not hailed with that thousand throated thunder shout which is to be heard only at Flemington when a favourite carries off the big prize of the year. But the racing details have already been supplied you by telegraph, and to repeat them would now he as tedious as a three-fold tile, or a thrice preached' sermon. Two or three sharp showers fell during the night, but only enough to freshen the turf, and improve the going. The morning, however, broke lowering and threatening, and it was not till midday that the sum came out, giving promise, which was amply fulfilled, of a perfect day. It was a magnificent race, 36 weighing out for ItAthe largest field that ever started for Skjf Cab with the etoepHoryof Carbine's year. showed was a crack from the 0fajnmJfmton in the lead, but in the. r^mAM^wa* through ^¿«eMMjto be winning comfortably. The yells " Hova wine I " were terrific, for he carried slacks of public money, but when Auraria shot out there was an almost, noiseless pause. Shot ' out is the word. It was a marvellous win at the end of a fast two mile race. The filly as she challenged Hove went up to him two feet to one. Then it was ding-dong for the last half of the distance, and when the number went up Auraria there was only heard a hoarse murmur of general disappointment " Hova drops me in a hole rather badly," I heard one sport remark to another. "Blast Hove" was the tart response, "It's all love with me." - We have hardly struggled through all those difficulties about precedence yet. The Premier suggested that a committee should be formed to refer the matter to the Secretary of State, but the President of the Council dustries, and that Chamber will make its own representation. The Right, Hon. Joseph Chamberlain will therefore have the enviable task of deciding the matter, and as he will have to do it upon two differing, and most probably conflicting, statements of the case, his chance of diplomatically dodging the difficulty so as to please both sides is particularly remote. By the way, the disturbing influence extended far beyond the metropolitan area, for the President of the Alexandra shire stood on his dignity also and returned his ticket of admission to the Exhibition-building because it had not been firm aided in due form. Like Naaman the Syrian he surely thought that he was entitled to special consider turn because of his exalted position and official dignity, but when he received a ticket merely bearing the inscription " Admit bearer to the Exhibition-building, Lord Brassey's reception," he simply felt that he could not attend the swearing-in. Strange to say Lord Brassey was sworn in notwithstanding his absence. Another incident, this time arising out of the Bay reception of Lord Brassey, has been ventilated in the Assembly, In a debate on the defences Mr. Salmon pointed a retort to a boorish interruption from Mr. John Hancock by referring to his disloyalty, in remaining seated on board the Aramac when the toast of "The Queen" was given. Mr, Hancock subsequently explained that when the, toast was proposed his glass was empty. He remained seated till he was supplied with liquor, and then he rose and drank it (the liquor) with as great a gusto as any man. Those who have been privileged to behold the hon. member scientifically surround a deep sinker recognise at once that the statement bears its truth upon its face. It has since been asserted that Mr. Hancock had two bottles of beer quite near to him, the corks of which were drawn, but that like a true democrat the diesen of Footscray was waiting for the steward to pour out the liquor. Now this is as manifestly a wicked fabrication. Catch him waiting for anybody under such circumstances Melbourne has been smiling significantly of late, no doubt in common with Hobart and other Australian centres, over the thrice happy, but somewhat sudden nuptials of that gay, giddy, young octogenarian, Sydney bridegroom, and his twenty- year-old bride I have used that numeral adjec- five, above advisedly, for may we not sing : O happy swain, who on his wedding day Bears from the church his blushing bride away; And he thrice happy, who with passion stirred At eighty, proudly bears away his third. Certainly there is another way of looking at it. The Chinese have a proverb which they apply to a widower who married, "God forgave him start, and he did it again." They say, too, that when a certain recently-released spirit presented itself at the gate of Paradise the Celestial representative of St. Peter refused him admittance till the ghost told him he had been married, upon which the gatekeeper said, "Shuter, your, sufferings have expiated yours." The next apply-' cant having heard the conversation, confidently advanced his claim to admission in announcing, " and I have been twice married," but was astounded to hear the response, as the door was slammed in his face, "Go ! Heaven is no place for fools." What, then, would his Mongolian Saintsliip say of the Thrice wedded ? But this is altogether a wrong light in which to regard the Parkes case, seeing that the fortunate but elderly groom is decidedly to be felicitated. Hew ports have the courage to live up to their ideals. Sir Henry is among this minority, for is not his matrimonial bent clearly indicated in his " Fragmentary Thoughts," a book of poems he published about five years ago. The lady of his latest choice occupied, before her marriage, the honourable, but humble, position of domestic servant in his household, and does he not say, in his " Ragged Jane " I would not give my Rugged Jane ' For all the Peacock ladies going ; She knows the way to banish pain, What she don't know is not worth knowing. This is sublime, and as the forecast of the coming event-once removed-it is absolutely prophetic. Ye gods What a magnificent Mormon was lost to the Society of the Salt Lake Saints when the barque which bore Cajiar and his fortunes headed for Port Jackson instead of for the nearest point which would have given a chance of association with Joe Smith and Brigham Young of much-married memory. The above reference to Parkesiun poetry (sic) awakes an impulse, which I cannot resist, to quote a specimen from the works of i. no other Australian poet equal in genius, but less favoured of fortune. Sarah Jane was his inamorata, and he hymned her in the declaration : For she's as sweet as apple sauce, As nice as toasted cheese ; And if you look at her she cried, Be quiet, if you please. It was, however, a couplet in his " Deserted Diggings " that took the cake, or-to preserve a grandeur and sublimity of poetic expression appropriate to the subject-which fairly yanked the bar He wrote You houseless minor sitting on a log. Cleansing the linen of himself and dog. A sacrilegious newspaper critic poked fun at the dog's linen, and then the poet, writing in his wrath, simply extracted that luckless scribe by explaining that he had only availed himself of ordinary poetic license. He desired to convey a dual idea, first, that the business miner was doing the family wash- ing, and that the family consisted only of himself and his dog. 