FLEMINQTON TRAINING NOTES. By "Wlde-a-Wnke." With a V.R.C. extra meeting on Satur day next staring trainers In the face, additional interest was manifested In ! thu doings mi the various tracks this 1 morning, und one or two good gallops were executed. Knebsworth, looking well, ran along at about hnlf pace over a couple of miles, and Sylvan Prince did similar work. llougomout (Neylon) and Rnrossa (Heuthcote) were popped over a few hurdles, which they negotiated all right. 1'orlsca nnd Palo Alto ran once round tho sand track at ti useful pace. Thcne horses will leave for Sydney towards tin.- latter end of next week. Kcurpht ran a useful mile on tho sand rink. Iai Cigulc bringing thu sour- tempered son of Neckersgnt along over the concluding five furlongs. Disparity rattled over fivu furlongs In capital style, and Pivot. Dungnn, and the rcmnlnder of Harrison's team did steady pacing. Assisted by Plnchla. Tulip and Cam paign got over hulf a mile In 53sec., and Hebron and Tho Hummer ran the same distance In the same time. Lord Richmond seemed td hold Mos cow nnd Royal Master safely at the end of u mllu and a quarter, encom passed In 2min 20soc. Klrldsfnrde, necompnnlcd with Mob- tyn and Sleuvellnk, sturteil off together for a mllu and a quarter gallop. At the end of n mile the latter galloped on to tho heels of one of her companions, nnd fell, giving her rider (Klmon) a nasty spill. The other two went on. und at the conclusion of a mile and a quar ter Moslyn held the Cuulflold Cup favorite at his mercy. Tho Inttor, how ever. I should say, had a tidy bit of weight up. The time occupied In cover ing the Journey was 2mln 20see. Captain Swift and Trenora ran a use ful five furlongs, ns did Count Herltert. Mischief, who now looks well, and goes freely, strode along over it circuit of the sand. Exchange nnd Contempt rattled over hnlf a mllu on the sand track, und us they got over the distance In 52sec, that only shows what a flyer Rank must he, Contempt hadn't a ghost's chance of getting near her at Cauliluld when he met Iter. Mountain Rose Is being sent hack to Tasmania by her trainer, T. Keating, to-morrow. On Saturday morning " Tom," as he Is familiarly called, leaves for Sydney by rail, and he takes with him that.unlueky gelding Fuvar, who. If not too heavily weighted, should win fc. hurdle race or two across tho border. 