BREVITIES. The Haunte* Czar. ITor his Russian Majesty, at any rate, to hear that the ' ghost walks 'must bo the reverse of a pleasurable sensation. Or, to put it in the alliterative phrase so dear to some of our New South Wales rhetoricians, the announcement is more suggestive of dynamite than dncats. ' I tell you,' said a candidate last night, 'there are men in. the Civil Service who haven't brains enough to give them a headache. Political patronage and nepot ism must be stopped.' 'How are you going to do. it?' inquired a voice from the crowd. And the oracle gave no answer. Mr. Begiaald Daly, of the 'Young ?Australian' party, who wears a semi clerical collar, was asfced by a ' heckler ' last night whether he was the R*v. Mr. Daly. ' No,' was the reply ; 'I am not a parson, and I am not a comic singer, although I have been mistaken for both.' After which a resolution in Mr. Daly's favor was put to the meeting, and, four hands being held up, was declared to be carried unanimously. This is how 'con- fidence ' is manufactured. For what parson, by- the-bye, was Mr. Daly mistaken ? Was it for the one in the 'Private Secretary?' As a passenger train was approaching the Gundagai Sailway Station on Wednes day at a very slow rate something went wrong with the points and the engine ran off the rails. It travelled about seventy feet, tearing up the permanent way and displacing the lines before it could he stopped. A Blanket- lending Society has been established in Launceston as a means 'of extending comfort to the poor in the in clement season. A great deal of dissatisfaction exists among the members of the Victoria Defence Force owing to the action of the Government in catting down the pay and allowances of the Naval Brigade, and in the Williamstown Battery of the Garrison Artillery being disbanded. The report of the captain of theHilaria, formally bringing under the notice of the Victorian Marine Board the two fees which occurred on the vessel, was received by the board on Friday. It was decided that the Government be urged to have a special inquiry held. The half-yearly report of the Bank of North Queensland shows that the net profits for the naif -year were .£1736. For the special prizes for five acres of cane given by Bishop Doyle, the Colonial Sugar Refining Company, and the Lismore Agricultural Society, the prizes have been awarded as follows : Thomas M 'Donald and John Burke, both residing at Tucki TucM, equal; William Baillie, of Codring ton, next. At the inquest on the late fire at Wagga on Friday several witnesses were exam ined. Tbe evidence was to the effect that the fire originated in a storeroom of Jeffrey's, the chemist, but there was nothing to show bow it was caused. An open verdict was returned. , The revenue of the Cowra lands office for the past quarter was £2710. Th$ Customs receipts yesterday amoun ted to £6442. Among the donors of the recent charity ball were Tooth and Company, aerated waters, and Miss Goodenough, a quantity of flowers. They were omitted by acci dent from the list supplied to our re porter. The kitchen attached to the residence of Mr. W. A. Manton at Braidwood was burned to the ground on Friday morning. The fire was caused by the servant put ting a box of hot ashes alongside the building, which caught fire during the night. The property was insured for £75. George Robertson, late secretary of the Queensland Club, arrived in Brisbane on Thursday from Albany, in charge of Senior constable King, who was sent down to escort the defendant from Albany, where he was arrested on a charge of embezzling a sum of £Q, the property of the Queens land Club. The accused was remanded till Monday, bail being refused. It iB un derstood that a large sum is miREring. A census recently taken at Casino shows the following number of aliens in the Bichmond and Tweed districts: Kanakas, 300; Hindoos and Afghans, 200; Chinese, 50; Syrians, 9. The Victorian Minister for Lands was questioned yesterday with regard to the threatened exodus of farmers from Vic toria to New South Wales. The Minister stated that the Government intended to take an early opportunity of introducing a bill permitting selection in the mallee country on such reasonable terms that the farmers who contemplated migrating across the Murray would find it worth their while to consider local inducements. The Wollongong coal trade has been brisk during' the week at the different col lieries, all having worked fairly welL The pay received yesterday at Mount Kembla was the best for a considerable time past; that of Mount Keira will be only an ave rage one. Hands %rere taken on at the Harwood Mill, Maclean, yesterday. Those present were 500 in excess of the number required. The cutters have gone out to out thefrost Mlled cane, so as to minimise the loss as much as possible, althongh the area alia -.ted is bo large that the mill could not crush all the damaged sane before it goes sour and becomes useloss. At a meeting at Mildura (Vic.) yes terday it was decided to ask the Vic torian Government to establish direct postal communication between Mel bourne and Mildura at the expiry of tlie mail contract via Swan Hill, ow ing to the manner in which New South Wales liad neglected the in terests of the plaice. . The mail steaaner Rome takes 15 tons of butter to London from Mel bourne to-day. The steamer Ther mopylae, leaving for London on Au gust 3, will ship 60,000 rabbits, 1000 frozen sheep, 12 tons of poultry, and a number of calves. At a meeting last night of the New castle East- Preetrade Association, the following officers were elected for the ensuing year: — President, Mr. EL W. Lee; vice- presidents, Captain D. Wil liams, Dr. W. Nickson, and Dr. H. M. Doyle; hon. secretary, Mr. R. Langer; hoii. : treasurer, Mr. A. Timbury. The election, to. the Newcastle district free trade' executive committee resulted in the appointment of Messrs. D. Miller, T. Smith, D. J. M'Lean, j, Paton, G. 3JVEarp, J. Halgh, and J. Hay. 