LITERArlUJRE AVhat, if anything, can a rational creature who has studied and understood the work of any poot, great, or niiall, from Homer down to Mtsahus, -i-o-ti Lucretius duwa to Martial, from Dante down hi Ivlstnstanio, from Villon down to Voltuire, from Shal'cspocro down to Byron, find to ap;-!:ii-'-', to opnroyoor to con done, in tho work of Winter Whitman? To this very reasonable und invevilable question tho answer iunot far to seek. I have myself repeatedly pointed out — it may bo (I liavo often boon told so) ? with too unqualified sym pathy and too uncritical enthusiasm — tho qu'ili'ies which give a certain touch of great ness to his work, the sources of inspiration which infuse into iU oliaokic jargon eorao passing or sooinintf notes of oosmio beauty, and diversity with something of occasional harmony, tho strident and barren discord of its jarring and erring atoms. His sym pathies are usually generous, his views of life are occasionally just, and his views of death aro invariably noble. In other words he generally means woll, having a god stock on hand of honest emo! ion ; ho somo times sees well, havinsr a natural sensibility to nuch aspects of nature as appeal to an oyo. rathor quick than penotrating ; ho seldom writes woll, being cabined, cribbed, confined, bound in to tho limits of a thoroughly mi natural, imitative, histrionic, and affocted style. Gilbertian humour cannot be affiliated to other forms of humour. Its primary cliarao teristic is, however, conspicuous enough. It proceeds upon an intellectual basis It appeals to tho logical senso. It applies ratiocination, the processes of puro intellect, to regions governed in actual life by instinctivo habit, the will, blind forces of nature The usual outcome of this is what is commonly known as Mr.. Gilbert's ' topsy-turveydom.' That Franco loves her children is shown by the fact that never in art or literature has she made them vulgar. . Neithor in birth noi in infancy have then nurselings been made common with the dulnoss of habitual life. The. childron of Franco hud neither Stcrno nor Dickons on tho watch for the humour of tho natal hour. And tho little girl bus never in Franco worn the tedionsnes.s of tho house, tho street, and the suburbs as she has worn it in England. Nor has she, on the other hand, borno tho burden of tho uhcupc.it of all oroument, as a reudy-mado subject of bad pictures. There is plenty of mediocrity in Franco, as olsewhere. But it has never ab sorbed French childron. As a scionce, Geography points with her magic wand not only to tho terrestrial but to the celestial gtobc. She teaches us to read tho secret of things above and things bolow, of the. movomenTs of tho stars no less than the d irk genesis of sorap. dcop ooean current, of cradle, of the winds, of tho birth of the clouds of tho falling of grateful showers, of tho roaring of the mighty trade winds, of tho thunderous fury of the devastating hurricane; she tells us why tho stagnant pools aro foul, why tho breath of sweet-lipped morn is fragrant, why the morning mists are formed, why the skies aro clear; she lectures to us on the economy of the ocean, tho equipoise of the elements, the ever-surging mutations from polo to pole. A man or womau who lives frugally, who takes tho simple food he wn« made to subsist on and no nmv, who drinks tho one natural iliiid, water, who lives, in regard to eating and drinking, tho natural life, is fitted pri marily for the best life, tho strongest tho most, active, the most endurim,'. Presuming be is born of good and wholesome consti tution, ho is then, except for accidental des tructive agencies iu a lair way to live five times his maturity, that, i-i fivo times twenty ono years, I hi; natural term of his anatomi cal life — one hundred and fivo years — a term few reach, but which is attainable as a matter of natural law and the majority would attain it if thoy lived on proper food und drink. Our forefathers pressed their views, what ever (hey might be, at tho poinr, of tho pike and by tiie persuasive i'orc» of the good vard Hhaft. I'Jiey know what thuy bi-!iex'-;d,' anl they intended tiiar. tho others should know it too. AWil for those who were content, to follow as they were lc-d, and xvhu fureborc to qucsHoi: tho ausylutoxyistlcim of their masters' With us on tho ooairary, everything in pascod through ihu fire of doubt and criticism ; and who would now burn or be burned for a dogma : TJio nwrit. of JignoKtiniNin has dis placed a* wii'in t'.mi opened the door to | possibility ; and the 'May be' on the one side balances ;!ie ' Is it :,?','(' im rlie other. This gives a wi:'lt!r outlook over all the t ra :?!.-? of huinisn tiiou;.'h ; but it. is loss comforting I to tho souls xvhieh need certainty for their J support.— Mrs. Lynn Liutou. ! ? j Contemporary politics have become a Ron i of urgauis'.'d system ci: ' Kooteu' to tho work- ] ing ciai-.ses. it is as purt.-uuiur i'ricuil;- and j humble st-rvunis that suite men aud iioliti ? .?iiiuh (ii all shade.-, and coiners an; now in the habit of founding c:ieir ciiitl' and most ur.c.'ut | chums Im r.h.3 c:t.iii(;di'iic! au-.I appi-ovnl ottlie I puiilic. No w.heiay which pretends to uii v;ir,ce the wt-ii'are of the ivurkin:.: clu'i.-ai, material, ii\te'!iictu:ii, nr mw.i.l, is too ex frai'iig:mt -;r !no ulmv-\ for i-t-spcoff.il wA j Miiijirtthel.ic n!te!!ii..u:. Ii iM-.]«etir.s to --,; ] lulir;: tor irninuid, ;i'-.l-:e.i., thai 'hey arc to b-i | n'::!iril«d ii-i mi i;.wn-ii»!ial ;i.uii'pri\\-,ieu-'!-! ? (Wd.-i- in tliii kimit; tv.l.io jiro to !«.- c.vpreti! ! to ;' uo nothing for '.heiiiTives. Mu'i'.U'.l Uipum-, . it seems to bu ussumi.'!, is l.!m wholo iUity of man ; whou it is accoiiipli.-lieJ, it em.-siuiijmieH tho porionnew from alt the ordinary obliga tions and responsibilities whioh tho reBt of , the community1 aro oompollod to fulfil and endure. — AVorld. Despite the gpiirrnlly aswumod connection between ghosts, pork-pies, and the works of liuch writers as Sheridan Le 'Kami, Miei. does not. determine the form of a dream; other wise, those of us who are often visitcnl by tho visions of Him dark would imp, nfixv on a suhid of roso leaves, now on a well hung griiiiHt-, nnd agnin on foods of grosser fibre. Another man 'will funoy he has solved the riddle whon bo toiys that dreams are picture:* woven on tho tapestry of the night by an un controlled imagination. Tins goes ii step further than the undigested blot -of mustard theory. But how comes it that tho imagina tion lias escaped control? How should it play antics of which its wide awake (.-obrioty is incapable, aud call your other faculties — tho will, tho memory — to join its Boundless re-vclry ? Another man sots down all dreams as Hupcrnatnral, and holds that thoy, liko our selves, arc — no other than a moving row Of magic shadow-shapea, that oomo and go Round with sun illuminated lantern hold In midnight by tho Master of tho Show. That, again, explains without elucidating. In tho present (itsto of our knowledge, wo mufit always hold tho door ajar for tho super natural. Tho youngster who pnaaes half his time in lolling 'at tho bow- window of his club in no longer content to decide small questions : to award tho guerdon of beauty, to givo his opinion on the running at tho Leger, to pro nounce upon what will bo tho noxt sonsntiou of tho buripsqua utaire. Ho may'iitill have the eye of :i connoisseur in female cbnimi;' may decree the fashion of a tie, the shape of a coat, the buttoning or unbuttoning of a glovo. But ho soars far higher ; his mind «i!o);« greater conrjueflta. Ho nspii-es to tacklo literature, science, and tho arts ; he will rule the positions of authors, teek to mitko or mir reputations, evon of the great thinkers and leaders of the world. Although incapable of keen observation he pretends to be a master of niceties ; unablo to reason soundly or logically, having as yot made no pretenco to performance, boforo he can say ' Foci ' bo takes ' Dixi ' as his motto iu life, and is as unhesitating in his fiats as an irresponsible king. His judgments aro as unyielding as they aro inept ; they aro as sweeping as tbo newest, of brooms, as severo ns they aro gonerally unjust. In my earliest days in London thoy pro ducod on tho stage Tennyson's ' Promiso of May.' I was present at that frightful fiasco The pliy wag not a goad ono, but its failure that night was not so much due to its artistic dofectsas to its during troatmont of morals. It presented tho conventional seducer of innoconco not as a ruffian who ought to be kicked, but as a thinker who had ovon some thing to say forbiuisclf. This was? grotesquo to the English public, and thoy howled and howled. I alcno, or almost alono, with my friend Theodore Watts, cheered and cheered. It wasn't1 that wo oared a ha'p'orth fortho scoundrel on tho Btage, but that wo claimed tho right of tie drama to deal with moral questions. That night in my lodgings I xvroto to Tennyson. I meant him to got my lotter with the newspapers noxt morning. 'Tho stago,' ho answered, ' must bo in a very low state indeed, if, as some dramatic critics aro telling us, nono of tho groat moral and social questions of tlw time can bo touohod upon in a modern play.' That was only twelvo years ago, and what havo those twelve years witnessed ? — Hall Caino. 