A True Cltos^ Story. It was not so many years ago that I shipped as seoond mate aboard tbe clipper Tamar, from Glasgow to 'Frisco, with a general oargo. They signed me on at the last moment, the other man having been taken by the police for quad-gamy, as the skipper was pleased to term it. My predecessor appeared to be an admirer of matrimony, but like moBt enthusiasts his zeal carried him to excesses. A proud and happy man I was when I stepped aooard the Tamar at Dunoon, for she WAS a picture of a ship. She was my lucky ship, too; for three years after, when she went into the port of London, I was her master, and from her I got into the company's servioe. I was a gaunt, weedy-looking chap, having had a rough time ashore, and in spite of my fifteen years at sea ana master's certificate, old Wilkins, the skipper, growled when he saw me, " If ever a man was wanted it is aboard this ark, and they've sent me a Scotoh herring-bone." " I hope there is some beef in the harnesscask that'll soon put my weight up, eir," I replied; at which he grunted and waddled into his cabin. My skipper's manners were not attractive, but his appearance was even less so. He wa3 a heavy, flabby, drink-sodden man, and evidently had not recovered from his drawB ashore. At a glance it waB easy to see the Tamar was a bad ship. The crew were a decent-looking lot of ' lads, with a fair sprinkling of tough old shellbacks among them; but there was no go in the crowd. They slunk about with glum faoes, they obeyed an order smartly, but always with a glanoe over their shoulder*. I went furrud and found them too obsequious. The merchant seamen are always independent and manly, and, in spite of their abject appearance, can laugh. These men had been illtreated, certainly not by Wilkins, for a fat drunkard is rarely a bully. This was soon explained when Ranald, the first mate, came on board. Although he hailed from Halifax, N.S., he was a Yankee, and had tyrant stamped on every inch of him. He was a powerful, longarmed man, with a loud voioe, cold grey eyes that neemed to shoot lire from his bronzed face. His wae the face of a handsome redskin, hairless, straight features—expressionless, yet ever alert. Strange as it may seem, he was a gentleman of refined manners, considerable culture, and far more luxurious habits than a seafaring man can usually indulge. Bully is hardly the term for such a man; bat, so masterful was his nature, that he tyrannized over crew, aaptnin, and officers alike. He weloomed me with oourteey, and soon appreciated my seamanship; but when it came to bullying we disagreed. I believe ia allowing men as muoh liberty as may be consistent with discipline, and like to hear a fiddle going and the lads singing furrud on a quiet night. A song as they go round the capstan, a chanty as tbey haul on the rope, and a good hearty laugh as often as possible doesn't cost the owners anything. It's better than having men _ loafing about, growling under their breath like mutineers, as they did on board the Tamar. The only lad with any spirit in him waB an Irish apprentice named Reilly. The chief hated him, and treatedhim with considerable brutality. We had words when I encouraged the men to sing, which terminated by bis refusing to discuss the discipline of his orew with a Scotch sea lawyer. When I pointed out to him that he was not skipper the look he gave me was unpleasant. As the skipper was generally getting drunk, or eleeping off bis drink, I had charge of a watch, so rarely oame in contaot with Ranald when off duty. Now, I'm fond of literature, and upon the rare occasions we met we had some very pleasant chatB together, until one evening a little discussion ended hotly by his refusing to accept a quotation on the authority of an "illiterate Scotchman." Well, I told him that we Scotchmen were the best educated people in the world ; while as for Yankees, I told him What I thought of them. And north of theTwned, gentlemen, we never forget either injury or insult. At last, one evening down in tbe South Atlantic, onr smouldering feud blazed forth. It was my watch, and Ranald was seated in his chair on the poop, smoking a cigar. He was dressed in a siik sleeping suit, with a handkerchief round his throat, and as he lounged there with half-closed eyes the sound of a jcrlly laugh came from a group of men by the galley. "Stop skylarking!" he shouted. It was a little thing, but there was thunder in the air. " Mr. Ranald," I said very distinctly, " when I am in oharge of the deok I'll trouble you to remember that I give orders until relieved or reduced by the captain." Then, strolling to the pooprail, I shouted, " AmuBe yourself, my lad«, within reason, like free- born Englishmen, and remember you're sailing under the British flag, not the Yankee gridiron, which means more stripes than stars for seamen." They say Scotsmen ioke with difficulty ; well that wittioiem cost me dear. The men laughed uneasily, but Ranald sprang from his chair in an instant, rushed into the waitst and knooked the hulking lubbers about like ninepins. Then, with a grim smile, he sauntered up on the poop. I was tingling with rage, and as he passed to his chair, he hustled me. It was enough; one well-direoted blow son him down on the deok. There was a hoars' roar of approval from the men in th e waist. " Silence, you cowardly blackguards,"® cried, when Ranald flow at me like cpantherl and olutohed my throat. I hammered at him furiously, but he shook me a terrier doeB a rat, ana dragged me to the side. 1 was like a ohild in his iron grip, my senses were fast leaving me, as I twisted my hands convulsively in his neckcloth. The ofouds seemed to be falling, the sky was red, and filled with shooting stare. As in r. dream I saw the horror-strioken faces of the men at the wheel, and Reilly, with a hand-spike above hi6 head, creeping up behind us. Half lifting me over the taffrail, he removed bis right hand from my throat and slipped it into the breastpocket of his shirt. I saw the knuckle-duster gleaming on his hand as ho withdrew it, and stepped baok to get room for his blow. At that moment, through the hot, close air, an iov breath of wind Btruok my back and shoulders. I shivered, but Ranald stood frozen. The savacro look of uncontrolled passion on his faoa had given place to one of terror. Waving his hands before him with a beseeching gesture he statrgnred backwards, oarrying me. hanging helplessly on to his neckcloth. Reilly dropped the hand-spike and scrambled under the after gratings. Staesering across the deck I seized it and faced mr enemy. He stood erect and motionless with his arm drawn back as if to strike a blow. The terror was fad'inz from his f<ioe. "Stand back.' he ori«d, trraduallv raising his | voiae, " stand back, Walter, or" ." . . and he I struok out furiously into space. I Then he laughed deliriously, and turning towards me said with a vacant look in his eyes, "Did you notice tbe yonng hoodlum ? I I guess he thought to scare me. Now I reckon ' he just crawled up the side and stood on the taffrail pointing at me. Ha! ha! In the same rig, too, just the same. A jersey and slaoks, only they were white. He was all white, and he stood on the taffrail painting at me." " His voice died away in a whisper as he turned on his heel and sank into his chair. Then every man glanced nervously at his fellow and shuddered. Presently he struck a match, lit a cigar, and glanced at ue uneasily. ' Say, Frazer,' he said, with a pleasant laugh, 'you'll oblige mo by being more careful. When I lose my temper I lose my head, and aooidents happen." "Very possibly," I replied. "Would yon mind taking oharge of her for a few minutes?" " With pleasure." Hastening below, I took my revolver and half a dozen cartridges from -my looker. Standing at his side by tho poop rail I loaded the chambers carefu'lly,then slipping it into my pooket looked steadily at him. He returned my look with a smile. Ths incident was never referred to, but from that evening, like the majority of men aboard, the first mate frequently glanced over his shoulder. Whenever the skipper came on deok he was half sober, and found fault with everybody and everything. It was near the end of the second dogwatch one gloomy evening that he came on to the poop and commenced. Ranald was in charge, and had been shortening sail, so we drew near to hear the fun. "Lot of lubbers! — good enongh for a Yankee. Call that bundle of dirty rag a reef ?—this ain't a laundry !" So he grumbled on until Ranald cried furiously— " Show me what's wrong, you drunken swab, and I'll show you that an American oan right it !" " Drunken swab, eh ?" growled Wilkins as he steadied himself by the rail and cast hi6 eye aloft. "Waal, Mr. Yankee, the weather earring of the mizzentopsail is slack, and I don't oall that togglins;. You oan btillymy crew, but you oan't do things yourself." "Then see if you can sail your own ship!" roared Ranald, and in another moment he was racing up the ratlines. I sauntered aft with young Erioson, to grumble at our drunken skipper and maniac chief. Presently Wilkins growled "Umph! He took a hand to do the work. Aloft there, it doesn't want two to tighten a lashing," he shouted. He was in a condition to eee twenty men instead of one, so I glanced carelessly aloft. Erioson clutched my arm, and we stood thrilled by tbe terror of the unknown. Ranald had descended to the mizzentop, and from behind the masthead the ghost was gliding. It was white from head to foot, and was dressed in a jersey and slaoks. It stood perfectly motionless, pointing at him with its right arm. Startled by the skipper's voioe, the unfortunate man paused. Then, seeing tbe spectre, staggered back with an awful cry. There was a dull thud on the deck, and the mizzentop was empty. "Thedeuced fool,"said the skipper with drunken imbecility. Then he added, with an insano giggle, "anyhow, I owe him Eixty pounds." I rushed to the place where tho man had fallen. Eriosm, a Norseman, respected the wraith. There was the buzz of 6ager voices furrud, and what was suspiciously like a suppressed oheer. The poor fellow groaned as I turned him over. lo was indeed a terrible fate for such a splendid man. His back was broken and hie lower limbs paralysed. It was five minutes before I could get any man to oome near us. At last the cook brought brandy, and a circle of unsympathetic faoes gathered round. He groaned weakly and opened his eyes as Ipoureditdown his throat. " Doa't move me," h9 whispered. " I'll die here all alone. Send those men forward." I hustled the crowd away. "Frazer, Frazer," he cried faintly, "you stand by mo. it won't be for long. He tracked me down at last. It is always BO. I treated him as I was going to treat you that nicrht, and he climbed up the side and on the taffrail pointing at me. It was years ago, and, God knows, I'VB paid for it. Social position, country, family—I lost them all. Come nearer, man. Send all my papers to my brother—he mentioned a name too well known to be repeated—you oan have my kit and oash. Make Wilkins pay that eixty. Now leave me, for I am dying. I'm not afraid of him, or any man, dead or alive; I never was." Alone on the gloomy deck, with the ereat vault of heaven overhead, where the rising wind blew the clouds across the moon, and, striking the sails, fanned him with its cold breath, the murderer died in silence and without a fear. The chief officer lit a fresh oheeroot. and nobody spoke until Fibler was deteoted glancing over his shoulder. " Now, Frazer, own up. Do yon, a Scotsman, who are the best educated people in the world, believe in that ghost ?" "Implicitly, and I'll tell you why. When he went for me that night I say it was the association of ideas bronght his crime suddenly back to his mind, which, being disturbed by passion, distorted his thought into a wraitb." "Most luoid, but as to the second appearance?" "Well, I had special opportunities for judging,"said Frazer with a twinkle in his eyes. " Being the first man furrud I saw the ghost slide down the mizzenstay and scuttle into the fo'-tfstle. He alBO remarked ' Begorra, bhoys, it's dead he is,' whioh is tolerably eood Irish, while Ranald's victim was an American. As a matter of fact, while [ was shouting for help, they were brushing flour off young Shamus Reilly, and pouring brandy down the imp's throat." " And, sir, what did you do to bring that lad to justice?" demanded the Chief Justice. " Well, sir, if a man takes the law into his own hands, he oan't complain if he falls by lawless means. Anyhow, Ranald would not. He had treated that lad brutally, for the Board of Trade and Shipping Aots don't go very far to sea ; so as justice occasionally slumbers I shut my eyes. The only man who was muoh affeoted was Wilkins. The poor besotted oreature got an idea into hia head that he had caused the disaster, and he gave us an anxious three weeks before he bad finished his last drinking bout. After that we were not unduly troubled either by ghosts or spirits aboard the Tamar."—H. IIANDKB, in Weekly Times, 