British and Foreign Bible Society. ANNUAL MEETING. TouE annual msoting of the Newcastle Auxiliary of the British and Foreign Biblo Society took place at the Y.M.C.A. Hall last night. Captain H. Newton occupied the chair, and there was a good attendance. There were on the platform Rove. C. Whyto, W. H. Bealo, D. Fraser, W. F. James, T. A. Gordon, and Mr. J. Reid. The meeting was opened by the singing of the hymn "Forward be our watchword." A Scriptural reading was given by the Rov. O. Whyto, and prayer was offered up by the Rev. T. A. Gordon. The COrRraMun. in his opening remarks, said that the meeting had been called for the purpose of submitting to the subscribers the 35th annual report and balance-sheet, and for the election of oflicers for the ensuing year. He congratulated those friends who took an interest in Bible Society work on the prosperity of the local auxiliary, notwithstahmnding the very trying time the district had passed through, owing to the depression in trade and other causes. The present financial position (although not all that could be desired) was very gratifying, and there was much to be thankful for. The committee was under a deep debt of gratitude to the lady collectors for their untiring efforts in this good work, and the present success may be attributed to their energy. During the year the subject of collecting was a matter of much concern bath to the lady secretary and the oflice bharers, as several districts had been overlooked, owing to the wait of collectors. The Rev. Ohas. Whyte, one of the best friends of the auxiliary, undertook to r?suscitato this branch of the work, and he was pleased to say with success. Since the last annual meeting the secretary (Mr. Thomas Garrett) had been reluctantly compelled to resign owing toill-health. This was to be regretted, as Mr. Garrett was a most elficient officer. Ho trusted that the gentleman would soon be restored to his wonted health. The duties of secretary had since been performed by Rev. Chas. Whyto. Ho then gave a few extracts in connection with the work of the British and Foreign Bible Society taken from the annual report: " The total number of copies of the Holy Scriptures issued since 1904 was 139,550,008, and last year's issue was nearly 4,000,000. Its latest publications had been printed in 320 languages; and of the Engliah penny Testament, since its appearance in July, 1884, to March 31st, 1894, 5,504,315 copies had been circulated. In almost all the conntries of the old world and many of the new colpor tours, over 600 in number, had been em ployed, :rnd 400 Bible women had pursued their sisterly work in the Zsnanas of India and the East. It was almost impossible to form an adequate conception of the amount of work performed by the British and Foreign Bible Society distributing in the midst of nations and tribes of timhe earth without dis tinction of race or creed the Word of God in their native tongue." Rev. C. WHYTE (Congregational) read the thirty-fifth annual report of the auxiliary, which was as follows:--"It is with great thankfulness that we report a slight improve ment in our income this year over the previous 12 months, so that we are able to soud a free contribution to the parent society of £100, instead of £35 last year. Our collectors made a determined effort to enlarge the circle of their subscribers; Mayfield, Waratah, and Merowether, which had lain inoperative for several years being again laid under contri bution. You will see the beonefit of this when we state that so8es of our city collectors have had to report a further falling off in their districts. We can eaousily understand that with existing conditious it requires no small amount of courage and resolution on the part of the ladies again to face the people with their subscription lists, and especially to seek out new subscribers. Your committee are greatly cheered by the evident interest and devotion shown by so many of the lardies in the noble society of which they form a part, and feel it a privilege to be associated with them in their self-denying labours. We are indebted to the Lambton commitiso for the handsome donation of £10, the greater. part of which was collketed just at the end of the year. Almost at the last moment a band of co!lootors was formed, and the promp titude and energy with which they took hold of the work, and carried it through, are worthy of our highest commendation. The amount of £14 10s from Rraymond Terrace for 1893, arrived too late for that year's accounts. A further remittance of £12 ls 5d for 1894 has reached us in good ti. t; from our faithful supporters there, aid we desire to ex press to them our heartiest thalnks. Lastyeaf's saies at our dopot reaca nearly to those of the former yiar beoing £16 Os Gd, for 217 Bibles and 661 Testaments. Our stock of Bibles and Testaments at present in thb depot is worth £33 9s 0.d, to which will shortly be added 500 penny and 400 fourposny, tcetaments. In the course of last year the Atistialnsian auxiliaries ware visited by a deputation from the parent society, consist lug of the Rto'. R. B. Do Wolfe and Mr. J. J. Neave, and your committee ohad the oppor tunity of meeting and conferring with them on their visit to Newcastle in Augu.t. A publio meeting was also held in St. Androw's School hall. The object of the deputation was to inquire into the condition of the various auxiliaries in these lands, and report to the general committee with the view if possible of reducing worlking expenses. We regret that our secretary, Mr. T. Garrott, has found it necessary owing to very serious ill.ess to resign his position. He has served us faithfully and well, and it is proposed to nominate him as one of our vice-presidents, Referring to the last report of the parent scoioety, we are pleased to note that while the expenditure was £222,135 178 5d, the income reached the splendid sum of £232,008 10s 3d, thus leaving a surplus of nearly £10,000. Of our Australasian colonies, New Zealand takes the lead in the amount of free con tribulions, South Australia coming second, and Now South Wales third. If Nowoastlo had boon able to send as much last year as it is sending this Now South Wales would have led by £45. We eloeo by expressing a hope that our now year may be a prosperous one, and that with God's blessing on oor hearty and willing efforts we may come back next year with a cheering report." The financial statement was road by Mir. Jon~ RoID, and showed that the income amounted to .151 12s 4d, and expenditure to £120 18s Id. The latter included the sum of £100 sent to the parent society. There was still a balance to the auxiliary of £20 14s 3d. Rev. W. H. BEALIE moved the first reso lution, which was a follows :-" That we rejoice to hear of the proeperity of the parent society, and resolve that the report and financial statement now road, be adopted, printed, and ciroulated under the direction of the committeo." In doing so, he congratu lated all present upon the interest shown in the welfare of the Newcastle Auxiliary. It was undonominational, as all had , warmt interest in defenco of the gospel. It wae also denominational in one way, for the church he represented had received great help from the Bib'o Society. Ho was pleased of the oppor tinity to express the deep sense c of bligation his church was under, especially in the missionary work, to the Bitle Society. Mr. M'MttctAeL seconded the resolution, which was carried unanimously. The Rev. DONALD Fnneson moved, " That the thanks of the meeting be given to the lady collectors anrd members of committee." HIo said the resolution had only to bhe read to be carried uniiimnou ly. It required fow words to oommeond it. Tho lady collectors and everyone connected with the society were engaged in one of the greatest missiionary enterprises of the day, arnd the " Well done " of the Lord aud ?Milster Helimelf would be their greatest reward. At huch a meeting their thoughts circled round the Graud Old Book. At Pentecost, at the Baptism of the Infant Church, each one heard in his own tongue the wonderful works of God. By the spirits working through the society, if 300 representatives of different tongues were in that hall they could supply osch of them with the Bible in his own tongue. The roll of the printing press was never silent that sent it forth on its mission of peace. In the late Soudan trouble a mule was sent into the interior with a load of Bibles. That mule was no ass. The sooner men took to sonding loads of that kind into the utter most parts of the earth, the sooner would peace and goodwill among men prevail. The enomies of God's Word were still legion, but when the Bible or the Gospel according to the Georman Iationalists did appear, the sosiety was not likely to take it up. It would not bo worth the reprinting. ' h hh igher critics had been called, and aptly so, " birds of prey who sit on us while they devour us but they could be left alone, as they would become cannibals and devour one another. The Bible was as the burning bush. It musst be approached with reverence. God told Moses to approach only so far as to worship, to hear and to learn. I?Id no gone forth knife in hand to pruneuu and tear up by the roots it would lhavo remained a bush, but no longer a burning bush. Approach the Bible with reverence, and every page was aglow, atflame, alight, illumined by the Holy Ghost. Approach with scalpel in hand to back and out mnd it became a book like any other book and nothing more. Mr. It. M.uonK seconded the resolution, which was carried unanimously. ELrCTION OF OFFICERS. On the motion of the Rev. W. F. JxrEs (Church of England), and seconded by Mr. D. J. JONES, the following ofIico-bearers and committee were elocted for the ensuing year, viz.: President, Captain H. Newton; vice presidents, Rev. W. Bain, Rev. T. A. Gordon, Rev. Chas. Whyto. M.A., Captain W. F. Weathorill, and Mr. T. Garrott; treasurer, Mr. John Reid: committeo, Messrs. R. Hall, John Hay, F. Asher, D. M'Michael, R. Bryant, T. Jones, G. Mun oastor, U. Marks, R. Morison, J. W. Scott, W. Barkley, and J. Breckonridgo. Votes of thanks were accorded to Mr. Cane for presiding at the organ, the Y.M.C.A. for the usao of the hUll, the chairman and press, and the meeting was closed by singing the Doxology. 