THE LAST FIGHT I]ST ARMOUR, The constant attempts which, arc being made hi our day to fiinlpro tection for im-n ag*iinst the ilea<Iiy modern rifles lend interest to the account of what was probably the last appearance in the field of the. men in armour. In January. 1799, a party of some 400 French held the town of Aquila, Jn the Am bruzzo; a town defended by walls, and having a small weak fort' Al though the inhabitants of the town were well, disposed towards the French, the peasantry, as in Spain, were most hostile, and when Cham pionriet,With'most of the French forces at Rome, .had marched on Naples, they at once rose in insur rection, and attacked the party holding Aquila. On the 15th Jan. the insurgents suddenly penetrated into the town, though they were sobn driven out again, but in March they got parties into the town, dur ing.the night, and drove the French into the fort. The band of peasants, united for the attack amounted to some 10,000 or 12,000 men; and, barricading the streets, and making loopholes in the walls of the houses; they soon made a line of defence which the French "could not pene trate. On the other hand, work as the insurgents might, they had no artillery, and the guns pf the fort prevented any assault. ThUs, se cure-behind their, walls, the garrison remained for some time in quiet. On the glacis in frbnt of the fort, and-deposed to the fire of both sides, lay 12 iron guns on skidding, or -pieces of wood, which the French had not had time to bring into the fort. Without carriages they seemed safe, and the only precau tion taken was to keep two of the guns of the fort, loaded with grape, laid on them during each night, with a gunner ready to fire on hearing the noise any attempt to move the piece would occasion. One. night, the gunner on guard, hearing a noise near the guns, fired .j one of his pieces, but the sound continued. The officer of the ar tillery ran to the spot, and again fired ; yet still the sound did not cease, though it seemed to.get fur ther off. Nothing could be done but to" wait for daylight, and then it was seen that the insurgents had placed a capstan in. a house near the guns, and then had led a rope from it to make fast to the breech and to the trunnions'of one of the coveted guns on the glacis. Round went the capstan, and the gun obeyed the rope at first, but its breech, dragging along the ground without rollers under it; soon made a furrow wbich became so deep as to stop its movement after the in surgents had goj; it some 10 paces nearer them. It was a clever trick, but done by a man not learned in artillery matters, for had the gun been arranged for parbuckling (ie., rolling) the work should have been easy enough. However, the French, looking anxiously over their para pets, were as much puzzled what to do as the besiegers. First, they turhed their guns on the house to Which the rope passed, and when they had smashed Its wall, they saw the capstan: had been placed in a cellar, and that for the present at least the fallen wall made it useless. What next ? \- A great part of the life of an ar tillery officer is spent in making or 1 in checking inventories of the J stores in the magazines in his j charges, a large proportion of j which are generally obsolete odd ities, most useful to some former generation whose wars have long been ended, but becoming more formidable puzzles to succeeding 'military generations each year they lie in store. Boulart, the officer of artillery, ransacking his brains for the means of sending out men to spike the guns on the glacis, under the fire of the insurgents from the neighbouring houses, suddenly re membered he had seen in his maga zines some suite of .plate armour, and he proposed to try whether, protected by them, men. could not sally out and Work in security under musketry fire. He . got to gether In complete suits and dressed out 12 gunners and grenadiers, thus selecting big men, be it remarked. At a certain hour the garrison lined the covered way, and. from thence and from the fort opened a steady fire of musketry and of artillery on the lines of the insurgents. Then ont marched the 12 knights of the 18th century, much in David's state of mind when he complained he had not proved bis armour. The men carried handspikes, hammers, and spikes. Moving naturally, slowly, awkwardly, in their heavy steel mail, still they succeeded in completing their work under a bail of bullets from the insurgents. ' The scene is described, as we can well believe, to have been most re markable, and to have had some thing picturesque and also diaboli cal about it. As the mailed figures moved in silence amongst the guns, their handspikes looking like maces, their silence, aqd the slowness of their action seemed unnatural under the Bteady hail of bullets; The in surgents were believed to have thought hell itself had sent forth these extraordinary antagonists, ghosts of a past- age, while the French on the ramparts, true to their'" nature, the tirst moment of anxiety 'over, burst into roars of laughter. . ' \- Not only did the uien succeed in spiking the guns, but - they even went as far as the house where the capstan had , been placed, cut the rope and brought-it Jnto. the fort." Then they.returned in triumph, For though they had been struck many times, yet only one tijan had been wounded Bis arm, and that be cause the piece of the armour, the, brassart, which should have pro1 tecfed the -limb, had .-been wrongly fastened and had' fallen o3. -Aiter this, the siege, became a mere block ade until the 23rd March when a relieving force arrived, and the-in surgents, taken between them and , the garrison, were driven off with heavy loss. 