The Archbishop of Brisbane. Although this is his hrst visit to Central Queensland, Dr. Dunne, the Archbishop of Brisbane, is a well-known ecclesiastic in the Southern diocese, where he is well liked for his many lovable qualities. Unlike many of his brethren Dr. Dunne takes a deep keen interest in public matters, and an oimos oocn nis voioe ana his pen are raised— particularly over the mnoh vexed question of tbe religions education of the young. Dr. Dunne is a native of Tipperary, having been born near Clonmel, in 1833. At an early age he embraced the Chnrcb, and having reosived a preliminary education at tbe Grammar school, Lismore, he continued his ecclesiasti cal studies at the Papal city, Rome, attaoh- ing himself to the Irish College in that city. Alter a brilliant career for a student at the ageof 22 he was ordained a prieao-'1s.-.t>» Archdiocese of Dublin. He was ag' \ a Professor in the Seminary of s&ULL-;' ' rence O'Toole, one of the colleges of the Catholic University of Dublin. The Presi dent of this Seminary, Bishop O'Qninn, afterwards became the first Bishop of Brisbane in 1859, and four yearB after the establishment of the diocese, Dr. Dunne oaoio to the colony and attached himself thereto. For five years he labored in Brisbane, and in 1868 ho was appointed parish priest at Toowoomba. In 1889 he was oreated a Doctor of Divinity by ' a brief of Rome. Tbe post at Toowooinba he filled till 1881, when he visited Europe, returning at the close of the year to find that be bad been appointed Bishop of the Roman Catholic See of Brisbane, rendered vacant by the death of Dr. O'Quinn. Dr. Dunne was consecrated Bishop of Brisbane by the late Arohbishop Vaughan in St. Stephen's Cathedral, Brisbane, on Juno 18, 1882, and by Papal brief Archbishop of Brisbane in 1887\. In 1890 he paid a visit to Rome, returning the following year. Dr. Dunne rendered considerable service as a member of the Queensland University Royal Com mission in 1891. Thn Richnn n< \- "" UA nui>Micui|llllll. The Right Rev John Cani, D.D„ LL.D., Bishop of Rookhampton — whose diocese includes the whole of the western country — is a native of the Province of Cologna, Italy, where he was born in 1836. He studied in the schools of his native province, and afterwards went to Sapienza, the famous Roman University. On tbe completion of hiB course there be was honored with the degree of Doctor of Divinity and Doctor of Laws. He was ordained a priest when 23 years of age, and soon afterwards, accom panied to Brisbane the Right Rev Dr O Quinn when the latter was appointed Bishop of the newly erected Sou. Soon after his arrival he waB appointed parish prio»t at Warwick, which he held until ISoS, when he took over oharge of the parish of Brisbane. In 1878 Dr Cani was appointed pro-Vicar Apostolic of Northern Qusen.-- land; but after tbe death of Bishop O'Quinn the former diocese of Brisbane was divided into two dioceses— those Brisbane and Rookhampton. Dv Citi ma appointed by Papal brief Bishop of lb latter diooese, and was consecrated in 83. Mary's Cathedral, Sydney, bv ch# b:q Archbishop Vaughan on May 2i\ ISS3. The Rev Dean Muriay. Many men when they leave a city . tU8y nave been oonzseoCud tvn- leave behind them more pocfrnitit hw- frienda ; the Bev Dean Mutiny in c-'-i.THv-y- not one of these. In is only a short sketch of on<i associated with che CaHi.mW Dean Murley should Morlay was bora i»t 'T„ in 1834, andordainoii he noted aa Chapiiun sp tfAw...,. Holy Ghost. Dc G'QiuaSi :o«. -w - of Brisbane, mufc Uim >,> Hi --v- - . Queensland, ami oitiutvu Dean, whom ho «o>u> to „s - | us, Ireland. 1>»ru 1 " 186U, ami «hortb i _ Bodihamptoa. vr?-. , v wore no CathcUv i in existouao: „ " ::: fonnuonuiu .. . OhurnCt in . inent of " "" 'hsir :V ttfhS, -f '-v.. in Symtxr, -. itiMrAsusr- '-ck, , ' :: y - -" l x -v. ir u. ,uj_ .. , j." a 'art . rSirSr- '' rr;-v : ' f .. ,,J. - . . . " a . :. w /r-3 nj- (i "" "fl , ae:headquattora. There he built tho fine Catholic Church, which still exists, but, being recalled two years afterwards, he' h8 remained in the Rockhampton district , ever since, devoting his time to the ad- -vao, cement of the Church in Central Queensland. Tho Rev Father Belton, The Rev Father Thomas Frank Belton, O.R.L., is a member of one of the V . Catholic families ot England He was born in London and educated at Stoneybur College, in the north of England; made hiu theological studies in. England and Rome ; and entered the Order of Jjhe Canons Regular of Laterals in 1881. Ht"as ordiiued shortly afterwards by the figrable Bishop Yaugban, of Plymouth, DJjyiae diocese there are several houses of %piOrder. Father Belton oamo to ' Qnrand seme years ago, and was Rational in Brisbane, but left there soon after the disastrous floods of 1893, and paid a visit to England. In London he succeeded in establishing the Monastery of the Order to which he belongB ; but, princi pally on account of his delicate constitu tion he again found it advisable to live in a warmer climate, and he selected Central Queensland as his sphere of labor. Father Helton is a musical enthusiast ; the whole of the elaborate musical ceremony atten dant on the present serviees are due to his energetic endeavors; audi the choir of the Roman Catholic Church will receive special attention during the reverend gentleman's connection with the Church. \ Additional Assistance. The other priestB who took part in the ceremony were the Rev An gusto Lori- I»uu juiuau IUC If icuese Ol J&OCKu;&mp-; ton two years ago, coming here direct from Rome, and the Rev S. Matshner, S.J., who Ib in Rockhampton at the present time from South Australia. 