ADJJliESS TO THE ELECTORS. SIR JENKIN COLES, M.P., AT KAPUNDA. Sir JenVin Coles, M.P. (Speaker of the House of Assembly and senior representa tive of the District of Light) addressed the electors at the Institute Hall, Kapunda, on Friday evening. The night was dark I and stormy, which prevented very many j farmers and others residing out of the , town from coming in, but, notwithstanding, I there was a large attendance, the hall being j comfortably filled. His Worship the ! Mayor (Mr. W. Thomas, J.P.) occupied the chair, and, in opening the meeting-, 6aid he supposed that iu no time in the history of South Australia had the people taken such an interest in politics as at the present. The debates in the Houses were now read far more extensively than before. Sir Jenkin Coles's action in the House had been criticised on several occasions, and no doubt that evening he would explain his position satisfactorily. _Sie Jenxin Comes, (received with cheers) s&id;:—I thank you for the reception that you have given me to-night. - I do not think there is anything more gratifying to a representative than to know that although some of his constituents may differ with him politically they entertain for him feel jogs of esteem and respect. This is the first time you have asked me to address you during recess; but having regard to the present and future position of South Ans- , tralia, financially and otherwise, I am not surprised that you have thought it desirable to ask me to express my opinion on the , legislation of last session and the prospects , of the futnre. I am not here as a party politician for the purpose of either con demning or supporting the Ministry or the Opposition. I feel that the members of the Government are beyond all question able men, who are honestly anxious to do the best they can for the country. At the same , time T disagree with many of their pro posals, and it is for the purpose of explain ing iu what respect X differ from them, and in compliance with the request I received from this part of the district, that I address you to-night. EArLWAT COMMISSIONEKSHIP. But ihere is a personal matter to which I must first refer. The rumor has been pretty freely circulated in Kapunda and alsewhere that X was not only an applicant for, but that there was a probability of my being appointed to, the position of Chair man of the Railway Board. I assuie you there is not one atom of truth in the sug gestion. (Cheers.) I never thought of aUeh a thing. I would not accept the posi tion if it were offered to me to-morrow, and • have no desire or intention of severing my connection with the District of Light 1 until death or dismissal necessitates it. (Chees.) I ask you to accept that state ment, and to pay no attention whatever to tattle ^ of this character, no matter from whom it comes. _ ADULT StTPIEAQE BILL. I ; Referring to some of the most important ! ■ measures passed last session, I do not think : iny measure submitted to the Legislature last year is of greater importance than the iault Suffrage Bill. Ever since I have had i the honour of being your representative I : □ave opposed the extension of the franchise < to women for reasons which I have from ! iime to time explained. (Cheers.) A < celebrated mail, whose name X do not i now remember, once said, "Commend me . ^f°man who goes wrong1 in a way that is his own rather than to him who walks < correctly in a way that is not." I may have seen wrong, but I believe I was right in apposing the Woman's Franchise BUI, at all ; events until the men and women of this ; colony had had the question put directly to i them " Do you wish the franchise extended « to women P"—(cheers) —and therefore when : Mr. Grainger moved a motion to that effect ■ [ supported him. However, the Bill has passed, and I earnestly ask every woman not only to see that her name is placed on 1 the electoral roll, but to exercise the right that has been conferred upon her." I ; noticed in both the daily papers a short bimt since a paragraph suggesting that the wives of naturalized Germans should apply for letters of naturalization. The inference is that if they do not apply and are not naturalized they cannot claim enrolment as voters. Any such inference is entirely wrong. There is no necessity whatever for blie wife of any naturalized German to become naturalized herself, for the naturali zation of the husband carries with it the naturalization of the wife. I make that statement on the authority of a very promi nent member of the legal profession, who says, " I confess that I am surprised at the suggestion in both papers this morning that the wives of naturalized Germans should also apply for letters of naturaliza tion. I do not hesitate to assert that the Aliens Act is altogether inapplicable to the naturalization of married women. The con text of the .Act, the petition, and the prin cipip.s of international law are all against such an interpretation/' This opinion is endorsed by every other gentleman of the legal profession whom I have consulted. Under any circumstances let every woman at least apply to have her name placed on the roll, and let the responsibility of reject ing her rest with the" returnzng- officer. (Cheers.) taxation. In connection with the Taxation Act Amendment Bill I have been accused of voting for the increased or progressive land tax, as it is called, but there is not an atom of truth in the accusation, All Bills relat ing to taxation must be founded upon certain resolutions in Committee, and because I did not choose to vote against the preliminary resolutions, and thus prevent the Government from bringing in a Bill with a very considerable portion of which I agreed, I was accused of not voting at all and thus disfranchising my district." Bnt when the Bill is before Parliament—and that is the time when you have to say yea or nay-—I opposed, as I said I would, anv and every increase in the land tax. The Bill provided for .—l. An additional land tax of one half-penny for every pound sterling exceeding the amount of <£5,000 of the total assessed unimproved value of all land owned by any party. 2. An absentee land tax of 20 per centum on and added to the amount of land tax and additional land tax payable in respect of land owned by absentees. 3. Income tax at the following rates, in lieu of the rates of income tax heretofore in force:—(a) On all the income derived from personal exertion at the rate of 4i<L for every pound sterling of the tax able amouut- thei-eof, up to and inclusive of the sum of ^£S00, and at the rate of (id. for every pound sterling of such amount above the said sum of .£800. (b) On all income consisting of the produce of prop3rt3T at the rate of 9d. for every pound sterling of the taxable amount thereof, up to and inclusive of the sum of £S00t and at the rate of Is. for every pound sterling of such amounts above the said sum of <£800. Not half a dozen people in the whole of Light would be affected by this halfpenny in the pound increase in the land tax, because it. applies to land exceeding .£5.000 in value. I do not regret the vote I gave on the absentee tax, which I faid at the last elections I would support. Ponple talk nonsense when they say we are joinfc' to drive capital out of the colony as the result of this absentee tax. The total sum which the Government expect to get is only .£5.000 a year, and if that is to be the slender thread upon which the prosperity of South Australia hangs the sooner the thread is broken the better. I told you at the elections that I was decidedly in favor of an increased income tax in the event of there being any necessity for increased taxation. I have always looked upon the income tax as one of the fairest taxes imaginable. The records of " Hansard" will show that I have not broken any pledge given on the hustings. (Cheers.) the~conciliation ACf." - As to the Conciliation Bill, all honour is due to the author, the Hon.C. C. Kingston, for his honest attempt to bring about con ciliation and prevent the possibility of strikes with their attendant horrors. (Cheers.) But if the Conciliation Act is to be interpreted to mean that a man who finds himself unable to pay a certain rate of wage, and informs his employes accord ingly, is to be liafele to be summoned to the Supreme Court and have an investigation of his private affairs made known to the world, the sooner that Act is amended in that respect the better. (Cheers.) While every - one would do everything he possibly could to settle differences between employers and employes few would place a man or any body of men in the posi tion referred to. I was very glad to notice that the Conciliation Board in connection with Mr. Dowie's dispute adopted a most conciliatory course — that although it «_ appears they had the power to compel Mr. Dowie's appearance before them and examine him and his books they did not exercise it; but if they have such a power —and it seems, according to what has transpired recently, they have—the Bill must be amended. I have always held that the cost of government in this colony is altogether too great, and I say so still. Under the Public Salaries Bill the salaries of public servants have been very materially reduced, and to the credit of all be it said they have consented to the reduction with out a murmur. THE LAKE BONNET SCHEME. As to the Lake Bonney settlement scheme, my old friend Mr. Glynn took very active steps when in Parliament towards utiliza tion of the waters of Lake Bonney, and so far as I was able I assisted him. I do not hesitate to say that had Mr. Glynn's pro posal been given effect to a large population would be at this time at work oil the shores of Lake Bonney. (Cheers.) The Govern ment introduced an entirely different scheme, and'while I did not think it likely to be successful I was hopeful that it might be. There are to be a certain number of paying settlers, who must deposit a sum before the Government start the work. That is a proper precaution to take, but I at once saw that it was going to be the stumbling-block, because my experience has taught me that so long as the Govern ment are "willing to find money for everything and everybody the people interested are satisfied, but as soon as people are asked to put down anything themselves objection is raised. (Laughter.) E hope the work will not be begun nntil some guarantee is given that those engaged in it will stick to it and carry it to a, successful issue, and I see no better way of obtaining this guarantee than by asking For a deposit. If that deposit is not forth coming the scheme, so far as I am concerned, must fall through. I do not abandon hope of a settlement being formed at Lake Bonney, but it must be on lines altogether different to those suggested-in the Act. EEcrpEocrrr. As to the proposed reciprocity treaty with New Zealand for the exchange of natural products, I find amongst my constituents there is very considerable difference of opinion as to whether this treaty should be ratified by Parliament; but I am disposed to think that the majority are of opinion that a treaty of this kind would impede the possibility of intercolonial free trade. They feel it is scarcely fair that the growers of wine and dried fruits should be singled out for special advantage and that the growers of barely should be crushed as the result of it. At present, therefore, I am not prepared to say what course I shall adopt when Parliament meets, but whatever the South Australian Parliament may do 1 do not think there is a ghost of a chance ot the New Zealand Parliament agreeing to it. The New Zealand Herald writes :— " Our Australian contemporaries continue to agitate themselves greatly over the com mercial reciprocity treaty - between New Zealand and South Australia, which Mr. Ward was able to fix up with Mr. Kingston before his departure for London. But we cannot help thinking they are exercising themselves unnecessarily. The 'treaty'— it is a misnomer to designate it as such, but it is not worth while quibbinc over verbal niceties—has no more chance of being ratified by the Parliament of New Zealand than Mr. "Ward has of becoming Chancellor of the Exchequer; indeed, not so much, for all things are possible to youth and audacity. It has failed to raise the faintest flutter of a popular breeze. In truth we lrnow of no proposal emanating from our eminently proposing Government which has fallen with such flatness. Neither in the North Island, which does not benefit by the sug gested arrangement, nor in the South Island, which does to some small extent, has it been received with favor. It isevery where regarded as a foolish and vain thing, and has been quietly dropped into inter planetary space by the Press and politicians, and nothing more is likely to be heard of it until it receives its final quietus in Parlia ment. Our journalistic brethren of Mel bourne may therefore take heart of grace and go ou their way rejoicing." Jf thl'.t is the view in New Zealand there is not much use of our bothering ourselves about it. (Hear, hear.) PASTOBAL. First amongst the Bills that were intro duced last session but did not become law is the Pastoral Bill, which I lock upon as one of the most important measures intro duced by the Government last session. I felt it my duty to oppose that portion of the Bill which indiscriminately included the country known as the 1SS8 lease country. It was proposed to allow holders of this country to surrender their leases with a view to obtaining certain concessions, and I moved the amendment, which was accepted by the Government and carried— •' That no surrender notice shall be of any effect unless (1) the same shall be received by the Commissioner before the 1st June, 1895; and unless (2) the Commissioner shall within three months after the receipt of the sur render notice direct the valuation pursuant to section 15; and (3) until two months shall have elapsed after particulars of the surrender notice, showing the reason there for, together with a copy of the valuation provided l'-y section 16, and particulars of all amounts paid by the Crown for improve ments on the land affected shall have beeT. laid before both Houses of Parliament with ! out either House passing a resolution diF approving of the proposed surrender." do not wish it for one moment to oe thougl. | that I a:n in any s?nse of the word antagot i iftic to the pastoral Interest. I am pe. feetly willing, as I always have been, to s;iv- them anything to which they ar«s tairly <tnd justiy entitled. Indeed, I hat t -ned to be tbe Commissioner .of Crown i r-^ads who in 1884 introduced. and j was successful in carrying through Parlia- 1 ment, the Pastoral Lands Act, which I think tvhs about the most liberal on tho face of the earth. But there is a limit beyond which State liberality cannot go, aii'l.sofaras pastoral matters are concerned, that limit was reached in tbe Act to which I have alluded; and it was because I felt this, and because I felt that before any further concessions were granted to the gentlemen to whom so much had already been given Parliament and the pabhc : should know what was being done. (Cheers.) | The pastoral question is not a generally attractive one. Few have the leisure, and fewer still the inclination, to make a study of it, and it is for tbe purpose of making my I position on the question better understood i that I purpose going at some length into j the subject Before 1851 pastoral licences ■were issued, but in 1851 pastoral leases j were granted, and tinder tbe Act then ' passed about 16,300 square miles were let at an average rental of lis. 6d. per mile. It was not long before an agitation was raisedforeoncessions from the Government. X hare taken the trouble—to me it has been an interesting task—daring tbe last few days to -wade through every Act of Parliament dealing with pastoral lands since 185L As the result of the agitation subsequent to 1851 Parliament passed in 1S53 an Act altering the conditions of pastoral leases in favor of tbose who held them. In 1857 another Bill was passed. In 1858 two Acts were passed in the same session. In 1862 another Bill became law, and in 1864, 1865, and 1866 Acts were passed, all with a view to granting con cessions or remissions to pastoralists. In 3866 a Semissidn of Rente Act was passed, granting certain remissions to pastoralists according to the class of country which j they held, and if anything is to be done at ; present with the view of assisting those who i really deserve relief some sucb measure as ] tbe Remission of Bents Act might be intro duced. From 1866 to 1870Acts were passed granting further concessions. In 1867 among: other things leases in Class C were renewed for twenty-one years, and these leases falling due in 1888 formed poition of the country known as the 1888 leases. In 1872, 1877, and 1878—in each year fresh legislation was introduced, so that there is really no ground for accusing the Legisla ture of \rant of sympathy with the pastoral interest I admit that many of the Bills Parliament passed did not fulfil the expecta tions of those who introduced them—one can always be wise after tbe event—but during the time mentioned sixteen or seventeen Acts of Parliament were passed with a view to granting concessions or remissions to pastoral lessees; indeed, tbe history of pastoral legislation shows one series of concessions and remissions. I do not say that they were not required, nor that the pastoralists received more than they deserved, but I do say that Parlia ment has had and always will have the desire to assist the pastoral industry so far as it reasonably can. These sixteen or seventeen Acts culminated in the Act intro duced by myself in 1884 as a member of the Colton Government. Under the 1884 Act pastoral lands were divided into three classes. Class 1 was the country leases of which expired in 18S8, no very material alteration being made in the conditions nadrv which the land was held. They w. :rf entitled under the existing leases to be paid for water improvements, in oases Trhere the country had been resumed. In Class 2 country, that is the conntry leased outside of Class 1, ire granted payments for all improvements in addition to com pensation if the country was resumed prior to the expiry of the lease, so that pastoral ists could not possibly lose anything. In Class 3, that is country at that time unlet, -we gave them a thirty-five years' lease at a rental of 2s. 6cL a square mile for the first fourteen years, and a, valuation for emery subsequent seven years. We agreed to pay them for every penny tbey laid ont on their runs in tbe way of improvements, and compensation for tbe loss of the lease if the country were resumed. Do yon. think it is possible for liberality to go. farther than that? ("Too far.") It may have been, but it is utterly impossible for liberality to go further. ("It was a squatters' Government then.") 1 do not see bow you could ca.ll my friend, tbe Hon. Thomas Playford, a member of ja, squatters' Government, for it was said hie antipathy oozed ont of every pore of bis skin—(laughter)—nor do I know that you could say my respected friend Sir John Colton was a member of a squatters' Govern ment; nor how it could be said I was. If people would not take up country on such terms as I have mentioned, what terms nnder heaven would induce them? ("Give it to them for nothing") Then they would not take it np. With the present price of -wool I question if any one if they had the land for nothing would take it up. It is indeed difficult to say what business or occupation pays just now. I am glad to »><■ my friend the Hon. John Warren present, because when I have anything to say about any one I always like to say it in the hearing of the person straight out. Mr. Warren asks me to explain why this JR54 Bill was introduced, and why the Government of which I was a member Tested that the Government shonld pay for improvements instead of the incoming tenant. The Bill of 1884 was introduced as the result of the agitation that was got up at that particular time and previous to it, the agitation culminating in a petition signed by 558 persons, pastoralists and others, and presented to Parliament. The petition said that unless further conces sions were granted the pastoral industry would suiter disaster, and the country would be practically deserted. I have a copy of the petition here, and do not wish to say one word that I cannot, I think, substantiate, because I have found the longer a man is in public life the more careful he has to be of his utterances. (Laughter.) The petition auiongst other things says—" There are pastoral lands not far distantwhich have been held for a longer time, and which the occupiers have ceased improving years ago because of the insecurity of tenure, and will uot now improve because of the nearness of expiry of their leases, but which, if largely improved at considerable expense, would become very valuable to the State." I thought the same then, and Ido not know that I have altered my opinion in that respect. Another clause of the petition says—"There are other special reasons for this stagnation in pas toral pursuits, and it xs not caused only by the difficulties attendant -upon opening up the country; and your memorialists believe that liberal legislation, giving increased security of tenure, with compensation for all substantial improvements, will impart confidence to the lessees of Crown lands, and encourage them to proceed vigorously in the development of the land, and that it will induce others to occupy country which otherwise will remain as it is at the present, yielding nothing." Another section of the memorial says:—" If the improvements or stocking be not carried ont the lease to be forfeited and offered at public auction. Original lessee to be allowed to compete again. Permanent improvements to be valued and paid for by incoming and allowed to outgoing lessee." It is also stated "infixing valuation as to rental, or compensation for improvements, or loss of lease, Government to appoint a valuator; lessee to have the right of doing the same; and in the event of their being onable to agree, then to be referred to the Judge of the Supreme Court." The deputation pre senting the memorial first waited upon my predecessor in office (Mr. Cat*), who went out of office shortly afterwards. Then the Colton Government came into power, and with the exception of one or two things the Bill of 1884 embodied all thatthe 558 people —among them were some of our prominent pastoralists—asked for. We did not allow improvements to be paid for by the incoming lessee and allowed to the outgoing lessee, nor did we allow the Judge of the Supreme Court to interfere in the fixing of Crown rents, because it was very properly felt that the Crown was quite •capable of managing its own business. The landlorddid not ask any one else to fix the rent, and that is the precise position which the Government took at that time- The Bill was introduced at the request of the pastoralists themselves, and passed through the Legislative Council without a murmur from one of them. As to Mr. Warren's second question, if the State had insisted upon the incoming tenant paying for improvements, which amounted in these 1888 lands to over a million of money, it would have meant the lands practically remaining for ever in the hands of the then lessees on any terms they thought proper, because who in South Australia outside those who occupied the country were in a position to put down j£500,000 cash for the purpose of taking up these lands ? I can not do butter than quote the reason given by the Hon. B. C. Baker as to why the Government took the positiou they did. This respected gentleman, whois now Presi dent of the Legislative Council, said—"It would mean giving the present tenants an absolute monopoly of their leases on their own terms." Surely Mr. Warren would admit Mr. Baker's opinion carried weight. There was no possibility of there being any bid for the leases if we insisted upon the incoming men potting down in the aggre gate .£500.000. We borrowed the money at 3£ percent., and charged the tenants 5 per cent, interest on the value of the improve ments, so that after all it was not such a bad bargain for the State. The improve ments depreciated, but it gave the people who had not large capital an opportunity to get a portion of the country which had been in the hands of some oi the then holders for thirty-six years. My principal objection to the Pastoral Bill of last year was the indiscriminate inclusion of the 1888 leases, which comprise land a considerable portion of which has been under pastoral occupation from the earliest days of pastoral settlement, the renewed leases of which expired in 1SSS. Sly objection was that the" present tenants, who in the majority of cases were the previous tenants, have, according to the Survej-or-General's report, already received concessions to an extent equal to one-third of the total rent received from them, in addition to being paid in cash a sum of .£102,190 5s. 4d. for improvements, of which they are now in possession. Another reason why I .objected to their indiscriminate inclusion was that those who purchased the land in 1838 at auction had had the use of it iu some cases thirty-six years.-and therefore had the full knowledge ot the character of the country, and if they made a bad bargain they ought to put up with the consequences. Dealing with the lands in the manner suggested in the Bill also meant an absolutely unwar rantable loss to the public revenue and the permanent loclcing-ap of lands, portion of which would be required for subdivision and other purposes. Not long since there was a newspaper c >ntroversy in a frie a di spirit between Mr. Warren and mysell, in which Mr. Warrei led the public to believ. thatthe pastoralists bad not been fairly dealt with, and t.iat at all events the firm of Hogarth & Warreu had not receive 1 any benefit as the result of pastoral legislition. Mr. Warren, in of his letters, sirs— *' Sir Jenlriu ref ;t-s to Hogarth & Warren as sharers in the 'numerous concessions' given to the 18S-i lessees. They have only had an interest, in one lease—330 miles north from Port Augusta—and this they purchased tine 1867 from the original lessees, who purchased a right to a lease in November, 38G2. Will Sir Jeukin explain how he can cram thirty-seven years in between Januaiy 1. 1863, and January ], 1889? Ho-jurt h & Warren expended over ■£1,500 in improvements on that lease, but none under the Act of 1884, which they looked on as a t:ap. The Government paid theui <£:107 7s. 9d. tor these improve ni «nts. Where do the confessions to H ■£a.rtli & Warren couie iu V" I ft-el n my duty to tell you where they uotne in. 1 have satisfied myself as to the coriectness of every statement 1 make. It is a strange «-o-in<:ideuco that the late respected Mr. ilnuarth, who was a partner of Mr. Warren, was a. lyenilier ot' the Legis lature wlijn this 1S84- Bill was pussed, and if this Act v.'as I !it' trap which Mr. Warren asks you io believe, was it not strange his partner did no; raise his voice against it ? No Bill o"i rei-ord ever passed the Legis lative Council with sucli rapidity. There was not a division ill the Legislative Council. Asa;- illustration ot the benefits that the * - ■•. <! m t :jreceived. I cannot do ^ ■ ■ ^ive you the history ot the fttrauy nays Springs Run. This is but illustrative of scores of other cases where pastoralists have received con cessions, and illustrates what we may expect from the Pastoral Board should they have the opportunity of further deuliug with the public estate. A little more than six yearn ago one Pastoral Board was appointed to examine this identical 1888 leased country, the eost of which, including surveys, printing-, advertising, &c..;, was over .£20,000. (Oh ! and other exclamations of surprise). The Strangways Springs Sun. country was originally discovered by Major "VVarburton, and sold to Mr. H. K. Hughes on June 2,1859, thirty-sir years ago, with ; an area of 300 square miles, at a rental of ■ £157 10s. per annum. The land was sur rendered and reoffered at auction on : November 27, 1862, and was purchased by i Mr. Julius Jeffrey at £285 Is. 6d., or 10s. 6d. j per square mile per annum, the upset price I being 10s. per mile, the term of the lease ■ being fourteen years from January 1 for a I total area of 543 square miles. This lease j was transferred to Messrs. Hogarth and Warren in July, 1867—twenty-eight years —and was surrendered under the Act of 1867, the new 1ease being issued for a term of twenty-one years from December 31, 1867, expiring on December 31,1888, at ! a rental of 2s. 6cL per square mile and i assessment on stock. {"Shame.") The j Surveyor-General says that the average rent including assessment on stock i paid in respect to this lease was JE74 5s. 2d., or about 2s. S$d. per mile. That included everything. Is not that a con cession ? Any unprejudiced man. would say that there was a little difference between the two figures, and if such a reduction were made in our case we would consider it a very substantial one. Messrs. Hogarth and Warren held this land until 1888. From 1884 to 1888 considerable pressure was brought to bear on the Government to renew these 1888 leases without their being submitted to public competition. In 1888 the lands were offered by auction. The price bid by Hogarth & Warren was £1 os. 6d. per mile, or a total rental of .£687 4s. 6d-—this includes interest at 5 per cent, on the -value of the improvements, which would amount to JE40 per year—for country which they had previously occupied for .£74. The only inference is that they must have had a good time while they held the land at 2s. 8Jd. per mile. (Laughter.) The lease was subsequently transferred to Hogarth Brothers—I don't know why — and held by Hogarth Brothers until surrendered on Sep tember 14, 1893. Under the Act of 1893 the present Pastoral Board dealt with this identical country, and included fifty more miles, allotting it to Messrs. Hogarth & Warren at a rental of 5s. per mile in lieu of JE1 5s. 6d. which they agreed to give on a twenty-one years' lease from July 1, J888; while the improve ments, valued at £8841 Is. when the Govern ment had to do with them in 1888. were revalued a short time since by the Pastoral Board at .£483, and are being purchased by Messrs. Hogarth &■ Warren at that figure in instalments extending over forty-two years. (Laughter and " Oh.") How much more do tbey want ? The Surveyor General says:— " The land comprised in this lease is abundantly watered by mound springs, some of which are fairly fresh." The present rental is just half that at which the Strangways Springs Bun was let thirty - six years ago, when cartage, according to Mr. Warren's letter, was from Jt\2 to £50 a ton. We have made a railway through the run at the public expense, and cartage now is only .£3 13s. 4d. a ton, while the rent ot the land is 5s. per mile. If that is not wasting the public estate I don't know what it is. (Hear, hear. " Robbery.") I am making these statements out of no unfriendly feel ing, but because T realize it is time the public knew the truth. (Cheers.) We are told that unless we hare pastoral legisla tion of the character introduced last year more land will be thrown up, and we are told that it is beint* abandoned right and left in an unprecedented manner. At the Australian Natives" Association, when Mr. Gillen delivered a most able and excellent address, I said we had had so much fiction in reference to pastoral matters that it was time we bud some facts. What are the facts ? I have bad the figures taken out from 1880 up to December 31, 1894, and find that during that period we have had cancelled or surrended leases and preferen tial right claims of 140,428 square miles. Last year we surrendered 10,431 square miles—about the average quantity of land that has been surrendered yearly during the last fourteen years; and when you are dealing with huge areas you must expect from time to time a considerable portion will be thrown up. Out of last year's area only 840 square miles formed a portion of the 1888 leases. 1 am aware that since December we have had the Pandurra Kuu thrown up, and that Mr. Dutton has thrown up Callana. The lessees of Pandurra since asked the Government to revive portion of their lease when they found the fuss and fury was orer. The portion they asked for has been revived. In the case of Pandurra I have not the slightest sympathy with the lessee. That run was previously occupied by Mr. George Downer— and there is no one in South Australia for whom I hava greater respect than that gentleman -—who bid very nearly up to the price at which it was knocked down to the Messrs. Morphelt. Messrs. ilorphettfound they could not carry it oil, and consequently | a portion of the run h;is been surrendered. j 1' rom 1Sb4 to 18S6, the time wlien the I riiost liberal legislation was introdnced, we had more pastoral land surrendered than I we have had siuce. In 1884, 16,44-3 square miles vvere cancelled or surrendered; in 1885, 15,977 square miles: and in 1886, 16,915 square miles. No doubt the pastoral industry is depressed, and I am willing to help the lessees in erery legitimate way, but I am never going to be a party to whole sale surrender and reductions. (Cheers.) Many of the pastoral lessees are having a , bad time of it, but there is no industry that ; is not similarly situated. But the agri culturists who are unfortunately freeholders were not continually rushing to the Govern ment for^ assistance. Tbey are prepared to battle with the depression. Bat we shall i not have any substantial improvements in the pastoral or any other industry, no matter what the legislation, until the price of produce materially improves. It is not the rent that the p&storalistsare; paying in every case, or indeed in a very few cases, that is weighing them down, and other , people too—it is the high rates of interest ; pat are charged by some of our financial ; institutions; and, however liberal you may I make the pastoral legislation, you will j simply be improving the security of which ■ the financial institutions hold some; the pastoralists will go out all the same. (Laughter and hear, hear.) STATE ADVANCES. According to the comments in the country Press the State Advances Sill was hailed with delight by every one who was wanting money, but tbey bad not the opportunity of examining its provisions. Any proposition to help the stmggling producers, financially or otherwise, will have my hearty support, but this Bill is of no earthly use to them. What are the terms of the Bill? "The amount of the advance which may be made on any such land as is mentioned in section 27 shall be determined by the value of the land at the time of tbe advance, and shall not exceed—(aj It the land is held in fee-simple by the borrower, one half of the unimproved value theieof, as determined by the then last previous assess ment by the Commissioner of 'faxes, plus one-half of the value of the per manent improvements (if any) upon the rand, and if the land has acquired a special increase of value by reason of being cultivated as a vineyard, hop ground, orchard, fruitgrowing- plantation, or the like, then plus also one-third of such increased value, (bj If the land is held by the borrower under Crown lease with right of purchase as aforesaid, a like amount as if the land were held by him in fee-simple, ^ the amount of all purchase- money which shall be payable to the Crown in respect of such land previous to the issue of a land grant therefor. All advances to be made pursuant to this part of this Act May be made in State notes or otherwise at the option of the trustees." The money advanced under the Bill is to be repaid by half-yearly instalments with interest at the rate of 5 per cent., payments to extend over a series of years. But any one who has such security as mentioned in the Bill to offer can obtain the money to-day else Tirhf-re on better terms and at a lower rate of interest. That being so. where is the benefit of State interference P federation. As to federation I propose to devote an evening specially to address you on this subject. In the meantime I direct your attention to the lecture delivered by the fl«v, Dr. Jefferis at IV'orth Adelaide. It is one of the ablest and most practical addresses that has ever been delivered on federation. the future. So much for the past. Now a few words as to the prospects of the future, which are not very bright. I am Dot a pessimist, but it is no use to do the ostrich business bv putting your head into the sand and think ing everything is sjoing right. X feel certain we are going to end the current financial year with a deficit. For this I do not blame the Government, because con tingencies altogether upset the Treasurer's calculations. How is this deficit to be made np? Certainly not by increased taxation (cheers)—nor by further reduc tions m the salaries of Civil servants (Cheers. " Yes." Mr. J. Molony—"All over .£500 a year.") "Why, some of them have already had about one-fourth of their salary taken off—the Colonial Sur^,, for instance. My first proposal is to abolish free education. (Cheers.) I am glad to hear that cheer. ("No No") I don't mean the abolition ot free education entirely, but reversion to the system of allowing those who can afford to pay their 6d. a. week to do so. Bp that means we should have a saving of at least .£25,000 a yeatf.' (Hear, hear.) I make that Statement on the assurance of the Minister of Education whom I met this morning. Last year the charge on the general revenue for our present system of education was £127,000. In addition to that we have borrowed .£500,000 for the erection of school buildings, on which we pay £20,000 a year interest. We cannot afford this enormous w>th a population of only 330,000 (Mr. J. Scmdrett—" What about payment of members ? ) I should be perfectly will log to abolish it, and I don't think we should suffer very great loss if we abolish same of the country papers at the same time. (Loud laughter.) Up to the pre sent, including the loan referred to, educa tion has cost us over £ i ,500,000. Secondly I would abolish the Pastoral and Land Boards, or, if we must keep them, let their du ties be confined to the allotment of land oaiv. This will save two-thirds of the present expanse. The Commissioner of Crow# La .dseaid that the revenue derived by the (jtivel-iiment. last year from lands dealt with ty the Pastoral Board amounted to 11,100 but as a matter of fact the irost of the Pastoral Board for 1894 was .£2,32/ Us. lid. (Laughter) It i= only fair to say they did other work b asides that for which the revenue had been received. I would revert to the auction s 'Stem. People must learn to look after t iemselves. and if they are such chil dren that when they went into the auction-room they bid too much thev must put up with the consequence. The cost of the Land Boards, exclusive of the Pastoral Board, tor 1894, including pro portion of salaries of Government officers for the. time occupied, which is a very small proportion, £3,147 5s. The re is over £o.000 a year that can be saved by the abolition of the Board without the Slightest trouble, x ;»□ willing to take- my fuifshare of the responsibility of appointing the Land Boutds—there was au agitation in dieir■ tavour—b-K my experience h;is taught mo that they hav-be™ a costly experiment, I he delay occasioned by them at tiuies has b'wi almost unhenruble. defences. On:* cost of drfascfs b.-is boon aJto<v*tber too_ much. I don't include in this' the Police Force—(laughter)—because I think we shall want more assistance fn„„ the "■oii'.-e than the military. The cost of the Jlilma rorce in 18y:;.4 wa* £)0, t!)!>. which wa, r.;.lu<MHl in to A'T.C*!,. Volunteer '. i_.il.ia Reserve Force, co-tii!" £3 ->/>.'{ was vuuoed in to _£:).000, and the Per ;For<v fro!» to t-.J,i44. 1 he cost of administration, which lanounted to -C3.&21 iu 189:1-4, ,v:vs reduced ' to £3,217 in 1894-5. Naval defence was reduced from £6,209 to £5,100, the total reduction being nearly £0,000. In addition we have to pay the Imperial Govprameot ■£10,000 a year towards the Auxiliary Squadron, and are occasionally grati fied by a visit from one of the ships. The daily press very properly points out, considering that the British interests in the floating trade of Austra lasian waters greatly exceed the colonial, our contribution may be considered fairly substantia]. The Government propose to reduce the military vote by .£10,000, and they will have my hearty support, because for the few people we have the money we have spent in this respect in various ways is altogether beyond our means. Doubtless some of the things I have said are unpopular. I cannot help that. Kest assured the wild meanderings of the popularity-hunter do not count for much in these times. The condition of South. Australia, as indeed of all the other colonies is not altogether rosy, but there is no cause for alarm so long as we determine at all hazards to live within our means, and so long as people will exercise more self ; reliance, and so long as the Government will not interfere with private enterprise. (Cheers.) Mr. H. Jackson, J.P., moved a vote of thanks to Sir Jenkin Coles for the able and outspoken manner in which he dealt with the pastoral question. He was pleased to know that the Government were making reductions in the heavy cost of Government. Mr. E. J. Day seconded. He hoped that the Conciliation Board would never be able to enforce the objectionable clause which Sir Jenkin. referred to. When Sir Jenkin was Commissioner of Crown Lands he was accused of being too lenient with pastora lists, but now he was accused of being opposed to them. The motion was carried with acclamation, and a vote of thanks to the chairman closed the meeting at about 10 o'clock, Sir Jenkin having spoken for nearly two hours. The meeting was very orderly. 