TRAVELLER MARKET DAY IN AN ITALIAN COUNTRY TOWN. Belluno is a pmall town in VeDotia, at the foot of tho Italian Dolomites. It 6tands on a steep promontory, formed by tho rush of the great torrent-river Pjavo, as it sweeps round the lesser hills on its first issuing from tho rocky gorges of Cadoro. Being only four hours by train from Venice, it is an easy accessible place of refuge from tho sultry heat of the lagoons. The cool blue of tho mountains — varied here and there with a touch of snow from the higher peaks— and the rich groon of tho well-cultivated and fruitful country, refresh the e es and repose the brain, tired and aching with tho giaro of sunshine reflected from red brick churches and white marblo palaces. We arrived late in the evening, and at once went out to explore tho town. All was silent aud dark. We went through an ancient gateway, and threaded cautiously the roughly paved, winding streets; for tho wide projecting eaves of the lofty massive houses shut away from us even the faint light that came from the stars. The darkness seemed. . to be made only the moro profound by the feeble glow of an old petroleum lamp slung out, here and thero, at the end of a long iron arm. Not a ray of light shone from door or window, and not a creature was to bo seen or heard, though it was not yet nine o'clock. Wo began to thiuk wo had dropped into a city of the dead. Once, indeed, through the open door of a church, and by the light of a flickering taper, we discerned an indistinct figure bending before a shrine ; but that, wu agreed, might be a ghost ; so we returned to our hotel — the bright and comfortable 'Albergo dollo Alpi,' wondering wherever tho fivo thousand inhabitants of Bolluno could be ! " . " . Next morning, all was changed. The cheerful notes of the Bersagliori's trumpets roused us early from our slumbers, and told us they wore already back from their morn ing march. Then tho hum of voices and the tramp of feet called us to our window ; and wo saw group after group of peasants troop ing down from the neighbouring hills, bring ing to the town thoir cattle and their farm produce, for it was market- day in Belluno., Thore were merry parties of country-women, with their stout blue or black dresses, set off by snowy white sleeves ard gay-coloured aprons, and with pretty kerchiefs thrown tent-wise from the array of silver pins which framed their . faces, thus shading the sun from their eyes. Some trundled hand-carts laden with sacks of maize, or poultry and butter ; and occasionally amongst the ohoescs and the eggs sat tho old granny, less fit than she once was to make the whole journey on foot. Others carried on their phoulders the graceful cobra— the basket of this part of the country — full of fruit and vegetables ; whilst tho husbands and brothers drove along the sheep and oxen. """ : All this commotion mado us anxious . to 6ee. Bolluno alive in the morning after ha'viag seen it doad at night ; so wo hastened to fol low the crowd. Going down tho narrow lane that leads from our hotel, wo came out from under overhanging houses, supported on Gothic stone brackets, into the Campitello, the chief business centre of the town. It is a long and epaoious piazza, once the exer- cising-ground of the garrison, in tho old warring days when Belluno boasted of a oastle and walls ; and it forms, so to say, the base of the triangle oh which stands the old town." Some traces of the walla can yot bo seen, thongh they have been built up into houses ; and the' two' great double gateways, massive wooden and iron -clumped doors, still give access to tbo older part of Bolluno. Those form tho south side of the Campitello; whilst along the whole extent of its northern side aro largo houses with handsome porti coes of all stylos of architecture— Gothic, Lombardic, and Renaiasanco. Though tho houses above thom aro the most common place of modern ones, theso columns and c ipitals are very old, since, being solid blocks of stono, they havo stood firm whon every thing olso in Belluno was shaken to pieces) by frequent and disastrous earthquakes. Hero, in this big piazza, all the missing inhabitants of Bolluno seem to bo congre gated. It was a brilliant sight, as tho morn ing sun streamed down on the busy throng. Long rows of stalls and booths filled up one end of tho square, and all manner of market- carts were ranged along tlio walls. The bright-coloured stuffs and shawls with which the stalls were stocked vied in hue with the costurnoB of the peasants who crowded rouud thom. Behind these stalls, spaces had been marked out on the ground, and here were set in order the goods of many a travelling merchant. One had set out his unfolded dress stuffs in little heaps, so that his square of ground looked as if a crop of tulips had just been mown and made np into haycocks, but which changed in colour as the stuffa were sold off. Next this was a green field— of pottery. There were earthenware pots and dishes of every conceivable shapo, each of thom characteristic. Somo way on was a great array of tin and iron implements and pipkins, which the peasants carry off in numbers to replace the handsome bronza . three-legged pots inherited from the fore bears, and which are being rapidly trans-- ferred to the halls and drawing-rooms op A England and Amerios. Next, a groat pile of crimson and yellow attracted our attention and that of the crowd. A seller of wonder. . fully-coloured blankets and counterpanes bad draped his coat with them, and, dressed in a . gaudy coat, was selling them by auction. Beginning at a high price, he came down to such a low ono that one was surprised how all did not go off. Such cheap -jacks aro always more or less amusing all tbe world over, but there was something extra fnnny in this one, from the earnestness be put into his face, and tho vigour with which he ex patiated on the qualities of his goods. ' This blanket is the largest ever made : it can cover you and you wife, your grandmother, tho children, the donkey, the dog, and the cat.' Another, he declared, was ' so soft aud thick that he who had the troubles of a Job would find them all melt away under its warmth.' This Would certainly have sold for four j francs, if its twin one had not just gone off i for two and a half. j While all this was going on under the f blaze of the sun, life was no less busy in tho j deep shade of the porticoes. Here are to be I found tho chief Bhops of tbe place; but to- day, as if fearing that the outside attractions % might divert attention from them, thoy had jj pushed out temporary counters into tho arches gj in front, with a tempting display of things % to suit mountain tar'.'! ; and linen and lace, men's suits, and fanciful gaitors, hung like - curtaius from the apex of tho arches". Iu H one portico waved long streamers of greoa » Alpine caps or broad -brimmed straw bats for || the men, all threaded on a string like a Ml gigantic daisy chain; and festoons of gay i ribbons to bind thom with flouted from tha p spiral leaves of tho carved capitals ; whilst || from the stall below rose tolumns of tho flat: if black folt hats worn by tho womon of the l| Austrian val'eys, which they raise from ' % their heads like men, when saluting yon, and takeoff when they go- into church. Undei;- another arch were piles of fho gorgeous urn- hrellas so dear to Italian country- peoplo, fl and without which they are never peeu— p olive green, saffron, orange, bright blue and - & crimson, aud all with rainbows round to i edges, i Three consocut.ivo arches were filled fg with a long array of hooks, tho most mooern $1 of which must have dated from the days of eaaprUx-oicente' . rori.tfa. olI—jagcMit — an -"-1 jiinglish book on children's illnesses and aSy bad French novel. Farther on, a iilver smith's stall was thronged by young women -3 anxious to invest their latest savings, or the - 4 price of their own particular Iamb just sold, in another fantastic heoded long silver pins/® to enlarge the circle of shining silver with S which tbey love to crown themselves. In em another portico wo wore claimed as old fnenas s|j by a merchant from Pieve di Ctidore, whose Ii stall was a very museum, whero, besides tko ||j ordinary things a Belluno shop supplies, hejflj had fancy glass from "Venice, Russia-leather bags from Vienna, and needles abd cotton® from England. We were amused to be® saluted bv Lim with the familiar PieveJI phrase, 'Sfcaga pnlita?' (Are you clean P), which to new ears sounds a little strange, bufcjg which is only the mountain phrase for ' Aril you well?' S T . ' 