V5BE SlBlME - BASE AT ST. ALBAN'S «> Cli b b n > Zlfiepitah Ktirper and doctors were fcardat ivoVk from xnoramg till night, and from night till morn ing again. 'The aavere winjfsjqwaa bringing ile tlBD&l; accompanlments-of etarvaiinn find aick- t)B8. "Hwd times and bad living were working ' Jhavpc aponk the poor ; tbelloEpital wasjfnU : |fco jb»«raoiflDK' An unarm l number .pf icainalteat the Bametiiie, brought etretcher after etretfcher to the aooIflentvrooni. The great clock over the entrance waB just trikingiixAiIthrewmy hawl round mi and tLBateced oS scroM'the 'grounds to the dis pensary. Running quickly through the snow, X loon arrived at the 'door, and was greeted ,fcy the customary.. growl which awaited late -oomere v - u-" l-v 41 1 am aorrv I am late in coming for the atimnla&U;,'' Xjbaid as eoonns I could get my brtath. 4,Icould col leavetlie "ward before. Iietme ee,flix ohbees of brandy for No. 20, ana little No. 16's" port Wine : that ifl all, I think.1' 41 Anything fresh this afternoon, Nur.se Deaton? 'inquired the dispenser, as 1 busily packed the bottles into my apron pocket, in order to have 'ray hands free for my shawl. 41 Nothing for hb," I anBwered. 4,A bad oaae has jost gone op to ' Mary ' Ward. A poor young iellow was brodght in this after noon, found dead in the enow — good even ing," and I set off again across the white ground. ' ' Off duty at six,' I said to mvfcolf. aE X went. "I would not go off, only 1 am so . tired,.and sister says I imist." At thedoor Ienroanterod Nurse Flcniraing, »y chum and fellow-nurse, just emerging from the ward, accompanied by two women, one of whom was weeping bitterly. 41 Oh, dearie/'«xclaLmed Nurae as soon as ahe saw "mo, "I am so glad you ars Come, This Is the wife of pxor No. 1J who died this morninc ; ehe wislrefi to see him. J know you areoff duty, dear, but doyoumind taking;her7 I've juat got a fracture in, and Mr Hooper ifi waiting to attend to it ; thank you." I nodded a cheerful acquiescence, nml she turned hick to attenu lo tier many duties. Taking the women with m.?, I went to the room of ihe porter who kept the mortuary keys. With many giowl? lie lighted his lantern aud prep ued to accom pany us, as he was in duty lrennd to do. He wai one of the many male oflreirtla ot 5t. AlbanY who oon&irtered; it right lo be as dis agreeable as possible to th« mir-re? wire- never theyrcauircd his Bervices, bo I touk no nutica cf his murmurings, but devoted my attention to tli e poor woman Bt my tide. While ehe '.was telling me of the many vir ues of htr late hutCand, wud of the d jrk future in ?tcrc for herself and htr eight ohd-ircr. \vr arrived Bt the door of the mortuary. Ltuvini; ua Btanding there, uuuer a lamp which projected from the wall, and which the porter lit from the. dime of his lantern, the man entered lone, in order that he mKht tnng forward from thelarge mortuary the particular hodv we wish to tee ; presently Lc opened trie dcor again to admit us. The door by which wo entered led into a truy chapel. Ic was here that therelatirce of the deceased looked their last upou the pilo, set faces of their departed in end?. The body about tohe visited was wheeled ni a light trolly into the chapel, which \vjs kept very clean, and daily re-decked with while flevvera. As we entered, the porter ttepped outside ; to do aomsthing to the latnp, which did no' : burn properly, while I went forward with the 1 women, and gently turned back the Greet from the poor dead faco. The two women were too much absorbed — —the one with irer qrief, and tho other with her sympathy — to take any nutiee of ine ; ?o I, remembering a poor little -waif who hud died in my arms a day or two bofote, nod thinking I ahould like to see him rgan, for I had (pown to love the little, molh-rlese creature, picked up the lantern from lire floor, and wentiu search of my luce patient It was some rime before I found him, and after imprinting a hiss on the small, piiii'u! luce, I went to look et the new post-mortem re cm, which had lately been finished and which IliadcotBeen. I was walLinp round, the light of tire lantern gleaming weirdly on | tbe White ti'es which lined the walls ard floor, when I suddenly beard a door banc. "Without knowing what hid happened. J shivered wiih apprehension, nnd iny firth oreptnnewily. In a moment I had flown through the mortuary ami inlo-ihe chapel. Toolate! The door was tdmt, and all was darkness ! In a moment I knew what had liappcncd ; theporter, supposing that I had gone and loft ihe visilorfl lo him, lmd turned out the pas, locked the donr, una gone uw&y; with them. Oh.it it was ioo horrible ! I beat on the door with both my fibU! Ixaisedmy voicein a fear ful scream, but that was worse thau the awful silence, for the hollow walls look up the fiODtid, and the mocking vcho catne back to me, as if the dead were shrieking in their places ! I Bank on my knees on the dump atones and covered my face with my hands. The building stood far awayfiom any Other : the blustering wind would prevent any voice being heard even lad I the courage to abont again, which 1 had not; nn ono wonld he in the grounds iu eucli wrathcr as this; I ehonld not he iniB-cd. Ictbeuardl should be supposed, being off dntv, <o he in my own room. Nurse I'lemuiing, nie from ihe enpper table, would the. t I had gonn to bed, and would probably reriic without, as she thought, d is t urbiug me. What ahould Jdo? What could I do ? To remain tiiara all -night' seetricd imjossihl?, yet how much more impossible to get away. I Lad always been accounted amonq my fellow- nurses sb the mo6t courageous, and I fear 1 had been wont to boast that nothing could frighten me, but I had never drained of Soylbiuglike this. To fiit among friendly faces in the daylight, or beB'do a cheery fire, "Wat one thing. To be forced lo epeod a night alone with the dead, was another. At length I jgaUieredULficient courage to turn round and try to realise my position. Oh, how I envied those foriuuate mortals who, inmomenta of danger and dread, can quietly faint away into calm unoonBciousneas, to recover their aenses only when the horror is . .If I could only lie down onthatopld : ; fiobr audleep. Aye I even if it -was theileap ' ' ihat knows no waking, how gladly would I iiave done o. Anything rather than remain terror-atricken witii these dreadful com panions. . Tglauoed at the lauteru ; how longwould it burn? Could Idepcnci on its light -lasting til! dawn? - I looked at the trolly, with its cold, still burden, then, with mighty effort, I crossed the chapel, and eizing the end of the ghaBtly carriage, "Whirled it,into .the Jargemortuary. With as much strength «b my arniB etiLl .-poBBcaeed, 1 «cnt it ihlothe darknesB, ond flew back into the dimly-lighted chapel, closing the door behind me. ffow ai least I 'was alone, avitk nothing f more unearthly ihan white' flowers, end a . large ebony cross, which hung against the vall. Stnkmgdown inio the corner most yemoto from the inner door, wrapping my shawl closalyound my shivering shouldgrB, t plaued the lantern beside nic, and atrove vainly to think of pleasant things. \+ >! tried to<hiulc-«f4he ward, with ita cheer ful firoand rowa of beds with their coBy red rxgB; of the'fan -we had had at Chtist- jbrb with thp "children and the Christ- ( xnaa tree;, pi horria, with the drar feces. iioped .to .aee when 'khe"; summer came,? i-.viiaufl .with-itvhe ong-®ntic:patcd holiday.' . jBntftll in jam J ly eyes would keep glancing f 'round at the borrlbe por. ;Mv«»ri wonld t stjaixihfimBclvra lo listen' for founds from thatsilentrcom. Oh 1 .1 should go mad ! 1 -could not bear pt 'How wtcaed i bow crael ! »vXfUikt'tiomD came to coek me.'\\.What was ? The grfiat clock At the entrance was |ib j:|Bttiking. One I two 1— but, no even ! rihtjthenellrpoa. Only eight o'clock! iip/aJyiwoTiouraainoeZ ran through ihe'gar- CniclptchsUmulanUl X. slipped my baud aetgity'jiprpnjpooket. 'Yti, there were -the. tajbottXesCparetull f yvrtpped -round with' tictifewn/ £op« Parted Across' Spa'd_hrti,v en Ibp bottles were bmsii1ii|m1 % inn Jlif ir plach. inquiry yrould be made, And I ehonld be sought for. Rata1 moment's reflection brought hack the old fle&pxir.;"Tt was not sr. unheard -ot thing in. those busy times for the dispensary to beior- gotten until the door was looked and the' dispenser gone. 'Mixtures and medicine .would be left on the little shelf outside, but nbt the atimalantfi — and .Sister," with a sigh at the forgetfnlne66 of her nurses, would serve the patients from the stock bottles, and no thought would bo directed to me. Whether I fell asleep or cot 1 have never elnbe been %hle to determine, but when I roused from the Eemi-conficiouPCPfB intn which I had fallen, several hour appeared to . haVe elapsed. Instead of the dim light ?/ the iautem at my tide, the chapel was Hooded with ailver moonlight. In spite ol my thick shawl, | 1 was fearfully cold and cramped with lean- j ing eo long against the chilly stones. I was i aware that something liadroused me ; some-, thing beaideB mojnlight and discomfort. A1 glance .'at the -skylight overhead showed me themoon failing calmly through the dark, blue vault of heaven, surrouuded by fleecy clouds ; and, even as I looked and listened, the groat clock struck two. Tor nearly six hours I had lain -unconscious in that awful place. The fact did not tend to biing me comfort ; I felt £.ick and ill, my limbs ached ; ; the black ctobb, touched by the moonbeams, loomed dark and awful against the while wall. Oh, to die and forget everything 1 What woe 1 that ? A sound ! — & eroau ! Oh ! Heaven J coming from the other eide of that iuncr door ! I had risen to my feet, but now 1 sank back, frozen with horror, into the sheltering corner. For a few moments silence, ihcn ii cimcagaiu. I listencd -a low, long moan — but to my centered bri.in it wbf not ihe hollow, unearthly gioan of the stage ghost such aa we are wont to associate with rattliug chains and lurid blue fire, but rather the groan of a human creature in pain. Aa soon as Ibis idea took posscfsioii of my wmkened mind, my courego returned. ah my curse like instiucte catne to my nid. The thought that a Jiviug human being wab near, much more a fellow-crrature who needed help, filled nm with nu' enercy, and i rose ar.d took up tuv lantern. "what i expected to fled i hardly know : perhaps some workman wiio had been uEsisiirg with ihe new building had fallen asleep, oi been overcome with drink, and shut m, like my- 1 fclf, through misadventure. How improbable a theory t h i « was did not, forfiuintelv, occur to ;nc until long utterwarde, and i opecd ihe door and looked iiitothe dark interior. At the round of the opening doorthe urobii- iog cfu'cd, nrid for n while i ttood uncerlaiu wnioh direction to iske. frectnily a movenieut at tho further md dccidc-1 me, and i rnado my way sluwiy round the t-t≠ ledge?, casticc; the liht of the lantern, on the ground as i went. no sign of a human figure could i tee. no rhitieh workman's f ecu m Lent form vr 'add t tied inv ovee. 1 fcdood atill, in per)iexity. Oh i eiveiis ! what was liiai ? close beside m?, not )ct placed in a shsl!, liut lyiui' on ihe s lone slab, l»v a long, p till figure. Still ! o-i, horror i a? 1 looked, unable (omit-, i kvi ihe white ahett that cuvercl it move — a iuiiv, thin liand pushed itself jrum beaea'.h and almost touched mf. All my former ex perience was iio'.hing lo thia. Iu a moment tbc fingers had pulled the sheet trum ihe face, and a pair ol dark eyes gizid into how long 1 stood thus i shall never know. At length, a l-.sg, qjlviir.g sig'i from the white lips ciiled me to myrelr and i gathered courage to bend over and tnueli the prostrate iorm. RcouiFi ! The spill was broktn ! i knew thai this was n o time in netitate — no tune to give way lo womanish feare. 1 turjk tho coldhandin mice. " Do not fear," i sa'd, in as calm a voire as i could command, 44 1 will do ali i can for you," and taking rlip hbawl from iny houldors i folded it round the shnvric,; furid, Insiiuctively i remembered the botilea in my pocket, ami drawing them forth dropped a little brandy bete, ceo the chat tc: - '.ngteetli. af'or a while the returcimr color in the lip, the iucmhiog warrr.th of the limbr, told rnc that in v tflot ts had not been in vain. oli, if i could on iy Fummon aid ; but that was nnposiiole ' jf i could ci rp life iu my companion, rnv paiicut, until help arrived. Fortunan-iy my sLawl v an a lure?, warm one ; foi tunnicly, old No. 'jo had no: cot Lie brandy, but i bud it safely here. " Where tm i ? " askrd the in.u:, n he looked round the dim place, his face full of surprise — and no wur.der, for his surfcuiub 3ulab had, to say the least, uti unusual oppeaiance, 1 did not think it wibc oi urcets.iry to exjiljin rjuttc-rd more t!:nn lo tell kirn r.c was in St. aldan's Hospital, and would ?orm doubtlctd be veil. He told me what 1 had already uo.sed, iliat in travel ling on foot through the i-::ow he had been overtaken by inienae fa'.iuue, nod beinq un able to overcome the dro «>i ce-s? he knew well might he fatal, he had fallen asleep. " It's a wouder i'm jiot dead."' he t:t ucludcd, and i i had been so abscrbc-il in rr.v work that i had taken no account cf tne hours as they \s c ti t bv, until now i heard the clock ring cu' f-ix i Oh, th»j joy of tuat tound ! we kept early hours at st alban'e, and at rix o'clock wc were expected to riie. i bhcuM be mi-sed, aouirht for, and louud ! i vas sliiveririg'hud tick. 'ihe man had falltn into a dose, Iroin which 1 could not find it in my heart to mus? l:m, lonely and miserable as i felt. Oh, huw cold it was ! my thin cotton dre-e eaar.ly covering froui the icy air. How long would it be before tht-y found me ? Would llicy fieik long befure they thought of the mortuary y m'ould ibcy think of tLe mortuary at all 7 Ifow all these thoughts tormeuted iiir, chrsirg each other through my achmtt bruiu until, at last, a sound of a key turning in the lock— the voice of iiit dear nur.-e and companion saying iu be wildered tones, " she cannot be here,portei." Then the hole place spun round, &ud; 1 taw and heard no mare. It was long before i returned to ray work. i'ccumoLia bet in, aud tor weekfl 1 was tco ill toleave my bed. Tenderly was i nursed, and much was i praieed for what they weic pleased to call my braver-. My patient, i le&rccd;, bad recovered, ar.d was fu'd of gTalitado for hu hmnire rescue from an untimely end. th? case of 4,bu--perdcd animation " was m uch talked of among the dcctors, and tlie tneuical papers took it up with interest. " \ oj saved hie life, you know," said the curbeb to me, apparently to console me for my unpleasant experiences ; and the patient himself has loldniethesainethinca hundred times eince that day, for i am now hib wife. — "Strand Magazine." 