SCRAPS FROMJiOME PAPERS A farmer named Daly has just died at Clonmolt, Ireland, aged 105. As recently s s six months ego he worked on his farm. J. T. Heaine, the Middlesex professional cricketer, who is one of the fastest bowlers in the world, hns accepted a profitable- engagement from the Maharajah of Patiala to coach his sun in our national game, and to give seme instruc'ion in cricket to the natives of India. Rev. Rowland Williume, *hn succeeds ' Clwydfardd 1 Archdrnid of Wales, was for many years pastor of ihe Welsh Congregational Church in Fetter-lane London. The Prince ani Princess of Wales sent al.tter regretting the death of the lafe Archdruid, whom tbey well remembered. A chimpanzee, which could do anything hut talk, has died in the Manchester Zoo. He would go out hand-in-hand with his keeper in walking dress, ami appeared as much interested in all he saw is any human being. A tamer in a menagerie at West Hartlepool was seized by a lion, which had to be beaten off wi'li red-hot irons. A little boy was deserted at Rochester by a ccuple of tramps who hail been summoned for not sending him to school. It then transpired that the etiild was kidnapped from Portsmouth three years ago, and had been used ever since for begging purposes. The little fellow has been restored to his overjoyed parents, who had long mourned him as dead. An actress has just died in a London workhouse who, years ago, merried a man worth £40,000, which was run through mainly by her extra ^agence. Owing lo the mildness of the season, rrimr.ises and other spring flowers are in bloom in many parts. At Mount's Bny, second crops of strawberries and apples have been gathered. A London widow, aged eighty-seven, died from a broken heart, through overstraining berselE io fastening the buttons of her grand-danghter's dress. It was stated that =uch a death had only been known to have occurred one? before. Over 50,000 persons were rendered homeless by the earthquakes in Southern Italy. Many bodies were thrown out of thfir graves in the cemeteries, ani had to be re-buried. Two youog men summoned at Swansea for damaging the communion-rails m a church. It appears that they were in love with the same young lady, and as she was leaving the church they rushed to her side, and in the struggb which ensurd the damage was done. A bride tvas arrested in Ireland, shortly after leaving the church, aDd charged with stealing £31 belonging to her father. The accused was remanded on bail, and the disconcerted husband joined his wife as she kft the courthouse. A fi.reign Jew, charged in London with declining to maintain his wife and children, excased himself because, while married to her according to a Jewish custom of placing a ring on the woman's finger and saying a prayer, the marriage was not legal in England, notice not having been given to the registrar. The magistrate was compelled to dismiss the case, declaring that it was shameful for a man to make up such an excuse to rid himself of a wife «nd children. A London woman was sent to goal for eight months foi obtaining £30 fr >m members of her dead husband.s family by representing to them they were entitled to £40.000. and that she was paying a solicitor to establish their claims. A woman who sioli; a pair of trousers from a Chelsea shop was de'ccted because the clothier had had the precauiiou to in sert a bell in them before hanging then; outside his window. Mrs Majbrick has addressed a petition to the Qaeeu declaring her innocence, and asking for a public inquiry at which she hopes to establish it. In P. land n gravedigger, his wife and five little children were murdered by resurrectionists, who had been Furprised when removing bodies from graves. Since the publication of the Kaiser's ' Song to iEgis 1 a number of male children in Berlin received the Christian name of vEgis. A widow in Paris was so haunted by the fear of meeting her dead husband's ghost that she married again, thinking that the presence of a succesor would keep the apparition away. The dead body of a man taken from the Seine was identified by s woman as tliat of lier hn=band. She bad the corpse carried home and placed on the bed surrounded by candleB. It WSB a C89E of mistaken identity. When the husband returned be was enraged, and bad he not bpen prevented, wonld htTe thrown the corpse from the window. 