THURSDAY, FEB. 28. (Before Mr. Cowan P Jf .) A Veteban Thimf. An elderly man named James Read whose face bore the appearance of hav ing come into violent contact with the kerbstone, was arrested by Detective Condon for having three baking tins in his possession, which were supected to have been stolen. When the officer encountered him, he cbxu.9 u} me nauiciuauQ win^iuuui «»w the articles were stolen, because he re cognised the ancient one as a veteran thief. To the court, accused gave no explanation as to how he became pos sessed of the articles, and taking into consideration that he had been con victed €1 times for various offences, Mr. Cowan inflicted the ''Timrnn sentence of six months. Compliments not Required. Richard Francis Harney, a gentleman of respectable appearance, and very much in earnest, was charged with hav ing behaved in an disorderly manner, and having assaulted Harry Blake, licensee of the Australian HoteL De fendant attributed the blame for his alleged misbehaviour to the prosecutor, who, he said, insulted him to such an extent as to cause a blow to be struck. Mr. Blake intimated that he did not desire to press the charge. ' I won't accept any compliment from him, Your Worship ' said the irate defen dant ; ' because I don't intend to let the matterrest here.' Mr. Cowan dis missed the case. ABibthday Booze. John Hart, on being charged with drunkenness and disorderly behaviour admitted the fact, and in a half apologe tic way remarked that he was over jubilant on account of his birthday. A fine of XI or 14 days in default, was imposed. A Stsandid Circus. Nine employees of Hayes and Laurences' circus figured as complain ants against tbe proprietors of that show. They all saed for wages, which were due to them. Mr. R. S. Haynes, for the defendants, said that the claims were not disputed. The circus was stranded, and because tbe 'ghost' had not ' walked ' during the last couple of weeks, the com plainants refused to journey to South ern Cross, and fulfil an engagement, after all arrangements had been made. Verdicte were recorded as follows: — Alfred Griffin £5, JohnRobson £5, Neil Boyle .£3 14s, A. James Myers JE3, Alfred Melsted JB2, Archibald McFar lane £Z 14,, A. Simpson £5, W. J. Mat thew £5 and James Hyman £S. Fbemantle. — Before Mr. Fairbsirn, this morning, Lolo Wright was caution ed for drunkenness, Cornelius MoCann on a ?pwiilap- charge was fined 10s. Frank Harris olios Houston, who was sentenced to six months* yesterday for larceny, was remanded to-day upon a charge of having bean in unlawful possession of a dingy, the property of Messrs. J. and W. Bateman. 