HUMOUR. Mistress : ' What did you do with the mousetrap, Bridget ?' Bridget : ' I burnt it up, mum. It was attracting all the mice in the house.' Little Georgy—' Papa, why do you pay that the pen is more powerful than the sword ?' Papa—' Because you cannot sign cheques with a sword.' ' No, thank you, I've got some of my own,' said little Tommy, politely, as the con- tribution box paused in front of him on the occasion of his first visit to church. ' What did you pet at your last place ?' New Cook—' A box of gloves and several, pieces of nice jewellery ; but the lady went through my trunk and recovered them before I got away.' Mr. Goff—' What side of the street do you live on ?' Witness—' On either side. If you go one way it is on the right side ; if you go the other way it is on the left.' ' I don't understand you. A few minutes ago you said Meddlesome was a great busi- ness man, and now you say he doesn't know his own business.' ' Exactly ; other people's business is his specialty.' ' Have you received an invitation to the bachelors' ball ?' ' Yes, indeed. I'm to be the only girl there.' ' What !' ' Yes ; really. You know the bachelors only had an invitation apiece to send out, and I've re- ceived one from each.' ' I see,' said Mrs Wickwire, ' that two million boxes of oranges were frozen on the trees in Florida. I don't understand it.' ' Don't understand it,' echoed Mr. Wick- wire. ' The statement is plain enough.' ' Yes ; but do they grow in boxes on the trees ?' Trotter—' I met a very pleasant relative of yours in the mountains this year. He was very kind too, and lent me ten dollars when I was particularly hard up.' Faster (sadly) —' I'm afraid you're mistaken. I haven't got any such relative.' ' I'm so sorry supper isn't ready,' said Mrs. Dinsmore to her husband when he came in. ' I attended the meeting of the sewing circle this afternoon, and I couldn't get away.' ' Hemmed in, were you ?' asked her hus- band. A little girl, aged nine, called her father to her bedside a few evenings ago and said ; ' Papa, I want to ask your advice.' ' Well, my dear, what is it about ?' ' What do you think would be best for you to give me on my birthday next week ?' ' Mr. Wilkes, your column of personal gossip in the last number of your paper was the raciest thing I know. Where did you get all the information ?' ' My wife had the Sewing Circle at our house last Saturday, and I concealed a phonograph in the room.' ' I hope you don't find the amount un- reasonable,' said the landlord. ' Oh no,' was the reply, ' the amount is very reasonable. What I want to know is how many months do you give me to pay it in ? Of course, I want a reasonable time to pay a reasonable bill.' Hojack : ' My wife only writes to me once a week while she is away.' Tomdik : ' Mine writes regularly three times a week.' Hojack : ' She must be very fond of you.' Tomdik : ' She is ; and then, I only send her money enough to last two days at a time.' Mr. Trotter: ' I told you that Cholly's attentions to Emily Brown would never amount to anything.' Mrs. Trotter ; ' Well, you were wrong again ; they frightened Dick Fraser into pro- posing at last, and Emily has accepted him.' There are many men who are afraid of ghosts who have no fear of spirits. Actors, draughtsmen, dentists and mustard plasters ought to draw well. Did the doctor seem to understand Hicks' case ? Yes, perfectly ; he collected his money after each visit. Mrs. Watts—Don't you ever do anything at all ? Weary Watkins—Oh, yes, mum. Sometimes I does time. Clerk—I'd like to get off for a few days. Employer—Business or pleasure ?' Clerk— Business. I'm to be married. A New York Lady has prosecuted for smoking a cigarette in the streets. The law is unwise in this. Why interfere with a woman for doing anything that keeps her lips closed. 