ELECTION FOR ARGYLE. Mn. BEsrSaX Snoar, the freotrnde nnd', Upper House reform candidate for Argyle, addressed an informal and hastily-convened meeting of free traders on Monday evening at the Academy of Music. The attendance was only small. Mr. Pennyeook occupied the chair and briefly in troduced the candidate. Mr. Short said it was only fair to them that they should know why he came to contest Argyle. It had been asked why he did not stick to Petersham. The reason was because the sitting member had been loyal to the Reid Government, and it did not seem fair to split the freetrade vote. Therefore he would not contest the seat, although he had very good prospects of winning. He was second out of seven froetrade candidates after only about three weeks' canvass. He was told there were a dozen seats more easily won than Argyle. The reason why he selected it first of all was because he was well known in the electorate, and his interests wore the interests of the eloetors. His' nme had been known in the electorate for 30 years, he had a flour mill at Laggan, with branolhs, and he had relatives living in the electorate. He thought they as froetradors would appreciate another reason. Wheri he was told that Argyle Was about the most dilfficult pro tectionist seat to win he said that was just the seat to win. When he spokeho to Mr. Reid he said, " You will have a tougl job, but you will have the full sympathy of the Ministry." He told the Premier that he never shirked a difficult task. He succeeded in getting on the board of the A.M.P. Society when everybody said he had not got the ghost of a show, securing 30,000 votes. When he got on that hoard without the co-operation'of the influential financial men he should not find it a more difficult task to succeed here with the help of the electors, although he did not depise te flifficulties of the situation. If he won it would not simply he one vote for the freetrade party, but two, because he would also rob the protectionist party of avote. The Reid Govern meat had gone back to the people, asking them to endorse their policy, or that the Upper House was right in refusing the legislation that the people said 12 months ago they most earnestly desired. Mr. Reid said 12 months ago that the various Acts that the people demanded should be passed, or the nation should know the reason why. The Acts had been rejected, and the question was whether the Upper House was to rule or tho people. It seemed to him that that wvas just the question at issue. The function of the Upper House was to put a brake on injudicious or hasty legislation. In some cases they had done good service; in others they had been autocratic and refused legislation the people had demanded. Four times the land and income tax had been passed--h thought three times in the case of the land tax, twice land and incomes, and once incomes. They had been sent up with more or less large majorities, and had been ignominiously thrown out. This in the face of their passing the Dibbs tariff when it was known the country was against it; but when they knew clearly that the country demanded the removal of the iniquitous Dibbs tariff and direct taxation inu its place they rejected the reform. They challenged Mr. Reid to go to the country, and he took them at their word, not stick ing to office as his predecessors did until they were kicked out. He thought the Froetrade Council was right and the Premier was right in asking the electors to stand by those members who had stood by them. He was heartily rejoiced to hear the Premier in his admirable speech last week ask the electors to be loyal to the members of the labour party who had been loyal to the free trade policy, no matter whether they were protec tionists or not. MIr. Reid showed that the alteration in the fiscal policy was a very righteous one, that while the moneyed classes had been con tributing only £3 per cent. the working classes, the humbler classes, had actually coutributed 100 per cent. more than the moneyed classes. That had been going on for more than 40 years, and the time had certainly arrived for a more equitable system, that our mhagnificent harbour should not be restricted, but that we should invite the com merce of the world. Freedom of trade would soon give the colony the progress it deserved. The Dibbs tariff was sneaked in against the will of the people. The question was not so much freotrade and protection-there was another question that overshadowed them, and that was reform of the Upper House. Upper House reform had been an electioneering cry for many years. The difficulty had to be fcee but, ht o would have the courage to do it? Mr. G. H. Reid had the courage to do it, and his party with him-all honour to them; and he believed the country would stand by those men who had been true to their pledges. He did not notice that the members had varied from their promises, except that some freetraders thought the Government had not been so ready to enter on the revision of the tariff as they might have been ; but the Government had provided machinery in the important Acts rejedoted by the Council for the honourable carrying out of their promises. In raising the cry of class legislation the members of the-Uppor House were looking through their own spectacles, because the Acts rejected were those that touched them. They were the large landed estate owners, and the id in the £ would affect them. There were many people who were afraid of the land tax, but they need not be, because it was only an alteration in the inoidence of taxation. It would not amount to as much as each contributor paid through the Customs, and the country would be free of a re strictive tariff. Dr. MaecLaurin spoke about the poor widow left with 3500 acres of land and who would have to pay £13 a year in taxation, but he did not say anything about the other poor widows who have to earn their living and whose necessities are taxed. (The speaker quoted Mr. Reid's remarks on exemptions-bow he had adopted them because of the out.ry made about the poor selector, 'o.) He thought that freeotrade and federation should go together. It- seemed ais if the protectionists were ready to trim their sails to catch every breeze, and now they advocated pro toection. In the event of our being attacked by a foe we would individually be easily worsted, but combined it would be like the bundle of sticks. The difficulties in the way of federation were, he thought, imaginary. Uniformity did not mean unity, and so with the little states. Those present did not want any argument in favour of freotrade. When he had an epportunity of speaking to pro teetionists he thought it would not be very difil cult to show them that freotrade was the best thing for them. He would toll tiem that he believed in froeetrade because he believed in the golden rule of doing to others as they did to him, because he found that no one country could provide everything, and it seemed to hirm that freetrade was the free interchange of the different commodities of the dif ferent countries. Freetrado had come to stop. He believed in local government. Now South Wales was the last of the colonies to get it. The people knew better how to spend the money than paid officers of the Crown 100 or 200 miles away. It would also do away with log-rolling. He thought we wanted to go in unmistakably for retronchment. If Victoria could retrench two millions of ,money we ought to be able to retrenoh enough to avoid the onecessity of any fresh taxation alt all. Taxation was always abhorrent, but the State must be provided for. Officers were unduly multiplied. He had no sympathy with the sort of ratrenuohment adopted by the Dibbs Government-clipping something off every man's salary. Mr. Reid was right in suggesting that the service should be put under a board of commissioners. Every man should be paid according to his worth, and not have his salary clipped indiscriminately. The speaker referred to the balefltl influence of political patronage and said that nuo government ad the couriage to face retreonchment. Theo ?oid Goovernment deserved to be sustained becpitse of their courage in detern!ioing to face the diffioulty. Suirely ?le Governmentcould retrench to the oxteot of ic00,000 ora £6i0,00d 0pd cover the loss that would take place in the tariff. There was roomn for law reform and for domestic legislation such as a FaIctories Act. Domeastic legislation hIad been lost sight of. He woas ney glad to be able to say to his friends thie working classes that he regarded himself as one of them. He was apprenticed to a coathbuilder, had been a journeyman, and had true syinpathy with tihe uworling classes. The speaker quoted reforms he had succeeded in effecting on the board of the A.M.P. Society. He supported Mr. Reid's Upper House propos:ls and advocated the referesndcm. There was no doubt the bill to refocmn the Upper House would have to be sulbmitted to the Imperial Parliament. FArmers ought to get beltter rates for the carriage of their produce to Sydney. The pro 90eds soetimes secarcely roalisod the cost, and it soe~e~4 t1q #int thc?lt the Commissioners 'would be acting "isaly iq making concessions. Mr. Eddy eaid he wdcil4 sonsid3e tv zone system. He thlought that should e applied to produce more thIan it rwas. The speaker spoke strongly in favour of -the Orookwoll railway, andl'recapitulated the arguments recently published in a letter signed " Fair' Play,' which he subse quently informed the uudience had been written by himself before there was any thought of an oleotlion. He advocated it because it was a just cause. Ho did not wish to say anything unfair to Mr. Rose, butif he could not succeed in getting the line out of a ptoteootionist Government he was certainly not likely to get it out of a freetrado Government. If he went in he pledged himself not to rest uutil the railivay was an accomplished fact. lHe pledged himself because he w*s going to demand it ea dight. If they had a represoctdtive of influencs, aerl?y0 'and persereranco ho believed theoy'osuld get their iav.y He wouldu't make hfinsclf ebuoxious oun the matteil in the House, and he would "iot rush'at it like g'bull at a gate. He believed he was more'likeljy to get ii thai one 'so had opposed te Go~overnment cand ojeso oeldc not take just the 'ay that he (14r. Short) would hie,. lHe hopec if he were privileged to go into the Itous e he Would be able to rais tie tone of the House rather than lower it. If they refused to accept him 1o would graces fully retire. There 'were quite as many at the meeting as ha had expectedM. Spoakig of his qualifications, he said that work was a pleasure to him. In the plain, matter.of-fact, straightforward way that he hoped he had he would make these statements for what they were worth, and if lie had opportunity he woild work to carry out what he had put forward. In reply to Mr. A. Norman and Mr. F. Grey, ,Mr. Short said that if Mr. Eddy had saved the Government' .£3000 he was wortli that salary. The qiestion" must be looked upon as an investment'. and' as a' business Idau would look at it.' He was in favour of low 'rates for produce. He would only raise customs on tobacco and alcohol. He was not a member of the National Association, and iBever had been. He had land in New Zealand, and since the imposition of the land tax he had been able to sell it at an increased price. Mr. Coller (see. pro tern.) moved a vote of coufl dence in Mr. Short, and pledging the meeting to 'work for his return. : . Mr. Aaron Cole seconded. He had knowni Mr. Short 35. yeais, and a better man they could not have. They were going to put him in, too. The motion was carried unanimously. ' Mr. Short, in replying, said that four years ago he accepted an invitation to contest Molong, but eeting that there was a split in the ldeal freetrade society he retired. He was going into the present contest with the conviction that ho was going to win. He know the sort of inuliene n ie head. He intlended to send a copy of his photograph, with his address arid other information, to every elector. *He was going to use tactics he knew most likely to 'bring success. Qiotiing from a' book, the Successful Merchant," he referred to the principles therein advocated-pusih, tact, and principle. It would be to the interest of the Argyle electors to put him in, because he would be the friend of the Ministry. Any reasonable request it was possible to get, he was their humble servant and would get it. He had sent a telegrcim to Mr. Reid asking him to come to Goulburn to speak. He had also asked Mr. Carruthers, who had replied that it was impossible at present. He sent the invitations in the name of the electors. The speaker mentioned that he was the founder of the pioneer butter factory in Argyle. He had asked the editor of a Syducy paper to write a leader on the Crookwell railway, because it was a just cause, and he had replied how could he expect him to take up the matter when the member for Argyle did not. Many of those present put their names on Mr. Short's committee, and the meeting ended. 