A Wonderful Woman. CHAPTER X. BEFORE THE WEDDING. Miss Dangerfield rode oub?under the ODen sky and sunny downs with her affianced, and Mr, Dantree simply heard that papa had consented that the marri- age should take place on New Year's Eve — no more, llut he could easly infer the rest from Katherine's clouded face. '.The sharp-sighted old baronet has been abusing me,' reflected Mr. Dantree ; he has taken my gauge pretty accurately \- from the first. I wender how it is that my face, which makes all .women fall in love with me, makes all tr.en distrust me ! Is it that women as a rule are "fools, and the other sex are not ? What an awful muddle I nearly made of it by carrying that confounded packet of letters about. Katherine's a prey to the green-eyed monster already, and will be for the rest of her life. I suppose it is in the eternal fitness of things, somehow, that plain, women should be always savagely jealous, especially when they have remarkably handsome husbands. Before the year ends I will be the ' son-in-law of Scarswood Park, and the husband of eight thousand a year ! Gaston Dantree, my boy, you're a cleverer fellow than ever I gave you credit for.' There was a dinner-party that evening at Scarswood, and Mr. Dantree, with a fatuous smile, made known to all whom it might concern that the happy day was near. Mrs.Vavasor's black eyes sparkled with their snakiest light ; the rustling silk twisted, and twined, and gleamed about her in more serpentine coils than ever. She flashed a glance across, at Peter Dangerfield, with spectacles over pale, nearjsighted eyes, on the opposite side. Ana Captain Devere stroked, again his big, heavy, dragoon moustache, and shot sharp glances of suppressed ferocity at the smiling bridegroom elect. ' Hang the beggai ! I'djlike to throttle him, with his self-satisfied grin and confidential airs of proprietorship. I I suppose Sir John's falling into his dotage — I can,t account for it in any other way. j Poor little fool, with a look at Katherine; if he treats her as I know he will after marriage, 1,11 thrash him within an inch of his life. I wish I had asked her myself.' The wedding-day was announced, Katherine was congratulated, and a little .before midnight, with her lover's parting kiss still on her lips, she went up to her room. Draped with rose-silk and laces, the carpet wreaths of rosebuds on snow, puffy silken chairs, a Swiss musical-box playing tinkling tunes, firelight and wax' hght gleaming oxer all — how pretty — how pleasant it looked. And Katherine, in her dinner-dress of rich mazarine blue, and sapphire ornaments set in fine gold, sat down in the puffiest of chairs with a tired sigh. There came a soft tap at the door — not the tap of Ninon. Katherine lilted her dieamy eyes from the fire. 'Come in,' she said. The door opened, and Mrs. Vavasor entered. She, too, still wore her dinner-dress ; the rich sea-green silx glowed in the light far behind hex. The diamonds that were not from the Palais Royal flashed splen didly on neck and arms, and ears, and fingers. Her shining, luxuriant black hair floated over her shoulders, and the smile that rarely left her was at its brightest on her face. 'Am I an intruder?' she asked, gaily. 'What blissful visions of ante-nuptial felicity have I frightened away? You will forgive me, I know, my pet. I had to come. Kathie, dear, you don't know how glad I am yonr wedding-day is so near.' She took both the girl's hands in hers. Katherine's hnr impulse was to snatch them impatiently away; but she remem bered her father's warning, This odious, fulsome, fawning creature had some mys terious power over him; for his sake she must be civil. 'You are very good,' but despite the best intentions, Miss Dangerfield's voice sounded cold. ' Will you sit down, Mrs. Vavasor ?' 'iNo, love; I will stay but a moment. See, it is midnight. Weird hour !' with a shrill laugh. ' Are there ghosts, do you know, at Scarswood ? Such a dear, roman tic old house ought to be haunted, you know, to make it complete. I suppose every house, as the poet says, where men and women have lived and died, is haunted and we all carry our ghosts with us through life. But I won't turn prosy and metaphysical on this happy night. Ah ! darling Kathie, what an enviable girl you are; how brightly your life has been, ordered ! Seventeen, rich, fc flattered caressed' and beloved ! I suppose you never had a single wish ungratified! in youi life; and in two months you marry the man you love with your whole heart — a man like one's dreams of the Olympian Apollo. And others of "us go througn life, and don,t find one completely happy day. It is the old nursery story over again- _ This little pig goes to market, and this little pig stays at home. Kather ine Dangerfield, what a happy girl you ought to be !' 'I am happy, Mrs. Vavasor.' Still Mrs. Vavasor stood and looked at her. How strange the gleam in her eyes, how strange the smile on her lips! The fire light sparkled on her emerald silk, on her costly jewels, on her shining laces, on her coils of satin black hair.- Katherine had never known fear in all her life, but something in that woman's face made her shrink away in a sort of terror. 'Mrs. Vavasor,' she said, rising, and turning white, 'what is it you have come here to say to me?' The widow laughed aloud — that sl.ri metallic laugh that rasp'ed upon the ear. 'What have I come to say? Why, to wish you joy, of course, and to tell you that 1 am going away.' 'Going awayl' Ah, Kathie, what a poor dissembler you are! The light of unutterble relief and gladness, 'lights your face jit the words! 'Going away, my dearest, and if I dared harbour so inhospitable a suspicion. I should s ty you looked glad to hear it. But you're' not, are you, Kathie, love? and you will speed the parting guest with real re jret? Yes, my pet, I am go ing — never to come back — well, not more than once again, perhaps — on your wed ding-day. For I think I must really come to your wedding, little Kathie, and wish that beautiful Mr. Dantree joy. How well he'loves you, Kathie ; he is one of those artless, frank kind of men who wear their hearts on their sleeves for all the world to read. Yes, I leave Scars wood just one week preceding your wed ding-day. You look as if you did not understand, but you are ever so much re lieved after all, By-thc-by, Katherine, you grow more and more like your mo ther eve 13' day. Just at this moment as you si and there in the firelight, in that lovely blue silk and sapphires, you are fearfully and wonderfully like her. Would you believe it, Miss Dangerfield, your mother once prevented my marri age.' 'Mrs. Vavasor!' 'Yes, my dear, the little widow said, in her airiest manner,' prevented my mar riage. It was all for the best, you know — oh, very much for the best. I am not speaking of Mr, Vavasor, poor dear — your mother never knew him. I' was quite young when my little romance hap pened a year or two older than you are now. He was scarcely older than my self and vex-y handsome — not so hand some as that divine Gaston," though, of course. And I was — well, yes — I was just as deeply in love a-s you, my impetu- i ous darling, are at this moment. The wedding-day was fixed, and the wedding -dress made, and at the last hour your I mother prevented it. It is nearly twenty years ago, and, if you will believe it, the old pain and disappointment, and anger and mortification come back now, as I ! talk, almost as sharply as they did then. Fori suffered — as I had loved — greatly. I have, never seen him for twenty long years, audi never want to now. He is alive stilj ancl married, with grown-up sons and daughters, and I daresay, laughs with his wife — a great lady, my dear — over that silly episode of a most silly youth. And I — I eat, drink, and am merry as you see, and I forgave your mo ther. as a Christian should, and married poor dear Mr. Vavasor, and was happy. Your mother died in my arms, Kathie, and now I am coming to her daughter's wedding.' She laid her hand — burning as though with fever — on the girl's wrist, and fixed her black, glittering eyes strangely upon her. 'Look for me 011 your wedding-day, Katherine — I shall be there.' The girl snatched her hand angrily away. 'Mrs. Vavasor,' she cried out, 'what do you mean? Why do you luok at me so? You frighten me.' 'Do I?' with her mocking laugh. 'Now I never meant to do that. I don't mean anything — how could 1? — but best wishes for you. Good night, Katherine — bride- elect — heiress of Scarswood —baronet's daughter — gocd night and pleasant dreams. "The morn ia merry June, I trow, The rose is budding tain But she shall bloom in winto rsnow Kro we two moot again!' He tumid his charger as he spoke Upon the river shore — He gave tlm reins a shake, and cried, ' Adieu for evermore, My lovo! Adieu for evermore." A last derisive glance of the black eyes a taunting smile — singing Mr. Dantree's song — Mrs. Vavasor vanished. Hours and hours after Katherine sat very still, very pale, and very unlike her bright, dashing, defiant self, before the flickering fire. What did it all mean? Mysteries in books were very nice, the thicker and blacker the better, but in every-day life — well, they were exasper, cting. What power did this woman hold over her father? why could he not speak out and tell her? If he could not trust the daughter who lived with him, whom could he trust? What did Mrs. Vavasor mean by her sneering taunts, only half hidden, her innuendo, her delasive smiles and glances, her omincus song? Was it in the power ol tnis dark, evil woman to part her and her lover? 'No,' she said, proudly, lifting her head with that haughty grace that was her chief charm; 'no man or woman on earth can do that. Nothing in this world can come between Gasfon and me, unless he should prove' — 'False.' Not even to herself could she repeat that word. She got up shiveriiiEr a little. s f b 'It grows cold,' she thought; 'I will go to bed, and to-mox'row I shall tell papa, and beg him once more to explain. I cannot endure that woman's presence much longer.' If early rising be a virtue, Miss Dan gerfield possessed it. She might dance all night until 'some wee short hour ayont the twal,' but she was prepared to rise at six next morning as fresh as the freshest. When Sir John came out on the terrace for his morning smoke, he found his daughter pacing up and down slowly in the pale chill sunlight. A scarlet burnouse wrapped her, and her dark face looked wan and sombre from out its glowing folds'. I 1 ' You here, Katheine !' the baronet I said, as he stopped and kissed her. He was very gentle with her of late; there was a sort of sad abnormal tcndcrnvss in his face now. It did surprise him to find her here so early; but looking again at her, he saw I row heavy the bright eyes were, how slow the elastic footfall, the shadows on the tell-tale face. ' What' is if, Katnie ?' he asked. You look as though you hadn't slept last night. Has anything gone wrong ? ' Well, no, papa; nothing exactly gone wrong, perhaps; but I feel unhappy, and cross, and mystified. I didn't sleep last night, and it,s all owing to that detestable woman. Light your cigar, papa, and I will tell you while we walk-up and down.' She clasped both hands round his arm, and looked up with dark solemn eyes. 'Papa, I want you to send her away. She is a wretch — a wicked, plotting, envious wretch ! Iwas happy last night— I don't think I was ever happier in my life. What business had she to come and spoil it all ? I hate to be ur happy — -I won't be unhappy — and — and, papa, I insist upon your sending the odious little killjoy away!' His bronzed face paled perceptibly; an angry glance rame inr,o his steel-blue eyes. 'You mean Mrs. Vavasor, I presume? What has she done?' 'Done !' Katherine repeated, with angry ! 1 impatience, she has done nothing. — she is too cunning for that; and it isn't altogether what she says, either; it's her look, her tone, her smile, that insin uate a tnousand tilings more than she ever utters. That horrid, perpetual simper of hers says, plainer than words, ' know lots of things to your disadvantage, my dear, and I'll tell them, too, some day if you don t use me well. I hate people" that go smirking through life, full cf evil and malice, and all uncharitableness, and who never lose their temper. 'You seem to have decidedly lost yours this morning, my dear. May I repeat —what has Mrs. Vavasor done?'. 'liiis, papa; she came to ni/ room last night, instead of going honestly to bed, like any other Christian, and began talkjpg to me about my — mother.' isir John Dangerfield took his cigar suddenly from between his lips, a dark red flash of intense anger mounting to his brow. 1 'About your mother! he repeated in a tense sort ot voice. What did Mrs. Vav asor say about your mother, Kathie ?' She said., for ore thing, that my mother once prevented her marriage. Now did she ?' ' Not that I anx aware ot. Was that all ?' Well, that was all she accused her of but there were volumes i npiied. My mother died in her arms, she said, and she had long ago forgiven her. Papa, if ever 1 saw a devil in human eyes, I saw one in hers as she said it. She hated my mother ;she hates me ; and if it is in her power to do me or you any harm, she will do it befox'e she leaves Sussex, as surely rs we botli stand here.' 'Katherine, for Heaven's sake' ' She will, papa !' Katherine cried, firmly. ' All the harm she can do us she will do. But is it ir. her power to really harm us ? The will is there fast enough but is the way ?' ' My child,' lie said, and there was a sob in every word, ' it is in her power to ruin us-- to ruin you.' Katherine looked at Iiitn— very pale, very grave, very quiet. You could see at once how this impulsive gii-l, ready to cry out lustily with impatient anger over little troubles, would bear great ones. 'Then if, that be true, Heaven help us !' she said. ' I don't understand, and it seems to me you will not explain until the blow falls. Perhaps I could bear it better if I knew beforehand what I had i to endure. Just now it seems .strangely impossible. You are a wealthy- baronet, and I am 'our only child — how can a woman like that injure or ruin us ? Papa,' suddenly, ' is there any flaw in your right of succession of Scarswood— is there any heir whose claim is better than your own ?' He looked at hex-, a look that haunted her for many a day, with eyes full of trouble. 'And if it were so — if there were a claimant whose right was better than my own — if some day, and very soon, Scars wood were taken from us, and we went out into the world poor, disgraced, and penniless, how would it be then ? I have asked you before, I 3skyou again — could you bear poverty, Katherine ? Could you bear to leave Scarswood and its splendours, and go forth among the women and men who work and be happy ?' She set her lips close. ' I could go, papa, I suppose,' she an swered, in a hard sort of voice.' 'We can endure almost anything, and people don't break their hearts for any loss in the nineteenth century. But — happy — that is quite another thing. I have told you many times, and I repeat it now, I would rather die than be poor.' She stopped, and there was dead silence while they walked up and down the long stone terrace. Up, in the bright Novem ber sky, the sun rained its golden light, and in the breezy turiets the great break fast-bell began to clang ; very lair Scars wood Park looked in the amber radiance of the crisp eai'Iy morning — 'he gi'een and golden depths ot fern, the grand old oaks, and elms, and beeches, tiie climbing ivy of centuries growth, the red deer, rac ing, and the stately old mansion, with its eastern windows glittering like sparks of fire. Katherine's eyes wandered over it all ; she had learned to love every tree, every stone in the grand old p'ace. ' Papa,' she said, at last, a sort of wai1 in hex tone,'1 must we gc ? must we give up all this ? Was I right alter all, and is this the secret Mrs. Vavasor holds ?' ' Supposing it were — what then, Kathie ?' ' Then,' hev eyes flashed, ' order her out of the house within the hour, though we should follow her the next.' 'What! and brave ruin and exposure when we may avert them !' 'You will not avert them. That woman will not spare you one pang she can in flict. And if wc must go,' — she threw back her head with right royal grace—' I would rather wc walked out ourselves, than wait to be turned out. So that I have you and Gaston left, papa, I can endure all the rest.' ( To be continued. 