THE FLOR&L; WR~BEATHSAND CBOSSU. Rever before were the resooroee of the art Loriets so neverell tested as was thease one _aterday. Order after order same poeerig in to the embarrassment of the florist. Becaste, although the 'netrepoli and .the cohorbs are all abloom with F.ora's onetellatiojes it is oaf Sowvere of a oertal, elan that are allowed the privilege of being 'ranked as or assoimated with immortelles. feece, the choice of Lowers for the oomposittoo of feneral tribhtee in always limited to v oery small portion of the domain of thegmrdenur. Bet thie limitation in its general sease is not without its oompee. eatig advantsegee, bemane the oelsnalatia of one area aeoessittate the encroechmeot upon another, and thes axe introdoned iuto the desnine rare epecinens of bloom which, but for the neoeasilses of the osse, would perhaps never be intrCdeocod into these toral tribht.so. At the foneral ot Sir Robert Doff there was a ooenpioeooe inlstnes of thin, an orohid oi grsat rarity, which blooms only one in every eawon yeasr, and whioh is really prioelees--the bloom of the" S ored Dove" or "Holy Ghost" \--being utilised by Messr. Ssarl nod Sone to ms putt a diotiaoniva therm ton Loral cresa sent to Government Hosae by hin Eroellenoy, the Lieu tenant-Governor, the Honorable Sir Frederiok Darley. There were nIce inoluded in the oross water lilies. niphetOo rosee, oarnationo, and ohoioe bhtohoune Lowers and foliage. Io aooordnaos with a cable reosived from Lord and Lady C arrington the Mesre. Searf len prepared a benotiful wreath nod cross oom biasd, io the design of whioh were osed white rolses, ntepbhnotis, boovardiso, white ohry. eanthemums, orOhids, phsseolee, and holee hothouse foliage. Amonn the wreaths sent by Miss Goodenough was a magnifioet ons on behalf of the Earl and COuntess of Hopeotoo. This wreath wasn composed of white roses, stepbanotie, gardenia, bonvsrdias, and oholce botrhouse foliage. Sir Henry sad Lady Norman's oontribatiou (obteiced throngh Meare. Senrl)wan a troue of white fowers oomposee of white nipbotos roses, carnations, waer lilies, sal orchid,. The same firm also sent on behalf of the Lisutetsat.Goveraor of Sooth Aetrelia a wreatbh, whiah embrsoed ohoioeet white flowers, variega?ed ivy, and autumn loaves. The acme co behsalf of Lord Glasgow sent a cross. in whioh there were eholos foliage and sprapy of white bwee and anunmon folage. The Ownsl-Geoere) for Germany (Herr PeUldram) sent a lovely eross, whieh was oomposed of icy Isaves nod autumn foliage and snow white flowers. This. cross was rendered speloislly ooopiuonoa by a wealth of atia ribbous, wbioh were in heanaon with the German nationsl colours. 