dr. parker and the pope. Dr. Joseph Parker has addressed the fol lowing answer to the Pope in reply to the recent letter of his Holiness: — "Tho City Templo, London, Oct. 9. "Holy Father, — A s your most gracious l&tter; to the people of England deeply, touchod my heart and drew forth my best feelings towards your Holiness, this must bo my reason for attempting the otherwise "presumptuous task of endeavoring to make sumo personal reply to your gracious over tures. As to its dignity, Its spiritual fer vor, and its pastorai solicitude, the letter cannot but bo regarded as in every aspect worthy of tho Illustrious Pontiff of the Ro man Church. In the name of God Almighty and 1-Ils only Son Christ Jesus, whom we in common humbly adore and strive, though In extremest weakness, to serve, I ask to bo permitted to thank your Holiness for a pastoral so strong in large-minded desire and so tender in simple and affecting pa thos. "Your Holiness will not disdain the ap proach of a solitary Protestant pastor, working within tho linos of English Non conformity, who adores tho Incarnate Son of God as the Eternal and Only Head qf the Church redeemed by His most precious blood and gathered Into One spiritual body, from every nation under heaven. "If I could be satisfied to pay personal homage to illustrious learning and still more Illustrious piety, and to prostrate my self before incomparable - historloal splen dor. I know not to whom I could more un reservedly offer my humblo tribute than to your Holiness. But when I seek to satisfy .an infinitely larger responsibility and to express an infinitely deeper faith, I turn, to the living Lord of the Church who permits me, by tho unspeakable condescension of His grace, to commune with Him in peni tence and lowliness of heart. I know po Head of the Church but the crucified and ascended Christ. I know no real and last ing union but tho indwelling of the Holy Ghost equal in power and glory with the Father and Son. I obey no authority but tlio Word and Rule of Him qui est imago Dei invisibllis. primogenltus oranls crea- turae Ipso est ante omnes, et omnia In Ipso constant.. "Holy Father, if this wero a merely per sonal matter. I could hardly forgive myself for seeking to approach a presence so au gust and so venerable, but, inasmuch as you havo. appealed to all sections of the English people upon questions Which affect the very standing of the soul before God, I have emboldened myself to hear witness to tho Headship of the Blessed Christ and to decline communion with any man or any Church that would officially or prescriptive- ly come between mo and my Saviour, nor can I charge myself with presumption in assuring your Holiness that this Is substan tially tlio position of all Protestant English Christians. "It has been my most solicitous desire to express myself In terms of reverential courtesy towards the personal dignity of your Holiness, and. if possible, my still ln- tonsor desire to. make it clear that Protes tantism Is neither a prejudice nor a wlilm, 'but a deep and unchangeable expression of loyalty to what It solemnly and gratefully regards as tho will of the Triune God. "I pray you, Holy Father, not to desplso me as a heretic, but to regard mo as one who daily desires to know and exemplify tho truth as It Is In Jesus. As I wish to appear before your Holiness In my true colors, It may bo right that I should add that the Archbishop of Canterbury would disallow tho validity of my 'orders' as dis tinctly as your Holiness would sceptically regard the Archbishop's pretensions. Ne vertheless. It is my supremest joy to be llovo that by the spirit of God factus sum minister secundum donum gratlae Del, quae data est mihi secundum oporatlonsm vlrtutls ojus.— With all ' personal homage, your Hollness's humble servant, JOSEPH PARKER." 