SIR GILES'S COFFIN. A Maintained with confidence was a belief is the existence of the ghost of the " Bad Sir Qile?," wboae alleged characteristic, wora well calculated to excite the terror which they actually piodscei in the neigh borhood of Pen Owen, In the malignity o' his exppoied qsalities and habits the ghost in question surpassed all other membora of his race. It wa, averred that he anally made his appearance in the form of a qtad- rnped, or, at any rate, that hi) normal peti tion was on all fours. This much was estab- lilhtd as a fact — that Sir Gilo's boay had been found hanging in an old summer- house, still visible when I was a child, with every appearance of death by suioide, and that his ciffio, still shrouded in the pall ori ginally covering it, lay aloas on the groand in the centre oi the extensive vault where members of the Pen Oweu family had besx deposited for generations. Ths old clock which stood in the kitchen at the Pen Owes Arms announced to the villagers asssmble there one Christmas Eta that It was 10 o'clock, enforcing the statement with an emphasis and deliberation that admitted of no contention. OI the further f&ct; that the night was wet dark and windy the gussto could satisfy themselves by a glanct at the latticed window. There was obviously no d.sirs on tha part of the inmates to sub stitute the datkcEEB and cold of ths oxtei world for the warmth aud brightness of the comfortable iuu, Sooner or later, boweTor, the change muat be effected, and. Davlo Thomas, the merry, ruddy-faced groom from the rectory, took the initiativs, "Well, gentlemen," h. exclaimsd, "I must bs eff. ,So good-night, and, Jem Atkins, take care Sir Giles's ghost doesn't get hold of you at last. He's safe to b. about on a night lika this." " Sir Gils s be blowsd I ' returned Jem Atkins, th. village emith, clinching his massive fist ; < I should like to sss him come within reach of my arm." Jem prided himself on being a profound sceptic in all matters temporal and spiri tual. " Why, Jem, yon know you always go the long way home instead of cutting across the churchyard and past the door of the Tsult," Anuiker laugh greeted this renewed attack on Jsm Atkins, who was anytking bat a general favorite. " Whoever told you that, young man, told you a 11. Do I look like being afraid of a ghoBtl" An irritating laugh was the only rsply. "Well, 111 tell you what I'll do," sx- claimed the blacksmith, angrily. " I'll bet jon balf-a-crown I go into the vanlt by myself to-night, and, what's mors, I'll sit a bit on the old gentleman's coffin aud smokt a pipe, if you like, there ; that is, If Mor- . gas hers will 1st me go in." The answer to this challenge was tha im- msdiete oSer by old Morgan, the sexton, of the massive key which opened the door of the vault," "Wait a minute," objected Jsm's tor mentor. " If you go alone, who's to know what game you mayn't be up to f Why, you might just go out into the ioad, come hack In ten minutes, and never go near ths , churchyard at all." The justice of Thomas's suggestion was generally recognised. It was finally arranged that the proposer of the bet should establish his claim to tea s'ake by hammering two or thrse usili into the baronet's coffin, a fsat which would' serve at a proof on the following morning that ha had accomplished his proposed per formance. Tn a short iims the blacksmith had turned his back on the cheerful light which shone from the wisdow of th. al house, and was proceeding on his hazardous errand. It wat less than ten minutes' walk fi'-m ths Fen Owen Arms to the church, bat before ths expiration of thiB brief interval Jsm Atkins hod repented his engagement, which, bat for very shame, he would now willingly have abandoned, even at ths sacri fice of his half-crown. No wonder, then, t.Vst h" started with terror, and that his heart heat >ond and fast, when lime large animal brushed against him at the very gats of the churchyard. It was oa'y the retrisver which habitually accompanied our game- ketpar, Jack Bawlinge, on his nightly rounds j but its contact succeeded in com pletely shattering the nerves of the black- Tae wind now howled and shrieked among the braschea of the churchyard slms. and heavy rain drops pattered loudly against ths lanterns, which scarcely served to guide J;m Atkins's steps along ths winding path to the door cf the vanlt. Th. ancient key npptared to utter a note of warning when he turned it in the rusty lock, and the gust of wind admitted by the opening door seemed, as it swept around ths silent cham ber, to csrry to its occupants an announce ment of the rash visitor's prssucs. But. even in this supreme moment, Jsm Atkini bethought him of ths daugers othsr than those connected with the unseen world. He was aware that the vauli door, which closed inward, shut with a spring. Oosiequently, if he left the key outiieU, one touch of as unfriendly hand, or even one gut of wind, might consign him to a night-long imprison ment. The intruder's hand shook as fc> placed the key in fhs inside keyhole of tke dsor, and proceeded to hang np the lantern on its projecting handle. Either Jem'c eye was deceived by the uc certain light or his tremhlisg baud was unequal to the attemp —for, a f.w moments after he had quitted his. hold of tho lantern, it slipped from its support and lay with broken framswork and extinguished light on th. floor of the charnel-house ! In vivid contrast to the gloom and alleles : o the vault ware the bright light and merry conva sat ion a! the Pen Owen Arms. Jsm'i mission — to him the cause of so much appre- hentioz and terror— formed a mbjeot of the ntmort hilarity for tee companions whom he bad left brbisd, As ths time of his ex pected return approached the merriment abated, and it was almost amidst silence in the inn parlor that a heavy tread was heard approachisg. In another moment Jem dashed into the room, slammed the door behind him, and, with a look of agonised terror in ita direc tion, stood with bis back to ths wall trem bling in every limb ; his eyes glared wildly, aud the sweat broke oa his forehead. No- tbisg wat audible outside, except the faint mtumnr of the now departing storm, and Jem took courage It was evsn with some assumption of his usual manner that he an- xouna d that he had won the wager, and demanded the money. Bat it was plain that Jem was suffering from the I if act of some tenons alarv, and when he moved forward from ths wall it was obvions that he hid been the victim of a violent assault from the rear. Th. ample Bkirts of his coat were dis covered to be tors and tattered as if by the claws or f azgs of soma savage beait. In fiet, they offered to view such scores and mark as might represent the results of an on slaught by ibe spectral Sir Giles. By degrees hs gave the result of his expnieacn to the following sfitct, Th. sadden extinction of the lantern, he rate, had resulted in a condition ef absolute darkness. Under the impulse of the terror occasion by his alarming situation, Jsm bad made several vain, frantic efforts to escape from thss. dismal surroundings. At last tbt doughty blacksmith staggered and fell hravlly upon Sir Giles's coffin. Recovering his presence of mind by a snpreme effort, he, with trembling hands, hammered the requisite number of nails into ths coffin on ffhicb he woe laid, On rising after tfcs com- pletion ..of his task, he hod found himself dragged backward by soma invisible assail- ent, who had attacked him from the point of vantage which the wloktd baronet was alleged to tffect. By a frantic effort h. had shaken himself free from ths assailant, who clung with pertinacity to his skirts, had reached ths sxlt from his ghastly prison house, had slammed the massive door in tke face of his fancied pnrsuer, and had pre- ented himself at the Pen Owen Arms iu the state of abject panio already described. A careful examination, however, of the seine of Jsm Atkins's terror corroborated the truth of his narrative, and at th. same time demonstrated the nature of his myste rious ausilznt; It was plate that. In his confusion and terror, tha one bagottsn by his love, the other by his dread of spirits, the blacksmith had nailed his own coat-tails to Sir Gi'es's coffin. 