PRAYEaSFOa THE DEAD. To THE EDITOR. SIB,-As you printed a short time ago a latter signed " A Pariahcnir," I feel gnre you will make room for the m'-loeed co respon- de nee whioh resulted from it. Yours, tto., F. G0LD3MITH. The Deanery, August 15. Rosa Hill, Perth, Jn y 25,1895. My Dear Dean,-The Editor of tha WEST AUSTRALIAN forwarded to me an unopened letter addressed to " A Parisbioner," whiob on opening I found came 'rom you. As I can have no reason for keeping my identity With the writer eeorit ft em you or any of the olergy, I shall be glad to call on you, or re- ceive any commnmca ion in reference to ary letter, reserving, however, the right to pub- lish any such communication.-I am, yours sincerely (S'gned), E. A. STONE. The Daanery, Ju'y, 26,1895. My D<ar Judge S'oie,-Thank you for your kind note received yesterday. I have no objection to your publication, if you please, of any oorreapondenoe wtich may pass between us on tbe aubj c5 ot your pre- vious letter, reserving the rame right mysel', and stipulating that any publication shall be the publication of the whole conespondence without any omissions. I have read again most carefully your letter in last Saturday's paper, and I gather that you urge threa pointB (1.) You complain that " it ia not t-e first time that the feelings of a large majority of the Congrégation have bren muoh hurt by an attempt to influence their relisions viewa iu a direction that ia offensive to them, and not in accordance with the relig'oua cooviotions in which the members ama their fathers have been brought op." (2) Your specific complaint ia that the preacher recently told his hearers " We onght to pray for the dead ; our Saviour al if ay a dd whenever He went up to the Temple." (3) You " cannot too strongly condemn the attitude of those who would lead the young of our ohurob away from the old paths in whioh they and their parents have been brought up and teach tbem for doctrines the praeeptsof men." Before I touch on theBe several points, let me respeotful'y urge one oc- nsideration wiih the utmost earnestness on yourself. I ven- ture to ask you, can an anonymous letter on such a subject, ia a secular newspaper, read not only by Anglioans, but by all sorts and conditions of men belonging to every re- ligious communion, possibly strengthen our dear old Chnreh, increase the respect cf out- siders for h°r, or attract them within her bordare ? Is not the publication of Buch differences of opinion on the other hand a souroe of weakness F Surely, my doar Judge Stone, the kindest, the wisest, the most cour- teous conree would be to appeal to the preacher personally, at least in the first in- stance, and that», perhapa, " gain thy brother," if you have the 'stronger cause. Or, if necessary, could not représentât 'ona ba made to the Rector of the parish, or in ex- treme casea to tbe Bishop of the diooeae P Yon say this ia " not the first ti ae "-yet I do not think that even the first time, or afterwards, any private remonstranoe baa ever come from yon-I know from my own experience the dire mischief that anony- mous letters have often caused fo " the weaker brethren," and how they give opportunity to tho-e not well affected to the Church, to laugh her to aoorn. Pleaas not to misunderstand me, I desire in no way to impugn your motive, though I deeply lament, for the reasons I hare stated, yonr course «f action. For the sake of the preacher, who is your brother in Christ ; for the sake of the Chnroh you love, I plead with yon not to bring har dishonour before a scoffing world. If there are divisions amongst us, let na not blazon them about, let us rather strive to heal them. Now, as to your first point, I venture to urge that the preacher has to remember above all things that he is a trusted Ambassa- dor, that he has a définit'» message to deliver, and that he is false to his trust and disloyal to His Master if he doaa not deliver it. I say it with all revererce, what prsaoher ever "offended" his hearers like our Lord and His Apostles? We dare not piok and choose what is popular or pleasant. " Speak unto us smooth things," is a very old cry, and one of the most subtle snares to which the preacher is exposed. Surely it is not the preacher in this wicked world who u'tera the " least offensive" things who gets nearest to the ideal and. is most faithful to his Com- mission. . But let us t,ake the specific oaae to whioh you. alinde, "'Prayers for the Dead." Now, this expression, BB every instructed Chris- tian knot's, requires limitations. "As the,..- tree falla, BO must it lie " is \- ' ''true of the departed, for every man must be in a state of salvation or ia a state of condemnation at the moment of his departure. I do not believe that any Christian ever prayed that a lost soul might be sawd. Prayers are only offered for " the faithful de- parted" who are in a place of waiting until the Resurrection, bsing developed under the Hand of God into Light, knowledge, and per- fection, and we on earth must remain trusting that " He who hath begun a good werk in him, will," as St. Paul saya (Phil. i. 6 ) "per form it unto the day of Jesus Christ." Notice how the Apostle distinctly extends the work of grace beyond the day of D <ath, unto " the day of Jesus Christ," without (I make bold to add) a thought of the modern conception of a Purgatory. Of Buoh prayers-vid it is of auob, un- doubtedly, that Mr. Prioe spoke-we affirm that they are (1) In aocordince with the praotioe of our Lord. (2) The worda of Holy Soripture. (3) Ancient Christian belief and custom. (4) The doatrine of the Chnroh of England. (5) The instincts of human nature. Let na Bee. (1) All authorities allow that such prayers were oustomary among the Jews, as ikey are io th's day. I do not wi-h to use the Apocrypha-though it is bound up with my Bible between the Old and New Testaments -to prove a doctrine, but we nny use it as testimony to a historical fact. Let me refer you then to II Mace, xii, 43, 44. " And when he h-.d made a githering througheufcthe com- pany to the sum of 2,000 drao m3 of silver, he sent it to Jerusalem to rffer a sin offering, doing therein very well and honestly, in that he was mindful of the Resurrection ; for if he had not hoped that they that were slain should have risen again, it had been super- fluous and vain to pray for the Dead." On the authority of Bishop Lightfoot we know that Buoh prayers were regularly used in tbe Tetnp'e " whither the Lord always resorted." 'He rebuked many cuatoms of the Jews, bat never this, as He would certainly have done if it had been pernicious, or as you say, if in this manner tbey had taught for doctrines the precepts of men. (2) Besides the passage (Phil, i, 6) re- ferred to above, we find St. Paul ( II Tim. i, j ant! l8) distinctly praying for one d°partsd (con- j side Be 16 and iv., 19). And this prayer j the ffcten under the direct inspiration of j may j Ghost. Bign any Christian writers of the first three j M . all the primitiv* Liturgies, dating J cow back to the very times of the Apostles ; and tbe moat anoient monnmenUl iaacriptioas, unite in ai unbroken chain of evideLca in favour of the practice. (4) In the Prayer-bock, I beg to refer you to (a) The Litany "Rsmember not the offences of our forefather'." (b) The Church ,Miiitant Prayer (ad finen). (c) The Prayer after Communion " ti at we and all Thy wole Church. . . . Pas-ion," e'o, the last clause a gsneral one-inserted specially bp oau*e of the Mystery of life beyond tie grave. (d) Tha Burial Service, " Beseeching Thee that we with all those departed iu the true faith of Tby Holy Name," etc. Al o see Canen 55 (A.D. 1603). *. L t us praise God for a 1 those which are depirted. . . . That this Lfe ended we may be partakera with them of the glorious Resurrection." And lastly I will refer you to the decisioa of the Court of Arches i * the case of Breaks v. Wo ilfrey, Nov. 19.1838, wherein prayers for the dead were dec'ared legal y permissible in the Church of England. (5) If you had visitad the bereaved and the mourner as often as I have, you wculd real'se how, in th« moments for our deepest sorrow, when God has taken from as these we love best, instinc ively, uncocBoionsly almost we pray, though we m'y never have been accustomed to tbe praotice before, it is absolutely intoler- able to leavo ont in our prayers tbe names of those departed. Often and offen have I been thanked by the widowed and the orphan for praying, in our sober, restrained Angl'can fashion, that God wLl grant eternal rest and give light to those gone before. Remember, however assured we may be of God's good ne-s in the unseen world, or here, we are bound as Christians always to p-ay for it. Let na have more confidence in and more Christian sympathy with one another. I don't tbink you would fiad any of the clergy of tbia parish unwilling to give a rev on for what they may say or do. I truit that I may at least have shown you tbat what you com- plained of was not out of harmony with the example of Chris"-, the wurde of Holy Soiip tnre, or the teaching of the Church, and therefore should be neither offensive, nor out of " accord with the religions convictions in which the membero" of tbe Cathedral congre- gation " and their fathers have been brought up." Thit God may bless this parish and leaduB into all truth, tbat He may heal not alone the divisions among Churchmen, but the wider breach between na and other Christians ef all sorts, will be mine, and I trust your, earnest and continual prayer.-Yours very faith- fully, in our Lord, F. GOLDSMITH. Jadees' Chambers, Parth, July 27 h. My dear Dean,-I have just reseived your letter, and thank you for the very kindly tone in whioh it is written. I will reply to it folly when I have got rid of my Court work. -Yours sincerely, (Sgd.) E. A. STONE. The Dasn'ry, Perth, Angast 5tb, 1895; Daar Judge Stone,-Aa more than a week has elapsed since your acknowledgment of my letter, I conclude cur coirospondenoe is olosed, and propose (unless I heir to the con- trary from you) to forward a copy of it to the Editor of the WEST AUSTRALIAN. K-ndly let me know by to-morrow if I am correct. -With regards, jours very truly, (Sgd ) F. GOLDSMITH. Rose Hill, Perth, August 5th, 1895. Dear Dean Goldsmith,—I have just re- ceived your letter of this day's date, and in reply am afraid that in my hurried acknow- ledgment of your letter of the 26th ult.,, I did not sufficiently express what I intended to convey, viz., that as I was then engaged in the consideration of several important ques- tions connected with cases pending in the Court, I would not reply fully to your letter, but would do so when my mind was more at liberty. I hope to- morrow to have concluded the consideration of these questions, when I will at once commence my reply to your letter and forward it to you. If you are anxious that your letter should be published in the newspaper at once I have no objection, and will write to the paper that my reply will follow.-I am, yours very truly, (Sgd.) E. A. STONE. Perth, August 10th, 1895. My dear Dean Goldsmith,—I will now en- deavour to reply to your letter of the 26th July last. You will have received my letters explaining the reason why I have not done so before. In the first place I wish yoe to distinctly understand that in what I am about to write I do not intend to deal with or express any opinion on the legal aspect of the question. I am fully aware how wide is the basis of our Church. Lord Macaulay said that "the religion of the Church of England is, in fact, a bundle of religious systems without num- ber, and that it is matter of notoriety that her formularies are framed in such a manner as to admit to ber highest offices men who differ from each other more widely than a very High Churchman différs from a Catholic, or a very Low Churchman from a Presby- terian." When we come to consider that our Church has within har folds the High Church, the Low Church, the Broad Church, and the Ritualistic Church, I do not think we can say his estimate contained much exaggeration. P. ia well known that on matters cn whioh tíe Churoh haa prescribed no rule there is, so far. fyeedom of opinion that thy may be discussed without penal consequences, and that there may ba mattera of doctrine on which the Church has not given any definite rule or standard of faith or opinion, and also many matters of religions speculation and inquiry on whioh Bhe may have refrained from pronouncing any «-pinion at all. There are many matters of doctrine dehors b >th tbe Articles and Book of Common Prayer as to which entire freedom of opinion may be allowed. What I contend for, howeve-, is nob that there are rot d'ffersnces of opinion upon tbe doctrine cf " Prayers for the Dead," or that suoh a doe Tine is not taught by many of tbe clergy of the Cbnrch of England, bnt that tbe Chnrch herself does not teach it any mora than she teaahes the doctrine of sacerdotal- ism of transubstantiation ( >r anything akin to it) or unconditional priestly absolution and the duty of auricu'ar confession. In your letter you ask : " Can an anonymous letter on such a subject, in a sacular news- paper, strengthen onr dear old Church, in- crease the lospect of outsiders for her or attract them within her borders ?" I might ask in return whether tbe preaobing euoh a doctrine from our Cathedral pulpit is likely to do so ? I tbink au anonymous letter on suoh a sub- ject is likely to do some good. My private motives for writing anonymously ought to be patent to the least informed. After a'l, what have names to do with facts and reasons, we are a gre t deal tco disposed to be swayed by authority rather than argument, and to con- sider the man who says a thing more than the thing said. Surely an anonymous writer may be as easily answered or refuted as if he signed hie own rame. I Y My letter was written with the view of j 1 counteracting the efftot the teaching of the i Lort doctrine of "Players for the Dead" might have npou those sons and daugbt ra of the Church whose attachment to h.r is fast being loosened by tha'kind of teaching of which I complain. I am unable to agree with you that the publication of euch differences of opinion ia a «onrce of weakness ; I th:nk it r-uber shows that tb<re is 8- me vitality amongst the mem be». I regret to aay that for some time past a spirit of indifferentis n in Churoh mat- ters haa been, growing np amcngat us whioh ia sapping the life of our Church, acd I can n it help le-ling that the lai-y are to blame ia not realising tbat they have ie-ponsibilities, equally witb tye clergy. It ia cartain'y unfor innate that we have no reiigoaa paper in which to expr.-sa our views, but in t ¡e abjenoe of snob a psper it is in- cumbent upon us at lijies to txpr BB those views as boldly and publicly aa the clergy themselves, even if we can o:ily do so through the columns cf a'seaular newspaper. A sermon was preto^ei at the Cathedral before a large mixed congr gatton, the preacher in the course cf such a sermon urged bia beavers to pray earnestly for thosa who had died m venial siu. I felt it my du'y to try and prevent such teaching from bear- ing frnit. How would my object bave be^n obtained had I merely "made a private appeal to the preacher" cr ^-'representations to the rector of tha parieh?" Your own letter ia an evidence cf bow fruitless Buc'a au app. al would bave beeu to tbe latter. I knew that thia was tha first time in the history of our Cburch iu this colony that such a doctrine bal been preached from 'he pulpit of our Cathedral and Par>sh Cbu-oh. I knew, asa teacher and supeiiuendent for many years of onr Sunday Se tools, that no such doctrine had ever been taught toourohiliren, and I firmly believe thvc our Cburch did not teach it. Under these circums anees 1 f. It that I oould not remain silent. I do plead with you, my dear Dean, for the sake of the Churoh we love, for the sake of our common Christianity, and fcr the aaka of tbosa in our parish over whom you are maia au overseer, not to allow the aeeda cf dis eension to be Eown amongst us, but to try and preserve our churoh in tbia oolony whioh for BO many years has been " at unity in it- self," in the unit» of the spirit and the bond of peace, not forgetting, as St. Paul tells us, to " mark those whioh cause divisions and offences contrary to the doctrine whioh we bave learned." With regard to what yon say in reference to tbe first pjint of my complaint, I am in entire accord witb you as to wba"; is required and expeoted of the preacher ; but you wiil pardon me for saying that I fail to see the applioabil.ty of your allusion to the c ffence caused by the teaching of our Saviour and His Apostles to those «ho bad not then como to a fall knowle ige cf the truth, to the case of these Chr stian bearers of our time who have embraoed the truth of the Gospel, have the book wbioh oontiios that Gospel in their bands, aud bave beeu taught the dostriaea of their oburoh by aa able and devtut preaohera aB those who would now teach them soma other doctrine and BO cause effenee. I cannot help feeling that if the preachers of our day would give less attent ou to those questions of dogma upon woich so many Christiana differ, and teach the pure tm'h of the Gospel, " Love, joy. p-îace, long suffering, gentleness, groiness, fiith, me knesa, tem psranoa," they would help to form in man a good heart and a good life, r ght conduct and a holy character, and BO lessen tho30 un happy divisions with wbioh our Churoh is now distraoted. To return to my specific charge, " Prayers for the Dead " I am glad to find that you do not go the length the preach3r did in his sermen to wbioh I have alluled, bat that the expression, " requires limitations." Yin Bay you do not believe that any Christian ever prayed that a lost aoul might be saved, "Prayers are oaly tff-red for the faithful depar.'ed." I would remind you that in the sermon to whioh I h ive taken excep- tion no such limitat'on was made, even if it had b en I sboald hive taken the same objeotion. I observe you say that, " we on earth must remain, trusting that He who had begnn a good work" then will perfcrm it until the d y of Jesus Christ. You wJl, I am sure, admit tbat there is a wide difference b tween "trns'ing" and trayinj. I believe it waa once held tbat it ia not pesai for a clargy mau of our Church to expresa a hopa in the ultimate pardou of tbe wicked. Let m s ask why are we to pray for the faithful depirtel ? Ia the first Colleot ia " the Order for the Burial of the Dead" we expesa our be'ief,tbat "the sou's of tbe faitaful a'ter they are delivered from the burden of the flesh, are ia jov and felicity." Yin assart that the faithful departed ara " being deve'opsd under the hand of God into Light, knowledge and perfection" and wnpport tais assertion by a reference to Phil, i., 6. Let me here ramind you that some of our commentato-s regard this Epi.tie as d ffering from mosi others of ha Apostle Paul, in not having any marked aad definite object .either to combat ern r or estab i-h tru'.h. St. Paul ia tbe passage referred to waa thanking God for tha devotedcejs of the Church at Philippi, to tbe service of Christ, and felt confident that this was a proof of God's work in them, and therefore a pledge of thei- persévérance in their Ch istian calling until their s.Ivation shonld be "completed" or " finished " at the c lining of Christ who, " shall change our vile body that it may be fashioned like unto His glorious body." I think if we follow this Epist'e we ehtll see that tkis ia the meaning intended to be con ve oi. (Phil, iii., 10,11,12). Wben death is destroyed and mankiul have been rai*ed and judged and the d-*ad in Christ called into the Kingdom of the Father, then will all redemption be oomplete, and not till then ehall we realise the fulness of God's Mercy in Christ. St. Paul could express himself with all humility as not counting himself to have already attained or to be a'ready perfect, yat be triumphantly exolaimed, when iu the immeli&te; prospect of dea-h, "For I am now already being offered, and tbe t'me of my depirture is at band ; I have fought the good fight; I bave finished my.course ; I have kept the faith ; henceforth there is laid np for (me tbe Crownof righteoBsness. . . . and not to mo only, but unto all them that love Hia appsaricg." These words surely apeak definitely of-the completion of God's work of graoe, uot only in his heart, but in the hearts of all who bad loved hia advent hera. St. Paul, you will notice, does not ask Timothy or the Philippicn Church to pray that his soul may be "developed under tha Hand of Goi unto Light, knowledge, and perfection." He had a blessed certainty that the Lord wonld deliver him unto His heavenly King- dom. If the souls of tbe departed are to be de- veloped as you iffirm, what is to become of the '. faithful living," at the time of Christ's second eoming ?-when are they to be de- veloped into " light, knowle-lge, and perfec- tion ? ' St. Pani tel s us, " Then we which are alive and remain shall be caught np to- gether with them (the faitaful departed) in tbe clouds . . . and eo shall we ever be with tbe Lord." That God bad appointed us to obtain salvation by our Lord Jesus Christ, wbo died for us, tbat " whether we wake or s'eap we should live together with Him." You affirm tbat Prayers for the Dead are : 1 In accordance with tha practice of our Lord. 2\. The words tf Holy Soripture. 3\. Anoi-nt belÄ? and onatem. 4\. The doctrine of the Chnroh of England. 5\. The instincts of human na'ure. (1 ) Such prayers may have been custom- ary among tbe Jews, but it should be remain b<-red that altbongh th y bad a revelation in the O d Tt.stam.ent both of a fu'ure state and tbe resurrection of the body, it was far less fu'land explicit than in the New IVatament, ant was coi fly confined to one small nation, and very imperfectly understood and believed by them. It was toe Ch.istian revelation that "brought life aud immortality to light" and not until Christ appeared, that tLe state of fallest felici y puronasad for man by the death of the Red«tm;r was fully made knojm to man. Tbe heathen who entertained the idea of purification of disembodied spirits also nsed such prayers, and this opinion held by tbem waa early adopted by many Christians, but these anoient prayers were Euchaiis io ra her than supplicatory. It is a noticeab'e fact that although our Saviour frequently reaortei to the Temple an i the Synagjftu0, no mention is made in toe New T-estam nt of HU ever having gone for the purpose of prayer, aitaou^h the apostles have thought; it right to frequent y reooid tnat ha went to t-ach. "And he preached in their Synagogues throughout all Galilee," " I ever taugnt in the Synagrgaes and in the Temple," and when the Sabbath was oome he began to teach m their Syna- gogue, " aad as bia custom was he went into the Synagogue and stood up for' to read." This omiBsioo, together with the fact that wLenever the Evange'ists refer to our Lord aa prayin?, they record that he retired to solitary places fcr that purpo e. '* And in the morning, rising np a greaï while Dot ore day he went oat and d parted i ito a solitary place and there prjyeu,'' would seem to show that it was our Lord's custom to go to tbe Synagogue service for reading and expound ing the ¡Scriptures, and t > retire to Bolita-y places for the purpose of prayer. That t ur Lord never rebuked the Je .va for praying for tho departed (if ihey ever did so) ia only in keeping with the faot that He never interfered with the Moaisio institutions. I think, with all humility and reverence, that had our Lord j ined in their prayers for the departed, or intended that Mich prayers should be tffered, some di-tia .t mention won'd have been made of it in Scripture, and our Lord himself would, when he respon- ded to the request of tie apostles that be would teach them how to pray he gave them that incomparable prayer "Tbe Lord's Prayer," have included snob a petition in it. This brings me to your secon-t point. (2.) Tb->t thoy are ia accordance with the words of Holy Scriptare. I nctice tbat the texts of Soripture upon which you rely are the sime as tooee relied upon by the Roman Catholic Church, whioh, however, al wavs connects auch pi ayers with the doo rine of Purgatory. It is Ui fortunate that the only texts which you quote that refer distinctly to prayers for the de id, II. Mace, xii., 43,44, are taken from tbe Apocrypha, which tho Church of Engiacd gives no plaie ia Scripture, and denies the propriety of applyiog its teaching to the establishment of any doctrine. Until, therefor», ne place the Apocrypha, aa the Rom in Catholic does, upon an eqoal footing wth the in-pir<d S.-npture-, tuis text can have no foroe. I have already re'errel to tha pa Bago in Phil, i, 6. With regard to the other passiges, II Tim. i, l8 and iv. 19, where you contend that we find St. Paul distinctly praying for one wbo has departed, I venture to point out that be- fore you can rply upon thit por ion of Sorip- ture in support o." such an assertion, you must ehow that Oaeeiph ros waa dead at the time St. Paul w.-ote thiB epistle. You may have heard of tbe tradition that One<iphoru3 was one oE the seventy disciples and afterwards Bishop of Coroce. I think the pre-ump'ijn is strongly in favour of bia having been alive at the time St. Paul wrote. Such a presumption is not at all inconsistent with the verses 16,17, and l8 read together, and wifch the o:her teaching of St. Paul. In the absence of any d'reot autbo ity in Soripture in support of snoh a dootrine, we have no right, I t-ubmir, to come to the cn olu-dun that S»-. Pani waa praying for tho de- parta! Eoul of OusBiphorus. St. Paul expres-ed a hopi that our Lord would give mercy to " the hon?e of Onesi phora*." Such an expression taken in its ordina-y sense would include the whole house- hold and was used in that sense by St. Pani, "and I baptized also the housebo'd of Stephana«," 1 Cor. i 15., inoIud'S Stephanas, whom hi baptized. He then prooeeris to give hia r¿aiona to Timothy for exprpsñng the hope, and in the midst of his explanation, probably remembering mrSaviom'a words as rela'ed in Ma*h. xxv, 36, with that abrupt, ness and fervour which h J (Pan') so constantly displays tbroaghout his epistles, bursts forth into a prayer that for all this kindness and sympathy shown by Oneaipboru3 ha may find mercy of the Lord iu that day, and continuing bia letter concludes with a re- quest to Timothy to sálate the honsehold of Oaesiphorua. I wou'd also point oat that although St. Paul in hia first epistle to Timo hy dealt with the duty of prayer and entreated that prev- erá be off Ärel for all m n because God i< nilliugihat all shall be saved," we do n>t find him stating that prayers should a'ao be offered for the souls of the faithful departed, nor do we find in any other part of the New Testament any direoiion upon the subject. We are therefore compelled to rely upon (3) Anoient be'ief and customs, or " the precepts of men." I admit that many of the early Christiana, suoh as Tertulliau, Origan St. Augus'i e, St. Chrysostom, en'ertaiaed the opinion that the aonls of t'oe faithful ''eparted pnt3red into au intermediate state of purification, and tbat the souls tbus ciroumstanced might be aid id by the Supplications of tbe living, bui I maintain tha this opioiin was adopted from ihe heathen idea of purification for disembodied spirits and that the ancient prayeis and principal Liturgies were Eu- charistie rather than supplicatory, intended on'y to recognise the bond of unity as not dissolved by death, and hivin? a prospective reference to tbe public manifestations of m'roy a.*, the last day. (4.) I maintain that there is nothing in the Prayer Book, honestly interpreted, that favours such a dootrine. (a.) The words of the Litany to which yon refer, " Remember not." apply to the offences of our forefathers which are visited upon the children, Exe xx, 5, Ezek, xviii., 20; it is from the effect of such sins, we, their children, asked to be spared. (6) The Churo i Militait Praypr is, I submit, what the " priest " by the Eabrio is diree'ed to say it is, "a p-ayer f.r the who'e estate of Christ's Church Militant here on earth." The closing sentence which commemorates the faithful departed is Eaobaristio, the supplicatory part is for onraelvea, that we may be united with them in glory ever- lasting, "expressing in singular force and beauty the commemoration of those who although parted from na are still one iu the m va Heal Communion of the Body of Chri.t." In the Prayer Book of 1549 the prayer was for "the whole estate of Christ's Churoh" and included the dead as well as the living, ' and ended in a commendation to God of those departed in tha faith wita prayer that He wonld " grant them mercy and everlasting peiop," and " tbat we and they may at the Crust Day be set on Ha r'ght hand." In 1552 all this was struck ont and the prayer waa reaored to the "Churoh Mil tatt bere cn earch." In 1662 it was propose 4 to return to the old name. Tais, however, was rejected, and the clo.-ing sentence in it has be-n laid down by authority that " The successive alterations aud omissions in the Book of Common Prayer by which words or p tssages, including par- ticular diet ices, or assuming a belief in them, have bien struck out, are evidence that tbe Church haa cased to affirm those dootiiues." (c) Tbe prayer after tha Communion »peaks for itjelf, and the words, " ft y whola Charch," must, in view of toe alterations in the Prayer Book of 1552, to wbici I have al nded, and St. Paul's exhortât ion tor universal intercession, be taken to mean the " Cturch Militant." (d) The Burial Servioe. '* Beseaobing Ihee that we with all those departed in the true faith of 'J hy Holy Name." You will observe that the words are "B.seeching Thee that we with all," not " and all " as referred to ia paragraph (c) and in the prayer in thj Prayer Book of 1519. In this Collect we expresa our faith that tha aouls of the faitbfal are in reBt, joy and felicity,th's bein? BO we have omfiieno* that at the costing of onr Saviour they will have their perfeoG consummation and bliss, both in body and soul, in Gi d's eternal and everlast- ing glory, and pray that we may share that glory with taeni. All who live and die in the faith and obed- ience of Jesus ara rntitled to say with the Apos'le, " We know," not only we hope and reason, but we " koow that if our earthly House of the tabernacle were dissolved we have a building of God, a house not made with hands, e' ern al in the heavens " I place a simi'ar interpretation as the fore- going on Canon 55 (A.D. 1603). I have not seen the d cisioc in Breaks v. Wcolfrey, bat I refer jon to the views I bava expresa ad in thia connection at the beginning of my le -ter. (5) Toe instincts of human nature. I believe prayer to be the natural diotato of the human bcart, and although I have not visited the bereaved and mourner as often as you have, I also have hid my moments of deepest Eorrow in the loss of father, mother, brother and sister, yet Gol bas never put it into my heart t«* pr y for them. I am cont-nt to loa ve their Boals io the hands of a loving God, who is graiioui ana merciful, EIOW to anger, and of great kiidnasB, being assured " like as a father pitieth his ch ldreu ao the Lord pitieth them tbat tiu-t in bim." Ha ia not extreme to mark iniquity, for be knows our frame and remen bars we ara dmt. Tras'ing in tae merits of Chrisi our Saviour in whom whosoever believeth though he were dead, yet thall be live, aud through whom, at his seo >nd coming, they shall lise again, who shill obange their "bo-ly of humiliation" into the hkanes3 of " His Body of Glory." In humble faith aid paúent silence I wait, trust, and adore. To conclude, I fear, dear Dean, we mast agree to differ, aa many others do, upon the important question wo bave been diacas-úng. I trust, howdve*, yon will agree with me that thia is no reason why we should not work together as amicably and earnestly as we have ia tha past. I have written according to the diotatea of my conscience and reason, and earnestly pray Him whose never failing providence ordereth all things, both in heaven and eartb, to put away from ua all thinga that be hurtful, and to give us those things that be profitable for us.-Yours Very fai.hfully (signed), E. A. STONE. August 13th. Daar Judge Stone,-Thank you for your courteous lettnr. I do not propose to answer it at lengtb, as I think no useful purpose would be thereoy served. But out of many points I mnst touch br.efly on a few. I cannot agree with you that our reltgim is a bundle of religious systems without number, or that theie are four Churches in the Church of England. Transubsiantiation is not a doc- trine but a pbiloBoph'cal theory held by no preacher at the Cathedral and therefore not in ques'i^n. " Unconditional priealy abso- lution," so far as I am awara, no Christian is foolisu enough to believe in, Rsman or other- wise. Your remarks relating to anonymous letter writing assuma thit in your first letter you reasoned out tbe question, otherwise tbey h iv» no force Bu-. you did not do so. Nor is tbe preacher commissioned t> délirer a message-popular or uipopu'ar-paralleled by an anonymous correspondent in a secu'.ar paper. You Bay pgain "i1; ia in"umbïnl: upon us (laity) at limes to »xoro3a those viewa as brldly and publicly ai the clergy." Surely, my dear Ju-'ge Stone, it does not require much "boldneßa" to write an anonymous letter. Nor au e'y ia tha appeal to the Rector shown ts be " froi l'si." For, agree with my form r 'ettir or not, I think any un- prejudiced person would allow that I had considered the qavstioa and come to a con clu-ion whioh might ba righi or wrong, bat at li ast was raasonab'y tenable. My noa-legally trained mind is utterly un- able to grasp j our princip'ea of interpreting Holy Sor piara and the Prayer Book. Toe words I referred to seem t) be perf»ct'y plain beyond all controversy. Their natural mooning is on tho surface. Even Dean Alford, as low "a Churohman"-I hate tha expression-as you could find, c >n feses tbat, with regard to Onesipborns, he was dead ; and, if you look at my former letter you see I particularly guarded against an un Anglioan use of the Apocrypha,! I used it 1> g tiraataly, as one might u-e any book of history as evidence of a praotioe, nos as proof for a doctrine. Your as3ump'ion-for it is purely FO that our Lord only went to the Temple to' teaoh, is surely impisaibla. Did He, as Man, navor recogcizo tha duty of publio worship ? And what of the Apostles F Onpaga lOyou appear to admit that Prayer for the D»ad may have been a " Mosaic in- stitution." I think tha early Christians were mora likely to adopt the practice from a "Mosaic institution" than from a Leithen belief ? I can thick of no other Christian practica adopted from the heathen. Ajrain you allow tbat there were prayers for the departed iu the Ancient Liturgies, but express the opinion that they were " Eucharistie " r*tber than " Supplicatory." Are y-u than willing to allow that thesa Eucharistie pray ra are properly Christian ? If so, yon have grmted all that I hive urged. Here is a speo'men: "Grant rest to our fathers and brothara who have fallen asleep, and whose souls Thou has received. Ba- rn ember all tbe saints who have pleased Thae since tie world began"-from a Coptic, not a Romai liturgy. The Lori'a Prayer doeB inolude in the words " Thy kingdom come, " ?he idna of remamberancs of all Goi'a peoples (c.f. Wesley, below). Lastly, I bave only to renrnd you that cm:°F<ou is not prohibition. Apply that to as I any service in tbp Pray r Book and you ararat i" i onoe landed in difficulties Even by the law " courts the principle has been surrendered. I thought to your legal mind th« casa of B eaks v. Woolfrey would have constituted a strong appeal. It has never been reversed, you have not controverted it, and there, un- answered and nnrefuted, it stands for those who like legal decisions. And now I ventare, with all respect, to suggest to you the possibility that the human mind may be led unin- tentionally or through unconscious bias, to end'avour to explain away words of Holy Soripture which do not harmonise with one's faih of practice. I havo no doubt as to wbe'her your interpretation of the Soripture and Prayer Book quotations in my previous lett r or mine ia the simplest and most natural, and I am quita willing to submit them sids by aide to pablio opinion. If on receipt of this you have anything to add, will you kindly let me have it (say) on Wednesday to Bend for publication. No difference on this question, I most heartily assure you, could render me un- willing to work with yon as oordia'ly in the future as in the pist.-Yours very tru y in our B.L., (Signed) F. GOLDSMITH. P.S.-Do yoi know what John Wesley save (Works IX, 52, now lying before me) ? " In thia kind of gener ii prayer therefore for the faithful depart ad, I conceive myself to be clearly justified, both by the earliest ant'quity, by tha Cnurch of England, and by the Lord's Prayer." P S. (N->. 2) -If " this was the first tim9 in the history of tbe Church in this colony that Buch a doctrine had been preaohod from the pulpit of the Cathedral," it is strange to find R I.P. on an old tombstone io our oemetery, as I did last week. Perth, August 13:h, 1895. Dear Deau Goldsmith,-I received your letter of to day in reply to mine of Saturday's date, and as you apoea- si anxious to have the correspondence published, wi 1 reply very briefly at once. It does appear to require some boldness to w.ite au anonymous letter on a disputed queBti n of dootrine connected with our ohu.-oh when we consider that an anonymous correspondent is liable to have his name pub- lished and bia letter read from the pulpit of the Cathedral. lam eorry, but not surprised, to find after reading your letters, that yon are " utterly unable to grasp my principles of interpreting Holy Scripture and the Prayer Book." In combating the étalement that our Lo-d always nasd to pray for tha dead when He went to the Temple, I mentioned oertain faots recorded in Soripture. and draw from them a presumption whioh I considered the*e facts warran'ed,-whether our Lord reoognised the duty of publio worsh'p or what the apoatles did ia besile the question. For tbe interpretation of tha words " Thy aingiom come," in the Lord's Prayer, I prefer to be guidtd by the Sermon on the Mount. I bave nnt Wes'ev'a L'fe by me, but I have his "No'es on the New Testament," aad for tHe first tima no'io9 that he explains the words " hoosa of Oaesiphorus" io II. Tim., i., to mean " the family of Onesiphorus as well as himee'f," so I am glad to find that " my legally trained mind " is not singular in the interpretation I hare put upon that pas-age. Perhaps you may find that it is not singular in regard to the other interpretations. I am, yours, very truly, (Signed) E. A. STONE 