SK KTOI 1 1-;R- THK SPUTl'EKING CANDLE. CamlleH to which poets tv.iitimontally refer an tho ' light, of othor days.1 aro coming in again, although, if the truth woro told, thoy have never been entirely 'out.' Tho old families who possess tiill silver r.ondlestinkH, and a Miuf)'or-truy, hove kupt th«m in re membrance, and somo nf tho timo in active service, while the poor mid fijunliil havo sot up candlos in tho household in nl-) bottles, or any other form of holder that would answor tl o purpose. But tho stronghold of tho ramillu has been tho church, whioh has kept, it, consecrated to roligioua uses. Thoro are still thoso living among us— thoso whoso childhood know no other light, unless it woro that of a fagot or an old oil lamp, whale oil being the fluid for burning before tho dis covery of potroloum, In those dnyH thore wore wax candles, a luxury for the rich ; tallow candles, which wore of two kinds, ' bought™ ' aud ' homemade,1 the best being of melted tallow and beof suot run in a mold, the poorest composed of tallow and lard, made into chape by the. process of dipping. ' Dips' aro still uiado in rustic neighborhoods, I ho process being primitive enough to require no skill. A tub of the ineltr-d groaso, along rod run through a dozen wicks, which aro dipped in the, grcaso, tliou hung across tho tub to cool. Tho dipping and cooling protioss is repeated until the ciuidtu is large enough to burn, and if tho onu who (loon tho dipping is an export, it will bo nearly as smooth and oven as tho 'otoro' article. No pioturosquo fancied can bo woven about tho scientific light, of tho present day. Neither gas nor electricity have superstitious to endear tho.n to the bearts of people. They aro purely commercial and enter not, at all into the lives of tho family in a sentimental way. ' Thoro is a lottor in the gas' would have no meaning ; if gas were capable of such an intuition it would bo a bill that would bo in dicated. Butf jlks who are old now will re member tho fluttering spark 'that would always cause tho remark— iwv,' illustrated in a favorite song — 'There's a letter in the candle.' They will rommnbesr, too, when Bitting up with somo dear friond who was ill, how tho guttering grease would form a shroud on the edge of the eiindlo, and the test of snob occasions, to nuddunlj blow out, the light and then iu.-'.tantly blow it in a(;aih ; of caudles that sputtered and burned blue as a ghost passed through tho room. Thoso arc old .'iupai-i'.titioii:!, rooted in th« falkloru of the country. In tho old ballad of ' Lorenzo tho Bravo' it is recorded : 1 The doiTH «s thoy eyed him drew baok in affright, And tins lights in tho chambor burned blue.' It would have boon a cruel awakening to those who boliovod in tbeso old superstitions to have explained to thom the reason why tho flanio of the candle burned blue— that tho chingo was due to the system of chromatics, every ray of light consisting of tho seven primary colors oft tho chemical combination of the hydrogen with oxygen. Swift wrote : ; 'The Squire ho dropped his pen full soon, ; . Whereat tho lights burned bluely .' Tho bni'/light seen to rise from tho decay ing matter of marshes and forus is called by tho superstitious ' corpse cini'ilos.' ' fetch lights,' or ' dead man's candles.' If the light is a small one, it is .supposerl to predict tho death of a child ; whilo a largo ono moiins an adult. It is related of Saint Gudula, who existed in tho seventh century,- that sho possessed the miraculous power, if her candle wero blown out, of pniying the flamo back again, for whichroiiBon sho 18 represented in hor pioturo with a lantern. It was the old Boman custom to burn cimdlos to tho Goddess Fobrua, the mothor of Mars, to frighton away tho ovil spirits. Tho antiquity of the cuudlo taken us buck to tho timo of Alfred tho Great, tho first king of England who burned caudles to moiiBuro timo. Theso timo caudles were tapern mado of wax, each taper twolvo inches long, aud capable of burning four hours. Six of those last twenty-four hours. Tho present style of candle was used first in tho fourteenth century. In M8t a com pany was formed in London for the manu facture of wax oamllcH. Tho models wore tho in volition of a Frenchman. In 185G, after the discovery of gas, uii im provomout of Kin;,' Alfred's motbod was putouted in England, iu which caudles wero mado with indentations, or colors, to indicate the timo. Tho marks stood for quarter lioura half hours and houra. Thore aro two largo candle manufacturing ' establishments in London, ono of which covers twelvo acres of ground. Candles aro still in constant daily use in London and on tho continent. In country homes tbo visitor will find hia bedroom candlestick awaiting his uso on n tab'o iu tho hall — a flat eaudlo stiok with an extinguisher, it not being either customary or convenient to carry a flaming candlo hi a parlor ' stick.' Tho tray of tho bedroom candlestick IioMb matches, and receives any drops of iiot tallow or wax which may drop — a certainty when candles aro earriod in draughts. At firut there woro but two kinds, wax or tallow; but many improvements woro mado by tho introduction of spormacoti, which wiib first liBud in 1S-12 and in un American invon tiou : sperm, paruuiuc and composite candles, which havo been vory popular. Tho piirailine caudles woro bailed with delight, for they required no nuiinrijc. But it was found too soft for a warm ballroom, and at u coronation ball given by Maximilian in Mox ico tho dresBOs of the noble ladies present wore ruined by tho melting- and dripping of tho candles, so that the ball broke up in consequence. Tho great beauty and high illuminating power of wax candlos .mado them superior to till others. They wero of a t'azzling white, tho wax being bluaohed to tho greatest point it iu capable of, find rosin put iu to givo it. a brittlo Bubatnnoo, detected by its peculiar odor whilo burning. The colored wax raudleu aro made by the addition of Prussian bhio, ohromato of potassia for yellow, ver minion for red, and carmine ior crimson. Therr mo German wax, pearl wax and Venetian. Tbeio is a candle procomjion in Bomo and i tboi- Catbolio oitics of Kuropo ou tbo 2d day of Fobruary, otherwise knows uu Can dlemas day, when all tho caudles that will bo used tho ensuing year are consecrated. It wan formerly a pagan custom, whou can dles woro burned— as they aro to thio day in nomo countries — to frighten away tho ovil apirita. 1 On Candlemas day Candles and caudlestioku throw ull away.' Tho candle io a favorite illustration with tho Doeta for lifo itsulf. ' Out, tjriof oaudle,' Sha&eapaaro; happily says; and again: 1 Nlght'u oandles are burned out.' ' Tho Riinio is not worth tho caudle' ia an old say imy, and another one is ' Burning life's candlo at both ends,' 