NOVHL. — . I ASING'S PEBIL. BY CAPTAIN CHARLES KING. CHAPTER IV. — (Cootixtjed.) It was still dark . and storming furiously when the bugles of the battery sounded the reveille, and by the light of the swinging lanfcemn of men marched away in their can vas stable rig, looking like a - column of ghosts, let, despite the gale and the tor rents of rain, Pierce was in no wise surprised to find Cram at his elbow when the horses were led oat to water. ' Groom in-doors this morning, Mr. Pierce. Is Waring home?' 'No, sir; Ananias told me when he brought me my coffee.' ' Hold the morning report, then, until I come to the office. I fear we have both first is lieutenants to report absent to-day. jou and I may have to go to town so get your breakfast early. We will ride. I . doubt if even an ambulance could get through. Tell me, Pierc9, have you spoken to Waring about —about that matter we were discussing P Has be ever given you any idea thas he had received warning of any kind from old Las- cellen— or any of his friends ?' ' No, Sir. I've had no chance to speak, to ho sure. and. so far as I could observe, be and Mr, Lascelles seemed on every, excellent teima only a few days ago.' ' Well, I wish I had spoken myself,' said Cram, and turned away. That morning, with two first lieutenants absent without leave, the report of Light Battery 'X' went into the" adjutant's office just a its commander and his junior subalt ern went out and silently mounted the drip ping horses standing in front. The two orderlies, with their heads poked through the slit of their ponchos, briskly seated themselves in saddle, and then the oolonel. hurried forth just m time to hail, — .'Oh, Cram! one minute.' And Cram reined abont and rode to the side of the post commander, who stood under the shelter of the broad gallery. '- 'I wouldn't say anything about this to any .-. ono at head quarters except Reynolds. There is no one else on the staff to whom Waring would apply, is there ?' 'No one, sir. Reynolds is the only man I can think of.' " 'Will yon send an orderly back with word as soon as you know?' , 'Yes, sir, the moment I hear. And-d— j,; shall I send you word from — there,'— and i Gram nodded northward, and then, in a lower i tone,—' as to Doyle ?' 1 Oh, drop Doyle ! I don't care, if he never 1 But here the commander of the po3t regained control of himself, and with part ing ware of the hand turned baok to his office. Riding in single file np the levee, . for the, city road was one long pool, with the swollen nver on their left, and the slanting torrents of rain obscuring all objects on the other c hand, the party made its way for several squares without exchanging a word. Presently the leading file came opposite the nigh wall of the Lascelles place. The green v latticed gate stood open, — an unusual thing, —and both officers hunt low over their pom- . nelg and gazed along the dark, rain-swept alley to the pillared portico dimly seen be yond. Not a soul was in sight. The water was already on a level with the banquette, aud would soon be running across and into he gate. A vagabond dog skulking about e pale gave vent, to a mournful howl, siwdtathoaght struck the captain. He the way down the alone and forded ( cro.s to the north side, the others follow ing. ' Joyce,' said ho to . his orderly, ' dis- iUa h1 there and ring at the door, i 4 j Lascelles is home. If not, ask i , Madame has any message she would like i vjCg> 4o WI1> or if we can be of any ser- i '' r.,\£0ler was but a moment, and n lr,6 TO'OB hack, a negro boy, holding n n? U matting over his head to shed ' phonsT' Dg ab Ma heel8- 14 waB M' i uf jlea' not yet of return,' said he, in i 'and w iran tiQ of his negro French, I villv j ® remain chez Madame d'Her- ' basftar 'am e w,z my mudder, and she 1'8 right, I fancy,' said Cram, i Btoun j 8BW your gate open, so wo damoa'tr m3ure' We'll ride over to Ma- I - Wnf Herv%'8 and ask for them. How -C raaeyour gate open ?' lof LCtnight.'Pa8; IdUnE0' Bare' ItWaS tlat'B 0(H,' said Cram. 'Better will I -W| r aR the cattle along the levee ' Pater «. , erp You can't look out the LaECfii'in Tir' Who hadtho key besides' Mr. <30r Madame ' ver the0<'- ' k,lt' there iBinuady foots all I tnent6 have to look iu for a mo- f from a. ??, h Pierce brought him too reing +n , 0> and the officers handed their 1 cnterpl n orderlies. Then together ' they I 'tell w« y Sate .and strode up the white 1 fhroj,b fi! looking curiously' about- them I ft-it tW i , "ripping shrubbery. - Again smal howl v?ea raised sad Pierce, |8topping.with impatient exclamation,., tore? half a brick from the yielding border of the walk and sent it hurtling through the trees. With his tail between Mb legs, the brute darted from behind a 7 sheltering bush, Bourried avray around the corner of the house, glancing fearfully back, then, halting at cafe distance, squatted on his haunches and lifted up his mournf ul voice again. ' Whose dog is that ?' demanded Cram. 4 M'aieu' Philippe's r he not no here. He is de;brudder to Monsieur.' . At the steps the . captain bent and closely examined them and the floor of the low veranda to which they led. . Both ' were dis figured with muddy footprints . Pierce would have gone still further in the investigation, but his senior held up a warning hand. ' Two men have been, here,' he mattered. ; ' They have tried the door and tried the blinds. — Where did you sleep last, night, boy ?' and with . the words he turned suddenly on the negro. ' Did you hear no sound ?' ' No, sare. I slept in my bed,— 'way back. No. I hear nothing, — -nothing.-' And now the negro's face was twitohing, his .eyes staring. Something in the soldier's stern voice told him that there was' tragedy in the air. ' If this door is locked, go round and open it from within,' said Cram, briefly. Then, as Alphonse disappeared , around the north side, he stepped back to the shell walk and followed, one of its branches around the other. An instant later Pierce heard him call. .Hastening in his wake, .the youngster came upon his captain - standing- under a win dow, one of whose blinds was hanging partly open, water standing in' pools all around Mm. ' Look here,' was all he said; and pointed .upward. ; The sill was above the level of their heads,' but both conld see that the sash was raised. All was darkness within. ! \- ' Come with me,' was Cram's next order, and the lieutenant followed. Alpbonse was! unlocking the front dor, and now threw it. open. Cram , strode into the wide hall-' way straight to a door of the east side. It was locked. ' Open this, Alphonse,' he said. ' I have not the key. It is ever with M'siea' Lascelles. It is his library.' Cram stepped hack, gave one. vigorous kiok with a heavy riding-boot, anid the frail door flew open with a crash. For a moment the darkness was such that no . object conld be distinguished within. The negro servant hang hack, trembling from some indefinable dread. The captain, his hand on , the door- knob, stepped quickly into the gloomy ap artment, Pierce close at hi heels. A broad, flat-topped desk Btood in the. centre of the room. Some shelves .and books were dimly visible against the wall. Some of the drawers of the desk were open, and there was a litter of papers on the desk, and others were strown in the big rattan chair, some on the floor. Two. student-lamps conld be dimly dis tinguished, one on the big desk, another on. a little reading table plaoecl not far from the eourii window, whose blinds, half open, ad mitted almost the only light that entered the room.- "With his head near this, reading- table and faintly visible, a bamboo lounge stretched its length towards the southward windows, where all was darkness, and some thing vague and indistinguishable lay ex tended upon the lounge. Cram marohed half-way across the floor,- then stopped short, glanced down, stepped quickly to one side, shifting his heavily-booted feet as though to avoid some such muddy pool as those en countered, without. . ' Take care,' he whisoered, and motioned warmly to Pierce. ' Come here and open these shutters, Alphonse,'. were the next nrnwlfl "Rnf. irmrja « crnin f.Kaf. -nrnlnrt crprl mal, mournful howl was heard under the bnu<h window, audthe negro, seized with un controllable panic, turned. -baok and clung trembling to the opposite wall. ' Send ono of the men for the post surgeon at once, then come back here,' said the cap tain, and Pierce hastened to the gate. As he returned, the west shutters were being thrown open. There was light when he re-entered thp.room, and this was what he saw. On the China matting, running from underneath the sofa, fed by heavy drops from above, a dark wet stain. On the lounge, stretched at full length, a stiffening human shape, a yellow- white, parchment-lifee faoe above the black clothing, a bluish, half-opened mouth whose yellow teeth showed savagely, a fallen chin and jaw, covered with the gray stubble of nnshaved. beard, and two staring, sight less, ghastly eyes fixed and upturned as though in agonized appeal. Stone-dead, — murdered, doubtless,— all that was loft of the little Frenchman Lascelles. : CHAPTER V. All that day the storm, raged in fury ; the levee road was blocked in places by the boughs torn from overhanging trees, and here, there, and everywhere turned inte a quagmire by the torrents that conlctfind no adequate egress to the nothward swamps. For over a mile above the barracks it looked like one vast canal, and by nine o'clock it was utterly impassable. No cars were van ning on the dilapidated read to the r half way house,' whatever they might he doing beyond. There was only one means of com-' munication between the garrison and the town, and that, on horseback along the crest of the levee, and the people in the second- story windows of the' store and dwelling houses along the other side of the way, driven aloft by the drenched condition of the ground floor, were surprised to see the num ber of times some Yankee soldier, or other made the dismal trip.. Cram, with a party of four, was perhaps the first. Before the dripping sentries of the old guard were re- ieved at nine o'clock every man and woman at the barracks was aware that fonl murder had been done during the night, and that old Lascelles, slain by some unknown hand, slashed and hacked in a dozen places, ac cording to the stories afloat, lay in his trloomy old library up the levee rosd, with a flood already a foot deep wipintr out from the grounds abont the house all tracers of his assailants. Dr. Denslow, in examining the body, found just one deep, downward stab, entering above the upper, rib and . .doubtless reaching the heart,— a stab made by a long, sharp, straight, two-edged blade. He had bepn dead evidently 'some hours when dis- covered by Cram, who had now gone to town to warn the authorities, old Brax meantime having taken upon himself the responsibility of placing a guard at the house, with orders to keep Alphonse and his mother. : in and everybody else out. , Jt is hardly worth while to waste time oa the various theories advanced in tie gar rison as to the cause and means of . the dread ful climax. That Doyle should be away from the post provoked neither cpmment nor speculation: he was not connected m any way with the tragedy. Bat the fact that Mr Waring was absent all night, coupled with the stories of his devotion to Madame, was to several minds prima facie evidence that this wa« the bloody hand that wrought the deed —that he was now a fugitive from justice, and Madame Lascelles, beyond doubt, the guilty partner of his flight. Everybody knew by this time of their being together much of the morning: how- conld they help knowing, when Dryden had seen them r In his elegantly jocular way, Dryden was al ready condoling with Ferry on the probable lows of his Hatfield clothes, and comtortmpr bim with the assurance that they always gave a fellow a new black suit to be hanged 1 in, so he might get his, duds back after all, only they must get Waring first. Jeffera doubtless would have been besieged with questions but for Cram's foresight: his master had ordered. him to accompany bun to town. ... In silence a second time tha little party rode away, passing the flooded homestead where lay the murdered man, then; farther on, gazing in mute curiosity at the closed shutters of the preihises some infantey satu> iets had already ohriateaed ' the dQTO-oot« What pared they for, him or his objection able helpmate P Still, they could not hnt note how gloomy and deserted it all ap peared, with two feet of water lapping the garden wall. Summoned by Ms master, Jeffers knuckled his oil- skin hat -brim and pointed, out the spot where Mr. Waring stood when he knocked the cabman into the mud, but Jeffers' tongue was tied and his cockney volubility gone. The tracks made by Cram's wagon np the slope were already washed out. Bending forward to dodge the blinding storm, the party pushed along the embankment until at last the avenues and alleys to their right gave proof of better drainage. At Rampart Street they separated, Pierce "going on to report the tragedy to the police, Cram, turning to his right and follow ing the broad thoroughfare another mile, until Jeffers, indicating a big, old-fashioned, bread-galleried Southern house standing in the midst of grounds once trim and hand some, hat now showing signB of neglect and penury, simply said, "Ere, sir.' And here the party dismounted. . Cram entered the gate and pnlled a olang- ihg bell. The door was almost instantly opened by a, colored girl, at whose side, with eager joyous face, was the pretty child he had seen so often playing about the Lascelles homestead, and the eager joyouB look faded instantly away. ' She t'ink it M'sieur Vareeng who comes to arrive,' explained the smiling colored giri. 'Ah! It is Madame d'Hervilly I wish to Bee, answered Cram, briefly. 'Please take her my card.' And, throwing off Ms drip ping rain- coat and tossing it to Jeffers, who had followed to the ' verandah, the captain Btepped within the hall and held forth his hands to Nin Nin, begging her to come to hiin who was so good & friend to Mr. War ing. But she would not. The tears of dis appointment were in the dark eyes as the little one turned and ran away. Cram could hear the gentle, soothing tones of the mother striving to console her little one, — this one widowed and the other orphaned by tlid tid ings he bore. Even then he noted how musical, how full of rich melody, was that soft Creole voice. And then Madame d'Hervilly appeared, a stately, dignified, picturesque gentlewoman of perhaps fifty year's. She greeted him with punctilious civility, but with manner as distent as her words were few., , '.I have come on a trying errand,' he be gan, when she held, up a slender, jewelled hand." ' Pardon. Permettez.— Madame Lascelles,' she called, and before Cram could find words to interpose, a servant was speeding to sum mon the very woman he had hoped not to have to see. "-'Oh, madame,' he. murmured low, hur riedly, ' I deplore my ignorance. I can not speak French. Try to understand me. Mr. Lascelles is home, dangerously strioken. I fear the worst. You must tell her.' "OmeP La bas P C'est impossible.' ' It is true,' he burst in, for the swish of silken skirt , was heard down the long passage. 'II est mort,— mort,' he whis pered, mustering np what little French he kmew and then cursing himself for an im becile. . . ' Mort ! O ciel !' The words came with a shriek of;anguiah from the lips of the elder woman and were echoed . by a soreara from beyond. ' In an instant, wild-eyed horror- stricken, Emilie Lascelles had sprung to her tottering mother's side. ' When P What mean you P she gasped. ' Madame Lascelles. he sadly spoke, ' I had hoped, to spare you this, but it is too late now. Mr. Lascelles was found lying on. the sofa in his library, this morning. He had died hours before, duriug tho night.' Ana tnen ne nad to spring and catch the fainting woman in his arms. She was still moaning, and only semi-conscious, when the. old family doctor and her brother, Pierre d'Hervilly, arrived. ,_ Half an hour later Cram astonished the aides-de-camp and other bored staff officials by appearing at the general loafing-room at head quarters. To the chorus of inquiry as. to what brought him up in such a atom he made brief reply, and then asked imme diately to speak with the adjutant- general and Lieutenant Reynolds, and, to the disgust and mystification of all the others, he dis appeared with these into an adjoining room. There he briefly told the former of the mur der, and then asked for a word with the junior. Reynolds was a character. Tall, hand some, and distinguished, he- had served throughout the war as a volunteer, doing no end of good work, and getting many a word of praise, hut; as all his service was as a staff officer, it was his general who reaped the reward of his labors. He had risen, of course, to tho rank of major in the- staff in the volunteers, and everybody had prophesied that he would be appointed a major in the adjutant or inspector-general's department in the permanent establishment. But there were not enongh places by any means, and the few vacancies went to men who knew better how to work for themselves. ' Take a lieutenancy now, and we will fix you by and bv,' was the suggestion, and so it resulted that here he was tUree years after the war wearing the modest strap of a second lieutenant; doing the duties and accepting the" responsibilities of a far higher grade, and being patronized by 'seniors who were as mnch his inferiors in rank as they were in ability daring the war days. Everybody said it was a shame, and nobody helped to better his lot. He was a man whose counsel was valuable on all manner of subjects. Among other things, he was well versed in all that pertained to the code' of honor as it existed in the ante-bellnm days,— had him self been 'out,' and, as was well known, had bnt recently officiated as second for tin officer who had need ' of his services. He and Waring were friends from® the start, and Gram connted on tidings of his absent sub altern in appealing to him. Great, therefore, was Ms consternation when in reply to his inquiry Reynolds proniptljr answered that he had neither seen nor heard from Waring in over forty eight hours. This was a facer. What's wrong. Cram 'Read that, said the captain, placing a daintily-written note in the aide-de-camp's hand. It was brief, but explicit : (Tc bb OoBPrrotiBo.) Professor (returning home at night, Rears noise): Is some one there? Burglar (under the bed) : No ! Professor: That's strange ! I was positive some one was under my bed. A prize of one guinea offered for the best definition of 'life' has been awarded for the following definition : 1 Life— A trial trip be fore the launch into eternity.'" Visitor—' I should think you would be afraid to give your children so much cake. Hostess— ' I am. Those are my next neighr bor's boys.' — Chicago Inter Ocean. " Father (impressively) : Suppose T should be taken away suddenly, what would become of you, my hoy? Irreverent Son : I'd s'av hero. The question is, What would become of you? 2 ' You8hould have seen Dudell when T told him you were going to break his face.' ' Why, what happened ?' ' Nothing, only his countenance fell.'— Buffalo Courier. She — ' Why do they have favorites in horse races?' He — ' Er — to show people what blanked chumps they were for not playing the outsiders.'— Buffalo Courier. Fortune- Teller : ' Yciu may in time make an income, hut you will never be rich.' Young Man7: 'Eh? Why not?' f You are not saving. You are wasteful. . ' H'm ; well, I'm afraid'that is true. Yoii have a wonderful gift! How did you know I- was wasteful ?' . ' You have' just wasted half-a-crown in getting your fortune told.' 