"MODERN COSTS AND SPIRITUALISM." LECTURE BY THE REV. H. R. HAWEIS. Mr. Haweis took an excursion into the occult region for a subject for his Saturday night's lecture at the Athenum-hall, which, as usual, was filled by a large, attentive, and interested audience. As can be understood by those who have been present at any of his lectures, his treatment of an attractive theme was especially effective and thoroughly entertaining He took up the rate of a sympathetic outsider." He acknowledged that much fraud and deceit were pram used by spirit mediums, who were strongly tempted to resort to conjuring tricks winn legitimate phenomena were not available, but to condemn spiritualism entirely) on that account were unreasonable, As well might it be said that as honest- law ) er or righteous clergyman existed. Not only Bouiet), but literature and Science, had been " bitten by the faculty" and the time had arrived for careful inquiry). 'Hu maple who asked "Are these things lawful I made him wild. If this stand were to be taken up there would be no progress The art of ballooning would never have been CIIHCOVC red, and no one would allow himself to be put under chloroform It was quite possible that occult his ruling and Hteonil sight might be put to wonderous utility) in the future In con unction with the branch of his subject relating more particularly to ghosts, Mr. Haweis told several remarkable anecdotes supplied by friends, though he was unable to relate my personal experiences, and he put forward the hypothesis that every person might have his "double' -ins thought body as well as his physical body, that time were times when the thought body might leave its corporal engagement and render itself visible to friends far away and that death meant its final di pictures for other spheres The thought body might also under tqncml circumstances make Use is apparent after death. Mr Haweis led him and nee skilfully) to that point when the) final) craved for some "spook" lmiiiifcJtiiuouH, and, in default of the genuine article, he summoned a tundra lantern to him and to exhibit on a canvas photographs taken at spirit council the honesty of which he was quite prepared to vouch for, and a very ugly e able two hours entertainment was thus brought to a close Three more lectures are announced, the subject for to night being " Marriage Is It failure'' 