The Bachelors' Holiday. (By ALEXANDER SMALL, B.LI, in the People's Journal.) Extracted from the Diary of George Barker, Law Clerk, Edinburgh. Mrs. Macpherson's, Victoria Villa, Battery Hill, Oban, July 18 HERE we are, settled in the most com fortable quarters we could wish for, and with the most glorious view, I suppose, in the world. There lies the bay, its waters now smooth as a mill pond covered with craft of every description. And there lies the isles of Lismore and Kererra gleaming like emeralds, while away in the distance and forming a mag nificent background, the frowning hills of Mull raise their Titan shoulders into the clouds. Ah! this is the place for scenery; and as for the sunsets, they are sublime. I saw one last night so gor geous in color that even Waller Faton's firiest purple would pale before it. If the weather only continues like this we should have a' splendid holiday. We are the Misogynist Club; there are six of us, and we represent Law, Medicine, Divinity, Art, Music, and Literatuie. Our tastes are therefore varied, but we all agree (first) that Woman in the abstract, and especially New Woman, is abominable, and (secondly) that Oban is the nearest approach to Paradise we have yet seen. I (who follow the law-with reluctance, and always in the hope of something better turning up) am Secretary of the Club. Besides me there are TOM SPILLSBY, medical student; JEREMIAH COOK, a budding D.D.; MICHAEL ANGELO JENKINS, artist, who has just got his first (and I believe it will be his last) picture into the Academy; FRED MOZART, who sells music on the week days and plays the organ on Sundays; and last but not least (for he is six feet two), HORACE WATTS, reporter on the staff of the Happy Dispatch, and author of a volume of verse called " Laurel Buds," which has been terribly slated by the critics. Watts is our President. We chose him because although we all hate women, he fairly eclipsed us in his scathing denunciation ot everything femi nine. There's a mystery about Watts. It's my belief he has been engaged, and has rued his experience. He is sallow in-countenance, with longish dark hair, and a heavy moustache, and goes about with a slightly Byronic air. The Club owes its foundation to me. It was purely my idea, and I am proud of it. Six months ago my cousin Mary, whom I foolishly admired, wedded a wealthy brewer, who might have been (but wasn't) her grandfather. I intended jumping from the Dean Bridge, but as that was too common, I struck out an original idea, and founded the Misogynist Club. We are all sworn bachelors. Spillsby says no doctor nowadays can afford to marry; Cook believes in celibacy for the clergy; Jenkins would be " ruined for an artist" if he took a wife; Mozart thinks the Club will save him trouble from the female members of his choir. We meet monthly for essays and debates; and we have a system of fines which are rigidly exacted : five shillings for escorting a girl home, ten shillings for treating her to a ball, opera, or concert-sisters not counted. The entry money is five pounds, which is forfeited by any member who so far forgets himself as to offer marriage to a lady. We are wearing up our old clothes here. Watts and I are in shabby tweeds. Jeremiah, who is stout, rosy, and red haired, has a bicycle suit; Jenkins wears his velvet jacket and his longest hair; Mozart, who is pale, and thin as a needle, is in full Highland costume, and tries to talk Gaelic, while Spillsby, who is side whiskered and farmer-like, is got up like a yachtsman. We came intending to "do" the neigh- j borhood thoroughly, and had to pay extra luggage for guide books and maps; but we have not got further yet than the Esplanade and the bandstand. As usual we strolled down to the beach to-day. We went along a bit where it was quiet, and began amusing ourselves by throwing stones into the sea. Watts did not join. He looked on, smoked cigarettes, and made jeering remarks. Jeremiah happened to be wearing a straw hat, which Spillsby seized and pitched into the water, shouting-4 There's a target for you, boys I' In spile of poor Jeremiah's protestations, his head-gear, which was bobbing up and down in the waves, was assailed by a fusillade of stones. Then ensued a row ; and while we were all laughing and roaring, and behaving like a lot of idiots, suddenly emerged from behind a rock, where she had been quietly reading, a handsome and well-dressed young lady. 01 course -,he had seen all our frolics, and her face showed what she thought of us. Without designing to cast another glance in our direction she picked her way over the stones to the road, and walked into the town. I felt ashamed. Spillsby muttered that we ought to apolo gise for disturbing her reading; and Jeremiah, who had flushed red, declared that it was too bad that he should have to stand there hatless, like a fool 1 I happened, however, to cast a glance in the direction of Watts, and saw that he had sprung to his feet, and was gazing open-mouthed and pale as death, after our swiftly vanishing divinity. ' What's up ?' I cried. ' Have you seen a ghost ?' 'Shut up!' he answered brutally. ' Don't be a fool! Can't you see I've sprained this blessed ankle of mine again?' and he began to limp painfully in the direction of the town. ' Where are you going ?' I asked in surprise. ' Back at once,' lie answered sharply. ' We've had enough tomfoolery for one day.' ' Sorry you're so bad, old chappie,' I said, trying to humor liitn ; 'just lean on me, and I'll help you.' He took my proffered arm, and the others having come up by this time, we all walked along together. ' I say ! Wasn't she a stunner ? ejacu lated Spillsby. 1 What a pity you hadn't your camera! rejoined Jeremiah. 'A lovely apparition sent to be a moment's ornament!' murmured Jen kins ; and Mozart, not to be behind, quoted ' Grace was in all her steps, Heaven in her eye, in every gesture dig- j nity and love.' But Watts burst in angrily, ' You're a parcel of fools; enough of this nonsense!' I winked to the fellows, and they lingered behind, while I took Waits to | our lodgings, laid him on the sofa, and gave him "The Heavenly Twins," Browning's poems, and " Three Men in a Boat" to read, and sallied forth again. I thought I might as well try to get another glimpse of the fair lady, and by good luck I espied her turning down a side street. In the interest of the others I thought it my duty to follow her. 1 saw that her dress was plain but neat, she had no gloves, and did not wear a ring. But I never saw a sweeter face, or a more perfectly proportioned figure. It is a pity that Nature should make I dangerous things so outwardly attractive! I saw her go right in at the door of the Alexandra Hotel, and I summoned up courage to enter that palatial establish- i ment }u«t behind her and order a glass ! of lemonade. When the waiter returned, I was just about to ask if he knew who the lady was who preceded me, when a roar of laughter at my elbow made me turn round-and I biush to write it there were those ill-mannered fellows Spillsby, Jenkins, and Mozart. Of course they had "come to spy on the young lady, and Jeremiah would have been there, too, if he had had a hat. 'So I've spoiled your little game!' I said. ' Hear him!' they jeered, ' as if we didn't see what you were up to, and follow you on purpose ?' ? I'll bring this before the Club, I j threatened. We came at last to an amicable ar rangement, and Spillsby, who had most, cheek, undertook to tip the waiter and make inquiries. Our lemonade cost us about two shillings a head, but we dis covered that the lady was a Miss Grace Louisa Arbottle, from England, under stood to be a music teacher or governess in a w.ealthy family who are coming to Oban in a week or two. Ah ! what might we not do in that week or two i we used our opportunities. We met Jeremiah, liatless, outside, and to hisi eager inquiry, 1 Who is she ?' Mozart, who is in the habit of composing what he calls poetry, answered- ] " Truly, said X, such a charmer ! As I never saw before. One who well might fill the place of Edgar Allan^ lost Lenore ; Sadly then I saw her enter At the Alexandra door. Found she was an English maiden, Music teacher .. nothing more ?' Was I mistaken, or did the mention of her name when we got back to the lodgings cause Watts to blush to the roots of his hair? Of course we dis cussed the lady freely, but he frowned upon us terribly. We all admitted she was an exception to her sex. Spillsby, with a very mercantile mind, proposed we should turn the Club into a Limited Liability Company, and take shares in the young lady. ' I propose,' said Mozart, 1 thai our President be ask^d to make her an offer of marriage on behalf of the lot.' ? That's reversing the Bri ham Young tactics with a vengeance,' said Jenkins. ' What about our principles ?' said I. 'Oh !' answered Jeremiah, 'we don't need to change them very much. For merly we hp.ted all women ; now it's all women, with the exception of one.' ' The first thing to be done is to make the lady's acquaintance,' said the practi cal Spillsby. A boot shied at him by Watts from the sofa broke up the discussion.. I don't know what's up with Watts, but he won't be persuaded to go out, and he seems to have taken a sudden and I unaccountable dislike to Oban. We finally went out without him to-day, and paraded the beach with the regularity of a sentry, but the divinity did not show herself. We felt rather depressed, but never mentioned her name, and each asked the other why we didn't go some where, and got no satisfactory answer. In the evening I went out with Jeremiah to take a stroll, and admire the sunset, and when near Dunolly Castle, to my amazement I saw Michael Angelo Jenkins come walking along with the young lady beside him, chatting to her as coolly as if she had been his sister. ' Jeremiah,' said I, 1 you are a witness. Ten shillings for this!' We stared hard at the pair, and tried to make the fellow feel guilty, but he brushed past unabashed. We had the mortification of seeing him receive a bow and a sweet smile as he parted with her at the hotel door. We rushed after him wildly. ' How in the world did you manage it ?' asked Jeremiah, breathlessly. ' Business, first,' I interrupted. ' I'll thank you to hand over your fine of ten shillings.' ' It's only five,' he answered, ' but I'll make it ten if you like; it's quite worth the money. I'll give you an I.O.U.' It turned out he had seen, casually of course, the young lady reading on the beach. It was getting chilly, and she rose to walk into town, but forgot her waterproof, which the far-seeing Jenkins picked up and used as a card of intro duction. ' And she's the frankest creature in the world ?' he cried, enthusiastically. ' I told her all about you fellows, and how lonely we felt, and she said she didn't know a single person here to speak to; so I said we would call for her to-morrow, and go to see Dunstaffnage together.' Jeremiah flung his cap into the air and ejaculated,' Hooray I Good old Jenkins I Three cheers for Jenkins !' But I was perfectly aghast at the fellow's impu dence. The tour to DunstafTnage has actually come off. At the last moment Watts refused to go. Jeremiah said it would have to be a pic-nic, and he stuffed enough of provisions into a hamper to last a week, and then left them behind I Jenkins insisted on sitting beside Miss Arbottle on the coach (we went by coach, and returned on foot), and took the opportunity of putting his arm behind his companion's back in a way that was mean. He was so engrossed in the scenery that he did not notice to hold on his hat when we passed under some trees, and the over-hanging branches swept it off, and before poor Jenkins recovered his headgear, Spillsby had coolly taken his seat. At the Castle, however, I had the pleasure of handing the lady down, and so secured the opportunity of acting as her guide, leading her by the hand up and down the narrow and dangerous stairs of the ruined building. I could have wished that afternoon to last for ever! The pic-nic, owing to Cook's thoughtfulncss, did not come off; but we had some fun at his expense, and a delightful walk home. Our fair ' lady was in high spirits, and the weather was glorious. I wondered what was making Jenkins so industrious of late. I saw his sketch book to-day, however, and 1 have counted thirty-seven distinct and different views of Miss Arbottle's head, none of them nearly good enough in my opinion. I shall have to bring this before the Club. Mozart has gone and done the shame fullest thing. I noticed that since we made the lady's acquaintance he dressed better, and gave himself airs, and carried his umbrella as religiously as if he were going to church. Alas! that I did not guess the meaning of that umbrella. We had all, including Miss Arbottle, been out for a row. As we came back the sky darkened a liule, and a fev drops fell as we walked along the shore. There wasn't enough altogether to drown a mouse, but Mozart insisted upon putting up his umbrella to shield his fair friend, and he had actually the audacity to offer his arm. When I told this to Watts he nearly swore. ' She's a flirt, like all her sex I' he muttered. Mozart was too lazy to return a book to the library to-day, so I took it for him, and found inside the MS. of a poem ad dressed to Grace Louisa. The original, I presume, is destined for her. I have sent the MS. to the local newspaper. It is to be printed, and when it appears on Saturday, won't Mozart be wild I There is one member less in the Club. Michael Angelct Jenkins has been ex pelled 1 This is how it happened. After the umbrella incident, Mozart missed his gingham. It is my belief that Jenkins destroyed it. Jealousy, we know, is a great incentive to love, and the thought of what Mozart might do precipitated matters with Jenkins. He deliberately called for Miss Arbottle, took her out for a walk in the evening, and made her an offer of his, the said Michael Angelo Jenkin's hand and neart I He was on his knees on the shingle, and Miss Grace Louisa had kindly but firmly to warn him that if he knelt there much longer he would be swept away by the tide. He came back with such a woe- begone countenance that we soon had a full con fession, and he was solemnly expelled from the membership of the Club. Yesterday we visited Iona, and with dreadful result. It was the Divinity student's idea. Jeremiah Cook wished to plant his feet in the sacred footsteps of the sainted Columbia. ' But, I say, what had Columbus to do with Iona ?' asked Spillsby, with an inno cent air. ' Did he discover it, too?' 'Columbus, you goose,' answered the horrified Jeremiah. ' Will somebody lend him a history ?' Miss Arbottle cheerfully agreed to go with us. She was anxious to see Fingal's j Cave. Walls could not even be per suaded to see us olT. He growled that he wasn't going to get up in the middle of the night. Of course there was ail early start, and a hurried breakfast. Our friend Jeremiah, who was to be pioneer and guide, took the lady under his special charge, and for a while discoursed volubly on Church history and ancient monuments, till something went wrong internally, and he Smiled a kind of sickly smile, and curled up upon the floor, And the subsequent proceedings interested liirn no more. It was a little rough going round Mull, and I was glad when we touched terra firma at Staffa and Iona. But as for Jeremiah, he was even worse returning than going. He secretly rejoiced in being sick, I believe, for the way that woman nursed him would have done credit to a Fry or a Nightingale nursing a wounded hero. I think that was what helped to bring on the crisis. He managed to get the lady alone, threw himself at her feet, declared in passionate terms that she had saved his life, and asked her to become Mrs. Jeremiah I The lady showed her good sense by de clining the honor. The wrath of the Club, however, could not be appeased without his expulsion ; so he, too, forfeits his entry money. All the more to the sensible chaps who remain ! Mozart has been acting strangely for the last day or two. He assured me privately that Miss Arbottle plays di vinely, and sings like an angel; and he raved away about affinities and the union of artistic souls, and all that rubbish. Still it was only an accident that revealed what he had been up to. He had been showing a feverish anxiety to get letters, and none had come for him. To-day the postman brought a letter which had been returned through the Dead Letter Office. I opened it, absent-mindedly, before I noticed that it was addressed to Mr. Mozart. What 1 read nearly made my blood run cold. I immediately sum moned a meeting ot the remaining members of the Club, and read to them the letter, which proved to be a passion ale love epistle to Miss Arbottle, in which the writer offered to abjure all the Misogynists and all their works forever, and go in for the higher exams of the Royal Academy of Music, if dear Grace would only say she would be his. There was any quantity of poetry and senti ment. But Mozart had in his idiotic condition addressed this precious-epistle to Edinburgh instead of Oban, and so it had been returned. ' There's one thing in the culprit's favour,' 1 admitted ' viz., that the letter never reached its destination. But the guilt lies .in the intention.' Mozart protested that this damning piece of evidence had been wrongously obtained, but as he i would not retract what he had written-(' He gloried in it,' he said)-he was solemnly expelled. We shall have a fine dinner off the forfeited fentry money when it comes to the dividing'of the spoil. Well, I thought Spillsby'would have had more sense. I am disappointed in Spillsby. As a man who meanfc 'to be a doctor he ought to have shown more self-control. ' The Highland Gaines took place yes terday. Miss Arbottle had never seen any of those barbarian exhibitions, and of course would be delighted to go. Alas! the momingbroke dismally, the skies were black, the rain was pouring down like a river. Nevertheless, every few minutes trains and stealers brought hundreds into the town, and the roads leading to the park were black with waterproofed and - ulstered people. Our fair friend defied the elements, and sallied forth attired in waterproof and Tam o' Shanter. . Wherp she Jed, we felt bound to follow. .After an hour of it, Jeremiah went away, ostensibly for lunch, really to go home and change his clothes. Another hour passed, ,aqd then Jen kins said poor Watts wuuld jbe .wearying, and he would go and kpgp him company, and tell him how nicely we were enjoy ing the games. Mozart by-and-by mur mured something ? about catching the mail, and quietly disappeared. He went to bed with a mustard poultice. Spillsby and I were. left. ? We were standing in the front ring, one on each, side: of Miss Grace. We had only one umbrella be tween us, and we ;took turns of holding it over her head. The air was ; foetid with bad whisky and foul breaths, we were squeezed hard by stalwaft High landers, and the cold drip-drip from their sou'westers or umbrellas found its chill way down our necks. My feet and hands wete benumbed, and I -saw that Spillsby's nose was blue.* - Yet neither would give. in. Time after time we asked the lady if she was not tired, or hungry, or cold, but always there came the same answer that she was: "quite comfortable, thank you, and enjoying herself." I listened to pibrochs till my brain reeled, witnessed the' Highland fling till I asked if life was worth living, saw half-naked fools tossing the caber and other fools wrestling; and still the rain poured I I gave in at length, and came away. The lady was greatly con cerned, hoped I wouldn't catch cold, and begged Spillsby not to remain on'her ac count. But Spillsby grimly stuck to his post, and there was a gleam of triumph in his eye when I departed. I know the reason now. He proposed to her that same night. Of course, it was foolish of him. A man doesn't make his best im pression after standing for eight hours in the kind of rain they keep at Oban. I endeavored to condole with Spillsby, but he didn't seem to take it well. He re signed membership; so that's five pounds more to the general fund, for which. Watts and f now go equal shares There never was a sweeter girl, not even my cousin Mary. But the course of true love never did run smooth. Alter the games came the regatta, and after the regatta the ball. As I was the only member of the club who had a dress suit, I had to take Miss Arbottle. That night sealed my late. I danced every dance with her, and walked home with her sweet arm in mine. There is something in the witching moonlight that affects the brain they say. I told her how I worshipped her. 'Of course I'm poor and unworthy, but ' ' Mr. Barker,' she said, interrupting my flow of eloquence, ' is this a con spiracy ? Have you all made it up to offer me marriage ? And how many more of you are there to come ? Is it meant for a joke ?' She was half laughing, half -crying. I assured her we were all in dead earnest, and explained how much it cost each of us to make a proposal. ' But it's very singular,'she murmured. ' Plural, you might say,' I responded flippantly, and she laughed merrily. ' Well,' she continued, ' you are all very nice young men, and I hope you'll get good wives by and bye. Meanwhile, I am realiy grateful to you for making what promised to be a dull holiday a very lively and enjoyable experience. I like you all very much, but I really can not marry you. It's because I love an other who doesn't love me. A year ago it was different, or at least I thought it was. I met a young man-a poet, a clever, good, noble fellow-and I loved him. But something c.ime between us. I have not seen liini since.' There was a tear in tier eye, and her voice was trembling. Oh, how I longed to punch the head of that young man ! ' He wasn't worthy of you,' I protested ; but she shook her head and turned to go. I kissed her hand, and came away. I don't know where I went, but I didn't get home till dawn. I was late at breakfast to-day. The post came as I entered the room, and brought a letter for Watts., As soon as he read it he jumped to his feet, his face one grin of delight, a id shouted, 1 Hur rah ! long looked-for come at last.' ?Watt's up?' we asked with our usual pun. ' Congratulate me, boys,' he answered, * I am appointed editor of the Daily Thrashet at ;£6oo a-year. ' Good !' ejaculated Spillsby. ' Happy to hear it, old fellow,' said Cook- ' You'll be getting martied now.' We all shook his hand ; but he sat for , a while in silence, and then gave a sigh, and said, 'Ah, if this had only come a year ago.' He would not explain, how ever; he loves to deal in mysteries. As soon as this excitement subsided, I said,' I want to resign membership of the Club.' .Great Scott!' said somebody, and everybody thought I had gone mad. Then I made a clean breast of all that I had done, and detailed the conversation between Miss Arbottle and myself in full. . ' Watts,' I continued,' you are now the Club. I suppose you at least will stick to your principles.' But he was not heeding, what I was saying. ' Did she really say that ?' he asked, excitedly, reaching out for his hat at the same time. 'Say what?' ' That she loved him still.' 'Of. course. But what? Where? You're not going out, and with your sprained ankle, too ?' By this time he was at the door, and he looked back to say,' I am going to explain to Miss Arbottle that you are a party of lunatics irom Morningside out for a holiday under my charge as keeper, and to apologise for your behaviour,' but before I could shy anything at him he had disappeared. Watts came back arm-in-arm with Grace Louisa, bis face one smile, while her cheeks were flushed and her eyes full of joy. ' Gentlemen,' said our Pre sident, as we stood before him speech less, 'allow me to introduce you to my future wife. Her uncle, Sir Arthur, is coming to-morrow with his yacht, and Miss Arbottle desires me to say that she will feel highly honoured if you will ac company us on a week's cruise among the Highland lochs.' I I shall never forget that delightful j cruise. Of course we teased Watts im mensely. The wedding came off in the autumn, and we all got invitations. This is how-it appeared-in the papers: MARRIAGE. WATTS-ARBOTTLE.-At Seven oaks Castle, on the tst inst., Horace Watts, editor of the Daily Thrtuher, to Grace Louisa, only daughter .of the late Honourable James Arbottle, Governor of Jamaica. And to think that we took her for a music-teacher 1 The Misogynist Ciub has not been tesuscitated. 