KERRIGAN'S QUALITY. PuWshtd by special arrangement teith Messrs H'arct Lock <£ Bowden. Ltd. [ALL BIGHTS RKSEIiVKD.] CHAPTER X (Continued). Br Jaxe Baelow, Author of " Irish Idylls." " Well, Merle," Sir Ben said, " this mystery about Dion began thus. Ton know the beginning of it all was some trouble about money matters. I don't suppose you would care for particulars as far as they are concerned." " No, no, never mind about them," said Merle. " I'm Dot at all sore that I could explain tlie ins and outs of it. I'm no good - at things of the kind," said Sir Ben candidly. But some investments went irrong, so that we lost a good deal, and von did too. I believe it was nobody's fault. Then % sadden emergency arose. Some mortgage was expiring, and the mortgagees eajne down on my father unexpectedly, at any rate he was in immediate want of five thousand. Well, I had more rhau that from my mother, and as T liad just come of age,* we settled that I should advance the sum. My father was over in Dublin at that time, and I was up in town with Dion. He and I were nearly of an ago, you know, and I remember how , sold lie was one day when he found out fivm his guardian that his money was tied up until lie was twenty-five. He wished to realise every penny of it. probably beiviuse he thought my father might want it- You Know the sort of fellow Dion was; he'd have given his worst enemies the coat off liis back if they seemed to be in straits. However, of course, Dion couldn't touch it. Br Jove, I nwollect he expressed his senti- l lueuts on the subject in very forcible Ian- Liu ire while we were tramping down li.iver-street in a hail-shower after the interview. •Why did they do that?" said Merle. " It was a great pity." \- Oh, his father had left it so by will yenrs before. I daresay he thought itpru- <loat, as Dion would have no one but his mother to look after him. Of course it was absurd. If a man can't manage his ran affairs before he's twenty-five," said Sir Ben, who had not yet attained to that use. " lie's never likely to acquire the art. However, mv father urgently wanted the money by a certain day. ft was all we could do to get "the business settled in time, ami Dion, who was then just going over to Dublin, was to bring it with him. There was some accursed term examination '" coming on," lie said, meaning the epithet so sincerely that he did not feel if its strength required any apology, " which I didn't want to miss, so I waited for it. We went to get the money at the liiiik in the morning. Awful young asses we were in those days. I believe we thought it rather a magnificent transaction. £ tVe took it in sovereigns; they seemed more substantial, and we figured t<> ourselves that there might be some difficulty about English notes in Ireland. And in the evening I went to see Dion off at Euston Square with some other fellow. Who was it !'" "Bernard Dunlop?"• Merle suggested, half involuntarily to expedite matters, j'.mses seemed long to her. Sir Ben looked startled. •• Dunlop ? Oh, no. But what on earth ile you know about Bernard Dunlop ?" " Oh, I used to hear the name some- 1 iwes," said Merle, " that was all."* \- "VVell, we never knew much about him ritju-r, Ijjit.enouffh to see what- an out-andout scoundrel he was; an uncommonly • lever one, too, and liked by everyone in a way. They say he might have done anything lie pleased, if he had chosen to be moderately respectable, but he distinctly didn't choose. I believe he was really rather mad. Some people say he even- 1 ually went quite off his head, and is in an aeyluui abroad; at any rate, he has disappeared oil the face of the earth, much to Hs advantage." Merle listened intently to this little character sketch, and breathed more freely jit its conclusion. -'There was a tremendous storm that iu-*fat,-*' Sir Ben continued, " I went down i<> Oxu>rd, and the carriage windows were threatening to blow in every minute all the way. It was pitch dark besides,and {•miring. When the mail-boat came in at Kingstown next morning, they found Dion's portmanteau and other traps on board aU except the small hand-bag with the money, which he intended to carry himself—there were no signs of him or of it, though he had been seen going on board at Holyhead. He must have somehow missed Ills footing, or l>een shoved over in ilie crowd. The boat was pitching and rolling tremendously, and on a wild night such a thing might happen easily enough without anybody's being the wiser. It seemed most likely that he stumbled near the gangway at Holyhead, as no one remembers having seen him later on. But the certain facts are that he left Holyhead and never arrived at Kingstown, and one knows what that means." Merle had for many a day been fighting against this knowledge, how desperately she hud not rsalised until a few hours ago, when the enemy iras marvellously routed by a few feeble scritwjs. Now, as she sat by the shimmering green water, and bent low enough over it to draw her fingers through it caressingly, she might have been signing mutely to it that she knew belter. It was the only utterance that she could give to the secret which filled her with wrestling delight and dread. The delight was at this moment uppermost. •• Then thev telegraphed over for me," Eai»t Sir Ben.*" and you know what I found, •\lerJe, he'd been watching—my father had —for Dion to come that morning. The money had been promised without fall, that he nsight have it in time for abusiness meetin" irt the afternoon. I suppose he waited and looked out there, alone in his room at the clilb, until he knew it was too late The servant* said that he seemed much disappointed when they told himthe mail was in. He wassitfaogattfaeimtLngtable when they found him dead. He had Wun a letter. I know it by heart:— • Dear Ben, I dare say you are very wise to change your mind about that investment. I don't know what the doctors may hare called it, but his heart broke there. He was all alone -, not a friend near him. He might .as well have died in the middle of the great Sahara. And the last tho^ht he had in his mind was that I wouldnt trust him with a little dirty money. Merle had turned so white thai her face would have been a ignite sufficient response. but she spoke without looking up. " They should never hare let yon see it. They should have put it out of the way. It was cruel of them." "That is like a girl all over, said Bir Ben, rather roughly. W hat is more exasperating than a belated remedy J « K you ,-au hide anything tliaf s not pleasant to look at. you think it's all right. His rude speech was a mere mental writhe, but adverse criticism coming from that quarter «< » new er^nence to Merle, and hence it thrust itedf nponh« ™ e even now. as somethi^inoppop awa^the whole weM. and everybody jn it ^ A h i . they were intent, aggrievedly for a short time. tSich of ill-humor lent a sort of everyday atmosphere to the far-off, unhappy which were in the thoughU of- each, ^ made them seem more J J W preoccupiedfor.^- Mid by eppke «f«Wl>m iMJutJiimn toO.mncn r®en ito* master-grief to which he had •H^f^ before given words: . " hard lines on me that he should E Z & ? ««* a thing for granted. SSsa'^aa-LKSjst ^ f . ^ f - Hot if he had •believed it. he L r 3 imped to that conclusion, -change. your mind I often see tornwnWit.theold governor. And ho needn't"" 6 " ht il 01 ™ e ' b J f o ™. he •r!L? er J lape he had been told so," said Merle low and hurriedly, as she might nave spoken under the curving white lip of an impending avalanche. " TO 10 was there to tell him such an atrocious lie ?" said Sir Ben. But Merle kept silence as strictly as if feer answer would have enveloped them in the rush of the smothering thunder. " Do yon know. Merle," he went on, While I think of it all, I'm sometimes brute almost enough to rage at Dion for losing his life in doing the erwnd. I suppose one's hankering after somebody to blame for onr misfortunes could scarcelv go much further thanithat" " But when yon consider it as an accident " Merle began. " Yes, yes f he interrupted, " to be sure I do.' When I'm in ;niy "right mind. I'm only inclined to "knock my own head against a wall for. letting a tomfool examination keep me from coining over mvsetf." But Ben, Ben," said Merle sitting up straight and facing him'. desperatelv, " what would you think if ?" " Merle, dear, what«the matter ? Ton look scared—yon look like a ghost," he said in mnch concern. " You'll catch cold -waiting here so long. Would you have more shelter, I wonder, on the other aide ?" But for all answer a shadow of new fear passed over her face, like a cloud blotting out a cloud. And directly afterwards she - said in a relieved tone, as if welcoming a respite, " Ah, here's Mr Kerrigan." s : CHAPTER XI. Kerrigan had not wished his appearance to be observed. Naturally, he being a person w ho if f ernseed had retained its virtue nntQ his day, would hare carried about a supply with him as'invariably as the most confirmed snuffer his box of biting dust. Moreover lie had accepted the neighbor's sweetheart theory with respect to Miss Merle and Sir Ben, and this now made him all the less willing to break in upon them when they were talking together so appropriately. He viewed the probability that they were " coortin'" with some interest and complacency, because the arrangement seemed likely to further a project which had occurred to him jn the boat shortly before Paddy Mack's disquieting revelations. But his anxiety to pass by unperceived defeated itself, since while glancing furtively over his shoulder to see whether he were noticed, a stumble set a loose stone rolling to his betrayal. So as he had to halt, and would on no account sit down, he compromised the matter by standing awkwardly against an adjacent rock. " I stepped round to'fcee was there a sign of anything putting out over yonder; there ought to be by now, if they're intending to do a hand's turn at the fishing to-day at all," he sud discontentedly; " but like enough they're not. It's getting to look a bit hazy and thick out to sea though, so the others may be running in. Good people are scarce; they're mighty careful of themselves in bad weather." Well, small blame to them for that," said Sir Ben," considering the general seaworthiness of their -fleet. I suppose Paddy's still tinkering away at the boat ? " Ay, the young as6, and might as well let it alone. HeTUingke nothing of it. I was telling him he naight better stuff his ^>wnfool'e he^llEutKB^hole.''- • - " I nevery.BtwsiiijbSdy look so disconcerted as he. didiwhen we were landing here," said Merle wishing to suggest an extenuating feature in Baddy's case. " If he had been handing one out at the bottom, of tiie baj" he «ould scanjdy have put on a more apologetic expression." " I'd dis<»hcerthim,*' said Kerrigan-with a gloomy grimness. He ..was annoyed to see no boats coming about, {or he misliked the aspeat which the weather had begun to assume. "The uncertain ^shining of an April day," is perhaps especially uncertain over the sea-shouldering crags and Assuring creeks roundabout Glenore; and signs were just now .apparent which to an experienced eye betokened its -untimely withdrawal. These signs were not overtly menacing. Air And mater were stQl clear and tranquil; only now and then a mtt of dulneas would steal across the crystal-grey floor, like a breath dimming a mirror; and when this had melted Off, there followed, in. its wake a faint heaving.motion, not a brisk rippling and bickering roused by a breeze, but a suppressed shudder, running beneath the snr- \- face to cause .a slow swinging and swaying at the margin, 86 if jt ware the Jsst trace of some huge, distant .eddy. This, conjoined with the cobwebby haze which he had noticed gathering about the mouth of the bay, led Kerrigan to surmise that the present calm was not destined to long duration. He did not care to announce these apprehensions, but they somewhat inconsistently embittered his strictures upon the dilatoriness of the Glenore fisherfolk. Prudence is always so liable to be called " r out of its name" when its exercise by others jeopardises our own interest. Glenore the village; far enough away to be only a picturesque scattering of white gleams capped with golden, lay sunning itself serenely in its frame of green and russet and bine. The trees about the Big House were still so thinly leaved as to fornix softly, powderedpmple-bro wn masses, and where they climbed, over a sloping ridge, small woodland lawns glinted ont among "them like jewels held up to the light. Along the shore the little square fields shone like qnazreletB of beryl and emerald. There was nothing in their dainty qosaic to suggest that they were the aoeneof bard straggle and toil, and the centre ofbopes piteous alike in fulfilment and in frustration. But Merle knew them at close quarters, with their painfully piled np stone- cairns and pfrfr-h"""? lahnnr-hnffling swamp. She had seen how persistently the white skeleton wept from- underits meagre coverlid, and how the wet moss and rushes would encroach on the " bitot.lanV 'too straitly bounded without them. And she had heard from sundiy anxious-looking jointproprietresses how "Himself was heartscalded over his pitatysowin'; .there was two fat deep of wather lyin* between the drills these three^weeks". Or that,""If, plase God, the few oats they'd tried in the corner where the turnips failed on th?m, sot a chance to ripen at all, they inigbt maybe make out the rint yet, or else it Jid be a bad job come .Michaelmas. Now, as her eves rested mournfully upon the flecks of vivid colour which represented the GaUahers' end Nolans' and OarroUs' holdi.mimi. • , , , Tt was a relief^ indeed, to loosen her J L ^ 'onffi* ® die tad i-t been leaxning. Old Sir Ben's unfinished letter, f^inTtanoe, Sir Betfs scarcely more likely to were new ideas so Iter impulse was to drop A * * a sheaf of naked ^ e s &rnst; into htThand. Not that she^uld but sad thoughts in exchange. The «ood left b* this pause interson»wful agitar tion wks one ihich quidkmed her sense of irorid-wide cite and as_® fever sliaipens the hearing, am tiie tragic ele- -menpifcheF xuMg^JjonrsVtt was bojrne .in npon her as sht sat witi hands dasping Sees in the attitude of weary old <aone, and gazed before her mel%ndiolyf ^dark eyes. It somehow ^»emed_ta bw^ bad omen 4or their • i that Bemgan spoke' :• • •'.• ."•• -f : ' • • • under which they labour?:! in their farming ind fishing, and genera, induct of affairs, she wished just then to think of him as a person who would use much patience and forbearance in liis dealings with a weaker comrade in adversity, .and sho found it more difficult to maintain this view when she heard him express such sentiments as. " Faith, they're a lazy lot. The fish might be leppin' on shore like frogs under their eyes before they'd take the trouble to put. out a rag of a net They'd sooner sit around on the top of the fences like so many crows, and watch the weeds smother, ing the crops. That's the sort thev are. every mother's sou of them." " 1 wish," she said at last with a flicker of perversity, I wish that they never had to go out fishing at all. I wish they all had land enough to make their living on. for certainly they do the best they can with the shreds they've got. It's a pitv that they should be pushed out into the sea, when there's really plenty of room for them, and everybody else, on shore. r,ook at those empty fields over there. What use are they to anyone? Perhaps a few beasts graze on them now and again, aud perhaps there is some man who l:kes to think that the property belongs to him. If I had tie managing of things he might just put that idea out of his head, because the people who wanted to do something with the land should have it. Why should one man stick his house down in the middle of a great green park, and let uobody live within three miles of him, while half-a-dozen others are huddled together in huts on a patch not the size of his lawn tennis court, and can't feed a goat without trespassing? Why. for any good the ' country —~ is to „ 4-1 them, 4.1 they might ...- I-I as well 11 live 1- . bit of rock like this, with nothing but •water round them. I think tliat everybody should have as much land as he actually wanted in the first place, and what was left over would do for paries. It wouldn't matter if they liad to be a few sizes smaller. Then thero'd l>e no occasion for the people to go out fishing, unless they chose, and tliey could get themselves proper boats too." Kerrigan listened with a certain amount ' of snrprissd dissatisfaction while Merle impounded her exceedingly crude scheme 'or showing the gods more just. The amount, however, was strictly limited by his humble estimate of womankind's capacity for talking sense, and it seemed to him that the simplest form of tirgummtum id ltnminum, would meet the present case. " If they don't choose to eome out fishing to-day," he said, " I don't precisely see that we've much chance to get off of this here Inish." He had no sooner spoken tlian he perceived that he had blunderediu presenting an alarming view of the situation to Miss Merle, from whom it was presumably right, aud undoubtedly expedient, to conceal any cause for the fears of which she might lie supposedinconveniently capable. Sir Ben's slightly overdone tone of confidence in asserting: "Oh, we'll get home fast enough," only made him the more keenly- alive to his mistake. It was in his haste to gloss it over by a prompt cliange of subject that h? hit- upon Johnny Day's queer bit of writing as a safe impersonal topic, and forthwith blurted out— "Did you get the bit of paper. Miss Merle, that I was after sending up to you last night ? " " Yes, yes, but I haven't quite finished reading it yet," said Merle quickly, "I haven't had time—I " Xow that the longed-for opportunity had come, it terrified her utterly. She felt as if she were about to hear some tidings from the other world, an experience which must be awful, even if the news were good, and a great doubt of this gripped hold of her. The misgiving grew all the stronger becanse at that moment a cloud was drifting over the sun, and a moan of wind swept by, and the weter began to lap and gurgle louder in the wet chinks between. the rocks. ..The light, slidden away in silver sheets,'and the chilly breath on her face, and the sighing wail that came with it, seemed harbingers of woe. A presentiment warned her that some evil was to befall her on this ugly little reef, and the fact that an accident compelled her to meet a crisis of her fate there foreshadowed a calamitous issue. Delay, at which not many minutes before she had been chafing bitterly, would now have come to her as a merciful reprieve, but though a word might have steered the talk away from the fearful theme, she could not utter it. All the presence of mind and nimblenes6 of wit, wliich she could have commanded on any trivial emergency, fled panic- stricken from her at this sore pinch, and left her sitting spellbound by the threshold of a door that at any instant might open on life or death. For Kerrigan was disposed to keep in this harmless conversational track, the rather, perhaps, becattse the incidents of the morning were more like a bit of liis rough colonial life than anything he hud experienced since liis return to civilisation, and thus carried his thoughts back to the adventurous pasU "That's Johnny Day's letter, or whatever it is," he said to Sir Ben. " I don't know, sir, whether I ever happened to mention him to you—a chap who chummed along with me in one big tramp I had through the bush np beyond Ballarat ? " "Was it the time you wore so near coming to grief, and were rescued by a camel corps ? " said Sir Ben. " I think I remember you just mentioned it once, but that was all." Kerrigan's uncertainty had been in truth, so to speak, rhetorical, as he knew well that he liad always avoided the subject. "So near, only so near" Merle said to •herself, groping for gleams of hope. "That was the time," said Kerrigan. * and about the worst spell too, that eveput in, what with one thing and another —the lad mostly. Ay, we'd never have got into the hobble we did, only that he «-as no more fit for knocking about in the bush than—well, than you are yourself, or maybe less." "Thanks," said Sir Ben. " You see, he came of gentlefolks," said Kerrigan; " that was plain enough, though he was stone broke when I ran across him scarce a shoe to his foot and his clothes hanging on and off him like a scarecrow's, between rags and starvation. By jingo, I used to think his people would have felt queer to ceo the sight he was, supposing he bad any belonging to him—the chances aro that he had, though he hardly ever said a word about anything of the sort. He might have dropped out of the sky, or riz up on the ground like a mushroom, for jMiy talk he had back of yesterday or the day before. He'd left some trouble behind him wherever he'd come from, Til bet." " Got into deep water over here, I daresay," said Sir Ben. " lake enough. He'd have had a better chance, now, if he'd enlisted; and so I .used to be telling him, for he was the makings of a fine upstanding man, and he knew how to ride a horse—it was about the only sensible thing he could do worth ' a cent. But, goodness help him, the notion he had was gold and diamonds. Thonght he/was going to gather up a great fortune in a couple of weeks or so; once he got to the new mines, they were booming .then, op beyond Waimanonra; it's that he was after when I fell in with him. Such things happen now and again, of course; but he made no manner of doubt of it. \- He was-a young chap, to be sure, but he was unoommon hopeful even for that, until he knocked up, by worse luck, just about the ugliest bit of country we came to, with our water running short, and the only chance the two of us had in the world to push on the smartest we could." ** That was a bad job," said Sir Ben. " You may .call it so. Bedad ! when the last of the hprses gave in, Td have bet you anything you could name 4hat we were, done for altogether; for I saw it Would be the most a strong man conld do to clear out of it, tramping all he knew,- And sure 3very .mile Day got over, I could have vjlked backwaxd; and for«sprd8,a^.lMck igtun, and^ve had, to ipatjor .fcjjn jfc&B; Ue*l of the fewjt, wj»t j&w;* fcitf we ? ^ot but what he was always at me to go on ahead on my own hook, and leave him to shift for himself. He said he'd do grandly,Cthe cratur; he looked it. I wasn't exactly thinking of leaving him to the vultures. But I remember one evening, coming near sunset, he'd lain down dead beat under a thorn-bush, and gono asleep; solwentonabittoprospectaround from the next ridge, and see was there a sign of anything at all, which there wasn't. But 'twas further than I thought, and I stopped away something longer than I in^ tended, and by the time I got back he'd woke up and missed me. I do believe the lad thought Td took him at his word, and gone off for good—I'm morally certain he (lid. Sitting up he was, staring away in front of him, dazed like. I came up close to him before he saw or heard me, and the sort of look he had on him Tve never forgotten. He-didn't let on he'd been thinking of anything in partie'lar, but all the while he was fit to ciy, he was so gratified not to l>e left alone ; he was so. Much notion I had, if he'd only known. My soul to the saints, if I believe the devil himself 'ud rest easy in his own place with such a cruel villain's trick on his conscience." I don't know about the-devil," said Sir Ben; "he must be pretty well casehardened by this time, by all accounts. But you wouldn't, at any rate." " I've recollections enough as it is to make me rest uneasy," said Kerrigan, " when I think of the trouble "there was jetting him along. Many"s the time I've had the driving of a mob of sheep, or cattle, or horses, through places where you must keep them going, fit or no, if you want - ~ . „ _ to ™ Eave R&VA; i-hoiV llVAD . if'e Mnl* their lives; and it's ugly work when it's if'c only nnlv a matter maffax of brute beasts. But when it comes to human beings, it's devilment entirely. Lord for- !»ive me, the hours I in a manner drove rim along, when he wasn't rightly able to set one foot before the other. AndTd be grudging the bits of rests he took when he was fairly done. Those times, he'd often get out that writing paper of his, and set to scrawling something on it: but even that he couldn't do. I don't believe he ever finished it. And as things turned out, I might as well and better have let him lie, instead of tormenting him." Kerrigan was more or less thinking aloud, and his thoughts here happened to go on for a short time without words. The hiatus seemed very long to one of his hearers. " It mode no differ," he resumed, " for one morning he just dropped down dead off his feet. And that same night the exploring party came along and found us— found me. As for him, they needn't have come at all, since they didn't come half a dozen hours sooner." " Hard lines, by Jove," said Sir Ben. Merle heard the sound of his voice, but it conveyed no more meaning to her than if it had been the sea and the waves roaring. The tense eagerness of her listening hail snapped like a strained bowstring. All the words in the world could tell her nothing more than this, which she seemed to have always known, and to heed wonderfully little now. It. was several minutes afterwards that she became aware of Sir Ben shaking her by the shoulder. He had spoken to her three times, and was half puzzled and half alarmed by her deafness. Had you gone asleep, Merle ?" he said in a relieved tone when she looked njx " Oh, no, I was—I was watching a little crab running about in the pool here," she said. " Is it time to be going home F" But before he could answer an interruption occurred. Paddy Hack's face in its halo of black hat-brim rose up over the boulders behind them and said, " Mr Kerrigan, sir—och your honour, d'ye know what I'm after doin' ?" (To be Continued. J 