THE SKETCHES. Going A-Gipseylng. Certain paraphernalia are required, to wit : old clothes, serene temper, a gift for cooking, and a tj mpathetie dog — most especially the dog. Other items are desirable, as, for instance, tent and blankets, fork and spoon, a 'billy,' and the stewpan which no self-respecting gipsy is without. Still, these at the worst may be dispensed with. A snug cave will do duty tor tent, last wees s Herald tor blanket, a discarded kerosene tin — a weed which grows in most unlikely places — for pan, and, as for the billy — I spoke rashly — the billy has no substitute. To the Australian roamer his billy is a thing of beauty and a joy for ever. Tents may fail and inns deceive, but the billy remaineth, Bmall and compact, tucked into your coat pocket and guarding its complement of tea and sugar. If you have also provided yourself with biscuit you are absolutely independent of circumstance. I speak of that primitive form of gipseying in which your two feet are brought prominently into play and the parching results of a prolonged ' 'aramer, 'ammer,' ammer on the 'ard, 'igh road ' become painfully apparent. True, you may stumble on a gaunt pretentious ' pub,' with unlimited colonial beer ; but if you have any picturesque discernment you avoid the crossways which produce this phenomenon. There is also a chance of meeting with the small grocer who sells sharp ginger beer and flat soda water, and who allows you to swallow the delicacies on the fresh-air side of his marvellously-arrayed window. But the supply is usually limited, or i-erhat-s it is von who aro limited ; as. for in stance, when you have parted with your last threepenny-bit, and have only a tram ticket to offer the vendor of flat waters. But in your hour of need — expressed by thirst — the billy sheds its radiance alike on dusty road and shady gully. Gather a few stickB, apply the match, use the drop of water which Providence sends (without inquiries as to its quality), and be hold, not the soup which according to the French adage makes the soldier, but the brew which makes the Australian. If, in addition, you have passed through an orchard country, and purloined ?a stray lemon, you may indulge in the superior luxury of Russian tea. Then, as your billy's subtle fragrance steals through the atmosphere, you gaze at the most commonplace landscape through roseate spectacles, wax poetic, and quote Keats :— To one who hath been Jong in city pent, 'Tis very sweet to look upon the four And open face of heaven. To be sure, the face may become clouded, and wnen rain-arops exunguisn your araour ana your fire, the question arises whether draw backs really do give a zest to life. But here the law of compensation steps in. Every beaten track in Australia is occasionally beaten by horses' hoofs, and, by some special arrangement, wherever a horse indulges in his favourite trick of shoe-casting, there a smithy stands hard by. Consequently, if you patiently follow the track, you will eventually light upon the cheery click-click of the harmonious black smith, and speedily realise that under given con ditions a murky shop is as desirable as the open face of heaven. For this iB the veriest ideal of gipseydom, a bor derland where the Tsigane and the artist touch. No better suggestion for a Dutch ' interior ' has ever been dreamed than your impromptu tea drinking in the blacksmith's forge. The scheme of colour may be somewhat halting, but the grouping is beyond reproach. There stands the blacksmith, who, if he have any sense of the fitness of things, is stalwart, well knit, and goodly to look on. Should he be thin and worn, however, his pale features but add pathos to the story he spins — for he is garrulous by trade — as he hammers out the red-hot iron and makes the sparks fly. There stand the patient horses, holding up heavy, hairy feet for the nails to be driven in. And there, in pleasinsr consciousness, you stand, the enviable centre of the picture, watching your billy splutter on the live coaldust, while gaping rustics gather at the open door, and a stray goose or two joins them. If duly impressed with a sense of your responsi bilities, you compose a song of the Smithy or a ballad of the Billy on the spot, and you leave, armea wun an oia snoe ior iuck, ana glowing wan the satisfaction of having genially contributed to the social gossip of the neighbourhood. But the joys of the road are not unalloyed unless you be the honoured owner of a caravan, and even the caravan knows not the highest form of gipsy bliss. To reach this you must abandon the toad altogether, trust yourself to a boat, and meander into Dreamland. Previously, however, it behoves you to be wide awake, astutely consider ing the commissariat department, else you may be roughly aroused to the realities of life by a deficit in your floating larder. Your boat must be loaded warily and lightly, taking no encumbrances and leaving no regrets ; the safest rule to follow lies in Sidney Smith's maxim, ' Stick to the luxuries and hang the necessaries.' These hist lie to your hand, for be there not fish in the water and fowl in the air ? And your lines will have been cast in exceptionally shabby places if you do not light on a cheery farmer's wife, who will allow you to make a raid on her eggs, fruit, and vegetables for a jingling equivalent. As for ' butter and ^ilfe and a pound of cheese,' make up your mind to dispense with such vulgar commonplacas. They grow in jog trotting pastoral districts, not in the land, of romance where you are gipseying. Moreover, a well-regulated gipsy never yet bad orthodox deal ings with lowing herds ; he snaps his fingers at them and their domestic associations. His glory is in his stewpan, and in your stewpan you likwise must seek your halo, remembering that a cook's genius is gauged by his capacity for makeshift, and that the motto of the pot as of the pioneer remains ever the same : 'Be Faudace, toujoun de Vaudace.' With your gun and your camp-oven, your fish ing tackle, and a bag wherein to stuff the fern leaves that are to form your fairy couch, you may ^H start for the end of the world, and, turning your ^^t boat's prow towards Fancyland, ^J Fling care to the winds ; they can bear it well. ^| It matters little where you let her drift. Once on ^| the water, the Dreamland lies about you, like ^M Heaven in your infancy, and provided only you ^M do not emulate those wise men of Goshen who ^| went to sea in a tub, you may safely trust ^| yourself to the ripples of any of our harbour S and lake creeks, and glide along in all the idle ? dignity of a Tsigane king. Time no longer I exists ; like Faust, you would fain catch tie fl passing moment and bid it stay, for it is fair. 9 Little you reck where your boat starts ; whether I she wander by shady bank or haunted cliff, every- I wherethere are shadows of thepast to commune with fl and when you light on a gloomy aboriginal cave fl your cup of gladness overflows. You have a well- ? cultured mind, despite your restless Bohemianism, I a mind with ethnographical leanings, and as you 9 gather your oysters off the rocks and carry them ? up to the cave with its oyster and mussel relics I and its rough drawings, you feel, while flavouring ? your mollusk with Chili vinegar (a necessary I luxury), that you are rising to a commendable I man-and-brother level with the aboriginal of the I past. His blanketed descendant of the present is I less interesting, considered from a man- and- I brother point of view. I But for real dolce far nicnte delights, select a I creek where the romance is not tempered by stern ? rocks and far-off echoes of aboriginal war and I slaughter — a creek where the only evidence of 1 man's presence lies with the apple and plum 1 trees that drop their ripe fruit adown the bank, 1 where the only sign of civilisation rests with some 1 broken up and abandoned boat, some clearing where I lately a tent had stood. There be many euch I creeks in this fair land, where Nature builds her 1 altars lavishly ; winding Btreams, widening out I to the sea, in which the swallows skimming aloft 1 mirror their quivering wings and seemingly dip j and rise to the surface to greet you. Streams ] where the metallic blue of the kingfisher flashes in the stillness as he stands watching for prey on j an overhanging dead log, or nestles coaxingly to 1 his mate in the leafy shadows. Mournful 1 streams, where the she-oaks cluster in their ] feathery rags, a dismal protest against any sylvan 1 levity ; where the gnarled wild ' apple ' j brightens the general gloom with its shiny, vivid 1 foliage, and where the tall, straight- gumi I rise proudly above the rank luxuriance of j the undergrowth. Merry streams, rippling gaily ? past flower-gemmed patches of turf and bearing i along- their wave the aromatic perfume of the bush, while a sociable bird bids you 'come over, come over, come over, quick, quick, quick,' an4 if you go far enough you light, perchance, on ? whole bevy of graceful black swans gliding calmly in the marshy shallows. Can fairer Fairyland be found than one of these fragrant spots where you pitch, your tent amid ferns and creepers? Close by is a rough stone fireplace where some prede cessor has boiled his billy and left you the legacy of the hearth,- your stale bread or biscuit is set about with pied violets, your grilled fish reposes on a bed of maidenhair, the bursting pods of the cotton plant cast soft down at your feet, while large brown butterflies hang on its clustering creamy blossoms. True, even Fairy land has its duties ; you must not dream too long with the hum of the locust in your ear, and the , buzz of the mosquito threatening your skin, lest the night shadows take you unawares. There is your fernbed to gather, your fishing line to net for to- morrow's breakfast, your tent-furnishing to arrange. If the drip-drip of trickling water bo heard, you must go, like Parasina, not to ' list to the sound of the waterfall,' but to provide for the requirements of the bath and the billy ; and if your appetite be normal you have to give serious consideration to the philosophy of the pot. But when, your labours are ended and your tired body rests upon its leafy bed, the elves come and touch your eyes with fernseed and sing soft lullabies on your pillow, and bear you away to a land of enchant ment which you never visited in the sober brick and- mortar nights of your everyday city life. Gipsy not alone. Not even the faithful look in your dog's eyes, nor the consciousness of his watchful guard while you sleep, will suffice when the Spirit of the Woods has seized upon you, and your soul is wandering restlessly in a realm of fancy. You need human companionship by day when Nature's witchery is upon yon — when you kneel upon her altar steps murmuring her broken litanies. You need it more at night, as you sit watching1 the glowing embers of your camp fire, a grim, haunted cave or darkling1 scrub at your back, and Old World stories rising to your lips. Then it is that the bush aroma fires your brain as with wine, and inherited memories stir vaguely within you — then you feel, in your far-away Australian camp, the generous blood of the old English outlaw coursing through your veins — then, and in the early morn, wheu the wild birds call you to arise and watch the white mist-ghost* creeping on the water, and you sing aloud with the old merryman — In summer, when the shaws be' sheen And leaves be large and long, It is full merry in fur forest To hear the fowles' song. B. de B. 