THE PLENARY SYNOD. ? CLOSING PUBLIC SESSION. AECHBISHOP C ARB'S DISCOURSE. On Sunday last, the National Synod of Australia, or as it is more popularly known, the Second Plenary Council, was brought to a close with solemn ceremonial in St. Mary's Cathedral. Long before the proces sion of prelates and priests entered the immense building was crowded. The Archbishop of Melbourne delivered the following discourse : — "Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away." (St. I Luke, ch. xxi., v. 33). The place, the time, all the circumstances in which Our Lord spoke these words invest them with special splemnity, and make them suggest thoughts suitable for the close of our Plenary Synod. Seated on the Mount of Olives, and in sight of the city and Temple of Jerusalem, Jesus spoke them to four of His favoured disciples. The days of His life on earth were hasten ing to a close. Passion Week was at hand. The day He had spent in the Temple making a final appeal to the people, denouncing with piercing iteration woe upon woo on the Scribes and Pharisees, and predicting the utter ruin of the city and its superb Temple. . Towards evening He quitted the Temple for the last time, and crossing the brook Cedron, and climb ing the slopes of the Mount of Olives, He sat down over against the Temple, on which the setting sun was pouring a flood of golden splendour. Then the four disciples asked him privately: — "Tell us when shall theso things be, and what shall be the sign of thy coming and of the consummation of the world." Looking into the centuries near and dis- : tant, Our Lord gave a most vivid picture of the destruction of the city as it actually came to pass thirty-seven years afterwards, and of the signs that will precede the end of the world and the day of General J udg- ment. He concluded that twofold predic tion with the words I have quoted : — "Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away." If the solid earth on which we tread and the heavens that bend above us shall not remain, at least in their present form and qualities, what chance can the work of man's hands, or the product of his brain, or the objects of his worldly ambitions, have of immortality ? And now, dear breth ren, the analogy is not far to seek. Have not you prelates been for the last few weeks, like the four favoured disciples, seated on the holy mount in converse with Jesus through His revelation, through His Holy Spirit whom they invoked at the beginning of all their deliberations ? Have they not been looking out on Jerusalem, which is the type of all that is erring and unbelieving in the world, and on the Temple which was a figure of the Christian Church to which it gave way ? Aud while thus deliberating, have not these words kept ringing in their ears : " Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away." But, dear brethren, what is that immutable and everlasting word of Christ which shall survive the wreck of the heavens and the earth ? As proceeding from God it is called revelation. As re ceived by men it is the word of Paitli. It is the light that enlighteneth every man that cometh into this world. It is the power of God unto salvation to everyone that believeth. For the justice of God is revealed therein from faith to faith, as it is written : "The just man liveth by faith." It is the "faith of God" which is capable of removing mountains not only in the physical but also and chiefly in the moral order. It is the rule and measure of our spiritual life. It is the criterion by which we judge whether or not our own lives or the lives of others are comformablo to the will of God. Hence it has been in many of its applications to the subject of our deliberations during the Plenary Synod now coming to a close. faith the rule of bight conduct. But it may be asked why, if the rule be immutable and ever-lasting, should it re quire such frequent and prolonged con sideration. Tiro reason is that it has to ho applied to conditions, and in circumstances that are over varying. Tlio builder's rule is ever straight, but he must frequently apply it if he is to build aright. And so tio must the spiritual rule of faith be applied from time to time to keep straight aud strong the lines of the sacred edifice, . the stones of which are the souls of men. It is a true saying of a great philosopher that every instrument suffers by use. In progress of time now wants appear, new questions arise, new dangers threaten, new bulwarks are required when the old show .1 any signs of decay, to support and threaten the antique but immortal pile. To meet theso wants, to answer these questions, to avert these dangers, and to built up these spiritual buttresses has been the aim and the object of our Plenary Synod. results of the plenary synod. Judging by the rosults of the last Plenary Synod and by the enlightened zeal and most perfect concord which have characterised the deliberations of this Synod we have every resou to expect as its outcome the very happiest spiritual results. I had not the privilege of being present at the former Plenary Synod, and hence I feel more free to speak of the admirable body of decrees and regulations formulated at that Synod, and of the vast impulse given to religion throughout Australasia by the promulgation , and observance of those decrees. By them the discipline of the Australian Church was brought as near to the discipline of the Universal Church as the circumstances of a country at once so young and so far removed from the centre of authority would permit. Looking back over the ten years that have elapsed since the last Plenary Synod was held, I venture to say that in no part of the Catholic world has more rapid and substantial progress been made in all that appertains to the outward form and de corum, and to the inward spirit and grace of religion than in Australasia. Read the record of each diocese in that splendid monument of his Eminence's zeal, erudi tion, and patriotism — " The History of the Catholic Church in Australasia," and you will find such an accumulation of evidence iii the multiplication of dioceses, parishes, religious orders, convents, schools, and churches as must satisfy the most sceptical. It should be the pride of churchmen and laymen alike to possess and to be familiar with these invaluable annals. hindrances to progress. But, dear brethren, great as has been our progress and substantial as are our gains, we cannot afford to slacken our efforts. If the results of the last Plenary Synod are written in the progress of every Diocese, if the faith and piety of the people are most consoling, and the zeal and de votion of the clergy most edifying, still we cannot close our eyes to the fact that in this country we must, like the Jews of old, keep the sword in one hand while with the other we build up the stones of the spritual temple — that we have to contend against influences to which simple faith seems folly, and -stern uncompromising morality a stumbling-block. We have to contend "against principalities and powers, against the spirit of wickedness in high places," against the adverse influences which in juriously affect the three great sources of sanctification, namely, home life, school life, and church life. home life. The adverse influence which chiefly affects home life is found in the not inconsiderable number of mixed marriages which disfigure, and in some cases des troy, the ideal of a Catholic home. In that home the father and mother and children should not only be united in faith, but should mutually assist and encourage each other in the practice of the duties of religion. But in a religiously divided home, as there is no union of faith between husband and wife, there can be no com munity of religious practice. " How can they have the love of God in common," av rites St. Ambrose, "ivho are separated fi-im each other-, >in devotion ? " Speaking of the marriage of schismatics St. Augus tine says, " Those miserable people believ ing in Christ have their food in common at home, but the table of Christ they cannot nave 111 common, musv Ave nou weep au seeing so often the husband and wife vowing to each other in Christ to have their bodies faithfully united in one, whilst they rend the body of Christ through being attached to different communions ? Great is the scandal, great the devil's triumph, great the ruin of souls."- If the great Doctor of the Church deplored the evils of mixed marriages so much when the union existed between those avIio held the ' same faith, and differed only in the aclcnoAvledg- ment of the one lioad, Iioav much more emphatic Avould not his protest have been, had he contemplated a union amongst those avIio were divided both as to faith and as to the supreme government of the Church! The Avife, ivho is, generally, in mixed marriages, the Catholic party, has no practical guarantee, as the records of your laiv courts even Avitliin the last few Aveeks testify, that the bond of her marriago Avill bo regarded as indissoluble. If she recklessly contracts a mixed marri ago, she may find herself in a short time Avithout the advantages of married or the freedom of single life. But Avhatever the consequences of mixed marriage .may lie to the parents, they are usually not to be compared to the disastrous results in regard to the children. The example of religious division amongst the parents ever- present before their eyes, tell most unfav ourably as a rule, though Avith some most gratifying exceptions, on the children. At first cold, then careless, next sceptical, and finally unbelieving, the children of such marriages arc in many cases not only themselves lost in the i'aith, but they become the parent stock by which unbelief is perpetuated. What Avondey is it, then, that the reigning Pontiff should have raised his warning voice against the present and prospective evils of mixed marriages? " Care must be taken," he Avrites, " that they do not easily enter unto marriage Avith those avIio are not Catholics, for Avhen minds do not agree as to the observance of religion, it is scarcely possible to hope for agreement in other things. Other rea sons also Avliich show Avliy persons should turn aAvay Avith dread from such marriages are chiefly these : that they give oocasion to forbidden association and communion in religious matters, endanger the faith of the children, and lead to a confounding of truth and falsehood and a belief that all religions are equally good." At the last Plenary Synod there was no point of discipline on which most stress was laid than on the perils usually involved in mixed marriages. At the present Synod the same question has occupied the atten tion of the assembled Fathers, and their deliberations Avill lead to renewed efforts to lessen the number, if in a mixed com munity a stop cannot be put to the occur rence of such marriages. The second adverse influence affects school life. The Church and the Avorld are agreed that the children are the hope of the future. The children of to-day will be the men and Avonien to Avlio.io keeping will be entrusted, in the near future, the destiny of Christianity in this hew land. The education of children, therefore, affects every department of life, public and pri vate, social, civil, and religious. I could quote for you, if time permitted, not only Catholic authority, but non- Catholic auth orities of the highest repute — philosophers like Locke ; poets and teachers like Milton ; historians like Guizot ; statesmen like Sir Robert Peel, the Duke of Wellington, Lord John Russell, and Lord Salisbury ; political writers like John Steivart Mill; to shoiv, as one of them expresses it, that " educa tion without i-eligion is but half an educa tion Avith the important half left out;" and that, as another said, " national education shovdd be given and received in the midst of a religious atmosphere, and that religious impressions and religious observances should permeat all its parts," and that as Mill says a general State education is apt to establish a despotism over the mind, leading by natural tendency to one over the body. All these, I might quote, and many more, to show that the absence of religious education is the most adverse influence to Avhich school life can be exposed. But I prefer to put the mat ter in the concrete, and to quote the testi mony of a veteran statesman/still living amongst yourselves, Avho testimony is "all the more valuable because he had a leading part in introducing, a creedless system of education. He did not hesitate on a recent occasion to confess that the system intro duced under political pressure and for political convenience had not realised the hopes of its friends, but had left the colony without that elevating and refining in fluence absolutely necessary for the educa tion of youth. Many of you Avill remem ber the storm of obloquy raised in this colony some sixteen years ago, Avhen the Catholic Bishops took, as they were bound to take, strong and determined action to preserve the divine principle of religious education in their schools. Time and results have amply vindicated their action. The blessing of the Almighty has visibly and palpably rested on their efforts, and, as of old, the intended curse has been transformed into a copious benediction. There Avas a prelate in Sydney in those days Avho declared that the AvithdraAval of State aid from the Catholic schools Avould indeed cause a temporary strain, but that-J it would be followed by. the introduction! into the Archdiocese of a strong body of teaching religious orders, Avho would give a tone and thoroughness to the rising Catholic generations which the existing system from the very nature of the case could not give. And there is a prelate presiding in Sydney to-day who has realised beyond the fondest anticipations of his predecessor the spread and thoroughness of Catholic education throughout the Archdiocese of Sydney. What has been done in Sydney has been done suitably to the circumstances in each diocese of NeAV South Wales. And Avhat has been done in Noav South Wales has been done in Vic toria, South Australia, Queensland, West ern Australia, Tasmania and NeAV Zealand. The result is that the Catholic Church is to-day substantially stronger, more united, and better equipped than if the old school system had been pormitted to continue. Need I tell you, therefore, that during the progress of the Synod, earnest attention was given to the great avoi-Ic of perfecting, and extending our religious school system ? Or need I ask you Avith all the strength of your faith, and all the Avarmtli of your | love for your children, to second the efforts j of your pastors to make religion, in the i Avords of a great philosopher, "the aroma v; of all the sciences," in the Catholic school ? I have great faith in free institutions, and I look forward Avith confidence to the not very distant day when the people of those colonies Avill recognise and rectify the in justice to Avhich Catholics have been sub jected lor conscience' sake in this free land, in the matter of primary education. One thing is certain — that even if there were no other proof of the truth of Catholic doctrine and of the divino life of the Catholic Church except the stand Avhich she, and she alone, instinctively took the moment that tlio piiiiciplo of religious education was assailed, that stand Avould be sufficient to prove that she is not a hire ling, but is the true pastor of souls. cuurcil life. The influences which injuriously affect Church life, are, 1st, the bitter and un reasoning prejudices Avhich, like a dense vapour, serve to distort the true position and tlio radiant feature of tho Catholic Church. 3ud. The agnostic and unclean literature of the day, which obscures and misrepresents the teaching and practise of the Church just as . the darkness which overspread the earth at the time of the Crucifixion concealed from the carnal- minded the supreme avoi-Ic of mercy and salvation that Avas being accomplished on Calvary. 3rd. The deplorable indifference to all religious truths and practices Avliich is one of the characteristics of an age that encourages the substitution of the natural for tho supernatural, the material for the spiritual, and the temporal for the eternal. The Plenary Synod iioav coming to a close Avill, without doubt, have tlio effect of dissipating prejudices, of promoting the spread of sound Catholic literature, and of compelling attention to tho meaning and to the moral of the words with Avhich I have begun : " Heaven and earth shall pass aAvay, but my Avords shall not pass away." And noAV, Most Rev. and Very Rev. Fathers, Avliat words shall I say to you in conclusion? I shall say this — that our lot has been cast in a land Avliose climate, as was said of a green isle in the Western Seas — is soft as a mother's smile, and Avhose soil is fruitful as God's love, Avhose people are earnest, intelligent, courteous, anxious to learn, eager for progress, Avhose different governments are based on the imperial constitution than Avhich the world has never seen a better balanced one, built as it is on precedents broadening to the fullest liberty compatible Avith the security of the lives and properties of the people ; where if danger threatened, no hands or hearts Avould be more Avilling or vigorous in its defence that the hands and hearts of its Catholic citizens, Avhere Avhen avo lift up our eyes Ave cannot help seeing the coun try already white to harvest. What shall I say then but this Avord — In all God's Church, not even excepting America — as there are not such opportunities for reap ing that spiritual harvest, so there are not such obligations as are incumbent on us. It is ours to win this country to Christ from sea to sea. There is no other re ligious communion Avhich has unity of faith. There is no other religious com munion Avhich can show to men a divine commission to teach and save ; there is no other religious communion blessed by God Avith the fecundity of the mother of all the Christian nations. Great are our oppor tunities, great are our responsibilities ! And noAV, dear boloved of tho laity, one word and I have done. It is the glory .of the Catholic Church that she recognises the dignity and seeks the salvation of her individual soul. Every individual Catholic, therefore, is either her glory or her shame. EArery individual Catholic bears the Church and her fortunes in a frail bark over stormy Avaters. Be faithful, be. earnest, be self-denying. Time is short, eternity is long. Heaven and earth shall pass away, but God's Avords shall not pass aAvay. Close of the Council. After Mass the Council Avas brought to a close by Bishop Murray (the Promoter), and Bishop Delany as Secretary read the headings of the Decrees Avliich are to be sent to the Holy See for approval. — Sydney Freeman's Journal. Intense excitement is reported to exist at the vi lage of Colbury, near the New Forest, owing to the report that a ghost has taken to indulging in a nightly Avalk in the vicinity of a local brickyard. The figure is a dark one, and carries an um- l l-o la, and it is stated that it approaches close to people and then suddenly dis appears into t e air. So great an effect has tho story had upon the villagers that they are a 1 afraid to go out after dark, and the road is entirely deserted. — " Lloyd's Newspaper," Oct. G. Under the title of a Unionist Policy for Ireland, a number of representative Irishmen discuss in the current number of the " National Review" some sugges tions for promoting tho poaee and inc eas- in the prosperity of il at country. Lords Castletown and Monteagle, and Mr. II. do P. Montgomery speak on behalf of the j U ionists, Mr, William O'Brien for the Nationalists, and the Lord Mayor of .Dublin for the Parnellities. The non- unionists critics affirm that in their opinion nothiug that can be done by the wisest and most beneficent legislation aud administration can and should be ac eptcd by the bulk of the people, as a s bstitute for a separate Irish Parlia ment B it they are quite willing to accept, while awaiting local self-govern ment, any palliatives which can be offered them. One of these is t'io abolition of tho Lord Lieutenancy and the permanent residence at Du' lin of some members of the Itoyal Family. It is likewise urged that Deno ninational Education should be fairly applied to the sister kingdom, and that the difficulties under which the Christian Brothers now labour should be s opt away ; that light railways should be extended ; that tho land purchase acts should be continued and extended, che machinery for fixing rents should be improved, and provision made for rcstm- iug, with the consent of landlords, evicted . tenants. 