REUNION OF CHRISTENDOM. CARDINAL MORAN UEPLIES TO HiS CRITICS. CARDINAL MORAN, in blessing the foundation stone of the additions to St. Mary's Church, North Sydney, on Sunday, spoke at length: in reply to various criticisms upon his lecture on the re-union of Christendom. Referring to the recent statement by the Protestant Bishop of Melbourne, to the eiïeet that he wished "our people in Australia might come to know more of the 16'Lh century," his Eminence said he fully concurred in that sentiment. Nothing was more desirable than that the young Church of Australia should become acquainted with the genuine history of the Reformation period. In Eng- land, so far as the Catholic Church was con- cerned, history for three centuries might justly be styled conspiracy against truth. As to the statement of the Bishop that, thanks to the Reformation "their forefathers secured those civil and religious liberties which we enjoy," he joined issue with him. That statement was the usual travesty of history, which Protestant writers had pre senteuto the English-speaking world. Far different was trie witness of authentic history. As a result of the Reformation in England the liberties of the nation were trampled on and the whole well-being of the community wivs thrown back for fully 209 years. It remained unquestionable that so far as the Reformation could reach, it aimed a deadly blow at English freedom and checked for two centuries the .progress, education, and enlightenment of the people. Historical researchduringthe present century had brought into the clearest light that throughout the middle ages Rome was the bulwark of orthodoxy, the exterminator of error, the cementer of unity, the advocate of peace, the defender of the weak, and the promoter of the highest civilisation. Dr. Ooe's statement that the Catholic Church was the enemy of the Bible, and that in the oi-vtppnth eentnrv it made a bonfire of all the Bibles she could find, was a mere calumny against the Church, and it would be difficult to devise a more vile misrepresentation of her action in regard to the Sacred Scripture. The Church in the sixteenth century, ns io the precediug ages, untiringly and persever- ing directed her efforts to preserve in nil ita purity the genuine text of tho Scripture, and to make its blessings accessible to the faithful in accurate and authentic translations. No matter what enemies assailed her, tho Catholic Church rested calm and unmoved, conscious of her divine reunion, quickened, * . as she was, by the divine life, and guided by a divine power. Dr. Smith, the worthy Protestant Primate, in his synodica] address« asked if the Catholic Church " would allow them to have the Holy Scriptures for arbiter in religious questions, instead of the Pope?" Now, nowhere in Bacred writ would they find that the office of the Supreme Arbiter in religious matters was nssigued to the Bible. To assign such an office to the Bible was a mere assumption of Frotestanism, put for ward ns a flimsy pretext to justify m some manner their revolt against the authority of . the Holy Church. The Catholic Church could recognise no supremearbiter, save such as was given by, bur blessed Lord. They contended that the Church in its divine constitution as it came from the Redeemer's hands must continue to the end of time. They might well appeal to the witness of experience to teBt what the result may be were the Bible given, in accordance with the Primate's wishes, as the arbiter in the religions disputes . that might arise. The Sacred ' Scripture WIIB set up 300 years ago by the various Protestant sects in Germany as a supreme tribunal, from which there could be no appeal, und from the very first it proved to be a failure. The same use of the Bible led to the same unhappy result in England. They saw continual changes of opinion regarding the doctrines of divine faith and countless sects everyday multiplying within the Anglican Church, while there were no fewer than 700 sects in England, all appealing to tho Scripture «nd all claiming to. he the legitimate offspring: of the Reformation. In the ranks of the Anglican Church to-day, as in the various uoi'lo nf PrnteHl-.iinl.ism. on the rontinenr of Europe and in the United States the princi- . pies of "high criticism," and with all an indifference to supernatural religion and infidelity, ruled supreme. Alluding next to the statement of the Rev. G. M'Innes, the ex- Moderator of the Presbyterian Assembly,' that if the infallibility of the Pope WWB-^Í Êroved "they would all join the Church of tome," his Eminence said that that waa most fully proved in Catholic works, and a Bhorter method would be for him to Invoke the testimony of the Catholic Ohurch. Here was the guarantee from the Divine Redeemer that in the teaching of truth and the fulfil- ment of the commission given to her, she shall not err nor lead others into error, and that that might be attained she was unceas- ingly assisted, protected, and guided by the Holy Ghost. What St. Irenaeus taught in the second century held no less true to-day " through the Church is the ono changeless way of salvation made manifest to the world." It was the teaching.of the Catholic Ohurch that the Pope was heir of St. Peter's privilege, and that when in the exercise of?. his supreme spiritual authority he ex cathedra defined a doctrine of faith to be believed by all the faithful, he could not lead them into error. It was the same authoritative voice of the Church which, gave them the Sacred Scripture as divinely inspired, and. which proposed to them the . doctrine of the infallibility of the Head of the Ohurch, and it was illogical on the part of their Protestant friends to accept one of those truths and to reject the other. 