GENERAL GLEANINGS. Tho Emperor William of Gcnnauy h.is- sent a wreath to the Hoyrd Drr.goon Bcgiincut, of which he is tho honorary colone', in memory of tho battlo of Waterloo, which took plaeo ou June IStb, 1815. Two hundred lady teniperanco delegates from abroad, chiefly from America, r.ro now in England. Tlioy addressed variour, congregations in London on Sunday ' evening.. They j vrill bold nconference this week. Tho Atnorreaii dolcgntcs hs.ro brought z. peiatiosi signed by 2,0'J1),00D women, urging tho Briti;-!! people to do all they can to bring about legislation in the direction of temperance. Xapicr (X.Z.) residents havo been startled to learn that a man actually bartered away hi? wife to a local cab man fur three drinks. The lady in question figured in the police court r. short time ago in a .maintenance case against her husband. A parchment embodying the surrender of tho wife and child was drawn up, and the three drinks stipulated upon having been drunk, the agreement was duly signed. Tho woman, ifc is said, has no dis inclination to abide by the agreement. A Barcaldine (Q.) telegram states that for several days past preparations had been undo for tho celebration of n marriage between two local residents. At tiio wedding a' number, or ilia friends of the parties assembled. Tho contracting parties having arrived, the ceremony was proceeded with until the 'question, " Wilt thon ta!;c this woman ?" etc., was put by tho clergyman. The bridegroom said in s, loud voice, " I will not," repeating tho words three times, and, taking his liat ho hastily left the church. On Saturday morning Constable Jordan, of the Pyrmont police, found r.n old negro named, iSphraini Jcssup, in a fainting condi tion outside his camping place, aledgo of a rock covered with galvanised iron on a piece of vacant land of£ Mount street, Pyr:nout. The officer took tho old man to the {Sydney Hospital, where on regaining conseiousnessho protested against being examined. As ho did not appear '.o be suffering frotn any serious iiliie.?3 he was not detained. Jordan took the old man to tho police station in CJarence-street and locked him up there for protection. Follow ing the usual course the man was searched, although lie strongly objected to (ho proce?3. His clothes consisted of but an old coat in rags, a pair O: trousers, and a pair of boots. In one pocket was found a Savings' Bank deposit book, showing n sum of £T.i 12a lid to his credit. Other of his packets were found to contain numerous small package.', which on being stripped of their paper and rags consisted of all sorts of coins, many being thickly encrusted with dirt. Altogether over £12 was found on him. Aftenrards his camping-pises was searched, and there tho constable found the sum of £1 K's mostly in threepenny piecc3. A deputation waited on the Hon. J. IC. IJrunker (Minister tor Defence-), at that gentleman's private office, V/est Msitiand, on .Saturday forenoon, for tho parpoec of pointing out tho desirableness of holding the neit cricnmpmeni in the Maitland district. Mr John Gillies, MX.A., introduced the denutr.tiou. ilr Uruuker, in reply, said he would be pleased if it were within his power to grant the reijuest at once. He had, however, consulted with the Major-CJeiieral on various occasions as to the advisability of interchanging the location of tho encampments. The difficulty standing in tho way just now was the military vote. lie could not see what provision could bo isado for holdinsr encamp ments in various parts ot the colony during tho present year; that, however, was a matter for the Major-General to consider. If ho (Mr Brunker) could find tho money he would represent to the co'nuiandant the object ot tho ?deputation, and point out to him tho advaularcs which would probably result from collecting; his forec3 in tho Maitland district rather than t:tking them into some distant part of the interior, and he would afford him the fullest information possible. A gho.-t story was told the Ballarat j'ast (Vic.) police on Wednesday night by Mr Frederick Park, a resident of Cobileu-street. Mount Pleasant. Mr Park stated that when at the junction of Ford and Princes streets at about half-past 7 o'clock ho heard tho screams of a woman. Oa going to as certain tho causo of tho noitfo ho observed a man dressed in white and whose face was besmeared with phos phorus. The " ghost" carried a piece of timber cut in the shape of a coilin lid- Mr Park saya he went in pursuit of the man, and catching him ascuHo ensued. Tho man drew a knife, struck Mr Park on tho arm, cutting his coat and shirt ami peratching his arm. and then made off. Constable M'Pherson on Thurrday took the matter in hand and made close in quiries of tho neighbors as to whether they heard scrcims at tho spot and hour mentioned above. Mrs A. Ilar vev, who resides at the corner of Ford and Princes streets, and at whose gato the assault is alleged to have been committed, stated that she wa3 at homo at tho hour mentioned and did not hear any screams, whilst two other re sidents of Princes-street and a pedes trian who happened to pass down Eureka- strcet, near Princc3-Rtrect, at about hslf-p.i:ii 7 o'clock, did not hear any noise. On tho other hand, four persons (according to the local Courier), including a young girl, heard faint screams. 