A Boy's Prank and Its Results. l-rancre was the boy's name, and Ada was his sister. Francis was a bright, mischievous boy. He was the head of his class in school, but through his tricks he was always getting iuto trouble, Ada. his sister, was auite different, beiite rather delicate— a very quiet, gentle girl. No brother and sister were ever more unlike, ber almost black hair, dark eyes and sallow complexion forming a striking contrast to his fair nair, grey eyes, aud that mischievous look wbiebnever left his face. Francis liked to frighten his sister, and being fond of reading ghost stories (the more fright ing the better), he was able to pick out one to tell his sister that would have made the hair of most people stand on end. This night the wind was howling around the house, aud Francis was telling his sister a most terrifyiug ghost story. When he had come to the end of it, Ada was looking frightened indeed. , "Now, you Billy thing, I expect you will be seeing a gliost," her brother said. But Ada remembered the ghost all the next day. Even in the afternoon it haunted her. The school was nearly a mile off, but that day they were let out a little earlier than usual, in order to be home before it rained. A heavy thunderstorm was coming up. Ada had to go to the store for some groceries, and by tho time the was half way home, she hadtostop at a neigh bor's house for shelter from the etorm. Francis had gone straight home. Down the rain came in torrents, lightning flashing everywhere. It was neaily dark when the storm was over. The water lav in Pools on the ground. Ada had yet half & mile to go through a thick dense scrub. This was not all. A wateibole that she had to go past was said to he haunted. A few mouths before a tramp had been fiund drowned in it. Since then, after dark, a tramp wok snid to roam about there. A she walked along, the branches throw down sbower6 of raindrops. The moon came up bright and clear, shining down between the branches. The ghost story kept runniug through Ada's head. 8he quit expected to see the tramp's ghost. Trembling with fear, she crept up nearer and nearer the waterhcle. "Oh ! If she only knew some other track than that past the waterhole." She dare not leave the narrow track, wiuding iu aud out among the tushes. She knew uo | other way. Hark ! what was that noise 'r Wee not that something It moved. J It was not a stump, was it : J She stood still. | No.it was only a sha low. J llut— something further ou, .juite white aud motionless. The buuehes moved, aud the light fell on it. < »nly a bough of withered leaves. She started on a?«riu. when something spraug out from behind a bush. t stood against the dark background of )e&v;<r6 white and shrouded. Hie ghost ! Slowly it raised its hind as if in warning. There it stood, white and motionless as a statue. For otie m.-.m-mt <1M Ada ri unl trans fixed : then, with a terrified cry, she dashed madlv a way. But wus Lot the ghost rather small r Itlauphea, 'J'o her th« hi'ih was terrible, but io reality it was one she should have known very well. Splash ! she wa6 iu the waterhole I She ln.l run right iuto it in hor fright. The ghost's hand fell, .mil he ran toward the waterhole. "JTiere was Aus, right in the middle, '.Higgling. Dowu she disappeared. A lew bubbles mobe. That was all. Tho ghoit taw this and flung off iho shroud. Now" it was tho ghost uo longer— only Francis, Ada's brother. Fraud? jumped iu u:ccr his sifter. But the vvatc-rh »!e wa3 a arge cue, and he could not find her. lie was frightened. What could he do If she was not louud at on :e she would bs drowned. He h.id only meant to frighten her. Had he killed ber li was regret as uiuch as fear that haunted him. Troublesome ghosts both. As soon as he scrambled out ie gave one look arouud. If she wei'O not saved, and it werekuowu be bad played ghost, he would get into trouble ; hung, perhaps, he thought. _ He thought ho need not say anything about it. Ho Bustcbed up the sheet which was now quito wet with the shrubs that at every breeze sent dowu a 6hower of ram with a pelter. Boiling it up under bio arm, he rau home, lie had never ruu so last before. Aumubernf shrubs grow beneath the gum trees, aud everywhere the ntag-feru and fallen logs covered the place. As soou as Frauds reached home he threw the shroud in through the wiudow. Ho had already made up the story he would tell his mother. 8be was preparing a supper for Ada. " Ada's fallen in the waterhole; she was ruuuiog bard and fell in. I couldn't get her out." His father and a man off' tho farm ran off at ouce, hut the waterhole was deep, and dark uight had come, for the moon wa9 again clouded. Years ago— for the waterhole was very old— a Urge tree had crashed riirht into it, aud oooie of its limb still remained there. At lost they got her dead body, aui carried it home. Francis, when bed- time came, was eent to bed. He bad wrung the sheet as dry as possible, and put it iu hi6 bed. Not a very comfortable bed, nor a very good rest A damp sheet and a guilty conscience. Horrible dreams of ghosts aud waterholeB haunted him all night long. In the morning ho was told that Ada was dead. The thought of how bad a brother he had lieen kept running through his mind. How be had always tried to frighten her. If ehe had not fallen into the waterhole, they would most likely have quarrelled and made it up, and he would have thought no more about That day the inquest was held, and the Coroner asked Fraucis all sorts of questions. Ibis gentleman's sharp eyes seemed to read his very thoughts, yet Francis was afraid to tell the truth. Ada was buried, and Francis cried bitterly. He wanted to tell, and yet was afraid. The next morning he aid not get up. He was too sick to leave his bed, and had a fever ish appearance. In the afternoon he began to ramble. A doctor was sent for. "Clearly a esse of brain fever, "he said, ' He mu&t; be watched very closely, as there is no saying what he may do.'' Francis kept on calling to Ada during the night. He believed she was there, heaping him with reproaches. The next morning the doctor came again, and gave Francie a sleeping draught. Soon after be sank into a quiet sleep, and hie mother, who had been watching ell night, took a short rest. Presently Francis woke up. No one, he thought, in bis delirium, was there hut Ada. " Go away, Ada ; go away. J did not know you would foil iu. 7 only meant to frighten you." His mother, who awoke at the first sound, now started up, wondering. All of & sudden the truth flashed on her mind. He had often tried to frighten his sister. She hurried into his room, but he was not there. She looked out of the window. He was ruuning iuto tbe scrub as hard as possible, with a sheet thrown over bis head. She ran out, and after him, calling to hie father, who was working a little way off. Both gave chase, They did not overtake him until he had reached the fatal water-hole. As he now stood still they slackened their pace. Up out of the water-hole, it seemed to Francis, there arose a figure. Francis folded the sheet quite close about him, and bent over the water- hole as if looking for something. To his fevered fancy, it seeraea that the figure threw back long, dark hair from its face. It was Ada! Francis stood still— looking fixedly at the im aginary figure. Then, he thought, Ada called him. He made a start, and fell in bead first, and immediately sank, being unable to struggle on account of the sheet. His mother and father rushed to the spot. His father jumped in to save Francis. He could uot find him at ouce, for to dive under the limb was decidedly dangerous, and when he did at last lied him and threw him on the bank, he too was dead. 