CHAPTER XXX. Nora was sitting at the dead man's head, with her cloak thrown lightly over her long black hair, that hung in dishevelled masses round her figure. Her attitude was that of a very picture of woe. When she looked up as Markey staggered . into the tent, the lines of her features seemed drawn in agony, but her eyes were tearless. The abandonment of grief had dried up the well of that sweet relief which kindly Nature has provided for the stricken. The tears would not come. The mighty form of her brother lay in its last long sleep, stretched on the rude digger's bed, and surrounded by the implements of his avocation - the pick and shovel and the prospecting dish, no more to be wielded by his strong arm. Here and there were the marks of the slashes of the soldiers' swords, and the little canvas partition which divided the tent into two apartments hung down in loose and tattered fragments. It was altogether a scene of desolation and ruin. Even Markey seemed affected by the sight. He walked, or rather staggered up to Nora, and said : " Douglas and gang gone Blythfield." " What ?" she asked, the open-eyed misery acquiring a new interest. " Douglas and gang gone Blythfield. Shoot Markey, but Markey run. Douglas no miss this time," and the poor fellow pointed to the wound in his leg, from which the blood was flowing rapidly. Alas ! blood was no scarce commodity on the Eureka that day. Nora rose to her feet in an instant. " How do you know, Markey, that they are gone to Blythfield ?" " Heard Douglas say, Go night. Traps busy. Shoot Bill and old man. Wait go sleep. Pirle and him lubra there too. Shot Markey when um saw um." " Then," said Nora, " not a minute must be lost. You go to camp and tell all. Get your wound looked to. I will go to Blythfield and warn them. Quick ! quick !" But Markey did not like "quick, quick." He was weak and tired, and thought more of lying down, and Nora actually pushed the black out of the place and ordered him to go at once to the camp, a command which he reluctantly obeyed. Nora had her mare tethered near the tent. She had contrived during all that awful day to keep the animal safe. She made no change in her dress, but tied up her hair in a great mass on the back of her head. She looked once more at the dead body of her brother before she went out. " I cannot do more for you, Owen," she said. "O my brother, my brother ! What you have endured for my sake ! My poor brother ! But it is past for you, as it soon must be for me also. And now farewell for a little while, but not for long." She stooped down and kissed the dead man's brow and lips, and laid her head for a moment on his cold breast. " Owen," she cried, " you must pity me wherever you are. Your love has always been near me and around me, and it cannot be dead. You cannot have taken it all with you. But I love him too, better a thousand times than I did the other for whom all was sacrificed. Even you. And I must save him for the sake of that love. O love, love ! is it worth all I have paid for it ? But it will be done," she continued after a pause, " it wili be done, even if I have to leave you to do it." There were lights, after tlie custom of her country, piaced at the head of the bed. These she moved ed so that there was no chance of anything catching fire, and then she went out. In the misty light she could distinguish the sad mementos of the struggle - the torn tents, the piled-up debris, and here and there the broken pike or shattered gun. But she took no heed of these. In one corner of the stockade there were some heavy planks placed so as to give a meagre protection, and beneath them a small opening. From the same place Lalor had crept some hours after he had received his wound and was carried off by his friends, who effectually concealed him. The mare whinnied when she saw her mistress, and rubbed her soft muzzle against the girl's shoulder. But she also had work to do. It took only a few minutes for putting on the saddle and bridle, and Nora led the animal out of the enclosure. She had to avoid any sentinel that had been posted around the field, because she knew that the shortest detention would ruin all her hopes of saving the people of Blythfield. Markey would give sufficient instructions for the guidance of the troopers. Very cautiously she proceeded, and at last she reached the open space at the foot of the hill, and knew that the time had come when her great effort was to be tried. Would she succeed ? Would she be in time to warn ? The mare was ready for her share of the work. She had been fretful and impatient when held in by the strong hand of her mistress, but when Nora leaped to her back the beautiful creature laid down her ears and started off in full stride in an instant, shaking her head and bounding with all four hoofs from the ground in play. Then she settled down for her long gallop. " Fifteen miles - fifteen miles ! Shall we be in time ?" Nora asked herself as she set her teeth hard and fixed herself in her seat. Then came the long monotony. Nothing could be heard but the eternal "creak, creak," of the cicades or the mocking cry of the laughing jackass, as he whirled away from his roost further and deeper into the wilds of the bush. Nothing but the rhythmic beat of the mare's hoofs, now on the hard quartz pebbles, now on the softer sward, where the deeper thudding found distinct echoes amongst the ghost-like trees. Although so intent on the work she had undertaken, with that singular soul- play that affects our most serious, Nora began to marry the hoof-beats to words of her own. " In time, in time ; I love him, but never be mine, be mine." Perhaps all she had gone through during that awful had to some extent shaken her reason. She could only grasp the one great idea, of saving the man she loved ; and almost coincident with this was the overwhelming consciousness of her great loss. But with all the phantasms that crowded her teeming imagination, the refrain always rang in her mental ear, " I love him, but never be mine, be mine." Up the steep slopes of the hills, down the echoing glades, across the little levels where the timid light struggled with the shadows cast by the great gums, and threw the fretted tracery on the cold ground. Nora held her way. Poor Fiffine did not understand it all, but evidently her beloved mistress wanted her to do her best, and she did it. She had given up play. She had set herself to do that task whatever it was, and do it she would to the grim end, even if her slick sides began to heave with every deep drawn breath, and the scanty air had to be caught in wide-distended nostrils. Was she not a thoroughbred, and had not her sires gained the honours of many a field? At last, at last a check. Down the mare and her rider plunged into the ice- cold waters of the Lee. Would there not be a minute to have the cool flood lave the reeking flanks, a moment to dash the hot muzzle into the stream, and let it flow down and cool the dry and burning throat. Only an instant, not more ; and then on again. But what sound is that which strikes chill on poor Nora's ears as she passed near the track leading to Heltoff's shanty? By heavens it is the neigh of a horse, and she can hear the hoarse voices of men calling to each other, and the hurry and scurry of many feet and hoofs. "Now, my Fiffine," the girl said as she stretched over and patted the neck of her mare. " Now only three miles more, and your work and mine is done." The mare neighed her answer, as if she was actually conscious of what was demanded of her, and then she gathered herself up and shot out like an arrow from the bow. But fleet steeds followed after. Not quick enough, however, for the sixteen men that had rushed from Heltoff's when the sound of the passing horse was heard by the sentinel outside, and by the horses who had welcomed, in equine language, the approach of their honest sister. There was no doubt about it. It could only be a spy to warn their intended victims and save the rich booty from their clutches. " On, boys ; we shall catch him, and make him pay for interfering in our business. We have had some of Heltoff's "blue ruin," and it is maddening our heads, and putting murder in our hearts, if it was not there before. And that infernal spy will pay for it all in his life- blood. Whip and spur, boys. Whip and spur. Your cattle have travelled before, and, by heavens ! they must travel now, if never again." " Only two miles, my Fifine ; only two miles more. They are tailing off. They are no match for you, tired as you are. No match for you, my beauty. Only one of them. A big white brute that I can just see when he darts from one shadow into another. " In time, in time, but he will not be mine, be mine." No matter, Fiffine ; you and I have done well. Why both ? Oh, why both ?" " By -- ! he is beating us. Spur, spur, or our game is up. Douglas, your grey is outpaced - the horse you thought had no equal in Australia. Spur, spur ! It is a race now. There is nothing else for it but ride. The house is almost in sight, and if they have only a chance they are not men to give in. We'll have all we can do, unless we catch them off their guard. Spur ! spur ! By heaven ! It is a woman. I saw her as she rose in the saddle to take that log. lt is that Shanaghan girl, I'll swear - the hell cat that shot Corbett. D-- her ! We'll have her now, if we tear down the house with our nails." . " Shoot, shoot ! or our chance is lost. There is the white fence right ahead, and we ain't got a second to spare." " Steady all, steady ! I've often enough taken a flying shot before. Are you ready ? Fire all, then." Three sharp cracks rang out, three little bursts of flame, but the dark figure still continued to bound on ahead. Some of the pursuers thought they heard a little scream as they set their horses quickly into motion again. Were they deceived ? Yes, they must have been, for now the horse and rider reached the high fence, and at a wild cry of encouragement, which reached the ears of the savage men, the noble brute rose to the leap and cleared it like a deer. " It is the Shanaghan girl, d--- her ! lt must be her." " 0 Fiffine, they have shot me, my beauty. I feel the weakness of death stealing over my limbs, but we must do our work, you and I, no matter how it comes. Queer, brother and sister on the same day. Well, we have never long been separated during our lives, and now we shall soon be together again. Yes, there is tho house, and there is a light, thank heaven. Quick, quick ; or we will fail at the very last ; Quietly now, Fiffine. House ! house ! Help ! Help !" A rush to the door, and two men ran out just in time to catch the rider as she swayed forward in her saddle, and would have fallen to the ground. But the work was not yet fully done. It was Bill who held her in his arms. lt was Bill's hands that were moistened red by her life-blood. " Quick, quick," she whispered in his ear. " Quick, Douglas is coming round the paddock. I leaped the fence." Poor Fiffine stood with outstretched legs and heaving flanks. Her gallant head drooped down, with bloodshot eyes and nostrils, the tail quivering in nervous exhaustion. But no time was to be lost even for Fiffine. She must take her chance. The state of the case was caught at once by Bill and Tom Malcolm. The whole house was already roused, even before the heavy gallop of the murderous crew was heard. Nora's daring leap had saved them all, for not a man of her pursuers could take it. It was only a gain of a few minutes, but those minutes were worth hours. 