U h e f a g of gEest' THE RESURRECTION BODY. • X [By REV. FREDERICK HASTINGS.] Preached in Chelsea Congreffational Church. "How are the dead railed up? With what manner of body do they come7"—1 Cor. sr. 35. Many have bsen perplexed by the question %s Co how we ehaii rise from the dead. In the Church the idea has been widespread that we shall ell lie in the grave waiting tor the last cramp. Then it hag been thought that although our bodiei shall eeem to decay, or bo mattered about in fragments, all parts will simultaneously and miraculously spring together at the potent sound of the trumpet. Then all are eipeoted to rush at once to judgment. A oomforting doctrine thiB last to those who wish to have their individual guilt covered up by the mass of the judged. M.uoh in this idea is Jewish, and even Egyptian in srigin. The Jews thought that the body would rise with all its weakness, deformities, and diseases. They had great discussions as to the resurreotion, and asked Christ about it, and He showed that some of their oonoeptions were erroneous. It is, undoubtedly, almost a presumptuous thing to speak of the probable manner of our resurrection, but we shall do it with a sense of humility arising from a conviction that this is one of the things hard to be understood—oneon which we hare only a aartial light. WHAT BODr WILL BISE? Shall we rise from the grave with the identical body whiah wag placed therein? The Apostle Paul has been very explicit in one passage inreBpeot to the question. He saye, % ' We BOW not the body that shall be." He IB speaking of seed oorn first, and then transfers the figure to man. In the Apostles' Creed, which is recited now as in the past, Christians say they " believe in the resurrection of the body." Many say it, but with a real doubt as to whether it'will be the same body. If, however, they wonld consider that illustration of the seed oorn in 1 Cor. xv., they wonld find light' on the perplexing poinh Paul teaches as that we shall have a body, that' it will eeem as real, and tangible as the one we now possess. He teaches us that aa the seed is oast into the ground and deoaye, so the body is to decay; that out of it is to spring a body as real, as visible, as touchable to the beings of another state as the body we now wear is tangible to our fellows in this state. A SHBIT-BODT. Another thing Paul plainly teaoheB is that the resnrreotion body is to be a spiritual body. "Thereis a natural body and there is • spiritual body." Now, the two terms, spirit and body, seem opposed, but they are not necessarily so. A "spiritual body" means a body adapted to-the spiritual state. The son! must take upon it some form. It muBthave some " vehicle" or some dwelling-place. Pure being may be as intangible as thought. Thought dwells in the brain, so the soul must have a dwelling-place. It will dwell in a spiritual body hereafter. LIGHT FROM CHBIET'S TOMB. We get some farther light on this point from the resurrection of Christ. After He rose He could be touohed. He moved about as before. He passed through fastened doors in the apartment where the disoiplea were assembled. He walked-to Emmaus and sat down as an invited guest to meat. He walked on the seashore and directed toiling fishermen where to oast the net. He took a piece of broiled fish and of honeyoomb. He ate before HiB disciples. He said to Thomas, "Reach hither thy hand and thruBtit into My aide." He said again, " Handle Me; a spirit, hath not flesh and bones as ye see Me have." He meant that a mere ghoit had no snoh form. Yet He was wearing a spiritual body, and He may have eimpended for" a time,, by the exercise of Divine will, the laws under which spiritual bodies exist. He rose, however, with that same resnrreotive and spiritual body to Heaven. He wears itstill. What Christ was after His resurreotion shows as what we are to be. Moreover, He thereby gives us bints of the conditions under which we shall exist. "We shall be like Him, for we shall see Him as He is." It is not probable, then, that the body we shall have hereafter will be the one that saw corruption in the grave. That body most deoay. That whioh we sow is not quickened except it die. It lives in the decaying. That whioh is given, will, however, eeem to us to be as much part of our real body as onr present body. It Willi probably seem identical with this. A GOD-GIVEN BODY IS TO BE ODES. We must l nimimhrii that there may be some variety of form, for a body is to be given such as will be determined by God. "God giveth it a body as it pleaseth Him." As all things here are adapted by His wisdom, and evolved by His power, so will they be in the future. There, is a Divine purpose and power operating in every change and controlling every circumstance. Every ohange means advance. All evolutionary movement is upward. To the perfect is a higher perfection. However 'orions-onr natures, they are to be still more' S„ orious in harmony with the good pleasure of the Divine wilL A BODY. APPROPRIATE TO CONDITIONS. Probably the body there will not be subject to variations in state, or weariness, or decay. That which is incorruptible will not be worn -out or deoay. Our present body has constantly to be built np by food. Food makes blood. The power in the muscles of the heart carries that blood over the body. Those muscles have a God-given, inexplicable power for a certain length of time. The power of expansion and contraction is in its^eepest reoess a mystery. By that pewer it is that the blood is distributed through the body, so that those parts needing sustenance receive it. These mnecles go on expanding and contracting without effort, without exhaustion, for a oertain time. We oan imagine a similar power being given to the whole body .in the futtufe, so that it shall exist for ever without effort or need of renewal. But we know not the conditions of the future state, we only believe that whatever they are oar resnrreotion body will be adapted to tbem. BESUBBKCTION A PRESENT PROCESS. We rather oonoeive of the resurrection as how going on. Christ said, " I am the resnrreotion." He did not mean merely He would be aSsome far-off period. It may be a continuous development rather than a spasmodio event. Hence, if we so regard it, we shall see that the illustration Paul used concerning the seed oomis most suggestive. We shall Bee that the resurrection body doubtless grows out of this as the ear of oorn oomes from the single "bare grain." The single seedlies under the surfaoe of the ground. The moisture and warmth of th v e ground cause it to swell, to open, and to sprout. From the innermost kernel oomeB a tiny little blade, whioh has a wonderful life in it. That blade begins to expand upwards and push its way past hard pieces of earth and stones, seeking the sunlight. It oan only press upwards if not buried too deeply. The blade is connected with the decaying seed. Simultaneously with the ascent of the blade rootlets are thrown oat with powers nnthonght of for suction and absorption. These rootlets have a strange, intelligent, discriminatory power. They select the very partioles that may be neoessary for the building up of the new blade. The husk completely deoays when it bas served its purpose of preserving the vital germ, but the life is csntinued in another form. That form, with stalk, blades, and ear, is far more trlorious than the single compressed seed. ThuB the natural body may be buried or burned, drowned or broken, scattered to the four quarters of the globe, but out of it haB been springing a body whioh is full of glory. It is not to rise in weakness but to be "clothed in power." Byjreason of faith in the Lord Jesus Christ, and the working of His Spirit, there will be a clothing upon us hereafter of a body whioh is to be "like to His glorious body." When we put off this tabernacle we are to have a "building of God,"a production of Divine power, "eternal in the heavens." "TUB DCST OP CT.SAR." It will be seen from these remarks, then, that we cannot believe that the resurreotion body will be identioal with the corruptible body we now possess. Suppose we were to suggest that it would be the same, we should then have to ask the question as to which body we should have. We ohange the particles ot our material body several times in life. We are always turning to dust. Shall we have our youthful or our aged self ? As individuals we must remember that in us are probably many particles that once helped to compose the bodies of other men. Through eating herbs or animals we have assimilated them. To Jhis ShakBpwe refers when he speaks of the possibility of the "dust of Caesar stopping a bungboIa."_ Indeed, very ordinary mortals have in them by natural process tbe dost of several very extraordinary men. The theory so long held and 60 persistently propagated that we shall have the identioal body is fraught with difficulties and beset with teeming absurdities. That, however, whioh regards the fntare body as an outgrowth from this is muoh more apprehensible and in harmony with the analogy of the Apostle concerning the seed eorn. The inspired Word tell us. "That whioh thou sowest thou sowest not that body which shall be, bat bare grain." The one decays; the spiritual body is developed in the decay. Some might object that to argue in the way that we have done is to present gross and materialistic ideas oonoerning the future. Not so: but we seek to avoid that materialism which repels, and, on the other hand, that Spiritualistic method which leaves nothine for the mind to apprehend. It is not* a mere poetical idea, although Oliver Wendell Holmes field something like it. He believed that our spiritual self extends its influence,® few feet found us. Those who come within its sphere are magnetically^ attracted. This is a natural *s well as a spiritual possibility. This gives definiteness. We exist here, and will not believe that in the future we shall eaoh be only an airy nothingness, floating in mysterious ether, intermingled with other souls or soulmatter, and either all be so exactly alike that there will be co possibility of knowing the spirit of Abraham frbm Moses, Or that of PatS from Peter; we are not to be absorbed in abstract being and oease existence. There is, we believe, a mysterious germ of lite working in each believer which will raise him nob only to judgment, but to eternal life, and give him a maintained distinctness from all other soals. We cannot comprehend ail the prooess any more than we oan fully understand the mystery of God's working in tbe natural world, bat we aacept it on the assurance of the Divine word that there is a natural body and there is a spiritual body. Oh, how awful is the thought of the wonders underground; Oh, the mystic changes wrought in the silent dark profound! How each thing is upward tending by necessity decreed. And tbe world's support depending on the shooting of a seed. God, who hai resuscitated the race so often and so regularly by the supply of. grain, will, by the same power, raise us to another state ot being, in which we shall wear the outward frame He has appointed. THE 31VSTERT OF PRESENT LIFE. After all, the idea of a resurrection is surrounded by no greater difficulties than the fact of oar present existence. What a mystery is the present life! That we should live and move as we do, under certain physical lawB, would have seemed to ns an impossibility, if we oould have existed in some previous state, and were to try to conceive of this. Suppose a trout to be endowed with intelligence, and suppose that it could be made to understand that there was another state wherein beings moved abont, it oonld not easily c&noaive; that we could live without being surrounded by water. Suppose it could watch the grub of a dragon-fly crawling up the Btalk of a reed towards the air; it might say, "Foolish thing, it had better keep at the bottom of tbe river than attempt to get out of its element." And when it should see the shell of the grub fall back and sink in the waters, it might eay, Ah, that is all that comes from snch aspirations after another life. The grub being is dead and done with." The trout might imagine that there is no future existence for it because it oould not see beyond the waters. And if taken out of the water to see proof, its eyea wonld, directly they were out of the water, have snoh a film over them that it would not even be able to see anything beyond an indefinable light. It would certainly not be able to see that from the grub form, that had felt the strange npward impulse, another form—a very glorious form—had emerged. It oould not follow it in its flight, as now with airy, gauzy wings the dragon- fly would float, with very different tantes and unimagined powers, over gardens, meadows, hills, hedgerows, trees, and rivers. All will easily see the analogies that might be drawn, and the futility of many materialistic objections to the facts of immortality and resurrection. All the developments of tbe future in respeet to the body, we believe, will not be arbitrary, but according to the working of a natural law. God will give a body as it bath pleased Him, and to every seed its own body. There is a Divine plan with respeot to the resnrreotion. THE PERIOD OF GRAVE TENANCY. It is not easy at once to determine from Soripture as to whether the resurreotion of the body will take place immediately after death or ages hence; whether there is a long or a very brief period of unconciousness. Two resurrections are referred to in the Bible— that from sin and that from the grave. When Christ said, "The hour is coming, and now is, when the dead shall hear the voice of the Son of God," &c.;, He was doubtless Bpeaking, first, of the spiritual awakening from Bin; seoondly, of the resurreotion of the body, the redeemed body, the body which is given by God to each believer. Hence we find that when Christ, on the cross, had effected the full sacrifice for a world's guilt, and when He " cried with a loud voioe, yielding up the ghost," that the "graves were opened, and many bodies of the saints that slept arose and came out of the gravss after His resurreotion, and went into the holy city and appeared (or had appeared) unto many." - Because Christ had risen death hadnolongerpowertoholdtheholyandreoently deceased. They arose possibly as gently and quietly as we awake from sleep, and " entered into the holy city." So may it be now. There may be a continuous resurrection. We cannot believe that when the breath has passed from the body we simply enter on a long, long, long sleep, or lie still, possibly for thousands of year3. We oannot believe that the God who is the God not of the dead but the living, could be himself oontent to leave some in a state of such long unconsciousness, waiting for a given signal to rise. Moses and Elijah knew nothing of such a long sleep, for they were alive and oonsoious on the Mount of Transfiguration. Paul anticipated nothing of the kind, for he said, " Absent from the body, present with the Lord." He said further, "To die iBgain." He longed to be "clothed upon with his house (i.e., bis body), whioh is from heaven." Peter did not expeot along period Of unconsciousness in the grave when he was about to be put off hiB " tabernacle" as the Lord Jesus Christ had showed him.- And the seer of Patmos did not expect it when he gazed with raptured vision on the Holy City "prepared as a bride for her husband." And Christ did not tell the penitent thief that eventually he should meet him in the eternul world, but He eaid, "To-day shall thon be with me in Paradise." The reBarrection period began long ago. The resurrection day we believe is tbe whole long period that intervenes between the death of the first real believer in God and the time when the last redeemed soul will be garnered. The seer of Patmos represents tbe saved as arisen, and as consciously happy, singing the eong of Moses and the Lamb. We believe that the moment when the individual soul passes from the body into the unseen is tbe supreme moment, the period, the day of resnrreotion to that soul. Then it receives the body that is given by God. We believe that that, also, is the day of judgment to that souL Then the individual soul is judged, and according to that judgment will range itself in God's universe on the right or left hand. The occupation, temperament, character, habitnal thoughts, and surroundings stamp themselves upon our thoughts here. They mark themselves in the countenance. They stamp themselves into that spirit-body which is the outgrowth of this, as the blade, stalk, and foil ear is the outgrowth of the single " bare grain" that is cast into the ground. If we have loved evil and indulged in sin, we shall find that as the- mildew in the oorn stops the reproductive power of each grain, so sin will hinder us from going from stage to stage Of progressive being. Not only spiritual sterility, but positive evil, will be stamped on the unholy. The state we call death makes no ohange in the spirit, but only in the form that spirit takes. The oharacter of that heavenly "spiritual body" will answer to what we are. All will be in harmony with a lofty law of which we are even cognizant here. Our heaven will be what we individually are to it, and our resurrection spiritbody will be the form fitting to our capacities or Bpiritual attainments. Yon have looked in the face of some dear one departed—locked intothos eyes that onoe responded to your glance—looked upon that mouth that will never utter here again words of love. Touoh with your lips lightly that brow l'ke chill marble, once the temple of thought. Lift that hand, once so graceful in aotion, so ready in deeds of goodness. Now how palsied! Turn away. Sinking is your heart. Deep, low, suppressed, but bitter thy moans over thy IOSB. But oh! bereaved friend, siBter, brother, parent, husband, or widow, realize something else. Thy dear one is even now a risen, glorified being. It wears already the resurrection spirit-body, which has been given according as it pleased God. Oat of that deoaying, corrupting form you hasten _ to bury has the real being you loved risen in Christ. Your dear one has not perished, but IB only changed, translated, glorified. He who arose from the grave in all the majesty of Divine power will raise those you have had to lose and mourn—those whose loss is not lessened by the years, nor the memory of them dimmed by the multiplicity of after events. The loved and lost are risen. They are in the last resurrection period or stage of being. Wherefore sorrow not as those who have no such hope. Sorrow not, but lay hold of God's own consolation. Resember that, as we have been trying to show, we shall have an dbtual spiritual body such as God determines to bestow. We believe that we shall have one appropriate to oar future environment, one that will grow out of this as the ear of corn from the single grain. We believe that that spiritual body is now developing in us unseen. We believe that the day of death is the dropping of the old husk for the fuller revelation of the spiritual being. We believe that there is to be DO loni? period between the moment when the mortal body decays and the new is given. We believe that what we are here in character we shall ba in the world to whioh we hasten. Remember these things, even though tears should still flow at the realization of some great loss. Immense ooEsolation should come as you think thus of the present happiness and glory of those who have departed iu the faith of the blessed dead who died in the Lord. Remember these things and say, "Let those who oan be oontent to be 'cast as rubbish to the void' live as they like, live for the world if they will; we dare not! We will live as those should do who believe that even now we have in ns. through faith in Christ, the germ developing of that spiritual body which shall be fully revealed when we have slipped off this 'mortal coil.'" This body is of the earth earthy, but there is a spiritual body. May God help us to live here in harmony with suoh a faith ; may He mould ns to His will; may He work in us to will and to do of His good pleasure ; may He save us from doing in this state anything that will make us ashamed when we actually stand before _ Him in all the glory of the resurrection life. May He indeed, by His Spirit, fit us at last to aeoend to where the clouds received our Saviour out of our sight. May He keep as by His grace and present us faultless before the throne. Amen. 