Mosseriel. (FROM AN OCCASIONAL CORRESPONDENT.) An amateur dramatic entertainment took placo here on Easter Monday night by a local company, consisting of Messrs Ryan, ; Silk, Cameron, and Thomas, in aid of funds i for prizes for the Public School. The entertainment was a distinct sue | cess — both artistically and financially. Tho j general get-up, staging, sceuory, &c.;, was I equal to anything seen in provincial towns, ! and rcllccted the highest credit on ull con j cerned. In fact, I should rccommeud that | the scenic artists, Messrs Thomas and I Cameron, be recommended to tho notice of j Sir Frederick Loighton or Sir John Millais, I in order that work of such high merit be rc I warded with the coveted appendage of R. A. | or some such distinction, as the puinting was both suitable in design and capital in I execution. ' The affair opened with the well-known , farce, ' Rum 'tins from Rome,' with tho fol I lowing casto Chump, an irritable and petrified old fossil, was taken by Mr T. j Ryan. Arabella, his bowildered daughter, 1 who was placed between the dovil und the deep deen sea in having two rival suitors, was represented by Master Arthur Bellamy. Captain Smith, a dashing officer and ac cepted suitor of Chump's daughter, was im personated by Mr Gus Cameron, while the villain of tho play foil to tho lot of Sir A. Thomas— wljo did it full justice. Ajax and Hercules— tho bogus statues— were taken by Master J. Ryau and Mr Silk respec tively. As regards the ooting generally, it may bo awarded 'good.' Mr Ryan appeared to have mastered the idiosyncrasies of the character lie pourtrayed — and although the athletic build of the actor was instroug con trast to what ono would conceive to bo sui table for the old and decropid Chump, yet the subdued and clever adaptation of Mr Ryan's manner must be put down as quite a succoss. ' Arabella ' was ably represented by Master Bellamy, who would improve his acting by throwing more life, gush, and ef fusion into the character. 'The Captain' was quite at home in the hands of Mr Gus Cameron. Mr Thomas appeared to fairly revel in the villainy of ' Chips,' and 'Julius' was cleverly managed by Mr Silk j aud Master Jim Ryan creditably re presented Ajax. The interval between tho farces, ' Rum 'uns from Rome,' aud a local composition entitled, 'Tho Mossgiel Coons,' was occu pied by the rendering of songs and recita tions bv Messrs A. L. P. Cameron, Pursons, and Palmer— who severally acquitted them selves to the entire satisfaction of their uu riienco. Tho 'Mossgiel Coons' was somewhat tedious in tho hrst act, but made up for this iu the final and imprcssivo (to the young folk) ghost scene. ' A ball followed— the music was well ren dered'; tho daucors pleased ; tho dresses gay, better imagined than described— and 'gener- ally, pleasure and satisfaction reigned supreme. — — 