YOUKG FOLKS. His Guiding Star. By Miss Annie Reeve. [Weitten fob the Sydney Mail] To die as she had died, And go forth with her, side by Bide. —Longfellow. It was Christmas eve and a terrible day, to be sure ! A typical Australian day, with deep, blue, cloudless sty, in which the pitiless sun hung like a ball of fire, withering with its fierce rays every fresh green blade or tender plant that dare show itself above grouud. The mercury in the thermometers regibtered 100. degrees in the shade, and every now and then there , arose a scorching hot wind that blew the thick dust round the corners of the streets and through the open windows, making its victims gasp for breath. A day that one might manage to get through all right in the country, but which was absolute cruelty to the dwellers in towns. A day on which many a struggling spirit quitted its Buffering body and entered into everlasting rest ; a day on which even the strong became faint and exhausted^and the weak and sickly were bowed down withwearinefs to the very earth. Perhaps God stnds to us such days as these that we may better see, and feel more deeply grateful for, the blessings of the fresh invigorating breeze that fans the aching brow with gentle healing breath, the cool refreshing showers for which the thirsty earth sends back her thanks in sweet faint perfume, and for the thick black mass of cloud that shuts away the blinding merciless glare, so that the flowers lift [up their drooping heads, and exhausted nature begins once more to revive. On this memorable Christmas eve the burning rays of the noonday sun are shining straight through the open window of an upper room of a house in a populous part of the city, and fall full upon the figure of a young man who is seated at his desk in an atti tude of weary dejectedness that tells of utter ex haustion of mind and body. His arms are folded on the desk in front of him, and his head is bowed down on them. His eyes are closed, but he does not sleep, for his thoughts are busy with the past, so busy that he does not feel the scorching heat upon his head and neck. Strange that he is willing to sit there in that in tense heat when he has but to raise his head and draw the Venetian blind to bring a welcome shade into that sunny room. But no! His waking dreams are far too pleasant for him to wish to run the risk of their vanishing altogether should he rouse himself. He is buried so deeply Jn the past that he is not aware of the discomforts of the present. Instead of the din and roar of the traffic ever parsing to and fro with wearisome monotony, the hoarse cries of the vendors of hokey-pokey and ice cream, the shrieks of locomotives, the eonorous music of the Pest Office chimes telling every now and then of the lapse of time, he heara the gentle whispering- of fcbe wind in the topmost branches of the gum- trees, the rippling of the little etream let near his native home as it flows joyously over the stones and pebbles of its tiny bed and tumbles down in miniature cascades, ever flowing onward to join the rapid river, where in his happy boy hood he had been wont to fling himself down in the cool, deep grass on its banks and gaze into its depths and watch the finny tribe as they dive and wheel and dart about and spring high in the air after the flies that flit about upon the surface of the waves. He hears the deep lowing of the herds of cattle wandering restlessly about the large paddocks belonging to his father's station, the bleating of sheep, the shrill notes of the bright-colourrd. paroquets as they rise from the trees and wheel wildly around, alarmed by the report of some death-dealing gun, the sharp cracking of stockwhips, and the excited shouts of the rou e ibouts hunting up truant cattle, the soft swish of the scythe in the cornfield, and, better than all, .the sweet voices and joyous laughter of the dear companions cf his childhood's home. ?'.? And as the sun travels farther on his westward course and the hot air scatters his papers over the room and lifts the curls upon his temples, bright visions pass before his eyes, visions as real and distinct to him as the ever-changing scene in the street outside his window. It is Christmas Eve 20 years ago. He can see himself as he was then, a merry, mischievous, bright-eyed imp, with long flaxen curls flying in the wind as he helps, or rather hinders, his father and the men to decorate the old kitchen with green branches in honour of the festive season. He sees himself standing on a corner of the table in that same old kitchen with the honeysuckle peep ing in at the windows, as he sings his little songs and speaks his little pieces for the amusement of the station hands, and he feels again the joyous thrill of pride as he hears bis little efforts greeted by hearty peals of laughter, and Bees the amused smiles of approval that beam on the kindly faces, of the rough bearded men as they sit smoking round the table, or, lounge about the door and on the window* sills. ~ And then the gentle face of his angel mother bends over him, as, smiling, she strokes his hair and kisses him, her' beautiful eyes glistening with love and pride as he throws his arms around her neck, and tells her of all the flattering things they have said. And she lifts him up in her strong young arms and \- '' bears him away to bed, and there paves his way to the hind of dreams with bright fairy tales about brave knights and- beautiful princesses, and fierce giants and mischievous brownies. .'' Another vision follows close np on the last. He sees himself a little older how, bareheaded and barefooted, and with his school books elnng in a strap over his shoulder, wadirigkneo deep through the long grass in the meadows, and by his side a merry little laughing- sprite of a girl with wilful violet eyes and long rippling tresses, in which the sunshine loves to hide itself, and which will not keep tidy anyhow. She is his idol and. delight, hers is the only shrine at -which he worships, and as ehe stands by him there, quite stall for once, in her little white frock and her bonnet swinging on her arm; with her little bare feet, and her rounded cheeks flushed and hot with running, and tosses back the dark tresses from her face with unconscious grace, as they watch the cows fording the. river on their way home to be milked, anSV listen to the faint I lankle of their bells, he gazes on her with a kind I which his mother tells him. She is a spoilt young puss, this little playmate of his, and runs away from him with tantalising laughter when he a ks for a kiss, but,' when tired of asking, he sits down quietly to his lesson books, she steals behind him unawares, throws her arms around him, and fills his cup of joy to the full by giving him as many as his young heart could wish. The scene again has changed, and he is now a growinglad of 1 4, and head of the small bush school, as well as being first in all running and swimming contests, and a 'don' at cricket and football. He is beginning to tire of simple station life, and longs to rush into ' the world's broad field of battle,' and fight his way up to fame, for he has all the conceit and egotism of boys of his age, and his vivid imagination paints bright pictures of the glorious future that awaits him there. On this subject he discourses fluently to the quiet little .'maiden by his side — the same little companion as of his childhood — and she listens with big, wondering eyes, half doubting, half admiring, as he unfolds his brilliant plans for making his way in the world and shedding his glory over all mankind. This little maiden is leES wild and frolicsome now ; the wayward tresses are confined in a long plait, and the pretty dimpled feet are encased in boots and stockings, and she has a good deal of work to do which obliges her often to refuse to accompany him on his long rambles through the bush, much to his exasperation. And in all his glorious dreams she is always included as the beautiful princess on whom he will heap his golden favours. How distinctly he remembers one dull, wintry afternoon in August when, after sauntering aimlessly on and on together through the bush towards the setting snn, with their long shadows lengthening behind them at every step, they came to within about half a mile of Allen's Golly, and Estelle's quick eyes spied high up on the steep , bank that rose on one side of the narrow pathway, the soft golden colour of the first wattle of the season ; how she pointed it out to him with a little scream of delight, and how with chivalrous gallantry he flung off his jacket and began climbing the crumbling surface, clutching at tufts of grass and the strong tendrils of hardy creepers to assist him in his progress. He triumphantly swings himself up on to the bank, breaks off the coveted blossoms, and prepares to descend, when he misses his footing, feels himself going, and clutches wildly at the au to save himself, and then all is dark ness. The remembrance of the thrill of terror which he experienced at that awful moment sends every nerve in his body tingling evf n now. And vividly the recollection returns to him of how, with the dawn of returning consciousness, he opens his eyes and finds himself lying full length on the ground with a strange agonising pain in his right ankle, and Estelle bending over him with white face and frightened, anxious eyes,, implor ing him with passionate kisses and every term of endearment the can think of to look up and tpeak to her. And he tells her more roughly than he feels 'not to be a little stupid, that he is all right; it would take more than that to kill him,' and with the help of her arm endeavours to rise, but sinks back sgain half -fainting: with the terrible agony that shoots up his leg. Then, after hur riedly making a pillow cf dry leaves and putting it under his head, and steeping her handkerchief in a stream close by, and binding it round the injured limb, the is off like a shot, and he watches her lithe young form for a long distance showing plainly against the dark background of trees as sho runs in the direction of their home at full speed, shouting out to him every now and again that the will not be long, and he must not stir till she comes back. And there he lies and watches the gold and crimson fade out of the west and counts the stars as they come out one by one above his head. He watches them grow brighter and brighter as the darkness deepen*, and they seem to him like her eyes and his mother's, watching over him and keeping him from harm in that lonely place, and he wearily closes his ejes, filled with a blissful joy as he remembers the passionate kisses he had felt showered upon his brow and lips in his semi conscious state, and he is quietly and contentedly happy despite the fact that he is lying ten miles from home and with a broken ankle, on which every movement inflicts exquisite torture ; in a strange place that he knows to be infested with snakes and venomous insects, and with the dark ness gathering swiftly round him. A deep groan bursts from: the dreamer's lips as he thinks of the pure unalloyed fountain of love that flowed in the innocent heart of the boy at that time, compared with the blackness and foul ness of that heart now where all goodness and happiness and peace are diied up and withered, and. naught remains but the stagnant waters and deadly-weeds of 6in, darkness, and despair ! Oh, Estelle, rightly named. Truly, his guiding star through all his wanderings. How often, in his later life, when the evening shades were fall ing, had he glanced upward and from out the numerous , stars beheld thy gentle eyes full of reproach and pleading, gazing straight info his own, and instantly the evil thought had died within his heart, and blasphemous words were checked upon his lips, end he felt that somewhere in that wild back country thou wert praying for him. Again the scene has changed, and it is Christ mas Eve eight years ago. There stand, the same youth and maiden together still, although, alas, upon the verge of parting, nevermore, to meet upon this earth ! As he stands by the paddock gate, with his horse's bridle thrown care lessly over his arm and his portmanteau on the post by his side, he feels, as though he could stay there for ever with those little warm hands tightly clasped in his, and those sweet, tear dimmed eyes gazing sadly into his own, that are filled with the light of love which never fades. It is a sweet picture on which his eyes so fondly rest, and the memory of it he will carry away with him 'to' the* far off city farbe a solace in his weary hours, and to keep him pure in the time of temp tation, like a fair young rosebud, just unfolding its petals and; bursting into bloom, the bloom of perfect womanhood, she stood before him in her robe of snowy white, the rippling hair trying to escape from its neat bands, the long dewy lashes fringing the violet eyes, and the sweet mouth tremulous with emotion. But, surely, they are both strangely quiet and subdued and altered from the wild young things who f coured with deerlike feet the bush for miles around their home, and sent the opossum scurrying up into the gum tree branches scared by the sound of their wild laughter ! Yes, there have been anxiety and sor row and bitter despair in the old home, and the with the hopeless sgony for which there is no cure, for a few months back the loving father and uncle had been called away suddenly by the mysterious messenger, Death, .to be followed in a few weeks by the dear mother, and now comes this last parting, fraught with bitter pain and sadness, when soul responsive beats to soul in that mute handclasp, and love looks out of hungry eyes and sees itself mirrored in the clear orbs of the beloved one. 'Estelle,' he says, his voice husky and trembling with his deep earnestness, ' before we part I want you to give me one promise. I know I am not worthy cf you, dearest ; it is presump tion in me to wish to bind you in any way, but you don't — you cannot know how one word of hope from you will cheer me on my way, and keep me good and pure, Estelle— keep me good and pure.' ' Dear Arthur,' she says in tones of infinite tenderness, 'my whole heart belongs to you for ever and ever. I love you as I do my life ; I will try to wait patiently till you come back, although it will be lonely here now with all the dear ones gone,' -with a pathetic little tremble in her voice. He loosed her hands and clasped her impulsively to his heart. *' My darling girl ! my little wine, God bless you for those words. You must not be lonely, darling. I will not keep you waiting long. 1 will work hard, love, and should I ever become famous you will know that it is because your dear face is ever before me, guiding me in what is right and urging me on to nobler things. Dear love, I must go now. Good-bye.' And so with one long passionate kiss they part. - He frees her from his arms, springs on his horee, lifts his portmanteau up before him, and gallops hastily away, .afraid to trust himself ^ to look back in case his courage should desert him. And that was eight years ago this Christmas Eve, and he had never eeen her since ! O God ! how hard he struggled in the fierce battle of life those first few months after his arrival in Sydney ! How hard and bitter was the experience of finding false hearts masked by friendly faces, of seeing noble aspirations . nd lofty ambition trodden down and crushed under the iron heel of poverty, cf being forced to smile bitterly at his boyish dreams of a fame which was as unattainable to him as the stars above. ' The world he loved so much had turned to dust and ashes at his touch.' What wonder, then, that after his first mde awakening to the realities of life he should struggle on for a time, and then give up in all the bitterness of despair. Alone in the great ciiy, heartsick, weary, discouraged, all hopes shattered and all ambition gone, beset by temptation on every hand, what -wonder that to drown the bitter sting he should plunge into the mad whirl of folly and vice that was all around him ? His own heart recoiled within him at the thought of the deep blackness of that period of his life. After the first plunge nothing could stop him, and he *' went the pace ' at a frightfully rapid rate, till at last, through his habits of drunken ness he lost the situation as junior clerk in a merchant's office that he had managed to obtain. But even that did not stop him on his downward career, and he did not stop until one morning after a night spent in gambling and debauch in a house of ill repute, he walked out into the cool morning air, when the stars were just fading out of the sky, and, with a start, he awoke in mind and body. He remembered his true love waiting so patiently for him ; he saw her pleading, pity ing, tear-dimmed eyes ; and the remembrance smote heavily home to his heart, and be made a solemn vow then and there to lead a new life thenceforward. And he kept his word. He soon gained another position, and from that time worked steadily onward with untiring energy, never once looking backward, and so became in the course of time in a fair way of getting on in the world. But the way was dreary and long, and the path steep and stony, and this Christmas Eve as he looks along his pist all is dark around him. He sees no ray of b'ght to illumine the dense darkness. He is ready to faint by the wayside. All things bright and beautiful have vanished from his life, all is bitterness and injustice and cruelty and wrong, and he is ready to cry out with the unbeliever, 'There is no God.' He feels himself sinking into unknown fathomless depths and that darkness grows denser and strange unearthly sounds fill the air ; in an agony of tenor he struggles to save himself but cannot ; he cries to God for mercy, but his past sins rise up before him like pale ghosts and mock him, and with a deep groan he is about to resign himself to his fate when a soft effulgence of light suddenly gleams around him, and the darkness shrinks back affrighted. He raises his terror-stricken eyes and beholds a Blight form standing before him clad in a simple white robe with a shining girdle around its waist. He lifts his eyes to the face. O God ! what messenger is this Thou hast sent? la he . dreaming ? Those dark rippling tresses, the broad high forehead, the tweet rounded cheek, the dear trembling lips, the glorious smiling eyes — ab, those eyes 3 — that shine on him now with an in tensity of love and pity in their liquid depths. As he gazes spellbound at that dear face in an agony of fear lest it should prove to be one of many phantoms of the night that have appeared to him of late, created ' by his own imagination and eoon to fade away like them, a smile of wondrous sweetness lights up the pure, delicate face, -snd beams in the wonder ful star-like eyes. '.* Dear Arthur, I have come for you; let ub go home together.' The same dear familiar voice— her voice — but sounding far away like distant music. ' 'Estelle! Estelle, my. beloved.' How the glad cry rings through the silent room. All the pent-up love and longing of years burst forth in that joyous cry. But now she seems to be fading away -with the light'that had come down with' her, and, wild with eagerness to keep her in his sight, and with a feeling that she has saved him frcm a horrible . death, he stretches -forth his hands appealingly. They are instantly clasped firmly in the little soft ones he knows so well. The light becomes stronger and he sees her plainly ; ' he feels himself growing strangely light, and as he gazes, filled with awe, into those luminous eyeB still fixed on his, she whispers, ' Come.' She rises from the ground and he with her, and as they move slowly upward, still with clasped hands, the light grows stronger yet, and ex quisite strains of music fill the air ; and in the far distance he sees angel faces watching him, and recognises among them the faces of his father and his mother. Clasped in each others' arms, they hover .for a moment over the sleeping city, and pause to look down upon the toil- worn, sinstained away on a path of glory to the great mysterious unknown. It was the very zenith of two stars That rose together through the cloudy bars In bright perpetual conjunction met. A day whose memory would nerex cease, A Coronation Day of Love, and Joy, and Peace. ****** They found him next morning while the Christ mas bells were ringing their merry peals. He was still in the same position with his head bowed down on his folded arms, but there was a smile of unspeakable joy on bis face which showed them that bis death had been an easy one. The learned doctors pronounced the cause of death to be sudden failure of the heart's actioD, no doubt accelerated by the intense heat of the previous day, for they knew nothing how should they P — of the messenger that God had sent to bring him Home, or that miles away in the lonely bush, on that same night, with the wind gently murmuring in the branches of the gumtrees above her, and sorrowing friends gathered around her, a fair young girl had breathed her last, with the name of 'Arthur' on her lips and a sweet smile on her face. 