An Insurance Htory. It wae after a litre yeaTe' ooraoy Id a MonmoutbBblre village tbat I was ap pointed to the UvjDg of St. Jade's,. We; moatb. Tbe late vioar bad died, at tbe Bge of elgbty-two, and tbe parishioners bad bqdIc loto ao apatbetlo state. Bat I soon foood tbere were a goodly number In tbe .parish wbo only .needed example aDd gnldanoeto become willing workers, and In a short time I bMftbe satisfaction of seeing oora one of tbe most prosperous chorohes in tbe dlooese. Two of my -moBt devoted helpers were a comparatively yooDg onople ot indepen dent means, named Roster, who had lately come to town. Mrs. Koster was a plump little, energetii woman, wbo never seemed so happy as wben assisting in parlsb works-tier bOBband was equally devoted, bat was of a quieter disposition, and bad tbe air aod tastes of a student. About six, mouths «ft«r my couqeotion with the parish Mr. Koster fell Ibth a delicate state of besltb, and 'bis wife' be came greatly alarmed about bim and asked me to help her. 'Rudolph is very sensitive,' sbe said, 'and will not own tbat be is III, and wben I insist on bim seeing a dootnr hp gets irritated. Will you speak to fa I m, . Mr. Adamson, and tell bim It is his duty, to see a doctor at onoe?' I promised readily, and called later In tbe day wh6n be was at 4inme. Without letting bim euspeot that Mrs. Koster had | spoken tn me, 1 told bim tbat be looked ill, aod t should advise bim to ee? a doctor. He made a wry faoe. 'I do not think It 1s necessary. It Is only laziness tbat nils me. I Insured uy life only two months ago, and I mast have been all rigbttheD.' ' But much may happen in two months,' T said. 'Seriously, Mr. Koster. I think, both fur theeake of your wife and yourself, you ought to see a doctor at cone.' H«eatellent (or a minute or two. ' 1 thank you, Mr. Adamson,' be said at last, ''foriieving shown me my duty. 1 wae afraid adootbr would tbink me a patient full of strange fancies if I called l)im in because I felt lezy. Whom would you reonmmend?' ?'Woodrey; I think he Is not nnly olever, but kind aud sympathetic, and yon could put yourself Into bis bauds unreservedly.' ' Tbankyon,' said Mr. KoBter. ?' I will see him tn-morrow.' Mrs. Koster's faoe lightened when I told her. ' ThBOk you so muab, Mr. Adamson,' sbe said ; ' it bas eased my miod woDderfully.' The nest day I mot' Dr. Woodrey. ' You sent a patient to me thiB mornlog ?'' besnld. 'Yes,' I said. 'What is wrong with him ?' 'The heart is rather peculiar— just a little weak, but nothing alarming. Absenae nf wnrry, fresh air, and good living will soon put bim rlgbt.' I saw Mr. Knster a little later. He seemed inclined to be rather despondent because tbe doctor had fnrbiddeo him to study for some time. ' It is hard to be debarred. (r.--m, tbejje friends.' ,be aald, irjtti a'emlle, 'pointing to bis bonksbelVf^. Mn. Koeter, oa tbeoonlrary,.;WBs plejasid, depiariag that ishe som'tlmes felt tenauted to'make a bonfire pf her hpsbapd'^ Jlb ra'jy, when Bbe saw hiln' rulriltlfj ''ftls bealih by Bbutting'talmself In bis'stoily for': honre at a time. Her hatibapd laughed, and said afleotlon for books, was a Hove passlDg lhe love of womea tp Ipe student. ; About five o'clock doe mqrnlug p Weeb or two Jater ihy . servant awjftE«f-iOe. ' Please, eir, Dr. Woodrey Is lielbw', and he Bays can be see you very particular?' I Blipped on a dressing- gpwn and joined bim In my study. Woodrey was very grave, and I saw at I a gianoe eometbing was wrong. ' What is it?' I asked. ' I . want yon lo . com; and see Mrs. Koster. Hbe Is a Widow, Adamson'.' ' Impossible I' I exclaimed. Woodrey shook bis bead. 'I bave just left the bouse,' he said. 'I waB sum moned about an hour ago. I had only just returned from visitlDg Litdy Mackenay, and I at onoe went with tbe girl. As we went along sbe told me ber story. 'Master's took like deatb Itself sir. I beard missus scream, and Ijusoped up thin king burglars bad broken io. Tbeo missus screamed again, 'Ob, Budolpb,' and I ran downstairs and saw missds standing over master, wbo looked like deatb. Aod then I came running for yoa. sir.' We baBteued to the bouse, but I was too late. I should say be bad neen dead quite ten minutes wben I got tbere. As I coold do nothing, I came for you.' 'Thank ynu. Woodrey. I'll go at ouoe. This is a terrible blow for tbe poor woman.' 'And to tell youthetrutb, Adams6u, I wan not prepared for II.'' ' What Is tbe cau--e of deatb ?'' ' Heart disease— though I did not tbink tbe otber day tbat it was likely to prove fatal. We must spare Mrs. Koster the worry of an inquest.' 'Yes,' I said ; ' do not add tbat to ber troubles without grave cause, J- ? I went at onoe to see Mrs. Koster,. and found ber lying namb and helpless, a picture of desolation and despair, apd no thing I could say seemed to comfort her. I went again latter in tbe day, and was pleased to And tbat ebe was able to talk over matters witb. me. Sbe bad uo relations in England. Her motberand sister.lived In Germany. Her husband bad always expressed a wish to be baried ia Stuttgart, bis native towo, and sbe meant to carry oot bis wJebes. At ber request I wrote to tbe Insurance offloe for ber. gitlng tbem all neceesary particulars, and tbe following day an official named Wetland catne down. He was bard of feature and harsh of voloe, and I was not prepossessed io bis favor. But b-B look and manner belied him— no one coald be kinder and more sympathe tic. He obtained all tbe information be wanted, and finding everything normal and straightforward, be promised to use his influence to get tbe cheque sent with out delay, and the next day .be tele graphed to me privately tbat tbeabeque would be sent from tbe affloe that nigbt. I parted from Mrs. KoBter witb great regret. I wished -to accompany ber as far ae Southampton, but was dnaole to do so. I thought bb.I bade ber .fareweM at tbe istatinn, and BaW ber eorrow-fltNoVeri faoe, bow little fit sbe wae to bear tbe long journey .alone witb ber dead hue hand. A few days later she wrote from Stutt gart to tell me ebe bad arrived safely aod thanking me for my kindness. Two letters passed, I tbink, -between us after tbat, and then I heard oo more of her, and tbree years later I left Weymouth for the living of St. Chad's, in one of the poorer quarters of Manchester. Ooe November day some months after my arrival in Manchester I was passing dpifa Oldham Street, Fbettlbud a great sbock. There wn a thlck yellow fog, and looold see only sae'a yard or' so aroand 0)e. j £nddealy a man pas*ed, aad In tbe gloom l bad but a moment'e gllmpse of bim. - 1 stopped dead, completely un nerved. For tbe long facajtiJe blue eyes, I and stooping shoulders were those of my dead parishioner, Mr. Koater I , Wben I recovered myself a little I burrled after 'bim to make sure my senses bad not de ceived me, bat bs waB gone. I went bome completely bewildered, and all' tbat night and tbe next day. I was so fallvot in iqaletade end alarm tbat I felt I mast do ?ometblag to Mt my mind at rest. After some oogltation I resolved to visit my clerical brethren in tbe oity, Mfeltig witb me photos, of Mr. and Mrs. Koster—, which, fottunateiyj' I had ib my albtttn^ to inquire IftheybadsuQh acou^le amoag tbeir parishioners. For four days all Inquiries were fruitless, bat on tbe fifth, my eSorts were rewarded. I called upoo the vicar of St. Mary's parlsb, the Bev. James Lasher, whom I bad met several times. ' I bave called to see,' I said, 'if you recognise this as the pboto. of one of your parishioners,' banding bim KoBter's photo. ' Certainly I do. Why, It's Mr. Mel lory. What ? ?' 'And this?' producing Mrs. Koster's photo. ' YeB. of course, this is Mtb Mellory. (Jnod likenesses, too. Why dbyoa ask ?' 'There Is a deep mystery,' I said 'Will you tell me wbat yuu kuow.of them?' ' l cannot ten yon very muco. ueiiory came to town last autumn wltb hfs wife, aod settled in tbe parish. Tbey are of independent means, and Mellory ie rather delicate. He Is certainly a Well-informed mao, and devotee his time to foreign literature. They attended cburob and I visited tbem, and as tbey were anxioup to help In the oburcb I mideuae of tbem, and I must say tbat more sincere and devoted helpers I bave never' had.' ' They are devoted to each otber?' I .asked. ?' Yes, a happy marriage if ever there wae one.' ' Aod has Mr. Mellory Insured bis life?' , 'Yes,' Bald Mr. Lasher, rBtber sur prised at my question, ' be insured only a fortnight ago. He was averse to tbe step, but Mrs. Mellory got me to use my influence witb bim, and after some demur be yielded.'.' ' Exaotiy so,' I said. ' But how do you know all tbis?1.' asked Lasher, ' Has be heeu to you about It? ' 'I will not answer for a moment,' I said; 'but I will prophesy. In a few weeks' time, when you are visiting tbem, Mrs. Mellory will tell you that ber bus band is unwell and sbe is worried because be refuses to see a dootor, and she will ask you to reason with bim. Of course you will do so, ana after some demur Mellory will oousent. Perhaps yoa will reoommend a doctor, being interested in your devoted workers. You may even mention Mellorv's oase .to him.. .After tbe dcctor has attended bim for'a wee'Uot two you will be sent for : Mr. Mellory has died suddenly in the night and the wtd^w l» prostrated, As Mr. Mellory's friends live in Germany the widow will take the oorpse tbere, and you will part from her witb regret.' Lasher stared at me bewildered. ' Wbat Is tbe meaning of it all, pray ?' be said, sharply. ' I don't understand it at ail.' ' It means,' I said, ' tbat your parish ioner is a ghost : unless — but tbere cannot beany doubt that Mellory 1s t b & man I knew as Koster at Weymouth, t have seen your parlebloner dead aud in bis aoflSn, and bere he Is to come to life again.' It was two mouths after my first, visit to Lasher that I beard I bat Mellory was ill. The same procedure bad been gone throned as with me. LtBher. bad used bit persuasive powers on tbe patient aDd bad recommended Dr. Symoos. Dr. Symons attended him three weeks, and then Mellory died again. Lasher sent a note begging me to call upon bim at once. 'He's dead tbis murntn?.' he said, wben I bad Juined bim. ' Dead ! Not eimulated death, for I saw bim.' I smiled. ' So did I.' I said. That-evening we went to the doctor, and togetber told bim wbat we knew, Heemllel. ' I think, gsotlemen, yoa are Under a delimlon. I saw tbe oorpse thia morning aDd there is un doubt whatever.' ' Pray bear me,' I said. ' I made tbe same mistake ; a brother practitioner of yours granted a deatb certificate, and bere is tbe man dead again. If I may suggest, doctor, I should say go to tbe widow and tell ber that you maet make a poBt-mortem examination. And wait for developments.' ' Well, I will test the widow so far. but It eeeems very cruel. But you must j come- witb me. -Mr. Lasher.' ? ' Very well,' said my friend. ' You await us here.' said tne. doctor to me. ' ' ' ' ' ' ? In an bout tbey returned wJtb grave and troubled faces. ?' There bas bBen/a violent scene,' said Lasher, 'and ebe absolutely refused to aliow anything of tbe kind. What are we to do?' ' You can withhold your certificate,' I said to tbe doctor, -' and then an inquest will be neoessary.' Tbe doctor demurred, aod we argu«d tbe matter for some tiuie. At last tbey asked me to accompany ttiem to tbe bouse to see If my pieseuoe would preol pltaie matters. 'I consent oo one condition,' I said, ' whiob is, Lbat we take a police-inspector witb us.' After a little hesitation tbey agreed, and We set off. Tbe servant left as in tbe bail wbile ebe went to inform ber miBtcess. ' Sbe will eee you In tl^e draw ing-room— tbis way, pleafce'' Yes, It wa9.Mrs. Koster, [ saw tbat at a gianoe. I was Id ibe background, -apd sbe did not see we at flrpt, Sbe came forward with a grlef-BtrlckeD faoe — I bave never seen a morf.consumtpafp aptreas In my life — and sald'tb Mr. LaBher, ' I arnso glad you have returned; I want your help so badly.' ' I have brought a friend witb me,' said Lasher, and at tbat I Stepped for ward. ' Good evening, Mrs. Koster,' I said. ' Sbe recognised me on the Instant. Bat even on that sudden assault sbe bad com mand ot berself. Sbe suppressed aabriek aDd, wblte as tbe cprpBe upstairs, said, ' I do Dot know you, eiK Tbere is some mis take ' 'Ob, yes, you do, Mrs. Koster, alias Mellory.' I said.- J*fi ^elated mouth, you know. Ybnr'lraud la at' oo end, . ,The potlee vBftKiateide.' 'She' was down in at] instant, beseech, log and imploring and promising. But I was ademant-'and balled in tbe inspector, aod in a few words made bim acquainted witb tbe ohBrge. The juiask was torn off now witii a vengeance. She oa reed mb and air of us with the wildest and vilest blasphemies, and fought like a tigress when tbe' ici Bpector tried to take ber. -' ? Koster was carried, to tlje hoppl(ai, and I believe- every doctor io Christendom would bays said he. was a corpse. He lay between four arid five day's in'tbat condi tion, and then awoke, weak but appar ently well. It wduldMiuVain to picture bis astoulshment and dismay wben be found himself on a hospital bed and a policeman1 nefcr.: - v T. , Tbey were'tried at tbe iieixtiagBlzss, aod evidence was adduced to prove tbat be fore I became acquainted witb tbem tbey bad lived lo Aberdeen and similarly defrauded a Soolch bfflbe bf'£I,500. ' Tbey were sentenced, tbe man to fifteen, tbe woman to ten years' penal eervltade. ThaU? nearly fourteen (rears ago, aod I bave not beard anything of my interesting garisbionere since. 