L I T E E A ' i U R E What, if anything, can a rational creature who has studied, and understood the work of any poet, igreat or rin.-i'l, from. Homor down lo M'fcrr.1", (ro-r. Lucretius down to Martial, from Dante down to M ^astasin, from Villon down to Vylfci.in;', iron Shaiira;:c>;rc down to Byron, find to ai j.^ii.', t.) uppvovcor to condone in the work of Wa'trr V/hitman ? To this very rearorahle and invevi.ab e question the answer is not far to seek. I have my-elf repeatedly pointed out—it may be (I have often been told so) with too unqualified sympathy and too uncritical enthasia'm—the quilines which give a certain touch of greatness to his work, the sources of inspiration which infuse it.t.-i its chaotic jargon some passing or seeming n-ite of cosmic beauty, and diversity with Mir-olhin^ of occasional harmony, the stride 11V. inal "Darren uiscord. of its jarring and erring al.'.ins. His sympathies are usaady generous, his views of life are ocear-ioualiy just, ana his ,views of death are invariably noble. In other words he generally means well, having a good -wck on hand of honest emotion : he some times sees well, haviug a natural sensibility to such aspects of nature as appeal to an eye rather quick than penetrating ; he seldom writes well, being cabined, cribbed, confiued, bound in to the limits of a thoroughly un natural, imitative, histrionic, and affected style. Gilbertian humour cannot be affiliated to other forms of humour. Its primary charac terisric is, however, conspicuous enough. It proceeds upon an intellectual basis. It appeals to the logical sense. It applies ratiocination, the processes of pure intellect, to regions governed in actual life by instinctive habit, the will, blind forces of nature. The usual outcome of this is what is commonly known as Mr. Gilbert's ' topBy-turveydom.' That France loves her children is shown by the fact that never in art or literature has she made them vulgar. Neither in birth not in infancy have theii nurselings been made common with the dulness of habitual life, flic children of France had neither Sterne nor Dickens on the watch for the hmuoui of the natal hour. And the little girl has never in France worn the tediousness of the house, the street, aud the suburbs as she has worn it in England. Nor has she, on the other hand, borne the burden of the cheapest of all ornament, as a ready-made subject of bad pictures. There is plenty of mediocrity in France, as elsewhere. But it has never absorbed French children. As a science, Geography points with her magic wand not only to the terrestrial but to the celestial globe. She teaches us to read the secret of things above and things below, of the movements of tlie stars no iecs than the d irk genesis of some deep ocean current, of cradle, of the winds, of the birth of the clouds of the failing of grateful showers, of the roaring of the mighty trade winds, of the thunderous fnrv of the devastating hurricane; she tells us why the stagnant pools are foul, why the breath of sweet-lipped morn is fragrant, why the morning mists are formed', why tlie skies are clear; she lectures to us on tlie economy of the ocean, the equipoise of the elements, the ever-surging mutations from pole to pole. A man or woman who lives frugally, who takes the simple food lie was made to subsist on aud no ni in-, who drinks the one natural fluid, water, who lives, in regard to eating aud drinking, the natural life, is fitted primarily for the best lifo, the strongest, the most active, the most enduring. Presuming he is boru of good aud wholesome constitution, he is then, except for accidental destructive agencies in a fair way to live five times his maturity, that is five times twenty one years, the natural term of his anatomical life—one hundred and five years—a term few reach, but which is attainable as a matter of natural law and the majority would attain. it if they lived on proper food and drink.. Our forefathers pressed their views, whatever they might be, at the point of the pike and by the persuasive force of the good yardshaft. They knew what they believed, and they intended t.har, the others sh.nild know it too. Weil for those who were content to follow as they were led, and who fort- bore to question the absolute wisdom of iheir masters! With 11s on the contrary, everything ij-.pisred through the fire of doubt and criticism ; and who would noburn or be burned for a dogma: . The ncirit of agnosticism has displaced asrerti'.m and opened the door to possibility ; and the ' May be' on the one side balances ihe ' Is it sof' on the other. This gives a wi-.'ter outlook over ali the tracts of huau'.c liwut-h ; but it is less comforting to the souls which need certainty for their support. - Mrs Lj uii Linton. Coutemporary politics have become a enrt. of organised system cf ' Kootoo * to the working classes. It is as particular friends and humble .servants that stste.'iueri and polici • c=aa» of all shades and colffrs are now in the habit 0i founding tlieir chief and most u'vent claims to .."lie confidence and approval of the public- N-j sebenit which pretends to advance the welfare of the working elasscs, material, intcl'cciua!, or moral, ; s too txiraviigsut or too absurd for respectfai ar.-5 syi:i/;a1:!(.-tic ;:!U'!:;H>r.. ll. appears to »ak.:a for grained, that they arc to iw ic^avded an an eve.'-vti'.":.nx an.; privii.-^-iiv or-icr in the Stale, who are to be expscie.l 10 do nothing for themselves. Maimal hiN.jur, it seems to bo a.SMum.d, is the -whole .inly o! man ; when it i-s accomplished, it em.in<:.i;j6 : .- , » the performers from all the ordinary obliga- tions and responsibilities which the rest of 1 the community are compelled to fulfil and endure.—World. Despite the generally assumed connection between ghost", pork-pies, and the works of such writers a< Sheridan Le Fanu, diet does not determine the iorm of a dream; otherwise, those of us who are often visited by the visions of the dark would sup, now on a salad of roso leaves, now on a well hung grouse, and agnin on foods of grosser fibre. Another man will fancy he has solved the riddle when he says that dreams are pict.uri-s woven on the tapestry of the night by an uncontrolled imagination. This goes a step further than the undigested blot -of must ard theory. But how comes it that the imagination has escaped control 7 How should it play antics of which its wide awake sobriety is incapable, and call your other faculties— the will, the memory—to join its soundless revelry ? Another man seta down all dreams as supernatural, and holds that they, like ourselves, are— no other than a moving row Of magic shadow-shapes, that come and go Round with sun illuminated lantern held In midnight by the Master of the Show. That, again, explains without elucidating. In the preseut state of our knowledge we must always hold the door ajar for the supernatural. The youngster who passes half his time in loUintr at the bow-window of his club is no longer content to decide small questions : to award the guerdon of lieauty, to give his opinion on the running at the Leger, to pronounce upon what will be the next sensation of the bur-iesqua stage. Ho may* still have the eye of a connoisseur in female charms ; may decree (lie fashion of a tic, the 6hape of a coat, the buttoning or unbuttoning of a glove. But ho soars far higher; his mind socks greater conquests. He aspires to t.-ickle literature, science, and the arts; lie will rule the positions of authors, seek to make r.j- mar reputation", even of the great thinkers and leaders of the world. Although incapable of keen observation he pretends to be a master of niceties; unable to reason soundly or logically, having as yet made no pretence to performance, before he can say ' Feci' he takes ' Dixi' as his motto in life, and is as unhesitating in his fiats as an irresponsible king. His judgments are as unyielding as they are inept; they are as sweeping as the newest of brooms, as sovere as they are geuerally unjust. In my earliest days in London they produced on the stage Tennyson's ' Promise of May.' X was preseut at. that frightful fiusco» The pl iy was not a gold one, but its failure that night was not so much due to its artistic defects as to its daring treatment of morals. It presented the conventional seducer of innocence not as a ruffian who ought to be kicked, but as a thinker who had even something to say lor Lia.self. This was grotesque to the English public, and they howled and howled. I alone, or almost alone, with my friend Theodore Watts, cheered and cheered. It wasn't that wo cared a ha'p'orth for the scoundrel on the stage, but that we claimed the right of the drama to deal with moral questions. That night in my lodgings' I wrote to Tennyson. I meant him to get my letter with the newspapers next morning: ' The stage,' he answered, ' must be in a very low state indeed, if, as some dramatic critics are telling us, none of the great moral and social questions of ths time can be touched upou in a modern play.' Tliat was only twelve years ago, and what have those twelve years witnessed ?—Hall Caine. ? ? 