SPORTING. ''Tk-OoiJE's Ghost.' Waterfall is the second three-year-old that h\B snsceeded in pulling nff the Coalfield Cup, it having been won in 18S2 by Little Jaok, by ' CmgCole, who carried 6.11, the mile and a half journey on that occision took 2min 41 1 sees to get ovor, whereas the son of- Niagara— Lttie Wanzer carried 7.3 (including a Bib paoa'ty) and scampered over the 1Z furlongs in the fast time of 2min 3G13B0S, being only a quarter of a seennd behind the record. Waterfall, Wallace, Auraria. Hopscotch, Hova, Trenchant, Quiner, Delaware, and Monastery are the horses that wi'l play the imp Ttant part in the Melbourne Cup, on Guy Faulk's D^y. I have always entertained the idea that Wallace wnuld win the Derby and Cup, and I am still of the same opinion, although he has now anot-to-be- despised rival in Waterfall.. List week sporting scribes alluded to the bad luck Mr Oxenham hni experienced lately, but I trow th ore is not one to be found who holds that opinion now. The Officer will carry a 101b penalty in tbe ' Maribyrnong Plate. FortseaV name does not appear in the general entries for tbe V.R.O. Sorine Meet , The three local books had a skinner on the'r two cups double, not one of their numerous clients, getting a le; in. Boh Thomas bad. a skinner on his straight out book oh the Caul field Cup. Poor punters I The Hay Jockey Club have drafted a two days' meeting for New Year,' the largest stake bang £25. .? : It is proposed to hold a sports demonstxa-. tion in aid of the looal hospital, on January 20; Th- programme of tho Narandera Polo Sports appears e sewhere. C. Parker will, it is rumored, ride Auraria intheVR. C.Derby. A cable reports Paris to be himself again, and a osrtatn st irter in the Cxrobridpeahire. ; ?? Thus tha ' Australian,' 'Carbine in his first season at the stud only had three males, and the results were Wallace, Cartridge, and ., Cronl.' ? . , Mr Oxenham has certainly n very ma*-, -' wager aotmt wicertaii in cne-v.jn..-j. tnrDy. .. Mr Baxter having laid him £50C) to £1030* ' that;Auraria beats the eolt inthe.Derby, one to win. ' ' - .??--??? Mr J. 0. Bowdsn has further partiaalarig'ed his chntje a ;B,inst Mr Ande son this week,' ' . The settling of the Cau'field ' meeting . ? passed off quietly, th-j largest amounts going into Bookmakers' pockets. 