SHORT STORY. THE BLACK HORSE INN. BY L. A. SAVORY. I was just sixteen when I went to live with Mrs. Stedman. my father's distant cousin, who kept the Black Ilorse Inn on the Sondisfiftld turnpike. I was the eldest of six children, and with bo many little mouths to fill it is no wonder that when Mr. Stedman wrote that she -wanted a well brought up girl as an assistant, not as a servant, my parents gladly consented to let me go, particularly as she was a renowned housekeeper, and had the reputation of making the best pickles, preservers and Iiome-made wine, of anybody in all the country round about. My duties were to assist in the sewing, keeping the accounts of the inn, and any other light labor which was required. My father accompanied me to B and saw me settled in the mail coach, which passed through Sondisfield twice a seek. It was before the days cf railroad sjjpd it was quite dark when we drew up to t" Black Horse," where the passengers wj spend the night. The house was large, and si^^Kl on the high road where the Sondist^^Karnpike crossed the road from Newt^Htur Warchester. It had every convenienc^^W yard and stable, a good garden, a fine orchard,and a large farm attached. It stood on high ground, and commanded a view for many a mile over the country. The B mail-coach stopped over night there twice a week, beside, the daily coach from Newtown to Warchester changed horses there, and all the farmers on their way to market, peddlers and travellers, either on horseback or in carriages, always stopped at the " Black Horse," for rest and refreshment. Mrs. Stedman was a tall, angular woman of about sixty; her hair, which was white as snow, she wore puffed high on her head, uncovered by the cap which in those days was universal. She had bright black eyes and a high color. I have heard she was a confirmed opium eater. I think she bad the most severe countenance I ever saw, and one was careful of one's conduct before her. There was no gossip between the men and the maids at the "Black Ilorse," and woe betide the luckless kitchen girl or stable boy who dared to laugh in her •Dresence. I naa heaTd Tier story before 1 came there, flhe was early feft a widow, with a beautiful daughter, whom she idolised; but the iK>n and heir of a rich man from a distant city, who came to fish in the waters of the mill-dam, had induced her to elope with him ; it was not supposed thai he had married her. Her mother was a woman of high spirit, strict and proud. She never forgave the man or her daughter; it wan said she had returned their letters unopened. At all events. no one ever spoke of Clara Stedman, and it had been more than fifteen years since the day when she fled with her young lover. Mrs. Stedman was very kind to me; but if I had been of a lively turn, as many girls of sixteen are, I'm afraid I should have found it pretty dull in the old house, after the cheerless November days came on ; but I applied myself to learning how to make the various viands for which the house was famous, and at other times I hemmed towels and table linen; beside there was always the books to keep, which had to be attended to every night. Airs. Stedman's room was a large one upstairs, in an L of the house ; there was a ilight of stairs leading from it down to a large closet, between the kitchen and diningroom. This closet was a sort of butler's pantry; in it were kept the best china and glassware, cutlery and table linen, and on the top shelves many of the preservers and jellies. A trap door led to the cellar below, where the wines and other commodities were. 1 I often sat at the old secretary in Mia. Stedman's chamber casting up accounts or writing off recipes. It was a curious old desk, filled with innumerable drawers and pigeon holes. She often opened t£ie drawers and showed me their contents; rare spices and drugs and essences; costly at the time of my story, and not common yet. Mixtures for taking out stains, powders for destroying moths, and a famous poison for killing rats, which she said was never known to fail. This was a white powder, securely sealed in a glass bottle. I suppose now it was arsenic, but I did not know it then. I mast have been in great favor with her or she would never have shown me all these treasures, but I think it was because I exerted myself to learn housekeeping, was quiet and sober, and had no looks of levity. It was about the middle of November. The country fairs and festivals were over for the season, and travellers who had so often stopped at the " Black Horse " during the summer were few and far between now that the days were growing short and chilly. The stage coaches and an occasional horseman alone relieved the monotony. Mrs. Stedman had her apples and vegetables gathered, her corn harvested and husked, her cattle and swine killed and salted. We had fairly settled down for the Winters' qniet, when one cloudy, cold day, which Eeemed to portend snow, aB I was sitting close to the dining-room window doing some sewing, and Mrs. Stedman was in her own room, putting away the linen from the weekly wash, the sound of horse's hoofs made me look out npon the road, and there I saw a gentleman mounted on a powerful gray horse, riding straight up to the stable door. As he dismounted, I saw he was rather a handsome man, of about thirty-eight or forty. He had a good-natured look, like one who takes the world easy, and at the same time there was a good deal of determination about his wellshaped month. He walked in as if the place were familiar to him, and asked if Mrs. Stedman were at home and if he could have dinner. Before I could answer either question, she came down stairs and received the gentleman with more ceremony and respect than I bad ever seen her bestow upon any one. Judging from her manner, he was an entire stranger to her, I thought he glanced sharply at her, at first, and then seemed satisfied; for he entered the parlor, which she opened for him, ani in a careless way flung himself down in an easy chair before the fire, to await dinner. Mrs. Stedman seemed greatly excited. She told me to lay the table with the ,best linen, silver and china, and went herself into the kitchen to superintend Patty while she cooked the meal, a thing she seldom did for anybody. She sent me into the cellar for a bottle of the be t wine it contained, and told me to pour it into the nicest cut-glass decanter. I had an idea that she had discovered the gentleman to be some great person age—the governor, perhaps, travelling in disguise, and for that reason "treated him with such respect. "When the table was all laid, and the dinner ready to be set upon it, Mrs. Stedman told me to go again into the cellar for a certain famous pickle she kept there. I did as I was told, and she went up to her room. As I have said before, there was a trapdoor leading to the cellar, in the closet where the stairs leading to her room were. It was not directly under them, and I suppose I was not gone so long as she expected, for, as I came up with the pickle jar I saw her swiftly descend the stairs with the sealed bottle containing the white powder in her hands ; and going to the table shook a little of it into the wineglass, and pouring some wine out of the decanter she filled the glass and called out to me—still in the cellar as she supposed, to open the parlor door, and say to the gentleman that dinner was served. Then she quickly went up to her room again. I was so horrified at what I had seen that, for a moment, I could notjmove ; then—and I shall never know what impelled me. something I could not help—I rushed to the table, seized the wine glass, and pitched it and its contents out of the window. As I did so I heard a slight noise near the parlor door, and there stood the gentlemau observing me. " And so that's her game, is it ?" he said, .half to himself. Jic stood silently for a moment, then he turned to me and said : " I saw the whole of it, my trirl ; go and ask Mrs. Stedman to come here," I did as she bade mc, and presently she came. Her face was deadly pale, and her black eyes had an unearthly brightness. The gentleman drew a step or two nearer, and said: "You recognise me, 1 see, Mrs. Stedman." " Don't I ?" she answered, in a low voice. The gentleman laughed. " If I had partaken of your hospitality, my wife might have been a widow at the hands of her own mother." At these words I saw airs, Stedman change color. " Wife ?" she faltered. " Yes, my honored wife, and the mother of my children — your daughter Clara. Of course I married her; I had no intention of doing otherwise. It was done privately, to keep it from my father. If you had not been too cursedly proud to open her letters, you would have know it long a«*o. By Gcorse! you're not going to faint!" for Mis. Stedman sank down on the floor without a word. I screamed, and the cook and the kitchen maid came running in, and between us wo raised her and placed her on the sofa; but presently she started up and went to her own room, and we heard her lock the door. " Missus has seen a ghost,' the kitchen maid said. The cook hinted darkly at "spasms," but Mr. Livingstone and I looked at each other without a word. "Well, I suppose I can have my dinner now," he said, at last. And I must say he ate it with a better appetite than I should have supposed possible under the circumstances. He even drank some of the wine, and praised its fine flavor. Toward sunset he rode away, leavng a note for Mrs. Stedman. We went ab.<ut our business, for work never slacked in that house, and the evening coach was expected. It came with the usual bustle of changing horses and getting supper for the passengers ; but Mrs. Stedman did not appear, nor did we hear from her until nearly noon the next day, when her bell rang, and the maid said Mrs. Stedman wanted me. I went up to her room, and such a change I had not expected to see. Her face was as white as her hair, and her hand shook visibly. She extended toward me a long knitted purse which was filled with gold. " Alice," she said, " you are a good girl; take this, and to-night when the B coach staTts, go home to your parents. I will take care that no blame is attached to yon." "I don't want money, Mrs. Stedman, but I will go home if you will let me, and tell no one but my father and mother," 1 said. She held out the purse and pointed to the door, and I left the room and hastily packed my trunk ; and when the coach was ready, got in and started for home. My parents were rery much surprised when it set me down at the door, and they were still more astonished when I told my •tory. Mrs. Stedman continued to keep the "Black Horse Inn" ten years longer, when one morning she was found dead in her bed. She never visited her daughter, but I have heard that Clara and her cliildren passed a few weeks with her every summer. Mr. Livingston she never saw again. When her will was read it was found that she had divided her property in equal shares between her eldest grandson Stedman Livingston, and myself xne largest suspension onage in the world is the one between New York city and Brooklyn ; the length of the main *pan is 1595 feet six inches ; the entire length of the bridge is 5980 feet. A medical journal says : «' The application of a bit of ice to the lobe of tbe car wiil stop hiccoughing." All a man who is accustomed to hiccoughing has to do, then, is to carry a bit of ice about in his waistcoat pocket, and he can cure himself instantly. The famous boating batteries with which Gibralter was attacked in 1782 were the scheme of I)' Arcon, a French engineer. There were 10 of tnera, and they resisted the heaviest shells and 32-pound shot, but ultimately yielded to red- hot shot. Here is a good word for tbe women. An English statistician has discovered that married men live longer and live better Jives than bachelors. Among every 1000 bachelors there are 38 criminals ; among married men the ratio is only 18 per 1000. When George I. ascended to the'ihrone, the ancestor of the Duke of Sutherland, was only a poor Scottish lord, the ancestor of the Marquis of Abergavenny, was a baron, and tlje ancester of the Duke of Westminster 'was a Cheshire baronet. An example of deterioration in values is shown in tbe sale of the Great Eastern for less than £25,000. The original cost of .the vessel was three quarters of a million, but she was a gigantic failure from the start. The building of this ship, however, was of value in demonstrating ,that there was a limit in steamships in the direction of .size. She has been of use also in the laying of the Atlantic cables. While those who invested their money in building this ship lost heavily in the venture, they can console tbemsetves with the fact that their loss was not altogether in vain. The last report is. that Barnum is trying to negotiate foir its purchase, with a view of converting it ijato a mammoth floating show. 