Robber Bears at. Mateo. San By Nathan D. Umer. In the carIv davs of the Colorado gold lever it would have been dilliealt to make the inhabitants of the lifih: Mexican village of Ihiebla (now I'uebla City) believe that Captain Yaseo, the famous bandit, chieftain of the San Mateo range, was not. intelligently and effectually assisted in his successful defiance of efforts to capture him, by all the be ars, black, brown, cinnamon and grizzly, of the wild, wooded region and rock-piled heights contiguous to his mountain fastness. Indeed, sharers in this seemingly absurd belief were not wanting among the soldiers and scouts at the neighboring fort ; and there was, after all, some foundation in fact for the superstition. The bears had been seen mingling freely with the desperadoes in the thick of the fight, during the last stand against tho troopers, and contributing immensely to the victory. On nil-fours or erect, armed with enormous knotted branches torn from trees, or with only their claws pawing amid tho deep snows of the higher precipices, and sending down avalanches upon the heads ot the luckless assailants, their savago and phenomenal nppearanee had struck supernatural terror to the would-be bandit exterminators, and caused the attack to be relinquished in panic and dismay. i At least, such was the burden of the reports, and there was enough foundation in tin se to afFord room for an v number of exaggerations, which the robbers were willing enough to turn to their account. Hut it was reserved for maiden purity and innocence to probe the dread mystery to the core. These qualities were combined in the per- son of Isa, or Isadora, Mahlana, an ignorant but 7sry beautiful young blanket- weaver of Puebla, where the scrap's, or Mexican blankets, produced by her old aunt Manuela and herself were unrivalled for their durability, the brilliancy of their parti-colored stripes, or their ducks'-back capacity of shedding water. As a matter of course, Isa had admirers in plenty, for she was as amiable as she was charming ; but her favored admirer was Jim .Scanned 1, a brave yonng hunter-scout in the military employment. One blight winter morning, as Isa was on her way over the mountain trail on her fieefc snow- shoes, and warmly muffled against the driving winds, she encountered "her lover making his way to the fort, and carrying on his broad shoulders the carcase of a^fat, black tailed doe, which he. had that morning shot at the salt-licks of the JJlue Water Canyon. '•Which way, Isa?" he asked, his eves dancing at the s : ght of her as he threw down his burden for a lovc-ehat that was alwavs m order with him. " Not over Lentf Trail, 6 surely?" " Yes, Santiago," responded her delicious voice —she mostly Spanishised his eiven name thus—" to my uncle's at .San Felipe. We are out of red and grey wools, and they must be had or our loom will be idle." " To San Felipe !" cried the scout. «• You must not po, Isa—at lenst, not until I can go with you." " I have no choice, Santigo." And a melting look in her deep eyes told how gladly she would have had his escort. " But. it is madness. The trail skirts the worst, fast ricHS of Vasco and his band, and there'.-) a chance of a light to- dav. A squad v-t out to reconnoitre before davbrrak, with half a regiment of Mexican volunteers to unck them. Besides, you might-meet some of Vasco's bears." And be ended with a short laugh, though earnest enough in his protest. Isa gave a little shudder, but she was not wholly fea:ful, " I must go. Santiago, Yaseo or no Yascc," said she, smiiine. " And as for the bears, vou forget that Captain Jos-: was my poor father's fiiend, which would stand'me in good stead." Scanneil's face grew troubled. He did not forget that Isa's "poor father" had been a r<>bb?r-cap(ain, into whose shoes Jose Vasco bad stepped «t the time of the former's violent death. Neither did he forget-still more maddening reflection !—that is had been cut and dried bftween the former bravo r.nd his lieutenant that Isadora was one day to be the latter's wife. " D.m't cross the Long Trail to-day," he persisted. "There is always danger when Vasco is abroad. I am on duty at the fort : to-day, nn 1 to-morrow we make an attack on the outlaws. But after that I can ac- I company you to San Felipe." . ; " I am not afraid. Besides, I have no j choice. We have seven blankets promised, ' our looms are idle for lack of the scarlet ' wools, and an old Manuela would be frantic were I to return without them. Good-bye, i Santiago I" j She turned up the mountain, and he saw j she was not to be dissuaded. j " Whit is the matter, dearest ? Is that 1 the way we separate ?" As she paused in pretended surprise, he sprang after her for the good-bre kiss. Hardly had she strugsled, laughing and blushing, out of his arms, before a dark face — a handsome face, too, but just fhen distorted with jealous hatred — peered out, from an overhanging rock, and was gone in a flash. And then the young girl was springing away up the trail, kissing her hand merrily to her lover until he disappeared. The way to San Felipe was a good nine milt-3 ever the mountains, and much of it through many of the wildest haunts of the robber-band. But the snow was well crusted, the deeper drifts could be avoided, and Isa who was well used to snow-shoe travelling' flitted, glided. or bounded swiftly along the route, with which she had been more or less familiar from her childhood, and with only 1 an occasional timid glance about her, as she was passing under L^s Finos de Diablo [the. Devil's Pines], a partly-forested, snow-choked steep, out of which the bears were said to issue at critical moments in response to the ; obber-captain's summons. ; She Teached her destination without mij. ap, obtained her wools from the industrious ndians there, and, after enjoying a little unch, was on her homeward road, with rereshed strength and a hopeful heart, ; But she had hardly repassed under the rowning brow of the Devil's Tines, when here was a low call, in imitation of a coyote's elp, from the thicket to her left. ; She stopped in terror as a powerfully, uilt, picturesque ruffian made his appearnce, with a warning gesture, and Jose asco, the dreaded robber captain, was in er path. "Daughter of my old comrade and captain," said he, with a smile, " 'tis not long since we have met, but you have grown lovelier and lovelier. You are sweeter than marriage-bells unto a hope too long deferred, my flower !"' Isadora strove to appear indifferent, though too much terrified to speak. The last time she had met this man was nearly three years before, at her father's death -bed. Solemn words had then b^en said bv hei father, pledging her as this man's fntun bride. She even remembered him to bare compelled her to clasp hands with Jos< across his body, while he muttered a seaiinc benediction with his dying lips. But. that was ail. It was more like th< recollection of a hideous dream than au"hi I else. She had hoped that Jose had either for gotten all about the miserable tToth plight or would never care to demand its fulfil ment. Indeed, she never thought of him a' «11 but with a fueling of horror : and now— ah, frett might she turn pale and catch h.v breath at the unmistakable meaning of thos; greeting words ; at the fervent gaze of those gloomy and remorseless eyes ! Angered at her scarccly-conc aled rupulsion, no less than inflamed by her beauty— which wa3 perhaps enhanced by her trepidation—he lost no time in letting her know that he had forgotten nothing, but regarded her as irrevocably bound to him. " Why do you not sp°ak to mfi, littla one V he at last exclaimed. " Shall you not be ready when I send to old Manuela for yonr hand, as I shall most assuredly, soon as I have given those troubicsome blue- coats at the fort their final quietus ! Or do you contemplate treachery—disobedience to those death-bed vows?"" And his brow darkened, wtiile his teeth glistened like a wolf's between his bearded lips. Isa could still only clasp ber hands and tremble. " Is it that I have a rival, girl ? Speak, I say !" " no, no ! Ah, of what are you thinking. Jose ?" And she stammered forth other evsiiona, lew incoherent, \- -•. — He interrupted her with n diabolical faugh. " What, a poor little dereiver you are! Vou should t.U<e. pattern from your elders, r>r stick to the truth. S"annell, the. American, ii your lover. I wifnesse 1 your n'tiens —von 'a-ere in his arms at the foot of the frail." In the midst of her confusion (here was •1 lo.-k of astonishment, that he weil understood. "And yet he died not in his traces, with a bullet in bis ht- art,'' he went on. ''Well, your surprise is natural, my dear; for my earbine covered him, my P.tu.M'r was on the trigger, hut I spared him. Would you know the reason I spared him, little one ?" She bowed her pale face. " Perhaps he has forgotten me ; but fie saved my life once at the risk of his own. It was in a wild brawl at K1 Paso. He was both generous nnd brave. Jose Vasco never forgets." She breathed more i'reely, but hio next words chilled ber afresh. • » " But think not that I would resign you. I would not assassinate him from ambush ; but when the time comes he must Rivo you up or die. Those soldiers are fools. I am impregnable here." He made a proud and comprehensive gesture. "Our fastness is inaccessible, and even the fierce bears, the savage boasts of the wilds, are our auxiliaries." This was said so simply that Isadora's last doubts as to the bear stories in current belief wero dissipated, and she viewed him with superstitious fear. .Suddenly a bugle sounded from somewhere far up the heights, and he started. " Ha ! it is the warning blast 1" he exclaimed. " Can a fresh attack bo meditated ?" Ho tightened his belt, which literally bristled with revolvers, and shifted the earbine that was aiung behind bis i shoulder. " Come, I shall claim you in good season ; but a kiss before we part." j A kiss ! and for him! She shrank back, j appalled. He clutched her wrist, tho evil ; light, kindling in his dark face like an angry meteor. j Bat at that instant there sounded a rattl- j ing volley from both above and below the I height, and she was saved the threatened < kiss. _ " Good-bye f I shall claim you in good time." He waved his hand, springing among tho slippery rocks with the celerity of a mountain goat, and disappeared among tho trees. \ Then Isadora, shrinking little further 1 from the opm trail, stood still in a sort of fascination, for she had never seen an armed I struggle, and one was in progress under her very eyes. Firing as they climbed, swarmed the boys in blue, with their Mexican contingent hurrahing enthusiastically on either wing. The robbers gallantly returned the voliej* with irregular firing from the timber line, ev?n hurrying down fearlessly to meet f oe cha-go. And the spell- bound girl could mark their leader in the van, r.o less bravely conspicuous than was the young West Pointer who enceuraged the attack with hi.; waving s'/vord. Athriil of gladness filled (he girl's reir.r. r.s she saw the robbrrs beaten back, leaving more than one prostrate man in their le. treat, while the disciplined soldiers nnd their allies slowly but surely followed them up. But at this junct ure tho young girl wit- i nessed a sight almost incredible, nntniih- j standing that her superstition might bare ; in some measure prepared her for it. The robbers Fuddenly disappeared, as if by magic, their places b'-ing apparently taken by tr'ops of savage bears, which issued from the pines with ferocious snarls and cries,and at once s <t up such a n ivel "form of resista'ice ard counter-attack as filled the storm- j ing party with 'error and dismay. Erect, with massive bludgeons in their grasp, pawing amid the white drifts on allfours, or merely showing their formidable teeth and brandishing their mighty daws, ! they began to loosen the clinging snowheaps and hurl them thundering down upon I the assailants' heads with a force and precision truly terrific; and this w-;.s but a mask for the bullets of their hnmar. allies, which at the same time began to rair again, with more or les? disastrous effect, ^rom the cover of the copses in their rear. s The soldiers had c-ma to a dead halt, puzr.led and astounded by the grotrsqueness I of it all, and this hesitation was fatal to their i »nterpri6e. | The next moment ti e cntiro volunteer ! contingent, which constituted more than I four fifths of the. attacking force, broke and ! fie l down the mountain in r.r: agony of panic, throwing a way their guns, ar, 1 giving utt» r- j inee to frightened screams and yells. j Tho cowardly example was too much for 1 the discipline of the regulars—>, mere handful, at the most. The panic became a cord avion, and, i though retiring with some shew o? order, they a 1 so gave up the fight, the rai.t becom- \ ir.g general. Isadora, who had w.iies^ni everything from her little nook of cortjv^'ment, buried aer face in her hands. Bat when she looked again i> to witn r ss another spectacle, which ctt-.'. to alter the entire tenor of her morti ficaM-.-c and fears. One of the bears,having missed its font in* on the icy steep, came tumbling, plungirg, and rolling head over heels past her retreat, betraying much of the secret of his soldierly intelligence in his unstudied sprawls, and. at the same time uttering the strangest ( ?prcssions of rage and disgust that had ever jet proceeded from a real bear. It was a revelation ; and, with her superstitious terrors no longer nn incentive, the young girl darted out upon the trail and fled away with all the swiftness that her supple nimbleness could evoke from hrr snow-shoe expertness. Out of breath, but stiil joyous over her treasured discovery, she arrived at oM Manuela's adobe hut before sundown, nnd then lost no time in hurrying to the fort. " Where is Santiago Scannell ?" she demanded of one. of the sentries. " I have » secret for him. I must see him right away." All the garrison were in a surly mood, foi the defeat of the reconnoitring party had just been made known. But the man whom she addressed, and who was well aware of thi scout's love-afEair, laughed r.e he informed her that Jim was off on a hunting expedi tion, and would hardly return before, day break, when ho was to guide a general at tack upon the robbers, then to be made ii considerable force. " Ah, I shall have to wait," said Isa, dis unrein ted ! v ; but. dn tell him forme not. •» go away again without seeing me," "It ain't likely that he would in case. Isa," replied the sentry, with anoihe good-natured laugh; for the bcamilu blar.ket- maker was a favorite everywhere and there wasn't a member of the tarriFoi that didn't wish Scout Jim joy of his wooing But I shall see your message delivered all the same." Bright and early, indeed, before sun-up, the next morning, Jim was at the old Manuela's cottage, and it took but a moment i'or the girl to place him in posse*, sion of her discovery. The scout's blue eyes opened to their widest capacity, and then, catching Tsa in his arms, he shouted a wild hurrah, while raining his kisses upon her blushing face. " i'ou don't say so !" he exclaimed. " What 1 the great bear trick nothing more than a dodge—a masquerade of robbers in bear skins ?" She nodded. " Hurrah ! the superstition is nipped in the bud I Even the greasers won't run away again. We'll lick them out of their boots, and the giving away of this secret on my part will gain me promotion as chief scout of the department, with double my present pay 1" " Oh, Santiago, I am so glad !" And Isa clasped her hands, the happy tears glistening in her dark eyes, " Listen, dear. You know that snug little ranch of mine on the San Juan?" Another nod. '• Would you like to be there—as my wife, of course ?'' " Oh, Santiago I" And the happy tears made way for happy blushes now. "Good ! Have the old woman make you ready forthwith, for we shall be married next Sunday. That is the day after tomorrow, which will be two days after today's scrimmage, which is destined to wipe out. Vasco and big entire band, big and little bears included !" " Oh, Santiago ! You forget I" and the brightness began to fade out of the sweet face. "My father himself was a robbercaptain ; and " "No matter I" cried Scannell, ouce more catching her to his breast. "Is it your father's ghost or your precious, darling self that I would take to my home and heartf (]ood-bye, and God keep you till my return I But a last kiss first 1" and he was SCfta. That was a fluftcii./^- day for (he j.?-< t r f little blanket-weaver, r- h as she had knoxn, or perhaps dreamed of, in I he ito'e i'ou i se of le r A ,r dn • day of love, suspense and 1 once at lea-.t. in a Ii fet : Ihe 1: h-' .'t i-w.-l of every 1,11 dding ui-.i-iei ; t. high or low, nji'ih'i; t or -„.«- Coarse, tutored or ie.","i:Mit •a pn day. henceforward to be tr-a ur-d in utsfi ag memory. But it paired, as oth'T da-./ ;< teiiHl pa;i, ;vs dreams m list pass; and so-ui after t': - - lint, news came in that, the r'».»br;s ha l be. n completely whipped out, of their boated fastness, resulting in 1 he ext ••rm mat i 1.11 of a majority of the band, including Vasco, their chief, and the capture, of the rest, Isa was sobbing for joy on her lover's breast. " Ah, dearest, it was almost a picnic for us this time I" he exclaimed, wht.u recounting the events of the fight. " The secret of the bear-skins was not generally made known amongst us until just before the storming of the steep, and its effect, upon t he men was magical. Why, even the greasers, as if shamefaced and maddened at the recollection of their superstitious fears, charged up among the rocks with the best, of us, and when the rascals ran out their bears it wn* for the last time, I can fell you. We rushed right among them before they could set their avalanches moving, shouting'em down right 1 nd left, and as the bear-skins were intended to frighten rather than to hurt— were, in fact, more of an incumbrance to their wearers than anything els-: —they w-re taken completely by surprise, and made scarcely any resistance. By Jupiter ! thos; bear-skins must have been saved up frum the hunts of half a dozen generaf iorif*, and I'm betting high there's not one of 'em left bat what is too riddled for future service of any sort. Then, having disposed of the b ars, we rushed through the pine*, 1!riving out the. rest of the robbers, who didn't st«p running till the last ridge 01 San Maf.-o range wa;: reached, where they made their last ftand, the bigger part of 'em dying in their tracks." " And ,To?,e—Yaseo himself 1 He ah-.o was clain, they say." " Yes ; he fought like the gaiie brav,, 1 was. But, before he died, I r c-gnis-d him r.s a chap whose life I saved in El i'aso poni»* some years ago, and who sort of chumm> d with me for a short time afterwards. p.-rhaps he reeogn:s M d me, too. Anjwav, as he sank back be fixed his eyes upon me. -aspi-ie out in Sparrsh, ' It's as, weii as it is, old comrade, since the same frail could no longer have carried the pair of ns !' f,nd then he was gone. Of coarse, I couldn't imagine what he meant, but it matters little one way or the other.'' Isadora, who understood better than be, and who had told nothing of her encounter with Vasco • n the prec-ding day, ne p lv buried her face on her lover's sh,.:i!di r, shudderingly thankful that the fierce eyes of the bandit, chief could e m,e no more between her and her barbs love. "Ah, thank Ih-aven you are -if,. , ,, rn,,,] y> was all she could murmur; "and thank Heaven that you love me 1" They were married on the fol'..r.virg Ssmdav, as the scout had declared tb>-v should be, and soon after went, to live, on Iv annell's snug tanch, where it may ie: that they are living in happiness at the present flay, 