HUMOUR. Mistress : ' What did yon do with the , mousetrap, Bridget?' Bridget :' I burnt it up, mum. It was attracting all the mice m the house.' Littlo Georgy— 'Papa, why do you say that the pen is more powerful than tho sword? Papa— ' Because you cunuot sign cheques' with a sword.' ' No, thank you, I've got somo of my own,' .said littlo Tommy, politely, as tho con tribulion box paneed in front of him on tho occasion of his first visit to church. ' What did you pot at your last place ?' New Ccok — 'A box of gloves and several pieces of nice jewellery; but tho lady went ? through my trunk aud recovered them beforo I got away.' Mr. Goff — ' What side of the street do you live on ?' Witness — ' On either sido. If you go ono way it is on the right sido ; if you go tho other way it ia on tha left.' ' I don't understand you. A fow minutes ago you said Meddlesome was a great busi ness man, and now you eay he doesn't know his own business.' ' Exactly ; other people's business is his specialty.' ?Have you received an invitation to tho bachelors' ball?' 'Yes, indeed. I'm to be the only girl thero.' 'What!' 'Yes; really. You know tho bachelors only hudau invitation apiece to send out, and I'vo re ceived one from oaoh.' ' I Bee,' said Mrs Wickwiro, ' that two million boxes of oranges were frozen on tho trees in Florida. I don't understand it.' ' Dou't understand it,' echoed Mr. Wick wiro. ' Tho statement is plain enough.' ' Yea ; but do they grow in boxes on tho treea?' Trotter — ' I mot a vory pleasant relative of yours in the mountains this year. Ho was very kind too, and lent mo ten dollars when I was particularly hard up.' Faster (sadly) — ' I'm afraid you'ro mistaken. I haven't got any such relative.' ' I'm so sorry supper isn't roady,' said Mrs. Dinsmore to her husband when ho onme in. ' I attended tho mealing of tho sowing cirolo this afternoon, and -I couldn't get away.' 'Hemmed in, wero you?' asked her hus band. A littlo girl, aged nine, called her father to her bedeido a fow ovoniugH ago and said: ' Papa, I want to nsk your odvico.' ' Well, ipy dear, what is it aboutP' ' What do you think would bo best for you to givoine on uiy birthday uoxt week?' ... 'Mr. Wilkes, your column of personal gossip in tho lust number of your paper was tho raoieat thing 1 know. Where did you got all the .information?' 'My wife had the Sowing Cirolo at 'our house last Saturday, and I concealed a phonograph in the room.' ; ' I hope you don't find tho amount un reasonablo,' said tho landlord. ' Oh no,' was tho reply, 'the amount in very reasonable. What 1 want to know is how many months do you give me to pay it in? Of course, I want a reasonable time to pay a reasonable bill.' Hojack : ' My wife only writes to me onco a week while she is away.' Toradik: ' Mine writes regularly threo timos a week.' Hojack: 'She must be very fond of you.' Tomdik: 'She is; and then, I only send her money enough to last two duya at . a time.' : Mr. Trotter: «I told you that Cholly'^ attentions to, Emily Brown would never 'amount to anything.' Mrs. Trotters 'Well, you were wrong again; they frightened Dick Fraeer into x'0* posing at last, and Emily haa accepted, him,' ' There are many men .who aro afraid of; ghosts who have no fear of spirits. Actors, draughtsmen, dentistA . and. mustard plusters ought to draw well. Did the, doctor eeein to, understand Hiokft\ case? Yes, poi'feqtly j he cqlleqto.d hia money.- a.f tor- ea.oh visit, Mrs, Wa.tts,=J)on't, you ever- do, anything a^ all? Weary WntkinB.-^-Qh, yos, muift, gomqtinie^ I do*.?, Um.Qi Olerk-rl'd -likn to, get off; for a few dfty-!» Employer — Buuiueja. bv ploasurof (Jloil:,^ IJut!,iiie-W- i'« te bjjm.Mrie-U J fA New Y;pi& tady h,?s, been presented. tw- smoking a cigarette in. tho streets. The kk» js unwise in this. Why feterfore with a woman for icing envthjnar Qmjj keeps has 