LONDON TABLE TALK. rFrom our Special Correspondent.! T»rmf1r»Y» TWa.w»Vi 1 1ft?iri ? The influenza, which wrought such havoc at this time of the year in 1892-3, has recrudesced alarmingly during the last week, and at the time of writing there are literally thousands down with it The Prince of Wales, who seemed to be sickening for a bout, fled south to the Riviera last Saturday to avoid it, and the same day 'both the Prune Minister and Mr. Balf our were attacked. Other notables suffer ing seriously are Earl Gadogan, Lord Arthur Sill, Captain Naylor Leyland, LadyHamil inn_ suni\ ?Tiiimprnnc TW-'P 'a and nt;Vipr niiHlin men. To name them all would fill a column. The complaint does not appear to be as severe in character as the epidemic of 1892, but its after effects are too often lamentable. The slightest carelessness or indiscretion whilst re covering provokes pneumonia or bronchitis, and then the patient's last state is worse 'than his or her first. The death-roll in the Times contains announcement after announcement of the fatalities caused by these terrors 'super- vening on influenza!' Even when one avoids such evils one has, however, the deadly de pression which accompanies the influenza to battle with. The foundations for as gruesome a tale of horror as ever emanated from the gifted pen of thelate B. A. Poe or the present Ambrose Bierce are 'to 'be found in a ghastly drama 'of real life enacted at Wilna, in Hungary, a few days ago. A man who as a lad had emigrated to the United States many years ago and there amassed considerable fortune returned a fort night back. His appearance was so much changed that his old neighbors, with one exception, failed to recognise their youthful acquaintance. The exception was an old friend of the family, who was leaving Wilna on a short absence by a departing train just as the young man alighted. Finding himself un recognised the young man spent a few days loitering about his old haunts and picking up information of his father and sister, the latter a very pretty girl, whom the brother had left as a mere child. _ One evening he went to his father's house during the latter's absence. His sister was greatly attracted by the strange guest, who had so many interesting experiences to relate, and they supped to gether. The brother feigning fatigue begged to be allowed to remain over night, as he had something of importance to say to the girl's father in the morning. On her father's late return the girl informed him of their un \- expected guest, and dilated, unfortunately, on the stranger's wealth. The-old man's cupidity tvas aroused, * and during the night he stole into his guest's bedroom and murdered him in his sleep with an axe. ' During the next day the old neighbor, now returned, who had recognised the young man at the- rail way -station came 'with a number of friends to hear news of their . emigrant relatives in the States. 'Where is your son?' he enquired of the murderer. ** Whose son f asked the poor wretch with blanching cheeks and trembling limbs. ' ' Your own boy,' said the neighbor, 'who returned some days ago and had made a fortune. Did he not sleep here List night?' Suddenly the whole horrible truth flashed upon the unhappy father, and with a scream of agony he rushed off to the scullery where his son's body was hidden. They found him there presently kneeling by a horribly mutilated corpse and counting the bag of gold for which he had committed the crime. The miserable mur derer is now in prison, but stark, staring mad. His young daughter's hair has turned white as driven snow. Lord Rosebery has been very fortunate in his selection of Lord Acton for the Regius Professorship of Modern History at Cam bridge. To the 'common herd' Lord Acton is an unknown quantity ; but the Premier has been congratulated by scholars of all shades of political opinion on his choice, and the igno rance of the multitude respecting the pro fessorial peer has been remedied. To the question ' Who is Lord Acton?' the reply is : — His lordship is a kinsman of the historian Gibbon, and grandson of General Acton, who was conspicuous in Europe as the principal Minister of the King of the Two Sicilies. Besides being an English peer, Lord Acton is a duke in France, a count in Germany, and one supposes quite a ' bigwig' in Italy since his grandfather practically ruled Naples in the days of Nelson and Queen Caroline. Lord Acton's mother was the only daughter and heir of the Due Dalberg, and the Dalbergs were amongst the oldest and proudest of the Imperial kbightsj When the Emperor-eleafc was crowned King of Germany at FrankfortU herald asked 'Is there any Dalberg here?' and if a representative of the family were present he was f orthwith knighted. Lord * Acton entered into baronetage at the tender age of fifteen months, and five years later became stepson of Earl Gran villa At sixteen the young baronet entered upon serious study with Pro fessor Dollinger, of Munich, and at thirty-one he married Countess Marie Arco Valley, daughter of a Bavarian house well known in Germany history. So much for the genea logical tree of the1 peer professor To the second query— 'What has Lord Acton written ?' the Westminster Gazette replies— He has written many books which bear the names of other people. The secret of these is only known to their reputed authors, for Lord Acton would never reveal it Which state ment hardly carries conviction to an open \- mind since Lord Acton has never had need to act as 'literary ghost.' Apart, however from any works he may have written su6 rota, his lordship's literary output has been small for a man of his attainments. He was for some years editor of the Home and Foreign Review, the volumes of which are neb in articles from his pen on anaentand modern tas tory and political science. He has written a fair number of essays and reviews in the #71^ lishBistorical Review, andsomefifteenyearsago he was engaged on a history of the Popes of the Reformation, for which he had made ex haustive collections. The work was to have been written in German, but for some reason or other never became a volume in the series it was destined to form part of, i.e., the Heeren and TTekbert Library, He is now supposed to be writing a history of Liberty. An intimate friend cays:— 'He knows something of all history and everything about Borne his tory. BQb' special periods' may perhaps be said to be the formation of the Roman Empire, the thirteenth andfourteenthandfifteenthcenturiee Specially in Italy, the period of the Revolu tioDflnd the Napoleonic era. Besides this he ipowa, «b few know, the history of political ?wW^and the formation of the American constitution.' It would seem, indeed, that Lorp Acton's great knowledge 'has been obtained at the expense pf his literary output He.wtitks many hours a day, but as his library tpntauB 69,000 volumes, all of which, it is daifiiea, he',has read or '.'sufficiently exa ftunefl;' bis time for writing must have been very- limited. Hie method of «tudy also precludes belief in the theory that he has written books for other people's fame. The faend who f»li'w»» that he has done bo Bars 'He reads a number of volumes and marks the passages which strike him by the insertion of long slips of paper. When a number of these books has accumulated he copies out the passages on slips of ruled paper. These are sorted and arranged in boxes, so that they maybe referred to at a moment's notice. Lord Acton possesses many thousands of theee slips, which are of such a nature as to be toermanently valuable.' The only doubt which scholars have put forth is whether Lord Acton can after years of retirement and study suddenly blossom forth in his old age as a suc cessful lecturer. To follow Sir John Seeley is no easy task for even a man of Lord Acton's attainments. The death of Lord Aberdare at the ripe old age of SO will recall to many elderly men the bitter fight of the Gladstone Ministry in 1871, when ' It's just struck Bruce'.was the catch phrase of the hour, and supposed to contain the bitterest irony, and the Home Secretary of that name was the most cordially detested politician in all England. The measure which excited this rumpus was a drastic series of ref ormsdirected against the licensed victualling trade, which earned the title of the 'Robbery BilL' Its provisions were so strong that even the Radical House of Commons of that - day dare not pass it, and it was withdrawn and replaced by_ a less objectionable measure next session. The feature of the latter law which excited the loudest outcry was the alleged 'grandmotherly legislation' of closing the public-houses at U in the provinces and at midnight in London. Meetings were held all over the country pro testing against the ' liberty of the subject' being interfered with. The Tories were specially furious in their denunciations of the Act, and everywhere gave out that when re turned to power they would promptly repeal the obnoxious proviso. However, the Bill passed, and in August, 1872, *' It's just struck Bruce — out you go!' became the midnight closing time formula, at every London public house. Mr. Bruce was sacrificed to the popular clamor and decently buried in the Upper Chamber as Lord Aberdare, but this did not save the Government who resigned in 1874\. When the Tories came into power they had to keep their promises and amend Mr. Brace's Act. By that time, however, the beneficence of the 'closing time' proviso, which had completely changed the aspect of the night side of London, was apparent to all shades of politicians, and Lord Aberdare boasted in the Lords that his opponents had practically approved his BilL What they altered were mere details. Mr Bruce, whilst at the Home Office, strengthened the detective force, and should be credited with the responsibility for such valuable measures as the Trades Union and Mines Regulation Act. Of late years he devoted himself to social and local (especially Welsh) rather than Imperial affairs, and took a prominent part in the estab lishment of the University of Wales. Of the latter indeed Lord Aberdare was first Chan cellor. In appearance' Lord Aberdare was the beau ideal of what a nobleman should be — handsome, dignified, well set-up, well groomed, and bland. ' He grew old picturesquely, and looked to perfection the patriarchal head of a much-esteemed middle-class family. Alto gether I am told his direct descendants number between fifty and sixty. In the course of the last few years the public have had an opportunity of investi gating the peculiarities of various varieties of the eenus 'Jueeins' and snend thrift. The series commenced with Mr. Benzon, the jubilee or gambling ' Juggins.' Then came Mr. Abington Baird and the late Lord Ailes bury. More recently the ruinous extrava gances of Lord Francis Hope, on behalf of the lady now his wife, edified society, and finally we have gaped at the eccentricities of Mr. Joseph Charles Tasker. This gentleman, who appears to be a lineal descendant of Tittlebat Titmouse, inherited some few years back a fortune of £700,000. Apparently he had none of the ordinary weaknesses which beset poor humanity, if I except an inexpensively gratified liking for the vintages of Hennessy and MartelL The peculiar fad which lie developed on be coming a millionaire was a penchant for precious stones. Whether he would have cared for them but for the representations of his friend Mr. Rogers seems, however, ex tremely doubtfuL Mr. Rogers was a can vasser in the employ of Messrs. Streeter and Co., and it appears to have occurred to him that Mr. Tasker would be an admirable person to relieve the firm of sundry superfluous and expensive stones. How well he managed the job may be gathered from the fact that in a few weeks Mr. Tasker bought from him £87,000 worth of goods. Later, however, when Mr. Tasker was taking less Hennessy, dis putes arose as to the value of the'goods, and he finally sued Streeters {as Rogers's princi pals) for £17,300 money received by them for a consideration which had failed. Mr. Finlay, Q.C., said the plaintiff was introduced to Mr. Rogers, who acted as a canvasser to the defen dants. He was induced to spend something like one-third of his entire income in the pur chase of the most costly articles, and a most remarkable feature of the proceedings was that the whole of the costly articles were pur chased within the course of some two or three weeks. In all articles were purchased within the short periodofafewweeksamountingto £87, 000, which bore unquestionable testimony to the activity of Mr. Rogers as a canvasser for Messrs. Streeter. Gertain of these articles were actually paid for, and they remained ? in the possession of Messrs. Streeter & Co., with, he should add, the exception of some articles that they had parted with by selling to other people, and the Hope diamond, which they never got. The plaintiff was examined, and detailed the transactions with Mr. Rogers. He produced the pedigree of the Agra dia mond. It described how the diamond came into the possession of the Emoeror Baber, the illustrious descendant of Timour, of Western Tartary, and the founder of the Mogul Empire in India, from whom it passed to his son. ' Hum&iun;, then to Akbar Nadir Shah, and ultimately through the vicissitudes of its various possessors it eventually arrived' in Europe. It was said to surpass in brilliancy the famous Taverner or Hope blue diamond and to be the purest of all Indian stones. .The pedigree concluded thus — ' Its delicate hues may be said to instil the odorous purple of a new-born rose filled with the face of heaven.' The witness admitted that he agreed to pur chase the Hope diamond for £32,000, but only oncondition that the diamond was got out of Chancery, where Rogers said it was. The witness was questioned in reference to a cheque for £51,625 which he gave in favor of Messrs. Streeter & Co. on the 5th of June. He at first stated that he thought the body of the cheque was filled in by_ his sister, but then corrected himself by saving that it was filled in by Mr. Rogers. Mr. Darling — How do you suggest that the cheque came about ? Witness (indifferently)— Oh, it came about in the ordinary way. I really would not like to say that he suggested it or that I suggested it. I think that the Hope diamond was included in that sum. The ex amination was next directed towards showing that this cheque for nearly £52,000 covered the Hope diamond for £32,000, £5,000 for the Bow brooch, and £15,000 for taking up certain bills. In regard to the seven brilliants witness said he was in bed in June with a bad attack of gout. Rogers came to dine with him, and was accompanied bjr a man named Row and a man named Vickers, one of them being a Bond-street picture-dealer. They went to a theatre and returned for supper. At about a quarter to 2 o'clock Rogers pulled a set of diamonds out of his trousers -pocket, and said he had no business to show them to anybody as they were not properly on the market, but that he would let witness see them out of kindness, and then offered to sell them to him for the modest sum of £30,000. Rogers added — 'For God's sake don't let anybody know or Til get my throat cut.' Witness declined to purchase them or to do business at that time in the morning. In crossexamina tion by Sir E. Clarke, plaintiff created preat amusement by the indifferent manner in which he referred to the most extravagant sums, and to his interpolations, sotlo rocc, of 'It doesn't matter' and 'Blowed if I know.' He said that he gave £7,000 for his yacht in Bombay. Miss Tasker, plaintiff's sister, described how Mr. Rogers had tried to persuade her brother to '-buy certain articles. Charles Lawrence, plaintiffs servant, said that his master was suffering from the effects of drink at the time be signed certain bills in pavment of goods bought from Mr. Rogers. Jofin Jones, dealer in precious stones, who examined the Agra diamond sold by the defendants to the plaintiff for £15,000, said that £8,000 was a fair price for it The Bow brooch sold for £5,000 was in bis opinion worth about £2,750. Mr. Spinks, the well-known expert, valued the Bow brooch at £4,000. The defence offered bv Messrs. Streeter and Co. was that there had been no undue magni fying of the Agra diamond, that the pedigree of the jewel as given in court was genuine, and that they had taken no advantage of Tasker's vinous moments to sell him expensive goods and to sign cheques and bills for them. In proof they called Rogers, their agent, Rowe, ;heir ex-secretary, sundry experts, and Mr. Edwin Streeter to give evidence. Mr. Streeter was subjected to cross-examination at the hands of Mr. Findlay, and the pair caused much laughter in court. The Agra diamond th» defendant considered cheap_ at £15,000, and said that its history was compiled by Colonel Birch, an T'^'-' scholar, who extracted his information from the India Office records. Birch's account spoke of the gem as being seen in the treasury of Aurungzebe in 1665, and to its subsequent possession by Emperor Baber, descendant of Timur, the founder of the Mogul Empire. Mr. Finlay, Q.C., wasted to know 'whether Baber didn't die in 1530, while Aurungzebe was not born till 1618. But Air. Streeter excused himself answering this his torical problem from.membry.' ' You are an author, you know,' urged the lawyer. Mr. Streeter's reply was a sweeping criticism of authors. * ' They' ve generally got no memory, ' said he. 'Nor knowledge ?' enquired the Q.C. 'That's a very different matter,' replied Mr. Streeter emphatically. Witness Was at sea regarding- Aurungzebe, but imagined that he was an Indian prince. 'As I didn't live in 1665 I can't tell you, Mr. Finlay, but if you go down to the India OfBee you'll find it all in the books.' Whereat the court made merry;. Likewise Mr. Streeter was ignorant — shockingly ignorant-^-of the gentleman named Akbar, in whose head-dress the Agra diamond subsequently appeared. He didn't know when Akbar lived or when he died or what he was. He believed the stone was absolutely unique, and called upon a Mr. Dodd to say that £15,000 wasatairpneeforit. Mr. Dodd, an expert with forty years' experience said £15,000 was a fair price 'for a collector.' The diamond was not attractive enough for the general buyer. Mr. Darling, Q.C, who wound up for the plaintiff, said Mr. Tasker had bought the jewel for its pedigree, not for its carats, and he maintained that the pedigree had been shattered 'like the Mahratta power by the Emperor Baber.' ' The only oit of history about it was the re cutting ; all the rest was poetry — (smiles all round) — some of it from the India Office got from those well-known works of imagina tion — the Blue Books.' In the end the jury set aside the Agra contract, but gave Streeters a verdict on the other issues. Miss Ursula Dickenson, a spinster of ample years and means, possessed a very splendid specimen of feline fluffiness in ' Queen May' — a sable-colored Persian — and she was anxious to preserve her favorite's attributes unto posterity. So she advertised for a fit mate to 'Queen May,' and Mrs. Sarah Clements quickly responded. She had a ' beautiful sable Persian stud cat' for which she asked the paltry price of two guineas. The animal was guaranteed to be 'a dark sable tabby Persian,' but Miss Dickenson was suspicious, and would only trade on the 'sale or Tetarn' principle. To convince her Mrs. Clements cut a bit of the tom's fur off and sent it by post. The fur argued 'quality' in its grower, and Miss Dickenson at once sent on the two guineas. To her horror the 'Persian stud cat' bore no resemblance to 'Queen May,' but would pass very well for the backyard-bred creatures which serenaded her treasure night after night in vain. So she applied to the Bloorusbury County Court judge for an order to compel Mrs. Clements to return her the purchase-price. The case caused infinite amusement to a crowded court on Tuesday last. The defendant, of course, girded at the notion that the ' stud ' cat was nothing but an 'ordinary London torn,' and wished that the judge couM see the animal. The wish was gratified on the instant. Miss Dickenson signalled to the court janitor, and he passed the word along for Mies D.'s maid, who entered quickly carrying three wicker baskets, which she placed on the registrar's table in front of the judge. The first being opened, out stepped a magnificent Persian cat. The sedate and stately behavior of this animal was proof sufficient of its bjrth and education. 'This, your worship,' said Miss Dickenson, 'ie 'Queen May,' and this' — whipping open the second basket — 'is the miserable specimen she sent me.' Certainly it was _a poor common-looking torn when side by side with the Queen. Defendant picked up the rejected cat and ejaculated 'Miserable! Yes, t'aint half the cat 'e were when 'e left me.' Plaintiff scornfully retorted that it was only her care and kindness that had enabled Thomas to live long enough to give evidence. The third basket being opened introduced the court to what the plaintiff called 'an ordi nary London tomcat' — a thoroughbred mongrel caught on the backyard fence. Never theless, it had quite as much 'quality' to the ordinary eye as the ' guaranteed sable-tabby stud cat,' and appeared to be of the same breed. Miss Dickenson asked the judge to say that it was, but his honor would not com mit himself so far, though he swiftly came to the conclusion that the -two-puinea feline was not of the Persian breed. Of course judgment went to the plaintiff, who quickly left the court with ' Queen May' and her ill-bred witness and one empty basket, leaving Mrs. Clements to take the rejected torn home as best she could. The editor of the much-diseussed 'Yellow Book ' is not as many think Mr. John Lane himself, but an American named Henry Harland, who before he became decadent gained a certain amount of fame as a writer of shilling 'shockers.' He was then known by the pseudonym of 'Sydney Luska,' and his most successful work was 'As It Was Written : A Jewish Musician's Story,' which Cassells hoped might suuff out Hugh Conway's 'Called Back' and 'Dark Days' at that time all the vogue. After 'As It Was Written' in 1S85 he produced 'Mrs. Peixada' in 1886, 'The Land of Love,' and another work in 1887. None of them attracted more than passing attention. Mr. Walter H. Low, the editor of the Educational Times, and brother of the editor of the St. Ja.7iics's Gazette, died last week of pneumonia, following on influenza, and the same complaint, similarly contracted, has also proved fatal to Mr. Pigott, of the Lord Chamberlain's department. Mr. Pigott was examiner and licenser of plays, an awkward and much-criticised position, necessitating the possession of great tact and judgment. Occa sionally some indignant autnor ieu ioui oi nun for refusing his 'original idea' a license, and insisted. on producing the rejected piece at a gratis matinee in order to prove prejudice. Air. Sydney Grundy, if I remember right, did this, but only succeeded in triumphantly vindicating the soundness of the censor's decision. The meeting at the Mansion House on Fri day for the purpose of discussing the Carlyle memorial scheme proved a complete success. Nearly all the leading lights of the metropolis not ill in bed turned up ready to subscribe, and Lord Ripon, Mr. Leonard Courtney, Mr. Wallace, M.P., and Mr. Bayard made capital speeches. The historic 'old house in Cheyne walk is to be purchased forthwith and turned into'a Carlyle Museum. Sir William Collins, who died last week at an advanced age, was the head of . a firm of publishers who madf^ «. larrrfi fortviTnft out. of t'lft nrrwlnr'.tinn of Bibles and other rejigious publications. A 'Family Bible,' with Henry and Scott's com mentary, laid the foundation of their fortunes, no fewer than 250,000 copies of one edition being sold. The dream of Sir William's later life was a ' Teacher's Bible,' embodying all the latest discoveries of modern scholarship. When he had lived to see it accomplished he said. ' That is the last -niece of work I shall touch.' And so it proved. Another venerable literary celebrity of other days whom the influenza carried off almost unnoticed was Mrs. Newton Crosland, the friend of Lady Blessington and others now forgotten. It was Mrs. Crosland who first detected the promise in Miss Muloch's work, and recommended the author of 'John Halifax' to take up literature as her serious calling. She was also a great friend of Grace Aguilar and Miss Martineau and Bulwer Lytton. Her own efforts were mostly con tributed to the Keepsake and other old fashioned magazines. She had not written anything- for many years before she died, indeed only a few personal friends knew the old lady was still alive. When Carlyle was about six years of age he happened to be left alone in the house one winter's day. Presently came a knock at the door, and on opening it the little boy found a shivering beggar, who implored him to give him something to eat. There was not any food in the house, but the boy bade the man wait while he climbed on to the dresser and got his ' penny jug' off the shelf. This he broke and gave the old man all the money in it. 'And,' said Carlyle, 'I never knew till then what the joy of Heaven was like.' When the rector of Chelsea told this story (says the Athenceum) Dean Stanley with his quick historic instinct exclaimed. 'Had that happened in the Middle Ages the old man would have turned out to be some one else.' In response to the very general demand for new and cheaper editions of Sir John Seeley's works Messrs. Macmillan have undertaken to re-issue 'Ecee Homo,' 'Natural Religion,' and 'The Expansion of England' iu their Eversley series at 3s. 6d. per volume. The first and last of these are undoubtedly classics, and should be on the shelves of every library whether public or private. Messrs. Chapman & Hall apparently think the time has come for them to enter the lista with Mr. Newnes, Chattos, and Ward Lock, and on May 1 Chapman's Magazine is to be added to the already lengthy list of monthlies. The price will be Gd., which will also l-e that of The Englishwoman, Miss Hepworth Dixon's new venture. The Young Man for March contains a very sensible article on temperate temperance principles, which I strongly commend to the anti-alcohol extremists. The author is Dr. Andrew Wilson, the well-known nervous socialist. ' In the first place, he says that alcohol is injurious to the young, that it is not a necessity for the healthy adult, and that it has, nevertheless, important dietetic uses That alcohol is itself a food is held by some of the most celebrated physiologists, Dr. Pavy amongst them. They_ do not sug pest that it is a food like bread or beef, but that chemically it is a food and acts as does a food when taken in proper quantity. No doubt alcohol makes the food go further by checking our tissue waste and by retarding combustion, and it is known in small amounts to promote the secre tion of gastric juice, hence its value in cases of defective food assimilation. * When I have seen a total abstainer complain of want of digestive power, I have sometimes said, 'Why not try a little alcohol?' If he has been above unreasonable prejudice, he lias done so, suid found benefit. It has givep his diges tive powers exactly the stimulus they needed, and this without that distur bance of functions which drugs usually produce. If he has not availed himself of the advice he continues to suffer, until at last he has perchance yielded ulti mately to necessity, and has found in alcohol an absolute good. It may be urged that I am pleading . the cause of alcohol in disease rather than justify ing the action of the moderate man. But the case I have quoted practically demonstrates the moderate use of alcohol in maintaining in many of us the healthy state. If we all dwelt in Utopia, if all had work to do exactly pro portioned to ourstrength, if worry and care were unknown factors in life, if our bodily wear and tear could be exactly related and adjusted to our nutritive powers, then perhaps in such an impossible world alcohol would find no place or power. We might then also abolish tea and coffee and other food adjuncts as well. But we know how diverse are life's conditions, and so it comes about that alcohol finds a definite enough place as a food adjunct to the moderate man's dietary, adding zest to his diet, favoring easy digestion, promoting assimilation of bis nutriment, and otherwise rendering life and work more readily enjoyed and performed.' 