lilts Siariuiihi w r, *» & ? _ HIS OWI AGCUm BY HOUGHTON TOWNLEY. Chapter VI. THE GUN ! THE GUN ! ? THE REAL TRUTH ABOUT THE MURDER. The reader has no doubt guessed that it was Stephen Markham who murdered Eddie Wilde, and secreted the ,gun in Hazel Wood. In his guilty fear he had put the gun there, hardly knowing why, but impressed with a vague terror that- it might, in some way, tell its own tale. When, however, the rash statements in the dead man's diary gave credence to the theorv of suicide, and the whole affair blew over, the murderer's naturally mean spirit prompted him to recover his gun. It was a good one, a useful one, a very expensive one. On consideration he thought be had been very foolish to leave' it there at all. Could a gun speak ? Could it bear tes timony against him ? No, he would recover it and use it again. What if murder had been done with it, were not all guns made for kill ing ? So he argued with himself, and went stealthily to regain it. But now the gun had become a danger indeed. Two men had started out of the darkness, and tried to seize the weapon. There was a struggle, a shot, a cry from one of his assailants whom be had probaby wounded — perhaps killed. Who and what were they, and what had he done 1 After firing he had dashed away blindly into the thickness of the wood, grasping the gun in his hand, never stopping till he rcached the far end of the wood. There he waited a moment, panting and listening to see if be were pursued. The gun! the gun! He had held the hateful thing in his hand! He thrust it hurriedly beneath the nearest bush and kicked it in as far as it would go. Then he listened again fearfully for sounds of his pursuers. No ; only the rumbling thundar and the ghostly whispering rain. His legs shook under him, &nd; his teeth chattered with super stitious fear. Those two ? Were they ghosts or evil spirits sent t® terrify him 1 They had come out of the darkness before him just as the otber two had done on \- the night of the dinner at the 'Stag,' and he had shot at them, and there was a loud cry just as there was when he had ?' raised his gun in the darkness and shot young Eddie Wilde. Which way should he turn ? It was black darkness on ? every side except where, in the distance, a twinkling light relieved the gloom. Dare he go that way ? He dared not stay there in the dark ? ness and the rain with tbe lightning flashing wierdly through the trees. He turned and hurried blindly across the v open fields towards, the distant light, never stopping to look back. As the storm increased, so his terror grow. 'Hanged! hanged! and I did it!' wailed a voice in the darkness, after a more than usually brilliant flash. Two ghosts in tbe form of men again stood out grimly in the sulphurous light. He heard their voices as they mocked him. He fancied, too, they were pursu- j lug uiin. Unspeakable terror — torror such as turns a man's hair grey in a single night —possessed him, and he fled away to ,wards tbe light of the distant inn. Chapter VII. HOW EDDIE WILDE CAME BY HIS END— HIS MURDERER AND HIS METHODS. Markham had not meant to kill young ' Wilde. His gun had been raised to shoot another man, none other than Phil Eaynor himself. He had been at the dinner at tbe ' Stag Inn,' given in honour of Phil's coming of age and the accession to the family estates, which he, Markham, had so long held as trustee. At the dinner he bad been insulted' — yes, there was no other word for it — by some of the more daring spirits. They talked about him, and at him, and across him at tho table, till ho was thoroughly maddened by their barbed shafts ; yet nothing was done or said that he could reasonably have repudi ated. What added to tho smart of his hu miliation was the fact that he know on the morrow he must ronder up to Phil, his new master, an account of the steward ship of the Chesfield estates, and that beforo another day passed Phil would brand him as a fclo/i, and perform that unpleasant offico, too, with the greatest satisfaction. The fun at the dinner had waxed fast and furious, and the number of empty champagne and spirit bottles increased to an alarming extent. The lawyer had not been pressed to drink much, and he kept a cool head ; but he soon saw that abstemious Phil Raynor was hopelessly inehriated by the mixture of liquids forced upon him. In his mind a3 ho sat there he pictured the new squire of Chesfield staggering homo in tho darkness across the fields, intoxi cated, helpless. Like an . inspiration fresh from hell thero had (lashed across tho felon's mind the possibility of intercepting his new master on his way home,- and silencing him for over, thus gaining a short re spite. from the inevitable discovory of his embezzlements. Tho idea camo in an instant, and ho grasped it at once. There was, he felt, uo time to meditate. It would have to be done at once, or tho opportunity would bo lost, and his last chance gone. Whilst tho revellers were straining their lungs in cheoring the toast of the ' Rose of llchester ' he stealthily left them, taking his gun and his cartridge case. As he quietly slipped out ho heard an altercation between Phil and his friend Eddie Wilde. Phil was insisting upon ? going homo alone, and threatening to shout anvbod'y who oppose.i his will;, ' Like most gentle and docile pepple,/ under the influence of drink he had' be come furious and reckless. : — With swift footsteps Markham mado'r his way along the footpath to the Bury Meadow, and stationed himself behind a hedge a few yards from the footpath along which Phil must pass on his way home. Hero, in the loneliness of the open fields and under cover of tho night, he bad waited with bated breath the coming of his unsuspecting victim. All was still except a gentle rustling wind which swept past him in little gusts, cooling the heavy sweat which stood out in beads upon his forehead. He waited awhile with chattering teeth but no Phil made his appearance. ? The long minutes crept by slowly, oh, so slowly, and gave him time to think, to repent, to turn cowara, ? But he tried not to think ; he clen ched his teeth and grasped his double barrelled gun with an iron grip, ond would not allow himself to answer the taunts of conscience. ' Yeu dare not do it,' whispered con science ; - it is marder ! Give it up and fly the country before it is too late.' 1 He only gripped his gun the tighter and shut his ears. ? Yeu may'be found out, and then you will be in a much worse plight. Give it up, it is too desperate. You may not kill him, only wound him, and that would mean only a short respite. His hands only clenched the gun — and, listen ! There is a sound of 3low, heavy foot steps. Now is the time or never ! In another moment the approaching shadow will be passing along on the other side of the hedge right opposite to where he is kneeling. He thrusts his gun through the hedge and levels it to his shoulder. The footsteps are quite near now. In another moment he sees a moving figure before 'him and fires. A muffled shot booms through the clammy night mist — a stifled gasp and a heavy fall, and the murderer knows his shot has taken effect. {To be continued .) 