BY TWENTY AUTHORS. m.x—i ■ of-Martin Fenwick. DICK DONOVAN, Author of "In tlfe Grip of the Law," "Tracked to Doom," &c.; A COMPLETE STORY. [Published by Special Arrangement with the Author. All rights reserved.] The belle of the London season of 18— was beyond all doubt Mrs. Gwendoline Ifemvick, a young and singularly handsome lady, whose aso was a little more than a quarter of a century. Her position was a somewhat extra ordinary one, as it was not quite certain whether or not she was a wife or a widow. If or a con siderable time there had appeared in all the London dailies, as well as some of the country ones, and also in many foreign papers, the following advertisement:— £500 REWARD.—This reward will be paid to any one who can furnish information of .the present whereabouts of Martin Augustus Reginald Fenwick, if living, or. if dead to anyone who can produce undeniable proof of his death; The following is a description of the said Martin Augustus Reginald Fenwick.:—Age about sixty two or three, sallow complexion, small blue eyes, scant grey hair and beardheight, five feet six; walks with a stoop; very gentlemanly in appearance; small hands and feet; dresses with great taste and neatness; has a large and prominent scar on the left side of the neck and shoulder, the result of a sword cut; manner very reserved,With a preoccupied air. Is addicted to the use • of opium.—Address Henson, Borthwick, and Nethersol, solicitors, 10, King's Bench Walk, Temple, London; The Martin Fenwiclc here advertised for was the husband of Gwendoline Ifemvick. He had most mysteriously disappeared about a year before, and in spite of extensive advertising and the; offer of'five hundred pounds reward not a trace of him had been obtained. After a year's seclusion his wife or widow reappeared in society. She had previously beeu well known in London as the handsome girl-wife of ."Old Fen wick" and for long had been a centre of attraction. Her husband, who had formerly^ held a commission in the army and had distinguished himself as a soldier, being severely wounded in the neck while on active service in China, was known to be a very wealtliyman. He had been married twice be^, fore, but had had no issue. His third marriage caused much astonish ment. Ho one knew anything at all about the lady,-but the fact that she was his wife was a passport for her into the very best ranks of society, for Fenwiclc was wealthy and he en joyed the intimate acquaintance of some very high people in the land. Therefore the snobs and mammon worshippers were ready to pros trate themselves at the feet of his radiantly beautiful bride; and though no doubt con siderable curiosity was expressed to know whence she came and who she was this curiosity was not allowed to intrude itself un pleasantly. Gwendoline Fenwick was beautiful, she was young, she was rich, her husband had made her so, for it was rumored that he settled a very handsome fortune on her. She gav<5 grand receptions'and parties, and though/there was a,unanimity of. opinion that her education was not' as'perfect as it might be, she was voted clever, with a natural wit, and a power of fence which gave her a tremendous advan tage. _ And so while women—after their kind —smiled and fawned upon her, they said bitter, scathing things behind her back. But men, young and old, paid her the homage they might have paid to a demi-goddess. When two years ■ had gone society was shocked, or pretended to be • shocked, by the sudden'and- mysterious disappearance of the husband. For some time it had been rumored that the young wife and the aged husband did not live in perfect concord and peace. It was said that he was jealous of her and that she avoided him as much as possible; and it was further said that he had acquired the taste for opium., ... . • In the autumn of that same year Mr. and Mrs. Fenwick went, abroad and travelled through' Spain. One day Martin Fenwick went out alone, saying he was going for a stroll and would not be long; but ne. never came back again.; He disappeared as effectually as if the earth had opened and swallowed him, and every effort since then to trace him had failed. At the time of his disappearance they'were staying at a place called Andorra, in the province of Andorra, in the north of Spain,'and at the foot of the. Pyrenees. The lady returned home " disconsolate and broken-hearted," and for twelve months she virtually shut herself up. At first the sup position1 was that Fenwick had wandered into the mountains and been murdered, but 110 proofof. this was forthcoming. - -His strange disappearance, as may be- supposed, caused a sensation' for a' time. So far as known there was not tlie slightest reason whyhe should have voluntarily absented himself, and" so it was generally supposed that he had fallen amongst brigands and been murdered for the sake of the property he carried about with him. Acting on this supposition the Spanish authorities' made, or pretended _ to make, enquiries, but they resulted in_nothing. That is, no trace was foiind to justify the belief in foul ; play. And yet it was most difficult to understand bow in the face of the reward of £500 Mr. Fenwick had never been found, for he was a-distinguished-looking man, and the wide publicity given, to the affair would surely have led to his being recognised by some one sooner or later. : But more than a year had gone by and not a sign had appeared that he lived. And so; after her long seclusion, the very handsome and wealthy young widow once/more took her place in society, looking if possible handsomer and more, .radiant than ever. The so-called society papers made much of the little inci dent. Sne was spoken of in terms of the most flattering adulation; and she was the subject of a good deal of commiseratory writing owing to her '.'unhappy position," as it was termed. Blessed with wealth, beauty, and, youth she had to endure enforced widowhood. ; For while it appeared to he morally certain that her husband was dead no scrap' of legal evidence could be'produced to establish _ it. Nevertheless one of the society paragraphists ventured to assert with the audacriy and impudence peculiar to "society journalism" that there was reason to suppose Mrs. Fenwick contemplated entering again into the state of matrimony in spite of the risk she would run by so.doing in the event of its heipgproved that the* first husband was still alive. This penny-a-liner went further and said that the favored man was one of the gilded_ youths upon whom fortune had smiled. His name was not mentioned, but. he was described as being singularly handsome,' wealthy, and the prospective heir to a baronetcy. Of course this twaddle was in keeping with the backstairs, gossip upon which journals of that class live; nevertheless having regard to the lady's position and the romance and mys tery • associated with her life, it was quoted far and wide and was not contradicted by the lady,'her friends, or her legal adviser. Some few weeks later there called upon'me oiie morning a lady who was 110 longer young. Slie introduced herself as "Mrs.. Henrietta Morrison," and. gave me to understand that she was a widow ; her husband, General Morrison, having been.dead some years. " My object in coming to you is a somewhat strange one," she began, ."and I confess.I feel in a delicate position.. But I may at once tell you that I am the sister of Mr. Martin Fen wiclc, whose" mysterious disappearance caused such a sensation little more "than a year ago. Perhaps I shall seem to you- very foolish and perhaps you will smile when I tell you that twice I have dreamed in the most vivid way that my dear brother is dead and that he was brutally murdered. But putting - aside the dream I feel absolutely certain that he cannot be" in the land of 'the' living (or -lie would.have . communicated, with. me. We were the-only children of our parents and all our lives have been most devotedly attached to each other. He . was. one of the most diligent of correspondents; and he made me his confidante in most of his affairs. You are aware, of course, that for a long time, by means of public advertisements,-a reward of £500 lias been offered for any information about him.".' '' ' ■' i "Iam,"Iauswered. I "And possibly you have seen an announce ment : lately that Mrs. Fenivick actually con templates marrying again 2" . " Yes, I. haveseen that announcement, too; but probably it is merely vulgar gossip which some penny-a-liner, has seized iipon, or the in vention of a scribe hard up for copy. . But surely, madam, you ought to be in a position to know whether it is true or not, for you are the sister-in-law of the lady whose name is so much before the public." . : " I ought to be, but I am not," she answered a little hauglitily; "I have never been friendly with Airs. Fenwick. When my brother first introduced her to me I did not like her and 1 strongly advised him against the marriage. 1 pointed out that a man of his years could not, expect to have lianpiness if he allied himself to a young and frivolous woman, who was almost young enough to be his grandchild. But, of course, he would not listen to tie. Men are so pigheaded in matters of that kind and Martin1 was fascinated by his syren. Of course he married her and of, course his life was made miserable. . " I do not wish to say anything unduly harsh against.Mrs. Fenwick, but I am convinced that she never bore her husband the slightest love. She married him for . his money and his posi tion, and as was to be expected she soon grew tired' of her ancient husband. • At any rate I know he was very miserable, for lie was ex ceedingly jealous of her, and that was a canker; to. his . life. He. frequently, .remonstated with her for what ha considered; her light .conduct, and I knew that; before they started on the last Continental tour they had a serious quarrel; but lie assured me on the eveot tneu eparture that it ; had all been made up, and hat in future Gwendoline would be devoted to him. I was delighted to hear it, though 1 was afraid it was too good to be true. ... ' " In the letters that he wrote to _ine from abroad ho expressed himself as being very happy and he spolce most affectionately oi his ivife. Then his letters suddenly ceased, due to his disappearance, and since that day not a trace of him has been discovered. Now, sir, I know mybrother too-well to sujiposd for a moment that he would voluntarily hold himself aloof from all those who loved and respected him. .Except the disagree-, ments between himself and wife, there was no thing in his worldly circumstances to cause him the slightest anxiety. MTliy therefore should he have taken himself o2 ? Why should he have remained away for upwards of a year and have sent me, his loving sister, no sign that he is in the land of the living. The whole circumstance is so mysterious that 1 am determined now it shall be sifted to the bottom. 1 . "If Gwendoline Fenwick is responsible m any way of her husband's death she shall pay the penalty of her wickedness. And I want you to take the matter up and do what you can to unravel the mystery." "Have you any reason to. seriously suspect Mrs. Fenwick of being responsible for her husband's disappearance?" I asked. "I don't.like to make any rash assertions or jump to hasty conclusions," thelady answered, "and God forbid that I should do anyone an injustice. But I do_ conscientiously believe that my sister-in-law is a hollow-hearted and worldly woman. , I will say no more than that at present." ' "What was her position before your brother; married her ?" T enquired.- I " I really do not know. My brother was always very reticent on that point ; but I have reason to believe that he first met her in Wales. He was down there fishing and was staying with some friends near Xlanberis. He had not known lier very long when he married her. Of her past history I absolutely know nothing.' " Then I understand that you wish me to try and discover your brother if he is living, and if he is dead get proof of how he died ?" "Yes, that is what I wish you to do," was the answer. " But I am convinced he is not living. -Even if I was not influenced by the dream which I have dreamt twice I should still find it most difficult to believe he is alive, seeing that he has allowed a year and more to elapse without seeking to allay my anxiety.' "I have heard it said and I would ask you if there is any truth in the rumor—I have heard it said that your brother was addicted to the nseof opium?" . . . "I don't believe it," answered Mrs. Morri son, with a strong display of indignation.. "I believe it to be art absolute, downright false hood. At any rate, I never' saw anything m my brother's conduct which would justify me in thinking that it was -ever possible he would indulge in. such a pernicious habit." As I saw that she" felt, very strongly on this point I did not question her further, for after all it had no very 'great bearing on the point at issue. And as I had become very interested in the case I _promised,her. I would aeoept her commission and exert myself to get at the truth. . At this time Mrs. Fenwick was occupying a mansion in South Kensington and living m grand style. She kept quite a retinue of ser vants, and having emerged from her seclusion I learnt that she was holding receptions and giving "at homes" which_were said to be almost princely in their lavish hospitality. I felt it desirable from many points of view that I should know something of the lady's history before she was married, so I obtained from Mrs: Morrison the address of the people with whom lver brother was staying at Llanbens when he first met his ivife. They were a Man chester family , and only occupied their house in Wales during-a portion of the summer. I was enabled to discover them, however, and I learnt ultimately that Mrs. i enwick was a Miss Wilson and she occupied the position at the time Fenwick met lier of companion or attendant to two young ladies, sisters and both invalids. They, were staying at Llan beris for their health and had gonethein from Gloucester, where they 'resided. By dint of following np some slender • cues, I found out this Gloucester family. ; One of the young ladies was dead, the other informed me that Miss Wilson had been recommended to her mother by Lady Templestowe. So to Lady Templestowe I went. She was a philanthro pist and kept a home for respectably-connected orphan girls near Birmingham. _ It appeared that Miss. Wilson was the daughter of an artist who died when she was a baby. Before she was twelve she lost her mother, and being without any means of sup port the case was brought under Lady Temple stowe's notice. She interested - herself in the girl and took her into the home, where she had frequently been heard to say it was the dream of her life to be rich. She was/eight years, with Lady Templestowe, and during that time if lier conduct was not perfect there were no grounds for any serious complaint against her. Sheavas considered to bo vain and ^ambitious bevortd her station, and tobo lacking some what in sincerity. With this groundwork to go upon it was easy to build up a thrilling little romance of real life. Miss Gwendoline Wilson was an un usually pretty girl. The old soldier saw her and was smitten with her charms. "Unde terred by the inadvisability of May and Deceinber mating he married her. She saw m this marriage the means of realising, to some extent at any rate, her longings and aspira- i tions., And from relative poverty she was suddenly raised to a position of 'affluence. It was hot difficult to imagine that very soon she found' the society of her aged husband pall somewhat. Art old man may worship a young woman, but it is not often the young woman, worships the old man when the bond of matri mony links them together, and our human story is full of records of'patheticmisery that has arisen from youthi,and age joining them selves .together in wedlock. Iii Fenwick's case there were dissensions and disagreements and the happiness bf vliusb'and and ; wife was clouded. The lady being in the KeyMey of her youth wanted liberty; the man objected. In this possibly was to be - foiuid the ' key to the husband's unaccountable 'disappearance.' Having learnt so much of each of the persons concerned I felt sure that Martin Fenwick was no longer in the land of the living. Why did I think bo? may be asked. It is not always good to give reasons for one's opinions, but in this instance I may say my reasons .were , based upon the logical aspect of the affair. There was no reason which one jould_ think of or devise which would seem an intelligible one to account for Martin Fenwick deserting his wife and keeping out of the way of everybody who had known, him. If he had fallen ill anywhere, if lie had;met- with ah.accident, if he had suddenly been seized'with insanity and was detained in some asylum, information would surely have been, forthcoming during the year that had elapsed. It was impossible to think of him as living unless he had voluntarily hidden himself and there was not a ghost of a reason why he should have done that. Besides, if such had been' the case, -he must have had means to live upon. And_ I ascertained, that hisbbanking account, which was very large, had not been drawn upon since he left for the Continent. No.; Martin Fen wick was dead. X felt as sure o£ that as I felt sure of anything. And what I had to deter mine was:— First—When did he die ? v. . ' Second—Where did he meet with his end ? Third—Was his death the result of natural causes or foul play ? Fourth—What had become of his body? These were problems I set myself to work out and though a considerable time had elapsed since Martin Fenwick's disappearance I was sanguine enough to believe that I should succeed ultimately in clearing away the mystery. . . . . T ., , Before starting on my mission I waited on Sir. Fenwick's lawyers. They informed me that he had proviued very handsomely for his wife when he-first married her and that by his will he left the greater part of his fortune to ber. But in the absence of any proof of his death the estate could not be ad ministered. In reply to my question asking them for their opinions about Mr. Fenwick s disappearance tliey-said- they could not avoid coming to the conclusion'that lie was dead, for on no°otlier hypothesis could they account for his silence. They had done business for him for a great many years and he had always shown - himself to he mo.3t . precise _ and punctilious and • methodical in . his business "Was he a man of weak intellect at all?" I asked. - ■ • ; - " Oh dear, no, unless the fact of his marry ing a young girl was a'sigri of weakness of in tellect." ■ . , . "Did it ever occur to you m, your relations with him that he might suddenly go out of his mind and do something desperate?" "No, such' an idea never occurred to us. We looked upon him as a man of strong intellect and unexcitable temperament. He regarded life and all its relations from a philosophical standpoint.",' "I understand that he had frequ«nb dis agreements witli his wife." "Possibly he bad. We don't know. But we will go this far—speaking from our know ledge of him—that' any ' disagreements' that ; arose she must have been the solo cause of them. He was an exceedingly, good-natured man with a. big heart and a forgiving dis j position." . . "Onemore;question," I said, • 'and I have done. Do you know if there is any truth in the rumor that Mrs. Fenwick contemplates marrying again "Possibly she would like tp do so: mib whether she would rim the , risk or not is another tiling." '* ' ! " If she herself had very strong. grounds fpr believing lier husband, to bo dead slip would not think of the risk." - . " Well, no, we don't suppose she would." ; "And if it is true that she is thinking of re marrying it would rather tend to support the idea that she had no fear of her first husband reappearing." To this question, which. waf intentionally suggestive, the lawyers de clined to give a direct reply1 hey. were cautious and did not wish to commit them selves, but it was easy to see that behind thei* professional reserve they were.not indifferent ;, to the drift of in y. question. As I.was anxious to have some personal' knowledge of .the lady they undertook to write and ask her to call; upon them with reference to her husbands affairs. A day was fixed for the interview and it was arranged that I should be present in tha character of a clerk. Onthe daynamedshedrove up to the office in a brougham, and was duly ushered into the room of Mr. Henson, the head of the firm. I sat apart at a table, apparently deeply absorbed with some writing, 1 sat yvith m v back to the light and she was-placed so.*' thatthe light fell full upon her. As she raised . her veil I thought I had rarely seen aonore beautiful woman and yet the face was without . • the softness and winsomeness which should cr0 with feminine beauty. The blue eyes were' cold and metallic, while the lips were thin and somewhat drawu. As I studied that face anu. listened to the way. she talked! came to _the;. conclusion that though she was beautiful physically she was morally a, devil, She had. a haughty, disdainful, ironical way of speak- •; in"' that' suggested the self-reliant, strong-. • willed, and worldly nature. By prearrange- .t ment with myself, Mr.Henson referred to the •, rumors about her marriage. - • ■■ ■■■•> ■ ,««I venture to hope, Mrs. benwick, he, said "that there is no truth in the 'gossipV: about the probabilities of your marrying a°"T'am not responsible for the gossip of busybodies," she answered with a sneer. > My - affairs are my own." , t . : "Of course, pursued Mr. Henson, 10 would be rather a serious matter at present it, ■■ you entered into another alliance in the ab sence of any proof of your husbands death. : " Oh, I am perfectly aware of that. ■. -But i don't think there is much hope of Mr. Fen-. • yvick's ever turning up again., ^ Why do you think so?' asked Henson ^Because I feel convinced in my own mind that he is dead. He was not the man.to. have remained silent if in the land °f the living 44Then may I take it for granted, wick," remarked the lawyer, that the. rumors about your contemplated marriage are false V . • The lady straightend her figme a-little as sne sat on- the chair and with a haughty disdain displaying itself on her pretty face she answered—: "Mr. Henson, I decline to enter on any . discussion about a matter which affects myself . alone. As I have already said, I cannot be ., held responsible for the gossip that people who scribble for the society papers pick up in-the - ^Inthis caustic remark, and. the manner of . .' riving utterance to it, she displayed- a gooct deal of character and showed that she had con siderable strength of mind and self-will. _ . . As you ssy/3 replied 3VIr. Henson, a littls . drvlv, "the matter is one which affect^your-;.,:■ self "alone. If you choose to comimt what,-, would at the present juncture of- affairs be technically construed as bigamy the conse quences would be on your own head, and you could not lay the blame at anyone s door. •: - The lady looked annoyed. ; Her cold rblue eyes flashed up with an angry light and her pretty face was disfigured by a scornful, cynical, sneering expression as she said . " And supposing I. did commit what you are pleased to term technical bigamy. You would - iave to prove beyond all doubt t^t husband is living before any legal action, could ■ betaken. Is that not so. j. ...... "It is, certainly." / k "Very well then," - she answered nuth a triumphant •. decisiveness, as though, she. was; ; perfectly conscious of being m a safe. position ; "if the trossips should turn out to be true and . I commit a bigamous marriage as you calliff when the bigamy is proved I will accept the . consequences without a murmur. • ? - , . There was something very defiant m ffer. manner as she said this, as though she was perfectly convinced her position was an abso lutely* unassailable one. Mr. Henson dicl.not continue the argument, hut discussed certain business matters, and in a little yvliile Mrs. Fenyvick drove away. ■ . ., , . «> „„-i' -1 "What do you think of the lady, asked Henson, when she had gone. , . . • " She is very worldly,5 I answered. "What does that mean?' - ... - . "It means that I think she capable 01 almost anything." . „ T -, .. •/' . "Even murder, I eonoea. . ; "Even murder?' yvhispered the lawyer.un te Two day skater I was on my yvayto Andorr.-q yvhich I reached in due course.. The State.of , Andorra is a yvild and picturesque district on the southern sideof the Central Pyrennees. The little town of Andorra is an ancient town and. the capital of the State, yvhich is an indepen dent one, although it is squeezed_up, asufc were, between France and Spam. _ Geographi cally it is Spanish, but the Andomans have for centuries preserved their independence._ Wild . and magnificent as the country round aboutiis is . very rarely visited by the tourist,-mpi: does" the place . afford ,any aecom^atiqn ;; for- visitors. • .Naturally, therefore,; I* myself why Mi. and Mrs. Fenwick-had elected to go there? I found quarters at the houBe of the mayor, where the. Femvichsvhad. also: stayed, together with .Mrs. Iqmvicks maid, described to me bv the mayor-,as . a young and good-looking Frenohyvoman, yvho was called Josephine. - , . -?•-•. A During the first few days of their stayvthe Fenwicks went about a. great deal and Air., Fenwick yvas enthusiastic yyhen he talked of the wild and magnificent scenery. A fortnight ,1 ♦ "a.Tw- T?r>-n-rii-ir>V onn .TnSfinnUlS after Two hours later Fenyvick himself went out. . B v-and-bye the two women retumed'home ana - expressed astonishment at the husband s absence. They said they expected , hays. . met him and they seemed to get very uneasy . when evening came and he was still absent. The night passed and.there was no sim ™ him. Hi such a wild country,nothing, could be- . done in the darlmesAvWhen mornpig *am|. Mrs. Fenivick appeared rimost aistractea and • . she urged that a search should he made for her missing Husband. .For .several days ;men - were out, but no trace of the missing man was ,.; discovered. And when all hope seemed to have gone the lady and the maud left. i. I asked the mayor what his opinion of ttip affair was. He shrugged his shoriders and. de clined to commit himself to anything defimte. He said English people were, very eccentric • , Mr. and Mrs. Fenyvick appeared to be at variance with each other-and the mayor aid , not think the young wife'was1 as kind to her husband - as she ought to. have been. The mayor had done his best to get some trace of rim, but had failed. Of course he had confined his enquiries entirely to his own country. But Mr. Fenivick, if he was bent«n deserting hi| , wife, might have crossed the_ frontier and got into France or Spain. Indeed it yv^, the mayor's oyvn belief, that he had gone to Spam. ■ And some enquiries bad been made byUhe ; Spanish authorities, hut I have already stated nothing had resulted. ■ ; ' , When the visitors had left him. the mayor found in. the room then had occupied-alew:: odds and ends and which he did not think or . any consequence. There was a bit _ of paper with some writing on it, hut as be did not read , English he could not understand it. He kept the things, however, and now produced /them ^ for my inspection. He had them m a cigar? , box, which he brought fortb from- an old • cabinet. Iii the box yvas an odd stud for th© shirt front. It had been picked up on the floor. There was a little ivory powder and puff ■ box suoh as ladies sometimes carry, about with them. There was a lace handkerchief : and some pieces of frilling, also a smaU_ gold • stamp for stamping sealing- wax.: These things . had no significance and were pmy of trifling value. But there was something that to my r mind yvas deeply significant. On a sheet of , notepaper,- which bore Mr. Fenwicks crest , and motto, was written these lines-- - "We are going out for a, stroll. As you yvere sleeping we did . not like to wake you. , But if you wake before we • are, haCK .come. • and meet ns. We are going towards* theWal - • d'Urdino. . - ' " GwENDp-k.;.:'.;. This note, so the mayor said, had been picked under the bed in the room occupied by' the Fenyvicks after they had^gone. - The ■ meaning it had for me was . asleep, as the note stated. Frobablyhe hadj.. drugged himself or been drugged by his wile. - The mayor said that the ^English gentleman ', used to take something yvhich made him very dull and stupid, and in the cigar-box with the > odds and ends was aphial which had evidently contained opium. On awakening he found the note which his yvife had yyritten, went to the. Val d'Urdino, which I was informed by/my ■;. host yvas a very lonely and wild region. And 1 having been lured there he was-murdered. . Keeping this vieyv to myself for the time • being I started off to visit .the valley. , Near the entrance to it is a smgu- . larly yvild and romantic' gorge,- the sides * of which' consist of broken and' precipi- . tous rocks, yvitli here and there .patches of i dense forest. It is dark and weird and a tur- ■ • bulent stream forces its way riong-through tortuous channels and masses of debris that have fallen from the rocks above. As l stood at the entrance to this ravine it seemed tame ' strangely suggestive of murder. Now there were two tilings yvhich were placed'beyond dispute. The first yvas that a note was m exis tence yvlioreby it yvas clear Mr. Fenyvick had been induced by his wife to go to the valley.' Secondly, ho never returned. How was it his wife failed to meet him, supposing that she had,r been desirous of doing so ? • Andorra is only a,, small village and there is but one road by yvhich the Entrance to the valley caU :.be ■ The inore I studied the matter the more that •; short note penned by Mrs. Fenwick seemed to ; me to be pregnant with a terrible meaning* - The independent State of: Andorra -is, , roughly speaking, about as large as the Isle.', of tWighty:, yvitli a relatively sparse population; *Oh;tha French and Spanish frontiers are .Custom- i puse. .posts, and it would be almost impoaiy » ' / «8ibIo'ioE a'stranger tocross.mto either/country //without/its »boing;knowii./'-Tf.'Hcmviek, after . awakomng/from- his sleep, hart had anj sserious.zuntentioii . of - deserting his.: wife he. fiwoulcbhardlyhavelefb all his belongings.be 'ivhmd^him:-: When-/ lie went forth from the ;-liouse'.;lie was,/ according: to the mayor's testi :-.-.inonyi -/clad- .in ordinary.:walking . costume. -' Goulrtrthere ba any reasonable doubt that the /--note-left for lnm by his wifo had been lead by him,'arid having fallen to the floor it had been /•'kicked/inadvertently, under the bed? Hound :'.there:when/tlie visitors had gone, it had been v.-keptfor-more than a-year in an old .cigar-box iHijrtMmayor, and was; now presented. to me ■i'as-an-rinyportant- factor-in-.the problem-1, nas ''-trying' tdf solve. .-In such a small place how was it-Mrs Fenuiokandhei mnd had failed t'6'aheeti-Fenwick ? > Could/ tliero be any answer todhis othei than that they did not i, ant to <'■lheethiih/-*'■ lie;/ in compliance with the request \- /ihade'bvrhis wife^ 1 lad gone to the gloomy -and lonely alley Did ho evei come fo.th -gam /ffdmifi'I was prepared to stake my existence s orivthis/answer.that suggested use]f to me. That :- answerwas "No." -. . .. v : questioned the mayor very closely as. to ■'-what hehad done 111 his endeavors to trace the /- missing miui and I inferred from what lie told ■'-^me'-Vthiit'-'wliatever had "been: done had. been doiaeiin " ar.very • perfunctory, way • and ho did not, or pretended not, to regard the mattei at C all'-ih 'a senous light;/.- But I impressed upon -\him --tbat -its.seriousness, could not be - over rated and I asked if he was piemied to make /-.-.strenuous efforts, to arrive at the truth... lie ' ftssured me'-that lie-was,, for. lie said that lie \- saw riowllie-Teputation ot the little lepubhc was 'af -stake. T may mention here that the -'/-Anddrrians axe-steeped to the lips 111 supeisti-. ■/ tian ~and" I-endeavored to trade upon this ■"•m-my-- efforts to-read the riddle and to fall "'-back'upon a simple and well-loiown device. , The Val d UTdmo w as inhabited bv a few charcoal burners and woodcutters Iso^ted " and-ignorant, - as they were. they,, were, little, -/ better than barbarians.. T asked. the. ma) oi to -sinii moil, these people-to assemble in the xown TT-jll of Andorra oil a ceitam day lie was then "to tell them that there v eio giounds for supposing/that- the Englishman, ! enwicic, Lad /s heen-murdered, in their valley and that they \- must-* know- something about it. .But 111 ordoi to, ' put tli en" innocence to the toA they .would be rgjmred to pass before / the mayor "and .as they did so eveiy man would have, to, .dip his ' diand-in'/abasin of new milk. Tf they .were all, -'innocent the milk .would undergo no change. But- if a man, guilty of having shed the 'Fnglishman-s- blood,,dipped ■: his: hand, in the milk-it would turn red. , e' ; , :z.' " To ithis -scheme the / mayor was at first v-strongly-opposed. -But after a time he yielded z / tb jinylargumeiits and .having..taken., counsel with-the.chief priest it was. decided- that tile, /-ceremony, should/be. cariied. out. with ciue ■' -/ sblemmtv.i- - All unaware of what was "required of-them;tlie inhabitants of the valley duly ap "•peafed-iji-7answer to tlio mayors summons. A'iseini-religious and military character was giveiLto the affair by the presence of severaf ; priests'ahd/half tho /local: force' of gendarmes. | jrhe -'.-iniiabitants,-. ■: including ,-\ women - and /. :• children, ■ numbered thirty,- eleven of. them ■being.men—low-browed, - swarthy, beady-eyed i looknig , fellows, dressed in a semi-barbarous / /•butpicturesque/costume." • Attired in his robes wofpffice'and seated on his dais theinaybr made ://khoivn-tt to 'Them.' vviiat - was required: At' first they^expressed strong indignation and it v-'sequied , as if they were disposed/ to iresent /-//the; /imputation- that- -the - ordeal implied; / But/the show.of- force around awed.tliem into /-. subjection. -' "Besides,", exclaimed tho'ihayor? -/: "if r-.j'du". are 'innocent .-what - need • joji!rfear. -: aTEtie <5rcleal is certain.' -Innocence cannot' affect ; 'thg milk 'and .when you.liave suhmitted, to .the ■/• test' this'/monsieur /' (meanings me) ■ " will ae -.' pattoaiid*" tell-lus countrymen , that -wei are //-nbtiSthere/and: that the lives of 'strangers are > sacred amongst us. ' .■/.-•v The argument told. The chief priest offered ;/ ■-u]i'a^pray&fririd;/blestThe riiilk iri tlio presence . z of, the assembly." Then the: men began: to file ' - past slowly arid as each man -passed - the .bowl, . : .wfiich was set on a pedestal in front., of- the • T/'dnis, 'lie'dipped his. hand- into the, milk. . All did- thlsubut two—win: old. man and his son. '' Wherefore • do you • hold - back, Guicino ?'' • defiiauded''tlie'mayor, sternly addressing the old _mau, . whose parchment-like face wore a . darlcj hfierce hscowl. ' Then': Guicino , glanced . nervously round and-stepping forward apace .. or two/lie began' to denounce. --the • prbceedmgs '. m> violent' language,. 'averring-: thq.t -• the. whole /. tiling was-an insult: to him arid his . neighbors and with: an oith lio .vowed tliat neither he nor his sonwould' submitto.i£, .Atfa sign:from ■ : the'm'ayor;these/ two- men were, seized amidst the shrieks and screatris of the. vy.omen . and a / ■. general^ sciene of ? confusion - arid; riproar.'.. The \- two'meri were at once marched off/ to gaol and z/.'thBhall was cleared. /. /•"../. f u >.-'-5The prisoners vvere..told' that if they f sub :t. niitte'd-'.tbi;th"e test' aricf tbe- niiUi . did-uot turn V. reel' they/ would at once' be, set; free. /But ;•■: lieatlier father nor • sou' would consent, .and .-they.'/.both "called- dowh -the.- verigeaiice' . of . heaven on those who dare' to accuso them 'of. -■sheddmg - the foreigner's -blood. .. This, - of -.cohrse^didr not- deter, the-, authorifes . from donig ■ iheir duty,- - and - no , mmo. was / lost - in /: ■ sear ciririg - ■' Giiicino's - -house vi-ii. .-"the -.Vol d'-Urdino. ,:.TIie search resulted 111 finding,.a , 'pair.- of .-gold-rmimed eye-glasses, 'three for foiir -i./.gdld 'pngSj'/.some - gold .shirt. studsi^ndf a . ? valuable '-gold ; chronometer - watcli,.; on. the . • mher case of which - was/an lnscriptioii . set . / .ting, forth That ./the watch had: been; 'yEre ^ehted/i't'o' Martin • Eenwick. " Esq.; • by * a /iiiiimber ,of friends' and welbwishers l-'on - the \- ocSasiori- of-liis marriage with .Miss / Gwendo/; : .lirrez Wilson;/' This was a/ damaging piece of / evidence against the- Guicmos, but- they-hotli / preserved" a -sullen silence at first;/Thbugli /./-afterwards, they swore that they found the vyatch aiid other things in the valley... ' /.,/ ,.r : ; '-Tjegahproceduro in such cases in Andorra-is •-•7'-V'yMX-'l'different.-,to -what-- it is-with nsl, .. " sorier /lias - to submit to all sorts of judicial ..examinations and if.lie-is guilty.lie'must be . /.very-clever iiideed if he fails to incriminate : /himself. / - Moreover, anyone who may in the ; 'fairitrist possible degree be suspected, of haying .: arfy'.knowledge ot; a crime • may be . arrested. =:■ Aiidfiri ?this instance the mayor tlireat'enedTp put .cveryono of the inhabitants of the Wal .d'Hrdiho into1 rzaol if lie failed to state what d'llraitib ;hlto!gaplif he:kriew.V-' This-high;handed and ;, arbitrary prbbeecliiig /had ' its . effect, fpr some of : the • heiglibofs .-of the prisoners." confessed that at / ftthe: time; of-the Englishniaii's disappearance • tbe '-.Gmcinos were known' to. have suddenly betomo rfich and -, the/ elder. Guicino paid off. a .■ mortgage that was on liis-little property in /,tlieH;alley,.' ' ' •' "'"'/f'/"'- ■■ : .-'-i • •7 So.gradually the evidence was accumulated V-'toiyd strerigthened against the prisoner until ~ there,could not• be a "reasonable doubt enter • tnaried that they had murdered Fen wick; arid af last/ when' they found that the truth could AoTonger be -concealed1 they confessed that : / .they./had"/been:/bribed heavily bj7 Josephine, / the Frerichvvoman', to -kill liim. He was lured ' to" the- gorge;I -have -referred :to and- then . Guicino arid-Ins-son stabbed liim to death and \- -buriedl-liis .body-in a' vvood/at a spot ivliich th'ey indicated:X,:../ //: ./: ,/' -/ There", the" authorities"dug;and- foririd-tlie ■ mortal remains.df'pbor;Mr:-Feiivyick. \- - . Armed-vvith/these-factsT returned to Lon / dqn-an'd;'placed"tliem,before'I\Iessrs.:/Henson) i • /Bdrthwick,; arid jSTethersol, / who;decided: ,that it' woiiid-; he?'-'hettef--'not/ to* take .any,-action /. //-atramst'1 .Gwendoline: Fenwick until the maid Josephine_was found: . It was not a difficult , thlug--to':, discover- that her surname, iwas .. Marceti/arid my effbrts were next, directed to finding-' out vvhat.had become of her.: Uearnt .' ;thatTshe'had-heen with Mrs.- Fenwick/about \- la^year-wberi' they/ went to: Spain, arid-'though ^ she-returned-to London with-her mistress she 'only stayed.a few weeks and then left.-saying -/,she --wasgoing to-Paris to he married;: ■ Every means we could think/ of were -taken- to try. ■ , and: capture . her, but... without result. She • - vmrinaged to elude the sleuthhounds oE / iustiee aridraf last Airs. Eenwiek was1 arrested on/a : - warrant 'pn/a charge of having been acces ■/ -sory-v- to i her---husband's murder. She .was >-.taken: one afternoon at i her: grand-.house and . so,-unexpected - was. it that she . was dumb ' foriridered. -From-the'first- it vvas- seeu that /: .-the-';case wasa -peculiar and- complicated /v /one./'.-fbr • in • the - sworn/ evidence, of the // 'Guieinbslthey-only implicated, the French r; maid Josephine Marcet; Of course Josephine : was but /the creature of her mistress, and there / / is ;noodoubt. .she- hadvheen, very:handsomely paid'to liold-her: tongue and -keep- out oE: the -,;:way.A -Mrs. Fen wields devilish-- artfulness was ■ -.-well .illustrated in the way she had managed ■- z/.to;keep)in" tlie background and make at-tool .-of •/ /her/servanfr/jand asvwas feared from,the-.first -/v ricr case.would lie against her; She.was there • fore: discharged from custody. ■ The death of •; her. husband being-placed beyond doubt, his • executors proceeded, to. administer his estate, : and- when/the ,wretched- widow /had obtained -.. possession--, of all ! sho was entitled to and . realised-.her property, she disappeared and was ; > heardVoL no. more._ //I; have t reason to believe : she went.'to Spanish-America, and was fol -• lovved; by man with' whom- she had had an ina-igue.- - _ _ . : Of/the Guicinos,; against whom.the murder -:/ was blearIjr-proved, - the sou was coudemned to , a' lifelong, imprisonment, while the old mail -..was! executed in the,manner peculiar to the ; country", perhaps the : only country where such a mode., of putting- a criminal to death is in , /Existence.-; iTliatis. he was led bh'ndfolded to . the"edgezoff a,.terrible- paecipice, and in the /• presence.of. a large concourse of spectators was hurlpd .over the precipice.bv the public execu tioner; /-. It vis "much,,to t be- regretted that the \- chief/instigator of the abominablo.crime should ■ -haVe/escapedjthe .penalty.- of ,-lier. wickedness. :. ButvtKereT/is a.vengeance.greater- than that of "i man/i which /qiursueth the- evildoers; and no -■ dofibt-the two woriien found out long ago that \- happiness for;them in,this world,had fled for eyigr.i . . . • " • /jSoteibydhe Aiithor.^-lliirderers ' in Andorra arc : still.put, to:death'm the way described, but as the btileJlepubJiciis' singularij7 free from serious crime executions are rare. 