Local Government. When fixst writing upon local govern ment, as put for the fifth, time before Parliament, we remarked that local government was an excellent thing to talk about. In this respect local government occupies the same position as federation, and civil service reform. Federation is a very great subject for eloquence, hut some of those who are most diffuse on the matter have a certain lurkingconseious ness that they are in reality nobodies vpho -would stand little show in a federal parliament. They are, there fore, a great deal more ready to talk than to act. Civil service reform, is the same — a certain amount of general popularity can he had by urging retrenchment and the cutting down of large salaries 5 a more useful kind of quiet fame can he acquired by a member who is known to be a- good man for working constituents into billets. The local government question is siuiilar to the civil service ques tion and is also connected with it. The connection is this : If there were local government there would be .1.^ W ^-X X^J. V J-L *J\SA. V UlULVkJ UU^VL VAJ.VLO a_^ IT ^-.L 9^-^M. lets to be distributed by parliamentary patronage. In the same way, too, local government would relieve from, central control the -making of roads and bridges, and thus would prevent any member retaining support by raving about retrenchment in public and ghosting the Works Department in private. - It is on the widely scattered -works that the horde of inspectors, architects, surveyors, &c;, &c.;, are employed, and therefore a man who is against local government can hardly be sincere about civil service reform. But if the truth be told, not a quarter of the members who have talked about local government and civil service reform are sincere about either. Perhaps they can. hardly be expected to be, for if members could not tout for works for their con stituencies and billets for their constituents they might have to justify the * retention of their seats by legislative ability only, and pertinacity in touting is much more common and . more easily acquired than legislative ability. This simple fact explains why federation has hung fire so long, why there- have been so many ineffectual commissions on the civil service, and why five Local Government Bills are waste paper. Honorable gentlemen are enthusiastic in 'a secondary eort of way about many things — about land value taxation, ' about democracy, about freetrade or protec tion. But 'the first place in the affec tions of a very large number is occu pied by the system that, enables them to keep a good hold on their constituencies. How else ;can a certain phenomenon in conneetion Islth the 'flefunct Jjocal (^verninent Bill be accounted i 'for ? On AprijL 17 nnimprpved land; ^ value taxation ( had a .great triumph in -Hpoiinection j W'lth TloCal- : government. 'Tfae^ ^a-rt5san^ ;:iof 0^^p^-'^ot^-tak^ ation i'anatoaged to get together a crufehing' majority against an -amendment by Mr. Reid, which re stricted the number of cases in which the syetem could be applied in regard* i» ^tnunicigalities. Last night »*a number of the same ' gentlemen who had succeeded in thus ygiying' ''???iwi::: impetus to wnat w-as professedly ? their favorite principle l^r&y;^civist. principle and local govern ment together by giving a vote whieh they Were told beforehand would be fatal to the Local Government Bill. Of the other slayers' of $he ' Local' Oovernmesit Bill the legulai ^Oppo sition notoriously -hod ? no x&pl; love for the ~ sausdi^ed «cueiue o£ ' one man one vote ' suffrage which the Labor men were endeavor ing to introduce into municipal affairs. They only voted for it in the hope of turning out the Government. The Labor men were in the abstract con vinced enough about ' one man one vote,' but voted for it in the hope that they would... not beat the Government. How : sorry they were that thejr had endangered the duration of Parliament and KIi£hy» r\txm aal 91MAC2 thott na -iiiilryof? nw their subsequent explanations, and by a Government that had just been de feated by five being immediately afterwards able to defeat a motion of want of confidence on the voices. Probablytthe Government as well is not sorry to have lost its Local Government Bill. It is relieved from the embarrassment of proposing two land taxes and has excuses for not being too urgent in retrenchment — works are still centralised. Certainly politics constitute a curious comedy There will be a general feeling of satis faction at the announcement that a Royal Commission is to be appointed to in quire into the Dean case. The be lief that in instituting- such an in quiry the Executive has adopted the right course, is certainly not incompatible with the strongest convictions as to the pro priety of avoiding, as far as is humanly pos sible, any interference with the regu lar administration of the law. Bat this is altogether an exceptional occa sion. The strictest interests of justice itself, dependent as they are to so large an extent on the' maintenance of public respect and confidence unimpaired, demand such a re-opening of this strange .case as is now about to take place. No Government indeed not utterly wanting in a sense of its duties and responsibilities could ignore the fact that the outcry raised with regard to the conviction of Dean was very different from a mere sur face ebullition of popular clamor. The whole country has been profoundly stirred through some of the circumstances which have so unfortunately attended the case. As it stands now nothing need be said further than the expression of an earnest hope that, whatever may ba the final ae cision with respect to it, those doubts and misgiving with which the com munity has been so widely and so painfully agitated, will at last* be set at rest one way or another. Whatever conclusions may be come to con cerning the Government and the .Local Government Bill, there is one point upon which all parties will doubtless agree. A discreditable practice has of late years been cultivated which has tended to undnly exalt the nominee branch of the Legislature at the expense of the representative House. The tendency hes been for majorities in the Assembly to acquiesce in objectionable or im practicable measures in the hope that they will be either modified or rejected by the Council. Mr. Eeid has uttered a firm and most practical protest against this practice. He objects to having the representative House made dependent npon the Council. ? It was open for the Government to have swallowed the to thfem objectionable amendment of Mr. Watson, and to have looked to the Council for protection against the dangerous innovation contained in that amendment; but the Premier plainly told the House that he would be no party to so discreditable a proceeding. He insisted on the principle that the Government should be responsible for suck measures as it introduced into the Assembly, and that it should not send to the Council measures of which it disapproved. The check thus administered to an unwhole some practice has come late, but that is better than never. Mrs. Wolstenholme's reference, in a letter which will be found elsewhere, to some of the opinions expressed by the Christian Fathers on the subject does not in the least weaken the broad fact that the spine 01 me umristian teacmngs punned and exalted the idea of woman. A low conception of her part in the great drama of humanity was simply irreconcilable with the Christian picture of the mother of Jesus Christ. 'Westward the course of Empire takes its way.'* So far as. that course is to be associated with the ' Eastern question' the famous poetical dictum, temporarily at least, has been very much revc-rsedj It is certainly true, as toinebody recently remarked, that the centre of interest as respects that question is rather to be sought for in Pekin than in Constanti nople just now. According to the latest news, the terms arranged by China and Japan, or, as. it would be more correct to say, dictated by Japan, are very likely to bring a more redoubtable enemy face to face with the Mikado's warriors than the Chinese proved themselves to be. Russia, we are told, is making preparations to mobilise her army and navy in the Bast. AH leave,.it is added, has been stopped to troops on furlough in the Amoor xesion. The opinion embodied in the same cablegram of the ' Times ' correspondent in Japan that tbe situation is a very grave one,, would' undoubtedly eeem to be war ranted by such particulars as are given respecting the movements of the Russians. From what has been already stated as to the attitude of .the Japanese by other near observers, it is hardly to be imagined that they will be over, awed 1 by . the warlike . preparations of Euusia, and cede to a mere show of force on Jier part. On the contrary, it is likely enough that they may be ready to measure their strength with her. They may even per enade themselves that tbpy wonldbeat her as certainly, if not quite as easily, as they beat aBh1na.',V-.5iey were described the other day as intoxicated with their recent victories. ' Even in the case of European nations, intoxi- ; cation from a similar cause has sometimes been near skua to 'national madness. The moodmay 'well be a much more violent and extravagant one wher« Orientals axe concerned, especially Orientals xrho are' firmly convinced that they are now past masters In -that art through which Western ^civilisation used to present itself to them in its most formidable ehape. Should they really enoounter BnBsia, one of the moBt interesting, nerhaps the zno-t mnmminna .nf All &litt; nndilAmn wiijnli 41-aba latter years of the 'nineteenth uentury have raised -will i* partiaHy solved. Should the Japanese, If pitted against Bussian sailors ana, Jsolaiers, exhibit endH prowess, or anything like* at, as they did when gating the Ohintoe, a sew chapter in the -world'* Malory will Isegln. 'Prom 'ihe correspondence between^ Mr. Kingston and.Hr. Tnrner touching the South Australia-New Zealand reciprocity treaty, the Victorian Premier seems to have retired with the honors of war. Mr. Tnrner hints that his South Australian brother, with regard to a matter in which he was approached in a spirit of courtesy, ias been at once illogical, acrimonious, and long-winded. There is quite enough of truth in these charges to give them point. Mr. Turner was as decidedly right in his main contention that the arrangement -which South Australia, was making with New Zea land, if it was . not actually putting another obstacle in the way. of federation, was, at any rate, not helping it in the least. Such ? a fact was - not in the least affected by Mr. Kingston's references to i the narrow and selfish spirit which had been ex hibited in Victoria when protection abso. Intel v mind ttie Vinnr. And as reerardd Mr. Kingston's share of the .correspondence, it had evidently been drawn up in contempt of ihe idea that brevity may be often the soul of common sense as it is proverbially said to be that of wit. ? 