In a Monster's Jaws. Btixring Adventures with Lions in the Hottentot Country. The Wondorful Strength of the King ot Beasts - Sensations of a Hon Who Vu Carried Half a Kile Between tbe Teeth of a Huge Brute. While trapping lions in the Hottentot I country for the Hamburg animal house I had opportunities for seeing the king ot beasts at Lis best and tor making close ob servations of his traits of character writes a correspondent. We were once camped in a grove on the bank of a creek, our party numbering over thirty people. The bank on other fide was rocky ground, pretty thickly covered with scrub, and right on the brink stood one of the largest lions I ever saw. He was out in full view, head and tail up, and stood so still for a moment that I doubted If be was alive. We had a new milch cow tied to the wheel of one of the waggons, and the Hon advanced to within thirty feet of her and then made a spring which landed him fairly upon her back. She fell in a heap, and he seized her by the neck, gave her two or three shakes, which broke the grass rope arou:.d her head, and then he got his right ebonlder under her and started off. The cow weighed at least lire bond red pounds, bat he carried herwith perfect cue, her hind feet dragging on tUe ground. At the creek be made a jump of eleven feet, ascended a eloping bank without a bait, and soon disappeared in the broken ground with his prey. He was gone before we bad a gun ready. About four months later, on the Orange! Kiver, I bad 9 close call for my life, with no one at hand to aid me by distracting the at-] tention of the lion. | bad only one white man with me, and be was ill of fever. We' had dug a pit on a path frequented by lions; coming down to drink, but were mucb aimoyed by other animals falling into it. On the first night, after the natives had driven several oSeless animals away, . large! lion and lioness came down the path. When "iscovMod the lion via ahead, but be1 got the scent of my men, who were stationed I 'n**»®»*ud stopped short to growl and I ants, while the lioness, who was perhaps !domxft!to&' 'lowij went ! The pit was two miles from OUT camp, and | we heard nothing sf the row which took j place wbea the (Ion discovered the trick 1 Pi?* ,°® He tore round i « then lay down at the Coot' of the tret and besieged the men. As soon1 1 J8 dayKght X left camp on horseback i:L£fe?w.and Me what lock. I rode to the place, and when within forty, rods called to the men. They answered at once, and though I oould not make out what! _ J Jfjd I k°®w they were excited over something. I was riding around a clump oi> trees on to an open space, when my house' suddenly started. Kext instant I was on the the lion standing over me* and I) could bear the horse tearing away through i the scrub like mad. The lion had pulled me i down, tearing the back out of my coat, Test J and shirt, but not drawing blood with bis] claws. I As in the previous case, I was not fright-' cuedf because it had occurred so suddenly that I had not time to lose my nerve. I was on B*de, bareheaded, and the lion stood for a moment with his paw on my right shoulder looking after the horse. The natives saw the fleeing horse, knew very well what had happened to me, and at ence| descended the tree and made for camp. I did not blame them, and perhaps that very' action saved my life. I had time to collect! my thoughts in that sfingle minute, and, asXi had routed one lion by barking like a dog, I decided Ao follow the <same plan in tbiB case.. But, as I said at the beginning, lions are as' unlike as men. At mfr first bark this fellow growled savagely and gave me a terrible bite in the hip. Bad I cried out at that or made. any struggA he wooig have finished me at; «ice. I repressed my feelings And played , dead. I had a re solver strapped to my back, but it would not do to reach for it. After biting me the lion watched and waited foi signs of life, and when he could detect nous he seized my right* shoulder In his teeth, i gave mc a shake and a twist, and nest ' moment 1 was being carried off on his back« His teeth did not /touch my flesh, and as I i lay almost across him 4>n my . side my hand ; struck the butt of} the revolve?'. I had it' out of the holstec in a second,< and then I; felt I had a show* Whether ttie beast felt any movement nr not he growled at in tervals, aud hie breath came back on me so strong that 1 was nauseated. I intended to fire into him aa he carried me along, 'but he was swaying about so that I dared not risk' it \ After carrying me ialf-a-mile through the' scrub and offer broken ground the lion halted at the heati of the ravine, in which he doubtless ted bis lair* He turned about as if to aee if pursuit had been made, and the muzzle of the pistol came against his left bip. I fired at once, and the next fnstant was flung in a heap on the earth, while the lion uttered a scream ot pain. I WAS on my knees in a flash, but the beast was ten feet fV&jt; going round fei circles and biting at the wound. He cfyjd not notice mp in the least, and 1 sent ftBftther bullet in hint just back of the shoulder. He uttered another scream, and instead of rushing at me, as I fully expected, made a leap into the ravine, and I could hear him running for some dis« tauce. I was badly shaken up, but I lost no time in getting out of the neighborhood, and. in the course of an hour reached camps Neariv everybody was out looking for me/ See now how inconsistently that lion .acted.' He came out, into the open ground and charged the fjftrty of over twenty men, al» though they Jaad not disturbed him. He hM run from mt in his surprise, and now felt ashamed o£ himself. He knocked over a, native as he charged, but was riddled With bullets, and'gave op the ghost. 