The Political Campaign. SPEECH BF MR. SMITH. A ROWDY~MEETING. Last evening Mr. Sydney Smith addressed a meeting from the biloony of Banfield'e hotel, lower Keppel-street, -when there was a fair attendance. From the first it was seen that a small knot of those present were bant on doing their utmost to prevent the speaker having a fair h-aring, he being fre quently interrupted by cat-calls, groans, and sense leB3 questious. On one or two occasions the disorder was so great that the proceedings had to be stayed, and repeated appeals for fair play were disregarded. In Bpite, however, of these interruptions Mr. Smith managed to deliver a telling speech in support of bis views. The Chairman (Mr. A. Q. Thompson) said that one reason he had for appearing there was that he desired t* have returned to Parliament the best member that Bathurst ever had. (Applause.) Another reason was that, having considerable inte rest in this place, he had no desire to be represented bv this young gentleman Mr. Fitzgerald, whoever he might be. Mr. Fitzgerald had ransacked every record he could find, and had failed to discover one thing in Mr Smith's long career against him. H« raised up a ghost some 16 years old concerning what the editor of a loeal newspaper had said about Mr. Smith. But if Mr. Fitzgerald were a tactician he would see that Mr. Smith had lived down the opposition of a once bitter opponent, and now that geutleman was his most ardent supporter. (Hear, hear.) At the election during which that article was written Mr. Smith was opposed by a man who at the next contest for that electorate not only voted for him (Mr. Smith) but tramped the electo rate to help to secure his return. (Applauce.) Mr. Smith, who was greeted on his rising with applause, commenced by thanking Mr. Thompson for taking the chair. He did not wish to introduce nny prsonal matters daring the contest, but as the speech of his opponent was nearly all composed of what he (Mr. Smith) had done, he thought ht had Fome justification for showing what Mr. Fitzgerald had done. It had been arid that he was one of th« very last asked by Mr. Reid to join his Administra tion, but if they road tho accounts whioh appeared in the Sydney morninij papers they would see that he was one of the first three, if not the very first nsked to join the administration. At ail events he was honored by Mr. Reid with a seat in tho Cabi net, and they at once proceeded with legislation re quired. Mr. Smith then dealt at some length with the Land Bill, Navigation Bill, Trades and Con ciliation Bill, Village Settlements Bill, Vine Dis eases Bill, Coal Mines Bill, Elect iral Act Amend ment Bill, Land and Income Tax Bill, and the question of the Upper House reform, his opinions on all of which have appeared in our columns lately, iteferring to the Premier he said that he had ad dressed 50,000 people in Sydney lately, and no one bad held up his hand Against the policy he was ad vocating;. He was sure Mr. Reid would ha returned by a majority of two to one. His (Mr. Smiths) opponent had referred to something that had been said about him in 1880, when he was : contesting Bast Macquarie. He then had the bitter ! opposition of many who wore now his strongest i friends, and he thought that was greatly to his credit. That was all bis opponent could say about bim — something that happened two years before he was elected to Parliament— but he would give them something about Mr. Fitzgerald thai occurred only a few years ago. In 1891 Mr. Fitzgerald came before the electors of West Sydney as a .Labor advocate. On that ocoa tion he advocated State socialism, compulsory eight hours, referendum, all the revenue to come out of the lands of the colony, ana he wes elected by a large majority. After he had been in Parliament he signed a pledge ti bo guided by ths majority of ; the labor party. (A voice ; ' We have only got 1 your word for it.') He (Mr. Fitzgerald) woold not j deny it. He admitted that he had done so, but said ! it was after he went into Parliament. But what j was the difference between signing the pledge before going into Parliament and signing it after. It was a distinction without a difference. Another action of his was voting against a motion sub mitted by Mr. Copeland in fnvor of Protsctive duties. After bsing in Parliament a short time Mr. Fitzgerald taw fit to vote with the Protection ist policy, and when ha came before the eleotors of West Sydney again they returned him at the bot tom of the poll. (At this stage the speaker was unable to proceed owing to interruptions by certain individuals in the crowd.) Upon Mr. Smith re gaining a hoaring he said that he was well aware of the attitude adopted by some of his opponents in sending a number to interrupt his meetings. Last nigbt a hundred nnd odd had been sent to Eelso to interrupt him, but it would be found on polling day that he had a two to one majority at Eelso. (Applause, and a voice : ' You sent men on Tues day night.') He denied doing anything of the sort. Proceeding with his references to Mr. Fitz gerald he said that he was running under the aus pices of some of the large landowners in this dis trict, who were seeking to prevent the Government carrying out their scheme because they would be taxed under it. Was the policy he advocated at the election in 1891 consistent with the conservative policy h« advocated 1 (Somebody here charged either Mr. Sydney or Mr. Jago Smith, aad also the committee, with having had something to do with Mr. Paul's candidature for Macquarie, and an animated discussion was being carried on apart from Mr. Smith's speech.) When the uproar was sufficiently abated to allow of Mr. Smith proceed ing he said he was glad reference bad been made to this matter. He knew that a number of Pro tectionists, including Mr. Sullivan, Mr. Crick, Mr. Fowler, and othors, had been circulating rumors in this district about his action in regard to Mr. Paul's candidature. Mr. Sullivan : I have not. Mr. Smith : It had been laid that be had somn thing to do witu Mr. Puul going for lltoquarie. Hs would defy any man in this district to say that be begged Mr. Paul to go for Macquarie. On the con trary, he wont to Mr. Paul and adviied him not to go against Mr Tonkin. Mr. Paul took his own course. Mr. Sullivan : It is a direct lie so far as I am con cerned. I want you 10 prove it. . - Mr. Smith : Your name was mantionttl. Mr. Sullivan : I never was guilty of such a thing Mr. Smith : I know you are bringing a lot ol men to try and interrupt my meeting. I know you hsd the impertinence to say that all tbe iutelleot of this country was in the Upper House. You are not an elector ol Bathurst at all. (Hear, hetr). I defy Mr. Sullivan and the men win are making this dis pute to rejeot ma ; for I know they osnoot, as ths people sra with me. (Load applause). (At this stage Mr. Sullivsn tried to gain admit tanoe to ths balcony— presumably with the object of addressing the meeting — but was prevented by seve ral of Mr. Smith's oommittee who were present, and was foroed to go downsta-rs. He protested that it was a publio house, and he bnd a right to enter. This was greeted by hoots from be ow and cries of 11 Phut the door in a man's face 1 ' ' Cowardly 1' etc) As saon a? a fair amount ol order wai obtained, Mr. Smith said he hoped hit friends would be quiet. One thine he thought they would edmit, and tnat was that he was a fair fighter. Mr. Sullivan (who had now reached the street again) : Name the persons who told you. Mr. Smith said that if Mr. Sullivan assured him that what be had stated was not a fact he accepted his word as the word of an honorable man. (Ap plause.) But he knew it bad been clroulatod throughout tbe electorate that he had something to do with Mr. Paul coming out. All who knew the relationship between Mr. Paul and himself would know that was not a fact. Ha thought that atten tion should be given to th« nominee of the Council. It was unfair to associate his name with Mr. Paul's in this matter. (A voice : ' You have influence with Mr. Paul.') He had no influence with him. When he (the speaker) came up for re-eltction as a Minister he took no part in the election. Referring to the Protection party ho said that Sir Henry Parke's and not Sir George Bibbs was leading the Protectionist party to-day. Sir Henry Purkes ad dressed a meeting in favor of Mr. IToyle, a Protec tionist oandidata the other night, ami f. number of tbe strongest Freetraders were goinjf about Sydney addressing meetings in favor of Sir Hsnry. The people should suy whether they were going to have straightforward politicians or mera wrigglers. Speaking on the question of Freetiadu r,nd Protec tion he said somu people thought that the customs duties was all the extra amount they paid on goods which were taxed, but this was not the case. £1000 worth of gO'idB, on whioh 25 poi cent, duty was levied, would, with tho profits of merchant, storekeeper, etc., be sold for about £1000, nearly 100 per cent, instead of tho 26 per cent. His oppo nent hud said tbat-be was in favor of a Metallurgical Works, hut he (Mr. Smith) was not only in favor of jit hut had carried it out since he had bean in office. fl- h»-j l.'.'so been mentioned that ha was in favor ol a State Export Department, but this, again, had been attended to by the Beid Government. In reply to a question Mr. Smith reiterated the state ment already published by us in reference to the inorease in Mr. Eddy's salary. Mr. Jago Smith, in moving a vote of confident in Mr. Sydney Smith, said that it had been stated that both Mr. Sidney Smith and himself were parties to the orimiual transaction of having sent np Mr. Paul to oppose Mr. Tonkin, Certainly it had been openly stated that the ojmmittee — meaning either Mr. Smith's election committee or the com mittee of the Freetrads League in Sydney — had been party to it. He was a member of both those committees, and was able to give the statement the strongest denial that could be given by words. They were not such infernal fools as to put two candidates into the field when there was only a majority of about 200 Freetraders. He had been with Mr. Paul twice, and had used evsry possible argument to prevent him from running, but to no niose. Mr. Sydney Smith had nothing whatever 0 with it. He had two reasons to put forward why Mr. Smith should be returned. (Mr. Smith was subjected to considerable interruption just here, but coolly lighting a cigarrette, he waited patiently until the uproar subsided. When his voice could bs heard he said that the first reason was that Mr. Smith had been the best member Bathurst ever h»d. (Applause and groan'.) Th« second reason was on constitutional grounds. Ha thought he should be returned because ht was in favor of reform of the Upper House. Mr. Mouladale seconded the motion, which was declared by the chairman to be carried. The meeting terminated wiih cheers for Mr. Smith, Mr. Fitzgerald, the chairman and the Queen. 