TO-DAY'S TOPICS. Ac last the Wollongong Harbour Trust has given up the ghost. The final meeting of the commissioners has been held, and a con siderable quantity of work is loft unfinished. The reason assigned for the colapso is the want of funds and the failure of the trust to afford the facilities to shipping that would warrant the collection of wharf and tonnage dues. There was, we suppose, a reason for the creation of the trust; and supporters of the Ministry that created it could possibly tell the reason why a departure was msdo from the usoul practice of the State with regard I harbour administration. Possibly an experiment was tried, the experience re garding which might be considered useful for other ports. It is a pity that an unlucky effort at one harbour should be held up as an awful example for the purpose of deterring all other ports from establishinglooal admini stration. On the Wollongong effort it is use less to waste vain regrets. One of the com missioners stated that the trust was only getting hopelessly into debt, and making matters worse for the district. Under such circumstancee 'tie well it stood not on the order of its going, but wentat once. Whatever else Western Australia is doing, it is building up a good immigrant trade. The total of passengers landed from all ports' in the month of Ostober were 2582, while for the previous month the number wee 2175. Ic Ostober 981 people departed from that colony, but it is stated that the Melbourne Cup was the principal magnet for many of them. For many years the emigration to the Swan River settlement was miserably smell, but thiung have ohanged with a vengeance, and now it is making up for much lost time. Doubtless, there are not a few who have made a hugo mistake in going there to do they knew not what, and nuggets are apparently picked up with a far greater amount of diffloulty there than was the ease in the old rushes of Vio toria. Nevertheless, it is satisfactory to hear that men from this district got employment on their landing on the field. They, how ever, were miners, and with the large amount of development going on, employment is likely to be obtained for such workmen for some time to come. Although there suay be a doubt as to the amount of gold coming out of Western Aus tralia, there can be no doubt of the fact that large sums are going in. In the month of August 68 new mining companies reached the registration stage in London, their capital totalling over seven millions. The amount for that month was nearly up to the aggregate of the mining companies re gistered for thb same colony during the whole of 1894. It is not easy to say hoer many osf those companies were actually promoted. Doubtless, many of theose concerns were over capitalised, and not a little money sunk will never see the light again. Dut the great and sparsely populated colony is at last being vigorously prospected, and the flow of capital thereto will assist materially in the ultimate development of a territory which has hitherto proved itself to be a far from easey one to exploit. Out of much waste of money and human life in pioneering good will result to those who will come later on. And although Niatcro has not outwardly lavished her bounties on that colony, it is only natural to believe that further investi gation will disclose the existence of many valuable compensations to her apporent nig gardliness. The subject of alien immigration is coming again to the front in London. The president of the Board of Trade, replying to a deputa tion of trade unionists, said that he intended to provide for the restristion of these alien necwomers, as he recogniscd that they dis placed at least 20 per coent. of natives of the British Isles in the east end of the great metropolis. As most of these people come from south-eastern Europe, it is evi tent that the interest of Britain in preventing these persecutions which have a tendency to end the oppressed people to other countries, and specially to England, is not altogethser unselfish. ML1any Russian Jews drifted to London while the persecutions were rife in that country some years ago, and the dist:rbances in Turkcey are no doubt determining not a few Armenians to seek some other country than that which is andeavouring to kill thein out. Although some action is necessary, it will probably confine itself to forbidding the landing of absolutely destitute people at the London docks. For years past. public com plaints have been made on this subject, and successive Governments have promised to do something, but nothing has yet been done. It will be observed tlist Mr. Roc.seec's re marks were in reply to the representations of a deputation, and that faet explains a good deal. Herr LrccnOrnoee, the Berlin socialist writer, had the misfortune to eriticlse rather roughly Emperor WILcae'ne recent speech condemnatory of the agitation in favour of soeiahsem. The gentleman both speaks and writes with vigour on that subject and is a bitter pill for the other side to swallow. Accordingly he has been sent for four months to the solitude of a prison cell, there to reflect upon the consequences of giving a democratic Roland for an imperial Oliver. Lisonsnoere cannot plead the excses of youth for the exuberance of his speech when the Emperor WIcr.rsc gets on the stump. The tough old pcminspeaker is approaching the threescore years and ten, but still is not tired of speak ing his mind freely on subjects of public in terest. He saw Paris in the days of the barricades, was an exile in England for many years, and is as great a stormy petrel in his native country in his old age as when the enthusiasm of youth ran through his veins. To such a man four months' retirement to a study furnished by the State will be no punishment, for to him "stone walls will not a prison make, nor iron bare a cage." The retirement will but give him an ezeellent opportunity for laying up a stock of mannu script for his journal entitled .Feroserwt. The payment by the Congo Free State of the equivalent of £6250 as an indemnity to Britain for the execution of Sonces, the trader, is satisfactory so far as it goes. It is hoped, however, that Mnajor Locxsca;, who orderedlthe deed to be done, will have a full otpportunity for stating the reason which induced him to take that precipitate course. SBoons may hare been a troubler in the Congo Free State, a poacher on its preserves, and one of those irrapressibles who, from the opposite stand point, should be dealt with in a very prompt fashion. But for one white man in the heart of Africa to order another to be taken out to the back premises and strung up to a tree, without the shadow of a trial, will require a good deal of explanation over and above the payment of a few thousand pounds as hush money. 