A MINISTER'S MARRIAGE. CLARKE V. CLARKE. | DIVORCE COURT PROCEEDINGS. HYPNOTIC SUBJECT OR SOMNAMBULIST? (Abridged from Sydney Daily Telegraph, 21st February.) The case of Clarke v. Clarke came on before Mr. Justice Windeyer, sitting in the Divorce Jurisdiction, yesterday morning. In this matter Annie Clarke petitioned for a dissolution of her marriage with the Rev. James Clarke, Church of England minister at Kogarah, on the ground that he had assaulted and cruelly beaten her. Mr. A. G. Ralston (in- structed by Messrs. Hamilton and White) appeared for the petitioner. The respondent appeared in person. When the case was called on last Monday the respondent, who had not filed an appearance, asked leave to do so, and was ordered to pay £20 into court to provide for the costs of the adjourn- ment he also asked for. He now explained that he had been unable to do so through no fault of his own, but he stated that he had considerable, means, and offered to give the other side an undertaking to cover the costs. This offer was accepted by Mr. Ralston, and the case proceeded. Mr. Ralston called Mrs. Annie Clarke, the petitioner, who stated that she was married to the respondent, James Clarke, on 21st February, 1894. Her maiden name was Annie Annesley. After her mar- riage she went with her husband to live at Kogarah. The unkindness of which she complained was commenced in April last by him by hypnotising her. She was sitting down one day, and he stared at her, and placed his hand over her eyes, and she at once " went off." He had told her pre- viously that he thought he possessed hyp- notic power, and in April he began to prac- tise it upon her. She used to go to sleep and know nothing until she woke up again. She thought she was kept asleep for ten minutes or quarter of an hour, and she felt quite dazed after she woke up. She had never asked her husband not to mesmerise her, but her mother had asked him not to do so, as she did not believe in such things. In the end of July her husband threatened to whip her if she did not do things to please him. He was always finding fault, saying there was dust on the furniture Then in the end of August he shook her and swore at her. On one occasion he took her for a drive to Cronulla Beach, and while he went to get a bucket of water for the horse she remained in the buggy. While he was away the horse backed down the hill into a ditch, and she jumped out of the buggy. Her husband came back and called her a d--d fool. On 3rd September she was at Hornsby with him, and he told her she had said in one of her mesmeric sleeps that there was money hidden there. As she did not take him to the right place he struck her on the face. They went there, as he said, to seek for the money. It was a hard blow he gave her, and when she upbraided him he said he would put her to sleep again. He had mesmerised her when they came there, and when she came out of the trance he told her she had taken him to the wrong place. When he struck her she told him he was very cruel, and that she would tell every one. He then said he would put her to sleep again, and make her forget it, and he did put her to sleep, but she did not forget the blow. About 10.30 p.m. on 14th October he had taken her to her bedroom, and had returned to his own room, for they occupied different rooms, and after they had all gone to bed the respondent went into the room which was occupied by witness's sister and lay down on her bed. Witness heard the door of her sister's room open, and got up and went to the door. She then saw her sister in bed, and her husband, attired in his pyjamas, sitting on the bed. Witness screamed, and her husband then took her back to her own room and shook her for screaming, saying she was a fool to be so silly. Two days afterwards they had been out for the afternoon, and he left her at the railway station, as he was going to the resi- dence of a Catholic priest. When he came home he asked her how she had got into the house, and upon her stating that she had the back door key he told her she dare not take that key again, as it was his, and then he struck her and kicked her so heavily as to leave bruises on her legs. The following day he called her into his study, and mesmerised her by placing his hand over her eyes. She happened to woke up, and he said he felt too tired to hypnotise, and threatoned " to tear her tongue out by the roots " if she did not " go off" again. That evening they were going to a concert, and in crossing the paddock adjoining the house she told him the shed was loft unlocked. He asked her where the key was, and she said she had given it to the gardener to put his tools away, and he then struck her on the neck with his walking-stick. On the 18th of that month her husband stripped all her clothes off without her consent. She tried to resist him, but could not do so, and he took her clothes off forcibly. They were in the kitchen at the time, and she had just finished washing up the dishes. At the time she was in a very weak state of health on account of the manner in which he had treated her. After taking her clothes off he took her to the bathroom and laid her down in the bath, and then got a bucket of water and threw it over her with his full force. He had to go outside to the pump to get the water, and she remained in the bath because he told her she was not to move till he came back, and she was afraid to do so. After he had thrown the water over her he told her to go and dress herself. That afternoon she was in the bedroom, and he entered the room, took the clothes out of one of the drawers, and then struck her on the head with the drawer with such violence that her head swelled. After this he went out and locked her in the room until the following morning. Her husband that afternoon appeared not to know what he was doing ; he seemed dazed and sleepy and stupid. She was afraid to expostulate with him when he struck her, as she was in terror of him. That after- noon she had neither dinner nor tea, and although she could have got out of her bed room by moans of the window, she was too frightened to do so. He unlocked the door about 7.30 in the morning to let the girl give her a cup of tea. This servant was not in the house when respondent put witness in the bath, but she came to the house during the afternoon. Witness was too upset to communicate with the girl. During the afternoon the respondent again came to her bedroom and assaulted her by pulling her hair with such violence that some of it came out. He then locked her in the room, and she had no food until half-past 6 o'clock that evening. At that hour he released her and permitted her to come to the dining table. She had scarcely taken a mouthful of tea when he ordered her to take another chair away from the table " as she did not look well enough," he told her, to take her tea. He had sent the girl away that afternoon be cause he said she stole things. At half-past 7 he put witness off into a mesmeric sleep, and when she awakened about 9 o'clock she was lying on the floor, and her husband was standing over her holding above his head a weight from the gasalier. She found her head and face swollen, deep incisions on her thigh and wrist, and both her thighs bruised and bleeding fright- fully. She had no food that day, for she did not say anything to her husband when he ordered her away from the table, as he was always worse when she opposed him. When she " came to" she said, " Look at my poor body how it is bruised ?" but he took no notice, save remarking that she had done it herself. He then stripped her clothes off, and carried her into the paddock in a nude state, and made her roll over and over for about 150 yards, kicking her if she did not roll faster when he told her to. With the cuts on her body this rolling hurt her very much, and he said if she screamed he would slit her in pieces. Then he went inside, and locked her outside, naked. This occurred about 11.15 o'clock at night. He told her to knock if she wanted to come in, and she did so two minutes afterwards. When she got inside, he struck her on the back with the edge of a carving knife, cutting her so that it bled very much, and left a scar, which was still visible. He then locked her in the servant girl's bedroom, telling her she was to sleep there ; but he would not allow her to have even her sleeping garments. She could not go to sleep, as she heard her husband roaming about the house, and consequently passed another wretched night. He kept her in the girl's room without clothes or food until noon next day, when she was let out and allowed to put on a dress, but he took a number of her other clothes and burned them. He was quieter after that, and on the following day she left the house while he was at church, and went away with her friends. She was then attended by Dr. Chenhall. Her husband used to take whisky in his afternoon tea, and on some occasions it seemed to affect him, making him dazed and stupid. On 10th September he was quite intoxicated, could not hold his knife and fork properly, and spilt the milk he was pouring into his cocoa into his saucer. On that day he was unable to walk without holding on to things, and that night he pulled her hair violently. All this treatment affected her health, and she was ill for several days afterwards. In cross-examination the respondent asked : How long have you known me, Annie ?-I scarcely know. About ten or eleven years. Did you over know me unkind or cruel to you before this time you complain of? You were unkind to me by knocking me down on the grass once. Oh! that was an accident, when the children were romping. —Well, I did not take it as an accident. Do you remember wakening me in the middle of the night, telling me in the most blood-curdling tones that you saw a woman standing at the bedside, pointing at the bed ?-That is the truth. His Honour : Mr. Clarke, you ,just take your finger down, and cease pointing at the witness. I will not permit you to gesticu- late in court. Mr. Clarke : Well, Mr. Ralston did so. His Honour : I shall not permit you to gesticulate in that way. Mr. Clarke : Now, Annie, was it not the morning after you saw this vision that you fell down in a trance ?-You put me " off." Did you not go into a voluntary trance at first, and was it not through this that I discovered I possessed mesmeric power ? It was nothing of the sort. You put your hand, on me. Do you remember trying to commit suicide to make away with yourself in the cemetery ?—I recollect nothing of the sort ; nothing whatever. Not that the beautiful girl told you to commit suicide?-No, I do not. And don't you remember finding a needle stuck in the Bible at the 13th verse in the 20th chapter of Exodus : " Thou shalt not kill ?"-1 remember when I woke I found my Bible open upon the drawers with a noodle stuck in it at that particular verse, and you told me I had been wanting to kill myself, but I never told you that whilst I was conscious. If I said so I must have been hypnotised. Did I not tell you my reason for locking you up was for your safety, as you walked in your sleep, and might get on the railway line ?—You told me so. But I know well enough. Now, I don't wish to ask anything unkind, but is it not a fact that you have frequently, through ill temper and probably girlish sulks, refused your food ?-It has been through you scold- ing me that I have at times done so. And have not I urged you to eat, and laughed at you, and said it was silly to refuse food more than once?-Yes, you have. Did not you cook the breakfast on Satur- day 20th October ?—No, I did not. I was locked in the servant's bedroom, and was in a nude state. Well, is not nakedness man's natural state ?—Man is not born a clothed animal, is he ? His Honour: Well, we'll take that for granted, but a clergyman's wife is not expected to go about clothed in a blanket like a Maori ! Mr. Clarke: Yes, your Honour; but some people think it is a great sin to go about naked. But God made man that way, and we have it written in the Word His Honour : Oh, never mind that now. Mr. Clarke : Well, every time a man goes to his bath he is in that state ; but I will not go further than that. Mr. Clarke : Do you remember seeing the figure of a spirit in church ?—I re- member thinking I did. Do you remember telling me these spirits were not relations of mine, as I could see nothing ?—I remember you telling me so. In reply to further questions the peti- tioner stated that she had asked her mother to take her away from her husband's house, and when a man named Dowse and some others came on the Sunday she went with them of her own free will. Dr. Chenhall gave evidence that he had examined the petitioner after she left respondent's house, and found her in a perfectly dazed state, with her eyes up turned, and apparently quite unconscious of her surroundings. She had a wound on the thigh, which was apparently caused by some sharp instrument. It was an inch and three-quarters in length, and a little more than half-an-inch deep. There was also a wound on her buck, which might have been caused by a carving knife, and a large number of socratches and bruises on various parts of her body. In reply to the respondent Dr. Chenhall said he did not think the wound on the thigh could have been caused through the petitioner rolling in a paddock filled with sardine tins, hoops, and old iron. The court adjourned shortly after 4 o'clock until next day. The hearing of the suit was resumed on the following day. Before the proceedings commenced, Mr. Clarke bitterly complained that he had been subjected to the indignity of being searched by a police officer on the ground that he was suspected of carrying a re- volver. He wanted to know whom they thought he wished to kill, and stated that he had never carried a revolver outside his own house. His Honour said that it had come to the knowledge of the court that he had a revolver, and any police constable in such circumstances had a right to search him. Mr. Ralston then called Mrs. Amelia Ann Annesley, the mother of the petitioner, who gave evidence in corroboration of several of her daughter's statements. She added that before her marriage Mrs. Clarke never walked in her sleep, nor saw visions, and she had not done so since she left her husband's house. Jessie Annesley, sister of the petitioner, also gave confirmative evidence. She stated in the course of her evidence that when respondent went to her room at night she ordered him away, and that on a sub- sequent occasion, after he had acted im- properly, she left the house as soon as possible. The respondent, in his evidence stated that after his marriage and on their return home from the honeymoon, and night in the early part of April, when he and his wife were in bed, either before or a few minutes after midnight, his wife suddenly aroused him, and said she saw a woman in the room with long dark hair. The tone she spoke in was one to fill a person with a " creepy " feeling. He asked her where it was, and she said the figure appeared on her side of the bed. He said it was only fancy ; " shut your eyes, and ' it ' will go away." She did so, and commenced to shiver, and when he asked if " it " was still there, she said "yes." In a state of nervous trepidation he got up and lit the gas, and then she still saw the form looking at her. In about twenty minutes " it" faded away. In the morning she looked ill and worn, and he told her not to do any house- work, but to come into his study, where he had a number of letters to write. He placed her in a large easy chair, and went on with his writing, speaking to her now and then. By-and-by his attention was attracted to his wife, whom he found in a sort of trance condition. He continued : " I went down upon my knees, and said ''Annie,' and she answered like one speak- ing from a far distance, and said, ' Who is that?' I asked, 'What is the matter ?' and she said, 'Who are you speaking?' I told her who I was, and she replied, ' I don't know you.' I said, ' Who are you, then ?' She said, ' I am in the spirit world.' " That was the first I know about what they say with regard to hypnotism. But I discovered that I had the power with regard to her; but I never had it with regard to anybody else that I know of. After she went into a trance that first time -I was then writing at the desk-I found that she would go off into a trance at my will, and sometimes-not always-I found her in that condition voluntarily, without my interference at all, and occasionally she used to go off before other people, and I have witnesses to prove that. In the early part of April sho took to sleep-walking. Whether sho did BO bel'oro marriago or not I cannot say, but I know from oxporionco that Bhe did it afterwards. Tho first timo she took to sleep-walking was a wook after this, and tho night boforo sho sleep-walked sho saw this sanio " woman" loading a child by tho hand. Sho wa8 very frightonod, and I lit tho gas, und told her it was only a fanoy. I beliovo I said,-"In tho namo of the L'athor, Son, and Holy Ghost, begone I" and elie said she saw tho spirit fluttering out through tho closed Venetian shutters. That was tho way, sho said, tho spirit always carno and wont. Tho first timo sho sloop-walked was' about a wuok aftor sho ii rat saw tho spirit, and eho wont out into tho oomotery in hor nightgown, and sat on a tombstone for a long wbilo. I wakonod and missed her from tho bod and found tho placo whoro she had boon lying was cold. £ got up, put on my coat, and went out. I found tho side door opon, and tho kov gone out of tho lock I went out as lar as the comoteiy and hoaul some ono moaning, and saw a white hguro sitting on a tombstone I gol soniowh.it nervous inysolf Howeiei, I wont up and found it was my wifo Sho «as weeping, and M hen I spol o to her sho answoiod and saul that a beautiful gul was trlking to hei r.nd lind counselled hoi to destioy hcridf bho had boon leading in tho papéis a few dajs boforo about somo }onnpr mamed lady wiio had committed suicide at 1 ninoie I got hor back, and in tho morning sho know nothing nt all rbonl it lioquontly fiom that tiny fortli sho walked in hoi sleep Mi Clarke went on to say that his wife had ii habit of sulking whotiovci she was spol cn to Ho had ' implored hot with toms in his PA es' not to sulk, us ho thought nothing uritatcd a man moro than Mill ing Ho was charged with insanity, but it thoio vero an\ mental nbarrations ho did not leeolleot them at all. ITo had no leeollcction wlmteter ot doing thoso cruol tinii "t with which ho had been charlot! (hoio Mi Claikus \oico becamo almost lnuidiblo Hour emotion), 01 thioalomng lo pull Ina wife a tonniio out b^ tho loots Ho denied than ho had e\oi ¿îvui his wifo 111010 than ono bath in his Mo Y\ith legntd to tho state mont that ho had stan ed his wife, tho t ict waa that the son an! gul had cooked an Irish stow and as the chun Mrs Claiko was soitod on was not comfortable, ho isked hoi to tako an easy oban, which was away from tho tablo Sho had declined to eat unj tiling, aa, in fact, sho was Bulking bocattso sho had beon îskoil to tidy tho ohost ot di iwois On tho night of tho 10th Ottobor ho was lato going to b< ii It was about 12 JO, and just ooloio ho letnod ho thought ho hoaid tho sido dooi open and wont outside to seo what was tlio muttei, and lound his wifo in tho paddock without anj thing on hoi Whon sho got into thoso tiancos sho wanted to lush outsido without anything on hei hoad, ns tho spirits, sho saul, wmo culling liei, Mi Clarko procoodod at gi out longth to desonbo tho cirotimstnncos undci which his wifo was lomoved fiom his houso, and, continuing, sworo ho had noioi bthavod in nn mdelicato oi uiigontlimianly way towards his sister in law His wiio had stated that sho had rolled lr)0 ynids in tho paddook, but ho hud moasuiod tho placo and lound it was only sixty ono janis ni length Mi Clarke then called so\oral witnossos, marni} to show that ho hail beon kind to his wito, and that olio had suffoicd from hallucinations and fallon in dances \oltin tardy, without his oxoroising any inesmoiio influonco o\ or hor Ho then piocooded to address his Honour at length but had not coucludod his romaikti when tho court roso 