LOCAL AND GENERAL ITEMS. Miss Mary Ellis, B.A., has boon ap pointed to relieve Miss Anroue as assistant teacher at the Kiama Superior Public School, during the absence of the latter owing to ill-health. Owing to the hot weather having set in much earlier than usual, the Fresh Food and Ice Company" are opening their ice season 1895-96 a good deal earlier-than is customary. The Kiama.Progress Associationholds its usual fortnightly nuetinig this evoien ing; ýwhen several matters of importance are to be discussed, aid.a full moetid:g of inembers is hoped.for,. . M'r. Olen'oelit Wrag e's weatherforc' east for New South Wales yoitordihy was as. follows-- "Cloiudy over the?o southern half of the colony, with strdpg westerly winds and rain; fine and hazy over the northern portions . By their win on': Saturday the Beiry football club now become solo possessors of the silver cup' presented by 'r: RI. T. Thorb.urn.. Fome of the Kiama. boys. had swbet dreams of drawing;::it. into their fold, but those were o.doly dispelled, and a general gloominess intervenes, -. The "'S,M. Herald" calmly informns us that the visitors to the opening of the Berry Creamery were escorted over. theo building by "~Mr. A. Berry." Per: hops their ropresontatiove is somewhat given to materialising the spooks, and' in a fit of abstraction brought the, ghost of the defunct gentleman to bear upon the scene. Yesterday morning the town was completely enveloped in a thick smoky haze, presumably coming from -thle many bush fires in the. outlying parts, The smell of smoke is still pesrtoularly strong, and a good downpour of ramin would do an immense amount of good both in extinguishing 'the flrcs abnd freshening things up generally, :,At the half ,earl xtnehoting, of the larrengarry Dairy Company held at the factory on Mondiy, the report showed. that during the halfyear oended 3200,489 gallons of milk were received, and the receipts for'butter sold amounted to £4762 4s 8d, The balance=sheet was adopted, A resolution was passed thait suppliers'and others .be allowed to pur chase butter from the.fadtory at market rates. A vote of'thanks was accorded the Chairnian, Mr. H. M. Osborne, and the proceedings terminated, The "Sydney. Mail ' of Saturday next contains some splendidly, .printed sketches of the ,:Bo'ry estaeo.-:whic? include "-On the Mearidome,' . ".'Back Forest. Road," "BroughtOn 'Creelo' "Coolangatta Township as sben from Coolangatta,. Mountain,"- .-'. Vi mew looking, from Coolangatta Houses, " Northern Road to Coolangatta." and . "River.-, .. and... eandows as seen from Co00iangatta Mountins," It also gives a graphic description, with illustrations of maohinery, &c.;, of tlhe butter factory popened on -Saturday last at Berry. :;- " " .. ri Does it never' strike, you--that the police force business' in, our staid old. town is rather overdone, - We don't wish. for a momento ti dastt any dise paragement utpon its momboi? and their doings, but surely Kientu is.not such a poacebreaking,.hllouod-thirstyJocality as. to warrant then array f hlue-coated gentle; men one usually sees in,- its. vicinity. A few of theni may be visitors from other stations, hut if there is nbuglit for these to do on their- own particular sections we are sure we are either toi "alow or too timid--'at least the majority of us-to require the extensjou: of their vigilance over its, What might be considered a grand and, picturoscuue sight grooeted the eyes of all suffloiently elevated to witness it on. Monday night last, viz., the bush fire raging along the heights of Saddle-Back, The several owners of property in the vicinity, however, doubtless too]k on quite another view of the matter, 'and in conjunction with the majority of the farmers of'the country are disposed to :look gloomily upon the continued drought, which to. say the least does! not inspire the soul with s.tlieo bleHt: thoughts natures million phases should, With thoe exetiuo{f slir'it-,itamage - to some old out btliglic, Bjbl?.nhim to, a f'armeor in-tlhe aolytebourlibod little loss was experienced;.'. : : - About .' aii. , 'on Ittosday .t com. paratiovly smart shower fell over the town of 1itams, whil?h, -materially helped to lay the blindihg` dust the wind of.lopday had,scattered aioouandj end on rising at the 'usual hour iion Tuesdiiy moirning with the axidet?tion of having to strugglo ininnfully S;ith a a ton-horsb power blow and: '1ouds 'df -dust, oiie had the -ploeasurableo siatisfad.1 tion. of shelving: such thoughts for a futuire occasion, -and, viewed tho otitside world with feelings hardly dreamt :of the -previous day,. Ift is a pity- thd Queonsland stormraisor eannbt be prevailed upon to send along esuck weather asne '.uosday'e more frequently, SMr~ "nJack" M'Elhone, with his ous-.' tomary exuberanco of spirits, hasboeen acousing Mr, J. 0. FPitzpatrick of being ' the possessor of "an evil boye," .That gentloma'in who wears a pair of dark. coldred - glhssoes, .gently .. denied . the I imlutrition, and the 'lively Jack " was called to order by the :.chainman, : This not-having the 6ffot -.of' cboling the erring ohu, ind he still further oxpostu.' lating upon tim ills.attending such evil oyeos In other climes, ho'e.was immedi ntoly ordorbd.; but' by the: ehair,-thel Sergeoi?it-at-hirs reinti. hliim forcihly-; from thlo&Hdouse;,. Afte ,Mr. ?'Ellinieo had:beon removd, Mr. Miller roriptly1 rose to his fo~t aid remarked that ieter.! ruptione from the8Govornmnont ,eide wereo frequotlitly overloolced, -but other sldes of the House wore propmniptly sat upon;': Thin anuand o no lRUnpr rn9ks.' AOna , pite the cries of "Chair' ' and "Ordoer Mr iller 'caniiiunid' to slate t;h Government ssile of the .Hoiuse, alfttr 'c'hich, tlheo hubbliub subsiding, sinbits was quietly resumed. It soones i sad' pity that so many of the young men of K(iam can find little elso to occupy' their evenings tlhan' by overlastiugly .poraiuliulatingti the sthoota standing at thoe cornors.andilby frequeont adjiounmednt to 'public htouses. Evoryuheore on's ars are greeooted with the oxtollings of somoe loud-voiced' and enthusiastie football. or .rickot "barracker," and it would seem thlat no.othor topic over Qutors the heads of these bhnys; youths and young men. Cricket and football are all very well, but when you hear 'nothing else :~catooly frpom.woe's:e;od to: wsek's, end, the monotony ofthoe thing strikes you mas ab'surd. Tie: Sohoot of Arts is opened every nighlit ii 'the' week' 'but SuInday, wihero stult guitiie.oas cards, ohtess, donui noes, efod., svititho.nvwspapers of Syduney, both daily and 3vo6ikly, tigether. witlh tho local , papers,;': 'foir :. thi'o . I' . ieed to read thetim If .thiise ytu"ug men: could but ' be. induced tii o . ,n 'they : .would ;find that the trifing charge of:2a Oild p quarto?r; otild ,pro, duco nu amnple return of genuine amuse mont, ancý Buld it the end save porhaps a considerablO expenditure upon whtit in the main conducos only to- their injury a49d 9igsatisfiotion 'Weo 'tiust the'hiut tl?Tr th.rown bet wil be' taken ,ip s )riously.' " 