NEWS AND NOTES IN A NUTSHELL. THE BUSY MAN'S COLUMN Tho mnrkot on Melbourne 'Change contlnuon' naive. By Gauut'8 instruments at noon to- «lny the readings wore Barometer, 00.125, Htntloimry. Thermometer, iu li»e sun, 77 dog, ; shade, 47 dog. Au Australian rat, Chief 0 Ulcer fchcln told Dr. Youl at. the HUarhi iu-. qiiCHt tills inornlug, could start a lire. "No could a wliurf rat," remarked Sir. Croker. - Extraordinary charge of I arson ngnlnst a juvenile delinquent at Rich mond altered to one of wilful destruc tion of property, aud the boy scut to tho Schools. . Dr. Youl says that often contradic tory evidence Is the host evidence; If witness after witness repented the same; story like parrots, he would uot believe any of them. Puupta who are innocontly in the habit of giving unstamped receipt should tako warning by a caso roportcd iu another column. . Any rbcoipt for tho sum of L2 or upward has to bo stamped. Mr T. S. Dean, who rode Cerherus In, the Grand Natloiml Steeplechase at Flctiiington oii the. lath- Inst., fs to be proceeded against at the Flenilugtou . Cp9cU»a-;,4lR!i .:tOUi Inst— far. -tho iil- leged "ill-treatment" of the horse dur ing the race. Inquest upon the body of tlie child found in Audrows street, Windsor, on tliclJth lust., opened ut the Morgue this morning. ' Had to be adjourned for unother. week, lu consequence of the illness of the 'accused woman. Clam Jcffery, who. Is Id the prlsou hospi tal. Mr Tnveruer says that the "Argus" Bccqunt of his utttcruuccs ut Swaa lilll Is Incorrect. Kvou If It were correct, the Minister states that lie Is not In the, habit of giving pledges to his constituents In hotel parlors, hut on the public platform. The rooeut. boisterous weather has Also been severely felt along the coast, and steamers aud sailing vessels havo had a rough time. A stroug south-west gale with furious squalls of nilu and sleet and high seas have swept tL sou t hern coast, cast and west. Tlie 1.(1. M.S. Prims Regent Lultpold, from Bremen, encountered the full force of the bad weather. After rounding Cape Lcmvin she met with a gale, which cou- tinned .without Intermission until reach ing Cape Otway. Throe little hoys were examined by Mr. Moore, Chief Clerk at the Rich mond Court, UiIr morning as to the naturo of an "oath, and the conse quences on telling a lie. The tlrst re plied to the question, "Where he would go to," &c;\, by saying "Go to prison," the second "(Jo Into the burning lire," and the third, coming more promptly to the point, looked straight at the Beach and replied, "Go to hell." The trial of Moss Rosenfeld, Samuel Davis, Percy Montague Benjamin and John SUmway, for alleged conspiracy to defraud her Majesty by claiming ex cessive amounts for drawback on cer tain goods imported by the firm of La zarus, Rosoiifeld mid Benjamin, gene ral merchants aud Importers, was com- nieueed before Mr. Justice Hodges mid a Jury of twelve In the Second Civil Court this morning. Mr. Fiuluyson is prosecuting for the Crown, aud Mr. Purves, Q.O., and Mr. CoUlhuui aro de- feuding tho accused. The Brunswick "ghost" gave a se rious fright to a lad, named Bireli, fourteen years of age, a son of Mr. John Birch, caretaker of the municipal ulllees at Coburg. ou Monday night last. The boy was returning home be- tweeu 8 and 0 o'clock, ami whoa at a lonely spot near the Pentrldge walls mi apparition in white made Its np- . pearance, at tho same Mine addressing Birch In an Incoherent manner. The "ghost" so seared tho youth that he ran to his parents home, where bo was i ' seized with a fit, and remained uu- 'conscious for six hours,' Although now recovered, tho lad Is still In a very nervous condition. It !r about ncvon weeks ngo since .wheat, which had fallen to 2s Id per bushel, suddenly "took n turn for tho better." Slowly nod suroly It advanc ed, durlug a period of nearly throe .weeks, and ultimately touched tho me ridian at ,1s 4d. Then tho backward niovumeut began, but the price lias not (fallen below 3s. Iuderd, wheat has stood at that for about a fortnight. The price Is nominal, as buyers say that .they will, pot pay 3s, aud skiers are rcluctnnr. to quit for less.''lth the latter the victory seems Ukefy to Her for _ millers' stocks are' being re duced, aud within tho next few days there must be buyers at the market price. " Sir William Ilnrcourt elected for West Monmouthshire. Our Warragul correspondent wires that a young man, named Robert M'Dougnll, had his leg broken last uight while wrestling. Probably plenty of persons could be found iu Melbourne who would set fire to any ship 111 the Bay for £50. Thus Dr. Youl at the iuquest on the llilarln tire to-day. It was truancy day at Fitzroy this mornlug. Twenty-three parents had to face the music and make excuses for the uon-uttcndnuce of their olive branches. Fines were inflicted In most The railway authorities state that notwithstanding the floods in various parts of the colony, consequent upon the recent heavy ruins, no re|>orts have come to hand of damage to any of the Hues or bridges. There have now lawn filled 551 out of the (170 seats in tlie British House of Commons. The new memlxcrs are divided as follow Tories, 308 ; Uu- ionlst. Liberals. , 53,; . . .Liberals,.;, 324 i Irish Nationalists, 00. ' "\\- To Messrs Dnvhl Blair, Marshall Lyle, Dr. Strong, -And others. . Mr. Jus tice Hood says, " I believe Imprls'ou- ment as It Is conducted now, at all events, ends Iti a prlsouer becoming a confirmed felon." "Men like you should be locked up for life," said Mr Justice Hood to a youug man lu the Criminal Court to day. This man had spent the greater part of the last six years In gaol, and was a "perfect burden ou society." Walter Saudoman Gillies, law clerk, convicted of embezzling from his em ployers, Messrs Mullcsou,' England am! Stewart, was to-day liberated ou en tering into a recognisance of £100, and finding a surety of £50 to come up for sentcucc wheu called upou. Tho jury iu tho llitariu fire Iuquest this morning returned a verdict to' the effect that tlio vessel had beciiwil- ftilly set on lire ou both occasions by Mark Lindsay, second mate, aud Ed ward Benson, watchman. The t wo men were at once arrested ou a charge of arson. First wool of the season. Messrs Goldsbrougb, Mort and Co., Ltd., have received nu advice of the dispatch of tlie first consignment of the 1805-0 wool clip from Fort Bourke Station, near Bourke, New South- Wales. It consists of 4S bales and comes to Mel bourne via Syiluoy. ' Ruby Denuls, four years of age, who resides with lior parents at the coruor of Itellly and Wellington streets, Clif ton Hill, was admitted to the Mel- Ixourae Hospital this nftcruoon. suffer ing from severe hurus about the face aud body. The child whs playing with some matches when her clothes caught lire. Although the .militiamen arc dis satisfied, there Is a decidedly' robust spirit, amongst the volunteers, lu C Company of Mounted Utiles it lias Just been mudc the rule. that men who jolu .shall rPureluLSe their, owii; uniforms. Tills notwithstanding," there were over fifty applicants for less than twenty vacancies caused by retirements at the cud of the financial year. . - Revised scheme of reconstruction submitted . by the City" of Mcltiounm Bank does not find favor with the Glasgow depositors. They appoint, a committee of Inquiry, and ask for a jwstponemeut of the Mclliouruc meet ing. Mr. Loader, chaiminii of the Mel- bourne directorate, -has not success fully persuaded these people, appa rently. . Residents of the Wnuflin district: saw the Minister of Railways this mornlug and urged the construction of a line to give their district communication with the Lllydnlc Hue. Mr. Williams said that he could do nothing lu the matter until the Railway Committee had re ported on tho construction of light narrow gauge Hues. He said the cost of a broud gauge railway to that dis trict would be betwecu £11000 aud £10,000 per mile, nml he could uot re commend such an outlay. What ts the matter with the butter? Wc observe that what might have Insen known as the Parliamentary Butter Committee lias Just committed felo do so by declaring for "private sittings." The bud example of that so- called Railway Inquiry Board seems to be contagious. There Is such a con tinual shrinking from the light in re gard to affairs of great public concern that no wonder the public mind Is sus picious. By the way. that Railway Board has not decently burled Itself yet. No wonder that u "hearse" truck of the train by which the members were travelling a few days ago ran off tho Due iu sheer disgust ! Name amusing (ales aro told In Vic toria, British Columbia, of Sir Joseph Ncedlmm, former Chief Justice of Van couver Island, who died at Weyhrldge, Surrey, the other day at the age of eighty-three. Here is one from the "Canadian Gazette":— "On April 1st some Jokers nailed a quarter of a dollar to the sidewalk, ami then watched, with delight, people who were try ing 1o pick It up. Along cuine the Chief Justice, nml wheu ho found tho coin nailed he calmly proceeded to kick away at It with Ids foot, till he loosened It, and then, with grim satis faction. nut it in his pocket." 