EL1OT0E, JEiEIGH. « With TkisMtg TTkw Weif-' A Wvfs By-iha-Autkor of GHAPTEBI. ' Sir, do you know^ne ?' 11 You area spirit, I know,' « What is the matter -with, you this morning, Maurice?' asked the stately 'old Lady Grassdale of her grandson. ' You are as silent as an hourglass, and as sombre as a monument.' The young man thus addressed was standing in alistless attitude by the window with his back towards the Bpeaker, but on turning to reply he dis played a countenance so singularly bright and handsome that it seemed at complete variance with the listlessneas of his manner. ' I am haunted, mother,' he answer ed smiling, ' Haunted !' exclaimed the old lady, rustling her heavy silk dreBS by her eudden movemeut. ' Well, in these days, when spirits play such vagaries, I must not be surprised, I suppose, to hear a man say he iB haunted. Are your spirits black, white or gray ?' ' Neither,' he said Htmii^g again. ' They are deeply, darkly, wonderfully this.' ' Blue !' cried the lady. ' The only blue spirits I overheard of are the ' blue dewls,' and they surely don't haunt you, Maurice.' ' Never when I am with my mother's mother,' replied the young man, gal lantly. ' Grassdale Manor defies the blues, except indeed such a3 those that haunt me now.' * ' Well, and what are they, Maurice ?* ' Eyes, my dear lady. By Jove ! I believe they are spirits, after all. Mere eyes they can never be.' ' Eyes ! And to whom do they be long?' He hesitated, and then answered— 1 ' Let me see. I Bcareely remember her name. Oh, it wad Mountsorel — Miss Moontsorel. You introduced me to her just before dinner in a very hurried manner, and I took her to the dining- room.*' 'Miss Mcamtaard !' it*i Lady Grassdal^ lifted.. -he2v- ? ey^fcBHSsJa- ?©% prise. ' Well, that is ctrange. You aever met her before, I suppose?' ' No, I In ink' not,' said Malice ; ' but [ am not quite sure ; she hae such a haunting face, it follows a man in the most mysterious wr.y. I certainly saw her picture at T?ome, and her ghost at Venice. I am decidedly puzzled. And the oddest my3tery of all is, that she herself Seems quite familiar to me in some inexplicable way.' A smile played over Lady Grassdale's Dace as she listened. ' And did Miss Mountsorei claim ac litaintar.ee with jou as an old friend ?' she:said. ilaurice Inglewcod coloured, and then laughed. ' No,' he returned, ' she said very little to me ; she was bearly civil.' Then, stretching bin hand through the open window, he snapped a branch of white loses, and added — ' Who was it I used to know that liked white roses so much r' The question amused Lad y Grassdale. She leaued back in her chair, andlaugh 3d quietly. ' You have a bad memory, Maurice,' she said. ' Miss Mountsorel wore white roses on her dross last evening, and ? But stop ; let mo see what your memory is worth. You recollect, I sup pose, that this was youi1 home when your poor mother died ?' ' My dear second mother, how can I forget ?' He crossed the room and took her hand. The old lady .kissed him, sub sided into silence for a moment, and then said, abruptly — ' Maurice, do you remember that very pretty child, Ellinoi- Leigh, who used to be your playmate ?' ' I remember her,' he answered ; ' she was like a bird 'without its shy ness. A singularly trustful little crea ture : she seemed to bring goodness with her like an aiinosphero. I have more than remembered her — I have thought of her often.' To be continued. 