PUBK, ECONOMICAL, REfKKSHINQ fupy^raytfl (JoooA is Kconomloal. — A small spoonful makes a large breakfast cup of delicious, refreshing, digestible, and absolutely pure and nourishing Cocoa, of the greatest strength, and finest flavor entirely troe trom any admixture, ;-A -1 KNJiitous Offer, — WenDderstand St, 9 the intention of Messrs; Kcogh anil Need- ] am.proprietorBof the Steam Biding (JalJcry,, 1 ll. ilohn-Btrcct, in -response to tni appeal' 1 ontaincd in our Satardaj 's issue, to give 1 he proceeds of the gallery on Wednesday , vening next for the purpose of providing a ! croen for the meteorological observatory in 1 he Invalid Depot Grounds, the balance to ! ie handed over to the Benevolent Society. 1 t is hoped this -prompt and generous offer ? ylll. result in not only providing the 1 nnch-needed screen, but that there will 1 -e a large balance to be handed - iver to the Benevolent Society. The pro- 1 irietors of this gallery are always ready to ; lelp in time of need, and'no doubt the i rnblic will resitond with the same liberality. 1 it Lefroy a short timo 'since a similar eutcr ainmont given by these public - spirited gentlemen r«.6ultcd in a Bum of nine guineas -eing handed over to the athletic association here. King Island Cattle. — Mr J. G. Bash nan, sanitary officer, who has been paying a 1 ritit to Kiog Island for the purpose of 1 nspectiug and reporting upon the cattle : ?here, returned via Melbourne by the s.s. 1 Doogeo on Saturday. He is necessarily reticent as to the result of his trip until hie -fflcial report has been made to the Chief Inspector of Slock, for the information of the ; Government; but, as soon as this has been , lone, he promises to place readers of the Daily Telegraph in possession of tbe facts. Upon his report wilf depend whether cattle Erom King Island, which have hitherto been shut out through fear of plcuro-pnenmonia being introduced by Victorian cattle, shall Dr shall not be allowed to come into Tas mania. Like other visitors to Kiog Island, Mr Bushman Is delighted with both place aod people. The latter, he says, are hos pitable in the extreme, and of a class far superior to the ordinary settler one might be expected to meet in such an out-of-the-way Locality. The facilities for cattle-raislng, too, at King Island arc very great, feed of various kinds growing with extraordinary luxuriance. The Lost Found.— Hot very long ago (says Tatmoniaji Netot of Saturday) Super intendent Pcdder, of the City Police, re ceived a letter from Mr Edward Scully, of India, asking for the whereabouts of a man named Mr Henry John Scully, who was thought to be located somewhere in Tas mania. The communication went on to aay that a relative of Scully's had died, and that tbe missing man was heir to a large property in India, which he could have on application. Prompt as usual, it did not take the police long to discover the wanderer, who was in the direst poverty, with hardly any clothcs on his back. Super intendent Pcdder informed Henry Scully of the good fortune thst had befallen him, who would hardly believe it to be true. The superintendent then wrote back to India stating the man's whereabouts were known, and that he was still in the land of the living. Scully iu tho meantime went back into the wilds of Tasmania, chopping down trcc-s, etc. Nothing was heard of the matter until yesterday, when Superintendent Pedder received a communication from India | enclosing a post office order for £10, but not ; the slightest word of advice as to who it wss ; from or what he was to do with it. The in ferenc; he draws, however, is to the effect that it is intended for Henry Scully, but he is waiting for advices from lodia, which he thinks have gone astray somewbere,but expects them to turn up in the near future. The property is said to be an extensive one, with a good value attached to it. Bights to Grants of Land. — His Honor Sir Lambert Dobsou, C.J., in the course of an argument before the Supreme Court on Friday (says the Mercury), in tbe Moss case, gave an interesting history of the procedure which had been observed in the paet connected with the grant of lands from the Crown. He said the question of tbe rights to grants of land was originally decided by the Caveat Board, and of which board he vras the last survivor. That body reported to the Governor whether the applicant was iu equity and good conscicnce entitled to the laud he applied for; but it was in the discretion of the Governor to say whether he would act upon the report or not. In ItiSB, however, the jurisdiction of the Caveat Board was .transferred to the Judges of the Snprcmc Court, and the Sapreme Court was required to report to the Governor as to who, in equity and good conscience, was entitled to the grant of any land applied for ; but it was no longer dis cretionary for the Governor to actor not upon tbat report. He was obliged to comply with it ; and tho Legislature declared thpt that report should be blading, finally and conclusively, upon all parties concerned. That was still the practice. Seizing a Bailwat Line.— Tbe Pre mier (Mr Seddon) haying returned to Wel lington after visiting tbe Maoris in the Taranaki district, a Cabinet meeting was held (says the Duncdin correspondent of the Argut oo the 27th ult.) at which it ftppiare to have been dccided to take a step fraught with the gravest couscquences. This was the talcing possession of the Midland Bail way Compaq's railway. The company if an English one, formed on the representa tions of a delegate sent to London by a syndicate of men from the various district interested. Tbe company, unable to raise sufficient capital, and failing to make termf with tne uovernment, resorted to arbitra tion, as provided for in the contract. These proceedings temporarily failed, as no agree ment could be arrived at about appointing a referee, but it was understood that the pro ceedings were only deferred. ? Bnt the Go vernment, deeming that a breach of the contract has occurred, coupled with inex cusable delay, has taken formal poE6essionof the railway under tbe Governor's warrant. The proceedings are taken under the Rail way Construction and Land Act, lUtil, and formal possession was taken by the resident engineer at Greymouth, the Under- Secretary for Public Works, and the Crown Solicitor at Welling ton, and a peg marked with a broad arrow driven into the line. The Midland Railway Compan.i 'e staff were notified that their ser vices would be required as usual, but they would be under the control of the district traffic manager. The Governor's warrant cets forth that unreasonable and inexcusable delay has ta^en plaoo, and a wilful broach of contract committed. Tho contract, it may be stated, expired on January 17 last, and tbe Gov«.romcnt estimate that less than one-.Ufth of the total amount has been expanded and completed. The company has the' right to appeal to a judgj of the Supreme Court, whose decieion as to whether there has been unreisB -nuble delay or a breach of contract shall !-c final. The Act provides that accounts shall be taken every six months, and the balance, iE any, paid over to tbe company, or if there be a loss pa% mcnt may be demanded, : and, if not forthcoming within 12 months of the duo date three months' notice of the intearion to assame ownership may be given, and, failing payment within that period, the railway will vest absolutely in tb Governor. PBBSEKYiKg Tim^e^.— ' Thore is about to be introduced into England,' sa;-8 1 Engineering, ' a process of preserving tim ber which has been for some } ears in opera tion in the United States, the details of which have been worked out by Colonel Haskin. Ordinarily the treatment of timber to obviate decay consists in the application, after being dried, of some antiseptic — chloride of sine, sulphate of copper, bi chloride of mercury, and, much more es 1 tnnsively, crcosotc. But Colonel Haskin believcB tfcat t^e limbdtin ite'grccn state has in itself tnfe'propertics essential to preserva tion, and the proc. bb associated with his name is designed to utilise those properties. The wood Id its green s ate is placed in a large air-tight vessel, and is there subjected to an air pressure, varying, according to the Um ber, from 1501b to gOQlb to^he square inch ; an 4 lb ^8 »if is drieef first and heated by passing jhinogh pipes over a stove, the ultimate temperature being from SOOdeg to 460deg Fahr., according to the nature of the wood. The effeot is said to be a chemical change in those compounds — albuminous, galloons, retfnoue or oleaginous— which Constitute the sap of the tree, so tbat the fluid matter becomts invotablc, and coagu* latcd in tbe poveg, preventing aceomposition. Thi? fesultfr attained in about eight boars' treatment for, say, a mahogany log 12in thick, tbe time varying with the thickness. The proocu has thus the merit at least of great rapidity, bnt time alone is the arbiter of its preserving quaUM'*' . SrABBED jjr a Ghost.— For some time past (aays a Ballarat, Victoria, cxchango) I th^re has been much talk of ghosts walking it nightin.BiIlarat . To-night a new phase wna cntcredoo. At 7-80 o'clock Frederick 1\. 1'arkpan aged miner, residing at Mount Pleasant, was walking along Eureka -street to meet -his wife, when he saw a peculiar figure chasing the woman, and . Bhe was screaming.' tark gave chase and came up with the fellow, who was dressed in a white Bmock, with a coffin lid Cft long on his back, and his face smeared with phosphorus. The old miner grappled with him, and both fell to the ground, Park getting a firm hold of his leg -and calling for help. Finding he could not set awjiy the ghost drew a knife and elabbea Park in the atin, cutting through the coat and drawing blood. He then escaped. . Park reported the matter to the police and showed the wounds. He describes the 'ghost' as being about 85 years old, and a powerful man. Mrs Westlaw, wife of the city missionary, and other residents of tho neighborhood confirm his story so far aB hearing his wife screaming for help, but they all appear to have been afraid to go to her rescue. The German Empeboe as Inventob.— The London correspondent of the Birminp ham Pott hears from an authoritative source in Berlin that tbe latest achievement of the German Emperor is tho invention of a new alow-burning smokeless powder, which he has decldcd to call Rexitc. The explo sive, though its constituents have been bo far kept profoundly eccrct, is known to be of a very light steel-blue tiot, and in the few ex periments which have been made with it it is said to have developed satisfactory force without either noise or Bmoke. It, however, emits a rather brilliant flame, and a smell which might become somewhat unpleasant when conslderablo quantities are exploded. It is also interesting to observe that in find ing a name for his latest discovery the KaiseT has shown bis customary regard lor monarchical privilege. I A Tall 6naee YabN. — Queensland isde- 1 tcrmincd not to be far behind in snake I stories. This is guaranteed as authentic : — ! 41 Miss M'Ewen, now Jlrs Ellis, lived with her mother and sisters on the Brisbane j Bivcr in a locality notorious for black i snakes. The girle were bo accustomed to these reptiles that the sadden presence of one inspired no fear whatever. Tbe dairy was the great attraction for the snakes, as they are very fond of milk. Family seated at dinner. Miss Kate M'Bwcn called to the servant to bring her a basin of milk. 1 The jog of milk is on the table,' said her mother. * I want the basin of milk brought at once, please, and without a moment's delay,1 said Kate, without moving a muscle. The basin was handed to her, and ahe quietly placed it on the floor close to' her foot. Then a black snake slowly uncoiled himself from the calf of her leg and glided over to the milk.' These is i?0Q-i reason for the popularity of Chamberlain's Cough Bcrnody. Davis and Buzard, of West Monterey, Clarion Co., Pa., say : ' It has cured people that our physicians could do nothing for. We per suaded tbcm to try a bottle of Chamber Iain's Cough Remedy, and they now recom mend it with the reet of ub.' For sale by all dealers.— Hatton and Laws, General Agents. la the advertising columns in this issue appears a notice calling attention to the wonderful power of the gTcat healer, 11 Vitadatio' in all cases of blood disease, ctc. Dr. B. Kidd contradicts a rumor circulated tbat he contemplates leaving Evandale, 