CRUMBS. France waxing fat and kioking. Savings Bank deposits, £2,691,272, Greedy eyas on the Savings Bank, Our new Oovernor of roysd lineage. Saving* Bank management • remarkable snooess. The depositors oonldn't Irish for bettor security. A perfect faith would lift us absolutely above fear. Constant thought will overflow in words nn oonsoiously. Annual ooet of retaining Ohitral set down at £125,000. Mr. Harry Tarner and family have left at for South Africa. Croat Boulder and Lake View mines' water supply replenished. Martial glory is still the primary national j ideal of the French. English Cabinet will not be moved by Ame riosn-Irish bombast. The Register would support State advances on oertain oonditions. Weep, and you weep alone; laugh, and the world iaughe with yon, Mr. Crayeon, Jan., drops his bnmptions tone in ha last letter. A prize of 1,000 guineas for the best self propelled road oarriage. Amusing to hear paid legislators aoouse the Free* of commercialism. To take away the grievances of some people is to make them unhappy. " Blame the Premier for stumping the oountry t Perish the thought!" What a lot of explanations are needed oon oerning the State Advances Bill. The democrats are getting exoited over their j "Pat-your-hand-in-the-Bsg Bill." Charley would like us all to forget that he ] ever opposed giving women a vote. By removing a microbe the lily has had ita existence prolonged fer months. Free ednoation gives a better return than 1 payment of members of Parliament. 1 Cardinal Moran saye federation must be a j subject of patriotism oommon to all. Of all the oreatodoomforts, God is the lender, you are the borrower, not the owner. Lady not yet appointed in Dr. Magarey's j plaoe on the Hospital Board. Why? Providence bra given us hope and alesp as a compensation for the many oares of life. "The wonderful blessings of the Christian | religion." That's from Mr. Quong Tart. j The Savings Bank oame out of a trying year j nearly £200,000 bettor off th&n; the Treasury. Glynn quoted, apropos Atohibald— Sure he hatb a hurricane of devils la bis tongue; Be uttoretb such balls of wild Are. Not muoh independence will be left to the Savings Bank if the management is taken | over. The Premier was rather unreasonable in hie rsferenoes to the Opposition leader at Ta nnnda. Charley might give lectures to some of our Jnstloea on the elementary principles of right doing. Only by thinking of the best that can be done oan we find the range of tbe best tbat we can do. He who gives himself airs of importanoe exhibits the credentials of impotenoe.— | Levator. The Premier says be is ready for any emer gency now. Does he carry a Colt in hi* hip ! pocket f | Newspapers should be proteotod against ] civil actions brought by worthless ad venturers. Pious Russians do not eat pigeons beoense of the aanotity conferred on the dove in the Scriptures. The man who has to lobktwioetoseean opportunity generally finds some one else in possession of it. Experienced Larry O'Loughlin says we have now about the best Parliament the oountry ever had. What an aohievement to know how to bear | a corroding sorrow without letting the nicer* i ■how on the face. j The new English Cabinet oarries as heavy metal aa those whioh in times put have made j the nation illustrious. When the missionaries pleaded for their 1 lives the mob were told—" Von know your orders; kill outright." j The blessings of tbe Christian religion are ] best eeen in contrast to the darkness and i cruelty of heathenism. Abstract truth and abstract beanty are] stated to be masks whioh we fix upon the j grim faoes of real facts. ] It does not follow that because a father is happy with one, that he ehouid be thrioe happy with three babies. J Charles Cameron jsays his is a "working. Government." Wouldn't "talking Govern- j ment" be more aoourste ? "A perfect bear's garden" 1s the "Rev. J, Haalam'e description of the late Methodist ] Federal Council meeting. OhesB ohampion Lasker again heat the ex champion Stoinitz—tbe triumph of youth and genina over age and talent 1 Cost of management of Saving* Bonk for year was 7s. 7id. per £100, being Is. lfd. leu than in the preceding jeer. . A bright little Scotch lassie at Sou Park wm asked what a alut mi, and replied, " Why a ben dog, of oouree." foot. Professor Ball a aye that the actual mo mentum of some of the tiniest meteors is equivalent to that of a canon ball. The Duke of Argyle deolares that m a child [ he positively hated books; to-day he is one of , the most well-read men of the time. I During the last twenty years,.700 mis sionaries of the congregation of the Holy Ghost hare died in the Prenoh Congo. Dr. Joseph Cook eays there are only five or six of the Amerioan daily newspapers that a oareful man would allow hu family to read. The rain, the rain, the beautiful run, Slushing the roads and slopping the plain; The rain, the rain, the beautiful tats, And I've lent my new umbrella again. The news of Lacker vanquishing Stoinitz is interesting, but the name* of the leading players at Hasting* would have been pre ferable. Charley says good stiff poHtioal blows oan be dealt without loss of temper and without loss of dignity. Does he praotise what be preaohes ? Those Penola Justices, while finding a defendant guilty, made the complainant pay oosts on the ground that bo was *he better able to do so. Sydney'* Chief 3uatioe thinks that treating a wife day after day a* though ehe were a log of wood is far greater cruelty of a refined kind thus aotual beating. Mr. John Sharp, a jute-spinner of Dundee, died lately worth £737,360, and lefb £3,000 to assist his aged employe* when they beoame in capaoited for work. The Rev. W. It. Morton recommends for rheumatio fever eight drops of liquid ammonia in half a tumbler of water eaoh day for two or three days. Religious life in theoolonies compares very favourably with the religious life at heme, and *o did the ministers here with the ministers at home.—Rev. T. Cook. "JStgiiter reporters are dirsoted nob to know | persons or politios, but to faithfully represent what takes place under their observation, pre suming that it is of public interest." When the Ministry , complains bfaib the Rtgitter attaoks its policy, and when promi nent Oppositionists tearfully depreoate the paper's independent attitude, who out eay it'o a party organ 1 A teetotaller writes i—" When there are no criminals, lunatioa, paupers, and police to bo maintained on aooonnt of the drink traffio, I'll be only too glad to pay a direot tax for being an abstainer." The Obterver would support State mdvanoe* on three oonditiona1, That the loans were necessary, and could be granted without in creasing the baneful speoulative spirit. 8. That they were not limited to any one ol&as; of colonists. 3, That the system governing them was freed from poHtioal influence. A new etory of Sir John Maodonald is told. Sir John was at a reoeption in the west, and a Bishop from Belgium was present. As the party were being escorted by a body of men in Highland costume the foreign Bishop, see ing the bare legs and kilts, asked why theae men were without trousers. " It's just a looal custom," gravely replied Sir John. " In some plaoes people take off their hate as * mark of honoar to distinguished gaoats—here they take off their trousers." They are slates who fear to speak For the fallen and the weak; Thsyaro slaves who will not choose Hatred, scoffing, and aboae. Bather than In silence shrink From the truth they needs must think; They are slaves who dare not he In the right with two or three. —Jamet Swell Lowell. 