A Boy’s Prank and Its Eesults. Francis was the boy’s name, ami Ada was ins Francis was a bright, mischievous boy. He was the head of his clasB in school, but through hiB tricks he was always getting into trouble. b . Ada, his sister, was quite different, beitfg rather delicate—a very quiet, gentle girl. No brother and sister were ever more unlike, her almost black hair, dark eyes and sallow complexion forming a striking contrast to his fair nair, grey eyes, and that mischievous look which never left his face. Francis liked to frighten his sister, and being fond of reading ghost stories (the ‘more fright ing the better), he was able to pick out one to tell his sister that would have made the hair of most people stand on end. This night the wind was howling around the houso, and Francis was telling his sister a most terrifying ghost story. When he had come to the end of it, Ada was looking frightened indeed. “Now, you silly thing, I expect you will be seeing & ghost,** her brother said. But Ada remembered the ghost all the next day. Even in the afternoon it haunted her. The school was nearly a mile off, but that day they were let out a little earlier than usual, in order to he homo before it rained. A heavy thunderstorm was coming up. Ada had to go to the store for some groceries, and by the time she was half way home, aha had to stop at a neigh bor's house for shelter from the storm. Francis had gone straight home. Down the rain came m torrents, lightning flashing everywhere. It waB nearly dark when the storm was over, j The water lay in pools on the ground. Ada had yet half a mile to go through a thick denBB scrub. ThiB was not all. A waterhole that she had to go past was said to be haunted. A few months before a tramp had been found drowned in it. Since then, after dark, a tramp j wns said to roam about there. i As she walked along, the branches threw down showers of raindrop1*. The moon came up bright and clear, shining down between the branches. . , The ghost story kept running through Ada s head. She quits expected to see the tramp’s ghost. Trembling with fear, she crept up nearer and nearer the waterhole. “Oh! If she only knew some other track than that past the waterhole.** , She dare not leave the narrow track, winding in and out among tho bushes. She knew no other way. Hark ! what was that.noise ? Was not that something? It moved, It was not a stump, was it ? She stood still. No, it was only a shadow. ! But—something further on, quite white and motionless. The branches moved, and the light fell on it. Only a bough of withered leaves. She started on again, when something sprang out from behind a bush. It stood against the dark background of leaves white and shrouded. The ghost! Slowly it raised its hand as if in warning. There it stood, white aud motionless as a statue. For one moment did Ada stand trans fixed ; then, with a terrified cry, she dashed madly away. But was not the ghost rather small r It laughed. To hsr the laugh was terrible, but in reality it was one she should have known very Splash ! she wsb in tho waterhole! She had run right into it in her fright. The ghost’s hand fell, aud he ran toward the waterhole. There was Ada, right in the - middle, struggling. Down she disappeared. I A few bubbles arose. That was all. Tho ghost saw this, and flung of? the Bhroud. Now it was tho ghost no longer—only Francis, Ada’s brother. Francis jumped in after his sister. But the waterhole was a arge one, and he could not find her. He was frightened. What could he do ? If she was not found at once she would be drowned. He bad only meant to frighten her. Had he killed her ? It was regret os much as fear that hauuted Troublesome ghosts both. As soon as he scrambled out he gave one look around. If she wero not saved, and it werekbown he had played ghost, he would get into trouble; bung, perhaps, he thought. He thought he need not say anything about it. _ He snatched up the sheet which woe now quite wet with the shrubs that at every breeze sent down a shower of rain with a pelter. Bolling it up under his arm, he ran home. He had never run so fast before. A number of shrubs grew beneath the gam trees, and everywhere the stag-fern and fallen logs covered the place. As soon as Francis reached home he threw the shroud in through the window. He had already made up the story he would tell his mother. She was preparing a supper for Ada. “ Ada's fallen in the watorhole; sHi was running hard and fell in. I couldn’t get her His father and a man off the farm ran off at once, but the waterhole was deep, and dark night had come, far the moon was again clouded. Years ago—for the waterhole was very old— a large tree had crashed rieht into it, and some of its limbs still remained there. At last they got her dead body, and carried it Francis, when bed-time came, was sent to bed. He bad wrung tbe sheet as dry as possible, and pat it in his bed. Not a very comfortable bed, nor a very good A damp sheet and a guilty consciences Horrible dreams of ghosts and waterholes haunted him all night long. in the morning he was told that Ada was The thought of how had a brother he had been kept running through his mind. How he had always tried to frighten her. If she had not fallen into the waterhole, they would most likely have quarrelled and made it up, and he would have thought no more about it. That day the inquest was held, and the Coroner asked Francis all sorts of questions. This gentleman’s sharp eyes seemed to read his very thoughts, yet Francis was afraid to tell the truth. Ada was buried, and Francis cried bitterly. He wanted to tell, and yet was afraid. The next morning he did not get up. He was too sick to leave his bed, and had a fever ish appearance. In the afternoon ho began to ramble. A doctor was sent for. “ Clearly a case of brain fever,”he said.1 Ho must be watched very closely, as there is no saying what he may do." Francis kept on calling to Ada during the night. Ho believed she was there, heaping him with reproaches. The next morning the doctor came again, and gave Francis a sleeping draught. Soon after he sunk into a quiet sleep, and his mother, who had been watching all night, took' a short rest. Presently Francis woke up. No one, he thought, in his delirium, was there but Ada. “ Go dway, Ada; go away. I did not know you would fall iu. I only meant to frighten ^ His mother, who awoke at the first sound, now started up, wondering. AH of a sudden the truth flashed on her mind. He had often tried to frighten his sister. She harried into his room, bat he was not She looked out of the window. He was running into the Bcrub as hard as possible, with a sheet thrown over his head. She ran out, and after him, calling to his father, who was working a little way off. Both gave chaBe. They did not overtake him until he had reached the fatal water-hole. As he now stood still they slackened their ^IJpout of the water-hole, it seemddto Francis, there arose a figure. Francis folded the sheet quite close about him, and bent over the water hole as if looking for something. To his fevered fancy, it seemed'that the figure threw back long, dark hair from its face. It was Ada! Francis stood still—looking fixedly at the im aginary figure. Then, he thought, Ada called him. He mado a start, and fell in head first, and immediately sank, being unable to struggle on account of the sheet. His mother and father rushed to the spot. His father jumped in to save Francis. He could not find him at onoe, for to dive under the limb was decidedly dangerous, and when he did at last tied him and threw him on the bank, he too wus dead. 