A SERMON ON THE REAL PRESENCE. At St. Pater a Ohuroh, Aebtoa-aaaer.-Lyae, the Vioar (the Rev. Dr. W. B. Kirk) preached on the above aubjeot. He said " Traqsub- stantiation is the Romish dootrine of the Lord's Sapper, meaning thereby ah entire ohange of the bread into the body and divinity of the Lord Jeana, and of the wine into Hie blood, leaving no trace of either bread or wiae after the aot of consecration. This extraordinary dootrine has been th9 oausa of increasing superstition, and prodaotive of great misery, and ahedding of mnch blood for age3 past. It might have been thought that at the Reformation thia doctrine had been ornahed oat, bat not so. It has sprang hp again, like the heads of the hydra, and has been introduced by the Ritualists into the Ohuroh of Eagland aader another name, called ' The Real Presence.1 They teaoh that Christ is really present— divinity and humanity —but veiled within the bread and wine. In other words, the bread beoomes a reoeptaole of the same body of Christ that was ornoified on the oroaa, together with His divinity, and the wine Is ohanged into Hia blood. ; I will let these Ritualists speak for themselves ; they have published a little book, ' The Manual of the Confraternity of the Blessed Siorameht ' (London : 78, New Bond street), and on page 32 we find : — ' Thou art truly present, Thy divinity, and Thy humanity;' page 33, 'I adore Thee, 0 Lord, my God, whom I now behold veiled beneath these earthly forms. Again, on page 41 : 1 Jesu, our wonderful God, who vouchsafes to be present upon the altar when the priest pronounoes the words of consecration,' Hero we see the priest makes the ohange — but who made the priest ? He must have made himself, for there is no suoh thing on earth as a divinely appointed priest. The Lord Bishop of Manchester, in his sermon on Sunday last (January 30th), showed dearly that, there was no proof that St. Peter was ever Bishop of Rome, and the Ohuroh of Rome acknowledges that, if he , was, not Bishop of Rome, the whole Cuurbh falls into ruins, because it is from the faot of his baing so they derive all their power. (Sse Di Bruno on The Catholic Faith,' pages 113 and .119.) Now, it the Romish Ohuroh- cannot prove apostolic suooeBsion, neither >can the Ritualists, for they borrow, from Rome, and pretend they get their OrJsrs from them ; therefore, there is no snoh thing, as a priest, as understood by both parties. If this is so, the smallest child in our sohools could as easily make a ohange in the bread and wine as the Pope of Rome or Archbishop of Canterbury. And yet we read in a little Ritdalistio book called 'The Plain Gaide,' 'that nothing but the mighty words of Jeans, spoken by His priests in the oonaeoration prayer can bring Christ down front above.' As Ohuroh people we all believe that Christ is. God; ban it therefore, be that these priests pretend to have control over Him ' who hath measured the waters in the' hollow of His hand and meted out heaven with the span ? ' and oalleth the stars by their names, who ' sitteth npon the oirole of the earth, and the inhabitants thereof are as grasshoppers.' Even David, the Lord's Prophet, feeling his own nothingness, ex claimed, 'lama worm and no man.' Shall then, a creature compared with a grasshopper, and worm, bring down at bis will the everlasting God, with the body of Him who suffered on the cross, to take np His abode in -a piece of bread,- that He may become spiritual food for the prieBt and bis dupes? But, it may be 'objected/ are not' all things possible with God ? Certainly ; but it is not beoause He can do all things that therefore He will do everything we deBire ; we must be guided by the Holy SoriptureB as to what we may expeat. These men have no warrant for anything they do, but 'teach for doctrines tne commandments of men.' These so-called priests 'would be much better occupied by preaching 'the truth as it is in Jesus' than by turning their backs on their congregations, and bowing down and worshipping a pieoe of 'bread on the table. Besides, do these men consider that if they really had the power they profess, how awful would be the thought 'that the real body and blood of Christ could be made an instrument of death for those he came to save. The following is a great historic faot, Bishop Jewell tells us, in hie ' Apology of the Church of England,' that Henry VII. of Germany (1308) was poisoned by a consecrated host, and that Pope Viotor III. was poisoned in the consecrated chalice, the chief authority for the latter being '.liartinus Polanns, the, Pope's Penitentiary. How very different in character are these pretended miracles of the Papists and Ritual ists from the miracles of our Lord and His Apostlesl When Christ raised the dead, opened the eyes of the blind, stilled the storm, and caBt out, devils, it was evident to alia iniraole was performed ; and even when He forgave a man his sins, in order that He might show that He had power to do so He accompanied it with a visible miracle. (Mark ii. 10, 11.) Let the Ritualists do the same. If they perform a miracle which oannot be discovered by the hnman lenses, let them work a visible one which all will acknowledge. Bnt they won't pretend to do that, because they know they soon woold be discovered. The religion of the Ritualists is human throughout, depending on the offioee of man, as the following, by ' An Anglican Priest,' will show. He said : ' I know that I am born -again, for I am baptized. I know that I am strengthened with the Holy Geost, for I am confirmed. I know that past cinB are forgiven, beoause God's priest has said, I absolve thee. I know that I have a right to stand here, and the far clearer right to Btand at yonr font and altar, because God's bishop laid his hands on my head, and Baid, Reoeive the Holy Ghost,' &o.; This is, in fact, salvation by the priest through formB and ceremonies, but as there is no word in the Bible or Prayer Book about apostolic institution or divine appointment, it would be better to seek the Holy Ghost from God than the Bishop, and not be content with mere external rites. The Vioar having alluded to the trne nature of the Lord's Supper, concluded by quoting the Archdeaoon of Warrington's words: 'Let us pray that all onr clergy may be content to be what they are, and be more diligent in their proper mission as faithful ambassadors for Christ in preaching the everlasting gospel of the grace of God.in all its fullness of epiritnal blessing, 'its parity, simplicity, and power, and, above all, in its completeness of sacrifice once; offered and' finished on the Cross eighteen, hundred years ago.' 