Mr. Smith's Item. He came into the office, and drawing a chair up close to a reporter's table, he said to the reporter :— " Take a bit of paper, and I'll give you a good item." "When the reporter was ready the visitor began : " Yesterday afternoon Mrs. Smith— my wife, you know—and my daughter drove out with my bay mare for a little ride. Jenny was driving the mare, coming down from Airy to the Wissadickon, when, just below the crest of the hill she kicked off one of her shoes." " Jenny did V' " No : the mare. Mrs. Smith however, concluded to go on, as the roads were soft and the mare quiet; so Jenny let her proceed slowly down the hill." " Let Sirs. Smith or the mare ?" " The mare, of course. A few minutes later, however, while Jenny was stopping to pick some ferns for her mother, a fly or something bit her upon the nose. : ' " Upon Jenny's nose, or her mother's " No. no ! The mare's nose ; bit the mare on the nose, and Jenny hardly had time to get back into the carriage before she began to rear and plunge in the most alarming manner." " Not Jenny ?" " O ! pshaw, the animal, the mare. Mrs. Smith, of course, was very much frightened, for the mare seemed really much excited, and she began to scream violently, and try to get out of the back of the carriage." " The mare did T' "•Mrs. Smith, liut Jenny told her she could manage the-mire if she would sit still."" " If the mare would sit—V' " If her mother would sit still, but just then a buckle broke, and Jenny was unable to prevent the mare from dashing down the hill at a frightful pace. When they came to the bridge over the creek, Mrs. Smith was overjoyed to observe the mare come to a dead stop ; but, unhappily, the next moment a fit of blind staggers struck her, and—" " Struck Mrs. Smith, or the—?" " Don't you understand ? Struck the mare, and before Jenny could comprehend the situation, she reeled about upon the bridge in an uncertain sort of way, while Mrs. Smith completely unnerved and without self-control, and the next moment she turned an entire somersault over the side of the bridge into the water." " Are you referring now to Sirs. Smith, or Jenny, or the mare '?" " Why the mare! Of course she dragged the carriage in with her, and Sirs. Smith and Jenny in it. All three sank to the bottom, but the mare almost immediately struck out for shore, and Jenny clasped her by the tail. As they swain past Sirs. Smith, Sirs. Smith clutched at her dress—" " Not the mare's dress ?" " At Jenny's dress ; and this forced her to lose her hold upon the tail." " I thought you said Jenny had hold of the tail; not Mrs. Smith ? « So I did. Mrs. Smith had hold of —the—I mean, yes, Jenny had hold of the mare's tail, and Mrs. Smith hold of her dress. " Whose dress, Jenny's or the— " You know very well what I mean. Sirs. Smith held on to Jenny and Jenny to the mare, but Sirs. Smith pulled her loose, unintentionally, of course, and as the mare swam ol Sirs Smith said to her—" " To the mare T' " You think you're smart now, don't you 1 You know well enough I mean Jenny." " Well, then, Jenny said to the mare, what ?" " I've got a notion to punch your head for you, you scoundrel." " What did she say that for ?" " I came in here," said Sir. Smith fiercely, " to give you a first-rate item, and T. was going to tell you what Sirs. Smith said about the mare being dragged from the water, and how she turned somersaults all the way home : but hanged if I'll do it now." The reporter rose slowly, and elevating a chair to ward off the missile, he calmly inquired. "What object had Sirs. Smith in turning somersaults all the way homeV' The people who saw Sir. Smith come down stairs, and emerge from the front door say he looked as white as if he had just seen a ghost. 