THE Kim Of anatomists; The late Sir Riehard_ Owen's autobiography, just completed by his grandson, the Rev. Richard Owen, contains a number of good stories (writes the London Daily Telegraph). Owen was the last man in the world to be in fluenced by superstition. He had experiences quite early in his career which fortified a mind strongly disposed by nature to require evidence for his beliefs. Nobody should ever compile books of veritable ghost stories and omit those of Richard Owen. Unlike most such narra tives, they are true and genuine, and told as the professor used to tell them they wera quite blood-curdling. The earliest may be read at length in the firstvolume. Severely condensed itisas follows: —Owen had commenced his career as a doctor at his native town,_ Lancaster, and had just completed his first dissections, the cases of two prisoners, in a room of the old castle, and he confesses tliat "the slieet having been with drawn from the cold collapsed features of the deceased, the half-opened eyes seemed to deprecate what then struck me as a desecra tion of the sanctity of .the dead- In vain my elder feUowpnpildrewmyattention to the varios pathological signs in the thoracic viscera; my gaze would still turn to the pale cold features and the glassy eyeballs." Late that night—it was in November, and a storm was rising—the young doctor had to-go to the tower alone. Just as he was about to ascend the spiral staircase a gust blew out the light of his lantern. He ascended in the dark. The wind howled in the turret, he had passed the dreaded dissect ing chamber when, be says, "I saw above me a figure at first indistinct, then in clear outline tall and' thin, leaning against or clasping the central stone pillar. My first alarm grew into a creeping, freezing horror,as staring intently upwaras I thought I distinguished the pale collapsed features and those half opened glassy eyes that had haunted me through the day. I would have called for help, but I knew it would be in vain, and I began a precipitate descent, when a second figure in white appeared below me as if to intercept my passage; that figure, too, seemed to lean against or clasp the central column, and surely it bore the features of the other corpse! For an instant I grasped the pillar for support, and gazed upon-the spectre in speechless terror (I was but young—16 only). An unusually articulate howl above and a clattering like someone in chains rapidly rushing down the staircase made me start off in desperation. As I passed the lower ghost I felt something move andfound I had dragged a sheet after me! This evidence of mate riality recalled my shattered senses. That was the apparition; a sheet had been hnng up to dry opposite a slit in the walk I hung the sheet up again, and soon saw how the round opening pictured in the bright moonlight on the sheet had made. the head of the ghost; some folds of the sheet and an excited imagination completed reascended to take a second and cool scrutiny of ghost number one. It 'was of course also due to the moonlight through the other window." Owen's "negro's head- story," here likewise told at length, is quite famous:—To enrich his craniological connection the young doctor had surreptitiously cut off the head of a fine specimen Ethiopian who was just about to be buried. On his way home after this deed—of .darkness—ihs—waa-...^iescending a-j hill when, as lie lost his balance and fell forward, the sknll dropped out of the bag, rolled, and bounded against the door of a •cottage. In that cottage a mother and daughter were at that moment discussing the horrors of the slave trade, then in full swing. They shrieked and rushed away, afterwards" declaring that they had seen " the phantom of a negro slave lying on the floor, which turned its ghastly head and glared at them for a moment with white protruding eyeballs. A figure .in black entered at the same moment." The professor used to say in tragictones, "The' mystery of that phantom - head is known to me alone." . Believers in telepathy, mahatmas, and com monplace apparitions would have received little encouragement from this apostle of re search, one of whose amusements was to extir pate all the sea-serpents that came in his way Hence the lines in Punch of that time— Who killed the sea.serpent? " I," said Professor Owen. All the world has heard of the surprise which Owen gave the scientific world when, from a fragment of bone 6 in. in length and 5J in. in its smallest circumference, coming _ from New Zealand, he came to the conclusion by pure anatomical reasoning that it must have formed the shaft of a thigh bone of some bird as large as, if not larger than, the ostrich. No such bird was known in New Zealand, and if it existed it seemed impossible it could have escaped observation. By and by the full skeleton was brought over, and when " the perfect bone arrived and was laid on the paper it fitted exactly the outline which Owen had drawn." This was the elephant-footed moa, or Dinornis Elephantopus (Owen), one of the ex tinct birds of New Zealand^ It was a triumph like this which led people-instinctively to call him the English Cuvier. Sir Richard's know ledge of the bone structure, and especially of the teeth of animals, approached the marvellous. It was difficult to find a fragment or a tooth of any creature existing or extinct which he would not instantly recognise. George Lewes relates that on one occasion a tooth fell into his hands which he could not recognise. He took it to Owen, who at once said it was the third molar •of an extinct mammal or reptile. Lewes was, he confessed, staggered by the promptitude and precision of this reply, and proceeded to test it, and so sure enough it was—the third molar of the particular fossil creature Owen had named. Before Darwin was compelled by the state of his health to leave London for Down, in Kent, Owen saw much of him, and the great naturalist thought so highly of the professor that when he brought out the "Origin of Species" he was especially anxious to have his support for his new theory. He wrote to Lyell, "How curious I shall be to know what line Owen will take! Dead against us, I fear." As a matter of fact he was not dead against the doctrine of natural selection, and so far as can- be ascer tained he never expressed a definite opinion on Darwinism, but there can be no doubt that he preferred : bis own scheme of Nature, which attributed all existing animal forms to certain original "archetypes" something like Elato's "ideas"—which of course require an origi nating, designing mind. ■ 