. A GHOST AT SEA. V v BY BILLY NOTTS. " I can call spirits from the vasty deep." — tShakespeabb. ".What shall I do for a Christmas ghost story?" Such was the interrogatory which I put to myself, as I was strolling one evening along the foreshore at Sanri- ridge, as that; marine suburb was then known, but which has now blossomed into a municipality, and been dignified nnfch frhfi f.ifclp of "Port Mnlhnnrno f fc .d been in the habit of contributing suudry short tales and sketches to a local jour- nal whenever I became infected with the eacoethes scribendi, and had exercised my inventive faculties in the compilation of a few ghost stories to enliven the festive season. I had pretty well exhausted my imaginative powers, in this, to most readers, fascinating species of literature ; I had impressed in my service apparitions of all sorts and conditions, from the sham ghost of tho" practical joke order to the orthodox spook who delights in roaming about ruined castles and decayed baronial mansions, robed in trailing garments of diaphanous texture, to the music of blood curdling groans and clanking chains, and now I vainly racked my brains to invent a new species of goblin. But an inexor able necessity in the shape of a peremp tory editor, bad issued his stern demand — " Give us a ghost story for Christmas" — and with the consciousness that there was no appeal from ' this stern, fiat, I sought the seclusion of my humble abode in the neighborhood already men tioned. But hammer away as I might at the idea, my brains refused to excogitate anything novel in the super natural line, so starting up, I clapped on my hat, and strolling down Bay street made for the beach, where by the sounding sea I might ruminate at leisure. Bub all was of no avail, aud as the shades of night fell upon the broad expanse of Hobson's Bay, and the distant lights began to twinkle from Williams- town, I retraced my steps, and turned into one of the humbler pubs, to seek a stimulant for my exhausted intellect. Some rather noisy specimens of the sailor species were holding high revelry in the small bar; so nob feeling inclined for jovial companionship just then, 1 turned from the passage into a little parlor, the door of which stood invitingly ajar. As I stepped in, I was half inclined to re treat, for to my dismay and vexation it was already occupied, though I heard no sound to denote that such was the case, and at my first entry a dense cloud of tobacco smoke effectually obscured my vision. When I had become a little accustomed to this fuliginous atmosphere I saw that the occupants of the room were three in number, and seated at three sides of a small table, all evidently of the maritime class, and all diligently adding to the murky vapor which pervaded the room by a vigorous application to their pipes ; but the glasst-s before them were empty, which probably accounted for the solemn silence which seemed to have fallen upon them. I had halted with tho idea of beating a retreat, when the brilliant idea flashed through my mind — " Why not prospect for a ghost story among this nautical trio? Sailors, as a class, have the reputation of being superstitious, and it was quite possible that with a little strategy I might extract from at least one of the group some ghostly experience which might serve as the foundation for my much-desired narrative. " By Jove ! I'll try it," I said sotto voce, and advancing into the room and taking a seat at the fourth side of the table, took a rapid survey of my companions. The first on my left was a young man in the orthodox sailor rig, which admir ably suited his lithe, well-knit figure, which showed activity and agility in every movement. His sunburnt countenance was lighted up by two bright brown eyes and a jovial smile, and his thick crop of curly liair of the same hue as his eyes" was surmounted with a glazed straw hat, set well back, as is the fashion of Bailors. He was somewhat of a nautical dandy, for he PUJ " £j" a— "ilk handkerchief nf many colours, a bright blue ribbon around his hat, aud small gold rings in his ears, a species of affectation which in no way de tracted from his tout ensemble as a smart foretopman. The second man, on my right, was a decidsd contrast to this mari time dandy, being of small stature, old and wizened, garbed in a loose blue shirt, rather the worse for wear, tarry trousers, and a Scotch cap covering his scanty grey locks. His face looked as if carved from mahogany, and was seamed with wrinkles till it resembled a railway map of England ; his nose was of the snub order, his eyes small, but twinkling with furtive merri ment, whioh expression was increased by a nervotj® upward twitch of the right cor ner <' ''is thin-lipped mouth. rhe third, whosatright opposite to me, tas a thick-set seaman of about forty, clad in a monkey-jacket, with a woollen com forter of doubtful hue about his neck, and a sou-wester upon his head. His features were heavy and rather repellent, with a nose which had once been aquiline, but seemed to have been broknn kj- «umO j accifl«»»t ; uuii grey eyes glowered from under the heavy penthouse of his brows, and his under lip protruded sulkily from his coarse mouth. He was un doubtedly a thorough seaman, bub one of that dissatisfied type who invariably de preciate any praise of the vessel they are engaged upon with, " Ah ! yon should have seen the last ship I sailed in. She w as a ship, she was j" in fact one of that familiar class whose privilege at sea is to " growl and go." As I sat down the trio naturally looked up and "took stock" of me; then their eyes once more dropped, despondently, but yet significantly, as I thought, upon their -mptv glasses. Seeing this I broke the silence without ceremony, adopting, as far as in my power, a nautical phrase ology. " Guod evening, mates, how goes it ?" to which the young chap replied, " Low water, mate ;" the old fellow growled, "Dam bad;" and the third grunted ; from which I inferred that their funds had run low and put a stop to their imbibing. "That's bad," said I, "but I've a sliot in the locker yet. Let's splice the main brace, as its Christman t-imn " and suiting the ; action to the word, I knocked upon the table until the landlord appeared, and bade liirn replenish the glasses. To my inquiry as to their favorite liquor, the first answered " Mine's rum," the second said "Same here," and the third nodded. I notified my drink, and all having been quickly supplied, I stood up, and with some recollection of a nauti cal formula, gave tho toast, " All ships at sea," to which the young chap responded, All ships, in port," and the navies of tho world having been honored in this comprehensive manner, we emptied our glasses. A second supply being obtained, and comradeship established, conversation soon began to flow, and I artfully diverted the discourse to nautical subjects, and after some circumlocution inquired if it wore true that ghosts had ever been seen at sea. _ " Why mate?" said the young sailor, "can't a ghost take a passage where he likes, and without saying ' with your leave or by your leave' to the skipper? You just ask old Ned yon der, and. he'll spin you a yarn as long as the main-top bowline. " - ' ' Avast heaving, Tom, said the old sailor thus addressed "maybe I could and maybe I conld'nt, but as you're so free with your jawing tackle, spose you pitch in fust, and let's see what you know about ghosts." The third, who appeared to be a man of few words, and to be very sparing of them, nodded appro val, and as I also signified that I would he glad to hear Tom's experience, he at once, with a wink to me and a comical side-glance at his mates, com menced his yarn. "I aint going to spin you a cuffer about the Flying Dutchman, 'cos nobody be lieves in him now-a-days, nor about that Yankee ship that they can't get a crew to sail her nowhow 'cos she's haunted by the ghosts of. her captain and officers wot was killed in a mutiny, bub I'll give you a yarn about a ghost that was seen, ay, and spoke to, by a whole ship's company. It was somewhere in the forties, I disremember the year, when I was a foremast hand on board the old j Regulus, one of the old tubs, slow but sure, and we were out a week br two from Honduras, loaded; up with ma hogany and bound for London.; Our skipper, was a Scotchman, a rum old card, not hard on his men, but rather too fond of prying about and poking his nose into corners when you never expected him. Well, we were ' booming, along one night with a fair wind, no moon, but just nice and starlight. I was with the watch on deck, and as everything was. quiet, we coiled away Anywhere for a snooze. I had just taken about forty winks, when we were roused up with a norful yell, and the man who was doing his trick at the wheel, came flying forard with his eyes starting out of his head, hollering out " A ghost, a ghost !" Well of corse we were all taken aback, but the first mate collars him and gives him a shake. "Ghost bo i" shouts lie, "what do you mean by leaving the wheel, you lubber?" " It's there,". says the man, shaking all over like a dog in a wet sack. " It's where?" says the mate, giving him another shake, v" At the wheel," says the man, and tumbles down all of a heap; " Here look after this- — —swab " says the mate, " while I go and see what's the meaning of this little game." So aft he goes, and creeps up the poop ladder very quietly, for you see he wasn't very sure himself about the thing, when all of a sudden, just as his head came level with the poop deck, he slides down, again and comes to where we were standing in the waist, and looking rather white about tho gills too. " No mistake, boys," "says he, " there is something queer at the wheel. Come with me." So we all follered.him aft and stared up at the poop, : and there, by George, was a tall figure in white, standing quite still and holding on to the spokes of tile wheel. It was the first time any on us had seen a ghost steering, and we didn't half like it, but we stood there staring like so many stack pigs, when the ghost cried out, " Eh, but is there nane o' ye wili come and tak' the wheel ?" Then the mate burst out larfin'. " Why, I'll be hanged if it isn't the skipper himself" says he, and so it was sure enough. You see, he woke up in the night, and feeling uneasy about the ship's course, came on deck in the long white nightgown and stiff pointed night cap he always put on, and being in his bare feet we didn't hear him, nor the ehap at the wheel neither. He managed to sneak be hind him, and was peaking over his shoulder to take a squint into the bin nacle, when the man, hearing something rustle belimd him, looked round. Per haps he'd been dozing, or perhaps he'd been thinking, anyhow when he saw tho' figure in white so close, he gave a yell, and letting the wheel spin, made a jump for the main-deck. Of corse the skipper laid hold of the spokes in a jiffy, and had to wait till someone else came and took it._ He didn't say much, for he was shivering with the cold, being only in his nightgown, and made off to his cabin as quick as lie could, but you bet he didn't do much ghost-walking afterwards for the rest of the voyage. There, that's the only ghost T ever seen, and I reckon my yarn's truer than a lot you've heard." As he finished he drained his glass with " Here's luck," and as the rest followed his example, his vis-a-vis old Ned chuck led, and the silent man grunted. For my own part I felt rather disappointed, as I certainly could not aco-pt this as a bona- fide nautical ghost. However as old Ned nodded and winked to me mysteriously as if to signify he could contribute some thing better, I ordered in another supply of rum, and begged him to give us his experiences. "Ay, ay, sir," h9 responded, I 'I'll heave ahead dreckly. But for all Marster Tom there thinks hisself so clever, he'd not be so smart if he'd seen wot I've seen, and he wouldn't feel partikler jolly over it neither. All right guvnor, here goes, without any more backing and filling. It don't matter when it was, but it was a long while ago, when I could shin aloft a little smarter than I can now, and I iv as doing my turn as an A.B. on a big ship bound round the Oape on the India and China voyage. We was full-handed, as those Iudiamen always was, with a smart crew nigh all Britishers, for in those days skippers did'nt have to ship a lot of Dutchmen and Portegees, and such like raffle to make up their number. But we had one, worse luck, and it was all along of him the trouble began. Ho was a Portegee, a Dago as we call 'em, a little dark chap, as smart as a cat and jest as spiteful if you rubbed him the wrong way. The rest of us didn't bother him much, for we didn't like the trim of him, and I 'spose that made him sulky, for he hardly ever opened his mouth to us, onless ho was obliged to. But as luck would have it there was one chap wot couldn't let him alone, and that was Pomp, the skipper's black steward, a handy sort of chap, good at polishing and pamting up when we were near port. Tliis nigger was always full of his fun nothen pleased liim t — iljl uian to play triol"- " a.10 Dag> and the more tho Dago (his right name was Pedro some- thing or other) showed his teeth and chat tered in his outlandish lingo the more the darkey would be playing his monkey tricks on him. We was feared there'd be a row before long, for the Dago would sometimes, do a little cussing in his own lingo and finger his sheath-knife, hut none of us ever thought how it would end. Well, mates, this sort of game went on, till one day Mister Pomp was coming from the cook s caboose, with a can of hot soup for the officers' dinner in the cuddy, and Pedro was sitting under the break of the poop, splieiug ropes, when as the darkey passed him, he managed to tilt some of the hot soup down Pedro's neck. Then there was ' the devil to pay and no pitch hob, with a vengeanco. Tho Dago gives a scream and jumps up and whips out his knife, the darkey drops the soup-can, and scuds for his life to the fok'sle. He had. just bolted in and was slamming the door to, when Pedro seeing him getting out of reach, lets fly his knife, as those fellers are handy at you know, and it sticks in the door just at it was shutting. A nar row squeak Master Pomp had of it flint- knnt r»f Al uuuu. \jl uuurse u ii mo was a row all over the ship, the skipper was wild at losing his soup and very near his steward too, the Dago was foaming at the moutli and dancing about and chattering like a monkey, and the rest of us was for man handling him and chucking him over the rail. Howsumever, the skipper cams out and stopped the row, the Dago was put in irons on short ' allowance for a week, Pomp got a tongue-lashing from the skipper, and the cook sent along another billy of soup. All right mates" I m coming to the ghost part now, so stow your gab. When Pedro got out of the bilboes he -was mighty quiet, too quiet we all thought, for we knowed how those Dagos will sulk and chew it over Ith?7 gefca chance to get- even with anybody they've got a grudge against; never said nothing to; Pomp, . but he d look at him sometimes out of tho corner of his eye, and his upper, lip would curl till yon could see his ivories sinning like a tiger cat's. However, as there was no more rumpus, the skipper took no notice, and everythink went on shipshape, till about a month before we made the Calcutta River. The skipper, of course, wanted everything spick and span on entering port, and Pomp was kept busy rubbing up brasBwork and putting on fresh dabs of paint. Our figgerhead— I think it was a Wenus or one of them there heathen goddesses, had got a knock through bumping against another wessel coming out, and some of her paint was knocked' off, so Pomp was nafe f /" Iiam A _ 1-.ll w iiC4. iron, co ao cms, you JtnoWj «6 had to get over tho bows, and one arternoon he takes a board and slings it with a rope, usual style, and goes down with a pot of paint and a brush. He was so long touching her up that it was getting darkish, and the skipper wanted his supper, so he sends a hand forward to hurry up Pomp; but when he looked over there was no Pomp, on board, or any think— all cleaii go n e adrif t . W hether the rope wasn't made fast, and Pomp was made- silly by bumping his head against the cutwater, nobody could tell, but he was- never- seen any more. In corse 'it was put down as a haccident, but-.a lot of us thought different, specially when we seed. the Dago grinning and muttering to hisself. The skipper bad- to get-a new steward, and things went on as usual till about a week later, when aomeithink mighty queer happened. We were bowl ing along one. night with a fresh breeze on our quarter, when the man at the wheel, a long, slab-sided Yankee, calls to the first mate, who was taking his usualquarter deck walk. " What's the matter ?" says the mate, short and sharp like. "Don't know, sir," says the Yank, " but I guess there's something, queer- out to windward." " What do you mean ?" growls the mate, for he thought- the man was only foxing. " Why, sir," says the Yank, ." it seemed like somebody a-hailing. only a long way off." The mate goes to the taffrail and keeks out Into the darkness and cocks his ear, but he couldn't see nor hear nothink, so he tells the. man very sharp to 1 mind what he was and not be a— —fool.' Well, a. night or two arterwards, another chap at the helm sings out and says he -hears somebody calling out. The skipper was on deck this time, and he goes and listens and sure enough he hears a shout a long way off "Ship ahoy." Theskipper says "There's some poor devil adrift out yonder," and he answers the hail, and hove to the ship and waited, but nothen came of it. He walks away -and calls the first mate, and they has a long confab, and went —below looking mighty- serious; After this the skipper always took care to be on deck at " eight bells," — twelve o'clock, you know, sir— on the look out, and one night the hail- eame clearer "Ship ahoy," and we could see like a bit of a light in that quarter. The skipper this time sends a boat's crew to see what was up, but the mate who was.is charge came back and. ssiu- there was nothen tiiare. "" Another night br two passed quietly, and - then we all heard the hail " Ship ahoy" jest astern, quite plsiTi: The mate turns pale and the captain says to him "By its Pomp come back again." We all crowded up to the rail; and there in the middle of a faint bluish light, only about a quarter of a mile away, we see the nigger or his ghost, sit ting- astride the board he was last seen with,' and signalling with his arms, coming after us fair and easy, like a man rides a horse.! Pedro was there and saw it too. I looked at him and his eyes were starting out of his head and his teeth chattering .till he fell down in a fit and we carried him below. Then the choat. or whatevBr it. was, went out of sight like yon blow a candle out, and we turnod in, feeling precious creepy you may be. sure. The skipper had the Dago up next day, and he wa3 that scared that he owned up that lie had cast the rope loose and let Pomp drop into . the sea. - As we were nearing port the skipper shut him up in a spare cabin to wait his ; trial when he got ashore, but he never got there, the ghost looked arter that. The, third night arter, we heard an awful roar,i "Ship ahoy," and there' was the ghost on! the board and signalling as before. Then we hears a noise behind and Pedro rushes past us, he had got out somehow, and hops onto the bulwarks. The ghost looks up and laughs, such a laugh, it made everyone shiver, and holds up its arms;; Pedro gives one awful screech and over' lie goes, jest like I've heard of a bird going into a snake's jaws. The ghost skimmed , alongside and caught him as he fell in its arms, and; the last we saw of them- was as they both went down in a sort of boiling whirlpool. - Scared, I should think we were— nobody: said a word but the skipper, and all he said was " Well, Pomp'sgot his murderer right enough, there's no more to be done." When we got to Calcutta thore was a bit of a fuss,_ but I never heard as auythink came of it. Pomp and the Dago were both gone and there was an end of it, and that is the end of my story too. Well, thank ye, sir, j ust one more and then I'm off." Aa the trio finished their libation and wished tne the compliments of the season, they rose to depart, Ned taking the lead. Tom followed with a nod and an.incredul- U3 wink, and the morose mariner, as he gained the door, slowly turned round and opening his lips for the first time, pro nounced the one word, "Bosh I" and dis appeared. To tell the truth, I had my own opinion as to old, Ned's voracity, being strongly disposed to include his narrative among those which may be " told to the marines," but I concluded to reproduce his yarn as a novelty in ghostly literature, agreeing with Shakspeare that "There are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our phil osophy." f ' The Chinese at the Carnival. — There is no question that the part taken by the Chinese in the Beechworth Charities' Carnival connGi-a one of its chief at- oittcaons contributed in a very marked de gree to its success. The heartiness with which tlie Chinese entered into the move- mAnf. is wnrf.htr of «T1 . VAi WL mi piaioci jlwl UUL1" tent with giving a merely personal assis tance they incurred very considerable ex pense in obtaining costumes, trappings, banners, and the other paraphernalia which enabled them to make such a strik ing display in the procession and on the grounds, and altogether- their liberality is deserving of cordial recognition on the part of their European fellow citizens;- It is satisfactory to know that their efforts were financially successful. Mr R. War ren, the hori. treasurer, has received from the Chinese committee, the very liberal contribution of £27 accompanied by the following note : " We hare much pleasure in handing over to you the sum of £27 being the amount taken by us at our show and regret that it is not a great deal more. We would request that the sum be equally divided between the Hospital and the Asylum— £13 10s to each. We are, &c; Nam Shing, Ah Soon, Wy Kbe, Ah Sing' Quack Sing, for the Committee." We can only repeat that whilst the Carnival Committee are deeply grateful for the liberal ana hearty co-operation of the Chinese, the public generally reran? with the greatest satisfaction the good feeling displayed by their Asiatic fellow colonists. The Carnival Committee felt bound to make more. than a merely formal acknowledgement, and on Monday after noon, Mr Stevens, the president, Mr Warren, hon. treasurer, and Mr Durham interviewed Nam Shing and desired him to convey the warm thanks of the com mittee to his fellow countrymen. Mr Stevens said he was sure their conduct would strengthen the good feeling that had so long existed, and expressed a hope that the Chinese will always bo as ready as they had hitherto proved themselves to be to further the cause of charity. Nam Shing was evidently gratified with ttna mark of tho committees' appreciation and assured the gentlemen who waited upon him that his countryman might al- ways be relied upon to do their best to aid tho public charities of the town so long as they were conducted in that broad and liberal minded., spirit which had hitherto characterised them. Wrecks in the Irish Sea During the recent hurricane which swept over the south-west of the British Isles, causing great danger on land and many wrecks with loss of life at sea, it has now been discovered that four coasting vessels were wrecked in the Irish Sea. The greater part of their crews were drowned. The barque Ktrk Michael, which was driven rinrimf fad lighthouse during the storm, having jU3t started k., now oi-ri Aort ' 2 -r - or cargo, valued at hull " 8 out of shattered Tourists and Bicycles. —A novel sight at Alexandra on Friday was the arrival of a gentleman and lady on a bicycle, having come fom Melbourne over the Black Spur and through Marysville. Several wheel men have passed through during the holi- 