A LIFE SENTlCEf By Adeline Sergeant, - Author of ".Tacobi's Wife."' " Under False Pretences," "Roy's Repentance," " Deveril's Diamond, i-o. ' All Queensland Rights Rebestid. CHAPTER XXIX.— (Co ntinuci). ' Oh, father, you will not run into any danger, will you?' ' Xot a bit, my dear. 'There's not a being on earth would knowme&slam; now. Don't you be afraid? I'll walk back with you to the gate, and then we'd better say good-bye. If you want anything special, write to me — Reuben Dare, you know — at the address I gave you ; but oven thou, my girl, don't you mention names. It's a dangerous thing to do on paper.' ' I'll remember,' said Cynthia, with unwonted suhmissiveness. They , parted at the gate, and "West- wood, without looking round, went some paces in tho easterly direotion whieh he had chosen to take. But all at once he heard a light footstep behind him, and a small gloved band was laid upon his arm. It was Cynthia, slightly flushed and panting a little, her eyes unusually bright. She had run after him with a last word to say. Father,' she said, ' you will remem ber, will you not, Jhat although I love him, I love you too ? ' ' Do you, Cynthia ? ' said the man, rathor sadly. ' Well, maybe— maybe.' ' And that you are to take care of your self for my sake ? ' ' Eh ? For your sake ? Yes, my dear — yes.' ' Good-bye, dear father ! ' He nodded Bimply in roply ; but, as be pursued bis way eastward, bis heart grew softer towards his child and bis child's lover than it would otherwise have been. How beautiful she had looked with those flushed cheeks and shining eyes ! What was he that he should interfere with her happiness ? If the man that she loved was good and true, why should ho not'raorry her, although lie wa6 a kins man of the Vanes, and the brother of a woman whom Weetwood held in peculiar abhorrence ? For accident had revealed to him many years ago the relation botween Sydney Vane and Constance Lepel, and 8hc had seemed to him then, and over since, to be less of a woman than a flond. Yet, being somewhat slow in drawing conclusions, he had never associated her or her brother with Mr. Vane's death, -until, in the solitude of his cell, ho had laboriously ' put two and two together ' in a way which had not suggested itself either to himself or to his defendors ut the time of his trial. He, himself, from a strange mixture of delicate feeling and rough reserve, had not chosen to tell what ho knew about Miss Lepel and Sydney Vane ; and only when it was too lute did it occur to him that his silence had cost him his freedom, and might have cost him his life. He saw it all clearly now. It was quite plain to him that, in somo way or other, Mr. V one's death had been caused through his unfaithfulness to his wife. Some one had wished to punish him— some friend of her's, somo friend of Miss lopel'i. Right enough he deserved to be killed, said Westwood to himself, as ho elabo rated his theory. If only the slayer, the avenger, had not refused to take tho responsibility of his act upon his own shoulders ! ' If only he hadn't beon cur enough,' "Wostwood muttered to himself, as he went along tho London streets, ' to leave me — a poor man, a common man, that only Cynthia loved — to bear tho blame ? ' CHAPTER XXX. When Hubert Lepel quitted Beech- field, a sudden calm, almost a stagnation of iutereBt seemed to fall upon tho place. Mrs. Vane was said to he ' less strong ' than usual. The spring weather tried hor, she must be kept quint, tho doctor Baid, «nd, if possible, tranquil in mind. ' God bless my soul, isn't she tranquil in mind ?' the General had almost shouted, when Mr. Ingledew gave his opinion. ' What else can she he ? She hasn't a single thing to worry her, or, if she has, she haB only to mention it, and it will he set right at once.' The village doctor smiled amiably. He was a pale, thin, dark littlo man, with insight rather in advance of his actual knowledge. He would have been puzzled to say why he had jumped to tho con clusion that Mib. Vano's mind was not quite tranquil ; but he was sure that it was not. Possibly he was influenced by the con viction that it ought not to bo tranquil ; for, in the course of his visits among the villugers, ho had hoard some of the ugly rumours about Connie's past, which were more prevalent than Mrs. Vane herself suspected, and than tho General ever had it in his power to ooncoive. ' Woll, sir,' he said— for Mr. Ingledew was always very defereutial to tho squiro of the parish — ' what I meant was more perhaps that Mrs. Vane requires porfeot freedom from all anxioty for tho future than that sho is suffering from uneasiness of mind at present. Possibly Mrs. Vano is a little anxious from time to timo about Moiter Diok, who is not of a particularly robust constitution, or perhaps about Miss Vane, who does not strike me as looking exactly wkatl should call "tho thing." ' 'No — does she, Ingledew?' said the General diverted at once from the con sideration of lu6 wife's health to that of his niece. ' She's palo and poaky, is slie not ? Have you see hor to-day ?' ' H'm — not professionally,' replied Mr. Ingledew, rubbing liiB chin. ' In point , of fuct, Sirs. Vane intimated to mo that Miss Vano refused to seo me — to see n dootor at all. I am sorry for Miss Vane's own_ sake, as I think that she is not looking woll at present — not at all well !' 4 There she goes !' cried tho General. 'We'll have her in, and hear what all this is about. Enid, Enid— come here!' / He had soon, her in tho conservatory, which ran along one side of the house. ...He and Mr, Ingledew were sitting: in , , the library, and through its half open glasB door ho had oaiight sight of the . girl'o white gown amongst tlie flowers. "She turned instantly at Mb call. 4 Do you want me, uncle?' ' 4 Yes, dear. You arc not looking well, Enid ; we gre concerned about you,' said the General) going up to her and taking her by tho hand. ' Why do you refuse " to. see it doctor, toy dear ohild ? ' -t. But I have not refused, uncle.' . 1 ' ' » / ; .v. , 'Oh — or — Mr. Inglcdow ' 4.I imdorstood ' f rom Mrs. Vane,', said the dootor, 'that .you did not wish for medical advice, Miss Vane.' ' Enid coloured a little, and was silent for a moment; then she answered in her usual gentle way. 'I had some disinclination a few days ago to consult a dootor, and perhaps Mrs. Vane has accidentally laid more stress on my saying bo than I intended. But I am quito willing — now — to consult Mr. Ingledew a little.' She sank into a chair as if oho were very tired, and for a moment olosed her eyes. Her face was almost colourless, and thero were violet tints on hor oyelids and her lips. Mr. Ingledew looked at her gravely and knit his brow. He know well that her explanation of Mrs. Vano's words was quite insufficient. Mrs. Vuno had sweetly and solemnly assured him that she had begged ' dear Enid ' to seo a doctor — Mr. Inglodew or another, and that she had firmly refused to do so, saying that Bhe folt quite well. ISnid's words did not tally with Mrs. Vane's report at, all. Tho doctor knew which of the two'women he would rather believe. The Genoral walked away, leaving tho patient and the medical man togother. At tho olos6 of tho interviow, whieh .did not last more than a few minutes, Enid rose with a weary littlo smile and left the room. The General came back to Mr. Ingledow. '"Well, Ingledew?' Mr. Ingledew looked grave. ' I should not say that there was any thing very serious,' he said; 'but Miss Vane certainly requires care. Sho suffers from palpitation of the heart and faint- ness; her pulse is intermittent; ha com plains of nausea and dizzineis. Without stethoscopic examination 1 cannot of course be sure whether there is anything organically wrong ; but I should conclude —judging as well as I can without the aid of auscultation — that there was some disturbance — functional disturbance — of the heart.' 'Heart? Dear, dear — that's very serious, is it not ? ' ' Oh, not necessarily so ! It may he a more passing deraugement produced by indigestion,' said the dootor, prosaically. ' I will como in again to-morrow aud sound her. I hope .it is nothing more than a temporary indisposition.' And so Mr. Ingledew took his leave. ' Mrs. Vano did not want me to seo her!' he said, as lio left the house. 4 1, wonder why ?' _ Meanwhile Enid, passing out into the hall, had beon obliged to stand still once or twice by reason of the dizziness that threatened to overcome her. She leaned against tho wall until the feeling had gone olf, and then dragged herself slowly up tho stairs. She had suffered iu this way only for the last week or two — since Hubert went away. At first she had thought tho warm spring weather was mak ing her feel weak and ill ; hut she did not remember that it had ever done so before. She had generally revived with the spring, and beon stronger and better in the warmth and Bunshine of summer. Sho could not under stand why this spring should make her feel so ill. Sho wont into her own room and lay down flat on the bed. She had the sensation of wishing to sink deepor and deeper down, us if sho could not sink too low. Hei' heart seemed to heat moro anil inoro slowly ; each breath that she drew was un effort to her. Sho wondered a little if sho was going to die. Presently she hoard somebody enter the room. She was not strong enough to turu her head ; but sho opened her eyes and saw her maid Parker standing beside her bed and regarding her with alarm. 4 Law, miss, you do look bad ! ' she said. Enid's whito lips moved nnd tears trembled on her eyelashes; hut Bhe did not 3peak. Parker, seriously alarmed, hastened to procuro smelling salts, brandy, and eau-de-Cologne, and, with a few minutes' care, these applications produced the desired result. Enid looked a little less deathlike ; sho Broiled as she took a dose of brandy and sal- volatile, and moved her fingers towards the woman at her side. Parker did not at first know what she wanted, but discovered at last that the girl wanted to hold her hand. Contact with something human seemed to help to bring her hack from the Bhadowy borderland whore bIio had been wundering. Purkcr, astonished and con fused, wanted to druw away her hand ; but the small cold fingers closed over it reBistleasly. Then the woman stood motionless, folding a vinaigretto iu lier free hand, and looking at the pale face on tho pillow, at the pathetic blue eyes which sought her own from timo to time as if in want of pity. Something mado Purker's heart beat fast, and tho hot tears came into her bard, durk cjob. She had never folt any particular fondness for Miss Enid before ; but some how that mute appeal, that silent claiming of sympathy and help, made the woman who had spent the last few weeks in dogging her footsteps and spying out hor secrets bitterly regret the bondage in which hor past life had pluccd her. ' Do you feel better now, miss ? ' she asked in an unusually Roft tono presently. ' Yes, thauk you, l'urker ; but don't go just yot.' Parker stood immovable. Soorotlv sho began to long to got away. She was afraid that she Bhould ery il' she stayed thoro much longer holding Enid's soft little white hand in hers. ' Parkor,' said Enid, presently, ' were you in your room last night soon aftor .1 went to bed ?' . Tho muid slept in the next room to that of lier young mistross. 'Yes, miss; at least, I don't know what timo it waB.' 'It was betwoen nine nnd ten o'clock when I wont to bed. ibid you see any body — anyone all in whito — como into my room aftor I wus in bed?.. If your door was open, you might have seen any- ono pass.' ' Good graoious, miss, one would think that you whb speaking of a ghost ! No, I didn't see anybody pass.' ' I thought, perhaps,' said Enid, rather faintly, ' that it might ho Mrs. Vane coming to seo liow I was, you . know. She has a loose white wrapper, and she often throws a whito Inoe shawl over her head when she goes dovrn tho passages!' ' You must have been dreaming, Miss,' said Parker. She found it easier to with draw hor hand now that the conversation bad.takon thiB turn. 'I, suppose I. must,' said Enid, in a scarcely audible tone, . Then bJio turned Iaway her face and said, .'You can go now, Parkor; I fool hotter.' ' I thiuk that I shall gP(£o sleep.'- But she did not sleep even when Parker had departed. She lav thinking, with the tears gathering and falling one by one, until they had mado a great wet spot on. the pillow beneath her head. Tho shadow that hung over hor young life was growing very dark. Parker had hurried into her own room, where she first shut nnd looked tbo door, as if afraid evon to think while it was open, and then wrung her hands in a sort of agony. ' ' To think of it— to think Of it!' she said, bursting into ' sudden sobs. ' And Miss Enid so sweet and innocent and gentle ! "What has sho done ? What has sho got to bo put out of tho way for ? Just for tho sake of tho money, I suppose, that it may all go to that wretched little. Master Diok ! Oh, she's a wioked woman — a wicked woman ; and I'd give my life never to have sot eyes upon her, for. she'll bo the ruin of me, body and soul !' But ' she ' in this case did not incau Enid Vane. Parker was aroused from her medita tions by the sharp tinkle of a hell,' which sho knew that Mrs. Vano must hive rung. She started whon she heard it. and a look of disgust crossed her faoe ; but, as he hesitated, the boll rang again, more imperiously than ever. Parker dashed the tear from her eyes, and sped down the long corridor to Mm. Vane's dressing- room. Her hands were trembling still. 'Why do you keep me in this way when I ring for you, Parker ?' said Mrs. Vane in hor ' coldest tone. ' I rang twice.' ' Miss Vano wanted me, ma'am. I have been with her.' There was an odd tremor in the woman's voice. Mrs. Vane surveyed her critically. 'You look very strange, Parker. What is the matter with you ? Are you ill?' ' No, ma'am ; but Miss Vane is.' ' Connie grew a shado paler and looked up. She was still in her dressing-gown — white, edged everywhere with costly lace — and her fair hair was hanging loose over her shoulders. ' III ? What is the matter with her ?' ' I — I thought perhaps you would linow, ma'am,' said, Parker, desperately. Then, afraid of what sho had said, she turned to a drawer, pullod it open, and begin ransaokiug it diligently. From the momentary silence in the room, she felt as if her shaft had gone homo; hut Bho dared not look round to soe. . ' What on earth do you mean, Parker?' said Mrs, Vane, after that one dead pause, which said so much to her maid's sus picious ears ; the chill disdain in her voice was inimitable. ' How oun I tell you what is the matter with Miss Vane when I have not seen lier Bince dinner-time yesterday? Sho was well enough then — at least, as well as she has been since this trying weather began.' ' Didn't you seo lier last night, ma'am, when you went to her room about eleven o'clock ?' said Parker, trying to assume u bolder tone, but failiug to hide her nervousness. Again a short hut unmistakable pause. ' No, I did not,' said Mrs. Vane, drily. ' I listened at the door to see if Bho was asleep, but I did not go in.' ' She seems to have been dreaming that you did, ma'am.' ' What nonsense,' said Mrs. Vano, a littlo hurriedly. ' You should not attend to all her fancies, Parker. You know that sho has very odd fancies indeod, sometimes. Tho shock of her father's death when she was a ohild had a vory injurious effect upon her norveB, and I should never he surprised at anything that sho choso to do or say. Pray don't got into the way of repeating hor words, or of imagining that they must necessarily be true !' ' No, ma'am,' said Parker, submissively. to de continued to-hokkow.J 