SPORTISO.. ( Bx'AooijR.!sGnos*,'r ,-ai^^P A team of foDtballers, representing JH^^^f dera, played the Coolamon diatrlct.oq^B. latter'a ground on Saturday, and refitiitedtb JK 'victory for Coolamon by seven goals to aSL. Pifcchory, who has learned to. run Btraight,. won the Welter Handicap, and now that ba- ' has broken tho'ica, ft is more than-, likely, this grand looking son of Robinson Crueaoe— - ? Bu tereup will go on winning, as he is poa-. sessed of undeniable, paco. ' His is. a. lot ab ive himself at present. I amUiformed; that the rasehorser 8unfty- and Silver Boee 'eave for Sydney shortly,, under the care of 'their trainer, J. Beck, who, has.' golden visions ' ahead. Suudot, who, would1 not raoe the. machine, Be k ilitenrtS) totaketo.Tembr^, to give her another, shovf.. There, is no doubt that she has plenty of; paca, and likewise dread of machines. The ponies, Wyema, I.ubra, and Glycerin left by last Thursday's train for Sydney, . nnder the care of J. Mackenzie. It is to, be hoped that the venture will, turn out a. success, TI15 three ponies should all win races in their various olasses in tht metro-. polls. Mr Jas. Price's handicapping for the. meetiug has. called forth praise on all a'dea,. even from. those who in the pjst, have beau opposed to him. Thfe veteran must have been- pleased when, h* was watching the: struggle for supremacy in the Flying .Handi cap the second day. ' OM Jim,' to say the . least of it, always gives, the g.eatast satis faction here, ami one cannot help bestowing a word of admiration after witnessing such splendid racing, which was. uo dpabt en-, tirsly due to his handiwork. ? The ridingof Forbes on Snip in the First Hurdle fiace was so glaring that it called forth groan i and hoots. An inquiry was held, with the result tint Forbes liis to stand: down for five years. It goes without say ing that there was more in tbe swim than, the. rider, but they got off.s ot free to go, elsewhere to. carry on their nefirious prac-. tices. It is very unlikely that he pulled the horse for sport, or that he had baoked Raillery. The chances are that he was only a tool in the hands of others, and if the stewards had given Forties a ' free pardin' for te.lliaa the numes of the offenders, they most likely wojld have got at the fountain . head, to whom the club should mete out punishment riciily deserved. This is fie «ort of business which is dragging racing down to the lowest depths, and.' it behoves racing officials to . be on the . alert, and when they hear so . and so is ' dead,' to try and gKt it. ' resurrected ' or know the reason . why ? One walking about race club paddocks oftens hers of, a. borae that is no-, 'on the job.' I hire heard it often hare, ami. tbe guilcictfs public . have put tluir coin on horses that ace well, kno in not to he trying, and the said, backers might just as well have thrown^ their monty into tbe Murrumbiilgee, and. expect it to return tenfold: after seven, days. I have known of ' dead 'una ' ' winning. 'Nuffeeil. Mr W. J. Braddon purchased the. well known race- oho, Snip, prior to the running of the Hurdle Race the second' day for £57 10s. He proved rather an expen sive purchase, as his owner backed him in. l-otli Hurd- Race and Welt;r Handicap... Snip, who must be over 14 years, jumps., like lightening, and if I am nut very much mistaken, his present owaer will h'.it be long b-fore he' gets it back. Escapade, who his wjn every race sh& hu started in since she became the pro perty of Mr W. J. Br&dlon;, has left thi track fur good. I believe it is the intea tion *bf this gcniil sport to inat&Jier; ibis, season with his well-known staBioa, Men-, tor, an I sjinetliinf goad shufld tie Lite result. , i Alf Lenelian has just take) (in hand a Trenton fi ly, aud it goes withbnt siying that under the care of this capable mentor she will gat proper care and attention. Last Saturday six m res left Narandera on a visit to MdUtnr, miquj the 11 beiu^ that game old m ire Birbsttc. Duthie h id a lucky esujipe when Clans min came do urn with him iu the Hurdle Race. It appears that C.ansm&u; and FUil lery were junping almost aVeas , and as the latter invariably runt down her jumps, col lided with the forme:-, from wi.ch he waa untble to recover. Those who follow jockeys woal I have lnd a bad time if they h id beeu on the mounts, of Bob Piper or Ted Cnrnn. js neither of the crack horsemen hid a win during thu meeting. A,:. the annual meeting 86 ho ses atartfld in 11 ri es, and at the mating j tit con cluded 71 in 10 races, so it will be seen th it in poiot of numbers the a arterj compare favorably with that of the annual fixture. Stewardess, I/ndsay, and Cre.Je hiv-» left to fulfil their Corowa engagements. The Corowa Races take place on F.iday next. Charlie Lewis, well-known in these parts, as an able artist in the pigskin, mat with, a fatal accident Cau'.field on Saturday, whiU riding Circassian King in the £teepleehise. Charlie was of a very quiet and unassuming disposition, and was a general favorite with all whom he came in contact. For a long time he was in the employ of Mr J. Dillon, of Hay, but lately be his heen con nected with tbe fainou? J. B, Brewor stable. In respondiug for 'St Andrew' at the settling, B. H. Andrew thanked the Com mittee for the osu exercise 1 by them iu druwiqg: the awoap. The winders of prizes u«& n~ tAllnWB . ? Ink 'R TT AniiuM /?ftA ? 2nd, W. Mower, Whitto'n, £9 ; 3rd, E. Arm-' strung, Narandera, £4 10a. Five starters at £t 12s each, were drawn by F. Duval, W, Dale, O Maddisob, Narandera ; C. Ferguson, Whitton; aud F. Ourrie, Hay. Four non rturters at £2 each, were drawn by J. H. Von AUworden, Whitton ; J. Lloyd, Upper Murray; G. Hatt, Narandera; and W. BSgan, Jerilderie. The aweap was in every w&v; fMt.iii'aatarirl A novel kind of wager was laid against Niinrotl in the Hurdle Bac'e oq Wednesdey, when Bob Thoinns laid a 'knight of the quill' £20 to a pair of aoicn. It appears that the latter was telling a friend that Nimrod had a show, and extolling to him his various points, when they turned to Bob and asked tire price, with the result as above stated. The news paper man aooepted the wager, and has now o pirt up the box. It is rather lucky for Bob that he did not meet the mambai of the Fourth Estate before Pitohery'araoe, or. at all on tbe aeooud day, as he pi'oked tha programme. ? - ? ^_- 