SUNDAY BEADINGL {Selected by the Bev.G. E. Eowe.) CHE1ST WITH 'OS. (By the Rev. E. T. Robinson.) And lo, I am with you ahv»y, even unto the end of the world. — Mast- xxviiL 20. The late Dr. Adolph Saphir, catling; to miadthe course of nia early conversion bom Judaism to the faith, and service if the Ijard Jesua Christ, used the fol towiag -words : ' I was brought up in jiy childhood in the synagogue, and. vasisDght thai there vaeone God, infin He, inoamptehensible, holy Spirit, higc shove us and. omninresent. Much stress ms laid on the unity andxuucity -of God. Bat tius bare, vague, and ab stract laazioiieisin. leaves the mind in laikncBS, wMIe the heart is chilly and tesoiate. These 'was another and ©etter current 'which then influenced jra. It was fee national history. There I was met by no abstract idea of unkaty 'but by a loving God who appeared to Abraham sad spoke to h'' ? and after, wheal thought of the friendly, con crete, kind, and femaa* Tray in 'which the Iiord God thus appeared unto His ♦cople, &nd; dwelt -with them, I wondered why He -was not new with us, known, loved, and. followed. One day I was looking' at some books, and the title of one arrested my eye. It -wa&Die; mensch werdung Gofies— God becoming man. The thought went through my mind like a flash of lightning ; it thrilled my sonl with a most joyous solemnity. Oh ! I said, this would be the most beautiful thing; if God were to beeome man and visit us ! Not many «sxa after I heard about Jeans, trnA read the gospels. I felt here the same presence, the same loving, eon descending; redeeming, and sanctifying God that appeared unto the fathers. I felt that here was Jehovah, that all darkness had disappeared, and that the grand but inconceivable glory here shone upon us in the perfect, peaceful, and holy countenance of the Man Christ Jesus' (Good Words, 1893, p. 769.) Are we not thankful to have been born in the tame of Immanuel ? Is it not a living' joy to have been instructed and trained as if at the very feet of Jeans? His voice, through the text, speaks sweetly -within our hearts. It is good and profitable to distinguish Tfis presence in the pages of the Old Testament, as well as in those in the Sew. The saying in the text is important and impressive, because spoken by Him to whom 'all authority hath been given in heaven and on earth,' the same divine Person who said to Moses, ' Certainly I will be with thee,' and to Joshua, ' Be strong and of a good courage ; be not affrighted, neither, be thou dismayed : for the Lord thy God is with thee whithersoever thou goesf (Exod. iii. 12j Josh. L 9). Religion has ever been faith in the surrounding and indwelling presence of the Saviour-God. It is obedient at tention to His commanding and cheer ing voice, ' Lo, I am with yon alway.' i . The disciples had been tTiinfrfng that vV ** He 'which should redeem Israel' had J left them to themselves. In successive appearances the risen Lord showed them that,thongh they saw Tfim not, as form erly, every day and, if they wanted, all fee day long, yet they were not for saken by Him. He was producing in them a faith needful to prepare them for the time approaching when He would discover Himself to their bodily ^yesno more — the faith that, if invisible, fie was not absent. Let them be sure th&t; He would still keep as near to them as when they looked upon TI» moving lips, and listened to His human voice. The Lord said to them, and say* in them to His servants of every succeeding age, ? £ ' Lo, I am with you alway' — ' all the daya^' — ' even unto the end of the world.' Let us remember THs pre sence while considering in what sense, and to what purpose, He is always with His people. L The Lord had already told the dis tiples, whether or not they had hither Jo understood, in what sense He would be with them continually. The time for the signal proof of Hio gracious words was close at hand ; and ?' He charged them not to depart from Jerusalem, but to wait for the promise of the Father, which, said He, ye heard Jrom Me: ... ye shall be baptised with the Holy Ghost not many days hence' (Acts i. 4-5.) They tarried and prayed accordingly, and ?* were all fill ed with the Holy Spirit' (ii. 4.) Then they knew what the Master had meant. They felt Him as truly with them atdll as He had been in the period of His -visible incarnation ; and they repeated and explained His promise, teaching that it is in His HoJy Spirit that He abides with TTi« people. Wo are therefore forbidden to look only to a future reign of Christ. In His Holy Spirit He reigns already, and will continue to reign among men. ' I Aar' in His glorious name. To say that He has not come, but merely that He is coming, is to deny His . own words, and slight that other Comforter in whom He has been, and is, and will be with His Christ. We are also forbidden, till the end of the world, to expect a bodily presence of the Saviour again upon earth. If he is present more than at ether times in the blessed sacrament of the Lord's Supper, yet it is in no other sense than that in which He is present at other tames; and He is only then more vivid ly present atthe worshipper's faith and hope and love, helped by His Spirit in the sacred ordinance, are in mere lively exercises. That divine institution places us in the way to apprehend the real presence pf Immanuel ; but the doctrine of transubstantiation is worse tliin an insult to the human under standing : it is an insult to the Saviour as if He were body alone, without spirit ; it is an insult to the truth that it is in the Holy Ghost that He gives Himself to us as bread and wine for sustenance and cheer ; it is an insult to the Com forter, in whom Jesus Christ is present in the encharist. We are forbidden to think of Christ as present merely inthe- Churchas a. whole, and not in its separate members : or as present only in the set of pretended iriesta, and not with His people in iiridually. The teaching of Scripture 6 that He dwells in the' hearts of be .oevers. H. To what purpose does He, from #hom the disciples are unwilling to part, promise that He will never leave them ? He is with His people ' alway, even unto the end of the world,' as a Bhepherd with his flock, to guide, feed, and defend them. He abides with Christians, to help them in their doings and to comfort them in their sufferings. 1\. He is with us to strengthen us for our work. ?? Go ye therefore,' says the risen Lord, ' and make disciples of all the nations, baptising them into the -name *f the Father and of the Son and of the Hoiy Ghost : teaching' them to observe all things whatever I command you.' How can we do this stupendous work ? The enterprise is folly, feeble L ness, and failure without ** the power r of God and the wisdom of God.' We are L not without Trig wisdom and His power % Jesns saya more than 'Go ye.' What ^^ He says i« ' Go ye therefore.' Where ^r. fare ? He has jost told the reason why. ' All authority hath been given unto Me in heaven and on earth' — on earth, to employ you, and make your service* effectual ; and in heaven, to send My Spirit upon you, to ' prepare a place for you,' aad to admit you, when you shall have well done your glorious work, into the eternal mansions. ' Go ye therefore.' You feel yourselves unequal to the undertaking ; But I, your Lord and Saviour, am equal to it. You anticipate disaster if you look but to yourselves. Then look to Me. Trust in My redeeming merit. Remember My mediatorial sovereignty and might. Rely on My unfailing presence as your Friend and Helper. They who ' kill the body ' cannot do so without my leave ; and if I give My leave, it will be to save and glorify both the body slain and the seul dismissed, and many other souls and bodies. ' Fear not ; X am the first and the loot, and the Living One ; and. I was dead, and behold, I am alive for evermore ' (Rev. i. 17, 16). ' AU authority hath been given unto Me in heaven and on earth. Go ye therefore' (comp 1 Cor. i. 27-29). Thy gracious words are assuring, and are prized by us, adorable Master. But (let not the Lord be angry) are even those words enough F How is Thy power available for us ? What if Thou shouldst forget Thy mean and feeble creatures ? What if, when most wanted by us, Thou shouldst be in heaven, and not on earth ? How may we know that Thy authority and might will be always exercised for us ? If Thou wouldst stay with us, we need not fear. Then nothing would be impossible. O ye of little faith, Jesus is omnipre sent, and cannot fail you. He is on earth while in heaven, and does not forget you. You will hxve Him for ycur true compa lion. His strong hand shall be with you. Always, good Lord ? Dismiss your fears. Evermore ' call TTig name Immanusl ' — that is ' God is with us ' (Isa. vii. 14). He whom devils dread, angels love, and the universe obeys, to whom 'all authority hath been given in heaven and on earth,' will continue to subdue the storm, heal the diseased, rive sight to the blind, and raise the do id, will not fail to bruise the head of tiie serpent, disarm the grave, and open paradise. Tfig word is better than ' I ?will be with you' ; it is 'I am with you.' Every day henceforth to the very last depend on My unseen pre sence to protect you, to observe your straggles, to make your weakness strong and to bestow upon you favour and re ward. *? Lo, I am with you alway ' — ' all the days** — ?* even unto the end of the world.' What more can the Saviour say ? Be brave and resolute. Toil and reap. ' Our sufficiency is of God.' '* The rushing of a mighty wind,' that noth ing can withstand, His Spirit is in our efforts. 'Tongues p&rthig; asuider, Kfe-o as of fire,' mastering languages, and tnelting hearts, the Holy Ghosts rests on us (Acts ii. 2-3). ' Be strong all ye people of the land, said the Lord, and work ; for I am with you, said the Lord of hosts' (Hag. ii. 4; Ps. jdvi. 7-11). 2\. He is also with us to comfort us in trouble. Neither sun nor star for many days appears The wild winds rustic in the piping shrouds. Billows of huge care strike the ship's sides, and make the timbers groan. Black dangers yawn around. We know not where we are. Are we beyond Immanuel's presence? Does He re member .us when we are exceedingly tossed with a tempest ? la our Pilot with us, but asleep ? Or can He come to us quickly over this dreadful sea ? Listen, to the well-known voice ; 'Be of good cheer ; it is I ; be not afraid' (Matt, xiv 20). '? Fear not, for I have redeem ed thee; I have called thee by thy Tiflmp, thou art Mine. When thou pas sest through the waters, I will be with thee' (Isa. xliiL 1-2). 'And call upon Me in the day of trouble ; I will deliver thee, and thou shalt glorify Me' (Pal. 16). ' Lo, I am with you alway.' We are apt to forget the Lord in fair weather. When we are in health and spirits, and amid beloved friends, vro do not alwayB think that He is present. If He were*away, we should have neither those friends nor such cheerfulness and strength. At length sickness seizes us, or the desire of our eyes is taken away with a stroke. The charmed circle is broken. Where no w is the Saviour, the Good Physician, the Friend that sticteih closer than a brother ? Forgive us, Lord, that we did not seem to want Th«e so Much before. We do want Thee in these tormenting hours. Hast xnou, too, iorsasen urn : x»u, jj-id j»« mise is kept : ' When thou walkeet through the fire, thou shalt not be burned ; neither shall the Home kindle upon thee. For I am . . . thy Saviour. . . . Fear not , for I am with thee ' (Is&. xliiL 2-5). ' Lo, I am with you alway.' Day after day, month after month, a dear disciple whom the Master had led apart from the noise and care of the world into the valley of the shadow of death lay calmly waiting for the last messenger, or, as the Lord should choose for what was not so likely to come to her — returning health. ' You are very weak,' we said, for the lack of a wiser word. 'Yea,' she answered ; 'but oh, so strong1 ! It seems impossible to murmur ; Jesus and I are such, friends ! My con descending Lord makes me happy beyond complaining.' ' Do you shrink from the future P' ** Oh no. I have another refuge in the future — another, and yet the same. What should I do if I had not the future to look to r I am going to be for ever with the Lord.' She knew that the Consolation of Israel would never leave her. His sustaining word was, — ' I am with you alway' — ??' ail the days ' — ' even unto the end ' — till the day you die. 'Yea,' tender, faithful Shepherd, she could say, ' though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil ; for Thou art with me : Thy rod and Thy staff, they comfort me ' (Ps. xriii. 4). When my sorrow most increase, Let Thy strongest joys be given : Je3U, come with my distress, And agony is heaven ! Do you discern and enjoy the presence of the helping Lord ? or would you ap prehend His blessing ? Where are you more likely to meet Him than in Hi« temple ? 'I am with you alway.' He declares ; but there are times when, and places where He is especially present. He says, ' Where two cr three are gathered together in My name, there an I in the midst of them' (Matt, xviii 20). 'Surely the Lord is in this place ; and I knew it not. . . . How dread ful is this place i this is none other than the house of God, and this is the gate of heaven' (Gen. xxviii. 16-17). As certainly as if your eyes beheld Him, the blessed Lord is with you when you are in the saatetnary, observing with a view to supplying your necessities. He is looking upon thee, halting pilgrim, who art hesitating which turn to take in life ,- upon thee, modest youth, who are -wishful to devote to Him all thy year* ; upon thee, Christian agent, who art trembling at the thought of thy in sufficiency for the work he has given thee to do ; upon thee, man of business, who art overwhelmed with the Tastness aad oomplieation of affairs ; upon thee, perplexed woman, who art careful and troubled about many things ; upon thee drooping believer who art in heaviness through manifold temptations ; upon thee, tailing mortal, whose feeble limbs could hardly bring thee to the place of worship. He who died for us, and rose for us, who pleads for us, and loves us is ever with us, He is looking upon thee, to succour thee, to grant thee what thou retfuirast to show thee the right path, to heal thy disease, to lighten thy load, to ohaage they sorrow into joy, to breath into thee His reviving spirit, to strengthen you thee for continued ser vice, to lead thee through the world to heaven. Press clese to Him. Touch the hem of hie garment. Put thy trust in Tfim Let Him bless thee. Speak to Him. Invisible Jesus, by whom I am not unseen, inaudible Jesns by whom I am not unheard, omniscient Jesns, from whom my de sires axe not hid, omnipotent Jesus, who art able to save me to the uttermost, I retch forth my hand to Thee, I give Thee my heart, I bow my soul before Thee, I pray to Thee, I worship Thee. ' My Lord and my God ' (John xx. 28). To whom does the Saviour say, ' Ix-, I am with you 7' He is speaking to His disciples. They have His special pre sence. To them He vouchsafes the con solations of His Spirit. Upon them He bestows His great salvation. By them He dispense the bread of life. Act thou of the happy member ? Promises to the righteous amount to threatening against the ungodly, and threatenijiars asaiust the uncrodly are promises to the righteous. To the Hebrews* and not to the Egyptians, God-said, 'Go forward' ; and the way of escape for the Israelites proved the path of destruction to their pursuers. Choose they character and portion. Be of the Lord's disciples. Tho promises are a marriage feast ; but they who offer themselves at the feast without wearing a wedding garment ehall be cast into the outer darkness. Terrible would be the words of Jesus Christ in the text if we could regard them at addressed to the ungodly. Von cannot flee from Bis presence. Why Vii-ih to do so ? or why dare to rush into His presence without right and fitness ? Some seem to think it will be time enough to shelter themselves in the Lords's promise and presence when they die. What says the Lord ? That He trill be with you at the end ? He certainly will ; but what He says is, ' I am. with you al 'way, even unto tho end.' Therefore, if you remain in the ranks of TTis enemies, what He is with you to-day He will be with you to morrow. What He is with the un changed -unto the end He will be vrith them at the end. The question is, What is He with you before the end f Is He your accepted and beloved Saviour, Master, and Pattern ? No ! Then, at the end, Ke will net be with yon. as with TTia own people . In such case you will find Him only your judge. He will be with you, not to commend, but to reprove, not to welcome, but to iiisinim, UUI Ml UltSbU, UU.il WJ UUliUKUUl, not to reward, but to punish. You need shelter now, and ought now to find it in Christ's promise and pre sence. Gain it now to enjoy it then. Will you put off seeking it to the last? What ! You will ran into harbour, but not till the ship is wrecked ! You will consult the physician, but not till all is over 2 Nay, trust at once in Him who died for your sins, and rose for your justification. He would delivar you. Rejoice in His presence who pilots His disciples through every danger. Avail yourself of Eis sHIL who is at your side to heal your diseases, and keep you safe and sound. Choose the good part, which will not be taken away. Seject the evil, lest it should be your lot for ever. ' Alway ' is Christ's word — ?? all the days.' Serve Him every day, day after day, to your last day. ' For ihis God is our God for ever and ever : He will be our guide even unto death,' and over and beyond the grave, ' for evermore ' (Ps. xiviii. 14). Keep clcs.. to your Saviour. Let there be no ins and outs. ' The Lord is with you, while ye be with Him ; and if ye seek Him, He will be found of you ; but if ye forsake Him, He will forsake you ' (2 Chron. xv. 2). Accept and prove 'Him to be your gracious Helper ami adored Comforter hence forth and tor ever. Join truly in the song. And God Himself onr Father is, And Jesus, is our Friend. 