Records of Heroic Women, In St. Luke's Hospital, New York, in 1890, a njan lay in a dying condition, the physicians having declared that nothing could save him except tho performing of a peculiar operation known as ' transfusion of blood,' He was poor, frieudless, and alone in tlio world, and ! it seemed most unlikely that any one would offer to be the victim. But, to the extreme surprise of the surgeons, a young and beauti ful Orish lady, who had been studying the profession of nnrsing in that hospital, came forward and expressed herself willing to un dergo the operation, She came of a wcnlihy New York family, and at first the doctors objected ami endeavoured to dissuade her, but, as sho persisted, tho operation took place. The dying mun recovered, and resides in Jer sey City to-day, The lady was very weak for some months, but afterwards got quite well again, and is now married, and the idol of society circles in tlio iitshionablo world of New York. One night in September, 1882, a sheriffs parly of twenty armed men rode up to a solitary house in Northern Texas, to capture a horse thief named Smith. Before they could surround tho house, Smith was ! seen to mount a horse and gallop off, and tho men immediately started in pursuit. After a long, stern chase, tlio party got within pistol range of tho Hying fugitive. They opened fire, and tho rider was hit, but clung to bin horse for some time before ho fell. Onriding up to tbo prostrate form, tho sheriff's party wero not a little astonished to find they had beon pursuing Smith's young wife. Tho brave woman had donned his clothes to lead them astray, whilst Smith got clear away. In tho South of Ireland a nurso with an infant in her arms, the only son of a landowner in the neighbourhood, was waiting on the narrow platform of a country station when by somo accidcnt she cither slipped or was pushed from it just as tho train entered tho station. There was only a few seconds be tweon her arid death, and during these fleeting moments sho flung the child on to tho plat form, where it was safely caught just as she horsolf was cruslicd to death. Tlio 2Gtli of May, 1856, will long bo remem bered by tlion inhabitants of Unst, Shetland. A great galo waB blowing. A crowd of wives, children, and old folk stood on tho sands watching eagerly for tho x'cturn of their loved ones. Ono by one tho boats came rolling in,, until nil save one wero safely, beached. , The last boat was turnod over by a huge breaker as it neared the shore, and tho four men who had occupied it Avere tossed into tho wild sea. Two wero speedily swept away and drownod, the other two clung tenaciously to tlio capsized boat. Scoing tlioir peril a brave woman, Helen Petrie by name, pushed off in a small punt to their help, accompanied only by her Bister, a girl of fifteen. After a terrible struggle with the raging sea they managoa to save both men, for which lioroic act tho plucky, woman recoircd' tho It, N.I. medal. An inhabitant of Girton village tells the fol lowing striking story : — ' One day tho news reached mo that a largo boot factory near tho village was on lire. I hastened to the scone, and on arriving found that the flames had mastered tho efforts of tho firomon, that tho largo factory stack had fallon, and that it was feared that somo of tho workers woro still in side. Wliilo looking on wo saw a woman rushing forward to tho blazing mass. Next' moment she had disappeared, but in a few minutes we saw her como out of tho burning building, carrying tho body of ono of the workors. Thrice she repeated this, but, on ontoring for tho fourth timo tho walls collapsod, burying tho unfortunate woman undor a pile of debris. Next day her remains woro found, and wero in terred a day or two after in tho cemetery, whoro a stono with a suitablo inscription now !-roclaims to tho passer by tbo story of her toroio deed.' A writer to a London journal says: — ' In July, 1874, I was a passenger on board tho R.M.S. Camoroon, outward bound. Wo woro anchored off Acora, West Africa. It was dark, aud tho sea literally swarmed with sharks, whoso dorsal fins wo hoard ovor and nnon cutting through tho water, A surf boat bolonging to a native chief numod Addah was alongsido, and about to roturn to shore. Addah had his infant son, four or fivo months old, with liim, and our purser and dootor wore playing Avith tho chubby atom of humanity on tho poop, whon ono, tossing liiin to tho other, unfortunatoly tossed him ovorboard. Wo woro all appalled, whon a shadow flitted by, jumped ou tho rail, and dived, Addah's boat pickod tlio resouor nnd baby up, and brought thom on board, whon wo found that tho intropid rosouor was a poor Siorra Loono woman, about twonty yoars of ago, utterly unknown to all, and going as a deok passcngor to Lagas. Sho had no lu£ gago. Wo raised a subscription, put hor in tho socond cabin, and whon sho loft us sho wns wealthy beyond her lu'ghost oxpootations.' 