THE DRIFT OF FATE. BY DORA RUSSELL. Author of "A Country Swe.the.rtr" "Tho Broken Seal," "HliWillaad Hflrij" "Hidden in My- Heart,". "On Golden , Hlnge'i," &a;, &c.; ' i . . , IrUBMSHED lit HPEOIAL ARItANOBMBNT WITH TIIK AtJTIIOn. . all BIGHTS RESERVED. OitAi'Trtit XXIV.— (Continued.) It xfM .. about 8 o'clock now, and on the. luminouR wentern »ky a grey bank of dark clouda lay, with f.athery olondleta nailing from til. ihaaa. Nell looked upwards dreaiiiingly, and tho poetio instinct of her soul soared as sho stood watohing tho drifting vapors. The up yondor noemsd so wondrous ; the mysteries here moro wondrous still ! The vague longings —tho creators of faiths— swept over her, as thoy havo swept over thousands and untold thousands of restless hearts. "If wo only knew more— only more!" Bhe murmured, half aloud, still looking at the sky. But suddenly her faoe flushed, and liar heart heat fast, A sort of thrill cropt ovor her, nnd tho next moment sh. heard a footstep on tho grass. She know almost boforo she Baw him that Godfrey Seton was approaching hsr. And when sho did too him a strange agitation and nervous ness seomod to seize her. But Godfrey oamo forward smilingly, and took off his cap. "Are you surprised to see me," he said. "Yes, I am, rather," answered Noll, with downcast eyes. "Well, (jto toll the truth, I went away, only licoausc I intended to oome baok. I wished to sse you — when the others were away." Nell did not epeak ; h'or breath came short ; her heait beat faster. "Iam going to ask you something, "continued Godfrey, with his eyes fixod on her changing face; "and you must not think me too bold." "Oh, no," said Noll, still without looking up. "Can you guess what that something is!" Nell's lips moved, but no word came forth. "It is this," said Godfrey. "Among the vague theories that from timo to time have passed through my brain ia on. that in you I believe to he realised. You have heard of twin souIb have yon not— souls born with Strang, ties to each ether, strange affinities?" K til 1 Nell was silent. "When I saw you I sesmed t. have found mine," went on- Godfrey ; "I seemed to under stand your thoughts, and I know you understand mine ? You discovered what I have told no one, that I have written more than one book ; and you know now, Neli, what I feel to you — toll me if this is not so ?" He bent forward, and took her hand as ha spoke, nnd draw it gently through his arm. "Tell mo," he Bald, bending hie good looking face nearer to here, " if you do not know that I love yon ; if you do not know that I have oome baok to-night to aek you for your lore?" " Oh, no. no. Major Seton, you must not say that !" answered Nell, in a half frightened tone. " I— I am your friend— I wish always to be your friend— but we must not think of anything else." "But why?" "There are reasons— many reasons " VBnt you do not dislik. me?" interrupted Godfrey, as Nell paused, and hesitated. "Indeed, I do not," answered Nell, earnestly. "I like you better— well, I will toll you the truth — better than anyone I have ever known. I— I feel, too, that you understand me, and that I partly, at leasts understand your thoughts. But for all that " " What are the reasons that part us, Nell?" ".Something," said Nell, and she put a tronibling hand ovrr her face ; " something that wo cannot get over. It is wicked even, I eup- pose, for me to like to hear you say that you care for me, but for all that I do like to hear it, and to think it, too. Major Seton," and sho looked straight up with hsr grey eyes into his faoo, "will you trust me? I will be a true friend to you always, th. truest friend a man ever had — moro I cannot be— but I will bo that" She put her hand into his, and stood there, looking at him with her steadfast eyes, and as ahe did 10 Godfrey Setou seemed to read her soul. "It is something real and great then," he said, in a low tono of pain; "something that we cannot get over ?" "Yes, " answered Nell, with quivering lipt. "But how can that be!" wanton Godfrey, still looking on her face, and holding her hand fast in his. "Yon a young girl— pure and innocent— what past can you have to part us?" "Yet I havo one," said Nell; "a past not disgraceful ; uot shameful, yet onetbat parte me from you— I eould trust you— but " "Trust me, and you will findme not unworthy of your trunt." " I kuow that ; I am sur« of it— and yet " " Nell, trust ine !" Noll paused and hesitated. ''If— if you really like me," ahe said, "it is but right that you should know." "I do really like you, Nell ; I like you as a man likes one woman in hie life. I oame baok to-night to ask yon to b. my wife, and to tell you also of a-grsat folly— nay, worse than folly — of my own." " You mean " "Never mind just now what I mean ; I want to 'hear your story first, and to know if the reason you speak of is as real to me as it seems to you. " " It ia real, hut to-night 1st it rest ; I will tsll you— yss, I promise— hut to-night, oh I 1st us not talk of auythiag painful or sad !" " Very wall ; let us bs happy to-night, and leave the ghosts of ths past behind us. Tsll me what you were thinking of, Nell, when I oamo baok and startled you ?" Nell lookod up half-imilingly in his faoe. " I can scarcely t.li, "she said ; " I was watoh- ing the drifting clouds ; all sorts of vague fancies were passing through my mind." " And through mino too, as I rode back. Nell, how like we are — only — " " Do not speak of any difference between ui. But let us go down to the waterfall ; there is still light enough for that." So the two went together, nnd stood watohing ths water falling, falling on its causeless ilight. And presently the Btars cams out one by one, and shone down on tlie darkening world. " Which is ours '!" said Godfrey, looking up at tho luminous sky ; " the star where we lived to gether loiig ago ?" " Noll aigliad softly. " It look v.ry peaceful un there," «h« an swered, wistfully, " far away from the troubles and worries here." , Chapter XV.— a Heart Revealed. ' Neithor - Godfrey Seton nor Neil made any nlluidon nmt morning at breakfast to their long inomchtoua Interview of tho night before. Yet they met with a consciousness sweet to them both ; with a aeorot knowledge that cast a halo and glamor over their hearts. , And it was well that Godfrey had something to act as a sort of armor to his.nnole's attack on tho subject of " tho Indian widow." For scarcely liiid h. seated himself at the breakfast table when Mr. Soton began. " Well, Godfrey, I hope you are prepared to encounter a tempest ?" ho said. . . "Do the elouds look threatening ?" answersd Godfrey, glaneing at the sky, but at tho same time not looking particularly happy. " Heavy squalls ; decidedly stormy, I predict," continued Mr. Seton, with a laugh. " Never saw a woman look in .a greater rage in my life than when I announced to your Indian widow fthat you did not intend to oast np last night." " What folly, " said Godfrey uneasily. ."You'll not find It all folly; my lad, I promfso yon 1 . A; breach of promise ease is the least yon may expect." - ,... , "Ohl. fathor, do not say such things," said Olivo looking shyly at her cousin. " My dear, it's well to prepare him for coming evehta. Whsn I said to the 'widow, 'I am sorry my nephew could not oome with us this evening, but he> gone over to visit a young fellow in his own regiment who has been down with fever,'. I wish you had seen her faoe. Sh turned red and then pale ; she bit her lips, and I. expected a regular scene." " And what followed ?" asked Godfrey sharply, and he looked at Nell as lie spoke ; hut Nell's eyds wero cast down, and a slight twitching of her. lips alone showed that she had any inter- eat in the conversation. ; . "What followed?", ropcated Mr. Seton, "Nothing particular just then, .lint at dinner the lady put mo under a regular cross-examina tion regarding your doings nnd misdoings, Master Godfrey. Sho aiked all sorts of ques tions about you, and as good as told me — well, what shall I say— that you and she were hound to each other by eom. tender tie, or promise, and that I might expect to have iter for a niece as soon as the correet time of mourning for her late husband had expired." "This is too bad," said Godfrey, pushing baok iiis chair impatiently. "Don't mind . my father's ohair, Godfrey," now gently suggested Olive. "He'll not find it chaff, my dear," replied Mr. Seton, with another laugh ; " tho lady is very much in earnest, I am cortain." " I don't adniiro her;" said Olive. " But Godfrey does, or did," replied Mr. Seton, significantly. Godfrey said nothing ; again lie looked at Noll Fraser, and this timo ahe raised her dark grey eyes, and for a moment they mot his. Then a sudden blush stole over her foes, and Godfrey knew that his uncle's words had been very painful to licr. " Suppose you leave Mrs. Fanahawe alone for a while, and toll us who were the rest of the party, and what they said and did," bow sng. gested Godfrey, with affected indifferenoe, help- lag himself to some toast. "The Gordons wore thero," answered Mr. Seton, '.'and Colonel Lee and his daughter. That was the whole patty, and your absence struck a chili over our hearts. But how did you find young Hay ward ? " "Rather low," inid Godfrey. "I do not think he ha pulled hiraielf together as lie should have done." " And yon dined with them? Did you Btay late ? " inquired Mr. Soton. " Not very," repliod Godfrey. " And you, Mies Fraser ; yon must have had a dull timo all to yourself?" now said Mr. Sston, looking at Neli. " Oh, no, I did very well," she answered, smiling. "Well, I wish yeu had gone to Lilbank; they're really kind people, the Fenwickes, and Mrs. Fenwioke Said she would havo been so pleased to sse you. But 1 invited them, and my proposed niece, -to dine here on Friday, and so you will meet them again." Neither Noli nor Godfrey spoke on receiving this intimation. But presently Godfrey rose and left the room with a frown on his brow, and after he was gone Mr. Seton still con tinued to talk on th. aubjeot of th. " Indian widow." "Do you know, I do really believe that woman is dead gone on Godfrey," he said, first looking at Oliv. and then at Nell. " Ha does not seem to bo dead gone on her then," repliod Olive, with a quick blush. " No ; but on. never oan tell. However, all the Bame I hop. I shall not have her for my nieoo : somehow I did not caro much about her. But, at 11 events, they are coming on Friday, and I wondsr what Godfrey will do." Godfrey in tho meantime had lit a oigar, and gone out to consider what ho should do. He f.It extromoiy annoyed, for h. was sonsitive, and hated that things which ho deemed snored should be publioly discussed. ' "How utterly oonrs. of bar," he thought, angrily, "and — and what must Nell think? " He had spent a restless night, for an inner consciousness had told him plainly that the.grey eyed girl lis loved was anything but indifferent to him. But it had told him also, as sho had looked steadfastly in his face, that there lay Borne bar botween them that she deemed it was impossible to cross. "What oan it bo?" asked Godfrey, walking up and down among tho shrubberies with un even steps. Then a not unnatural idea occurred to him. " Can she be engaged to anyone else ?" he re flected. " " Love anyone else I- am surd sho does not, but her fine sense, of -honor may make a bond a bond to her, however unwelcome it may be." And this thought brought n sting to Godfrey's heart and a flush to his cheeks. He remsmbcrod at thia moment how he was treating an unwcl oome bond ; how he was struggling to bo free from it ; how its reoollectiou was galling and hatefnl to hia heart. " If we are both bound, we must shake our selves froe," presently decided Godfrey. " We love each other — why should wo givo up tho one thing that makes life beautiful or holy for the sake of what could only now make it degrading or false?" "I will toll her the truth, and she will tell me," continued Godfrey's reflections. "How noble she looked last night, with her pure soul written in her faoe— while the other " and Godfrey moved his head with an impatient gesture of disgust. However, he had made up his miud. He would faee the consequences of his early folly, and ask the woman he loved to forgive him. He. went baok into tho house with this fixed deter mination, but found he had not the smallest opportunity of speaking alone to Neil during the whole day, and th. next day baing Friday, he remembored with horror that Mrs. Fanshawe was going to dine at Northesk.' The girla were together all the morning, and at lunch Mr. Seton returned, home in a very gloomy mood after attending poor Martiu's funeral. There was uo chaffing about Indian widows at this meal, and after it was orer Mr. Setou proposod a ride to Nell to distrait his mind. "Lot us rido over to the vicarage and ask the parson and his wife to dinner to-morrow, to inset tlio pcopje from Lilbank," he suggested, and Nell and Olive agreed to go. "Will you come with us, Godfrey?" now asked Mr. Seton. Godfrey did not reply for a moment ; ho looked at Nell ; ho wondered if he would havo any ohanco of speaking to her alone if he went. But Nell gave no answering glance. She had promised to tell Godfrey Setor. tlio truth, nnd yet slio shrank from this ; shrank from speaking words that might part them. " Yet I suppose we must part," thought Nell,' and a cold chill pang cropt into her heart as she did so. " Olive has something for you that nine last night," said Mr. Seton,' looking at Neli. "My little girl," he went on, addressing Olive, "run upstairs and Bprend out in state the things that you know of. Miss Fraser will follow you in 10 minutes, so you have plenty of time." "What ie it, Mr. Seton," asked Nell, looking at him smilingly. "Wait till you see," answered Mr. Seton, also smiling. So Nell waited,and sat talking totheunole and nephew, until Mr. Seton produced his substan tial gold wutoli, and held it towards Nell. "Time is ap, Miss Fraser," he said, "and Olive will be ready for you." " Where will I find her?" aalted Nell, rising. "In your , room, I expeet," answered tho kindly master of tlie house ; and Nell accord ingly proceeded upstairs and went to her own room, and on entering it found, spread out on the bed, a beautifully made nsw blue cloth habit, numerous white and other colored waist coats, a smart little gold mounted riding whip, and all other accessories of a complete lady's ridiug dress. And near them lay one of Mr. Seton's visiting cards, on which was written,' in his own handwriting, as follows : — For Miss Fraser, With oomplimentB and kind regards. Nell naturally felt very grateful. " How kind and good of him," aha thought, with sparkling eyes ; "and when I vexod him ao, too, at th. inquest." But if th. truth be told, Olive's tailor had received tbe order for Miss Fiaser's habit befora the inquest, and the kindly sqnir. had never thought of countermanding it. Nell had an noyed bim very mnoh, but he bore no malice, and it pleased him to think that tlio pretty girl under his roof should havo a handsome new habit, and he was not unwilling that she should wear it for the first time when going on a visit to Mrs. Jordan's. Neil looked over all her smayt things, and then ran along the oorridor to Olive's room to thank h.r for her father's prcicut. Sho rapped lightly at the door, but receiving no answer, and as it was partly ajar, abo pushed it slightly optn. Olive was standing at the open window, and her Hps were pressed againsta photograph whioh sho held ip hey hand. She was so enrapted that she never heard Nell' " entrance ; never looked round. She stood there with her faco laid on the picture that she held; and' again and again the pressed it to . her lips. - Nell also for a inomont stood silent, and then, feeling that she had no right to witness what was not intended for her eyes, she spoke— " Olive !" all said, softly. Olivo started nud glanced qniokly backwards, nnd in that moment Neil saw whoso photograph was in Olive's hand, before sho had time rapidly to place it in the jewel ense on her toilet table. It was Godfrey Setoff's ; Godfrey In uniform, on whoso piotureil faco hia fair young cousin had juat laid her rosy lips. Tlio two girls both looked and felt conscious, but Nell tried to hide thia. " I came to thank you, Olive," she said — " to thank Mr.' Seton. How very, very good and klud of you both !" "It was quite my father's own idea," answered Olive, now recovering herself. " He told mo to measure one of your dresses round tho waist, and ho gave all the other direotions him self. I do hope it will fit ?" "It looks perfection. I do not know how to thank Mr. Soton ; it was so very thoughtful, so very kind." " It will pleaso him to see you wear it. That will be all tho thanks he requires," eaid Olivo kindly. "Now go and put it on, and I will see if it requires any alterations." Nell was glad to leave tho room, and she loft it with a strange, sharp pang in her heart. She hod known before that Olivo Seton was very fond. of her couain, .but tho little scene she had jost witnessed was n startling revelation to hor. It was not cousinly nor sisterly love that was shining in Olive's bluo eyes as she pressed her Hps on Godfroy's photograph. Aud then Neil thought ot what had happened last night ; thought of Godfrey's words, and tbo strong, deep feeling in her own heart. She sat down, palo and trembling. She for got tits smart new habit, forgot everything but the painful position ia whioh she found her self. " Poor girl, poor child," sho murmured, half below her breath. At this moment she pitied Olive, pitlsd her for her wasted loved; her unreturnsd affec tion. "And what must I do?" she asked her self, and a cold, sick ' feeling stole over her heart.- "I havo no right to stand between her and her love," she thought. "I must tell him — wo can he nothing to each other — and y.t — Oh 1 Godfrey, Godfrey !" ' She covered her face with her hands, and a bitter sigh esoapod her lips. But a light step outside the door speedily startled her, and tbe next moment ther. camo' a little rap. It was Olive, to seo if tho new habit fitted her, and when she entered the room she gave an exclama tion of surprise. ".What, .not dressed?" sho said, looking at Nell. "I did not feel very well for a moment or two," 'answered Nell, falteririgly. " Oil, I'm so sorry," said Olivs, with eager kindness. " Can I get you anything ? Some sal-volatile?' Somo wine?" Nell accepted the offer of the sal-volatile, for the purpose of giving herself a few minutes to rocover, and by the time Olive had returned with it from hor own room Noll had regained her self-possession. Then tho now habit was tried on, and found to fit perfectly the slim, well formed figure for whioh it was intended. Tho hat, the whip, everything alike, wore exactly what they ought to ho, and when Nell and Olivo went downstairs fully equipped for their ride Mr. Seton was quite delighted with the effect of his gift. " You look charming," he said, " quite charm ing. You'll make Mrs. Jordan quite ill with envy, Miss Fraser." " I do not knew how to thank you for your groat kindness, Mr. Seton," said. Noli, going up to him, and holding out her little gauntlettod hand. Mr. Seton shook it heartily. "I want no thanks," he aaid,. "but I am pleased you like it, and look so well in it. And now, come aloug, and let me assist you to mount, and we will show Mrs. Parson how smart you look." Chapter XVI. — A Orushikq Blow. Godfrey Seton did not accompany his uncle and- tho. two girls to the vicarage ; nor did he compliment Nell on her habit, though he stood by and watched the squire help her on to hor horse. He wanted to see her alone, and there was something in his smiling, dark tinted eyes that told Nell this, when for a moment or two he laid his hand on the glossy neck of the handsome bay on whieh she was mounted. " Now, are yon ready ?" cried Mr. Seton, nnd so Godfrey movod away. and lifted hia cap, but watched Noll still until the trees of the aveuue hid her from his sight. Then he went into the house aud sat down deliberately to write two letters ; one to the woman ho loved, the other to the woman ho had ooased to'love. " I must see yon alono to-day somewhere," he wrote to Nell ; " for our conversation of last iiight has left me anxious and full ot doubt. Noil, dear Nell, what I told you was perfectly' true, and I havo thought it all over, aud hare come to the conclusion that it is an overstrained sense of honor that yon would permit to separate us. Shall I guess your secret, lor our souls seem to mq to bo so near akin that I think I can ? You have bound yourself by a promise to marry some other man, and so you think yon now cannot follow the dictates of your heart? Ia' this so, Nell ? You said last night you would be the truest friend to mo that a man ever had, .aud true friendship and true love are not wide apart. " And is it honor to keep a promise whioh tho heart lias already broken? I eannot think it. When I see you, I, too, have a confession to make ; a confession degrading and humiliating to ine, but whioh it is right that you should hear. Do not keep me in suspense ; I will meet you at any place, or at any hour, when you can see me alone. But let ine see you to-day. — Ypurs.eyer, "G. Seton." Godfrey wrote this, sealed it, and then gave it, togothor with lialf-a-crown, to one of the maids to plaoo on tho toilet tnble in Nell's room. This girl, smiled when she received it, nnd did not .ovinoe any surprise. It was supposed in the household that Major Seton would probably marry hia cousin, Miss Seton, but the maid began to have her doubts ou the subject after she 'received Godfrey's commission. But sh. pmdoiilly said iiuliiiug ou the suojeoc. "Ono thing may lead to another," ahe re flected, aud at ones began to caloulata on the rooeipt of more half-crowns. Having despatched this letter to Godfrey then sat down to write one most repugnant to his own. feelings. Even how to oommence it he did not know ! There had been dayB when he would have bogun, " Dearest Grace " ; days when it had been "Deaf Grace," and now he hated to uee any suoh familiar designations. He sat there with his pen in hiB hand, and an uneasy oon- soiousness in his heart. He remembered little things at this moment— gifts and lore tokens of a love that had passed away ! How many had she kept? He had given her a gold heart onot, with a diamond eoroll ; had she it now, when his heart was colder to her than the frozen snow ? He was still debating the question in his mind how to begin hie lotter to Mrs. Fanahaw., when one from her was brought to him by the butler. "'Please, major," said the man, "a groom from Lilbauk has brought this over for you, and he's orders to wait for an answer." " Very well," said Godfrey, impatiently, and then he tore open tbis-lett.r. "Dearest Godfrey," h. read, with a frown ing .brow, "T was terribly disappointed that you did uot come last night. "\Ve are bound to each other and w. eaqnot break that bond, and I mustseeyoutosettletlio plans of our future lives. Your unole asked us to dine with him to morrow, hut oan you. come over here to-day? I'lens. do if you possibly oan, for I havo so muoh to sry to you ; ,so much to. talk over. The man who takes this will remain for an answer ; re member I am impatiently waiting for it. " Evor your loving "Grace." Godfrsy flung this lotter angrily on the table before him after he had flnishod it Than ho began to paoe. impatiently up and down the room, and finally sat down and wrote a v.ry bri.f reply. "I will see Nell first," he had decided, "and then I hope to bo ablo to tell hor I am engaged to another woman." " I cannot go to Lilbank to-day," he wrote, " but I will c. you to-morrow. "Yours in great haste, "G. Seton." He felt relieved oftor he had despatched this short note. Surely she must understand after receiving it that it was all over between them? Then, man like, ha began to smoko, and wat strolling in the avenue when ho saw Mr. Seton, Nell and Olive returning from their visit to Mrs Jordan's. It struck him whsn ho mst thtm that his unole had an anxious look, and, glancing quickly at the two girls, he noticed that Olive was very pale. They were tiding slowly, and Mr. Seton scarcely pulled up when tlisy met Godfrey. "Olive's dead tired," he said, "I wish ws were home." Godfrey instantly turned with them, and walked by the side of his oousin's horse up the avenue towardi tlie house. Olive was leaning forward on her saddle, and hsr face had the paleness of groat fatigue. "What has tired you so, ray dear ?" asked Godfrey, kindly. " I was tired last night," she answersd in a low tono, "and Mrs, Jordan talked a good deal " " Horrid woman ! " exclaimed Godfrey ; bat only a very wen smile passed over hi young cousin's lips as he spoke. She said nothing more, but when they wore close to the entrance of the H.I1 she suddenly gave a faint cry and fell forward on her horse', neck, end hor whip dropped from h.r hand. Godfrey at one. oaught h.r by th. waist, while her father hastily dismounted and went to hsr other aide. She had fainted, and was lifted from her saddle in an Unsensible state. Nell also quiokly sprang from her horae, and knelt down by Olive, lifting on of her nerveless hands. " Dear Olive, what is it ?" she said. " What is the matter?" But Olive made no sign, and Mr. Seton's alarm became very great. "Go to the house, Godfrey, and tell them to bring brandy and sal-volatile," he said in a state ef extreme agitation. "The child has fainted." Whatever can have mado her faint ?" But in a few minutes Olive began to revive. She opened her eyes ; she sighed, and when she saw her father bending anxiously over her, she tried to smile. "My darling— are you bettor?" said Mr. Sston, tenderly, and as he spoke he bent down and kissed tho little ohill hand. By this time Godfrey nnd somo of the ser vants arrived, and Mr. Seton insisted on Olive taking a little brandy. Sho thon sat up, and leaned her head against her father's breast, who was atili kneeling on the ground. After a while she rose, and walked slowly the few steps to tho hall, supported on either side by Mr. Seton and Godfroy. "I am so tired," she said, in her gentle way. " It's nothing ; did I frighten you, dsai father?" " I did not like to see my little girl look so pale," answered Mr, Seton, with quivering lips. But the moment they reached the houso 1m quietly despatched one of the servants for the doctor, without saying anything to Olive. " Now you must go to bed, Olive, and rest, and I will send your dinner up to you. Yoi" must not oome downstairs again to-night, my darling," he said, and, accompanied by Nell, Olive at once rotlred to her own room. She mado light of her suddon attack whea she got there, and soon declared she felt all right again. But presently, to her great annoy ance, the doctor arrived, and set Mr. Seton's heart at oase by declaring there was nothing serious the matter with her. "Juat a little over-fatigue," he said ; "the long drive iast night and the ride to-day lias been a little too much for Miss Olive's strength. Do not rise again to-night, my dear young lady; rest and sleep alt you can, and take plenty of nourishment. I recommend strong soup, a little chioken, and a glass or two of champagne ; a generous diet, iu faot, and to-morrow you will b. as well as ever." These words wero an immense relief to Mr. Seton's mind. He remembered his fair dear wife having just such another attack bctore her long illness began, and when h. saw Olive fall forward on her eaddle a sudden chill of fear had struck his heart. But his spirits rose after he heard thodootor's opinion, and in his kindly hospitable way he insisted ou Dr. Watson remaining to dinner. The doctor, nothing loth, did so, and saw him self that his direotions rogarding Olive's food were carriud out Nell also insisted on going up with Olive's dinner and on her eating some of it. Presently she lay baok and said she would like to go to oleep, and at her own request Neil left her, and as she returned to the draw- ingroom both Mr. Seton and Godfrey roee to reoeive her. "Come and eat your own dinner now, Miss Fraser," said Mr. Seton. " I have kept tho soup ; was Olive able to take anything?" "Oh, yes," answered Nell, "she is ranch better ; she is going to sleep." "That is all right then, but she gave me a terrible fright." " No occasion for anxiety, I assure yon, my dear sir," said the doctor, who was enjoying a good dinner ; and at thos. oheery words Mr. Seton's appetite decidedly improved. Once or twice duriug the meal Godfrey lookod inquiringly at Nell. Had iho got his letter? ha was thinking, and when hor oyes met his he knew that she had. When she had gone to her room to ohango her riding habit she found Godfrey's note, and it had mado her very sad. She remembered tho soene in the morn ing ; the lingering kisses that Olive had prsissd on her oousin's piotured face. And now sho must tell him the truth ; must spsak th«\ words that must part tbsir lives. (To be continued. ) 