RE-UNION WITH ROME. The Her; J. Cowperthwaite preached to a crowded congregation at theYarra street "Wesleyan Church last night on the subject of re-union with the Church of Home. He dealt more especially with the barriers to re union, which were claimed to arise out of doctrinal ; divergences of the Church of Home from "Apos tolic teaching. The text was from the . Epistle of Jude, verses 3-4—" That ye should earnestly con tend for the faith which was once delivered unto the saints," etc. The text made it a matter of duty on the part of all Christians to put forth every possible effort to secure and maintain the purity of the Christian faith. The faith referred to was the ' system or body of Christian truth possessed by the Apostolic church. It was spoken of as given, oneo for all, to tho saints. This showed very clearly that the sys tem of doctrine was complete, and therefore could not be indefinitely en larged and added to by sub-apostolic teachers,, or church councils. The Christian faith once for all delivered to the saints, was the teaching of Christ and His Apostles, now embo died and preserved for us in the holy scriptures. So concerned was the Apostlo Paul about the doctrines ho taught that ho said, " Hut thougli wo or an angel f rein Heaveu preach any other gospel unto you thau that which we have preached, let him be accursed." Gal.' 1, 8. Now the cliuvgo- which true Protestants have alwaj-s brought against the Church of Home was that she had greviously corrupted the faith once delivered to the saints. Though "claiming to be an Apostolic church, she had departed widely from Apostolic teaching and practice. Tho first example of this departure was the celibacy of the clergy. A few weeks ago a paragraph wont the round of the papers stating that the Pope was propared to con cede the .marriage of the clergy as one step towards union with the Anglican Church. That had since been offici ally denied. In-'the seventeenth century this was one of the conces sions held out to tho JReformed Church of Germany as an inducement to re union. Tho compulsory celibacy" of the clergy only dated from the -year 1074 in the second year of the Ponti ficate of Gregory the Seventh. "Pre viously to this celibacy was optional, and a great number in holy orders wore married;': This was the usage of the earliest ages ' of the church."' The scriptures were most definite; on the subject. St. Peter was a married man—-Matt. viii,. 14v. Intlio epistle to Titus, 1 chap., "5-8 verses, and 1 Tim., iii., 2-5 "verses, St. Paul speci fied that a bishop. must be the husband of one wife. Plainly, then, on this.point the Church of Borne had departed from tho faith once delivered' to the saints. The next divergence in doctrine was tho Sacrament of tho Lord's Supper. ■; Its institution was given in detail by the sacred evange lists., Nothing could bo simpler, than this rite as set before thorn" in tho gospels. Thore was no gorgeous ceremony, no adoration of the'.conse crated elements, no hint of any incom prehensible mj-stery in the Eucharist itself. . But what hnd the holy Supper become in the doctrine of the Church' of Rome ? First, she taught that the words of consecration spoken by the priest changed the bread and 'wind' into the very body and blood, tho soul and divisity of our Adorable Redeemer.. What was the evidence of this stupen dous change ? There was no evidence, physical or moral.. It was entirely as matter of .faith. It all depended upon. - the literal sense of our Lord's words, " This is my body." Moreover, the Eucharist was regarded as n propitia-. tory sacrifice for the sins of the livings and tho dead. Where had they (in sufficient scriptural warrant for doc trines so transcendent'and momen tous? These and other misconceptions of divine truth must stand as an. impassablo barrier in tho way of ro-unipn with Rome. The union of the - severed sectious of the Christian Church was a most desirable consum- - (pation. It was prayed for by our Blessod Lord. It was certain to come Thoro would be one Lord, the, risen' glorified Redeemer, the Shepherd and: Bishop of our souls. There would be one faith, and' that the faith once L delivered to the saints. There would be one baptism and that not of water, 'only, but of the Holy Ghost, uniting all hearts in a common consecration Jo the evor blessed Trinity, and in tho common purpose ox living the Uhrist like liie of humilfy, peace and love. : 