A Fatal Scare. 4 Children Killed and 30 Injured. During an mtoitubnient on Wednesday night (December 5th.) in a Catholio sohnol in K^glan street, ono of thu must densely populated districts in Belfast, tho gaa wont out. This caucod great excito nient and a rush downstairs. Four children wero killed and about thirty soriously in jured.' The en'ert'iinmont was given by a ? ravelling purty, wii -' got tho loan of tho school f»r the occasion, an t as tho prices of udmiisiuu raugod from Id. to 3d., tho building, whioh is oapable of seating 400 people, was crowded. Tho roault of the Btampede was terrible, the majority of thoao in front fulling hoidlong to tho bot tom of the si aircasu, and tho othoro coming poll-mell on top of them. The gas, it is stutrd, was not turno.l out accidentally, but. deliborately ; and the police are making inquiries. A girl of 18, nunTod Nowell, v/ho was at the show with two young sisters, took them by thn hand when, tho' paiiio sot in, and muking for tho btairs got right in tho middlo of tho oniah with choru. Slio was ?i Btrong young woman, aud she buttled to butuliim-tt-')y.sho f tinted. l'e:or CiEBidy, who took hia littlo girl, a;iya : ' The fr-int. part wjs packed, hut tin-re was some \iicmit epaco at tho buck — I should a;iy thine wore botwoon 200 f.nd 300 thoro. Tho performance hn:l aisrtud nbout hulf-Hnvmr, whon ^ho gai wont out. There waa a good doul of otinf uaion b' foro fits. Tho ' boas ' of tho show camo out fi-t as a darkey, »nd begAn singing, ' Como, all yon littlo «iH«.' Tho ob.ildr.on woro nhout \\\u, howover, and tho nwn flcuMtmtgot Ipnvn tntjiTg, Mid he hud to hind and brought out hio wlfo to help him, but tho audionco would not linton to her oithor, and aho wont in too, and aont out a littlo girl. Thoy would not hoar her oithor, and kept ohou ing and kicking up a torriblo noino. Tho man and his wifo oamo baok, and did tho boob thoy could in tho noiso, but I hoard litllo of thoir singing or spoiking. Thon tho light whioh had boon very dim all tho timo, wont out, and loft us all in darkness. Thoro waa a rush by tho peoplo bolund for tho door, and thon tho children in front got torriiiod and aoramWod ovor everything, trying to got to tho door. I wns towards tho front, and I piokod up my lutlo girl and put hor in a small room bohind out of tho ruah and wont to tho length of tho stairs to try if I could find a light. Thoro must havo boon a horriblo cruah on tho stairs at tho timo, though I could not boo. Tho womon and thu poor children woro shrieking ar.d screaming. At tho timo tho gaa wont out I did not hoar anyone shouting ' Murdor,' or 'Ghost,' oi 'Fire.' But thoro wns plonty of shrioking ' Murdor ' and ' Holp' aftorwarda. Tho ohildron ran ovor eaoh othor, and tumblod ovor tho forms to got to tho door, and somo of tho glass in tho windows waa smashed, but I don't think anyono wus hurt in tho room. It was whon thoy got to tho otairs that the misohicf began. I could do nothing at tho timo, but whon tho gas was lighted I helped bj freo tho ahildron.' Tho stairoaao it may bo montionod, is about 5 f b in width, nnd rather atoop. 