THE STORYTELLER. A BRIDE'S MADNESS. By the Author of "The Queen Against Owen," &c..; &c.; [Continued.] CHAPTER VI. CATHERINE'S SECRET. 'He was a brute,' she answered. ' He got to know I had a pension, and that's why he married me. He told me so himself after wards.' ' Shameful ! As if your face wain't enough for him !' cried the amorous Jem. 'And then, when I wouldn't tell him where the money came from, he took to bullying me awful. He said. he knew I had a socret, and hare that secret oat of me he would. Why, he's beaten me ?ometimes till I could hardly ?tand.'. ' And why didn't you tell him V ' Because I promised not MJV They'd have cot off the ponsion directly. Besides, I didn't dare trust Burlston, he was that raBh andi violent. He'd have tried to get more money' out of it, end then there'd have been an ex posure, or something awful. Oh, I abudder. to think what would hare happened if that man had lived much longer.' 1 Should yon have told him; do yon think ?', ' I should have had to, to save my own life; He'd been threatening to kill me several-, time's lately, and he was the man to do it, too,' when the drink was on bim.' ' Then if his death; was an accident, it was ? .very luoky accident for some people,' Catherine turned pale. 'What do you mean ?' she hoarsely matteied. ' Of oonrse it was an accident.' 1 So I've always heard,' was the ambiguous reply. ' But you're not taking* anything.' And Jim forced another tumbler of gin and water into her not too reluctant bands. While she sipped it he observed : ' Well, Oatherine, you shall never have to ?ay that I tried to get your aeorets out of jou. I've secrets of my own, enough and to ?pare, as it is. Why, I could tell yon tbiuga about some of the people round here that would astonish you — things: that nobody dreams of.' ' Tell me, what are they ?' said Catherine, ?agerly riling to the bait. By this time her voice bad become thickened by the quantity she had drunk. Mr. Smith, too, spoke with a certain loose ntas which seemed inconsistent with strict ?obrietv. 1 Ob, I daresay,' he now responded, with a rather maudlin wink. ' What's sauce for the goose is sauoe for the gander, You tell me wbo gives you that pension and I'll tell you something that'll interest you about Miss Grosse.' The widow started. For a moment she ?eemed to vacillate, but her will power had deserted her, and she yielded to the voice of the tempter. Like the traveller in the (able, she- bad withstood' the -force of tbe atorm, only to give way at the first approach of milder influence!. ? Well, Jem,' she laid, 'you're a different ?ort of fellow from Burliton, and I believe I can trnst you. You iwear not to tell any body ?' , . ' Never, I swear it. ' And you'll never let 'em know I've told you.' \- Not on any account.' 'Then I'll tell you. I get fifty pounds a year, paid rflg'lar, from——' 1 Sir Arthur Redloigh 1' broke in her listener impatiently, as she hesitated over the name. The woman stared at him with a dull surprise. ' Why, whatever'e put that into your head?' she mumbled. - Wharovor'e he got t(kdo with it V „ This time it was the man's turn to be sur prised. He could hardly conceal his con fusion, and wished he had bitten his tongue before he ventured on tbe interruption. At length he pulled himself together, and aBked : ' Well, who is it then V 'Mr. Grosse,' was the reply, Jem drew a deep breath, and struck his forehead with his hand, For a minute he was too much overwhelmed with bis thoughts to utter a syllable, but as soon as he could collect himself be said, in as matter-of-fact a tone as he could command. ' And why does he pay yon ?' Catherine was intoxicated by this time; but not too intoxicated to perceive where she stood at this question. Closing her lips tightly, she shook her bead at her questioner, and then mattered : ' That's what you'll never know.' At this moment, while the man was re garding her with the look of one doubtful as to his best coarse , to pursue, there suddenly came a loud knook at the door. The pair started to their feet. For a moment neither moved. Then Smith, who bad suddenly recovered his sobriety, darted to the opposite door, and opened it. The boy Martin stood outside, looking aa white as a ghost. 1 Oh, Mr. Smith; have you heard the news ?' he exclaimed, as soon as he saw the keeper, 'No ; what is it V 1 A. telegram has just oome to Sir Arthur; Lady Redleigh is dead !' 