BUTIE HILL BURYING GBOUlm.D tti. Tenanted Almost Wholly by Men WtL4 , , ed With Thelr Boots On. ls the traveler approachee Billings from the east, he sees to the left of the railroad a large numbier of houses, mostly of primitive oonstruction. There Sa gapof open country andthen comes Billings. That suburb is worth 6 visit. r It iapart of Montana's history. It is SCoulson. The houses, with a single ex Sception, are untenanted, and have been Sfor some years. It is said that people coming to Billings find it difficult to 1 get houses. But it.is never suggested that the surplus population be gathered t at Coulson. ff there is not a first-class a ghost story for every house in the de serted town, then things are not as they shouldbe. If you go to Coulson you must climb "Butte Hill" and see the Codolson burying-ground. Twenty-foua men are buried there, and twenty-thas of them died with their boots on. SOne day California Jabk-every bore d er town had its California Jack- s takedhis last twenty-dollar gold-piece at the faro table and lost it. He got u p, feeling ugly, walked outdoors and into the restaurant which was near by. SSeveral men were there, and a little 'waiter who knew California Jack ins timately was sitting on a table swinging his feet., "I'll shoot the first man that speaks," said California Jack. *What's the matter with you?' called But the waiter in a bantering tone; SCalifornia Jack put his left hand on Ihe little fellow's shoulder and at the same instant.drew his pistol and shot his victim through the heart. It was such a cold-blooded affair that the men i the place, usually ready, sat a~i. if paralyzedjust long enough to Ftt .Oaal· ' fornia Jack swinghimself upon his hor'se and get out of range. Then there was .hasty recruiting of a posse, brit it was too late. California Jack escaped and aever came back to Coulson. That is the way one of the twenty Ihree graves on "Butte Hill" was flled. The other stories are like unto it. Coul son was here before Billings was. It was the great outfitting point for the buffalo hunters. It was a frontier me tropolis. When the railroad approached the Coulson. people saw their, town a second Chicago. Coulson boomed until the railroad company built by it, got q sootion of land, a couple of miles furh ther west, and located Billings. It was proposed to connect the new town an= the old town with a street railroad. The cars were even ordered and rei ceived. But the project went le way o so many other schemes of the early days, People gradually moved away, froni Couton until only "Liver- Eating" John, son remained. 1r. Johnson is credited with having taken 1,239 Sioux scalps, Once upon a time he and two compani ions had an unusually severe tussle with the "varmints." Mr. Johnson was so worked up over the struggle that al the end of it he out out the liver of an Indian and devoured it in the presence of his companions, who told the story, Ever since that timehe has been known as "Liver-Eating" Johnson, and he makes no denial of .the incident. Thq historical associations at Coulson are not unpleasant to Mr. Johnson, and the host etores da q disturb his sluai pers»< . _^ _ ^^_ ··_ " _ » 