rrn ANING Author of "Te Gun-Ruaner, a Byouce of Zu.n M m kod: 'T'wn Snop w andFire " " Throagh the Zulu Country-: Itb BattLe~Js e ik People." aet SCHAPTER XXXVL.-Szrjos's LAsr LIE. I Bnt that he hold the key toit in the ehjh of Violet's communication, the reserve, not to say coldness, of his reception by the family, would have astonished Sellon not a little. Now, howevyl, it in no wise disconcerted him; rather, it struck him in the light of a joke. He had got his cue, and meant to act up to it. So when his somewhat involuntary host asked if he would mind giving him a private interview, he replied with the jolliest laugh :in the world. "Certainly, certainly, my dear fellow. Delighted. Well, Mies Effe "-as that young person ran against them in the hall "here 1 am, back again to tease you, you -see." "Where's Uncle Renshaw, Mr Sellon ?" said the child. Eaurice stared. The straight question the straight look accompanying it, discon certed hbn for a moment "Renshaw ! Oh, coming on," he answered quickly, "coming on. Be here soon, I dareeay." He had made the same sort of reply to the same inquiry on the part of his host. He thought he had done with, the subject. It \- irritated him to be called upon to repeat the -same lie over and over again. "By the way, ir Sellen," began the latter. "did you get the letter I sent you at Msraisdorp " "Mister Sellon !" Maurice started. Old Chris was taking the thing serio..ly indeed, 'lhe thought, with an inward langh. ' Not I," he answered. "Probably fortes best of all possible reasons. I didn't come through Maraiadorp, or anywhere near it." "Before going any further I want you to look at this," said Selwood, unlooking a -small safe and taking out the unfortunate missive. " WYait-exonse me one moment, I want you to look attentively at the direction first." ie still held the envelope. Maurice took \--one glance at the address-the handwriting and as he did so his face was not pleasant to behold. "All right I know that ealigraphy well enough. Onght to by this time. Ha,- ha ! So she has been favoring youen with her peculiar views on things in general and me an particular. You ought to feel honored." S"I? Favoring me?" echoed the other, in -a state of amazement. "Yes-you. I suppose the communica tion is an interesting one." "My dear Sellon, look at the address again," said Christopher, handing him the -'envelope. "By Jove ! It's for me after all," looking at it again. "Whst a treat! Why the devil \- can't the womanwrite legibly," he muttered. 'Thaen aloud: "Why it looks exactly as if it was addressed to you. Selwood." "Ha-1i am very glad indeed to hear you say that. I thought the same. You see, I'd got it mixed up among a crowd of other letters, and opened it by mistake." "The devil you did 1" "Yes. I can only tell yon how eorry I am, and how I have spent life cursing my blan dering asinine stupidity ever since. But there is another thing. I feel bonnd in honor to tell you that I didn't become aware of the mistake until I had run my eye down the first page. You will notice there is no be ginning. I turned to the signature for en lightenment, but between the first page soand the signature I did not read a word." Sellon burst into a roar of laughter-ap parently over the mistake, in reality as he realised how quickly he would be in a posi tion to turn the enemy's flank. "My dear fellow, don't say another word about it. The joke is an exceedingly rich -one. See what comes of our names being so infernally alike. Two sells-eh? But yon don't suppose I am going to share in your entertainment over this charming \- epistle? Not much. Just oblige me with a match." "Wait, waet,"cried the other. "Better read it this time-or, at any rate, as much of itas it was my misfortune to see." Ha'm ! Well, here goes," said Maurice, jerking the letter out of the envelope, as though it would barn his fingers. "Quite .3o," he went on, with a bitter esneer, run -ning his eye down the sheet. "That's about enough of this highly entertaining douonment. The rest can be taken as read, like a peti tion to the House of Commons. That natch, if you please. Thanks. I need I hardly remind you, Selwood,"he went on, watching the flaming sheet curling up in the t grate, "I need hardly remind you how g many men thereare in this world who marry the wrong woman. I daresay I needn't remind you, either, that a considerable per \--centage of these are esitrapped and defrauded b into the concern by lies and deception , -against which it is next to impossible for any man to guard-at all events, any young man. When to this I add that there are a women in this world who, for sheer, gratuitous, uniform fiendishness of disposi- u tion could give the devil points and beat him a at an easy canter, I think I've said enough n for all present purposes." - i " This is an awkward and most nnples sait business," said Selwood. "Erxcuse me t 'if I feel bound to refer once more to that i letter. The-er-writer makes reference by 'same to Miss Avory, who is aguestinmy " houase; andoa relation of my wife's-and that too, in a very extraorainary manner, to put p it as mildly as loan." "dIly dear fellow, that's a little way of hers. I can assure you I ammost awfully put out that you should have been annoyed about thebusiness. As tothe mistake, don't give it another thought." "How did Mrs- er-the writer-know Miss Avory was here " This was a faser-not so much the ques. I -fion, as the fact that the knowledge of Violet's whereabouts on the part of the writer implied that he, Sellon, had not met ler there at Sunnningdsle for the first time. But he hoped the other might not notice this \- sideof it. \- "That's beyond me," he answered. "How dide sheknow I was hereP For lneedhardly . tell yon we don't correspond every mail -exactly. I can only explain it on the score b has more people know Tom Fool than T. F. knows; that there are, Ienuppose, people in this neighborhood who holf from the old -country,-or have relations there, and the - poetage upon goosip is no higher than that j apon business." u You will not mind my asying that it is i a pity we did not know you were a married man." " Had been,' you should have said, not 'were.: Not but what legally I-am still tied upfast enough-chained and brnud--whish I this advantage, that it keeps man from all tempintion' to maele a fool cfhimself a second time in his life. Still, it doesn't \-- count otherwise." "iNo, I snpaoo not,' as a tL other, significantly. "Perhas jit dosent·-reeg a man from making a Il of other o tha . my dear Sslsoad, hat very 1 -deanoe are you driviuig at ? For heaven's make, letus be straight and open with each \--other." "Well, I mean this. It's a most un. \- gleasent thing to have to say to any man. (396) S Bnt, von see, Mine Avory is our guest, and a selation aawell. You must know as well M I do that your attentions to her were very Ser-marked." SOne of those jolly laughs which has so e genuine a rig, and which Maurice knew so well when to bring in, greeted this speech. t "Look here, Selwood," he said, "I don't want to hnrt yourfeelings, but the fact is, t you don't understand women in the least. SYou are quite on the wrong tack, believe me. SMisse Avory doesn't care the ghost of a straw for me, or my 'attentions.' Yon must re \- member that we both knew-er-the same people in England. There, you must fill in \- the ontline. I am not at liberty to say more. 1 But there won't be mnoh time to put the matter to the test, for I've got to leave yeou again to- morrow." To Christopher Selwood'a honorable mind \- no donbt suggested itself as to the genuine ness of this explanation. Thero was a frank atraightforwardneos about it which, with a I man of his character, was bound to tell. He C felt intensely relieved. But to this feeling there succeeded one of humiliation. Had he Snot made an inordinate fuss over the concern s at the start? Had he not raised a veritablo a storm in the teapot, and set everybody by a the ears for weeks? Had he not in his anxiety to unburden himself abdicated his Sown mature judgment in favor of the less re I liable decision of his wife? In short, had he not made a conaummate ass of himself all 1 round? Ofcoursehehad. "By the way, Selwood, there is one thing I want to tell you about now we are to gether," said Maurice, after a pause. "You Sand the others were asking abont Fanning just now. The fact is, he is not with me, but I couldn't say so without entering into t further explanations, which would certainly e have alarmed the ladies. We found our S'Valleyof the Eye' all right, and a dence of a Sjob it was. Pihengh! I wouldn't co on that jaunt again for twice the loot. The S'Eye' is a genuine concern, I can tell you \- a splendid stone. Fanning has got it. Well, we spent the day picking up a few other stones, and just as we were _clearing out we 1 were attacked by a lot of Bushmen or ! Korannas, or whatever they were, and had r to run. By Jove; it was touch and go. They Spressed us hard until dark, and then we had to separate-to throw them off the scent, Sdon't you see? We agreed to meet at his place-that is, if we were to meet anywhere arn in inthis world. Well, I had an awful time of it in those infernal mountains, dodging the niggers. I couldn't show my nose in the daytime, and didn't know the country well enough to make much headway at night, and I nearly starved. It took me more than a week before I could fetch the river, and got through to Fannidg's place, and when Igot there he hadn't turned op. But I found a letter which had been sent by Sspecial meesenger, requiring me at Capetown, I sharp, about some infernal buitimportant law busmeas, and I'm on my way there now. I left a note for Fanning, telling him what to do with my.ehare of the swag when it came to dividing, for we hadn't had time to attend to that then, and except a few emall tonese he has it all on him. It'll be something good, I guess. I dare say he's turned up at home again long before this. He was just laughing in his sleeve at the idea of a few niggers like that thinking to run him to earth. And he seems to know that awful oontrylike ABC. I never saw such a fellow." " That's bad news, Sellon, right bad news," said the other, shaking his head. " Benshaw has been all his life at that sort of thing, so we maust hope he'll turn up all right. But the pitcher that goes too often to the pump, you know." "Well, I need hardly say I devoutly hope he will, for if not I shall be the loser to a very large extent, as all the swag is with him. But I somehow feel certain we shalt hear from him almost directly." We maybe sure that in narrating his ad ventures that evening to the household at large Sellon in no wise minimised his experi ences of the undertaking, or hisown exploits. It is only fair to say that Ihe really had under gone a very hard time before he had sune ceeded inetrikSing the river at the dritt where they had crossed; and, indeed, it was more by good luck than management that he had reached it at all. And during his narrative one listener was noting every word be said, with breatthless attention. Whenever he looked up Marian Selwood's blue eyes were fixed upon his face. He began to feel very uncomfortable beneath that steady searching gaze. But he felt more so when, his story finished, Marian began to ply him with questions. "A regular crocslexamination, oonfoundic " he thought. And then, by way of a diver. sion, he went to fetch the few diamonds which he had kept apart to show as the sole result of the expedition. These were ex amined with due interest. The fact of Sellon arriving alone created no suspicion in the minds of Selwood and his wife, nor yet uneasiness. Was he not a newly-imported Briton-and tothat extent a greenhorn? It he could find his way out and successfully dodge his nureners, was it likely that a seasoned adventurer snbch as Renshaw would fare any worse? So on the latter's account theyfelt but small anxiety. Not so ]lasrimn, however. A terrible a oseio had taken-,bape within her amind during Sellon's narrative. "He has murdered him," she repeated to herself during a night of sleepless agony-such as a etrong concentrative nature will e0metimee be called upon to undergo. But she kept her suanspicions to herself-for the present at any rate. Sits was helpless. What could she do? There was nothing to go upon. Then, on the morrow, Sellon took his de parture as he had announced his intention of doing, and the equanimity with which the circumstance was regarded by Violet, together with their indifferent demeanor towards each other on the previous evening, completely lulled any esuspicions which might have lingeredin Christopher Selwood's mind; confirming as i did the other's frank and straightforward explanation. For his wife had not yet told him all that had tranepired between herself and Violet. CHAPTER XXXVIl.-Fmoi tae DARn It was a weird picture. The grey rocks jutting fo'th into the evening stillness s, the spotted, creeping beast, iabhering iteelf to gether for its deadly spring; the man, weakened, helpless, lyin. there at its mercy. Even then, so strange are the fantasies- that cross the human.brain at the most critical momenta-even then, with a kind of grim haonis it lashed upon Itenshaw Fanning how thoroughly the positions were reversed. Many a time had the spotted pard fallen a victim to his sure aim; now ithad devolved opon ens of the feline race to give him his dealh stroke. With bitred fadgs and snarling throat, the brute once more gathered itself to. :spring. But instead of hurling itself upon the prey before it, it uttered a yell of pain, and whisking half round seemed to be enapping at ies own side. Its tail lashed convulsively, and a frightful roar escaped from its furry chest. There was a faint twanging sound beneath, and again something strunk it, this time fairtin the eye. Snarling hideously, the great beast reared itself up against the cliff, beating the air wildly with its formid able paws. Then its mighty bulk swayed, toppled over and fell crashing to the ground beneath. Thoroughly rounsed now, Renshaw peered cantiously over the ledge. But what he saw opened his eyes to the fact that this oppor tune, this unlooked-for deliverance,was more apparent than real. In escaping from one peril he had only fallen into another. The huge cat was rolling and writhing in the throes of death. Its slayer, an under sized, hnrvelled barbarian, was approaching it cautiously-a naked Korsana, armed with bows andarrows and spear. But cautiously as Renahaw had peeped forth, the keen glance of the savage had seen him. Their eyes had met. He lay still, thinkinw over this last, this desperate chance. He was unarmed practically that is-for although he had a knife it was not likely the enemy would come to such close quarters as to admit of its use. The latter with his how and arrows would have him at the most perfect disadvantage. He sould climb up to the ledge and finish him off at his leisure. For some minutes Renshaw lay still as death. Not a sonnd broke the silence, not a voioe, not a foofall. Perhape, ater all,-he had been mistaken, and the Koanna lhad not seen him. Or, more likely, the savage had started off to call upno his companions, who probably were not far dietant. Was it worth while utilising his chances so far as to make one momre effort to save his life, to strive to gain some other place of concealment before the whole horde came up? But just then a sound reached his ear-a faint, stealthy rasping. The Korannh was already climbming up to the ledge. The mysterous shuffling continued. A atone, loosened by the climber, fell clattering down the rocks. Then there was silence once more-and A wrinkled, parchment.hned countenance reared itself up, peering round the elbow of the cliff. The yellow eyes stared a wild beast-like gleam, the black wool and protrud ing ears looking fiend-like in the- falling darkness. His hour had come. Moment arily he expected to receive the fatal shaft. But it came not. After the head followed the squat, ungainly body, standing upright on the ledge, the ainewy, ape-like hand, grasping its primitive, but fatal, armament the bow and arrows and the spear. Bat the how was not bent, no arrow was fitted to the string. SAllamaghtag I Myn lieve Bass l" (Almighty ! My dear master?) Renshaw esat upright and stared at the speaker, and well he might. Was he dream ing ! The old familiar Dutch colloquial ism-the voice! The squalid, forbidding-lookiogsavage ad vanced, his puckered face transformed with concern. Renshaw stared, and stared again. And then he recognised the familiar, if unprepossessing, lineaments of his default inug retainer-old Dirsk. The old Koranna rushed forward and knelt down at his master's side, pouring forth a voluble torrent of questions in the Boer dialect. How had he come there? Who had dared to attack him? Those sehelm Boejeamenchen 1 (Rascally Bushmen). He would declare war against the whole race of them. He would shoot them all. And so on, and so on. But, amid all his chatter, the faithful old fellow, having dis covered where the wound was, had promptly ripped off Renshaw's boot. Yes, there it was-the poisoned puncture of the Bushman arrow-livid and swollen. For a moment Dirk contemplated it. Then he bent down and examined it more atten tively, probing .it cingerly with his finger. The result seemed to satisfy him. "Nay, what, Baasjo"- (Lit: "little master," a term of qndearment)-"you will not die this time. The thick leathesot the boot has taken off nearly all the poison, and the running you have had s(noe has done the rest. Still, it was a near thing-a near thing. 'Maghtasg - if the arrow had pierced you anywhere but through the boot, yenou would have been a dead man long since. Not this time-not this time." "And the tiger, Dirk?" said Renshaw, with a faint amile. "You are indeed a mighty hunter." For be remembered how often be had chaffed the old Korauna on his much vaunted prowess as a hunter, little thinking in what stead it should eventually standhimself. "The tiger? Ja, Base. I will just go down and take off his skin before it gets pitch dark. Lie you here and sleep. You are quite safeats now, Baas, quite safe. You will not die this time-'Mathtsag, no I" So poor Renshaw sank bsokin a profound alumber, for he was thoroughly easausted. And all through the hours of darkness, while the wild denizens of the waste bayed and howled among the grim and lonely mountains, the little weazened old yellow man crouched there watching beside him on that rocky ledge faithfully, so lovingly. His oomrsde-the waite man-his friend and equal -had deserted him- had left him alone in that desert waste to die, and this runaway servant of his-the degraded and heathen savage clung to htm in his extremity, watched by his side ready to defend him if necessary at the cost of his own life. (TO DE CONTINUED.) 