SONS OF FIRE. BY MISS BRADDON. Author of "Lady Audley's Secret," "The Fatal Three," "The Day will Come," "The Doctor's Wife," "Thou art the Man," &c.; CHAPTER XXV. "if she be not fair to sie." Geoffrey Wornock went back to Disoombe, and his mother read failure and mortification in his gloomy countenance; but he vouchsafed no confidence. He was not snllen or unkind. He lived ; and that was about as much as could be said of him. The fiddles, which were to him as cherished friends, lay mate in their cases. He seemed to regard that spacious music-room, with ita lofty ceiling and noble capacity for sound, as the captive lion regards his cage—a plaoe in whioh to roam about and to pace to and fro, restless, miserable, unsatisfied. He did not complain, and bis mother dared not attempt to console. Once she pressed his hand and whispered "Patience," but he only shook his head fretfully and walked out of the room. ''Patience 1 , yes," he muttered to himself. " I could be patient, as patient as Jacob when he waited for Rachel—if I were sure she loved me. But I have begun to doubt even that. Ob, if she knew what love meant she would have rushed into my arms. She would have Bwooned upon my breast in the shock of that meeting; but she sat prim and quiet, only a little pale and tearful, while I was shaken by the tempest of pa»sion. She is oapable of no more than a schoolgirl's love; and she had hardly decided whether that feeble flame burns for me or for Allan." And then be began to preaoh to himself the sermon which almost every slighted swain has preached since the world began. What was this woman that he should die of heartache for her? Was she so mnoh fairer than other women whom he might have for the wooing ? No, again and again, no. He oould oonjure fairer faces out of the past — faces he had gazed at and praised, and which had left him cold. She was not as handsome as Miss Simpson, at Simla, last year — that Miss Simpson who had thrown herself at bis bead —or as Miss Brown, at ISiaini Tal, General Brown's daughter, who looked like a houri, and who waltzed like a thing of air, imparting buoyancy and grace to thelumpiest ot partners. He had not cared a straw for Miss Brown, though the General had hinted to him in the after- dinner freedom of the messroom, that Miss Brown had an- exalted opinion of him. No, he had cared for neither of these girls, though either might have been his for the asking. Perhaps that was why he did not oare. He was madly in love with Suzette, whom he had known only as another man'* betrothed. Suzette represented the unattain' able; and for Suzette he could die. He hardly left tue bounds of Disoombe during those bright autumnal days. When the musio of tbe hounds was loud over field and down. He had dissevered himself from most of thefriendsof his manhood by leaving the army; and in Matcham be had only acquaintance. From these he kept scrupulously aloof. One Matcham person, however, he conld not escape. Mis. Mornington surprised bim in tbe music-room with his mother one afternoon, and instead of running away, as he would have done from any one else, be stayed and handed teacups with supreme amiability. He knew she would talk of Suzette. That was inevitable. She had scarcely settled Ubrself in a comfortable armchair when she began. *' Well, Mrs. Wornook, have you seen anything more of this niece of mine V Of course there oould be only one nieoe in question. " No, indeed. She has not come back from Bournemouth, has she?" '' Oh yeB, she has. She has come and gone. I made sure she would pay yon a visit. You and she were always so thiok. I believe she is fonder of yon than she is of me." Geoffrey began to walk about the room—as softly aB tbe parquetted floor would allow— listening intently. Eager as he was to hear, be oould not sit still while Suzette was being disoussed. Mrs. Wornook murmured a gentle nega tive. "Oh, but she is, you know. There is that." sad Mrs. Momington, pointing to tbe organ, "and that,*' pointing to the piano, " and yonr eon is a fiddler. Yon are music mad, all of you. Suzette took to practising five hoars a day. It was Ohopin, Rubenstein, Beethoven, and Mendelsohn aU day long. She looks upon me as an outsider because I don't appreciate classical muBic. I wonder ehe didn't ran over to see you." " Has ehe gone b&ok; to Bournemouth '." " Not she. My foolish brother took fright about her because she wae looking pale and worried when ehe oame home ; eo be whisked her off to London, took her to a doctor in Mayfair, who Baid Schwalbach; and to Schwalbach they are gone, and I believe, after a course of iron at Schwalbach — where they will meet-zio -civilised .beingB at this tims of year—they are to winter on the Riveira, and a pretty penny these whims and fancies wiH oost her father. I am glad I have no daughters. Poor Allan ! snob a fine, honest-hearted yonng man ! She ought to have thanked God for such a sweetheart. I dare say if he bad been a reprobate and a bankrupt, ehe would have offered to go through fire and water for him." Geoffrey walked out at the open window. She has gone. Heartless, selfish girl! Gone without a word of farewell, without a whisper of hope. Allan returned to Matcham a few days after Mrs. Mornington's appearance at Disoombe, and in spite of his dark doubts about Geoffrey, his first visit was to Mrs. Wornock. She was shocked at the change in him. He was pale and thin, and serious looking, and but for his grey-tweed suit, might hevo been mistaken for a London parson with a populous hungry parish. She talked to him about Xiady Emily and the farm. Had he been shooting? Were there many birds this year? She talked of the most frivoluos things in order to ward off painful subjects. But he himself spoke of Suzette. " She has gone away, I am told far tbe whole winter. Marsh House is shut up. I never knew what a bright home-like house it was till I saw it this morning with the shutters shut and the gates padlocked. There was note7en a dog to bark at me. She has gone far afield; but I am going a good deal farther." And then he told her with a certain excitement of bis meeting with Oecil Patrington and of bis departure for Zanzibar. " It was the luckiest thing in tbe world for me," he said. " I bad not the least idea what to do with myself, or where to go, to get out of myself. The little I have seen of the Continent rather bored me — picture gallery, oathedral, table-d'hote, a theatre, invariably shut up, a river, reported delightful when navigable, but not navigable at the time being. The eame thing and the same thing— not very interesting to a man who can't reckon the age of a cathedral to within a century or two—over and over again. But this will be new. this will mean excitement. I shall feel as if I were born again. Tbe wonder will be —tomysblf, at least—that I don't come home black." " And you think you will find consolation— in Africa?" " I hope to find forgetfulness '." Poor Allan ! Poor Geoffrey ! it is a hard thing that yon should both suffer." " Mr. Wornoak'a sufferings will soon be over, I take it. Rapture and not suffering will be the dominant in the scale of his life. He will have everything his own way when I am cone." "I don't think he will. He has not confided his secrets to me, but I believe he has offered himself to her sinoe her engagement wa% broken, and bas been rejected." "He will offer himself again and will be accepted. There are conventionalities to be observed. Mi'S Vinoent would cot like people to Bay that she tranferred beraffections from lover to lover with hardly a week's interval." '" I only know that my son is very unhappy, Allan." "So is a spoilt child when he can't have the moon. Your son will get the moon aU in -good time — only he will have to wait for it, and spoilt children don't like waiting." " How bitterly you speak of bim, Allan. I hope you are not going to be ill friends." ' Why should we be ill friends ? It is not his fault that she has thrown me over—at the eleventh hour. It is only his good fortune to be more attractive than I am. It was the contrast with his brillianoy that showed her raydulness. He has the magnetism which I have not—genius, perhaps, or at least the air and suggestion of agenius. One hardly knows what constitutes the real thing. I am one of the crowd. He has the marked individuality which fascinats or repelB." " And you will be friends still, Allan — my poor wilful son and you. He is like a ship without rudder now that he has left tbe army. He has no intimate friends. He cannot rest long in one place. I never wanted him to steel your sweetheart, Allan. I am sure you know that. But I should be very glad to see him married." " You will see hin. married before lone —and to the lady who was once my sweetheart. " Mrs. Wornock shook her head; and the argument was closed by the appearanoe of Geoffrey himself, who came sauntering' in from the garden with his favourite Clumber spaniel at hiB heels. " Been shooting':" Allan aBked aB they shook hands. There was a certain aloofness in their greeting, but nothing churlish or sullen in the manner of either. On Geoffrey's side there was only listleieness ; on Allan's grave reserve. "Nu. I look at my dogs every day. The keepers do the rest." i '' You are not fond of shooting • ' "Not particularly—not of oreeping about a copse on the lookout for a cook pheasant, still less do I love a hot corner !" Ho seated himself on the benoh by the organ and began to turn over a pile of music idly, vaoantly almoet, not as if he were looking for anything in particular. Allen rose to go, and Mrs. Wornock followed him to the corridor. "Does he not look wretched? And wretchedly ill ?" she asked appealinglv: her own unhappiness visible in every line of her faoe. "He is certainly changed for the worse since I saw him last. That was a longish time ago, you may remember. He looks hipped and worried. He should go away as I am going." "Not like you, Allan, to a savage country. I wish he would take me to Italy for the winter. We oould'move from place to plaoe. He oould chafege the scene as often as he liked." "I fear the mind would be the same, though earth end sky might change. Travelling upon beaten paths would only bore him. If be is unhappy aud you are unhappy about him, you had better let him come with Patrington and me." The offer was made on the impulse of the moment out of sympathy with the mother rather than out of regard for the son. "No, no, I could not bear to lose him again —so soon. What would iny life be like if you were both gone? I should lapse into the old lonelineBB—and solitude would bring baok tbe old dreams —the old vain longing." These last words were muramred brokenly in Belf-oommunion. Allan left her, and she went back to the music-room, where Geoffrey was paoing up and doirn with the spaniel watobing him. "What have you been saying to Carew, mother?" be asked. "Nothing of importanoe. Allan is going to Central Africa with a friend he met in Suffolk—a Mr. Patrington !" "A Mr. Patrington? I suppose you mean Cecil Patrington?" " Yes, that is the name CHAPTER XXVI. "i GO TO PROVE MY SOUL." Allan lost no time in makine his preparations. He ordered everything that Mr. Patrington told him to order, and in all things followed the advice of that experienced traveller, who consented to spend his last fortnight in England at Beechhurst, where his appearance excited considerable interest in the local mind. He allowed Allan to mount him, and went out with the South Sarum; and as he neither dressed, rode, nor looked like anybody else, he was the object of some ouriosity among those outeiflers who did not know bim as the famous Afrioan hunter, a man who had made himBelf a name casually while following the bent of his own fancy and caring nothing what his oonntrymen at home thought about him. Lady Emily was her son's guest dnring the last week, anxious to be with him till he sailed, to postpone the parting till the final day. She waB full of sorrow at the idea of a separation, which was to last for at least two years, and might extend to double that time if the climate and manner of life in Central Afrioa suited him. Stanley had taken nearly a year and a half coing and returning between Zanzibar and TJjiji, and Stanley had been a much quicker traveller than previous explorers. And Mr. Patrington talked of Ujiji as a starting-point for journeys to the north, and to tbe west, rambling explorations over less familiar regions, and anon a leisurely journey down to Nyassaland, the African Aroadia. His plans, if carried out, would oocupy five or six years. That sturdy traveller laughed at the mother's apprehensions. "My dear Lady Emily, you are under a delusion as to the remoteness of the great lakeoountry. Should your son grow homesick, something less than a three months' journey will bung him from the Tanganyika to the Thames. Sixty years ago it took longer to travel from Bombay to London than it does now to oome from the heart of Afrioa." The mother sighed and looked mournfully at ber eon. He was unhappy, and travel and adventure would perhaps afford the best oure for bis low spirits. She discussed the situation with Mrs. Mornington when that lady called upon her. "Your meoe has aoted very cruelly," she eaid. " My niece has acted like a fool. She has made two young men unhappyi and bas left herself out in the cold. I saw Geoffrey Wornock last week, and he was looking a perfect wreck." " Do yon think ehe oared for him ?" " The girl muBt care for Bomebody. Looking back now, I oan see that there was a change in her—a gradual change — after Geoffrey Wornock's return. It was very unfortunate. Either yonng man would have been aoapital match," added Mrs. Mornington, waxing praotical; "but she could not marry tbem both!" Lady Emily felt angry with Geoffrey as the cause of unhappiness, the indirect cause of th» ooming separation between berself and her eon. How happy she might have been had all gone smoothly. Allan wonld have settled at Beeohburst with his yonng wife; but they would have spent nearly half of every year in Suffolk. How happy her own life might have been with tbe eon she loved, and the girl whom ehe was ready to take to her heart as a daughter, but for this wilful cruelty on the part of Suzette. Lady Emily was Bitting in the Mandarinroom with ber son and his friend late in the evening, their last evening but one in England. To-morrow they were ali going to London together, and on the day after the travellers would embark on the "P. & O. steamer for Zanzibar. The night was wet and windy, and a large wood fire burnt on tbe ample hearth. Lady Emily had her embroidered coverlet spread over her lap and her worktable drawn conveniently near her elbow, in the light of a shaded lamp, while the two men eat in front of the fire. The room looked the picture of comfort, the men oompanionable, content, and homely, and the toother's heart sank at the thought that years must pass before snch an evening could repeat itself, and before her poor Allan would be sitting in so oomfortable a chair. It was not without regret that her son had contemplated the idea of their sepa ration, or of hia mother', solitary home when he should be gone. He had talked with her of the coming years, suggested the nieces or girl-friends whom she might invite to enliven the slmnberouB house and to enjoy Ahe beauty of those fertile gardens and level parklike meadows that stretched to the edge of the river. " Yon have troops of friends, mother, and you will have plenty of occupation with your farm, and sovereign power over the whole estate. Drake"—tbe bailiff—"will have to consult you about everything." "Yes, there will be much to be looked at and thought about; but I shall miss you every hour of my life, Allan." " Not as much as if I bad been living at home." "Every bit as sraoh. I was quite happy thinking of you here. How oan I be happy when I picture you toiling alone in the desert under a broiling eon—no water—even the camels dropping and dying under their burdens." " Dear mother, be happy as to the oamels. We shall not be in the camelcountry. We shall see very little of eandy deserts. Shadowy wood, fertile valleys, the margins of great lakeB will be our portion." " And you will drink the water—whioh is sure to be unwholesome—and you will get fever." Allan did not tell his mother that fever was inevitable, a phase of Afrioan life which every traveller must reckon with. He represented African travel as a perpetual holiday in a land of infinite beauty. " Would Patrington go back there if it were not a delightful lilo?' 1 he argued. "He has not to get bis living there, as the poor fellows have who grill and bake themselves for half a lifetime in India. He goes beoause he loves the life." "He goea to shoot big game. He is a horrid, bloodthirsty creature." Little by little, however. Lady Emily had allowed herself to be persuaded that Central Africa was not ao hideous a region as she had supposed. She was told there were bitB of country like Suffolk, a home like Aroadia, on the shores of Nyassa, which would remind her of her own farm. " Then why not make that distriot your headquarters?" she argued, appealing toPatington. We shall have no headquarters. We shall wander from one interesting Bpot to another. We shall eettle down only in the Masika Beaaon, when travelling is out of the question —not so much because it couldn't be done as because the blackies won't do it. They are uncommonly careful of themselves; won't budge in the rains, won't take a oanoe on the lake if there's a bit of a swell on." " I am glad of that," sighed Lady Emily, with an air of relief. "lam very glad that the negroes are prudent and careful. " "A deuced deal tooprudent, my dear Lady Emily." The men were sitting at a table looking at a map, one of Patrington'e own rough maps, scrawled and splotched with a blunt quill pen. He was showing Allan where more scientific mapmakers bad gone wrong. "Here's the Lualaba, you see, and here's tbe little wood where we camp—I seldom uea a tent if I can help it, but there wasn't a village within ten miles cf that spot." The door was opened and a servant announced— " Mr. Wornock." Allan started up as Geoffrey entered. It was half-past 10—Matcham bedtime. "You have come to bid us goo_d-by," Allan said, recovering his self-possession aB tbey shook bande. " Thie is very kind and friendly of you." -. I have eorr.o to do nothing of the kind. I u-aat to join your party, if you and your friend will have me." He spoke in his lightest tone, but he was looking worn and ill, and there were all the signs of sleeplessness in his haggard face. " I know it's the eleventh hour," he said, " but I heard you say," looking from Allan to Patrington, "that your important preparations have to be made at Zanzibar, where you buy most of the things you want. I—I only made up my mind this evening, after dinner. There is nothing for me to do in England. I get so tired of things" "And your mother?" hazarded Allan, feebly. " My mother is accustomed to doing without me. I believe I only worry her when I am at home. Will you take me, Carew? YeB, or no ?" " Why, of course it is yes, Mr. Wornook," exclaimed Lady Emily, coming from the other end of the room, where Bhe had been folding up her work for the night. " Allan, why don't you introduce Mr. Wornock to me?" ^ She was radiant, oharmed at the idea of a third traveller, and such a traveller as th« Squire of Discombe. It seemed to lessen the peril of the expedition that this other man should want to go, should offer himself thus lightly on the eve of departure. She shook hands with Geoffrey in the friendliest way, looking at the wan, worn face with keen interest. Like Allan? Yes, he was like, but not so good-looking. Hia features were too sharply cut; his hollow cheeks and sunken eyes made bim look ever so much older than Allan, thought the mother. "Of course they will take you," she said, looking from one to the other. " It will make the expedition ever bo much pleasanter for them both. They will feel lesB lonely." "I ain't afraid oL loneliness," growled Pattington; "but if Mr. Wornook really wishes to go with us, and will fall into our plans, and not want to make alterations and upset onr route now and again, I'm agreeable. It isn't always easy for three men to get on smoothly, you see. Even two don't always hit it—Burton and Speke, for instance. There were bothers." "You shall be my chief and captain," protested Geoffrey, "and if youfehonld tire of me—well, I oan always wander off on own hook, you know. I conld start by myself, now, take my chance and trust to native guides, ohoose another line of country where I couldn't molest yon" "Molest! My dear Wornock, if yon are really in earnest, really inolined to join us as a pleasant thing to do, and not a'caprice of the moment, I shall be glad to have you, and I think Patrington will have no objection," said Allan, hastily. "Not the slightest. I only want unity of purpose. Yon don't look in the best possible health," added Patrington, bluntly.; "but you can rough it, I suppose." "Yes; I'm not afraid of hardships." " I should like to have a few words with you before anything is settled, if you will take a turn on the terrace,"eaid Allan, and on Geoffrey assenting, he went over to the glassdoor, and led the way to the gravel walk outside. The rain was over, and the moon was shining out of a ragged mass of cloud. " Why do you leave this plaoe, now, when you are master of tbe situation ?" Allan asked abruptly, when he and Geoffrey had walked a few paces. " 1 am not master, no more titan a beaten hound is master. I have mastered nothing, not even the lukewarm regard which she still professes for you. She has thrown you bver, but I am not to be the gainer. I went to her directly I knew ehe was free. I offered myself to her, an adoring slave. But ahe would have none of me. She did not love you enough to' be yonr wife ; but for me ehe had only contempt, oruel words, mocking laughter, that out me like a bunch of eoorpions. I am frank with you, Carew. If I bad a ghost of a cbanoe I wonld follow her to Sohwalbaob, to the Riviera, all ronnd this globe on which we crawl and suffer. Distanoe should not divide ns. But I am too xnnch of a man to pursue woman who eoornB me. I want to forget her; I mean to forget ber ; and I think I might have a ohance if I went with you and yonr chum yonder. I should like to go with you, unless you dislike me too muoh to be happy in my company." "Dislike you! No, indeed Idonot." "I'm glad of that. My mother is very fond of you. Yon have been to her almost a son. It will oomfort her to think that we are together, together in danger and difficulty, and if one of us should not oome baok" ' "Nonsense, Wornock. Of oodrse we are coming back. Look at Patrington" "Ah, but he has been a solitary traveller. When two go there is always one wbo stays." "If you think that, yon had much better stop at home." "No, no. i'he risk- is the best part of the bnEiness to a man of my temper. It's the tOBS up that I like. Heads, a eafe return ; tails, death in the wilderness—death by niggers, wild beasts, flood, or fire. I go with my life in my hand, aB the oatoh phrase of the day has it; and if there were no hazards, no danger— well, one might as well stay at home, or polo at Simla. Allan, we have been rivals, but not enemies. Shall we bB brothers henceforward?" " Yes, friends and brothers, if you will?" They went back to the Mandarin-room, and when Lady Emily had bidden them good nigh}, the three men lit op pipes and cigars, and talked about that wonder-world of tropioal Afrioa, and what they were to do there, till the night grew late, and the Manor groom, dozing on the settle by the Baddle-room fire after a hearty supper of beef and beer, questioned querulously whether his guv'nor meant to go home before daylight. 