THE RAILWAY ENQUIRY BOARD. It is not known exactly what the Government hope to achieve by appoint- ing a board of inquiry. But from present appearances it looks as if the heaving of the mountains is about to result in the proverbial mouse. During the last general election, and subse- quently in the House, much was made of the necessity for a thorough over- haul of the department, and a commission was to be appointed. Hon. members who are singularly predisposed to commissions, had an idea that it was to be a Parliamentary commission. The Government, however, intended that it should be compounded of railway experts and business men. When this intention was made known in the House, there was display of ill-feel- ing on the parts of the above mentioned hon. members who felt themselves slighted, or that they were losing some- thing owing to the seats on the com- mission not being reserved, for them- selves. They argued that it was very wrong for the Government to be going outside making up a commission of enquiry, when there word so many old and experienced commissioners inside the House. Then the Government found that they could not appoint the formidable commissionwhich they were evidently planning. They could not get railway experts in the colony capable of sitting in judgement on the experts who have been or are at present in the employ of the department. Of men of business there was a large offer- ing, but were not of the right sort. Eligible ones were afraid of being caught up between the pounding stones of the two Melbourne morning papers and abused or praised according as the manufacture of party politician capital required. It was then resolved to appoint a commission of three, with Judge as chairman, and Messrs Whitely and Cain as his assistants. His Honor is perfectly capable of weighing any evidence that may be tendered, and which he may understand, but technicali- ties will be introduced into the enquiry which a man not reared to railway life could not possibly fully understand. Of Messrs Whitely and Cain the public know very little. No doubt they are very fair business men, but they know nothing of railway matters, and unlike Judge Casey, have had no experience in the weighing and sifting of evidence. Such is the board of enquiry. It cannot be said to be a very formidable one as regards members, though that is not a defect, as it will cost leas. At first it was understood that the proceedings of the board were to be open to the press and through the press to the public of the colony. But owing to representations made by the Board to the Premier the enquiry is to be a secret one. It is believed that the board are under the impression that there are witnesses who will give valuable evidence if the proceedings are in camera but will not do so if the reporters are present. What, how- ever, should honest witnesses have to fear? If they are afraid to say in public what they have to say then they are not much better than informers, and their testimony should be taken with great caution. It is a great mistake that the star chamber element should be introduced into this enquiry. The railways belong to the people. They are dissatisfied with them as they are being run at a loss of £400,000 per annum. There is to be an investigation into the causes and naturally the owners would like to learn how it is that the railways are not more success- fully managed. The recommendations of the board of enquiry will be little weight in the estimation of Parliament and public, because it will not be known on what evidence they were based, whether it was on honest disinterested evidence or on that of persons whose object is to have their goods carried at nominal rates, leaving the general community to tax itself to make up for the loss thereon. However, we do not think that anything serious is expected from the board of enquiry. It is a free, easy and accessible way of laying for a season the troublesome ghost of the Railway department's de- ficits. It will be highly convenient during the coming session when the Government are questioned about any matters relating to that department, to state that the board are giving it their most earnest attention. The board will serve the purpose of a buffer between Ministers and hon. members. If that is not one of the chief reasons why it was appointed, and as they are to sit in private like an ordi- nary departmental board, why could not the investigation be undertaken by the three Acting-Commissioners? ECHUCA, Melbourne, and other items will be found on our first page this morning. FOURTH PAGE. —The following additional reading matter will bo found on our fourth page this morning:—Mining News and Notes, Friendly Societies. OUR SUPPLEMENT to-day contains con- tinuation of the serial tale, "Shrouded in Mystery," "At the Beehive," by Mosquito; Sporting Notes, by "Cooee;" Ladies Column, and a variety of miscellaneous matter. TO- DAY'S EVENTS.—Huntly Police Court, 10 a.m.; Horticultural Improvement Society, Town Hall, 3.30 p.m.; Enginedrivers, Temple Court Hotel, 8 p.m.; "Judge Not," Theatre. RELIGIOUS SERVICES will be celebrated to- morrow in the various churches as advertised. FORFEITED SHARES in the Great Ex- tended Hercules, South Catherine, New Comet, Crown Prince of Wales and Excelsior Red, White and Blue Companies will be sold by auction to-day. CITY COUNCIL. — The committee of the whole council was to have met yesterday, but as there was no business of importance the meeting was allowed to lapse. SALE OF PROPERTIES.—Messrs R. O'Neill and Co. yesterday afternoon at the Victoria Hotel held an extensive sale of city proper- ties, country lands and shares in the estate of the late Mr Patrick Hayes. There was a very large attendance and the bidding throughout was brisk. Most of the properties realised satisfactory prices, but for one or two lots a bid was not obtained at all. The following is a list of the prices obtained and the name of the purchasers:—Lot 1, weatherboard house, near the corner of McCrae and Baxter streets, Mrs Meagher, Emu Point, £300; lot 2, brick building used as cordial factory by Hunter Bros., in McCrae street, Hunter Bros., £395; lot 3, passed in for private sale; lot 4, weatherboard cottage, Bridge street, Mr T. J. Dwyer, £280; lot 5, weatherboard cottage at the rear of lot 4, Mr T. J. Dwyer, £160; lot 6, weatherboard cottage facing Joseph street, Mr L. Carroll, £85; lot 7, 320 acres parish of Minoha West, close to Pyramid Hill railway station, and known as McMillin's farm, passed in; lot 8. 98a 1r 10p, parish of Axedale, formerly occupied by James White, passed in. 500 shares in L. McPherson, Sternberg and Co., Limited, were passed in. Mr Milroy bought 300 shares in United Aus- tralian Mutual Fire Insurance Co at 8d, and Mr Watson 250 shares in the Cohn Bros.' Brewery Co. at 9s 6d, which is a slight improvement on recent quotations. The sale realised £1348 15s. At the conclusion Mr O'Neill announced that the remainder of the properties in the estate, including the grocery store and business in Bridge street and the store at Goornong, would be sold by auction in May next. Messrs O’Neill and Co. also offered a quarter acre of land at the corner of Calvin and Mundy street, on which is erected a threoe-roomed weatherboard cottage, but no satisfactory offer was received. City Police Court.—The mayor (Cr Heinz) and Mr Webb, Js.P., attended yes- terday morning. Verdicts for the amounts sued for were given in the following debt cases:—F. Davey and Co. v W. Tippett junr., £3 10s 6d, with 15s 6d costs; same v Miss Kelly, £1 17s 11d; W. J. Llanelly v Christian Christensen, £7 18s 7d, verdict with 15s 6d costs. Several other debt cases were ad- journed. A decrepid looking old man named James Sullivan was charged on remand with vagrancy. Sergeant Kilfedder staled that ho had made an effort to get the old man ad- mitted to the Benevolent Asylum, but there was no vacancy. He, however, was a little doubtful even if a vacancy did occur that the man would be admitted. He had been in the Asylum before, but would not stay there. He would ask that a short sentence be imposed, in order that the police might in the meantime again make an effort to get him admitted. Constable Black gave evidence as to the arrest. Numerous complaints bad been made to him about the defendant’s behaviour. His mind appeared to be slightly deranged, and he acted as if silly. When questioned by the bench why he would not stay nit the asylum he said that he did enough to eat. He was sentenced to a month's imprisonment. A New York Publishing Firm.—We have received from the Excelsior Publishing House, New York, four neatly bound and nicely finished books. One is entitled "Speed Secret." It furnishes the reader with a system by which the publisher's assert he can obtain a marvellous speed in shorthand writing. The book also contains some interesting as well as instructive information regarding the art of shorthand. Another is "Brown’s Business Correspondence and Manual of Dictation." In this there is some exceedingly useful matter, especially designed for "the use of teachers and students of stenography and typewriting." "The Tuxedo Reciter" is another of the books. It is a repository of original and selected reci- tations and readings, contemporaneous and otherwise and is compiled by byFrank McHale. The book is well worth perusal. A neat pocket dictionary is amongst the number. It is certainly a most compact little volume, and should prove very handy. It has what is perhaps an innovation—an index. Immediately on ing at the book one is enabled to ,sob yid letter required, and without further loss of timeo turn it up. The last book is one called "Payne's Practical Penmanship and Type- writing." It illustrates how an easy, rapid, and practical style of penmanship may be acquired, giving pictorial illustrations as to how the pen should be held, and what posi- tion the writer should adopt. MRS PRESS, president of the Victorian W.C.T.U., who is now on a tour through the colony visiting the country branches of the Union, will stop at Bendigo on her homeward journey to Melbourne. On Tuesday evening she will give an address at the Women’s Franchise Meeting. Next day she will be present at the anniversary meeting of the Bendigo Y’s. On Wednesday after- noon she will address a united gather ing of all the branches of the Tem- perance Hall, when Band of Hope chil- dren will take part in proceedings. The public are cordially invited to attend and a pleasant afternoon is anticipated. Mrs Press in a forcible and interesting speaker. In the evening she will give a special address to the young women of the Union. The Y’s will, give the musical part of the programme. Bendigo people should not miss this oppor- tunity of hearing her. SIR BRYAN O'LOGHLEN AT CARLTON SOUTH. —Sir Bryan O’Loghlen’s address to the electors of Carlton South, on Thursday night can scarcely (remarks the Argus) be described as a success. Perched on a table in the centre of a very large hall, which was well filled, he very soon shouted himself hoarse, and thenceforth his political views could only be heard by those in the first and second rows immediately in front, the persons composing which engaged in a hot discussion on them as they were uttered. "The country must be lifted out of its stagnation," said Sir Bryan. Front row: "Why didn’t the Patterson Go- vernment do it?" Second row: "Shut your potato trap and give the man a show." Front row: "What has he had but a show all his life, and what has he got to show for it." So the triangular discussion proceeded, whilst from all parts of the hall came a very babble of sound, varied by cheers or boo-hoos. Sir Bryan O’Loghlen persevered for half an hour, and then sat down voiceless and breathless, but with his constant placidity unruffled and his confidence unabated. Mr Reginald L. Thompson, estate agent, Sir Bryan O’Loghlen, and Mr J. G. Barrett, secretary of the Trades Hall Council were nominated for the seat. The election takes place on the 15th inst. THE TANTANOOLA TIGER is not quite dead and buried yet. Yesterday a resident of Axe Creek avers that he saw the "tiger" out there, and that it was feasting on the carrion car- case of a horse. This shows that the animal has resumed somewhat of its carnivorous habits, as when discovered at Barringhup a few days ago it was an innocent grami- nivorous beast in the form of a yellow steer, with a chain round its neck. In any case no respectably bred tiger would soil its mouth with carrion, as this one is alleged to have done, when choice live prey is to be found in any of the paddocks. SON'S OF TEMPERANCE.—The annual ses- sion of the national division of the Sons of Temperance, which has jurisdiction over the grand division of Victoria, South Australia, and West Australia, has been held at Geelong. An important change was made in the rules for the adult divisions, providing that mem- bers in distressed circumstances may be granted leave of absence for terms not ex- ccoding throe months at a time during which they will be relieved of the necessity of continuing their payments, though debarred from drawing benefits from the order. The alteration was adopted so that members in straitened circumstances may not be lost to the society through being ubfinancial. The election of officers resulted as follows:—Most Worthy Patriarch, Brother R. James, Dayles- ford; Most Worthy Associate, Brother J. C. Nankervis, Preston; Most Worthy Chaplain, Brother C. B. Lugton, Melbourne; Most Worthy Conductor, Bro R. Oke; M. W. Sentinel, Brother J. W. Murch, Bendigo; treasurer, Brother W. W. Bradley; general secretary, Brother G. P. Dominey; auditors, Brothers Wheeler and Reynolds. It was decided that the next annual session of the National division be hold at Bendigo in March next. DISTRIBUTION OF ST. ALBAN'S ESTATE.— Mr G. Adams (Tattersall’s) is conducting a grand distribution of Mr W. R. Wilson’s St Alban’s estate, Geelong. The estate is a most valuable one, and in 1890 it was sold to Mr Wilson for £70,000 cash. Since then blood stock to the value of £32,000 has been added to the stock originally purchased, so that now included in the distribution is some of the best racing blood in Australia. There are the famous racers Carnage, Havoc, Steadfast, Trentham and several others; 45 brood mares, the celebrated sires, Trenton, Eridspord (imported), Robinson Crusoe, Strathmore, and Bill of Portland, besides numbers of dry mares, colts, yearlings and foals. The estate itself consists of 842 acres, on which is erected a brick house of 30 rooms, with numerous other buildings. 126,000 tickets at £1 each are to be issued, and the prizes will number 130. All overflow money received will he placed in the £l00,000 sweep on the next Melbourne Cup. Further particulars are advertised. ST PATRICK'S DAY CELEBRATION.—The acceptances for the various events closed last evening, and judging from the number a good day’s sport is assured. The cycling events promise to be very interesting, several well known Melbourne cyclists having accepted. Tim usual procession will leave St Kl’ian’s Ball about 11 30 a.m., parading tbo principal streets on'its way to the ground. " ' •Mr Justus Anciwin, (bo veteran Dnylos- mining msnngor, is dead from senile decay-, rged 76. During bis life several tons 6f gold passed through his hands on cleaning ,up days. ; . i ' , : Appreciation .of Heroism.— Tbo Bible Christian conference, which has boon hitting ut Ballarat during the work, unanimously pissed a resolution testifying to its groat appreciation of .the heroism diiphyod by Mr J. M. Tonkin, of California Gully. A 120/, Nuogkt.—A lucky find was made on Wednesday last at a little rush on Hip Eddington road (says the Dunolly Express), Messrs Smith and party getting a nugget weighing over 12oz, besides fine gold. This party bas been getting payoblo gold for some time. “ Mclntyre’s is tho narao.of a comedy just 'put on tbo board of tbo Princess Theatre, Melbourne. It has nothing to do, bowovor, with the Sir John of that ilk, either politically or socially. ■ The current number of' tbo'“Review of Reviews” is to band. It is largely occupied with cricket and cricketers. Deaths in the Hospital.— Annie John* son, aged 43, admitted January 9, died yester day from phthisis, and John Hough, aged 16, admitted February 12, died on Thursday from enteric fever. The Weather.— Tho readings at Mr Crod gington’s yesterday were': Thermometer, 9 a.m., 64°.; 12 noon, 74°. ; 3 p.m., 77°. ; 6 p.m., 69°. ; max, 79®. ; min, 54°. Baro meter, '9-a.m., 29-84; 6 p.m., 29-80. Tenders arc invited for the conveyance of newspapers for 12 mouths from tbo Bendigo In dependent office to Long Qully, California; Gully, Baglebawk, Myor’s Flat and Sydney Flat, Teodors close on,Tu sday next. The Daphne Quadrille Clab bold their fi st 1 social at tho A.N.A, Hall on Tuesday night. Messrs. R. O’Neill and Go. will sell to-day at the Courthouse Hotel the booths and privileges' for tbo East Shelbourno sports on April 3rd. To-morrow evening iu St Andrew’s Church' tho Rev. A. 8. C. James will preach on “ A Lesson from Popular Games.” Tho anniversary of tho United Methodist Sunday School, Calvin street, will be hold to-morrow. The services will be conducted by the Revs. O. j Tregear, W. J. Bray, and J. Wostacobt. There 1 will be special singing, dialogues, and recitations on Sunday asd M-mdoy. 1 ; - ; The Bendigo Total Abstinence Society hold an j entertainment in the Temper mce Ball on Tuesday night. ' | Mess's F. and B. Stilwell advertise that they' ■ opened their new ironmongery shop in Hargreaves street, opposite tho Arcade.. They invite inspection of their new stock. Messrs G. H. Hobson and Co.-will sell ou Saturday next, at- , their 'auction rooms, some valuable'building allotments in Myrtle and Har graves streets. ; . ■ • > Mr. W. G. Bentley will sell on Friday, March 22, on the ground,, about two miles from the Mitmmo railway station, tho agricultural and grazing land at present in the occupation of.Mr. R. Bryant, together with f-urmlng implements, etc. On.Saturday, March 18, Mesirs. G H. Hobson and Cos, will sell, at the. Beehive Exchange at 4.30, the'freehold and leasehold property of the Little Chum 00, 1 " 