THE EXILE'S DAUGHTER. (NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.) BY JOSEPH HATTON. Author of "Cruel London," "Clytie," etcx, etc. .. ALL. RIGHTS RESERVED. CHAPTER VIII:— CUPID ON THE BANKS . OF THE STYX. Geoffrey, suddenly found himself In the presence of a massive rock, with a groy front that was wrinkled with time-worn furrows, but variegated with straggling Vegetation, and further adorned with flow- ers that waved gently to and fro In the glowing August air. The sky wa3 perfectly clear above, and against It, like a finishing decoration of the enormous rock, was a fringe of stunted trees In artistic outline. In the centre of this pile of limestone there spread out on either hand a stupen dous archway. It might have been the por tal of some wondrous temple that bad been dedicated to the gods In the days when such deities abounded. Or, to seek for a moro familiar similarity, it mlgbt have been tho western front of an ancient cathe dral, smitten with age and worn out of all semblance to any distinctive order of archi tecture. Again, to range the fancies of fiction. It might have been the cave of a Magician; for at the very entrance there were files of strange, uncanny looking poles— or "standards" as they are techni cally called — with cross-llko and angular beams, from which swung ropes with pen dants hanging from them, suggesting gib bets; not realistic gibbets, such as one re calls as land-marks In the criminal his tory of the country, but such as a witch or a wizard might have set up as the grue some ornaments of a dork and weird re treat. Geoffrey saw that these gallows-Uke erec tions were repeated right and left, run ning away Into shadow. There were also wooden guides for ropes, and twines, made strangely picturesque with Incidents of great twine drums, and wheels of smaller dimensions. Presently entering the cavern, he became one of a crowd of people; all busy except himself, no witches or magi cians, but simple rope-makers plying their trade; a most remarkable night, be thought, and impressive as It was remarkable. He observed that the factory was cut off from a higher nath bv nosts and rails: and In a corner on his right was a wooden hut, a roofed-in shinty, at the door of which stood his guide, Adser Blythe. Pausing to take in the general scene, he recognised the girl as Its leading figure. The very com position of her surroundings gave her tho foremost place in the foreground. She was the one tender bit of color; It would be no exaggeration to say that she was Indeed the one sweet bit of humanity In the picture. This Is no disparagement of the women and girls down below her in the ropery; for they no longer belonged to the scene In which Adser was the leading actress. They were cut off from the path to the inner cavern, and the light of the entrance fell upon her in a. slanting beam as a very deftly arranged shaft of limelight in a theatrical scene might have rested upon the heroine of a play. Adser Blythe was a young woman who would ' have challenged your attention wherever you might have seen her; hut here in this strange place she gave a femi nine touch to her grim environment that was peculiarly charming. Mr. Jerry Bray was quite right about her taste In dress, or her Instinct, one might better say, for the attire that suited her best, not alone In the matter of personal appearance, but as regarded the work she had to perform; for she was a person of many duties. She not only acted as guide to the cavern but was al ways the first to rise at the Lapidary's Cot tage, she made the fire, got breakfast ready and frequently took charge of the Museum, let alone having to take miscellaneous les sons from Zodack Bradford. On summer days she helped a friendly farmer in tho hayfield, was a good hand at wheat har vesting, though there was vory little corn growing in the' Peak; she had also occa sional fits of rambling about the hills, and would bring home trophies of all kinds, nuts, berries, flowers, and geological speci mens, some of which Zodack would polish for her and Immortalise. Now and then she would be away for many hours, and re turn homo through the cavern when they thought she had already left that myste rious country underground. Adser knew more about the Devil's Cave than all the historians, geologists, and mining engin eers put together; but at present that is her secret. On this August afternoon Geoffrey Lath- klll took especial note of her as she stood within the light near the keeper's liut. She was above the medium height of woman. Her head was bare of hat or bonnet. It was wall nnfscil ttnnn her almnlrtAra Mint were broad but sloping. Her hair was roughly bound up into a knot in lier neck. It was a dull red, and there was a crisp- iiess in it that betokened a tendency to curl. It was slightly parted In tho middle, and came down low upon an open though closely knit forehead. Her eyes were a deep blue, with drak brows and lashes, and her face had the paleness that is often seen with red liair, though tu her case it had none of the waxy appearance that goes with freckles. It was a genuine complexion, that many ladies in society endeavor to imitate with bismuth and other artificial washes. The girl's lips were ruddy and lier teeth white. Her mouth was a good- tempered' mouth. It laughed easily, was sensitive also'to a pitiful story, but with a certain firmness that might justly Inspire trust and confidence. Her chin was very different in contour from that of our friend Tregarron; 'it was broad, and at the same time round; not a prominent chin, such as certain modern painters of classic figures love to depict, but a lov able, " human, honest chin, belonging to a real womanly face, with a nose not too perfect, having the faintest suggestion of tho retrousse, and yet not without dig nity; one of those noses, in short, that women get old gracefully with, not too prying a nose, not tho nose that is eter nally poking Into other people's business; a nose that was perfectly in harmony with the frank, open, laughing face of one of tho loveliest creatures that Geoffrey Latli- klll thought he had over seen. Adser was dressed In a brown sergo bod- Ice and skirt, showing a neat pair of ankles, In . blue woollen stockings, and an equally neat pair of feet in strong tennis shoes. Her dress was slightly open at the neck, and she wore a soft white kerchief. Her waist was loosely clasped by a brown leather belt, fastened with a silver buckle, a present from Zodack Bradford, who had bought it from a dealer, who in his turn had bought it from an old woman, who had taken It from the clasps qf an old Bible. Geoffrey did not know this until later, but it Is just, as well to mention the fact In this place. The general effect of Adser on the not too susceptible male mind would be that of a fine, healthy, good- naturod, handsome girl; ami this was the effect on the mind of Geoffrey Lathkill on his first Introduction to her at the cottage, but here, in the Devil's Cavern, and with the music of God's faqtojy lu Ills cars, she seemed to him something strange and altogether un usual in lier beauty. He was artist enough to know that allowance had to be made for accessories; had ho not exhibited more than onco at the Academy, and was he not often seen at the Salon? But there was something so fine, so Innocent, so fearless, so noble. In tho expression of tho coun tenance generally that later In the day ho began to question himself concerning the sensations of what Is called lovo at first sight. It was as If ho was awakening from a dream wlion Adser said, "Now, sir, will you come? Have you anything you would like to leave In the office?" "Is this tho office?" asked Geoffrey, look ing Into the hut. "Yes, tho visitors' book's iu there, and visitors pay for admission, and Blgn their names, but Moster Muckletliorpe says you're hot to be charged, and lie's waiting for us yonder." . Sho pointed to the dark end of the rope- walk, where a small door was open, ami a light could he seen glimmering afar off. Geoffrey, a3 lie followed his guide, ob served that not only was she beautiful, but that her voice was not tho uneducated voice that had struck lilni as characteristic -of most of tho ordinary classes of the Peak poople. While she was not altogether with out a dialect, sho spolto with a good selec tion of words, aud she pronounced most of thera correctly. Tho breadth that she al lowed to her vowels, and her occasional use of thou and thee, seemed to add distinction to all she said. Considering that Geoffrey had conversed with women of all classes, colors, and na tions. ' It was odd that ho should travel into this humble corner of Derbyshire to find what to his mind was an Ideal beauty in tho guido to a show-eavorn, and the daughter of a drunken ropomakcr. Thrusting a lighted candle In his hand, tho nimble-footed guide tho next moment stood on a projection of rock above hlin, and oracularly announced that tills was "on o of the largest known caverns In tho world, extending upwards of two thousand two hundred feet Into the mountain, and dipping to six hundred below its summit, llio grand natural archway forming the en- trauee being forty-two feet high, and one hundred. and twenty wide." Guides, animate and inanimate, take de- light always In figures. Adser Blythe had learnt the lesson from her predecessor. The original story had come down from the most primitive guides to "the she native of the place," who led Thomas Hobbes,- of Malmesbury, through the cavern some two hundred' odd years ago. It Is not a little curious that In his day tho guide should have been a handsome girl, "Who with her stately foot and accent clear As guide emboldens us with many a cheer." Tradition and usage arc everything In the Peak. A girl was among the guides who piloted Queen Victoria through the cavern before her Majesty's marriage, and rowed her over the dark waters of the Derbyshire Styx while a brass band played "God Save the -Queen." It would Interest her Majesty In these latter days to hear her faithful subjects in the Peak tell strangers (ill about this great event; bow the Queen stooped with the rest under the dark sub terranean arch, and lay down like any other '.mortal while the boat wa3 pushed through the. tunnel into the semi-darkness beyond. < "Follow' me, please," said Adser Blythe, as she dashed ahead of the enraptured visi tor, to emergo. into the first spacious open ing of the cavern. "This," said. Adser, in her oracular man ner, "is called the Bell House; on the other side, of this spacious hall, and which we shall cross, Is a stream of water four teen feet" In width. This used to be tra versed In a boat. Visitors bad to He flat on tholr backs while It was rowed through. There was first a low arch to go under; you had to crawl through It; her Majesty Queon Victoria-' when she visited the Peak, inspected this cavern, and made the excur sion beneath the archway, and in the boat, over what Is called the River Styx. If you hold .your light down you can. see the remains of the. old boat In which the Queen was ferried." " Geoffrey lowered his guttering double candle and noted the decaying timbers of a punt. Turning "to make a remark, he saw his guide's light some distance ahead. Ho heard her say "be careful, bend your head," and when he had done so he was in another spacious opening, having a roof that was black with weird shadows. "This magnificent hall," said the guide, whose face was; illuminated by the light of a candle held above her head, "Is two hun dred and twenty feet in length, two hun dred broad, and a hundred and twenty feet high. The sound you hear is that of the river that takes its rise in this stupendous cavern, and is the chief water supply of Castleton. In wet and stormy weather it rises to a great height, completely filling the cavern and rendering It wholly Im- passable, leaving behind a deposit of mud, or lino sand, such as you will observe on either side of you embanked. It is this lino material that lapidaries use for their best work In polishing. This opening is called 'Tho Grand Saloon,' or 'Pluto's Hall,' and If you will put out your light and stand where you are for a minute, you shall see It Illuminated;" whereupon sho pursed her lips and whistled a signal to "Mester Muc- klethorpc," who was waiting in a well- chosen corner with a pan of blue fire. Before Geoffrey could pay Adser the com pliment that was on his Hps she had blown out her candle aud disappeared. Her voice, as it -commanded "put out your, light, please," sounding afar off, though it was only a few feet above him. When, .all of a sudden, the subterranean hall was Illuminated, Geoffrey saw a wild excavation, with natural steps here and there, and pieces of rock and stalactites in impressive confusion, and a broken roof that, appeared to have no end. The blue fire, with its Illuminated smoke, being ex tinguished, Adser was by his side. He did not know it uutll he heard her voice. "Lot mo light your candle, please," she said. She little dreamed to what extent she had lighted the candle of his imagination, and liow brightly It was burning, how it flashed up when she spoke, how entranced he was under the spell of lier voice in this strange subterranean world. "Oh, thank you," was all he could say at the moment, as Adser struck a common luclfer match aud relighted the two candles, which he carried like a cheap torch. "Follow me, please," she said. "I certainly will," he answered, "but wait one moment." ' "There Is no danger," sho Bald, "it is all plain sailing now." "But there is much danger," said Geoff rey, "where did you get that soft sweet voice?" Adser was aecustomed to compliments, aud from the moment that she had thought Geoffrey was quizzing her she had kept a cheek upon her words and manner, though she had been very careful in her pronun ciation — her elocution, as Zodack Bradford named It — on this special occasion, as much In honor of the Duke's letter as for the reason that she had an Instinctive desire to please the distinguished-looking -young fellow with whom at first she was inclined to gossip and chat In her most free-and- easy manner. Her only response to Geoff rey's question about her voice was her signal-whistle to Muckletliorpe, a little trill of a few notes, that went echoing through the' cavern like the cry of a bird. In re sponse, Geoffrey saw tiny lights appear one arter the other, like the laqips of a dim city, in zigzag fashion, one here another there: and then in rows, as you may see the gaslamps shimmer when the lamplight ers are busy In the wintry quarters of an old town. Adser went on with her tiny flame as If to join In this pretty twinkling of lamps, presently, however, to pause and announce the next feature of Interest. "This Is Roger Rain's house, so called from the continual dripping of water which you notice: but we will continue, please, you won't like to be kept standing In the wet." This last remark was made by way of apology, as she passed to the "Chancel" and "Orchestra." "Some folk call It the chancel only; and what they call the orchestra I call the choir. Glvo me your hand." Once more she was by his side, he hardly knew liow. and she was leading him to a point where he could best see the natural beauties of the place known as the Victoria Hall; and Adser liuew more about it and the strange place aud the strauge head ways and Incidents of the. upper sLrata of the rock than any other liviug soul. Many a search had been made by engineers, anti quarians, friends of Muckletliorpe and agents of the Dulto of Devonshire, to find the secret way that It was said had existed between the Castle of Peverll and the Devil's Hole; but none of thorn had pene trated to a point that Adser knew; and Muckletliorpe always declared that the men In armour Ip the old days would never have gone further than the rock -under which the Queen had been conducted, and out on the other side upon an underground river. Ad ser, by tho way, had forgotten to Inform Mr. Geoffrey Lathkill that the rock had been blasted for a pasage-way since the Queen's girlhood. The cave was too full of ghosts and devilries, Muckletliorpe argued, in the days when men fought In metal coats for any of Peveril's men to have persevered Into the furthest recesses of the Dovli's Hole, with the awful sound of underground rivers aud fiends' cauldrons ill tlielr ears. "They worked a way into the cavern!" he would say scornfully, "might as well say tliey took a bath In bottomless pit of Speedwell mine, where tho river out o'- Devil's Hole falls like ten thousand catterax, and Into which miners for years and years chucked their stuff, thousand o' tons, and not .made a jot o' difference." (To be continued.) 