| Original Novelette- | -THE- George Reel. [Art Australian Tale. [ALL RIOUTS lirsiiiiVED.] VII.—(CONTINUED.) BY PAUL TWYFORD. Mrs. Atlewell was none tlm worse, lie said, I fir her rather rough bath in the Nepean ; 1 as he could be of no further use he'd set. I way home, for he was tired. But as Miss I Enboy stoutly objected, he thought that be liul the fair- haired yonii^- wuu xni^rht pos- "filily amuse the'other it-k uiau, and themly'hes too. So preparations were made in I iiiaudy's room for a ' night of it'—that is, sfar as tis whisky, cigars, etc., would conduce to excite speech in those who talked I Dr. Moxharn -was a capital 'raconteur;' and having travelled a good deal, had some- I ilimjt to talk about; while he thoroughly en- I joyed Fred's plain, matter-of-fact yarns of fold field life. So the old ariuy surgeon and Fred whiled away the tediousness of lilandy's itakeful hours. Morning came, and while Fred slept, and Dr., Moxharn was on his way -home, Mit-s liobey aud her frieud visited the injured man. Miss lloboy saw that the visit was appreciated, and having installed Mrs. Atiew«l as nurse, qnietly withdrew, to give injtructiouis to her several male servants to take •upplies to the washed-out farmers all .-iroutid, no matter whose tenants they were. I As soon as Lily found herself alone with I Jack, she burst into tears ; and taking his ii,md in beis. kissed it. ' Foor Jack - and this all through me— aud I was not worthy of it. Twice you iiave saved my life, and on neither oecasiou Jid I know that 'twas you who held me in your arms. Forgive me, Jack, for the past — though, God knows, I repented before I reached home that evening- when we part- id at Panbonrne. Ton never wrote, and your father could never tell me your address. Dear Jack, say that you have forstfven ine.' ' Long ago; Lily dear; and my heart was b-eakiug when I saw you at Gantolong in widow's weeds; but you did not know me. I longed to make myself known—and was advised to do so by my friends—but I was poor, and you were possibly wealthy, and so the stubborn spirit got the better of me. If it be not asking too much, lay your head here, near mine, and kiss me.' She did so ; and asked him about his injuries. ' Now, Lily dear, tell me something of the past. I hare heard just a little If cm Morley, but I would like to hear more.' And there, in the old-fashioned colonial room with the windows . looking o-.it into the swollen river. Lily Attewell, witbher head nistinir on the pillow beside his, told the story of a sad ten years. "" The story embraced s variety of incidents, of bereaveroonts when death was busy, of reverses when fortune -was fickle, andefacoidentf when health was imperilled. She reached Sydney, worked fey" her living in neveral caponittes and become finally engaged as companion to Kate Robey. In Mr. RobeyVhouse «be became acquainted with Mr. Altewdl, ; a -widower; ; who had been twenty years following squatting-pursuits in "New South Wajtes/anil had. fpQud the. life lonely and wearisome, though more than oridinarily prosperous so far as money-making was contfirned. This Mr: jittewell Lily Snanied, with Kate as bridesmaid, and to Kate ai'lec jjio catastrophe which made bcr a widow, she returned. J aok had also experiences to recount; nor were Kate and Fred without a similarly interesting occupation; and so the time passed till Fred came in one day with. a sheet of paper in his hand and anxiety7&ad; indignation in his look. It was a telegram, and ran thus: ' Come at once. Claim jumped ; jumpers getting gold in new tunnel. " * BENHAM ' ' Kate, I must go at once. • Lend mo a good horse and I'll go across Richmond JBridge ; if the river, is low enough, and up over Bell's Line, I'm sure I'll-get there quicker that way. You see, K»to, it" is important^ both to Jack and myself—to all of us—that I should go. I am sorry indeed to leave you so abruptly. But you see how it is; you'll take care of Jack, I know. Don't let him hurry himself or worry about it. How is it with—' . ' Oh, that's all right,' interrupted Kate, stopping him before further reference was made to Lily. ' That's -well; and now I can go lighthearted.' ' What; and leave me behind ?' said Kate, •with a grimace. ' Yes dear, for I know that my return will be expected.' ; * You think so. "Well, take care of yourself for my sake, you know, for I don't want to lose you for another decade.' I'oor Fred was almost beside hiinself with love for the splendid creature; and us he left her to explain matters to Jack, his eyas were filled with tears. Mrs. Attewell followed him, while Kate gave orders about a. horse—a splendid roadster well able to carry a man of Fred's weight. | Jack had just awoke from a doze, and was surprised at the uews. Fred must go, he concurred, though he-could have much liked to go with him. ' So it's all right, Jack ?' ' Yes, old mate, and thanks to you I am iilivo to say so. Kiss her Fred, before you go, you deserve it, for your unselfish devotion.' Then came the parting embrace with K»te; jand she, dear girl, quite forgot her usual elf-possessed demeanour and held on to her burly lover as she tearfully suid goodbye. vin. ' he rideth over the plain Fall seven miles broad and seven miles wide. 'His steed was blaok. . . . He w.-us riding at full speed.' Fred's blood was up. He was mud ut being thus summarily parted from his lady love, and boiling over with rape 1o think that the result of his labour should be touched by other hands. Thus, he'rode fast to tbe low level bridge over the river below tbe Grose. The water was still runuing strongly over ii, and he was advised not to attempt , the passage. But Fred Morley was a strong man, and the horse he rode was worthy .of such a rider. If the water oh the deck of the bridge was breast high he knew he'd bo washed over into deep water; but he rcsol vod to chance it, relying on the strength of the •superb steed Miss Robey hai provided for him. Saladin was his name, and bravely did he face the angry waters ;. his own weight and that of his rider favored him, and he kept his footing well. Arrived at the other other bank, the onlookers gave tbe bold rider 'a cheer, and he passed on up through the old village of Enfield to the ICurra jong Heights, where he gave Saladin a rest and a feed aud had supper himself. As soon as the moon rose he was again in the saddle, and jogying along at a steady canter beneath the bill fem trees which form almost an avenue along the old explorer's track. Knowing the country well, Fred struck off to the right <ftt the 'Causeway,' and thus came out on the Mudgee-road at Keen's Swamp. Here he spelled again for a couple of hours, and then on again, caking short spells of rest occasionally until he reached the claim on the third day. : Fred was no diplomatist; he went straight to the claim unarmed with a single scrap of blue official paper. When the fellows in possession saw him on his big, coal blacK steed they shook in their boots, for they thought it was the ghost of some ancient baslnanger. After two minutes talk with his two old mates, who had been left: in charge, be went straight to the tunnel, with his heavy riding whip ready for action. It wa* his only weapon, but he could use it wonderfully well—as Messi- urs the jumpers soon .discovered. Two of them were poking about the roof with their picks, while the other two held candles. ' What's this you're up to ?' roared Fred; ' Who gave you permission to enter upon this lease ? Show your authority at once. • One of them produced a piece of paper, which Fred tore into shreds and pointed to the entrance, with the ono word, ' Clear!' They hesitated! he was onlv one man and they were four. And then Fied shoved first one and then another towards the open cutting, and then one of tliem held his pick menacingly. Down camc Fred's whip upou his skull. ' Pick him up, some of you, an-1 got out of this, or I'll be tempted to kill the wb'.le sr.ang of you,' and the four black-muzz-lcd thieves shuffled out of the drive. Fred did not leave them uufil they were off the ground! and then they began to crow liko bantams, when iu a safe place, that they'd go to the warden and do great things. 'Go, and confound you,' repljod FVed. ' Send Mr, B^ to me and Til teach him more mining wrinkles than ever he knew; You are only thielves ; and if I catch you on this lease again I'll thrash the lot of you' and then hand you over to Sergeant O'Don. 1 nell.' One fellow produced a revolver and FrcJ went straight at him, slashed him across the face with his whip and then took the -woapm from him. Upon that they sneaked off. Fred found that the men had been in possession four days. The two old men had not complained to the warden, nor informed the other shareholders in town, aud it was clear to Fred that the old mates were in the swim. Fred rode into Gulgung that night, put his horse in a jfood stable and sought Dr. Beuham, from whom he heard t'-at Thistleton was away—where he didn't know— and that was why the telegram had Nsen sent to Fred and Ja'ck. The Doctor was both pleased end amused with Fred's summary wny of getting justice : aud invited him to spend the eyoning with him. Next morning Fred rode out into the claims and found that some of the stone had been broken off and taken away; and he told the old man that ho would hold, them responsible for any loss; and at ; next crushing it would be stopped out of their share. The weather was fine, and Fred put on labour to clean out the cuttings The men worked well, in two shifts, and in a month twenty tons of the lode and.a ton or two of the quartz were raised to fho surface. Tbe stuff was crushed at tbe company's battery at Iteedy Creek, and both yielded'handaome ly; that from the lode going three ounces to the , ton, and the quartz going over 200 ounces in the oggregate. Fred had heard from Kate that Jack was progressing well: and she begged of him to kill nobody, and 011 no account gtt killed himself, as she- had no ambition to be a widow before she was a wife. Fred kissed he letter, and smiled. For I such a woman what would he.not do? Alas'. One never knows what may happen.' Fred : thought out the matter for his returu letter—' 1 to be written that evening after tie returned from tho creek— but Tthe fates Swine. • i&eturniug.to; theclainuthat "tf eve?4; 4 Bitting mthe dr» y with <me of'the carters; ! the fcprefi stumbled Against something" and fell. Theyfoiind a log-placed across-the road, M-hicb was not - there in the morning ; ithoy jgot down, and after groping about in the dark, thfiv tried to remore it, and. while thus (engair.d two-sharp cracks were heard and '©red felr, .himself hit in, the shoulder. He hndn revolver, and let drive in the direction whence the shots had come. None were retumedand FJ ed finding the blood running freely, asked tbe driver to take him to Gulgong—which ho did—arriving at the hospital just as Fred fainted from loss of blood. If .the : scoundrels who did this thought to Jnako a haul, they were balked," foi Fred Mmehow had a suspicion that tome attempt would be made to get possession of the gold and . had; entrusted the ingot .to the.manager of the mill for sale keeping, and .thus was returning empty handed when fired n't. On the strength of a letter from Fred that •he was not to hurry, as matters were all right,. Jack was enjoying .himself quietly. It. was a long '. dolce farxiiente' for him, and Lily and Miss Eobey -were his most devoted slaves. In the midst of this pleasurable existence there came one day J3. wire from X>j. Benliam to tay that Fred" Morley waa under his care in Gulgong Hospital suffering from a gunshot wound. It was brutally candid, and might have been worded with some consideration for others. It further asked Mr. Blandy to 'come at once.? It w impossible to keep the news from the ladi.-s, su he Landed the paper to Miss Robey, .who, with lips firmly compressed and her blue orbs sparkling with animation, ex- -claimed: ' Let us go at once, you and I. Mrs. Attewell will take my place here.' ' I think I'd rather go with you,' said Lily, sidling up to Jack,' ' if you don't 'mind.' ' Do. Just the thing. Jack is not quite •well yet, and there's no knowing what silly •thing he might do up there to be revenged upon the scoundrels that huve done this cruel tbinjj,' and Kate's eyes filled with tears; but for a moment, however ,- for she became as lively as a whirlwind all at once,- and began to give orders in suoli a tone that both Lily and Jack stared at her.. 'Now then, hurry upj there's a dear girl, time is pressing.' And as ahe went but <0 the stables her voice could be heard giving directions to the men and boys about the place. ' Hero you, Jerry, harness up Tommy and "Em. Sam, :-get out the hooded buggy. Now then Sally, pack my .small portmanteau for a journey up country; only necessaries; quick, don't ask questions. Jenny, you go and help Mrs. Attewell. All right. Mr. Blandy, I'll send a boy to you in a minute. Thomas, pack up a small hamper of something to cat and drink; and be quick, there's a dear old man ;' and so. on all over the house, until every sold was busy. In an incredibly short time the buggy and the two impatient horses were ready, and the three were aboard. 'No, Jerry, I won't want you; but follow us on horseback to Penrith. Ride like the wind, we may want you to,bring the. buggy, back. Can't say yet.. Thomas, take care of the place. Good-bye, all of you !" Ana she let the nags go at a rattling pace over the soft grass-grown roads.; 1 ' We'll catch the mail if possible; if not, we'll go on all the same—there shall bo no stoppage until we get to Gulgong. Take care of Jack, Lilly ; its a bit bumpy along here.' '• And the well trained horses put on -their full speed ; they required no whip, for they were fuli of corn and pluck Arriving- at Penrith in good time they were enabled to engage a compartment to tbem.-elvct, and Jerry was sent back with the horses. Had they been latej Kate had deoidud to engasre.a special train and take buirgy au i horses with them. At "Wallaraway a substantial tip to Tim Brand, the well known coach driver, secured box seats for the three! and as the roads were good—hard and frozen—the trip was a most exhilarating one. If a Hying machine could have been chartered Miss Robey would have secured it even though it should cost a fortune. At Mudgee a buggy and pair wa*> hired, and in a few more hours the long journey was at an end, aud Kate Robey was kissing the injured man in a most pa.-sionate manner; while Lily and Jack stood looking on with most serious faces, for Fred looked very pale and worn. Dr. Beuham came up, and after introductions all round, he said Fie 1 Was better, but very low, for he had lo.-t so -much blood ; tbe ball had betn exti acted, and now that Miss Robey had come he hoped to see his friend Morley mend rupidly aud at an appealing glance from Kute, the cautious medico added; ' By all means, madam, your place is here. Give your orders aud 1. will see that they are obeyed—always of course, subject to my approval. By the bye, Blandy, the police are on the track of the miscreants that have caused us all this trouble; and I think it were better to suspend our two original shaveholders until the matter is cleared up, for I suspect they are at the bottom of it. Do you think you are well enough to superintend operations on the claim—though you may consider youiself my patient, aud between us—I mean this lady—(nodding to Lily) and myself you will be taken care of.- Jack assented; and asked where was Thistleton ? ' Ah, that reminds me. When the jumping first took place I didn't know but what he was here,, and it was not until he could not be found that I wired to you and Robey, and it is only this morning that I hear he is at Charters Towers. He is a most erratic fellow, and, I suppose, thinking things were safe here, he hurried off there as soon as lie heard of the rush—and, as usual, he is again lucky, for he has opened the best reef in the field,' ' I'm glad to bear it, though I did think it strange that -we should be sent for if he were knocking about here. . . Do you think, doctor, that Morley is in danger P (TO BE CONTINUED.) 