A Hotel Ghost. Apropos of a report that the Brevoort House was to be closed, which was denied, however, there is a story that Lady Don- raven has been known to tell about the famous old inn. The countess is described by those who know her as a woman much more inclined to common sense than to ghost haunted Cock lanes, even with Dr. Johnson's authority. She used to tell the facts in the tale simply for what they were worth. It was more than one decade ago, years before the Val- kvrie was thought of, when Lord Dunraven was first interested in the mining regions of northern Michigan. He and Lady Dun- raven were staying in New York for a few days before starting west, and had taken rooms at the Brevoort — pleasant rooms, with a view of the avenue and a nice glimpse of Washington Square. The first night, being tired with their voyage, they went early to bed, but, as it happened, not so early to sleep. Both the earl and countess were blessed with hearty English consti- tutions. They were not at all accustomed to lying awake till the small hours. They wondered what they could have done, what they could have eaten or drank to afflict them with such gratuitous vigilance. Just at venture finally they bundled themselves out into the adjoining parlor, made themselves extempore couches there and slept soundly till morning. Next night and the night after there was the same wakefulness and in the end the same migration to the adjoining room for relief. They began to think they should have to leave town earlier than they had planned, for they would not for the world have made any pretext to shift chambers. The ex- planation of the mystery, if it was an ex- planation, came at by chance. They had a call before long from an old time New Yorker whom they had met in England, an authority on all matters pertaining to the town's minor history. ' I 'wonder,' he remarked casually, 'that they should have given you these rooms. You know it was in that room there, not so long ago, that a Mr. X— — hanged himself.' It was in that room that Lord, and Lady Dunraven had tried in vain to sleep, and they exchanged significant glances. Of course it was only a coincidence, they said, but the next day they took their departure for the west. 