gLort Story. ?The Faot of the Matter.' .jpiwfcm'M, i ? by ' - ? ? I - ESTHER MILLER In ' TO-DAY.' 'Yesterday morning tho body of a well 'dressed woman of refined appearance ?was found In tlie Thames at Richmond. Every means of resuscitation was tried In vain ; life was extinct Her linen bore the initials ' M. W.' Up to tho time of going to press no clue had been obtained to her identity.' \- That was ihe paragraph that appeareu In the papers. This is the story of M. ,W.' that tho papers did not know. She was a governess, and he married her. ' His world smiled ; his family 'looked askance ; his uncle politely in timated that if there was one thing that bored him more than another it was a fool, and wished him a regretful but firm adieu. At the club it was observed that Lord Oswald Chevenix exceeded hls usual allowance ofMadeira at lunch, und was seen to read his favourite paper upside down on the day that he parted With his adopted son. Frank Wontworth cut all his old friends, took the wife for whom he had sacrificed a prospective tonthousanda year liome to a. second- floor lodging iu Blodmsbury, and set to work to discover the market value of a respectable degree fit Oxford and a nice taste in horseflesh and neckties. Guilford-street was a change noni Grosvoruor-square. And at the end of throe months, when his watch and chain had gone to join his spare cash in their landlady's exchequer, he had learned the indisputable fact that the city was not waiting for a young man who had never earned a penny iu his life. He had begun his search for employ ment by Indulging in visions of a secre taryship for four or live .hundred a year ? ' not luxury, of course, but wltli economy we could manage.' He ended by accepting .a clerkship in a fruit broker's office, which would just enable them to live. By this, time the gilding of romance had worn a little thin perhaps, and the pinchbeck of reality had begun to snow beneath. At first the idea of working for her— the idea that she was depen dent upon his brains aud reliability had filled the boy with elation ; he hud felt a hero' with the strength of a Her cules, eager to do battle for her against the world. But unfortunately there was no opportunity for the display of his immense energy and ambition. An emergency, a danger, might not have found him \yanting, but tho limitations of life in a city office taxed his nerves, stole the buoyancy from his step, the brightness from his eyes. Her continual presence, too, had lost the charm of novelty. Nevertheless no Tyord of regret passed his lips ; he was not a cad. But the eyes of the woman who loved him saw how he wearied and sickened of the petty economies? of their daily life, and wept In secret at the ruin she had wrought ' , „ ' 'Our marriage was a mistake, she told herself..'-.,.' I was to blame. I \- knew more of poverty than he !' ' I was to blame'— how womanlike ! It never occurred to her to reproach him for his want of foresight and selfknow 1 ofi co ' T wns to blame 1' Mia culpa became the motive power of her every word and action. In her effort to repay him for all he had sacri ficed she hovered about him with tender solicitude during the few hours he spent at home ; she questioned him with simu lated animation about his work, and tried to cheer him with the songs he used to like. But tho lodging-house piano jangled painfully, and her eyes, following him dog-like aud wistful In their mute fidelity, vaguely irritated him. He was conscious of her attempts to amuse him, aud grateful for the in tention, but lie would rather have gone to bed, or have read his newspaper in peace. Yes, the novelty of her presence had gone. Continual fretting, too, was rob bing her of the- delicate freshness of colouring which had been her chief charm. ; He perceived it for tho first time one afternoon when she came to meet him on his wny home. On the same occa sion he noted that her boots wero shabby to shnpele-ssness, and that her gloves were darued. Of course It was not her fault, poor girl, but lie liatod a dowd ; the accessories to the toilette of n woman of refinement should be above reproach. He could not help it If the manner of his greeting was the outcome of his thoughts. She turned with him, and they walked home side by side. In I-Iolborn she left him for a moment while she went into a grocer's to purchase some necessary nfHmmfre tn ov-»nfn-r ninnl Aa film rejoined liini outside tho shop, ,a smart brougham, impelled by 'a block in the triune ahead, paused for an instant by the curb, and a woman leaned forward to bow to him. Hotly conscious of the ? uncompromising parcels in Ills wife's arms, ho lagged a step behind her on tho crowded pavement in order that he Bliould not be connected witli her by his acquaintance of the olden days. The action had been slight Involuntary almost, but she noticed it ; he read It in ? the ghastly whiteness of the face she turned to him— in the pitiful smile with which she. met his shamefaced gaze. Startled to a clearer understanding of himself, he touched the hand iu the cotton glove tentatively, for very shame simulating lguorance of. what ho knew. ' What is the matter ?' lie said husk ily. 'How you look, Marion 1' Her quivering lips only retained a v .- faint 'ghost of the smile ; there was no .' effort at reply. Her silence made him .feel Infinitely small and mean, nnd he ? , re strove to exculpate himself, and soothe , -;her pain. 'Marion; I haven't been myself of , late ; I don't think I'm very well. For . ;/ /.give.' ' She murmured her forgiveness, and, ? . : repentant, lie strove to ainuse her— to: . ^ talk some colour into her. cheeks ; but ????-? Ills endeavours were in vain. Truth to' ; : , tell, she scarcely heard liim ; she was ; looking at her refledtloji in the .shop win i ? (lows they passed, .ana wondering dully ?y \ why slio had never noticed before that \- .. the bloom of her youth had gone when; .? It should have been at its zenith, and; lelt her fade, and pallid, aud almost plain. It is a horrible moment in a woman's life whon she fully realises that, she Is .. a curse to tho man' she loves. Marlon v -. realised it now, and the knowledge ate like a conker into her soul and never -v- loft her day oi* night. ' - ' We should never have mnrrled. It was a mistake. I was to blame.' / Tho sentences recurred to her more . frequently than ever after that after '.:7 . ?. noon, and now ones— terrible ones— sup- plemented the old. If she were dead his ' people would tako him back— he would ? ? return to the. old happy life which was his birthright. If she really cared for his happjnesg more than her own she would kill herself and restore to him .his freedom.,' Jt wouid^bq' the kindest action she had ever doijo him I She :x ; . ' . i knew It, she was (insured of It ; nnd yet she shrank with Indescribable fear and loathing from making the thought a deed. For she was no heroine of ro ninnce, but a woman with all the vitality and desire to live belonging , to whole some flesh and blood. Even thc.couvlc tlon that she could only hope , to'. watch his love fade to nothingness and see hljh perhaps learn to hate the woman for Whom he had relinquished so lmieli— ? even that conviction bred no desire in' hor to leave him while her grief pos-' scssod the power still .to revivify ..his waning tenderness. Yet she had, ruined! hiin, aud It was the only reparation possible for her to make. Therefore it happened that a .morning came when she ran after him down tlie stairs to kiss him once again before he left the house. And when it was grow ing time for him to tome home she sat down and wrote a; note telling him what she was going to do, and bidding' him good-bye. She .watched the ink dry witli ab stracted-eyes. Then her brows con tracted sharply. Why should she cahse him needless pain— perhaps remorse— by the knowledge that she had sacrificed her life for his sake ? Better let him think it was an accident which had given him back his freedom. She tore up the note, thrust the fragments Into the' fire, and commenced another. ' My Dearest. — I have gone to see my old friend at Richmond. Don't .wait supper for me ; I shall stay the night with her. I know you won't grudge me a little pleasure 1 If you are dull with out me this evening amuse yourself by thinking of me by the banks of the river far from stuffy old Bloomshury. And I will think of you. A kiss for you, hus band. Good night. ' MARION.' 'She sealed the envelope with the en graved keeper she wore above her wed ding ring. Then she dressed herself and left the house. When he knew that she was dead of course he was horribly shocked— shocked the more that a lurking doubt was in his mind as to how and why she died. But he strove his best to stifie it since it was unpleasant to retain. A fortnight later, when, in deep mourn ing, he was strolling moodily down Pic cadilly one Sunday afternoon, he en countered Lord Chevenix. It was .the first time they had seen each other since Frank's marriage. They started — looked doubtful— paused. 'Hallo,' said Lord Chevenix, 'how are you ?' ' ' Hallo,' said Frank, putting out his hand, ' how d'ye do ?' Both men began with ' Hallo !' Both were moved, but both were Englishmen. Lord Chevenix prodded the pave ment with his walking-stick. ' You've lost your wife, I see I I read it In the papers.' 'Yes,' replied the young man, jerkily. His voice sank. ' It was very terrible 1' ' Oh, very sad. I condole with you.' Lord Chevenix pulled his. moustache. Mechanically they fell Into step side by side, and a silence followed. The elder man broke It. ' Here's the club,' he said. ' Come In and have a cigar.' They entered. They talked. Not of her, nor of the last few months ; by tacit consent such subjects . were ta booed: They spoke of the days before their separation, and Frank heard all the latest gossip of drawing-room and club, and dropped as naturally into the old tone as If ho had never lived In Bloomshury on the half of two pounds a week. ? - Unconsciously his old animation of, manner returned under the charm of familiar associations, and once he laughed with quite a genuine ring- of mirth, until, remembering, he checked himself with a blush. It was with visible reluctance tliat he rose to go when a pleasant hour liad passed. ' What ! Are you off ?' said Lord Chevenix. ' I'm afraid I must get home,' he stammered. 'Of course you can go If you insist, but there is really no necessity,' said Lord Chevenix slowly, flicking the ash from his cigar. ' We can send my man up in a liousom presently, you know..,io fetch your belongings and settle with the woman of the house.' Their eyes met Frank breathed thickly. ' My dear boy, you were an ass,' con tinned Lord Chevenix with conviction, ' but the raison-d'etre lias been removed by a kind providence. Be grateful— to providence I mean— not to me. I linve missed you damnably. I shall lie glad to have you back.' ' You are tremendously good,' said Frank, affected. ' I shall be r very glad.' ' It must have been an awful bore, for you,' murmured Lord Chevenix sympa thetically. It wasn't pleasant' The young man meditated witli his eyes on the floor. ' As you say,' he added, ' perhaps what has happened is for the best' ' Everybody is liable to make a mis take once, but only a fool fails to profit by the experience. You're not a fool, Frank. And now you're well out of the wood you won't get into another, eh ?' Frank laughed. They both laughed. Lord Chevenix flung away the butt of his Havannah, aud clapped him on the shoulder. 'We must bury a tiresome episode onco for all, dear boy,' he said. ' Let's have a sherry and bitters ; our little dinner shall deserve It' 