1 SPORTING NEWS. FÉEÍW L BOWING CLUB REGATTA. AP The first regatta of the Western Australian Bowling Clue which it is hoped will become its annual institution will be held on Perth ^^?Atdr this afternoon, commencing at 2 30 like Thy entries are numerous, and there is Í^T*omiHe of first rate sport ; the form of the \- crews with the recent introduction from the \- Eastern colonies, ought to be about the best seen in the colony. The Rowing Club h e s secured the permission of the Yacht Club to use their premises for judges and visitors, and the Government steam- launch will be present for the second medallion of the Ministers. The course will \--"be from a point a little to the north of the South Perth Tea Gardens to the Yacht Club boathouse, which will give them a mile and a half for the longest race J. Altogether there are 11 races on the programme, and it is expected by adhering strictly to time that they -? wall be got over by a little after 5 o'clock. The most important race of the day-the senior fonrs-w.ll be rowed at 3.15 pm. \- We are requested to state that entries for the sculling dinghy race will be received up to 5 pm. The chief executive erHoars are, beside the committee, Mr. W. S. i. Boyd as Starter, Mr. Alpin Thomson a. um sue, and Sir James Lee-Steere as judge. The Orara will not be buoyed, but, being so wide and straight, it is not expected there will be any ionia. In the evening a smoke social will be held at Jacob j'a Café, at which the president of the club (Mr. R. B. Burnside) Will present the prizes to the successful competitors. The following gentlemen have volunteered contributions to the evening's entertainment : Messrs. S. Evans, J. C vetilla, Harris, T. Duff, Hill, H. Wright, A. W. Hoskings, Rosenthal Taylor, Turner, Magona, Ramaciotti, Berliner, Crome, and Dr. Erson. Appended we give the selections of our Perth contributor "Rowlock," as well as the views of two Fremantle authorities on the chances at their crews : "EOWXOCK'S" SELECTIONS. Maiden Sculls: S.R.E.O., 1; W.A.E.C., 2. Junior Pairs : F.R.C. Maiden Fours: S.R. C.,1; W.A.B.C., 2. Senior Fours : In the short course I favour W.A E.C. with the Fremantle close up, Junior Sculls : W.A.B.C. \-- Maiden Pairs: 8 B.B.C. Junior Fours: S.R.B.G. Senior Sculls The F.E.C., but not easily. Maiden Double Sculls : W.A.B.C. Senior Pairs: W.A.B.C. T *_nr FREMANTLE ROWING NOTES. V BY " SWIVEL." Eva The West Australian Rowing Club are to Y be congratulated on having at last come to the conclusion that in order to increase the popularity of aquatic sports it was necessary for either one or the other of the Perth clubs to inaugurate an annual regatta of their own to be held on Perth Water, and Mr. Chadwick and his energetic committee being 'set in the field deserve every success in their venture. Judging from entries received, d given a fine day, I am of opinion that " W.A B.C. will have no cause to regret the they have taken, and it only remains the Swan River Rowing Club to follow the good example set them by the senior club. The most important event to be decided to-day will, of course, be the Senior Fours, for which there are two entries, viz., the W.A.R C. and the F.R C. With the ex- \--exception of Hurst the W.A.B.C. are all new men, and, judging from reports, men of good row sing reputation. The F.B.C. crew are the same as rowed at the last two regattas. Apart from the fact of the race being the principal race on the card, it should also be the most exciting contest, and notwithstanding ing the fact that the W.A E C. have three such men in their boat at the Horsborough Bros, and Hurst, I am inclined to think that the Fremantle boat will first catch the judge's eye. The F.B.C. men have trained , consistently and will go to the post in condition equal to if not better than their previous appearances. For the senior sculls the F.R.C. as usual will send Bunce, and I have no hesitation in saying that he should win easily, for I am of the belief that there is no ~" amateur sculler in the colony equal to him, and he is one who does himself justice by training wall. The next most important event will be the senior pairs, for which Harrison and Nunn will represent the Port. They have a hard nut to crack in the two Victorians, and owing to their being better boated I am compelled, greatly against my own grain, to think that they will be first past the post. I hope I may be disappointed. The Fremantle junior fours have not been together long. They will be the same for that were hidden by the S.B.B. in June last, and unless the course is very short I am inclined to think that they will meet with the same fate to-day. For the Union pairs, Gullen and Johnson will again try for Fremantle, and owing to the two Perth men stop only just got together, I think their Phones of a win are great. The W.A.B.C pair will be stroked by Bertram, of South Australia, who comes with a great reputation, but he has not had time to get into form. The other crews, with the exception of the maiden four, deserve no comment. The four when they got into the boat some three weeks back were entirely raw, but with the able coaching of Mr. Strelitz they have come on remarkably well, and I should like to see A them win, but I am afraid the time has been too short. If they do not win to-day I am perfectly certain they will win on the 9th November. For the maiden pair Johnson and Gibson will go to make up the race, but they have not much chance of success. For the maiden double sculls Mitchell and Shaw will go for F.B C, and although young they should make a good race of it, but against their heavier opponents I am afraid they have not much chance. My tips for to- morrow are as follows Maiden Sculls, W.A. Rowing Club ; Maiden Pairs, W.A.B.C.; Maiden Fours, W.A B.C.; Maiden Double Sculls, S.B.B.C.; Junior Fours, S.R.C. ; Junior Sculls, W.A.E.C. ; Junior Pairs, F.B.C. ; Senior Pairs, W.A.B.C. ; Senior Soul's, F.B 0. ; Senior Fours, F.B.C. Oarsman writes as follows :-" Judging by present appearances, the Perth men will be favoured with glorious weather for their regatta, and had there been a public holiday about this time of the year, the date of the Fremantle Regatta would have been long ago changed. "The regatta will introduce an in- novation which all hope to see extended. This is the prohibiting oarsman from the other colonies entering for any races here regardless of their status in their own colours. The joint committee of our clubs have wisely decided that this principle shall extend only to maiden races at the present regatta, but it was generally ^V.-^«:...^ sent the same TOO aypttrrrt- fair- falls teoogB-aodthat the time was arriving for the application of the rule to all classes of races. A general feeling that the association should be at once reorganised under more modern roles was also apparent, and it is to be hoped that no time will be lost in bringing about this most uses an reform. The Perth men" must be congratulated on displaying such a spirit in favour of bringing local row- ing matters into line with those of the other colonies, and they may rely on the steady support of Fremantle in their endeavours. The race between the senior crews will be very close, though we hope to see the en- durance and physical training of the Fremantle men tell in their favour. They have been almost without a coach for weeks past but have stuck to their work pluckily. I am afraid it is impossible for Ryan to start for the junior BCUIIS under the circum- stances, and it is much to be regretted, as he would have been a formidable competitor. The junior fours are also at a disadvantage in two of their men having been unavoidably absent from training Bt I for a considerable time. Their styles '9 ] are not identical throughout the boat, Lorimer and Johnson having rather a steadier recovery than the other two. Gallen, however is a powerful stroke, and Lorimer rows in fine form, while Johnson is one of the most reliable men we have. Wright is, I believe, an experienced oar, though I have had few opportunities of seeing him row. | The maiden four is composed of all new men, and have been got together somewhat late, but are a very powerful combination, physically speaking, and row with a will, though they must not contract the habit of finishing in the air. Tna maiden double scullers, Mitchell and Shaw, are the two vigorous young fellows who succeeded in discomfiting two much old or men at one of the late Perth regattas, and I hope they will retain their laurels. Personally I should like to have seen the Perth Club wait until the other clubs were able to purchase eight-oar boats, as under present circumstances by the time that is possible the present eight-oar of the Perth Club may be arms at table. Fremantle finds that it requires its funds for the purchase of good four and pair oars, and a wager sculling boat must not be lost eight of for the next Fremantle regatta. We are indebted to the W.A.R.- for all owing our men the use of their shed and we wish them a successful day. FOOTBALL NOTES. The curtain was rung down on the football season at Fremantle on Saturday, when the last match was played on the Oval for the year. But whilst the Imperials have laid aside their guernseys and are making preparations to don the flannels, their confreres the Fre- os armies, are still in active training for the coming battle with the Rovers. The game between the two S'aport teams on Saturday proved very interesting. At three-quarter time the Imps, were only one goal to the bad and going strong. The pace they made, however, was too fast for them to last long, and the red and whites simply bided their time. They gave them the reins for a short period and ten minutes before the finish, thinking it time to make a move they came away with an irresistible rush and completely smothered their opponents, putting up three goals in the last few minutes. For the victors, Thurgood played about the best all-round game, his long kicking, vigorous dashes and high marking being essential -features of the game. Gibson, Watson, Byers and Musgrove are a quartette always to be relied upon for a fine exhibition of the game and on Saturday they proved no exception to the rule Of the others, Archer, Morehouse, Fay, Down and McKenzie were the most prominent. On the losing side, Covacevitch, Fry and Todd worked indefatigably in the interests of their club and were we 1 backed up by Cooper, Gallen, Hall, Smith and Griffiths, all of whom rendered useful service. Both the secretary and captain of the Imperials are well satisfied with the display of their team during the past season, and next year they intend making a big bid for premiership honours. The Imps are a plucky team and deserve every encouragement. Very little can be said about the Borers and West Perth match last Saturday other than that the latter could not bring up their full complement of men, and were outplayed from start to finish. Their repeated defeats Sf em to have taken all the zest out of the West Perth, and they would be wise to cancel their remaining postponed matches, with a determination to do their best next season, and, under better circumstances, to regain their lost laurels. For the Rovers, nearly every man was in good form. For the West Perth , Morgan has seldom played a better defensive game, his high marking being a treat to witness. Finlay, although below his best form, also played well, and R. Ryan, as usual', was always in evidence. To-day will be an " off day, in view of the regatta, the West Perth having decided to forego one of their postponed matches with the River'. It is hoped that the season will be s itisfaatorily dosed next Saturday with the deciding match between the Rovers and Fremantle. The Rugby Union premiership was decided on the Esplanade last Saturday by a clinking game between the I Zingari and Swan. Both teams were splendidly matched, but the Zingaris almost at the last minute snatched the victory by obtaining a try. The points scored by the teams in the Rugby Gulnare as follows: Zingari, 20; Swan, 18 ; Guildford, 5 and Fremantle, 5. The game has made great progress in the colony during last season, and there is some talk of sending a West Australian team to Sydney next season, where it is hoped that at least an vEst the juniors they will hold their own. The East Perth and North Fremantle will decide the junior premiership this afternoon in the Fremantle Park. The East Perth are one point behind North Fremantle and must w n outright to secure the premiership. If the match results in a draw the North Fremantle, by retaining their point to the good will be premier's. Much interest is centred in the match. FOOTBALL FIXTURES. TO-DAY'S MATCHES. East Perth v. North Fremantle, at Fre- mantle. East Perth : W. Grundy (capt.), H. Barker vice-capt A. E. Hunt, J. Farrell, C. Most en- Boxhall, J. Stubbs, J. Halls day, J. Wheelan, G. Francisco, J. Hardwick, T. Brogan, E. Budd, P. Harris, C. Kennedy, M. Landells, - Ltiel, G. Barrows, G. John eton, G. Horton. The train leaves the Central Station at 3 30 p.m. Sharp. North Fremantle : P. Hayes', J. Thomas, A. Hayes, T. Rowland, J. Arthur, R. Pearse, E. Wakely, J. Rowland, S. Lyons, J. Moffatt, J. Fitzpatrick, J. Murphy, J. Lumsden, G. Bryce, J. Peach, T. Mack, J. Williams, W. Cain, G Bushby, C. Joss, M. O'Hara, A. Ashton, L Moore, MA. Force =t. The team are requested to be on the g road at 2 30. p.m. sharp to be photographed. Unions v. Carltons: The following will room sent the Unions in their match against the C Carltons on the Esplanade, commencing at", three o'clock sharp : O'Mara (capt.), Best (vice-capt'.), Davies A , Davies T., Harrison, Back, Rudd, Bert, Lumsden, Bailey, Barker T., Barker J.. O'Callaghan, Glaskin, Novice, Mathieson, Cowley, Lafferty, Scott, Stephen- son. Emergencies . Mawhinney, Jones, Goodwin Union players are requested to be in the Public Gardens, at 215 p.m., for the pair I one of having their photographs taken. Ca It Is team : S. Saunders (capt.), J. Brook- and, H. Crase, H. Bailey, F. Ethell, E. Stokes, H. Stone, A. Basser, D. McCluer, J. Kelly E. James, A. Jones, J. Veryard, J. Yeo, V. Bear, C. Ranford, Loel, F. Graham, E. M-ioküu, N. Wear, McKenzie, Scott. S Emergencies Parry and McCormack. | 3 Federals, v. Ports, at Fremantle. Swans v. Centrals Swans team : Chester, Carte-, Bates, Wrigfatton, Mews Maguire, Moffat, Clough,' Painter, Beecroft, Loane, Horton, O'Haloran, Faller, Sbaard, Lacey, Mack, Baker, Beed, Power. Centrals: B. Watson, Elton, Worth, Bloomer, , White, Sandsman, Davidson, Grave, Lambert, Randell, Christie, Bell, Wells, Byan, Cam minga, Gugeri, Smith (2), A. Cameron. W.A. RUGBY UNION. A very pleasant smoke social was held at Jacoby's Cafe on Thursday night to celebrate the close of the Rugby Union season. There was a large attendance and the vocal and recitative talent was strong amongst the company. Mr. C. W. Randle presided, and Dean Goldsmith was amongst those present at. Amongst those contributing to the entertain- men were Messrs. Castilla, Castieau, Davies, Hoskings, Randle, Hills McCulloob, Moran, Duff, Leave, Von Bibra and Dann. Mr. James Wilkinson, of the Wilkinson Gaiety Company, also obliged the company towards the close with same of his inimitable songs end met with an encore. Dean Goldsmith as an appropriate speech presented the medals to the premier team of the season-the Zingari and proposed the health of the team, coupled with the name of Mr. W. Johnson, the captain. The latter in turn proposed the toast of the Banners up, and paid a high compliment to the S warm for their play in the last contest. Mr. Clark responded. The toast of Kindred associations was propos 3d by the secretary of the Union (Mr. Vallentine), who referred to the harmonious manner in which the two football associations had worked together during the season. He thought there was room for the two games in the colony. Mr. Pendergast responded and expressed his belief that a very good game could be evolved by a combination of the two styles of football, an opinion which was received with applause. Messrs. Doyle, Duff and Lean also responded. The health of the president was proposed by Mr. Vallentine, who stated that he had not only given a handsome donation to the Union, but had offered a cup for presentation next season. Dean Goldsmith suitably acknowledged the toast. The toasts of the Chairman of the commit to a meetings (Mr. W. C. Randle) the Referees (responded to by Mr. F. Short and the Secretary were also proposed. It. may be mentioned that the' medals presented to the Zingaris, which are of handsome design, were manufactured by Mr. B. V. Lindell. CYCLING. The competition for the Hooper trophy closes on 30th inst., and several of our local flyers are now endeavouring? to lower the record. Mr. W. C. Rose will start to-day at 3 p.m. from the Perth Town Hill, and Mr. H. H. Bolton at the same time from Fremantle Town Hall, and good time may be expected. The record is at present held by Mr. Bolton, his time being 1 hour 22 min. 34 1-5th sec. AT THE A.J.C. SPRING MEETING. THIRD DAY'S RACING. HOPSCOTCH WINS THE WYCOMBE STAKES. (BY TELEGRAPH.) (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) SYDNEY, September 20. The Australian Jockey Club Spring Meet- ing was continued at Randwick on Thursday. There was beautiful weather and the racing was good, but there was a poor attendance. Owing to the Jewish holiday, a number of bookmakers were not present. This was greatly to their benefit, as nearly all the winners were well backed. Hopscotch, the winner of the Epsom Stakes last Saturday, won the Wycombe Stakes in a very hollow fashion, never giving the others a ghost of a show. The following are the results : SECOND HURDLE RACE A sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each with 200 sovs. added. Two miles. Liena, 10st. (Mulry) J Best?, list. 10lb Eight others ran. Betting : 5 to 1 Cumberoona, 8 to 1 Liena, 10 to 1 Boots. Won by half a length a length between second and third horses. Time, 4min. 4sec. Cumberoona finished second, but was protested against and disqualified for running inside a hurdle, Brawer, his jockey, being- fined £10 for continuing on in the race. CRAVEN PLATE sweepstakes of 10 sovs. each with 400 Sovs, added. One mile and a quarter. Mr. W. E. Hall's D ela ware, by Mentor Genesta, 9st. 4lb. (C. Parker) 1 Georgie, 7st. 4lb Newman, 9st. 6lbs The others, who finished in the order named, were : Nobleman, Valiant, Trenchant, Little Agnes, Mahee, Portsea, Patron, Ruenalf, and Cartridge. Bet Hug: 7 to 2 Georgie, 4 to 1 Delaware, 8 to 1 Newman. Won comfortably by a length,- five lengths between second and third horses. Time, 2min. 13sec. SUBURBAN HANDICAP Of 5 sovs., with 200 sovs. added. Seven furlongs. Coorallie, 9st. 3lb. (J. Gough) 1 Hindoo, 8st. 5lb Fitzdonovan, 7st. 12lbs Seventeen others ran. Betting: 2 to 1 Courallie, 4 to I Hindoo, 7 to 1 Fitzdonovan. Won in a canter, with three lengths between second and third horses. Messmate, 8st. 12lbs., and Paterna also ran. Time, 1min. 28sec. EIGHTH BIENNIAL STAKES.-For three year olds. Special weights, with penalties. One mile and a quarter. Waterfall, by Niagara-Little Wanzer, 8st. 10lb. (W. Delaney) 1 Vivian, 9st. lib. 2 Rewi, 9st. ... 3 Others : Bedavni, Acton, Oaward, Fort Lochaber. Batting: 7 to 4 Rewi, 3 to 1 Vivian, 9 to 2 Waterfall. Won after a slash- ing race, Waterfall coming with a great ran in the last furlong, and getting home by a neck; Rewi was two lengths away third. Time, 2min. 14sec. WYCOMBE STAKES Of 5 sovs. each, with 200 boys, added. A mile and three furlongs. Mr. W. A. Long's Hopscotch, by Grand Flaneur Terara 9at. lib. (C. Et bridge). 1 Atlas, 9st. 5lb Woodford. 3 Twenty-two others ran, including Toreador Blue Cap, Momba, and Mount Victoria. Betting : Evens Hopssoteb, 8 to 1 Toreador and Woodford. Won with the greatest of ease by three lengths, two lengths between second and third horses. Toreador was fourth. Time, 2m':c. 25a ac. SYDNEY HANDICAP-Of 100 Sovs. each, with 300 Sovs added. One mile and a-half. Sundial, 8st. (H. Gardiner) 1 Royal Rose, 7st. 10lb: 2 Reconstruction, 6st. 10lb. 3 . Others : Quiver, Oxide, iEoln?, To ice 1, Scottish Lassie, and Grand Wi* cb. Betting:! 3 3 to 1 Quiver, 7 to 2 Royal Rose, (3 John Sundial, 10 to 1 Reconstruction. A splendid struggle, won by a head. Reconstruction five lengths away third, followed by JBolus, Oxide, Scottish Lassie. Time 2min. 37 see MELBOURNE SPORTING NEWS. THE HARVESTER GONE LAME. SCRATCHED FOR MELBOURNE CUP. BRUIN DOING GREAT WORK A NEW CRICKET LEAGUE. [BY TR_EaBA.PH.] (FROM OUR CORRESONDENT.) MELBOURNE, September 20. The Harvester having gone lame, Mr. S.G. Cook has withdrawn him from the Melbourne Cup. . Bruin is showing tremendous form in his going on the training track, and has a host of admirers every day. The tea voted clubs have decided to fall in with the scheme of the eight leading clubs in constituting a new Victorian cricket league. The pennant season commences on the first Saturday in October, and terminates on the last Saturday in April. Saturday matches will commence at 2 o'clock and continue until 6.30 in October and March ; until 6 o'clock in April, and until 7 p.m. in November, D. ce aber, January, and February. The leagUe will provide the cost of first-class umpires for the second division n cf clubs during the sea on, and will also provide them with pennants and badges as heretofore. 