A MISTAKEN POLICY. APART from the general question of Free Trade—which is one which, were a plebiscite taken, the majority of the colonists wjuld vote in favor of- -there is one phase of the Customs' tariff which displays more than ordinary narrow- mindedness and short-sightedness on the pavt of the Parliament of Western Australia. We refer to the import duty on fruit aud the prohibition of the importation of apples. That portions of this colony are capable of producing certain semUtropipal fruits to perfection we are well aware ; that these are not grown in sufficient quantities to meet the requirements of the population, or anything like its requirements, is certain. There can, therefore, be little reason for taxing those fruits that can be advantageously grown in the colony, under the circumstances, and far less reason for placing an ia.post upon those which cannot be grown in Western Australia or which the landowner do^g not feel disposed té grow. " Anyone has only to note the Christmas display of West Australian fruits in the windows of the principal fruit shops in Perth to be convinced that the local production is contemptible on the whole, while the prices are exorbitant. Grapes and figs appear to be the only things grown to anything like perfection, and both are decidedly good and dearer than good. The apricots, peaches, nectarines, and apples of West Australia constitute u t c w c s iffr îe ïiumour I^j^the H i e . They> kre^Twul;'i±lîeSâize®f> .Jiflhbles and'' are ticketed at from 2d. to 3d. each. The country should produce lemons in abundance, but JlLe iW colonial-grown samples displayed in the shop windows are, as a rule, not very enticing. Those who have a desire for a lemon squash have for tbeinost part to be served with imported lemons. But whilst we deprecate the mistaken policy of taxing fruit importations generally, there can be little doubt but tbat the prohiuitioii of the introduction of apples into Western Australia is as farcical as irritating. What is the object 7 It is said that the codiin moth may be introduced, and thus injure the apple orchards of this colony. Well to begin with, apples worthy the name arc not grown and never will be grown to any extent in Western Australia. The climate is unsuitable for the growth of that fruit, and the ghosts of locally grown apples shown in the shops and stalls of Perth prove this to demonstra-' tion. Then as to the codiin moth, it; would really be a good thing if the grub; destroyed all the apple crops in the i country. We venture to state that the codiin moth has existed in this colony for many years, though it has certainly iad very poor fare to exist upon. We remember when some twelve or fourteen years ago an outcry was raised in New Zealand by orchardists against the in troduction of apples, except under strictest supervision, from Tasmania, Inspectors were appointed at every port to examine each consignment arriving' in any harbour, and hundreds of cases were ordered to be destroyed be cause half a dozen grubs were found; in the cores. This brought about a newspaper controversy, which in turn brought -to light the fact that the codiin moth had èxistcd in New Zealand from the very earliest days of the cultivation of the apple tree. It also showed that! the pest, like that of the locust in Aus tralia^ was only extremely injurious at; rare intervals, and so by-and-bye the codiin moth was forgotten, and the orchardists went on in the even tenor of their old way. The moth has had its habitat in most of the Australian colo nies for many years, but there is no scarcity of apples on that account ; so that even though the climate of Western Australia were suitable for the growth in^perfection of the apple, there is no cause for alarm at the importation of the frnit, and no legitimate reason on any ground whatsoever why its importation should be prohibited. We are led to these remarks by the almost entire absence on the goldfields of one of the most nutritious fruits, and one that, in a territory devoid of fresh vegetables, is an invaluable adjunct to health. The apple has properly been called the " king of fruits," for, besides being a delicacy, it is a valuable food, r « 7 «, , _ «MA wig»' ' ^ W^cmaf. proches of the ^iigliestjOTdlr.i ftp emig|nfë.authonty asserts that apples are far more nutritious than potatoes, and that one can "work on them, walk on them, and think on them." But ou the goldfields we can't get them. Other fruits we can occasionally procure at fabulous prices. Lemons, for instance, cost £4 10s per case delivered in Hannan's, and are mostly shrivelled up or rotten by the time they reach the consignee ; withered bananas are sometimes seen, and oranges are exposed for sale at distant intervals. But apples are almost as scarce as angels' visits, because we are compelled to take such of the wretched local product as are grown in the coastal districts, after fthè éity aitjd seâboird*towûs hive €een «ecantfly supplied. We hope the Government will ere long take steps to remove the restrictions placed upon the importation of this " king of frait9," so that the residents of the fields may be supplied with this health-preserving and nutritious product of the cooler latitudes. 