'ruc oí»!-»» *'.». . -»... - I Tili» column being open for tho a«|>rex«ioii .>' iHtf-r.mt ..[>?-!j.ia o , i ublio matter», I hoy ara to I'd OJ I .Mar.tl ii. t'joae of our correspondents, and uot necessarily en , : .- doned by ue.] ' ' To the Kditor of the ' N'irthrm star. RELIGIOUS INSTRUCTION IN PUBLIC SCHOOLS. SIB,-Trusting that I am too well known through out the diatriut to be suspected of any religious in tolerance, or a desire to stir up seotarisn animosity, I ask your favor to waru your readers that there appears to be u growing feoliug in favor of renter iug religion to the publie schools. Io it recent dis mission in the Legislative Council, Dr. Bowke waxed quite oloquent in showing that conservatio : body timt larrikiuism and immorality was cit us« Í by ute want of religion. Other Protestants nf les note hHve wailed on the same key, and the Hier iircbs of the Catbolio Church seldom inias a chime nf having a shot ut the " Godless system of edu.-a ti.ni." Now, I oluun to be as keenly alive to am '. ? us much gi ieved by Australian larrikiuism as tin overage soul pilot, but I assert tlnit the mitjoiity o our criminals were raised where religion was ubini, dant, though morality was only a " side- show.' The cleric, if questioned, will tell us his religioi embraces the whole dui} of mun, from marrying i wife to thrashing tho children, and from tho ora rill to the coffin, but in practice it will be seen that li ii duty to his church is more important than his duty to his neighbour. The unbiased mimi omi ha vu nc difficulty in admitting that many of the Pagum and Jews ure as mom] as Christians. They un more sober, honest, und quite as generous. Thci surely Christians have no monopoly iu morality, Hud theory of Godless education sounds us if tin churches hud the creator and rulor of tho universe shut up in a casket to be let out when they choose If there ure "sermons in stones and good in every thing" what Godlessness eau there be ir arithmetic, geography, geometry, or other parrs nj Sritunry iustructiou iu public schoolsf It cann..I o too emphatically taught that morality isman', duty to himself regarding thin life, und his duty to his lolli.wioan. und on llieue duties there is litth difference of opinion between Pagan, Jew, ami Christian. Hut religion professes to teach mim't 'duty to God, und on that duty mi two persons i;v,-i did* absolutely agree with independent minds, though if children ure well crammed before theil minds aie formed, they may come out tis uniform us buns from u mould. But is flint education i No ! The Creutor is glorified by the multiform in nature, and not by uniformity, and a uible mind eantiot adore th,- God pourtrayed by barbarous men. It may be observed that fow conic tn i ho scaffold us crimináis (hut do not hawaii thu neglect of their ourly rcligous training. John Lynch, who was executed nt Berrima, N. S. AVales, in 1842, in his confession beforu a J.P., while under "oentenee, describes how ho committed niuo murders and w hile planning the murder of Mulligan, his -wife, sou, und daughter, those awful words occur : «' It was a clear, cold, windy night, I looked up ut thu bright moon, and 1 prayed Almighty God to direot me ! * * * * Heaven guide me and point out to me what to do." lu describing another murder he says: "Tho devil was busy with me and would not leuve me alone ; It was us if somebody was lugging ut nie." Seo Judge Therry' Reminiscences of N.S.W., pago IUo-7. Surely it cannot bo said that mousier of iniquity re ceived u Godless education. Aguiu, I say I huvo no wish to wound any religious feelings, but I know thuf. the corrupt state of political lifo iu this colony, during tho last 25 yours, wius sheltered and fostered, if not engendered, by turmoil of seetuiiun hate raising the Kiama Ghost, Treason Felony Aot, and secret sociutios. Anyone ca'u seo that our legislators inuku a queor moss of ourliitiiirs in this life, then why let them iutorfero with Unit which is to cornel'-or, if they uro not fit to guide udults to Heaven, through thc churches, why let them . titrent the soul saving of children in schools if . The fear of Hell may havo been a biiuguiuu's whip tu hold the wretch in order, und if it is their failli in iisifncuuy that makes religionists so anxious to iuciiicutu it, und I ney covet no emoluments, sui-uly Sal ul day und Sunday would give each sect ample time to instil its own special brand of eternal torments into their youthful prosclylus, withoui clashing with the "Godless system" in pu "lie schools. Oh nu! There's nothing in timi. Tho sects want their share of tho scliuol funds, and so will tho in- sects, then there will be more gods and devils than slates and pencils. Canada luis lately had a lot of trouble through Manitoba going on strike for denomiiiiitiouulism. Queensland is being worked to the same end. Therefore beware. - Yours, &o.;, D. GILLIES. Tiiitpubar, 2/5/05. 