k Terrible Mystery. {Commencedin our iteue of 5th May.) PART~hr. VHL—Forgiven or—Forgotten P IX.—Saying Good-by X.—The Second Bridal. XI.— 1 The Night. XII.—The Morning. CHAPTER VHL FORGIVEN OB—FOBOOITKN. Charley Stuart! The original of the pictured faoe tbat lies over her heart by night and day. Charley—unchanged, calm, handsome, eminently self-pos- Beased as ever, looking at her with gTave, gray eyes. She turns giddy, with the utter shook Of the great surprise—she leanB for a seoond heavily against the counter, and looks at him with eyes that cannot believe what they see. "Charley!" "Edith!" Yes, it is his voice, his smile, and he stretches his hand across the counter and takes hers. Then she sinks into a seat, and for a moment the store, and the faces, swim about her in a hot miBt. But her heart has given one great glad leap, and she knows die has found what all nnconsoiously she has been longing for, seeking for—Charley! He is the first to recover himself—if indeed he has loBt himself for an instant —and speaks: " This is a staggerer," he says; " and yet I don't know why it should be either, since everybody, high and low, who visits New York, drops in here for the necessaries of life, sooner or later. I began to think, however, that yon must have gone away again." She.looks at him; he isinnoway changed, that she can see—the very same Charley of three years before. * Tou knew I was here!' she says. •Certainly, Lady Catheron. Pread the morning papers, and always look but for distinguished arrivals. Like the scent of the roses, my aristocratic ta6tes cling to me still. I thought you would hardly endure a month of Sandypoint—delightful, no doubt, as that thriving township is. I don't need to ask you how you nave been; I can see fair myself you never looked better.' He meets her steady reproachful gaze with perfect sangfroid. 'You knew I waB here, and you would not come to S6e me,' those dark luminous .eyes"say. His perfectly careless indifforent manner stings her to the quick, ft ^ Trixy kn^w I was here, too, of course!' she says in a very low voice. 'No,' Charley answers, 'I don't think idle did. I didn't tell her, and I am '-:-- pretty sure if she had found it out for herself, her family circle would have heard of it. I greatly doubt even Whether she would not have taken the liberty of calling upon you.' She lifts h6r eyes again, with a reproach her lips will not speak. ' I have deserved it,' that dark, sad glance says,' but you might spare me.' ' We were all very sorry to hear of Sir Victor Catheron'e death,' Charley tesumes ' gravely. < Hammond told ns; he writc-s occasionally. Heart disease, wasn't it ?—poor fellow ! I hope . Lady Helena Powyss is quite well ?' •* She is quite well.' . .Then there 1b a pause—her heart is full, and he etauds hereso utterly v unmovfld, talking common-places, and • looking as though even the memory ' ^of the'past were dead and buriod. As . no doubt indeed it is. She handles the i gloves she still holds nervously, for once in her life at a loss. * Your mother and Trix are well ?' she Bays after thqi'pause. ' Quite well."' 1 She lo^ks op desperately : * Oh&ley;," she exclaims; ' mayn't I i*ee them ? I have wanted to see them •Vta much— to —' No, her voice K-breaks, ehecannot finish the sentence. * Certainly, you can see them," Mr. Utuart answers promptly; 'they will be -delighted. I am sure. They might not Jeel at liberty to call upon yon, Lady Qatheron, of course, but all the same they will only be too happy if Lady Catheron will so far honor them.' r Hie B&ye; this in the old lazy, pleasant e ! - voice, but itis quite evident he does no mean to spare her—bis half-sarcastic " accent makes her wince as though in actual bodily pain. " • ril give yon the address if you like,' |fe^|ie goes on; ' it's not the most aristo- ^ antio iieighbourhood in the world, but '' it's perfectly quiet and safe. 1 He scrib- -'SdeB something in penal. ' Here it is —due east you *ee. Trix won't be • home until seven; she's at work in a ianqyshopin Sixth Avenue, you know —-no you don't of course, but she is, •v •* -and I generally call round for her at closing-up time. But you're safe to 'find her at home any evening you may name!, Lady Catheron, after 7 p m.' She takes the slip of paper very humbly—very unlike the Edith he used to know—her lips quivering, as he can see. ' Mayl goat once ?' she asks in tbat humble little voice; ' I can't wait. I want to see your mother, and I will stay until Trixy comes.' ' My mother will be there, and charmed to see you. Of course, you can go at once—why should you hesitate—it's very kind of you, and all that. I would escort you there if I oould, but unhappily Pm on duty. You'll have no trouble at all finding it.' He is perfectly cordial—perfectly indifferent. He looks at her as he might look at Mrs. Featherbrain herself. Yes, Edith, it is all over for you ! ' I thought you were in California,' she says as she rises togo ; ' and that Trixy was married.' ' No, I have never left New York, and Trix is pining in single blessedness still. We are going to alter that shortly though—for further particulars, apply to Trix. Are you going ? good-by, for the present, Lady Catheron.' She is out in the bright sunshine, feeling as though she were in a dream. She summons a hack, and is driven away eastward to the address he has given her. She finds it—a tall tenement house in a close street, smelling of breweries, and she ascends a long flight of carpetleas stairs, and knocks at a door on the upper landing. It is opened, and the well-remembered face of Aunt Chatty looks out. 'Mrs. Stuart!' A darkly, beautiful face is before her, two black-gloved hands are outstretched, two brown brilliant eyes shine upon her through tears. And Mrs. Stuart recoils with a gasp. 'Oh, dear me!' she says, 'it is Edith!' Yes, it is Edith, with tears large and thick in her eyes, who kisses the familiar face, and who is sitting beside her, how, Mrs. Stuart never knows in her amaze tnd bewilderment, in the humble little front room. How ohanged it all is from the splendor of that other house in Fifth Avenue. How different this dingy black alpaca dress and rusty widow's cap from the heavy silks and French nwlineiy of other days. But Aunt Chatty's good, easy, kindly face is the same. A hundred questions are asked and answered. Edith tells her how long she has been in New York, of how only an hour ago she chanced upon Charley, and found out their whereabouts. And now, if Aunt Chatty pleases, she is going to take off her bonnet and wait until Beatrix comes home. ' Of course you will wait! Take off your things right away. Dear me! and it is really our Edith; won't Trix be surprised and glad. It isn't much of a place this,' says poor Mrs. Stuart, glancing about her ruefully; " not what you're used to, my dear, but such as it is—' An impetuous kiss from Edith closet her lips. ' Ah hush!' she says; 'you are in it —and glad to see me. I ask no more.' ' Ana you are a widow, too, dear child,' Mrs. Stuart sighs, touching her black dress compassionately; ' it is very hard—so young, and only one short year his wife. Captain Hammond told us—ho writes to Trixy, you know. Poor 8ir Victor! so nice as he was, and that good, pleasant Lady Helena. We were all so sorry. And you, my dear— how have you been? ' Perfectly well," Edith answers, but she will not talk of herself. Aunt Chatty must tell her all about their trouble. Aunt Chatty tells plaintively, only too glad to pour her sorrows into sympathising ears. ' It was very hard at first—dreadfully hard. Poor Mr. Stuart died—it was too much for him. Everything was sold—everything—we were left beggars. Work was difficult to get—then I fell ill. Charley was in despair almost—he grew thin and hollow-eyed, the very ghost of himself. All our old friends seemed to drop off, and only Providence sent Nellie Seton along, we might have all died or gone to the almshouse.' •* t ' Nellie Seton 5" enquired Edith; ' who is she? what did the do? ' She was a school friend of Trixy's, in reduced circumstances like ourselves, who came to our succour like en angel ic human form. She got Trix a situation in a fancy store, she nursed me and kept me alive on wine and jellies when I could touch nothing else. She cheered up Charley, and kept him from dying of despair. To Nellie Seton, under heaven, we owe it that we are alive at all.' 'She iB a young lady—this good Miss Seton ?' Edith asks, with a sharp contraction of the heart. •Yes; about Trixy's age, and wonderfully clever. She writes poetry and gets paid for it, and the prettiest Btories for the magazines, and is qtfte rich. She is one of the family, now, almost, —very likely she will be home presently with Charley and Trix—they're always together. And now, if you will excuse me, Edith, I'll go and get tea.' She bustles away, and Edith sits in the little parlour alone. And she feels, with a heart like a stone, that what she has lost forever, this brave, good Nellie Seton has won. Well! she deserves it; she will try to like her, Edith thinks; but somehow, even at the thought, her heart revolts. The old feeling for Mrs. Featherbrain, for Lady Gwendoline, tries to come back in spite of her, for thiB unseen Miss Seton. She is an altered woman—a better woman, a more unselfish woman, but the old leaven of iniquity is not dead yet. The moments drag on—it is drawing near seven. How will Trixy receive her, she wonders. Will she be generous, and forget the past, or will she make her feel it, as her brother has done ? Seven. Mrs. Stuart has set the table. How odd it seems to see Aunt Chatty working. The tea is sending its fragrance through the little rooms, the buttered toast is made, the cake is cut, the pink ham is sliced, everything looks nice and inviting. Suddenly there is the sound of footsteps on the stairs, of girls' gay tones and sweet laughter—then the kitchen door flies open, and Trixy's Veil-remembered voice is animatedly exclaiming: ' Ma! is tea ready ? I am famished and so is Nell. What! the table set in the parlor in state. Goodness!' Edith rises, white as the dainty Marie Stuart widow's cap she wears—still and beautiful she stands. She sees Trixy's tall figure, a smaller, slighter young lady beside her, and Charley standing behind both. Half a minute later Trix sweeps in, Bees the motionless figure, and recoils with a shriek. 'Trix!' Edith advances with the word that is almost a sob. And Trixy's faoe grows radiant. 'Itis! it M! it IS!' She screams, and rushes forward, and catches Edith in a perfect bear's hug, laughing, crying, and kissing, all in a breath. (To le continued.) 