| A WAfJEIt l'Olt DIAMONDS. I " Dor* Signora P. live hr-re P " inquired a J penUomsn of ibehall porlur of a fasbiouublc sot of flats, the other tiny, " Yes, sir." "Is she at home cow ? '' " Don't know, sir, but I will inquire." And after a abort interval the gentleman, who was no other than Mr. X., tlio well-known Went end jeweller, was asked to step into the draw ing-rooto. 11 Signora P.," said ho* " I have come on a very pleasant errand-to ask you to choree one of three diamond necklace*, which is destined to vie, but vie in vain, with the charms bestowed upon you by nature." " What do you mean ? " asked Signora P., a i cantatrice of great renown, whose countenance had assumed the form of a note of interroga tion. " I mean that Lord 0. has been choosing a , necklace for you ; that be has carefully scruti nised all we nave in stock, and, having selected these three, asks you to say which of them you I prefer." I " Lord 0.» did you say ? " " Yes, Lord O. You know his, of course!" " Not 1,1 never spoke to him iu my life." " Strange, very strange ! Here is bis card. f dare say be is an admirer of your delightful 1 singing, and intends to give a tangible shape to his appreciation ; and, if 1 may s«y so, he has given proof of admirable judgment in select ing a diamond necklace. He has just left our establishment, and from what he said I expec ted to see him here; but this is, perhaps, the harbinger of his visit." j "Yes, that may be.*' answered the lady, look I ing admiringly at tbe glittering diamonds. | " I have often heard of him. He is always in the opera, and does, I know, tain « great interest in music." The jeweller then invited a careful inspection of tbe three necklaces, pointed out the beauties of each, and laid special stress on tbe best of the three, which, of course, was the most expensive in the lot. Half an hour passed in this way. but the young nobleman failed to pot in an ap pearance. .'What do you Intend to do ? " asked Signora P. at last. ** Well, I suppose it is useless to wait any longer. As it is not by anjr means tbe first time I have the pleasure of seeing you, I confide the three necklaces to your safe keeping, Signora ; I know they will be as well looked after here as at oar shop. And when Lord O, does call, and you have selected one of them, be will come to us and settle up. It will nob last longer than to-morrow, for he has promised to come in the morning in any esse." And Mr. X. took bis leave rejoicing. It never once occurred to bim that he had left any loopholes in the arrangement through which a mouse, not to say a swindler, could squeeze him self. Mr. X. had not left tbe bouidor a quarter of au hour, wheo a young man rushed in great ex citement into tbe room and vehemently deman ded tthe three diamond necklaees. " Mr. 2C," heeaid, 111 has sent me this moment to say that they were left here by mistake-a mistake which he deeply regrets and apologises for." In reply to the lady's questions, he farther explained that Lord O.'s instructions bad been misunderstood. He wanted the neoklace for Signora B , who lived in tbe same block, "only one storey higher, end a mistake had been made in the name. Signora P. was not in the least surprised, and handed the man tbe precious paroel. He expressed bis profound thanks and hurried away. Next morning tbe jeweller was announced. *' Well, Signora, 1 hope you have followed myadvioe, and chosen tbe necklaoe I recom mended P It is by far the best of the three; and as for the stones, 1 oan assure you that Princess L., when she saw them a few weeks ago -,f "You seem to be in a very joucnlar mood this morning, Mr X. 1 thought from the beginning that the necklaces were not meant for me, and it was yon who suggested that they should remain in my keeping. But the matter has gone far enough." "What do you mean, Signora P Has Lord; O. not yet called 7" .. Oh, please stop that! You know as well i as I that the necklace was intended for Signora I B. on the next fiat, and your shopman took it j to her last night." "What do you mean? Where are my diamond necklaces P" And Mr. X. turned as pale as a ghost, as he asked the question. Signora P., equally astonished, told him all that had taken place after his departure the evening before. " Oh, heavens ! I have been victimised by a clever swindler 1" twexclauned. ** Signora, will youirindly accompany me at onoe to the shop r I want you to tell jour story to the police, and to put them on the track of the scoundrel*at once. It may yet be ssible to recover the property, but we must very quick." Signora P. ungraciously assented, and tbe pair hurried off to the shop with feelings too stormy for words. Mr. X. opened tbe door, aod to his utter stupefaction beheld the "swindler " standing at the counter with some necklaces i displayed before him. The jeweller pounced upon him as a tiger upon its prey, but the young man smilingly pointed to the precious stones, and Mid: I " There are your necklsoes. Now, listen-" " Sir, you are a-" ; " Now, do be calm, please, and let me finish I I what I have to say ; then you may talk as much I as you like. 1 have to compensate you for tbe little joke I perpetrated. Tbe fact is I made a j bet with Lord o. that I would go to one of the I best firms of jewellers in the West Bnd, and 'deprive them of the possession of * Jot of jewellery for at least one night-of course, Holely for the purpose of winning the wager. I have now scored a brilliant success snd won the stakes. It only remains for me to express my profound thanks to Signora P., who so ably, if involuntarily,eecondeid my efforts. I beg the lady will kindly acept this bracelet as a souvenir of 'A Wager for Diamonds.'"-''Modern Society." 