WORDS, WORDS, WORDS. A Plea for Careful application. | We do not remember ever to have 'heard a vulgar interpretation of some fact, figure or word which, being vulgarly 'accepted, was , tiot the . wrong one, !w holly or in part. - Labor party for Jmanual labor party, freetrader for re rvenuertariffist, workingman for work man, these are only a few of the mis J -nomeis in . the life political of New -? 'South Wales, and the evil effect of ,'corrupt manners is exemplified even in '? iBathurst, where a gentleman, belonging jto one of the local debating clubs, has assured a meeting that in the govern ; Imcnt of a country like this it-is not the best who should rule, but, presumably, 'tho worst. And this opinion he offers 1 apparently in all seriousness, his only ex cuse, did he intend conveying an opposite ' 'opinion, being that he gave a certain 1 word its vulgar meaning, and, therefore, tbe wrong one. He would not like pay 'ment of membors to be abolished, be : cause the rule then of the country would 'fall exclusively into the hands of the '* aristocracy.' This view of the matter -. ? he offered as ample and conclusive. : ?m and so, therefore, if we take him at his 'word, and pass by his probable innocence \- of any intention so retrogressive, we have 'in one of tho debating societies in Bath J urat a gentleman who believes in the » survival of the unfit, and in payment of ' members as necessary to keep that ? quality in supremacy. For the true ' meaning of the word ' aristocrat ' is not 'that the person entitled to it is of ' necessity either a member of- the nobility ! of the old world, or of the elite of the ' private society of the new, bat simply : that he is the ' best' to ' rule.'' And | 1 that only. J Which reminds one that a spurious L'| gentility is debasing the true meaning of J ; many other words, and that, in Bathurst, i':: the monster of misconception is legion. ' We had imagined that a hotelkeeper was ! a publican, we now find that he is a ; : « licensed victualler ' ; that bair-cutters | ' .were barbers and not ? tonsorial artists I1 that shopkeepers were shopkeepers and ' not ' storekeepers and merchants ' ; that ' half a dozen other things wero what they are, and are not what they were ! never intended to be. Still the fault ! may be encouraged by others, the more ?J inexcusable victims of the spurious ! gentility referred to ; for does not ; fashion debase the language and fashion \ able persons — 'people ' is another vulgar ! ism — assist in the glorification of the false and detestable. The jargon of adapta ' tions from the French, of quotes by those I who should take Dr. Johnson's advice j and ' leave other tongues alone until they speak their own ' is become so gross ! that the language, when employed to , refer to things which are called fashion \- able, seems quite ' mongrelised.' When j table-napkins were termed as ' servi ettes ' we Started on tho downward road on the dining table when the dress ; maker became a modiste we carried the i vulgarism of the dining-room into my ; lady's' boudoir — another hateful term. I And then wo managed to reach the draw ; ing- room, where we were not 'in the way,' but da trop, to punctuate a fast 1 decaying English with smart French ; words, tbe whole of which are set forth ' in the glossary of a cheap household dis j tionary. This, as doubtless the observant ' man knows, is the same edition which j the young woman, who is fond of such quotes, has to, turn up a dozen times ' during the writing of a clumsily cori i structed letter to discover whether dis appointed is spelled with two s's or two p's. And look what we have been brought : to in regard to the use of the superlative .1 at all times ! Apart from the iniquity | of ever indulging in it at all, consider I the misapplication of words. A ghost ; story may indeed be frightful, true I but i ,.wc are told of ' a frightful shame,' a J ' frightful sensation,' etc., when - such j things do not affright, but really attract; 1' and 6f 'tho magnificent design' on a ,) new coin, despite the fact that the word ' magnificent applies only to those' things : which ore of large dimensions ; and ; further of a glorious country, whose bis ; tory alone is glorious, and of ' a splendid '] book ' ' or ' splendid horse ' when that :i involves tho quality of- splendor, whic'. | is more properly used when describing a ;! brilliant ceremony or noble expanse. The whole truth is we are becoming sloppy iii our expression of terms, and employ those which, in the sense that they are used, are really meaningless, ' and, worse still, conducive 10 still greater ;; evils of construction. We are beginning ? to live iu au age of carelcssnes?, when j lack of veneration is spreading like tho wings of a raven over everything that we do, hear,' and behold. Let us, if only for posterity,, muke a better effort to preserve tho true meaning of the words of the common language, evon though we become precise to the extent of pen dancy. 