The "Times" on Anglican Orders. " Disputes in religion," says John Sulden, " will never be ended, because there wants a ineasine by 'which the business should be decided. One man says one thing and one another, and there is, I say, no measure to end tho controversy." The discussion which has been carried on in our columns over the validity of Anglican Orders will serve at once to illustrate this remark and to show the limits within which it is to be understood. The controversy, we fear, is po nearer an end thaD it wa?, but something has been done in the course of it, and to clear up one or two questions of fact. The dispute began, curiously enough, over a letter written by Cardinal Vaugban, explaining thaf when he said, in an address at Preston, that he veiy heartily wished he coul 1 recognise Anglican Orders, he did not mean to imply that he did not recognise them. The Cardinal then went on to define what he means by Orders, and to give reasons for his refusal to recognise them ; and he shows, finally, that, even if his benevolent wish could be grati fied, there would be no great good done, since there are other and graver counts on which tho Anglican Church can be condemned. It was over this letter, which was printed on October 5, that the controversy started, and it has branched out into various side issues, with the Cardinal's letter as their origi nal parent stem. Catholic Ordination, says Cardinal Vaughau, is the bestowal of a power to change - bread and wine, so that in their place our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ becomes truly an 1 substantially present on the altar in His divine and human natures, and to offer him up in true Eucharistio sacrifice to the Eternal Father ; and the further bestowal of a power to forgive sins with a divine efficacy. That these powers are . possessed by the clergy of the English Church Cardinal Vaughan denies, on the ground that Bishop Barlow, through whom Anglican Orders are derived, can Hardly be credited with an ability to transmit powers which it is not certain that he himself possessed , and that the form of consecration used by Barlow in Archbishop Parker's case bad been purposely so changed as to exclude the sacrificial theory of . the Eucharist, so that men denying the theory and using words framed to exclude it can hardly have conveyed those supernatural powers which the English Church, until quite recently, has never even claimed to pos sess. The questions thus raised have been warmly contested by all sorts and conditions of men, by Romans and An glicans, by laymen and clerics, hy by English ecclesiastics and Jesuit ' fathers, all seeking to find a firm footing, but differenting in u variety of ways as to the ground on which they wish to stand. Great names have been cited,, more or less reverantly, by our corres pondents: Bellarmine, Feraris, Pwrrone, Liguori, Moriuus, Petrus Gammarus, and a dozen others. Then, after much said on both sides, in comes Dr. Parker to declare that lie has no pretence to be clothed with power of any kind as a lineal successor of the Apostles, and like the fox without a tail, to glory in his undressed condition, nod to explain the advantages atte ided on it. Now, on some of those points, we may ventmo to say a few words. A doubt has been raised, by some of our correspondents whether Cardinal Vaugh an, in professing himself unable to re cognise Anglican Orders, speaks the mind of his Church. This we are con- viciud ho does. The Pope's , formal decree issued iu . 1704, iu the case of Bishop Gordon, leaves no room for doubt thus far, and it was in accordance with this decree that Newman ami Manning, on their - conversion to Rome, were ordained as if they had been pre viously' laymen. If any one cores to ask the views taken by the Eastern Church on this point, we leave evidence about it from the ease of a Mr. Heartherly, who juiued that Church, in which be now figures as an Archimandrite, and who was reordained and rehaptised on admission as if lie hud been a mere pagan. On the reason assigned by C ir- . dinal Vaughau and others for the non- recognition of Anglican Orders, there is a good deal to be said. On Bishop Barlow's alleged defects Cardinal Vau ghan does not seem much to rely, but the point has been passed by controver sialists on the anti- Anglican side. We cannot assign much weight to it, Archbistop Parker, throngb whom An- , glican Orders have been derived, was ' consecrated by four Bishops, of whom Barlow was oue. Two of them, Barlow j aud Hodgkins, are expressly said, hy j the Roman Catholic historian, Liugard, , to have been ordained according to the j Roman Pontificial ; the other two ac- j cording to the reformed ordial Strype, : in his life of Parker, says that the four j Bishops laid their hands on Parker, and . said the words of consecration, and, if i this was so, it is obvious that Barlow, j sound or unsound, can without loss be ' struck out of the reckoning. But was t e form of wotds used on the occasion so named as to make Parker a Bishop ? Father Sydney F Smith insists that the only valid form is that settled by Christ Himself. Wheiher the truth j used in Parker's case satisfied this con- j dition we do not know, for we can find no evidence what the original form, if | any, was. 1'he form in Parker's cam is certain, aiid the first alleged defect in it i is that it contained no reference to the . conveying of episcopal rank. It was faulty also in other respects from the Roman Catholic point of view, for it had been changed from the Roman form so as to exclude all trace of the sacrificial theory, and it is consequently a fair presumption that the sacrificial power, necessary for valid Roman Or ders, was not conveyed by it, and wus not intended to he conveyed. At this stage of the controversy the question j about intention is introduced. It is - clear from the Tridentine Canon of March, 1547, that in the judgment of the Roman Church, the want of proper intention on the minister's part invali dates everything thnt he does but that the needful intention is present,- if he intends to do that which the Church does. But Father Sydney F. Smith seems to go beyond this, nnd to hold thnt a minister may invalidate any sacrament by sec. etly withdrawing his! intention to confer sacramental grace. If this is fatal to Parker's claim, the retort is obvious that it throws doubt on all claims within the Romish Church as much as within the Anglican Church — a difficulty which Father Sydney F. Smith meets by saying that the true Church can trust in God's special providence to overrule these sporadic fail n res, wheieas a schismatic Church cannot. To say this, however, is to beg the whole question as to the status of the two Churches. It may satisfy those who are convinced already that the English Church is schismatic, but as a controversial argument it is of no force whatever. Here we must leave the vexed question of intention, of its neces sity and of its alleged absence, and of the way in which its failure is to he supplied. We can do no more than repeat what has been said about it. Non nostrum est tantas componcre lites. If our Roman Catholic correspondents are inthe right about it, it is cvrtain that Archbishop Tarker was not or dained in the Roman Catholic sense of the word, but beyond this we shall n t venture to go. But did Archbishop Parker over suppose that he was ordained in the Romati Catholic sense of the word, and that ho hereby received, and could pass on to others, the supernatural powers which Cardinal Vaughan claims- as attendant on ordination ? Or can a Church which declares ii> its Articles that sacrifices of Masses were blasphem ous fables and dangerous deeeits be thought to assert for its ministers the sacrificial functions which it thus ex pressly repudiates ? The English Church we must conclude, recognises no such oerson as a prie;t in th sacerdotal -ense, uor any suc'i part of the Cburch Ministry as is invoked in the sacrifice of the Mass. Hooker is very expiict on this point. His words are : " Wherefore, to pass by the name, let them use what dialect they will, whether we call it a priesthood, a presbytership, or a ministry, st skilleth not ; although, in truth, the word presbyter does seem more fit, and iu propriety of speech more agreeable, than priest with the drift of the whole Gospel of Jesus Christ.- For what are they who em- ' brace the Gospel but sooa of God? What are the Churches but his fauii- .ies ? Seeing, therefore, we. receive the adoption and state <>f sons by their ministry whom God lias chosen out for the purpose, seeing also lhat wheu we are the sons of God our continuance is still under that care which were our progenitors, what better title could there be given them than the reverend .name of presbyters or fatherly guides ? I'he Holy Ghost, throughout the body of the New Testament, making n0 much mention of them, doth not any where ca 1 them priests." But we must confess that these references, conclusive as they must appear as to the mind of the Church of England, will not satisfy everybody. With the Oxford Move ment, thm-e has sprung up a party jn the Qhurch which claims, and believes l Possess, the title which Hooker puts aside as improper aftd unwarranted, aud the fall powers which Cardinal vaughan states as consequent on true orJination, and which performs the ministerial duties in the closest possible accordance with tho theory professed. It is to these, A„j to them only, that Cardinal Vaughan'g doubts will come home. It rests with them to defend the position which they have taken up, aud to find means to reconcile it as ihcy bst can with the general voice of the Church, officially aud unofficially pronounced. Their stronghold is in Newman's Tract 90, aud in the line of defence which it suggests. We have no wish t0 drive them from it, for we can til spaie men of such high personal character and such devotion to their duties as many of them are. But they must uot complain if " An Ordinary ' Layman" and . his like regard their claims and their practices ' sometimes with irritation, but always withcon- te pt." 