WERRIBEE NOTES. (B' OUR OwS CORRMPOSDES-T.) THE all absorbing topic of conversation during the week has been the publica tion of an article in a contemporary asserting that our late respected towns man Mr P. Kelly had, like Hamlet's ghost, been taking his walks abroad, and had been seen and recognised by several respectable persons who had intimately known the deceased gentle man before death. It is needless to say that such an unfounded report has caused the relatives of the. deceased much pain and annoyance, for during the interval that elapsed between the death and burial, there could-not have been less than 250 persons paid the list tribute _of-respect by viewing.the body of him who had been a friend to scores in the districdt'.Like mostper ,sons;who have made a name for them selves the deceased had malingers who are ,only too, pleased to smirk the reputation of a sian ' ho has -passed away, who if in- life they would fear to assail. Once more, Requiescal in Pace. The Normandy Cricket Club from South Mlelbourne. intend to trydol6clu sions with our boys to-dayv. A good game should be the result. .Mr Rice's Dramatic Club are hard at work rehearsing the T-ancashiire Lass for presentation on Bb liing ght 7~ Oii this occasionithb proceeds are for the benefit of 1MiRice, 'and' 'as the Piece is a good one,and, the day a public holi day, the attendance should be large an the beneficiare. reap, a substantial reward for tlh months of lard work.that he has had indworking up the' raw material into what- are now capital ctbors and.actresses:. Thursday morning broke clear, calm and sunny.and it was a treat tosee the glad faces of the little ones; wending their way. to the plantation near the aqueduct where Mrs Percy OChirnside was giving a picnic to every child who choose to come within a radius of ten miles from .Werribee, and the invita tion was accepted in the same free spirit that it was' offered, and at 3 p.m. there could not haite ' been; less ,than 450 children present.- Th'e elderstoo although not includedin the invitation, mustered in force (for of course the little dears had to be looked after) and it g was a pleasing effect 'to' notice the 'mall groups of elders handing lunch out of theii wi-ell filled - baskets, and at the same time keeping a watch ful eye on their little ones. - The: day Was spent in the manner dear to children, games, races, skipping, swings, etc., and last but not least, feasting. This part of the programme was carried out with the greatest gusto, and as Mrs Chirnside had. not spared money and. everything bhad, been provided with a lavish hand there was enough and to spare for all. A willing-bunch of assistants, headed by Mrs Paget, kept things going quick and lively;'?and when evening's shades began to warn parents it was time to be getting their broods home, the universal opinion was that it was the: best' picnic 'that the children in the district ever had, and that Mrs Chirnside and the. Captain deserved .thie:.warmest:.praise. for.., the. delightful day's outing that had been provided for the little, ones. 