ROBINSON CRUSOE. At the Auckland Islands. 'How shall I admire your heroicke cour age, ye marine worthies, beyond all names of worthinesse!' — Hakluyt. . t ^^ AR away to the \^A /-I southward of New utLj Zealand, say 160 / '_ '§J~ miles at least, in f£Z )f\r-^ latitude 50min 48deg, ~§&3fo£i — lie the Auckland lsianas, a loveiy group, first seen in 1806 by one of En derby's whaJing ships. The seas around them axe turbulent and stormy; mists and fogs settle thickly on the land; and the winds blow with such force ('butt- end foremost,' as the sailors say) that, nothing can stand against them. Even ships anchored in a hao-l-or there are not so safe when a stomi comes on; certainly not so safe as they would be outside. So it proved in the case of the Sydney owned schooner Grafton as she lay in Carnley's Harbor on the night of January 2, 1864, with two anchors out All day long a heavy gale had been blowing, with almost constant rain, and tiie ship had been straining at her chains with every heave of the swell. At 7 the starboard chain part ed, and the best bower dragged some distance, bringing her up again almost parallel with the grim rocks that lined the shore. Every time she j|gse with the sea she dragged the anchor home, getting nearer and nearer to the shore. At midnight she struck, lying broad side on to the beach, the sea making a clean breach over her. Finding at daybreak that there was no chance for her, Captain Musgrove — who had left Sydney on November 12 for Campbell Island, on a mining speculation, and had then steered for the Aucklands to load with sealskins— got out all the provisions and sent them .ashore in the boat, with the mainsail and gaff for a tent There were only three men in the crew; the mate, Raqual, a French man, was barely able to walk, having been laid up for some time. The gale continued to blow all that day, and for nearly a week afterwards; but, despite the rough weather, they managed to get on board the wreck from day to day, and take on shore many things they had need of. Their stock of provisions being a very small one, they soon had to look about them for food, and luckily it did not take long to find it. Seals swarmed in the bays in the summer months; some times they killed them almost at the dctor of their tent. One night the men were alarmed by sounds of bellowing in UJIJ LTUQJ-1; J-LV^CLJ. UiV.il V^« JIIJJ^ tl UJ.\^U. IsJ-l^j took to be signs of wiji cattle, and, as the sound came nearer and nearer, they were a f raid theanimals would rush, the tent and attack them. Musgrave went out, gun in hand, but instead of cattle, he could only see seals roaming about. He fired and shot one in the tail, when they all cleared off. The flesh of the cows and calves, as the sailors called them, made very good eating, but that of the bulls was rather too rank for delicate stomachs. A young calf, when roasted, tasted exactly like lamb. When a cow was killed with her calf, her milk was con sidered better than goal's. It was no little luck to have a French cook among them. They had one in RaquaL who took his turn with the rest in that capacity, each man being cook for a week, and showed the true greatness of his country at dinner time, giving them four courses, with roots a discretion. Fish were neither so plentiful nor so varied as might be expected; but they had no net, nor materials to make one, and were obliged to rely on hook and line. The first quarter flood, they found, was the aoly time that they could eaten any number; one man standing on the rocks could catch enough then to lasx them for three days. Whenever that happened they were glad to put seal meat aside. Wild vegetables, too, were scarce; the best they ©solid find was a root which they rather liked when fried in seal oil. It had so much sugar in it that they hit upon the idea of making beer from it, by grating it on a large grater, boiling it, leaving it to ferment, and then put ting it into a cask; but its operation on the stomach proved to be so power ful that they returned to water. Birds contributed a little to their support, but very few varieties were obtain able; the principal was the shag, of which they shot large numbers occa sionally. They were surprised .to find the parrot, the blackbird, and the ro bin redbreast there; the parrot was green, resembling the New Zealand kakapo, a very rare bird. Most of them were very tame; the robins came into the tent, picked up their food, and chirped round them when they sat at their meals; while others, that were really fine songsters, regaled them with floods of native melody. Mutton birds paid them a visit in flocks towards the end of January, but left again in May, and rarely gave them a shot at them. They did not seem to know that they made their burrows in the ground and might be easily caught in their burrows. Seeing no hope of getting off the is land for some time, Musgrave began to build a house with the planks, yards, and topmasts of the Grafton— a neces sary protection against the rain, which poured down in torrents. There was plenty of growing timber at hand; but the only tools they had were an Ameri can axe, an adze, a hammer, and a gimlet, and, as there was neither a 'car- penter nor a blacksmith among them, building a house was not so easy as it looked at first Sailors are handy men, though; and in a month they had built a pretty good one, with a large stone chimney. The walls and roof were thatched with grass and covered over with canvas; but the wind blew with such force that they could not keep it out, and at night they needed a roaring fire to keep themselves warm in their bunks. Musgrave, a man of active build, took every possible means of keeping himself and his men employed, and the boat having fortunately escaped destruction, they made frequent trips init upanddown the harborand among the islands, principally on sealing and fishing expeditions. By this means they became familiar with the scenes around them. It was a curious fact that in all their wanderings on land and water the only proofs of previous occupation by men which they found were the remains of an old camp in the shape of some burnt bricks — evi- dently used by a sealing party for their 'try works' — an old saw file,' the teeth of which were destroyed by rust, aaad a couple of sheep dogs. As another means of relieving Ms mind from the terrible anguish he en dured, Musgrave kept a journal, in which he relates all the incidents of . the day, and sometimes poured out the sorrows of his heart. It was written in blood, which made a good substi tute for ink, and an appropriate one for a man in his situation. Wife aiid children had been, left behind in Syd ney, and the thought of their suffer ings was harder to bear ttian his own. What he felt may be seen in a few passages: 'I know that many a bitter tear has been shed for me by this time, and most likely to-day, as this is the end of another dreary month since I left those I loved so much. And how many more must pass, or how they will pass them until we meet again, or whether we sihall ever meet again on earth, Heaven only knows. These thoughts, which mow prey con tinually on my mind, are maddening. I feel as if I was gradually consumed by an inward fire.' Two months more pass by, and he is still in his island prison. 'Six long and dreary months have now passed since I left Sydney, and the idea of the sad lot which may and must have fallen on those I love so much wrings my soul with agony and remorse. Oh, my God! how long is this to last! Oh! release me from this bondage! Night and morning, daily, and in my dreams, I offer up my prayers to Thee. Oh! hear me and release me that I may flee to the succor of those dear inno cent ones who are now suffering for my folly. Set me at liberty that I may provide for them, and I will be content even with separation; but let me not have doomed them to wretchedness and misery.' All this time he was buoyed up with the hope of seeing a ship enter the harbor. Soon after the wreck took place he made a large canvas flag, and hoisted it on a staff planted on a point of land near the heads, with a bottle tied to it contaaiag a note; but on a. second visit to Flagstaff Point, as he called it, he found the flag blown away and the staff nearly down. He re placed it with a large board securely fastened, with the letter N on it meaning steer north. It was not pos sible to keep a man on the lookout there, because there was no food to be found thereabouts. In all their journeyings to and fro their eyes were fixed to seaward in search of some distant sail. 'My eyes are positively weak and blood shot with anxious looking. . . . Yesterday I got to where I could see well down the harbor, and sat on a rock all day, expecting to see a ves sel come in. This morning I walked all about the beach, expecting the same thing. . . . Surely not more than another week at the outside will pass before something arrives to take us away. If those who should have felt interested in our fate had applied to Government as soon as they gave us up — which they must have done, at the outside, five months after we sail ed (and this is ' the eleventh) — we should have had relief before this time; for the New South Wales Gov ernment is not slow to move in these matters ? ' v On one occasion he and Raqual set off at 5 o'clock in the morning to go on to the mountains, and have a look round for a ship. The sky was per fectly clear when they left, but before they reached the top dark masses of clouds came up, and a thick mist be gan to settle on the land. It soon became a dense fog, with heavy rain, and they were compelled to go back. If they had not done so, they would have 'found themselves lost' in it, and would have had either to stand still until it cleared away, or to strug gle on, with the risk of falling head long down a precipice.. The summits of the mountains consist of naked rocks, thrown up in wild confusion by volcanic action, and among them there are chasms and precipices many hun dreds of feet deep, and terrible to be hold; but the view from the rocks is sublime in the highest degree. It commands the whole group of islands and the broad ocean encircling them for fifty miles round. The sublimity of the scene only made the sense of desolation more acute. They saw too plainly that they were so far out of the track of passing ships that the chance of res cue was a poor one at the best. There was none at all in the winter months; and while the snow lay thick upon the ground and the winds blew with iey. breath upon them, there was no temptation to climb the hilltops in search of a distant sail. But what were their Sydney friends about? And why was the Sydney Government so indifferent to their fate? Tom Moore's ghost would be pleased, maybe, if he could learn through some spiritual telephone that the only scrap of poetry with which the shipwrecked sailor could relieve his heart was a bit of Irish melody. Let fate do her ?worst, there are relics ui juy, Bright gems of the past, which she cannot destroy; That come in the night time of sorrow and care, And bring back the features that joy used to wear. Long, long may my. heart with such mem ories be filled, Like a vase in which roses have once been distilled. Tou may break, you may shatter, the vase if you will; But the scent of the roses will cling round it still. II. During their long imprisonment— it lasted over eighteen months — they had many opportunities for observing the habits of the seals, which were of the species called by sailors the sea lion and the tiger seal. They made their appearance in the bays in October, and began to leave again in April. In January the cows wander about on shore, looking for quiet places in which to calve; the calving takes place in February, when they take the young ones down to the water and teach them to swim; and for the next three months they remain with them, mostly on shrvrfti sucklins1 them. Tb.fi calves leave off sucking at the end of that time, and take to the water with their mothers during the day, going on shore at night, where they lie in small mobs in the long grass. In May the cows begin to breed again, and show signs of it by .sickness, when tfiey throw up small stones, probably snap ped up when catching fish at the bot tom of the water. Their fur is of a grey golden buff, or silver .color, some times spotted like the leopard; that of the bulls is always of a blackish grey color, and of much finer quality than the female's. Tiie adventures ' which Musgrave met with among these animals were sometimes exciting. One day he went with two men. to Figure of Eight Is land in the boat, and on landing found three mobs of them asleep. There were thirty to forty in each, and a great many young calves among them, which they wanted to get without kill ing the old ones. Each man taking a mob went right in among them, and in ten seconds they knocked down as inany calves and a cow. They were so quick about it that when the seals opened their eyes they could hardly realise the position, and as ~soon as tbey did they made a rush for the water. The last to leave was a big tiger bull, who turned aside to punish one of the men. The sight of his tusks sent him flying up a tree, from which he cried out to his mates, for assistance; but when they came up it took them a good ten minutes to kill | the seal, as they had only their clubs with them, and being in a thick bush he had a decided advantage over them. On another visit to the same island they had a pitched- battle with thirty I.; or forty seals on. the' ibeach; but, al though there were only four men, many of the seals became meat. As soon as seven calves jhod been killed, the sailors made off with them to the boat as fast they could; while the bulls I and cows, enraged at their loss, kept I running round them in such a threat ening manner that they wtere glad to get away from them, feeling sure that they would be attacked again if they, remained. They had some proof of their fighting capacity on a previous occasion when they were out in the boat and had- to defend, themselves against a big bull.. They pulled hard to get out of his way, but he gave chase, overtook them, and as he put his head over the stern Musgrave, who had loaded his gun with ball as well as a charge of shot, fired straight into his open mouth, and blew the head to pieces. Another bull of the tiger breed show ed them that it was no easy matter to kill one of them, even when armed with a gun. When he saw them ap proach in the boat he sat up among the rocks where he was lying,, and looked steadily at them. They lay on their oars and looked at him. Pre sently they began to pull in towards the shore, but he did not move a mus cle until the boat nearly touched the beach. Suspecting mischief, he made a start for the water, when Raqual fired. The ball entered the head and knocked out three of his tusks, but did not kill him. Without giving him a moment to collect his scattered senses the others rushed on him with their dubs, and 'began to pound away at his head; but the more they pound ed the more he seemed to- revive, and he would certainly have escaped tf one of them had not cut his throat with a knife. One of his tusks was found to measure 3 2-3 inches in length, iy2 in circumference at the gum, and 5% at the base. A fight between two seals was not an uncommon sight, and was watched with no little interest, although 'the noble art' was not practised according to rule. One day they found a sea lion and a tiger seal hard at work, fighting like bulldogs, tearing each other to pieces with their tusks, but not uttering the slightest sound. They kept at it for half an hour, when the men left without waiting to see how it ended; but even then the damage done on both sides was considerable, their necks and backs being frightfully mangled. A shocking specimen of their savagery on these occasions was met with in an out of the way place, ?where a cow with calf -was found ly ing in the bush with one of her fore flippers torn away, the other snapped off at the joint, her lower jaw broken, a strip of skin two inches wide torn off the belly, and another from the back, from, head to tail. The poor beast had evidently crawled out of the water to find some place to die in. After sis months' watching and wait ing for the ship that never came, Musgrave resolved to see what could be done with the wreck, which still held together in spite of all the buffet ings it received from wind and waves. Possibly, he thought, they would be able to repair her sufficiently for a desperate voyage to New Zealand. With that hope to encourage them, the men set to work in August with a will, but it was terribly hard work. The first thing they had to do was to get her higher up on the beach, so that they could examine her bottom, and to do that they had to clear away the rocks and boulders above her. They had to work up to the waist in water at low tide day after day, while the thermometer stood at 2deg to 3deg below freezing point. After a week of it they found the task hopeless; all they could hope to do \vas to break her up ami make something out of her timbers that would take them away, 'if only to drown at sea.' The thought of having to pass ano ther winter in that dreadful climate, exposed daily to storms of wind, rain, sleet, and snow, nerved every arm with the strength of despair. Hunger, too, redoubled their exertions; Seals were no longer to be seen in swarms on every beach, and even fish were not easily got. One entry in the journal for September shows the state of affaire at the but: 'The weather has been very stormy, with almost con stant hail, snow, or rain throughout the past week, and we are again hard up for something to eat We have been obliged to turn out in the midst of the bad weather to look for grub. We were out in the boat for three days running, and by dint of great in dustry we managed to get as much shag, fish, and mussels as kept us go ing. To-morrow we must boat iit again, whatever the weather may be.' The men did not grumble at their hard fare; the only complaint came from one who was heard to say that he wished he had a bucket of potato peelings. It was not until February. 1865, that despair drove them to begin building a ten-ton cutter out of the wreck of the Grafton, which, by tiie way, had been built out of the wreck of a Span ish man-of-war; but the undertaking looked a hopeless one, until the Frenchman again showed the genius of his nation by his clever contriv ances. He set up a forge, and suc ceeded in making all the tools required except augers, which quite baffled him. That was a trying disappoint ment; for without them it was im possible to build a 'cutter; and Mus grave then fell back on a project he had formed some time before of mak ing their boat fit for sea. It was only a dingey, 12ft on the keel, very old and shaky; but by lengthening her about 3ft and raising her lft he hoped to make her strong enough to carry three of them to Stewart's Island. So while Raqual worked at the forge he work ed at the sails, and the others hunted for food; and by toiling day and night through February, March, April, May, and June, they finished the boat at last 'It is only this evening (June 23) that we have got the boat ready for launching. RaquaJ is still making his hammer ring in. the forge, although it is now half-past 1 o'clock in the morning. He is just finishing his last job; he has all along worked until 11 o'clock or midnight There has been an amazing quantity of black smith work required for that small boat, which he has executed in a sur prisingly skilful manner. There are about 180 clinch bolts in her and 700 nails and spikes. He has had to make all these out of short bolts of all sorbs and sizes, belaying pins, &c;, welded together and drawn out.' Boat building seems easy enough to those who look at a boat dancing on the water; but the difficulties encoun tered in putting the little Rescue to geher seemed for a long while to be endless. They were ail overcome at last: 'Now that we have finished we have made an excellent job of the boat, and she is not -at all unsightly. Indeed, she' may be pronounced a neat substantial looking but small yacht, and what we have done is indeed sub santially done. I wish the old bottom was half as good as the new work. If that stands, we are safe; if not, we sink — which will be preferable to the bodUy sufferings and mental tortures, we endure here.' They launched her :' on the 27th; but, although it was quite calm, she was so tender in the water that the least movement put her al most on her beam ends, and some of the crersv would gladly have got on shore again. The ballast was mostly seal skins, secured so that it could not shift, and therefore there was no fear of her turning over; and with some little alterations, altering the rig from that of a cutter to a lug sail and jib, and taking only three on board, Mus grave felt satisfied that they might safely put to sea with the first fair wind. But who was to be left behind? They were all equally anxious to go, and the cry was, 'If any of us are to be drowned, let us all drown together.' Reason prevailed at last, and two of them agreed to pass the dreaded win tr at Camp Cove, and take their chance of being rescued sooner or later. On July 19, then, Musgrave set sail in his little craft with Raqual and one of the crew, but, before they had got twenty miles away, they were caught in a south-west gale, which lasted un til they reached Port Adventure, in Stewart's Island, New Zealand, on the 24th. During the whole of the pas sage he stood on deck, holding on to a ropevwith one hand and pumping with the other, while the other two men relieved each other at the helm. The wind was fair, but so strong that they had to lay-to nearly half the time, with the sea constantly breaking over them. The cutter Flying Scud was lying in port on their arrival, and Captain Cross gave them a passage in her to Inver cargill, where their case was taken in hand by a good-natured merchant The Flying Scud was at once chartered to proceed to the Auckland Islands and rescue the two men there; and in five weeks from the time that their com panions had sailed away, they were taken on board her. They were all landed at Invercargill on September 15. While the Flying Scud was at tiie Islands, the remains of a man were found lying on a bed of grass, among the ruins of an old frame house, which had fallen to pieces after his death. He had evidently died from starvation; but there was nothing to show who he was, where he came from, or how he had got there. On the night of May 10, 1864, while the crew of the Grafton were asleep in their bunks,* the ship Invercauld went on the rocks, on another island of the same group, in a heavy gale, and in twenty minutes went to pieces. Four men. and two boys were drowned, the rest, numbering nineteen, were washed on shore. Nothing was saved from the wreck, beyond a little biscuit and poi-k;and when that was gone they had to straggle about in seacrh of food. They first went to the top of the is land to see if there was any sign of inhabitants, and, finding none, they made their way to a bay on the other side; but the only food they could get there were the limpets on the rocks and two seals. They lasted for three months, and after that there was no thing to eat but roots. The men sank quickly one after another; in four weeks only three were left— Captain Dalgarno, the mate, and a seaman. They continued to hold out for twelve weeks and ten days, when they were taken off by the Portuguese ship Ju lian, bound for Callao from Macao, which had sprung a leak off the is land, and had sent a boat ashore to see if she could be repaired there. The skeleton found by Musgrave may possibly have belonged to one of the crew of the Invercauld; but in that case it is strange that some of the other sixteen skeletons were not found there. It is strange, too, that two ships' crews should have passed twelve months on two islands of the same group without making them selves known to each other. And it is not the less strange that neither of them should have met with any signs of the deserted settlement formed in 1850 by the Enderbys, to whom the whole group had been granted by the British Government for the purpose of forming a whaling station. G. B. B. 