A LIFE SENTENCE. By Adeline Sergeant, Author of "Jaoobi's Wife." "Under Falio Pretences," "Roy'a Repentance," . "DeToril'a Diamond," &o.;, &o.; All Queensland Bionts Rxsxrtbb.J CHAPTER LII. — Oantinuei). The General's sad death, caused ohiefly t>y excitement, was felt, when the shook was passed, to he almost a relief for his friends. They all felt that it would hare "been sad indeed, if the old man had lived to see himself desolate, his home dragged through the mud, his wife branded with shame, the boy that he had loved not only laid in the grave, but known to be no kin to him at all. He could not have borne it. His life would have been a misery to him, acd it was perhaps well that he should die. . His will had been unsigned, and the property therefore passed to Enid, with the usual portion to bis widow. Connie found horself better off than she lad expected to be. .She never Beemad '(to regret her aotionB, not even the 'hysterical outburst which had caused her | to confess her guilt and to hasten the j General's end. She declared herself re lieved that she had now nothing to con ceal. As for the execration that she met I With from all who knew her story, she cared very little indeed. She refused to see her old acquaint ances, and went abroad as soon as pos sible. Her lawyer alone knew her address— for she did not correspond with her English friends; but she was occa sionally heard of at a foreign watering- place, where she posed as an interesting ."widow completely misunderstood by a sadly prejudiced world. In time she married again, and it was said that her husband, a Russian noble man, ill-treated her; hut Connie was quite capable of holding her own against any- number of Russian noblemen, ;and it was moro likely that he suffered at her lands, than she at his. In the wild northern landB, however, she finally made her home ; and she nn- ; nounced to her lawyer her determination never to sot foot in England again. A traveller who afterwards came across her in Russia reported to her relatives that she was looking haggard and worn, that she was said to take ohloral regu larly, and that she suffered from some obscure disease of the nerveB, for which no doctor could find a cure. And thus she passed out of the lives of her Eng lish friends — unloved, unmourned, un happy, and, in spite of wealth and title, Unsuccessful in all that she tried to at tain. Enid, tho owner of Beeohfiold Hall, took a dislike to the place, and would not live in it for many a long day. She remained with Hiss Yane until a year lad passed after tho General's death, and then she married Mr. Evandole, and took lip her abode at the rectory. 8he made an ideal parson's wife. Her health had grown stronger in the quiet atmosphere of Mies Vane's home ; and, curiously enough, she never had another of her strange ' seizures' after her depar ture from Reeohfield Hall. She herself always believed that she had conquered them by an effort of will ; but Mr. Evan- dale was disposed to think that she had been occasionally put under the influence of some drug by Mrs. Vane, and that Mrs. Vane had either wished to romove her altogether from her path or under mine her health and intellect completely. At a later date she had grown tired of this 'method, and had tried to take a quicker way; but in this attempt she lad been foiled. Parker remained in Enid's service, and made a faithful nurse, devoted to her 'Vnistress and her mistress's ohildren, and, above all, devoted to her master, who had Broken to her gently of her paBt, and had given her new hope for the future. And, when the little Evandales began to overflow tho rectory nurseries, Enid managed to conquer her distaste for the ' stately old Hall that had stood empty for so many years, and came thither with her family to fill the vacant rooms with merry faces, and to ohass away all ghosts of a tragic past by tho sound of eager voioes, of laughter, and of pattering feet. And then a deeper love for the old borne now grown so beautiful and dear, stirred within her ; and in time she mar velled at herself that she had stayed away so long from Reeohfield Hall. Sabina Meldreth developed in a ourions direction. The rector ' got hold of her,' as.he expressed it, and managed to lay . his finger on the soft spot ia her heart. It proved to he a remorseful love for deli cate children ; and this trait of oharacter beoamo her salvation. She never talked of the past or said that she repented ; but she gave herself little by little, with strange steadfastness and thoroughness, to the Bcrvice of siok children in hospitals. She went through a nurse's training, and got an engage ment ae nurse in the Great Ormond street Hospital for ohildren. Hore she seemed happy; and tho ohildren loved her — which some people thought odd, because sho preserved a good deal of her rough ness of manner and abruptness of speeoh in ordinary life. Rut she was made of finer fibre than one would have imagined, and ohildren never found her harsh or unkind or unsympathetic. The memory of little Diok remained with her, porhapB, hut she never spoke of him. During the months of Hubert's impri sonment Cynthia did not correspond with him. He had aBked her not to do so. Her letters would, of course, have been overlooked. All tbat she oould do until the trial was over was to sond him flowors whioh ho was pormitted to receivo ; nnd very dear those boxes of rare blos- poms soon became to him. He spont a great part of his time in the infirmary; for his strength had been vory muoh tried during the time of his convalesonce, and ' it often seemed as if his anticipations woro to be realised, that his term of imprisonment would not last very long. Cynthia had made him promise that she should he summoned to his side if he were absolutely in danger. Eor many a week she used to he half r afraid to look at her lettors in the morn- jng, lest the dread summons should he > amongst thein; hut, after a' time, her courage bogan to revive, and she dared — yes, Bhe actually dared— to hope for a brighter futuro. ' Rut, when tho term of his imprison- . mont began, she knew that she must wait patiently' for itB end before the cloud of , darkness was lifted from her life, "twit tiwe _.we ww getting back to the States I reckon,' her father said to her ope day. . ' . ' So aoon, father f '"What should we stay in England forf he asked, without glancing at heir. I want to get haok to my work ; and I wont to show you the place, and see about the new house.' Por at times he drew glowing piotures of the house that he intended to build for Cynthia some day. Cynthia used to smile and listen very sweetly. She never contradicted him ; she only grew a little " abstracted no and then when he waxed very eloquent, and drew the needle a little faster through the work tbat she now seemed to love. He did not usually notice her silence, hut on this ocoaaion he broke out rather petulantly. 1 One would think that you took no interest in it at all ! You might some times remember that it's all for yon.' ' I do remember it, father dear— and I am very grateful.' ' "Well, then,' said "Westwood, at once restored to cheerfulness, ' just you look here at these plans. I've been talking to an architect, and this is the drawing he's made for me. Nice mansion that, isn't it ! You see, there's the ground-floor— a study for me, and a drawing-room and a morning-room and all sorts of things for you; and here's a wing whioh can be added on or not, as is required. Beoause,' he went on rather quiokly and nervously, 'if you was to marry out there, you could set up housekeeping with him, you know; and, when the family grew too large for the house, we could just add room after room — here, you see — until we had enough.' 'Yes, father.' And then Cynthia added with simplicity, which was perhaps a little assumed, ' Miss Enid Vane says that Hubert will be ordored to the Riviera for the winter when — when he is free.' r ' "What has that to do with it?' said "Westwood, rolling up his plane and moving a few steps away from her, ' Only that perhaps we had better not think too muoh about the house, father. We might not be able to come to it.' 'Ob, that's it, is itP' her father said, slowly. ' You're still thinking of Mr. Lepel, Cynthia?' ' YeB, father dear.' 'You mean to marry the man that would have seen me hang and never said a word to save mo ?' ' Ho would not have dene that, yon know, father. He spoke out at last in order to save you from being re-arrested. And you gave me your consent before ' Ay, before I knew that he had done the deed ! I thought that bis sister had done it, and that he was keeping her secret, when I gave my consent, my girl. It makes a deal of difference.' 'Not to me,' said Cynthia, quietly. 'He did wrong; but I learned to love him before I knew the story ; and I can't leave off loving him now.' WeBtwood eat down and began rapping the table with his roll of plans in a meditative manner. 'Women are curious folk,' he said at last. 'When a man's prosperous they nag at him and make his life a weariness to him ; but, when he's in trouble, they oan't he too faithful nor too fond. It's awkward sometimes.' ' Bat it's their nature, you Bee, father,' said Cynthia, smiling a little as she folded up her work. 'I suppose it is. And I suppose — being one of them — it's nothing to you that this man's name has boon oried high and low throughout the British empire as a monster of iniquity, a base, cowardly villain, so afraid of boing found out tbat be nearly let another man Bwing for him — that's nothing' to you, eh ?' Cynthia's oheeks burned. ' It is nothing to me beoause it is not true,' she said. 'I know the world says so ; but the world is wrong. He is not cowardly — he is not base ; he has a noble heart. And when he did wrong it was for his sister's sake and to save her from punishment — not for his own. Oh, father, you never spoke so hardly of him before !' ' I am only repeating what the world says,' replied Westwood, stolidly. ' I am not stating my own private opinion. What the world says is a very important thing, Cynthia.' 'I don't care for what it says,' cried Cynthia, impatiently. ' But I oare — not for myself, but for you. And we've got to pay some atten tion to it — you and 1 and the man you marry, whoever he may bo.' ' It will be Hubert Lopel or nobody, father.' ' It may he Hubert, but it won't be Hubert Lepel with my consent. He has no call to be very proud of his name that I can see. Look here, Cynthia ! When ho comes out, you can tell him this from me — he may marry you if ho'U take the name of " Westwood " and give up that of " Lepel." Many a man does that, I'm told, when he comes into a fortune. Well, you're a fortune in yourself, besides what I've got to leave you. If he won't do that, he won't do muoh for you.' 'Iam not aBhamed of his name,' said Cynthia, with a little tremor in her voioe. ' Well, perhaps not ; but I'd rather it was so. I don't think I'm unreasonable, my dear. " Lepel " isn't a common name, and it's too well known. As Mrs. Hubert Westwood, you will escape re mark much more easilv than as " Mrs. Hubert Lepel." I don't think it is too much to ask ; and it's tho one oondition I moke before I give my consent to his marrying you.' ' I will tell him father. Perhaps he will not mind,' ' If he minds, he won't he worthy of you— that's all I've got to say,' said Westwood, rising to his feet and, prepar- ing to leave the room. But Cynthia intercepted him. ' Father, if ho consents, you will for give him, will you not?' she said, put ting hor hands on his shoulders, and looking anxiously into his eyes. 'Forgive him, my dear? Well, I suppose I have dono that already, or I shouldn't say that he might marry you at all.' 'And you will forget the past, and lovo him a little for my sake ?' ' I'm bound to lovo tho people yon love, Cyntby,' said the old man, stooping to kiss the beautiful face, and patting her. oheek with his roll of pious ; ' and I don't think you've got any call to feel afraid.' CHAPTER LIII. The newspapers had cried out that Hubert Lopel's two years were a miser ably insufficient punishment for the orime ot which be- had been guilty; hut to Cynthia it seemed as if those two years were an eternity. She did. not talk about him to anyone ; she interested herself apparently m the affairs of h'dr father's nouse ; she made a thousand oooujpations for herself in ths new land to whioh she had gone. Oooaiionally sho had a letter- — whioh she dearly prized— from Enid Vane, and in these letters she heard a little now and then about Hubert ; but after Enid's marriago, the lettors beeame less frequent, and at last ceased altogether. ' And then she knew that the two years were over, and that Hubert must he free. i - Free or dead ! She sometimes had a keen, darting fear that she would never see his face again. His health had suf fered very much in confinement, she hud learnt from Enid's letters, and she knew that he had seemed very weak and ill dnring those terrible days of his trial for manslaughter. She could never think of them without a shiver. How had the two years ended for him? Was hd a wreok, without, hope, without energy, without strength, coming out of prison only to dio ? Cyn thia brooded over these possibilities until sleep fled from her eyes, and the oolour from her oheeks. Her father looked at her now and then with aniious, grieving eves, but he did notsay a word. She noticed, however, that he greatly advocated the good qualities of a flue young Scotohman called MacPhail, .who hud lately settled on an estate in the neighbourhood, and had shown a great inclination for Cynthia's society. WeBtwood was never tired of praising his good looks, his manly ways, his abilities, and his intelligence, and of cal culating openly, in his daughter's hear ing, the amount of wealth of whioh he was sure MacPhail was possessed. Cyn thia grew impatient of these praises before long. 'Dear fathor,' she said, taking his grizzled head between her hands one day and kissing it, ' I like your Mr. MacPhail very well, hut I shall get tired of him very soon if you are alwajrs praising him so muoh.' ' But you do like him, Oynthy ? ' said her fathor, turning round hastily. ' Oh, yes — I think that he is a very estimable young mau ! I know all his good points by heart, but I oan't say that I find him interesting !' to be concluded io-korbow.) 