OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. IntOM OCR OWN OOBRBSFOHDKNT.] Melbourne «till bat inoome tax on the tarais, but the weicht of oppression ha« been temporarily relieved. The «badow hat ahilted, and for the time being it hang« heavily over the camp of the Chief Com Mtjtioner, Mr. T. Prout Webb. Victoria, from the Cape Otway Dan to the Swan-hill Beenheba, ha« wrestled powerfully with those portentos« schedule«, and, after a fashion, ha* prevailed. They have been filled in eosithow, though the effort to do it intelli- gibly hoc nearly wrecked the reason of balf the.colony. Kow these victima rest from their labour«, and it is the Commissioner, with hi« »sautants, who are doing the wmtling in the endeavour to understand thon schedules, with the prospect that before they ure through hall of them will be redoc d to a condition of drivelling idiooy. In the latter days allowed by law torpor warding them the things came tumbling on the départirent in ton«. Nearly half a «?niton wero issued, and about 150,000 have been returned. Seventy sackatul wa« the' modest consignment in one delivery, and the " figurative" fiend, who ha* been at work on them' estimate« the whole at- about 50 ton« deadweight. He also calculâtes ' that, placed r-a end, they wonld ottetoh across the contiuenr, and in superficies would about cover the colony. The um total of the figure« used would «et «jp the " iuoreated circulation " artist of the Age for the next half year, and converted Into kltcS tbo paper would make more than wai flying about in boom time. All tbe aaantmeot« are to be cut by the 20th of this month, and then tbo ttouble will again beahifted on to the pnblio shoulders. It i«. estimated that half the schedules are from non-taxpayers, but from the other half then will be much Keeping, wailing, and gnashing of pink vulcanite. Economy, and still economy, ii the official order of the day, and State economy may be described M a scieuce, the art of whiih con- sists in «tripping Peter to s ive Paul. It's vaM very well io long a« you can regard the matter from the Pauline standpoint, but the Petorites perversely refuse to recognise it; a« a thing exquisitely beauti- ful and altogether lovely. Yet Mr. Premier Toner and his colleagues hold the uneven tenor of tbeir fccunomio way, and are proposing retrenchment after retrenchment with a recklessness that is disturbing even thon who first most loudly applauded, lest they too shonld bo found among the tor- mented. Ministers have reduced the Defence force, laid up two of the gunboat«, out down the cadet vote, and generally pro- pon to «ave between £20,000 and £30,000 in this direction. They have got some score of other frugalities uuder contemplation,' and among thein a proposal to abolish the convenient letter cord, for the rather anoma- lous nason that it is returning too much reven««. It goes for ljd., and they .ay it i« catting out the mon legiti- mate 2d. «tamped letter. Therefore, having been introduced asa public convenience toen courage and facilitate all briet correspondence it is to be ruthlessly eaoriticed on the altar of it« own «access. More (disquieting «till to thon directly interested ii the circular which ha* gone out to official heads asking them to famish a list of the men who can be dispensed within their respective '-departments. This is regarded as a -scandalous breach of good faith, intended -only to confound the saarcd distinction that should be maintained between 1'aul and Peter. It was tho Civil service and Railway vote in coalition with that of the Trades ball which turned Turnei into Premier, and all because Patterson proposed to atop increments and reduce member«. Turner declared he, would do neither, and tbey pulled down Patterson to pet Op Ms rival. Then Turner, first blandly asked them to forego, ai a favour, the £70,000 increuiout claim which Patter- son would hayu stopped as of right, and by way of «fnswer In manner mont decisively. Their feelings to disclose, They spread theil-Angora out, and placed Tbeir thumb unto their nose. Mr. Turner accepted his rebuff because he ' wa* then newly in the wddle. Hi* teat i* firmer now, and hi« action about the circu- lan, which is held to contemplate further dismissals, boa spread consternation among the frogs, who fear that they have orowned « king stork only that he may gobble them up. Decidedly, tbe position is not satis- factory for the Civil¿servaots-a« one of them explained to me by remarking-" My dear «ir, we all feel like the old gun« in the Domain saluting battery. We may be \- 'fired ' to-morrow or spiked at any moment a« unnecessary and obsolete." Another movement in the direction of ad- justing the finances promises a sensation, since it will probably result in the prosecu- tion of a promineot ex-M.L.A. for continu- ing to travel on bil gold pass. There are some men who, like that reuurrected Lazarus, Mr. Longmore, hare faded out of public recollection OB political factors, and who have yet coutrived lo keep themselves green in the memory of the railway porters by the use of their pass. Some time ago these and othen wbich should long «Ince have baen returned were called in by special notice, and the holders kept on never-minding. Then the Parlia- mentary deadheads in a double sense ware written to with no better effect. Next their name« were published, and «till some of them «tuck to the privilege a« though it wen one to be enjoyed in perpetuity. Now a prosecution ia threatened, which may, perhaps, bring the matter toa head. I «ty may, because Victorian experienoe ha« proved that prosecutioni for breaches of railway regulation« are greatly influenced by the personality of the offender. I remember when a surprise inspection of oorriages one morning resulted in the turning out of about 300 defaulter». It was anticipated that it would also result ia the ruoning-in of the mu, But among them wen parsons, tnagiatntee, ' City Councillor«, mighty mercintile magnates, and great «octal guns. One of them was travelling on a periodical metal which bad not been renewed for two yean. Yet their name« wen not even pabhtbed, and the «maller fry had at least the satisfaction of finding out that being caoght in suoh very distinguished bad company had proven their nlvation, It wee otherwise with two enterprising bookin who roped in tbe Minister of Rail- ways about a week ago, and got ticket* for the country by representing tbemaelvn a* unemployed miner* désirons to go prospect «"-.jj. So Uley were, but not in the sense understood, ahâ when » few day« later they took train with the intention of woikiog on a flat in the" vicinity of a _ racecourse they wen arrested, «nd got «¡x month«, the magistrate deplor- ing that be could not msko it bread and water. Thus ingenious euterprise is nipped in the bud, and prospecting is discouraged, while tbe parson »nd the politician defraud the revenue with impunity. I do remember as an incident of that general "ttiok up" of the train« above referred to, that at Richmond nae man could not find his ticket. He searched every pocket, but in vain, wh,Ue the porter stood impatiently with an incredulous «rio po hil face, a« he gave the detected culprit a 'last chance, "Why, what'« that between your teeth?" he in. quired, as his eye caught. the familiar looking piece of pasteboard. " That's it, by jingo. Why, wh»t a fool I am!' 'Ihe porter thought so too as be moved off, but so did not the passenger, who, to a remark upen this singular can of abfont-mindednei«, received the rispóme, " Hush ! It W«B a fortnight old, and I was chewing the date off." The tribulation in the Trades'-hall over the alight to which its members imagined they had been subjected through the assumed neglect of the Town Clerk to forward their president a ticket for the Hopetoun banquet has been turned into laughter at their own expense. It has been discovered that the ticket was sent on March 5, but that the excellent clerical management at the Trades-hall did not permit of it reaching the Presidents' hands till the 22nd, and in the meantime all the trouble had ensued. I met a Trades'-hall ghost a few days ago in the person of Mr. W. E. Murphy, but it was not the Murphy of the days when he, with Trenwith and Hancock, as the Finance and Control Committee of the great strike, did ride on the whirlwind, and direct the storm. The same cigar- butt was in his mouth, but the whole man looked seedy and shrunken. All his sleekness had disappeared, and " upon his brow the thunder-scars were graves." The nature of the offence which entailed upon him this exemplary expiation was never publicly known, but how severely it was visited may be gathered from one incident. Something went wrong with accounts at the end of the strike, and Mr. Murphy, who had for years till then been one of the most prominent pillars in the Trades'-hall, was dropped like a hot potato. A few weeks after a letter directed to W. E. Murphy, Esq., Trades'-hall etc., was delivered as thousands had been delivered before, and the next day it was returned to the carrier with the scathing endorsement, " Not known at this address". Speaking of the Trades'-hall reminds me of a grim joke recently perpetrated at the expense of the Eight Hour Pioneers. The Trades'-hall folk are preparing for their annual démonstration, which is to take place on the 22nd. Now the pioneers have long since ceased to pull in harmony with that august body, because they respectively represent the the old and the new unionism. But no eight-hour procession- would be complete without the pioneers, so they always make their own arrangement to be duly represented. With the lapse of years their members are thinning sadly, and when they met recently to arrange as usual, there was but a mere handful of the original members. Mr. Thos. Topping was chosen secretary, and after running over the death roll of the body, he concluded by saying that by way of finale he had received an offer to supply vehicular accommodation for the survivors in connection with the approaching demonstration from a prominent undertaker. The announcement was received with an explosion of laughter, and at last it was decided to inform the undertaker that if he would only call upon his prospective passengers he would find them all alive and kicking. The new woman of the Jtwlsh persuasion has «cored a distinct triumph during the week by climbing to the choral pedestal in the synagogue bttheitu occupied by tho men. Here, too, it hi« to be observed that the sarcasm will not apply about the new woman waiting till «be is .an old woman before troubling herself «bout re-orgauielog thing«, for in this matter it wa« the young women who were mott prominent. Far some time past there has been an agitation for the in- troduction of women'« voioes and organ musio into the service of the synagogue, at in America and many of the great European cities. The old guard have made a strong rtand against it a« being utterly opposed to Rsbbimcal tradition«, but it wa« at last resolved to accept the ionovations, subject to the approval of the chief Rabbi, the Rev. Dr. Abrahams. The result was that while he would havo nothing to sty to tbo " kist o' wlinstles " he aspitulated grace- fully to the ladies, and they jolucd with the male chorister» in the Passover srrvlce on Tuesday for, the ant time in thil oity. The long and accrlmonion* epistle ad- dressed by Mr. Turner to the South Aus- tralian Premier, containing his protest against the proposed reciprocal arranee ment between South Australia and New Zealand hat been much discussed during the week and generally condemned. It has made -the thoughtless laugh, but it has also made the judicious grieve. The prevailing opinion Is thtt for both «ide« the exchange« have been ill-considered, and that while each bon. gentleman has proved his capacity for «arcaitn, satin, and repartee, he has also proved that he is more fit to be the «langwhanging editor of an official Eatonsville gazette than the writer of serious State document« upon whioh may hinge the destinies of a great nation. With all Mr. Tomer's effected concern for Federation, the common conclusion ii that bl« lettel has done mon to obstruct it« consummation in the near futun than all the attack« of other false friend« and covert enemies put together. It ia another canot the politicians blocklog the way.snd io demonitrating that it rouit be cleared by the people, Electrio lighting ha« »trongly disturbed the cuito'mary calm of the City Connell re- cently. To this point the private lighting has been done by the private companin which introduced the illuminant, and; tbeir cables have been carried by the «treat pole« under control of the Council. Now it i« proposed to compel the companies, three in number, to remove tbeir cables, and to «apply the private consumers from the city plant a* a Corporation oommercial * venture. The companie« protest against this, and io far a* the removal of their cable« ii concerned BO a* to constitute a Corporation monopoly, they are supported by publie opiuion, but at Monday's meeting the Council deoided to go on with the supply scheme, and Melbourne consumers are thus to have the advantage of a ohoice between four rival competitors. PPOET OB TOBTDBS?-^uite roocntlyat a 1 ball given in the City of Pittsburg, amongst the attraction« of the evening wa« the prize i of a gold ring offered to the lady who »bouli outwaltz all competitor». At 12 o'clock the band «truck up " II Baclo," and a dozen competitors took their place« for the conteit. At the expiration of 20 minutes four of the couples gave way and took their «cats. At the end of an hoacjthere were only three couple« left, and at tbi termination of another 00 minutes another couple gave way f tom sheer exhaustion. This left two pairs of terpsi chorean devotees performing, and for three houn rrore they kept twirling and whirling in tbe giddy, intoxicating dance. At the end of the fourth hour the musicians grew feeble, whilst blood trickled from the finger ends of the violinist« ¡ but .still they kept supplying the moving power to keep the dancers going. After five hour* had elapsed 'one of the' ladies faint id, and amidstirantlc cheon the prize wa* awarded to the other couple who had " kept the flan," Then came the «urnming up of damage*. The two_ contesting girl« were nigher death than life, and bad to be con- veyed to their home* (together with their partner«, who were quite a« badly used up) m carriages ; the whole of them being for ?ome wet ka afterwards in a precarious con- dition and under medical treatment. The girls had to have the shoes out from tbeir feet, aud their limb« were «wollen to an enormous size. 'I he young men are hardly likely to recover, whilst the musicians suf- fered terribly, 'and express their determina- tion never again to play at a terpsiohorean contest.' 