\ COUSECHATIOH OF BISHOP : GALLAGHER. GREAT CEREMONY AT GOULBURN. THE BANQUET AND PRESENTATIONS. | (By Our Special Reporter.) I There was history making at Goulburn on Sun j day last. Prelates, priests, and people from all i parts of Australia gathered .within, the Cathedral of ] St. Peter and St. Paul to witness the consecration '?; of the Right Rev. Dr. John Gallagher as Coadjutor ; Bishop of Goulburn. Twist your fancy as you will — ! a pastoral symphony in purple, a f estivnl of niemo : ries, a poem in pageantry — and the home-raa«.le ' phrase cannot be bettered — ' a great day for Goul ? burn.' Public interest no less than religious sen timent was keenly touched in the succession of sacred ceremonies, beginning with the presentation of a popular priest to the consecrating Cardinal and ending with the blessing of a brilliant bishop. All things conspired to crown the occasion with the fairest graces of spiritual and spectacular complete' ness. The cathedral itself, imposing without and elegant within, was a fitting frame for the holy and happy scene in which Dr. Gallagher moved as the chief figure, and affection and art left nothing undone in surrounding - the rite of consecration with the elements of faith and felicity. It was a day large with responsibilities for the new prelate who had the mitre placed on his head, and the crook of the pastoral office committed to his ? hands — a day overflowing with consolations for ; those whose prayers followed the progress of the beautiful ritual, and whose hearts went out in the 'TeDeuni.' : RECEPTION OP THE PRELATES. ? i On Thursday afternoon the Cardinal, accom 1 panied by Dr. O'Haran, arrived and became the j guests of the Bishop, Right Rev. Dr. Lanigan. The ] Archbishops of Melbourne and Adelaide and a j large number of Bishops and clergy reached Goul ] burn by the afternoon train on Saturday, 6th. They j were met at the station by the Bishop and local j clergy and a procession of the school. children with I bannerets, the Guild and Hibernian societies in t regalia carrying the banner of fit. Michael's branch i of the Hibernian Society of Wagga Wagga. The . streets were lined with people, and the cortege, the : rear of which consisted of the prelates and clergy, I looked very imposing. Proceeding to Saints Peter ] and Paul's Cathedral, an address of welcome was I there read by Mr. Charles Gillespie, J.P., as I follows : — I ' To his Eminence Cardinal Mcran, their Graces i| the Archbishops an 1 their kordsbipi the Bishops of I Australasia* . ' Your Eminence — ¥e rejoice that an event in the history of the Church in this diocese has afforded us an opportunity of bidding your Eminence and their Lordships the Archbishops and Bishops of Australasia, a hearty * Cead Mille Failthe ' to the cathedral city of Goulburn. 'In the exalted position your Eminence occupies, we recognize the responsibility imposed upon ycii together with yaur other high duties of proclaiming with no uncertain sound the doctrines of the faith, and we, your spiritual children, rra proud to acknowledge that your learning and research, your keenness of argument and urbanity of speech have enabled you to uphold the character and teachings of the Catholic Church throughout Australasia. ' As ' Watchmen on the towers of Israel,' your Lordships, the Archbishops and Bishops of these colonies — eminent for vigilance over the peope under your charge — with you also, the duty is incumbent to advance the ' Faith once delivered to the saints.' ' Princes of the Christian Church ! the Catholics of the South feel confident the interests of the Church militant could not repose in better hands or be up held by more loyal hearts. ' We again, welcome you to Goulburn on the oc casion of another and honoured name being added to the bright Hierarchy of Australasia — one whose brilliant endowments. and fresh spirit will bring to the Episcopate a.U'M'-mal lustre, :n-i a strength courageous and ind-j. a. Lible as your o.vii. An event of so much interest will, together with your visit, long be remembered with gratitude to God by the Catholics of this Diocese, ' We humbly pray, therefore, that the blessings of the Holy Trinity may crown with success your labours to build up the Church of Christ in these great colonies. ' Soliciting the benediction of your Eminence, your Grace's the Archbishops, and your Lordships the Bishops of Australasia, ' Signed on behalf of the laity of the Diocese, Charles Gillesfib, Robert M'Killop, Goulburn, July 6th, 1895.' ' Copies of the address were then presented by Mr. Gillespie to the Cardinal, the Archbishops, and the visiting Bishops. The Cardinal thanked the laity for their address, and on behalf of himself and the visiting prelates expressed the pleasure they felt in assembling in Goulburn to take part in the joyful event of the following day — an event which must be full of joy to the venerable prelate who had ruled this diocese for so long, and who was reckoned as one of the veterans in tlie hierarchy of this colony. That he had won great triumphs for religion during his long episcopate was evidenced by the beautiful churches, the efficient schoola, and the religious houses to be ikrand scattered throughout the diocese, and lastly by that cathedral as the centre of all light and work in the diocese. The venerable prelate had been enabled to achieve this work by his love for his Qrod., for his religion, and for the country of his adoption. It was right that now in his advancing years he should obtain assist ance in carrying on the arduous work ; and it was only meet that it should be a subject of joy to this venerable prelate that the choice of coadjutor had fallen upon one imbued with the same love as himself, and it was hoped that for many years to come he would assist the venerable prelate in carrying out the v/ork the latter had so faithfully and so successfully begun. Australia wanted energetic men for the hierarchy of the future, and the priests of the diocese could not have chosen one more earnest or of greater ability than he to be consecrated to the hierarchy on to-morrow. It was meet also that the faithful followers of the Church should rejoice in having such a one to lead and guide them in spiritual things, and one well fitted to hand on the traditions of the See and to continue the work so well begun by its first occupant. The Cardinal again thanked the laity for their hearty welcome, and wished them every blessing in the future. \ Archbishop Carr, of Melbourne, also responded, and spoke of the omens that day called forth. It was a unique scene to witness so many of the hier archy and of the clergy, regular and secular, assembled to join in the auspicious event of the fol lowing day. There could be no stronger proof of the affection and veneration felt for him who had so wisely and faithfully filled the duties of Bishop of this See for many years, and of the esteem in which he who would on the following day be consecrated Coadjutor-Bishop was held. The procession that day also showed that the Catholics of Goulburn were imbued with a deep feeling of love for their Church and its ministers, and on behalf of the visitors he thanked them for that expres sion of deep Catholic feeling. This feeling was brought about by the past history of the Church, which told of the union that existed between the Bishop and people in the land which to many of them was the land of birth, of the per secution which both had endured on behalf of their religion ; and of the blood shed in its cause. It spoke in the present of the strength and energy to be found in the religion of the Catholics of this land, and gave confidence as to the future of the Church here, and emphasized the fact that the same sentiments existed here among Catholics as existed in the past in the old land. The feast of the following day was to give to the Church as a Coadjutor-Bishop a man learned in attainments, kind of heart, and well fitted to lighten the burden of governing this diocese, and thus prolong, it was hoped for many years, the life of the venerable prelate, the first Bishop of this diocese. In him (the Coadjutor) the priests would find a kind and tender friend, but at the same time a firm administrator ; and to the people he would be a true father in spiritual things. On behalf of the visiting prelates'^ (Dr. Carr) ex pressed their grateful appreciation of the hearty re ception they had received. THE CONSECRATION. The Cathedral on Sunday was crowded long before the ecclesiastical procession entered end Banner cross and cope tr learned through the incensed iulo. His Eminence the Cardinal- Archbishop came from Sydney to officiate as consecrator. The other prelates present were his Grace the Most Rev. Dr. Carr, Archbishop of Mel bourne ; his Grace the Most Rev. Dr. O'Reily, Archbishop of Adelaide; the Right Rev. Dr. Lanigan, Bishop of Goulburn ; the Right Rev. Dr. Murray, Bishop of Maitland ; the Right Rev. Dr. Higgins, Auxiliary-Bishop of Sydney; the Right Rev. Dr. Byrne, Bishop of Bathurst; the Right Rev. Dr. Moore, Bishop of Ballarat (Victoria) ; the Right Rev. Dr. Doyle, Bishop of Grafton ; the Right Rev. Dr. Dunne, Bishop of Wilcannia ; and the Right Rev. Dr. Corbett, Bishop of Sale (Victoria). There was a great assemblage of clergy. The diocese of Goulburn was represented by the Rev. H. M. Finnegan, Rev. M. Slattery, ReA. P. J. Donovan (Administrator of the Cathedral), Rev. Fathers M. O' Sullivan, D. Griff en, W. M'Grath, J. Lane- P. M'Alroy, James Kennedy, J. Gaffe}', T. O'Shaughnessy, J. Curley, E. J. Fallon, T. Gray, M. Buckley, Joseph Dwyer, Very Rev, Dr. Daly, Very Rev. Vincent Grogan (Superior of the Passionists), Rev. J. Fogarty, and the Very Rev. Dean O'Keefe. Diocese of Wilcannia : Very Rev. T. O'Connell (Cobar). Diocese of . Sydney : The Right Rev. Monsignor O'Brien, Rector- of St. John's (.University) College ; Monsignor Verdon, President of St. Patrick's Ecclesiastical College, Manly; the Very Rev. A. Boyle (Superior of the Vincentians), Very Rev. P. Treand (Superior of the Missionaries of the Sacred Heart), Very Rev. John Ryan, S.J. (Rector of St. Ignatius' College), Very Rev. Dr. O'Haran, Very Rev. P. Slattery, O.S.F.; Very Rev. P. LeRennetel, S.M. ; Rev. Father O'Connell, S.J. ; Rev. Father Henri, M.S.H. ; Rav. T. Long, Rev. Father Bunbury, Rev. Father D' Arcy (Burwood). Diocese of Melbourne : Rev.; Philip O'Doherty ? and 11: v. P. Phelan. Diocese of Ballarat : Very Rev. T. O'Farrell, C.SS.R. Diocese of Maitland : Very Rev. P. V. Dwyer, President of the Sacred Heart College ; and Rev. Fr. Cleary, C.SS.R. (Waratah). Diocese of Bathurst : The Very Rev. Fr. Byrne (President of St. Stanislaus' College) and the Rev. J Milne Cur ran, F.G.S. New Zealand : Rev. Fr. M'Kay. There were two 'strangers from afar' — the Very Rev. Gregory Callaghan, Provincial of the Passion ists, and the Very Rev. Prior Vaughan, of London. The Cardinal was the consecrator, with the Right Rev. Dr. Lanigan and the Right Rev. Dr. Murray as the assisting Bishops. Monsignor O'Brien and Monsignor Verdon were the chaplains to the Cardi nal; and the Very Rev. Dean O'lveeffe and the Very Rev. Vincent Dwyer were the chaplains to the assistant Bishops. The Bishop-Elect was attended by the two senior priests of the Diocese of Goulburn, the Rev. M. Slattery and the Rev. H. M. Finnegan. The Very Rev. Dr. Daly, of St. Patrick's College, read the Apostolic Mandate authorizing the Consecration, and the ceremonies were conducted by the Very Rev. Dr. O'Haran. The music, which was under the direction of Mr. K. M'Connell, the talented young organist, con sisted of the Ktjric and Agnus Dei from Hummel' s Mass, the Gloria and Credo from Haj'dn's First, and the Sanotus and Benediolus from Gounod's St. Cecilia Mass, At the Offertory Miss Archer, a young contralto from Sydney, sang Gounod's 'Ave Maria.' Miss M'Connell led the choir. During I the ceremonies Mr, M.'Connell played ScotsQn Clarke's 'Chorus of Angels,' and at the close Mr. August Wiegand's ' Marche Pontificate.' In the evening before Benediction Mr. J. T. Donovan sang Gounod's 'Nazareth.' SERMON BY BISHOP HIGGINS. At the conclusion of the Benediction ceremonies the Right Rev. Dr. Higgins, Auxiliary Bishop of Sydney, preached the sermon of the day from a rostrum erected in front of the sanctuary. ' All power is given to mo in Heaven and on earth ; go ye therefore and teach all nations. . And behold I am with you all days even to the consum mation of the world (Math. 28, 18). These worda are taken from the gospel according to St. Matthew, and contain our Divine Lord's parting charge to His Apostles. He had come to the close of His earthly mission undertaken 33 years before, for the redemp tion of mankind and inobedience to the will of His Father. He had accomplished every design that was involved in that scheme of divine mercy, re deemed every promise, and fulfilled every figure, by which it had been foreshadowed. 'He had preached His Gospel, called His disciples, founded his Church. He had sanctified that Church by the shedding of His precious blood and risen from the grave in testimony of the divine character of the ?work He had accomplished, and having spent forty days in forming and strengthening and perfecting all that had been thus achieved at the expense of so much labour and tears and blood, He comes to the last important moment of His life — His final separa tion from His brethren. And knowing that the work which he had begun should not end with His ascension into Heaven— that it should go on to the end of time, diffusing its light and scattering its blessings to all future generations— He proceeds to single out from His disciples those whom He had already chosen as the leaders of the movement which He had so lovingly inaugurated — the bearer3 of His standard, the heralds of His divine teaching, the future rulers of His Church : and in the exer cise of that plenitude of power received from His Father, He bestowed upon them that high warrant of authority in virtue of which they should con tinue through themselves and their successors to to preach His gospel to the end of time. ' All power is given to me. . . go teach all nations.' The high commission they conferred with such suggestive solemnity was duly ratified ten days subsequently on the great Feast of Pentecost, when the spirit of God descended upon the apostles in the form of tongues of fire, thus imparting to them that plenitude of grace and power which fitted them for their exalted office, and quickened their hearts with strength and courage to endure the labours and trials and heroic sacrifices which the prosecution of their future mission was destined to entail. Thus was the infant Church of Christ equipped and chartered and launched on that perilous course she has pursued so triumphantly for the past 1900 years, surmounting every obstacle, subduing every foe, repelling every assault of her enemies : until to-day her battalions are formed and her colours are flying in every land where there are minds to be illumined by the light of divine truth, and hearts to be won to the service of God. Oh, how mighty was the potentiality involved in these four words, ' Go teach all nations.' The message which they delivered was first taken up and obeyed by a few poor illiterate fishermen : and what did it convey ? It sounded a declaration of war against a world that was arrayed in all the fulness of pride and wealth and power, it assailed deep seated habits of life, that had become the recognized privileges of a lewd, self-indulgent age ; it pro claimed doctrines of religious truth and principles of moral conduct that we renew and startling and dia metrically opposed to the prevailing notions of sensual pleasure, and as a consequence it would rouse up the ans;er, hate, hostility of the most power ful nation that ever swayed the destinies of a people. Still that message went forth from the lips of the poor fishermen in all its force and clearness of ex pression. It was proclaimed in the busy streets of the great cities and at the lowly hamlets of the simple peasant. It resounded along the valleys and through the woodlands, over the plains and the mountain tops, drawing away the ignorant and the erring from their degrading habits of sin and super stition to replenish their immortal souls with the pure light and regenerating energy of God's eternal truth. When the first heralds of this truth were cut down by the sword of the persecutor new leaders sprang up to seize the standard of the Cross, as it dropped from their grasp, and carry it bravely before the world. And so the message of truth was borne on by the Church of Christ from generation to generation in obedience to the divine mandate. The jealousy of nations, the hostility of nations, the violence of unbridled pas sion, assailed her at every stage of her onward march, only to bring out in stronger relief the in destructible vitality with which she had beeu endowed. She was the accredited herald of Christ's truth to the nations of the world. And the con sciousness of this high commission, the virtue of those assuring words, ' I am with you all days,' the purity of her doctrines, the righteousness of her principles, the fire of her all-pervading charity, the fulness of her self- sacrificing devotion,, bore her up and heralded her on and carried her triumphant through every storm that has risen to check the progress of her mission or silence that message of truth and peace that she has been divinely charged to deliver to the world. Such she has been, such she is, and shall ever be. Never since the world began has there been witnessed anything like her ; so beauteous in her form, and so harmonious in all her parts ; so vast in her extensions; so compRctin the unity of her members ; so perfect in her consti tution, and so unchangeable in that enduring stability that stamps upon her brow the unmistak able mark of her divine origin. Yes, dear brethren, springing, from the lowliest beginning and con fronted by the mightiest opposition, she has been ever sustained by the strength of that God whose work she is. She stands before the world to-day full of life and vigour, as de- _ voted to her mission and as eager for new conquests as when Peter first unfurled the standard of Christ crucified in the streets; of Jerusalem on the day of Pentecost. Now, beloved brethren, all this should bring us not unnaturally to the consideration of the imposing ceremony which has just concluded, for in it we have a fresh deve lopment of that progressive activity to what I have been drawing your attention. By that ceremony a new sentinel has been placed on the watch-towers of Israel, a new leader has been chosen to carry the banner of God's Church and to guide her onward march of enlightenment in this new land ; and that that choice is pregnant with high hope and pro mise of future blessings, the thrill of joy -which its glad tidings lately sent through the length and breadth of this diocese sufficiently proclaim. When Moses of old felt the weight of his declining years and the weakness of his decreasing strength he ap pealed to the Lord for a helper to share with him. the burden of his office. The Lord answered him and said, 'Aaron the levite is thy brother. . . . Speak to him and put ray word's into his mouth, and I will be in thy mouth and in his mouth, and I will show you what you must do.' So too, dear brethren, when the venerable prelate, who came here 28 yearn ago, the bearer of God's message of grace and mercy, and love to you and to your Fathers, who firofc planted this vineyard of the Lord in your midst, and has since been engaged so assiduously in watching over its growth, fostering its strength, and perfecting its fulness of form, felt that the needs of that development which he had so ably directed called for an exercise of energy which a too-sensitive conscience, perhaps, did not hope to command, like the patriarch of old beguiled to the dictates of his fatherly solicitude for your spiritual welfare, and turned his eyes towards the apostolic see of Peter for the desired relief. The Holy Father, the spring of all spiritual authority in the Church, hearkens to the voice of his aged son calling for help and in due time the choice of Peter falls upon him whose virtue and learning, whose talent and culture, whose long and varied experience in missionary and scholastic work so eminently lit him for the exalted office. Accordingly the illustrious head of the Church in Australia comes here to-day the bearer of the Apostolic commission to this young priest to impose hands upon him and transmit to him his share of that message, ' Go teach all nations,' while not only his brother prelates from his own province but also the venerable metropolitan of Victoria, their Lordships of Ballarat and Sale, and many distinguished ecclesiastics from this and the neigh bouring dioceses and South Australia, lend the pres tige of their presence to the imposing ceremonial that they may join in your common joy, and swell that chorus of acclaim that will go out from this vast assembly to your newly- consecrated Coadjutor Bishop on this festive occasion. But there is in all this a deeper significance than any religious rite can adequately convey, for in the Church's Ritual there is no ceremony so solemnly suggestive and so far reaching in its effects as the consecration of a Bishop to her. On the day of his ordination the young pre late before you was raised to the dignity of the priesthood, he received a distinction of which the saints treat in language that must sound truly startling. St. Ignatius the martyr Rays that ' the paiesthood is the most sublime of all created dig nities' ; St. Chrysostom, that ' it should be num bered among the things of Heaven' ; and the Angel of the Schools that ' it is the greatest dignity that can be conferred on man or angel.' Now, the ex planation of this strange language is to be found in the nature of the power the priest received at his ordination, which theologians call hia jurisdiction over the natural and mystic body of Jesus Christ. In virtue of this poAver he participates in the eternal priesthood of the Son of God and exercises a most intimate control over His divine person. He takes bread into his hands in the celebration of the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass, and pronounces as he bends over it the mystic life-giving words of con secration, when immediately the heavens open and the Son of God descends from His throne of glory \- at the bidding of that priest's lips, to tako His place upon that altar aa truly ao He once lay an infant in ..the manger at Bethlehem or hung on the cross on .Calvary when He offered Himself a victim for the . sins of the world. He pronounces the words of absolution, 'I absolve you from your sins,' over the sin-stained soul of a duly-disposed penitent, and the judgment thus pronounced on earth io as fully ratified in heaven — that is, the marks of those sins are removed, that soul is restored to grace, reestab lished in the friendship of God, reinvested in all its lost right as a child of God, and an heir to the kingdom of heaven, and a result is achieved by the words of the priest of God which the accumulated merit vi all the angels and saints in heaven, and of all the men upon earth, could not attain, which even Mary the Mother of God and the Queen of Angels could not effect, for as St. Liguori has expressed it, ' though this divine Mother can pray for us and by her prayers obtain whatever ohe wishes, still she . cannot absolve the Christian from even the smallest ' sin.' Why ? Because the forgiving of the sins of man is a God- like work, an omnipotent power to be . : exercised only by Himself and by those to whom it \- may have been given in these words, ' whose sins you shall forgive they are forgiven.' Hence, dear brethren, the language oi the saints to which I have referred; hence St. Chrysostom's remarkable words, ?' A priest's life is a God-like life, and his profes sion an angelic profession.' Now, dear brethren, to this sublime dignity conferred on the young pre late on the day of his ordination nothing sublimer has been added to-day. Since God has nothing sublimer to bestow, and yet I say the ceremony you have just witnessed is possessed the most profound significance. When, the consecrating Cardinal Archbishop imposed hands upon and annotated his head and hands withholy chrism the Holy Spirit came , to perfect internally what had been symbolized by that external rite, and entering into his soul He fills it with the fulness of grace and imparts to him the ; plenitude of sacerdotal power which constitutes the Bishop the image and likeness of the ©ne true High Priest — ' that High Priest who has entered' with His blood into the eternal sanctuary and i& the Bishop and the Shepherd of our souls.' The sacerdotal character has become invested with a new potency — an inward spiritual energy— not inherent in the simple priest, in virtue of which the Bishop is empowered to transmit unto others what he has himself received, to perpetuate the apostolic [ succession in the Church of God, and thus to hand down from generation unto generation ' unto the consummation of the world,' the eternal priesthood of Jesus Christ. Oh, dear brethren, what a startling transformation has been invisibly effected before your eyes in this church' to-day and under the gaze of the admiring angelic choir ! . The newly consecrated Bishop has been made the recipient of a divine power which enabled him, in the advance ment of the salvation of souls, to do what God and His bishops can do, to take the young levite aside and by imposing hands upon hint to invest him ?with power and authority to call down Jesus Christ from. Heaven, to offer Him in sacrifice for the glory of His Father, and in . the expiation of the sins of men — to assume such awful familiarity with his God as to take Him in his hands and administer Him to the faithful, to enclose Him in the darkness of the tabernacle or carry nim to the bedside of the dying, becoming thus the guardian and companion of his God; and this to ?the end of time. By the solemn rite thus concluded the young prelate is empowered to' take the young Levite aside, and by laying hands upon him to infuse into his soul that spiritual power which first entered the hearts of the Apostles^ when their Divine Master breathed upon them and said, ' Receive ye the Holy Ghost- ; whose sins ye shall forgive they are forgiven.' When Our Saviour pardoned the sins of the paralytic the event seemed so- wonderful to the incredulous Jews that they cried out in amazement, ' Who can forgive sin but. God^ alone?' In this they -were correct ; for the forgiveness of sin is the exercise of an omnipotent i power, which belongs to God alone. But while' being His divine right and preBtige, He has conde- ? scended to delegate that power to the Bishops of i His Church for themselves and for those to whom they may decide to transmit it, in virtue of which they: can remove from the heart of the repentant sinner all the consequences of his rebellion against his Creator. Yes, as even Jesus Christ removed the sins of penitent Magdalen in the house of the Pharisee. And it is the bestowal of authority to transmit twofold this power to others which forms the most solemn significance of this; day's impressive ceremonial. In all this, dear brethren, I am touching only on the, fringe of the sacred function enacted before you to-day, To understand the true spiritual character of the; mysterious event we shall never, be able here below, for it is of Heaven and shall be duly appreci ated by us only when the light of God's beatific, vision reveals it to us in the Kingdom of His glory to come. But, dear brethren, there are other powers and responsibilities piled up on the shoul ders of the young Bishop to-day, which claim a passing reference. He is made a master and a ruler in Israel to defend the Church's rights and privi leges and to provide for the spiritual wants of her children. He alone consecrates the Holy Oils which are the symbol of the vivifying energy im parted to the souls of the faithful through the operation of the Sacraments, which anoint the breast and shoulders of the neophyte on his entry into the Church, and that seals his forehead with the sign of salvation in the strengthening sacrament of Con firmation. That Holy Oil which consecrates the hands of the priest that they may be for ever pure^and unsullied for the sublime sacrifice of the Lamb -without spot at the altar of the Most High, which consecrates the head of the Bishop to symbolize the authority and dignity of his new office as king and ruler of Christ's people in his diocese — to symbolize that balsam of divine charity which must always quicken his heart as father of his flock ; for St. Gregory tells us that ' oil on the head is love in the mind, which sanctifies our altars and ehurches and other vessels and dedicates them in separably to the service of God ; which anoints the ears and the eyes and the limbs of the dying members of the flock, and imparts to them a spiritual streagth to bear up under the weight of life's closing infirmities, and to look confidently to a merciful Judge for that reward which await3 a well-spent life beyond the grave. The bishop is the sontincl on the watch-towers of the Church to guard her divine deposit of the faith. He is tho witness untc her truth, the expounder of her teach ing, the interpreter of her laws to those within the limits of his jurisdiction. It will become his duty to feed the sheep of his flock with the pure un adulterated food of the words of truth, and to shield them against the seductions of false teaching and the corruption of those dangers, principles, wild theories of social reform that appeal to the sympa thies of the restless, the unthinking, and the tur bulent of every age. He must watch with the keen eye and the anxious heart of the goad shep herd for the advance of any such threatening dan ger, Yes, and defend his flock from the onslaught even with the sacrifice of his life, if need be, as the purple of his episcopal robes is intended to remind him ; for ' the good, shepherd giveth his life for his sheep.' He is the source of all ecclesiastical authority in his diocese, legislative, directive, judical and punitive. Hence he guidas the steps of tho wandering, corrects the ways of the erring ; he visits with due chastisement the disobedience of the wayward, and should the painful necessity arise he cuts off the contumacious from communion with the fold lest the one diseased sheep should contami nate the rest of the flock. In obedience to that oath which he has just registered before high Heaven he must always recognize the poor and the aged, and the sorrow-stricken. The poor and the aged and the sorrow-stricken must always form a special portion of the in heritance which has come to him from his Divine Master, and to them the sympathy of his heart must always go out in unstinted measure. Their wants, temporal as well as spiritual, must always find in him a devoted advocate, being, as they are, the chosen objects of the. charity of Christ, to whom the glad tidings of the Gospel were first preached, and the love of His sacred heart were most strikingly displayed. But the choicest object of his fatherly care will be the lambs of the flock — those tender docile little ones whose pure, bright, sinless souls are so pleasing before His all-seeing eye. In no department of his episcopal charge Jwill there be a wider field for the exercise of hie vigilance and active zeal, a more serious responsi bility to sustain. He will recognize in them the men and the women oil the future — the hope of God's Church the mainstay of society, the heirs of. God's heavenly kingdom— and in an age when the trend of public opinion so favours the divorce of the religious and the secular element in the education, of youth, in an age when the working of that mis taken policy is producing results that must be fraught with danger to the best interests of reli gious and social order, the Bishop must make the child and the school the rallying cry of his most strenuous efforts, and the goal of his highest pas toral aims. He must strive in season and out of season, and at the cost of every personal and pecuniary sacrifice to secure for his little ones the blessing of that religious education that will train them up in the knowledge of religious truth, the profession of religious principles, the practice of Christian virtue, the fulfilment of those Christian duties that will bring them up good, law-abiding citizens, so that becoming virtuous, God-fearing members of his flock in this life, they, may form so many titles to his crown of glory in the next. Now, in all this I am merely touching on the fringe of what is meant by the consecration of a bishop ; but I have said it to remind you of the high place to which your Coadjuter-Bi6hop has been lifted this morning — a position of respon sibility, of honour and dignity — a position which will be the spring of untold blessings to you that should command your reverential love, and call forth the full measure of your obedience, ' Obey your prelates and be subject to them,' But that all this plenitude of power and witness oj gifts and height of dignity might avail unto : the practical attainment of the great ends for which they have been given, something more is needed. At the opening of the ceremony just concluded, when the prelate-elect was presented by his sponsors as an applicant for Consecration, the officiatiitr ''firdinnl-A.rchbishop put the significant question, '? azJoetis Mandatum Apostolioum ?'?,-(' Have you got the Apostolic Man date?') — and it was only on the solemn assurance that the high sanction of the Holy Father had been obtained that he presumed to raise him so presented to the episcopal dignity. Now, all this should serva to remind us of what it will be interesting to recall, namely, that in addition to the plenitude of sacer dotal power conferred in the Sacrament of Orders there must also be the Apostolic authority to use that power. There must be that sending forth to teach first conferred in these words, ' Go ye and teach all nations,' which can come alone from the authoritative voice of Peter's successor in the Apos tolic See. When these words were first addressed by Christ to His Apostles, He created them univer sal bishops, ?with the power to preach His gospel in every clime, to found sees, and to appoint bishops thereto. With this all-important provision, that the bishops so appointed should be under tho jurisdic tion, of Peter. Now, this was a power confined rigidly to the Apostles, and hence when they passed away it did not descend to their successors, but became concentred in the Apostolic See, so that the successors of Peter in that See since then have enjoyed the exclusive right to appoint Bishops, erect Sees, and confer that fulness of jurisdiction which authorizes the feeding of the sheep of Christ throughout the world. Hence that marvellous unity of the Church by which her most distant outposts are bound to her centre by the closest bonds of obedience, sympathy, and love, constituting as it always has her life and her glory, the admiration of her friends and the despair of her enemies, the firmest bulwark of her enduring strength against which the gates of hell shall never prevail. The Sovereign Pontiff then, as Vicar of Christ and successor of Peter, and Supreme Head of God's Church, is the spring of all her power and authority. The domain of his jurisdiction embraces the whole world and without its pale there is no communion with the Church of Christ, no participation in the treasures of her sacramental grace, no fellowship with the saints. Hence, no matter what may be the personal merits of the young prelate, plenitude of the sacramental power conferred, he can exercise none of his episcopal functions until the keeper of the keys of the kingdom of Christ defines the limits of such exercise by assigning a flock to guide and a diocese to rule. Hence it comes that in the Aposto lic Brief just read as the warrant of his consecration he is not appointed to the diocese of Goulburn, which still, happily enjoys its own venerable ruler, but to a vacant diocese in the distant land of Asia Minor, with this important provision, that while titular ruler of that distant see he will bo permitted to give the benefit of his services to the aged prelate who has sought the aid of his supporting hand. His appointment comes from God, through the voice of His representative on earth. It comes from no king or commonwealth.' It is the Holy Ghost who has placed the Bishop to rule — according to the words of St. Paul — and to rule the Church of God within the limits of his jurisdiction. In the exercise of that rule he owes no account to any earthly superior. He takes no cognizance of popu lar blame or favour, and looks forward to no earthly reward. The guiding principle of his actions must ever be the glory of God and the spiritual interests of the flock committed to his eare, and while the golden rule of charity laid down by St. Paul must ever bind him. to be 'all to all to gain all,' the day on which he should allow any earthly consideration to shape his conduct in the discharge of his sacred trust, or damp the courage with which he will keep God and duty high above the influence of flesh and blood, on that day he should cease to be the faithful shepherd. No wonder then that the saints of God have shrunk in every age from the weight of a burden which, as St. Augustine tells us, the shoulders of angels should hesitate to assume. No wonder that they craved with whole-souled earnestness to be spared a responsibility that in volved so many dangers to their eternal salvation, and that they were dragged from their hiding places by the imperative call of that voice which must ever speak with the authority of God. A keen sense of their own un worthiness enabled them to realize more fully the binding force of the obligations they were called upon to assume in guiding the sheep of Christ on their way to heaven. They foresaw that upon their fidelity should depend the salvation of others, and that if through any fault of theirs, through any weakness of virtue, any deficiency of knowledge,. any coldness of zeal, any abatement of generous self-sacrifice, a sheep of the flock should become lost to Him who had purchased that sheep with His precious blood, an account of that loss should be rigidly demanded on the gaeat reckoning day. Now, in all this they were only taking that forecast of the future which their superior intelli gence enabled them to do, and if to-day the young prelate, who sits enthroned before you, allo \vs his thoughts to travel from the imposing spectacle around to the contemplation of the distant future, and if in seeking to read that future— in detecting the endless labour, the harrowing care, the sleepless nights, the^bitter heartburning which may lie be hind the plaudits of approving friends, he feels his courage fail and' his heart grow faint, he only gives another proof of his fitness for the position to which he has been raised. But I shall venture to say he has much to inspire hope. He has in the first place the call of Him who has said ' You have not choBen me, but I have chosen you. and appointed you that you should go and bring forth fruit, and your fruit shall remain' — who needs the aid of no human power to attain his divine pur poses ; and if a wholesome spirit of humanity ahould still suggest thoughts of personal unfitnesa, it should remind him that he is the successor of the poor fishermen who had no learning save the know ledge of Christ crucified. No gold or silver, or ought save their trust in Him, who strengthened them and who is the same yesterday, to-day, and for ever. He will have, and I trust for many long _ years to come, the matured wisdom arid varied experience of him to whom I have already referred as accepting 28 years ago the Apostolic Mandate to found this exten sive Diocese, and who has succeeded in form ing out of the few scattered fragments which awaited his arrival this smiling garden in the vineyard of the Lord. He will have the order and peace s« happily reigning within its limits, and the faith and piety of a believing people whose generous hearts will prove so fruitful a soil for the exercise of his ministrations, He will hare the many ecclesi astical institutions that dot the fair face of this Dio cese — its noble Cathedral in which we are assem bled, its Diocesan college, its 50, churches,! (its 48 Catholic schools, its 21 convents of teaching Sisters, its 3 houses of teaching Brothers, its 2 orphanages for the fatherless little ones, and its beautiful monastery at Mount St. Maiy's — all raised up as if by the. enchanter's, wand during these 28 years, and now ready at his hand as so many agencies of good to serve him in continuing and spreading that diffu sion of light arid truth anel grace he finds in such active operation. He is fortified by the esteem and goodwill of his brother Bishops, who are here to-day to evince by their presence how cordially they appraise the selection of the Holy See, and rejoice with you that that selection has received the high seal of the Spirit of God in his solemn consecration. He is sup ported by the confidence and sterling friendship of his own. priests whose choice he is, and who have the more reason to rejoice to-day, since as the witnesses of his priestly life and zealous labours, they can best gauge the blessings that are destined t© come to you and to them from his future minis trations. And shall I not say that a large measure of consolation and sustaining hope will come to him from the reverential love and filial attachment of you, the faithful people of this Diocese, to whose heart the young prelate has long since won its way by that gentleness of word, generosity of. action, warmth of heart, and fulness of sympathy, that have marked his every relation with you. I say, then, the young prelate has to-day much to give courage, hope, and consolation. But that consola tion will not be all his own. It will be shared in by many. By the venerable Bishop who receives as a helpmate a son so intimately known, so highly valued, and so implicitly trusted, a son whose large experience and brilliant talents so fit him to assume his share of the duties which are awaiting him. It is shared in by the Bishops of Aus tralia, who rejoice to. receive into their ranks and welcome to their council-table one whose learn ing and prudence will lend help to their delibera tions, and whose high scholarly attainments must prove so valuable in those polemical encounters in which the Church is sometimes foroed to engage in defence of religious and historic truth. And, need I add, the priests and people of Goulburn will rejoice in a measure most of all, for to you he is given in a - special sense as the bearer of many a spiritual bless ing. You have had his life before you for the pRst 25 years as the zealous priest, the cultured scholar, the kind, gentle, trusted friend. You had him guiding the destinies of your diocesan college for many 'years and with marked success. You had him filling the role of the typical pastor among the good people of Wagga, where his singlemindedness, sincerity, and devotion to duty have inscribed a re cord that shall not be soon effaced. And again, when the interest of higher education in this diocese Galled for the sacrifice you have him in the exercise of a generosity as rare as it was magnanimous re suming the charge of your diocesan college and proving by the rapid revival of prosperity that the master-hand of the old educationist had not lost its cunning. Now, in view of all this, in view of the gifts of mind, and heart and soul of -which it gives evidence, it would be j idle in me to say as to the treasure which this day brings to the Catholics of Goulburn in the person of their young Coadjutor- Bishop. But this much I must say, that no brilliancy of reputation, no well assured hope of future success can relieve you of the duty which you owe in . the duty to offer your fervent prayers before the Throne of God in his behalf, that Heaven's choicest gifts may descend upon him, that the love oi the Father may come in ample measure into his soul, that the grace ;!of the Son may sanctify him and give him strengthito sus tain the heavy burden of his office, that the light of the Holy Ghost may illumine his mind with its brightest rays and guide his footsteps along the rugged highway that lies before him, so safely, so righteously, and so well, that the episcopaoy so ampiciously begun to-day may realize all the hopes of future blesuing which are so confidently hoped for his administration, may prove for you, his faith ful flock, and for him a source of choicest .heavenly blessings here and the harbinger of everlasting hap piness hereafter. After' Mass the new Bishop was besieged by friends anxious to offer their congratulations. Men, women, and children crowded round, to kiss his ring and to receive his episcopal blessing. The clergy were the most fervent in their congratula tions. ' the banquet. ^;;; Flowers, flags, and foliage quite transformed the usually austere boys' schoolroom, adjoining the cathedral, into a bright banquet-hall. The ? tables were prepared in a style which may best be de scribed as .' regardless of expense' by the Sisters ;of Mercy, Mrs. M'Killop, Mrs. Gillespie, and Mrs; De Lauret. The professional waiter, with his seedy suit of black, his decayed smile, and his splendid stupidity, enjoyed the sweet oblivion of 'a Sunday off,' the ladies, with a number of fair assistants, attending to the large company with artistic as siduity. His Lordship the Right Rev. Dr. Lanigan occupied the chair, having on his right the Cardinal Archbishop of Sydney, the Archbishop of Mel bourne, and Bishop Gallagher, whose faceyvyas a sunburst of pleasure, set-ofl by a banneret back ground of green satin; and on his left, the Archbishop of Adelaide, the Bishop of Mait land, and the Bishop of Ballarat. Seated .at the principal table also were the Bishop of Bathurst, the Assistant-Bishop of Sydney, the Bishop of Sale, the Bishop of Wilcannia, and the Bishop of Grafton, the Very Rev. Prior Vaughan, Mr. H. O'Brien (Mayor of Goulburn), Mr. G. Cole man (.Mayor of Wagga Wagga),*the Hon; Thomas Dalton, K.C.S.G., M.L.C., Mr. James Gormly, M.P., and Mr. F. Meyer. Besides the clergy already mentioned in our report of the cathedral ceremonies there were present Mr. G. Rogers, Dr. M'Killop, Mr. C. Gillespie, Alderman M'AUister, Alderman M'Shane, Mr. W. R. Riley, Mr. John Walsh, Mr. M. Coen (ex-Mayor of Yass), Mr. P. J. Donnelly (Gundaroo), Mr. T. Hetherton (Narrandera), Mr. T. Morrin (Junee), Mr. J. Burke, jun. (Murrurabur rah), and Mr. Mooney (Cootamundra). Sydney was represented by Mr. J. J. Spruson (Registrar of Copyrights), Mr. P. T. Riley, Mr. J. Blakeney, and Mr. J. T. Donovan. Wagsa Wagga had its own contingent in Messrs. P. Moran, W. B. Loughran, J. E. Maloney, W. M. J. Walsh, T. J. Foley, Isidore Rudd, M. A. Ferry, and P. Heffernan. The ex-students of St. Patrick's took possession of the end of the banquet-room, in which the applause was started during the speech i making and the applause prolonged. Among 'other ' old boys' of St. Patrick's the Freeman reporter noticed F, B,renna,n, m.A. (solicitor),!1, P. Malony, ?BrAx- (solicitor),- 'W. -Mv- J. Walsh (solicitor^ C\ Frazer (solicitor), A. M'Evilly, B.A. (solicitor), Ulrio M'Eyiily, B.A., P. K.:: White ((barri8terat law), LTJ: O'Neill (solicitor, Burrowaj; F. Rudd (' Wagingoberimbee,' Wagga), W'. Monks(Wagga), John Dwyer, and Thos. Arnagan (squatter, Ade long)- : . THE SPEECHES* 'Bishop Lanigan. in proposing the first toast, that of Me i Holiness Pope Leo, said : The occasion which makes this day so remarkable in Goulburn directs our attention to the most singular position in the world. Our divine Lord built His church on a rock,- He has made that rock permanent, by His divine power. Peter and his successors are that rock. The present successor, Leo XIII., shows to the world the Church of Christ. In every country of the world are found Catholic congregations whose faith is one because it is one with the Head. The sacred scriptures, in the hands of all Catholics, is God's Word, teaching all the same faith, because rightly understood it must be in harmony with the defined doctrines of faith. The Pope writes to the rulers of nations and they consider his words, for his position entitles him to write; He instructs the people of the world. The Catholics receive them as the words of a divinely-authorized teacher, and all must respect them because they are just and rational, and for the peace and good of social order. I then ask you to wish health and success to the glorious Pontiff Leo XIII. (Cheers,) In submitting the toast of the Queen his Lordship said: Religious duty brings us into relation with temporal rulers. Christian principles necessarily enter into the relations of man with man, and so are closely connected with social order, and are its best security. At the head of our social order stands Queen Victoria, and under our free institu tions we have no reason to complain. (Cheers.) If we have any.it does not come from our Queen ; it comes from those who administer our free institu tions or from ourselves. During her long reign her life appears to be worthy of a Queen. I then ask you to wish health and- happiness to our glorious Queen Victoria. (Applause.) The next toast, his Eminence the Cardinal, was also proposed by Dr. Lanigan, who said : We are all glad to-day, having amongst us one holding a place in the highest rank in the hierarchy, and he is worthy of it. Those who made the so-called Reformation in England in the sixteenth century have had historians who have not given us true history. Of all men living there is not one who has done so much to throw off the shadow and give us the facts from every reliable source. He is doing the same at the present time, and I ask you to wish him health and length of years to contend for justice and for truth. (Cheers.) THE CARDINAL. His Eminence, who, as he rose to reply, was en thusiastically applauded, returned thanks, saying that he gave them his assurance that it was to him, as he was confident it was to his brother prelates, a pleasure and a privilege to be associated with them in that grand day's ceremonial. (Applause.) They all rejoiced in the joy of the venerable prelate who presided on that occasion— one whom.they regarded as a veteran of the hierarchy, who was not only to those of his own diocese but to all throughout Aus tralia a model and a guide. (Cheers.) If they were asked to point to the works which he had ac 'omplished they had only to look around in order to ? see the ? evidence of his activity in the form of flourishing institutions, educational and religious, that studded this fair diocese (applause), and at the name time they would find union and concord per vading throughout every class in that diocese. (Ap plause.) He would say that while rejoicing with the venerated prelate he could still further rejoice with the clergy. ,:A bishop no doubt could achieve great things ; but without a devoted clergy his labours would be for the most part in vain. (Ap plause.) Under the guidance of Dr. Lanigan the clergy under him were indeed a model to all others. Associated too in these rejoicings wore the faithful who had so grand and zealous a prelate assigned to them to assist their Bishop in carrying his work to greater perfection. (Loud applause. He feared he would trespass on their patience if he said all he felt ';' but he asked to be allowed to propose one toast, and he considered he had a claim to this pri vilege, inasmuch as he had had a voice in imposing -he burden laid that morning on the shoulders of Dr. Gallagher. (Laughter and applause.) ' The whole of Dr. Gallagher's missionary course through every grade of hiss sacred of lice was before them. They . had rejoiced in his work and shared the fruits of his labour, his zeal, and his ability. (Applause.) Like St. Columbkille, called the Dove of the Church, who diffused around him the spirit of love, who as a great missionary took his place amongst the people of the Highlands of Scotland, where, owing to his labours, he had become so identified with church work as to be even at the present day — after more than a thousand years — the patron saint of the Highlands; like St. Columbkille too, whose love for his native land never allowed itself to die out, no matter though his mis sionary labours called him to other fields. Dr. Gal ? lagher waSj to his mind, a perfect model of the great Irish saint. (Loud applause.) He (the Cardinal) was satisfied that Dr. Gallagher, would so well sus tain their present prelate that to him would be given another twenty-eight years' rule of this diocese, and when that second term had been fulfilled, then Dr. Lanigan would have his permission to go to heaven. (Laughter and applausp.) lie did, not know of any land which had a stronger claim on the love of those who made it their home than this fair land of Aus tralia (applausQ), and in a new country suoh as this they required all that was happy, cheering, and bright to plant here, and he trusted that everything of a vicious character, everything calculated to create discord or disunion, would be left in olden lands. (Applause.) . He was not unmindful of the fact that many of those whom he was addressing had come from the land of the West which was still dear to themVall, and he did not think: they would be worthy children of St. Columbkille unless they com bined with love of their adopted country attachment to the land of their birth; (Applause.) The old land had indeed undergone many trials, but the spirit of justice, of virtue, and of liberty had never been destroyed, and this spirit had been wafted by angels to Australia to spread blessings around on every side. (Applause.) He wished Dr. Gallagher and their worthy prelate, Dr. Lanigan, ad inultos annos. He was sure the Bishops, clergy, and faithful would have no cause to regret the choice of that day which had given them so grand, so devoted, and so zealous a pastor to guide their footsteps in the path that leads to Paradise. (Loud applauseO bishop gallaoher's refl*. Bishop Gallagher, who was received with pro-; 'longed (cheering,' said. :— Your Eminence, Mostliev.l and Rev. Fathers, arid gentlemen,— In what terms: can I sufficiently .thank you for the eloquent but too flattering words in which the sentiment of my health has been proposed by his Eminence, and for the enthusiasm with which it has been received by this distinguished assembly ? Great, indeed, is the honour done to our venerable Bishop, and to the priests and people of the diocese, of Goulburn, through this sacred ceremony in which I play no inconsiderable part. (Applause and laughter.) It is an honour and a privilege of, which the : memory will last while the youngest of us lives, and of which, for their sakea, I personally feel exceedingly proud. (Applause.) The consecrator is a prince of the Church who, a born ruler of naen, towers head and lofty shoulders, not merely by his exalted dignity, but by his life of unceasing labour, and. noble gifts of head and heart, above all the leaders of the colony. (Cheers.) His assistants are two prelates whose friendship for me, long and tried and true, should not prevent me from saying that which I think, that their names shall live in their virtues and works when most of us are forgotten, like those of Hilary, of Poitiers, or Virgilius of Salzburg, or Boniface of Mayence, as the founders of two of the most illus trious Sees of our fair Southern land. (Cheers.) Then, coming from afar, the Archbishop of Mel bourne, friend and patron of my youth (cheers), idol of his own people, loved and esteemed by all who can admire great talents wedded to great virtues, whose learning, whose eloquent defence of our holy Faith, and whose greatpersonalinfluence derived from works and worth recall, even in the mediocrity of our times, the firat glories of the early Church. (Cheers.) From Adelaide comes a prelate, already the founder of a new See, on whose shoulders, younger than my own, has been placed; with the pallium, not only the burden of a diocese that would require the shoulders of an Atlas to bear (applause), but the surveillance of an ecclesiastical province which means the half of Australia. (Applause.) .Around us at this festive board are the suffragan Bishops, not of one, but of three provinces, each the centre of a hive of busy workers building up the city of God spiritually and materially. 0 for tunaii quorum jam moenia sorgunt — whose works, already the possession of the historian, are synony mous with the annals of their progressive Sees. (Applause.) To them and to those distinguished clergy and laymen, on behalf of our venerable Bishop and his priests and people, I, as their spokes man at least for the present occasion, return our sincerest thanks, and assure them that they have by their presence here to-day placed us under obliga tions which shall never be forgotten, though they can never be repaid. (Cheers.) And now, your Eminence, my Lords, and gentlemen, perhaps I shall stop here ; and allow those who can really instruct and delight us an opportunity of speaking. How ever, I can hardly refuse myself the pleasure — though it be a pain to you — of giving expression to at least one of the many thoughts with which one's heart is full on an occasion like the present. There is no danger for our holy faith in this new land, if only we all— Bishops, priests, and people — strive, each in his own sphere and according to the measure of his gifts, to improve the talents entrusted to his care. (Applause.) The Catholic Faith ia a plant which, if I be allowed the expres sion, seems to suit the climate and take kindly to the soil of Australia Sacrifices indeed she is called upon to make ; but they do not seem to over tax her strength. Trials she has in plenty. But she' appears only to .thrive under them the more. (Applause.) Sometimes a cloud of calumny and outrage passes over her. But it serves only to bring out her truth and beauty in more effective colours — | in light more brilliant than before. Bigotry has not altogether disappeared, as we can see any morn ing in the papers. ' (Hear, hear.) But the wavelets of hostility and prejudice grow fainter and feebler in their receding curves as the years roll on. (Ap plause.) Statesmen admit her conserving influence and good men admire her zeal. The laws, with per haps a few well-known exceptions, conceived in a spirit of fair play, while securing the rights of all, leave her free to pursue her special task of pro claiming the truths of God and saving the souls, of men. Gradual extinction of dogmatic faith must in deed be the necessary result of shutting out religion fron the education of the young. But she will make in' the future a more determined effort than she has done even in the past to save her own children in her own schools. And earnest souls who live not on bread alone, who yearn after higher than earthly things and conquests nobler than those of matter, will seek in ever-increasing numbers, a refuge in the bosom of the grand old Mother Church, which alone unchanged and unchangeable amidst all the revolu tions of society, and all the variations of human thought, upholds the cause of God, reveals to man his true destiny, and satisfies all the aspirations of his soul. (Cheers.) Trustiug for her strength to the divine promises alone — paying to Coesar that which is his due, asking nothing from him but to be left alone, glorying only in the willing subjection and loving loj'alty of her children, she extends her influence, she on i-'i:l;ues her -pow- ??. (Cheer*.) Her institutions ri^o up apace. Like the valiant woman of the sacred narrative, she hath, even in tin'?, her own fair country, looked well to the paths of her house and hath not eaten her bread in idle ness ; therefore her children rise up and call her blessed. In a word, blending the calm wisdom of matured experience and the subdued enthusiasm of conscious strength with the elan and dash and mag nificent spirit of self- sacrifice which are the glorious privilege of youth, she goes forth — vera incessu paluit dea. — Grace in all her steps, heaven in her eyes, In every gesture dignity aud love, : as she has gone into so many regions before,! to achieve her latest conquest, to lead captive to the obedience . of her faith and the practice 'of her laws the heart and the intellect of this young and promising and happy land. (Cheers.) This bringe me to the point to which I have been coming. Under its now somewhat altered circum stances the Diocese of Goulburn will not fail to take, I hope, its accustomed place in the onward march of progress, when acontinuator — another Bollandist — takes up the thread of our history where your Eminence has loft off (cheers), and records the pro gress of another century, it is my hope and prayer that the next chapter devoted to Goulburn in that continued history will not be out of harmony with the chapter which is already there — (cheers) — that the continuity of good work shall not be broken— that ' Qualis ab incepto'- shall be the motto still. (Cheers.; Unless His coadjutor be very unworthy, my conviction is that, in the future as in the past, the people will rally round their priests, and the priests will be bound in closest Union with their Bishop. (Cheers.) Arid BishopV-rl mean our grand old Bishop, Dr. Lanigan— (cheers)— prie'ste,- and people will vie in holy emulation with thoae bishops, priests and people of the other Sees who spur us on, but arouse not our jealousy by their great good works. And all of us will continue to build up. on foundations broad and deep and strong — each his own allotted portion of the grand Australasian Church, bound as we are and ever shall he, not merely by the dutiful bonds of obedi ence, subjection, and faith, but by the warmest af fections of our hearts, . in due subordination of dignity and of power, through your Eminence^ tc the glorious Pontiff whose wisdom guides and whose skilled hand steers so successfully the barque of Peter amid the storms and tempests of the present times. (Prolonged cheers.) ! An invitation to cordially honour the toast of the Archbishops and Bishops was warmly responded to. ? Archbishop Carr said he would be very brief in his reply as he would be called upon to speak again1 later. He wished, however} to say that every time' he had come to Goulburn he found his visit most agreeable, and the ceremony of that day was one which caused him to rejoice exceedingly. (Ap plause.) :::..'. ' Archbishop O'Reiiy replied. for the rest of the Bishops. Referring to Dr. Gallagher, fee said that by his elevation to the episcopacy the illustrious college of Maynpoth had had another illustrious name added to its already illustrious list. ?',; ,. Dr. Lanigan in proposing the Priests both Secular and Regular, said he held the Goulburn priests above all others (applause and laughter), and would ask Father Finnegan as the oldest priest to reply. ' Father Finnegan returned thanks for that his Eminence and the Bishops had consulted the wishes of the people in giving effect to the choice of both the clergy and the laity by their approval of Dr. Gallagher for the position of Coadjutor.. He was rejoiced to see Dr. Lanigan presiding with so much vigour and energy. (Applause.) Very Rev. P. Le Rennetel, who was called upon, said he was present because he considered it was ari honour to have a new prelate created such as the Right Rev. Dr. Gallagher. He was a leader in every walk of life. He was a leader as a scholar and as a priest, and he was confident he would be a leader as a prelate. (Loud applause.) Archbishop Carr said they should not separate without recognizing him on whose acconnt they were all assembled, the venerable prelate of the dio cese. (Loud applause.) There were three distin guishing features in Dr. Lanigan' s character. First, his devotion to duty, which, had prompted him to build up the great spiritual works with which they were surrounded ; second, his devotion to religious education, which caused him to recognize that un less the seed of religion was planted in the minds of the young the efforts put forth in other ways would be useless ; and thirdly, his devotion to the old Ca tholic land. (Applause. ) His life had been that of a prelate who had no other thought than obedience to duty. _ The toast was honoured with the heartiest appre ciation, and Dr. Lanigan having expressed his thanks gave 'the Laity,' to which the Mayor of Goulburn, Mr. O'Brien, the Mayor of Wagga, Mr. Coleman, Mr. J. Gormly, M.L.A., and the Hon. T. Dalton, M.L.C., replied, also Mr. F. P. Brennan on behalf of the ex-students of St. Patrick's College, than whom nobody was more proud of the honour done Dr. Gallagher. (Applause.) PRESENTATION OF ADDRESSES. In the evening the cathedral Avas again crowded. Bishop Gallagher gave Benediction, assisted by the Rev. Fathers Slattery and Finnegan. The sermon was preached by the Right Rev. Dr. Byrne, of Bathurst. ?' The festival celebrated^by the Church on that day — the first Sunday in July — was, he said, what was known as the Feast of the Precious Blood. He had been asked to say a few words, and he did not know of any -subject on which he could with more advantage dwell than on that great mystery of faith. That day was one of universal rejoicing throughout the dio'cese of Goulburn, nay, throughout the entire Church of Australia, by rea son of the consecration of the one whom the people, the priests, and the prelates of the Church deemed most worthy to assist the present venerable Bishop of Goulburn in the work in which he was engaged. His Lordship preached an eloquent sermon, direct ing himself to' one point chiefly, namely, the efficacy for the salvation of the world that attached to the mystery of the redemntion. ^'Afterwards several addresses and presentations were made to Dr. Gallagher. The first was from the people of Waj^a Wagga, and was a most ela borately-goi-up address executed by John Sands, of Sydney. TUe address, which is given elsewhere, was read by Mr. Coleman, Mayor of Wagga Wagga, who npo'.ogized for the absence of Dr. Morgan O'Connor, saying that that gentleman was pre vented from being in attendance in consequence of the accident he had met with, Mr. Coleman, besides handing Bishop Gallagher the illuminated address and a purse of 100 sove reigns, said he was deputed to make the following gifts : — From the boarders of the Presentation Con vent, Mount Erin, Wagga Wagga, set of vestments ; from St. Eugene's School, illuminated address ; St. Mary's day pupils, missal and stand; Infants' school, breviary ; St. Joseph's School, Irish bog-oak crucifix ; St. Michael's boys' school, under the care of the Patrician Brothers, illuminated address and gold cross; Nuns. of the Presentation Convent, Wagga Wagga, ruitie. Miss Sykes next came forward and read an ad dress to his Lordshipfrom the members oli the Sacred Heart Society, Goulburn. Accompanying this ad dress was a purse of 25 sovereigns. The address was signed by A. Gaskell, Sec. ; J. Doylb, Treas. To Dr. M'Killop was assigned the taskjof reading the address tendered to hia Lordship by the Catho lics of the diocese, and which was in these terms :-=? 'To the Right Rev. John Gallagher,- D.D., Coadjutor-Bishop of Goulburn. May it please your Lordship, — With sincere feelings of respect and love the Catholics of the Goulburn diocese desire to express their- congratulations at your elevation to the Hierarchy of Australia. They desire also to show their gratitude to the Holy See for your election and to the clergy of the dio cese who nominated you. as -worthy to fit! the epis copal office. For many years you, aided by seH denying colleagues, have successfully guided through severe trials the higher education at Sti PatricK's College with most praiseworthy result* ', and you have ministered with priestly devotion to the wants of the people in yarioua pa'rt3 of the dio^ cese during your long missionary career. Univer sally you are regarded as an intellectual champion priest of the Church. Though every inch an Irish man, you are proudly claimed as a citizen of Aus tralia by right of residence of over a quarter of a century. As a man, your learning and high-souled principles add honour to the land of your adoption. It cannot therefore be Durprioing that everyone hallo with joy the dignity conferred upon you. They pray that Almighty God may give you grace to be' a worthy Coadjutor to our revered and vener able Bishop, whose long term as spiritual ruler of this diocese has been go eminent and good, and that your united efforts may prove as oucceosful as his have been in enabling the',Church to fulfil its lofty destiny in thece colonies* Further, they request that you will remember them in the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass, and that you accept the humble offering they now present. Signed on behalf of the Catho lics of the diocese, Charles Gillespie, Chairman ; Robert M'Killof, Treasurer; John Walsh', Secre tary.' The preseritstiori in connection with the above was in the form df a cheque for £100. The Goulburn branch of the A.H.C. Guild em bodied their congratulations in the subjoined address, read by Mr. D. Hannigan, secretary. The address, which was in illuminated form, was en closed iii a handsome frame. ' To the Right Rev. John Gallagher, D.D., Coad jutor- Bishop of Goulburn. — On behalf of the Goul burn Brandh of the A.H.C Guild, we beg to offer your Lordship otlf iriost respectful and most sincere congratulations. The position of Coadjutor-Bishop which you are called upon to fill is one which brings with it the highest responsibilities ; but, if this be the case with the office, we' Venture to »iy that your Lordship, as its occupant, will;;':be found equal in every respect to the demand fcjade upon you. It does not come within our province to dwell upon the fitness of your Lordship for the lofty charge entrusted to your cflfe. Those more competent to judge have pronounced in your favour, and this decision of the eupreme ecclesiastical authority would,- if nothing else were in evidence, satisfy us of the wisdom of the choice. This, how ever, we might be permitted to say, that from our knowledge of you as a priest we may assume that your career as prelate will be memorable in the his tory of the Church in Australia, It would b-? ungrateful on our part not to make reference to the great things done by his Lordship the Right Rev. Dr. Lanigan, who has borne the heat and burden of the day in. the labour attached to founding a new dioeese. To your' Lordship will fall the task of continuing the work go well commenced by Dr. Lanigan, and that your efforts will be fruitful of most happy results we are fully confident. Feeling satisfied that our spiritual interests will ever engage a place in your Lordship's thoughts, we, in turn, promise not to be unmindful of our obligations as members of the A.H.C. Guild. Signed on behalf of the member's, Daniel C. Hannigan, Secretary ; William J. Chessem.4h, Bursar ; George J. Taylor, Trustee; Jeremiah O'Nbill, Trustee ; Gerald Brooki?, Councillor.' Mr. J. Knopp, president of the local branch of the H.A.C.B. Society, was spokesman for that body, reading the address, on their behalf, which was got up in a very attractive dtyle in book form :— 'To the Right Rev. Dr. Gallagher, Bight Rev. and Dear Sir, — We, the members of the Sacred Heart Branch (No. 164) of the Hibernian Austra lasian Catholic Benefit Society, desire, on this the occasion of your consecration, to express our heart felt joy and gratification at your elevation to the Episcopacy. We feel that we are juotified in say ing that during the history of the Church in Aus tralia no appointment has been made that has given to Catholic hearts more general satisfaction and pleasure. Nor is there amongst all the devoted and scholarly missionaries of the Church one more eminently fitted to wear the mitre and bear the crozier. It is therefore an especial pleasure to uo that yom have, Deo volcnte, been chosen as coadjutor and successor to our present venerable and wellbe loved prelate, and we feel, when by God's will his mantle shall have fallen upon you, that the' glorious work of the Church so nobly and fnith fully conducted in this diocese by our dear Bishop, Dr. Lanigan, will be continued on similar lines, and that you will keep us bound together by that Divine bond of brotherhood and Christian faith which has been so well sustained in the past. Your long and devoted service in the diocese, 'not only as a missionary priest but as President of St. Patrick's College, has enabled us to judge of your Christian character, your profound learning, ' your brilliant endowments, and your soul-stirring eloquence. We trust therefore that as our Bishop, and under God's guidance, you may be spared for many, many years to give additional lustre to the episcopate, and to promote and to foster the Faith which is so dear to our hearts. We can not let this occasion pass without thanking you from our hearts for the sincere and warm inter est you have at all times taken in the Hibernian Societies of the colony. Your long term of office as chaplain of the Wagga Branch was the means of bringing you closely in touch with our workings, and you have always been ready to assist us not only with a friendly hand but with sound and kindly advice, and we venture to hope for your assistance and prayers fn the future We feel that the wonder ful success and prosperity which have attended all church work in the diocese under our revered Bishop, Dr. Lanigan, will, by your intellectual knowledge, your eloquence, and your never tiring zeal and energy, be further stimulated, and that you will, in your exalted position as Coadjutor, relieve Dr. Lanigan of muoh of the burden he has so nobly and bravely borne for so many years. We pray that the blessings and guidance of Almighty God may attend you in your labours, and again heartily and sincerely congratulate you on your elevation to the episcopate. Beseeching your pray ers and blessings for the members of our society and for the faithful generally, we are, Right Rev. and dear Sir, yours very respectfully, Jaooh Knopp, President ; James M'Aloon, Viee-president ; C. J. M'Shane, Secre tary.'* ?'?'?' ;-.'?? Bishop Gallagher deferred his formal reply to the above1 addresses till Sunday next. The address. from Wagga and his Lordship's reply thereto will be found elsewhere in this issue. 