The flakes of Baliinacrasy. A TALE OF THE SHANNON. Bv MRS. JULIA S. HARRIS. Author of 'From Shadow Land,' 'Euphe- mia lledmond,' &c.; Lo, here sha comes. This is her very guise ..... , Observe her ; stand close. — Macdetit. ' Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha !' along, joyous, rippling peal of laughter. I had retired to my room at about 11.30 and was engaged in writing some letters for the outgoing Indian mail, when I wits surprised by these Bounds' of merriment indulged in ap parently by some lady just under my window ; a tew moments later the laugh was repeated, but this time at a greater distance from the house— on tho lawn I thought ; ere the last dotes died into silence I drew aside the cur tains, curious to ascertain what lady of my host's acquaintance had chosen such an un seemly hour to call upon him and make mcrrx. But no person was in Bight ! It was a bright moonlight night, bo bright that the smallest object could be easily distinguished, but the broad green lawn which sloped gently down to the Shannon was unoccupied; neither was there a boat to be sesn on that part of the river visible from the house. I listened intently for the slightest Bound, but heard only the wind soughing through the elms and the creaking of the weather vane over the stables. I was much nuzzled at this occurrence, but having several hours' work before ma I did not waste time in trying to discover the visitor, but throwing more fuel on the fire was soon deep in my correspondence, my thoughts far .way in a warmer clime. But my friends in India were doomed to disappointment. I had only resumed my writing about twenty minutes when I was startled, and I must confess unnerved, by several long mournful wails, repeated at short intervals ; in fact, there could be no mistaking the sounds by one who had heard them before, as I had. It was the keen for the dead. I felt sure some accident must have happened to pome late travellers on the river and sprang up and threw open the window ; but, as before, no boat was to bo seen. I only caught a glimpse of a tall graceful figure, which glided from the river across the lawn and up the long flight of steps leading to the turret-room. This was situated in tho west wing of the house and plainly visible from my window. I was at this time staying with my old friend Bryan Clifford at Ballinacrasy Hall on the banks of the Shannon, where I had arrived but a few days previously from India. Clifford and I had joined the service about the same time, and we had both exchanged into the Enniskillen Dragoons .1 few months previous to the outbreak of the Indian mutiny. Our experience during that terrible time in India had cemented our friendship still closer, so that when Clifford was severely wounded aud invalided homo he exacted a promise from me that I would visit him in Ireland on my re turn from India. He was very low-spirited and depressed at parting, and his last words as I wished him good-bye on board the troopship were — 'I don't like the look of things, Hal ; but if our fellows pull through this trouble aud you live to return to England 1 shall expect you to come straight to my place' and make B&llina-; crasy Hall your home. ' All right, old fellow,' I replied, ' we will master these black devils yet. Keep up your spirits and get well as soon as you can. When we meet again we will laugh at our present troubles.' Clifford's residence on the Shannon was one of the loveliest spots in the west of Ireland, and indeed to a man who had passed some years in India it seemed a veritable Eden. Ballinacrasy Hall stood in a wellwooded domain, with gently undulating grounds stretching away from the Shannon; on the opposite side of the river rose brown heath clad mountains, varied by valleys covered with tall waving ferns, aud dotted here and there could be seen houses of the tenantry, with an occasional ruin ; nothing more unlike the scenery which my sun-tried eyes had looked upon for so many years could well be imasrined. Directly we met in the breakfast-room the next morning I put a series of questions to Clifford. ? 'Was lie disturbed in the night? Did he have visitors? Was there an accident?' And ended by informing him of what I had seen and beard. I eyed Clifford narrowly as I related my experience of the night before. I thought it strange I had not heard of it if he expected visitors. Clifford was greatly surprised at my ques tions. _ ? . . 'Visitors !' he exclaimed; 'certainly not. An accident ? Not that I am aware of ; you must have been dreaming, Hal. ' . . 'I beg your pardon; I most assuredly heard the laugh and the keen, ' and I most certainly saw a young lady cross the lawn and run up the turret steps. Clifford stared at me with amazement de picted on his good-humored face. At length he remarked— - ' Well, of course, Hal, if you saw the lady there is an end of it. Probably it was one of the servants returning late from the village.' 'No, I do not think so. I have seen' ttfem all and should have recognised- her if it had been one of them. I assure you, Bryan, the dress and pose of the figure were quite unlike those of a servant.' ' ? Clifford lay back in his chair and eyed me curiously. I believe that for a moment he entertained the thought that my mind was wandering. 'Well, we will soon solve the mystery,' he exclaimed, ringing the bell. 'Jackson,'' he enquired of the butler, who entered the room ; 'did a lady am ve here late last night?' The old fellow eyed Clifford with a per plexed look, as if doubtful if he hod heard aright. ' Lady, sor, after 12 o'clock, sor ; no, not that niesilf knows of, an' sure a lady could scarce cum with'out me knowin' it.' ' Were a\l tho servants ia ?' 'Yes, sor,' ' Are you quite sure ?' ' Sure as the saints above, yer honor.' Clifford looked embarrassed. I could plainly see that he thought it an hallucination, but was too kind to say so. . -'&1 ' I cannot understand it, Hal. I have never heard of a banshee in connection with the Hall. Wo can only hope that the lady's visit does not portend misfortune to either of us. But to change the subject, what do you say to a row on the Shannon? By-the-bye, Denis is an old identity, you might be able to gather some information from him resflM^.*'i3 ing this strange visitant' = ''?';--'~-'&jli; v Tl Delighted, my dear fellow. You caa'j?r.'3 imagine how restful this limpid river* and your 'r K|S green swards, dotted with rainbow- colored - '^'Wi nowers, are to a man just returned from India.9' -'iSm 'Yes, I felt the same when I returned. 'fil You remember how weak and ill I was, Well, fl nearly every day, for weeks after I arrived .IS here, Deuis helped me out on the lawn,~ S3 where I sat for hours, drinking in the fresh UyM pure air, and with it health and strength, revel- 'MM ling the while in tho delightful scenery.' ?'?'%i Clifford ordered Denis to bring the boat ' ^t round, and, lighting our cigars, we strolled . '-§| down to the river. As we approached the- %' boathou&e; we saw that Denis was standing: SI gazing open-mouthed at the damp ground. S1*S 'What is the matter, Denis V' Clifford -| enquired. . *f 'MuBha thin, masther, the Holy Virgin, ' 1'3 protect us,' ho answered in a voice of horror, /-I at the pame. time piously crossing himself. Sil 'What is it, Denis f . |j 'Saints in hivin, look where she wur a- -^ walkin' last uoight. |j Denis still stood staring at the ground and -»m Clifford became impatient. fl ' Don't be a fool !' ho ejaculated angrily. ifi ' Fool wud ye be callin me, an' the print of '?A her f ut plain before yer face.' ? -ifS ' ' What the devil do you mean ?' . '.5 'May the divil fly away wid me if it ain't ri| theprint of Judith Blake's f«t. Slay the good ''-_:5 God defind yer honor, for niver since I wur a. . B blioy 'ave she bin known to walk.' 'a 'What foolishness is this, Denis?' Clifford ? said sharply. 'Who is Judith Blake? Do you mean that she is a spirit— banshee— and that 's she haunts the Hall r !i ' Mane, your honor ; what else wud I mane? :'v Shure me mother, who wur Grantham Blake's- ?s foster-sister, heard her keeniu' last noight, an' ' ??% 'twas a foine froight as she give me a-screeching' ?_:% out, 'Denis, Denis, avick, are ye waking 'i honey? 'Arrab, thin, mother,' says £ ;S ' what be j'e wantinV ' Hark to her, honey ;. ' -* mark her,' says she, 'it's that divil of .V -^ Judith keenin' ; sure there's a Blake at the -j Hall, avick.' An' all noight long she wur a ''??? moanin' an1 a-talkin' of what happened whin, she wur a colleen. It's a divil a bit of a lie I'm. tellin' ye.' ? It would be difficult to say who was the most 4 startled, Clifford or I, as Denis imparted this. ???'? information. Iu a moment we were down on ':: our knees eagerly scanning the marks on the ground to which he had pointed. They were ?';' evidently the imprint of a small slender foot ; the owner ..appeared to have walked backwards and forwards past; the giant arbutus, which herp overhung the river, as if restless aud im- . patient. Clifford looked annoyed. 'Listen, Denis,' he said, 'there must be no word of this to the servants.' ' It's sorra a bit I wants to talk, yer honor ;. ' shure thuui divils of Blakes can take care of ?? theirsilves.' . -\ As we returned to the house Clifford ex- . '; claimed — ' Confound the woman ! what can be the meaning of this, Hal ; queer coinci- :- denee, isn't it t' ... ,} 'Well, let us hope that the lady will disap- ;- pear as suddenly as she has appeared,' I said. '-- jestingly. ^ 'Amen,' Clifford answered fervently, 'fo'i .. ^ not a servant will stay with us if they heai ':i, that the place is haunted.' 3 When I was about to retire in the evening 1 Clifford followed me to the foot of the stair- ? A case and suggested he should accompany me. ' ';| -'Jk-ok..here-.HalJ old fellow,' he Eaid, 'I j have no faith in ghosts or baushees, as yor | know, but your experience last night coupled j with what Denis says, almost compels me tc ' j believe that there is something iu it. Suppose ,. j we both watch in your room till after 1 ?' j 'Very well, we will,' I replied. 1 Clifford ordered more fuel to be taken to my 'I room, aud carefully darkening the window so. 1 that no one outside should be aware of our .1 vigil we sat and puffed in silence or spoke in ''?; j subdued tones till the old clock in the hall 1 struck 12 ; then Clifford rose and quickly ~M turned down the lamp to the faintest glimmer, I and drawing aside the curtain we took our- ;1 stand by the window, our eyes fixed on the. .%Jj steps leading to the turret-room. ? ''-''ftl| We had not long to wait; a few miuute-. . '..'\M after the clock struck the door opened and fj there issued from it a young lady dressed as a :'M bride. Her gown was of some soft, white, '1 ustrous niatcrialj richly embroidered, while her dark hair, which was dravai high up frohi her forehead, was ornamented with orange flowers and strings of pearls ; a dark cloak was thrown lightly over her shoulders. As sh.. came directly under the window she turned her head aud, glancing up at us, laughed merrily. ? Clifford looked at me, horror depicted on hi}:, countenance. 'My God,' he exclaimed, 'it is a ghost. Denis's tale must be true ! Sec, the figure is, perfectly transparent.' -; As we breathlessly noted these things sht-. -; hurried across the lawn, when again that merry peal of laughter Baluted our ears, the lasu notes dying away as she disappeared rouno the boathouse. 1 answered nothing, but kept my gaze fixe;l on the boathouse. In a few minutes she apv peared again, standing on the landing gazing- : out across the river, one arm hung listlessly b. her. side, wjjile the other was raised as i: -'; shading her eyes from too strong a light After waiting in this attitude for sevcra'. 'J minutes she walked rapidly along the bank 0 «j the river a distance of about fifty yards, thei. - again stood in the same attitude this timi ' gazing up the river. She now behaved as ii t' disappointed and impatient at the non-ap pearance of some person .whom she had ex -. ? j jected; she paced rapidly backwards and ,? orwards on the bank, her anuoyauce visibly r^ increasing. Suddenly something attracted bet - ' x attention near the old arbutus tree whici. ' .' overhung the river. She stopped and ben; .?- eagerly forward; then on the still night aii ? ?.-'?; was borne the low prolonged wail of an Irish i keen. As tho sounds reached us Clifford shud- 'I dered. . . ?;? 'The keen for the dead,' be whispered: ' someone must have been drowned. She ha:-. J|;; found the body.' ;?? Again that bitter cry, aud, rising from tht v kneeling posture into which she had thrown ' =;! herself, she walked rapidly back to the house, :'?; the moon shining full on her face revealing ;. | strikingly beautiful woinau. * | .As she glided beneath the window, iron. | which in our excitement Clifford and I wer, | leaning, she fixed her large dark eyes, glowinf ? , js with hatred and scorn, full upon us, and thrcv 1 up her clenched hands as if calling dowi; --| malediotions. Then, as if exhausted by he; | passion, her arms fell listlessly by iier side aaC - '| with one long vindictive look at us she turner ^-5| quickly and ran up the 'Steps leading to ifr *„-?§ ? '? '???? :-4 turret-room as I fell fainting in the arms of toy friend. When I oame to I felt rather Sabamed -of my weakness, r 'How absurd,' 1 exclaimed ; ' that beastly : climate of India has pulled me down more : than I thought. I ought to have returned homo before. 'Nothing of the sort. n»y dear Hal. You ought to have returned before, X have no : doubt, but I would sooner face a score of sepoys than that handsome vindictive crea ture. We will go down ftnd interview , Denis's mother in the morning and Bee if she has any theory to account for this ghostly visitor. She u the oldest woman in the barony and X know well acquainted with tha family history of most of the inhabitants. Wo must probe the mystery to the bottom and at once if possible. It is a most strange affair. Three generations of Cliffords bave lived at the Hau, yet I bave never heard of Judith 31ake.' ' Shortly after breakfast the next morning we sauntered down the banks of the river, through the green meadows which skirted it, in the direction of Denis O'Grady's cabin. As we approached we could see the old man busily digging in his plot of ground. Denis was (a dress and spaecn a typical Irishman of the old school. He wore an old and much dilapidated swallow-tailed coat, with corduroy breeches and coarse grey woollen stockings ; his old hat was stuck jauntily on the side of his head, and a short well-blackened dudheen in tbe corner of his mouth, while the specimens of Irish with which he favored us even I, who had associated constantly with Irishmen, found it difficult to interpret. Catching sight of us he came forward, his good-humored face beam ing with pleasure. ' The top of the marnin' to yer honor, an' a hivinly marnin' it is, Bhure ; an' it's mesilf as is warmin' me ould limbs wid a bit of work, for it's cold entoirely a-staudin' still.' 'Good morning, Deuis; I have brought my Mend Captain Moreton to see your mother. I cave been telling him about her. ' 'Sbure now, 'ave ye. Troth, sor,' he added, turning to-me, 'it'squoitean instertution me toother is in these parts ; the ouldest woman in Galway she is. It's a divil a bit of a lie, but it's nigh on a hundred she is now.' Denis turned towards the cabin, a two roomed mud hut, scattering a small colony of chickens and a couple of squeaking pigs on his way.' As we entered the doorway an old woman rose from the fire over which she %vas cowering and turned her sightless oyes towards us. 'Good morning1. Nqrah ; how are you this morning?' Clifford said pleasantly. i 'Nicely, sor ; but thes3 cowld spring marnins be bad for the rheumatis. Come in, Bor; Denis, be afther givin' the masther a seat. Bad scran_to ye, ye brute, git out ;' , giving a thrust with her stick to a lusty young pig, who wob disputing the warmest corner with a decrspit-look'ng cat and two old fowls. 'Shure the bonnovecn is alwus a-tryiu' for the warmest corner, the villin. 'Twas only last noight as I was a-sayin' to Deuus, 'Shure, Denis, avick ; ye must be afther inakin' a house for the croythre — like the quality 'as, jist to kape him from under me fut, for, as yer honor knows, me sight ain't no good to me at all, at .all.' Denis found two boxes, which he placed for us. 'This is Hiy friend, Captain Moreton, Uorah : the gentleman whom I told you saved mylife in India.' The old woman turned her sightle33 eyes to where I sat. ' Yer kindly welcome, sor : an' it's glad I'd be to see ye, for it's mesilf as has a bhoy there, Gorman by name. It's a sergeant, he is. Maybe ye 'ave heard tell of him.' 'Sergeant in what regiment Mrs. O'Grady?' The old woman started at the sound of my roioe and leaut eagerly forwards. 'Spake agin, yer honor, spake agin.' ' What regiment was your son in ':' 'Shure it's the voice of Grantham, ' the old iiroman ejaculated, crooning over the fire, ' it's sixty years ago an' more since I heard it last. Troth it wur the wish of me heart to iieat it again. Arrah now,' turning to Denis, 'fool of a gossoon as ve are, didn't I tell ye the quality was at the Sail last night? Faix it's mesilf as knew that his child, man or woman, wus there, for didn't I hear Judith Blake keenin', an' didn't ye eee the print of ierfut?' In her excitement the old woman rose from her seat and turning towards us she drew her tall figure erect, a remarkable looking woman even at her greafage ; as she stood there sup porting herself with a blackthorn stick we could not but be fltruok by her appearance; her fine features were still comely and her abundant Bnow- white hair was smoothly plaited beneath a quaint-looking cap, not unlike the headdress of a Normandy peasant. 'Then you think I'm a Blake?'! ques tioned. *' No doubt at all, at all. I know ye, honey, an' ehc knows ye, the saints in hivin defind us. Denis* be handin' the young masther the box where I kapes me bit of money.' Denis brought me a small black tin box. ' Jist open it, honey, an' ye'll find the letther. Shure I can't rade it mesilf, but times was whin a neebur wud rade it for me.' Inside the box I found a letter discolored by age and (smoke. ' Dear old nurse,' it began, and then told in happy, joyous words how the writer was about to be married to an English gentleman named Dixon, and the writer signed herself Katie \ State. 'Hear to her now. I was her dear old ; nurse, an' so I was, an' Dixon was the name of , the gintleinan she married ; three years after he \ died an3 thin she married a MastUcr Huns- i don. There was one child. Do ye follow me ? . Whin she grew up she married— married ! Masther— whist ye now, I clean forgot.' ' Moreton ?' 'True for ye, that wur the name. An' ye are her son?' 'Yes.' The old woman gave a cry of horror. ' The curse— the curse !' the muttered ; 'she -will walk till doom. 'No Blake can live at Bftliinaerasy ia peace. She alwus re turns.' j ' po you know the cause of these' -visits of j Judith Blake's, Mrs. O'Grady ?' I asked. \ ' Do I know, yer honor ? No one better, an' it's mesilf as will be proud to tell ye, for shuro the last of the Bltikes shud lenow all about it.1' , Chapte-B II. ! A vague presentiment of impending doom, j Like ghostly footsteps in a vacant room, ' ' ? 1 Haunted him day and night ..... j — Loxa fellow, j Some seventy years ago there resided at Balliuaerasy Hall Grantham Blake and his twin sister Judith. These two, though so nearly related, were as far as the poles asunder in character and disposition. Grantham was light- hearted, gay, and dobonpaire, willing to do a kindly turn for anyone, rich or poor ; but Judith, though exceedingly handsome, with raven-black hair and beautiful violet-grey eyes, was selfish, co!d, and haughty. When pre sented at the viceregal court in Dublin she seems to have made a great sensation by tier beauty ; even to have numbered the then Lord -Lieutenant among her devoted - admirers, so that on her return to Galway it is little to be wondered at that she treated with disdain tbe gentlemen of her own neighbor hood, her pride and vanity being greatly in creased by the conquests she had made in the fashionable world. Still Judith Blake had but to appear at any gathering for the impressionable young Irish- ; men to succamb to her charms. But the de votion of hei' admirers made no impression on a heart steeled with pride, and it was not till she had reached her twenty -fourth year that she showed any real preference. Then, strangely enough, she fell madly in love with Terence Maloney, the ne'er-do-well nephew ot a neighboring squire. They met first at the Limerick races and Terence, finding that ho had attracted Miss Blake's attention, paid a visit to his uncle, Squire O'&falley;, and contrived to see her frequently. Grantham objected strongly to Maloney's suit, and was annoyed beyond measure that his sister should s'o openly en courage him. Though personally handsome, of suave manners, and assumed bonhomie, Terence Maloney was at heart an incorrigible gambler ; and a disgraceful incident at a card party, in which he was detected substituting an ace for a card of lesser value, bad closed the doors of his club against him and had caused those of his own class to look askance at him. Honorable almost to a fault as Grantham was, the disgust with which he regarded the prospect of such a connection may well be imagined, and be remonstrated with Judith on her folly, pointing out to her the thinly- : veiled contempt with which Terence was treated by the neighboring gentry, hoping by so doing to arouse her pride, but the infatuated girl refused to believe any evil of her lover and avowed her intention of wedding him at the coming Easter. Being unable himself to convince his sister of Terence's jKoxfchlessness ho appealed to the \ I priest, Father Brady, to use his influence with ! her, hoping that she would liBten to him. ' j ThejprioBt, though doubtful of Judith taking i his advice, knowing well' her . headstrong 'character, consented and told her plainly that j be was sceptical of Terence's affection for her, for much of his time was passed fishing near widow Murphy's cottage, chatting with pretty Mary Murphy as she washed her clothes in the brook near by, and that ho knew Terence was heavily in debt and pressed for money, which made him. anxious to possess himself of her large fortune, and he begged her for the sake of her family and position to break off the engagement. : But the foolish girl refused to heed the priest'l advice, and her only reply was to reiterate her determination to marry Maloney 1 at Eatfcer. Would that she could have looked but a Bhort distance into the future and seen to what tragic events such determination was ( to lead. i Grantham, finding that his sister would not listen to the remonstrances of her friends, | made no further protests, and preparations for ;tho marriage and accompanying festivities ; were made on a large scale. Judith bitterly . resented the coolness with which Terence was ; treated by the neighboring gentry, and refused to invite but few of them, but a large number of her Dublin acquaintances had accepted her invitation to ba present. . It was finally settled that the ceremony should -take place iu the large dining-room of Ballinacrasy Hall, which was beautifully decorated for the occasion, as Judith considered Father Brady's Chapel 'too small an' too dirty for the hoight of fashion as was comin' from Dublin.' Tho wedding morning arrived and with it many of the invited guests ; these fashionable friends were curious to see whom the proud, beautiful Miss Blake hod chosen from the list of her numerous admirers ; whispers had reached the capital of the doubtful antecedents of. the bridegroom, but these rumors were at tributed to the envy of discarded suitors, as Judith Blake's pride was almost a proverb. As the old clock on the stairs struck 11 Father Brady appeared robed in his best canonicals, and, book iu hand, stood ready to commence the service, and every eye was turned to tho door expecting Maloney's entrance, but he did not appear ; the bride groom—the chief actor in the ceremony— was absent. For some minutes those assembled waited in suppressed excitement, then there Was a rustle of silk dresses and a subdued hum of voices as the guests exchanged opinions as to the cause and wherefore of Terence's absence. Time passed and still no bridegroom appeared. As the clock was about to record another hour the bell of Judith's room pealed sharply through the house and was answered by Norah. She found the expectant bride sur rounded by her bridesmaids, who were laugh ing and talking and slyly teasing her on the bridegroom's absence. Judith laughed with them and treated their reinavks lightly, but her heightened color betrayed her excitement. '.Tell my brother,' she said as Nqrah entered, ' that I am going down to th3 river to meet Mr. Maloney.''' And throwing a large cloak .over her bridal dress, with a merry laugh aud a parting jest, she ran down the steps. Grantham, who was watching for Terence from the dining-room window, saw her and leant forward to speak, but, with a wave of her hand and a light laugh, she passed him and hastened down to the river. For some minutes she remained by the boathouso ; but, ap parently tiring of that, she paced the river side impatiently. Then, for a few seconds, s!ie stood by febe old arbutus tree, shading her eye3 with her hand, endeavoring to catch a glimpse of any boat that might be approaching. All at onc6 the watchers saw her bend eagerly forward, as if something had attracted her attention in tbe river. Then they were startled by a wild piercing scream, followed by a pro longed wail. Biaing hastily from the kneeling posture into which she had thrown herself, Judith now came towards the house and faced the group of gentlemen on the lawn who had hurried to meet her. Grautuain was about to speak, but she motioned him to be silent. 'As God and the Holy Virgin are my wit nesses,' shecried, pointing at him with her right hand; ' there stands the murderer of Terenco Maloney — may he live to see the light of his eyes prish before him— he vowed Terence should not marry me and he has kept his word ; but I swear before you all that, living or dead, my eurao shall cliug to him and make this place hateful to him.' For a moment Grantham was too dumb fouuded at her awful accusation to answer, then recovering himself he asked — ' ' Wbkt do you mean, Judith. Are yon mad, that you talk so ? Where is Terence Maloney ? Who says he is murdered4*' ' Wretch ! to ask me such a question, when Terence TMaloney lies dead and cold in the Shannon. Mr. Magrath,' she continued, ' you are a magistrate. Before you I charge Grantham with the murder of T«rence Maloney,' and with a vindictive look at her brother, she swept up the steps leading to the turret-room. Grantham and tbe other gentlemen now hurried down to the river, where they too easily found full confirmation of one part of Judith's dreadful story. Caught in the rushes at the foot of the old arbutus tree was the body of the unfortunate man, and a very slight ex amination revealed the fact that his skull was fractured. There could be no. doubt that he had met with foul play, but who could have done the deed ? was the question which each one imme diately asked himself and his neighbor. Gran tham indignantly denied his sister's accusation, but those -irho had heard him when he used such hot and choleric words with respect to the proposed connection immediately remembered them against him. On returning to the house Grantham's first thought was for Judith, and calling his foster sister he sent her to attend to her, thinking that one brought up in such intimate relations would ba more acceptable in her bereavement than a mere acquaintance. 'Shure, yer honor, it's little I loiked goin', knowin' how proud Bhe wus an' how desolit — rael desolit— she'd be widout Terence, for all the heart she had was set on him.' On reaching Judith's room Norah heard Bounds of low laughter and conversation, and receiving no answer to her knock she opened the door. ' An' may the saints niver east an eyo on me agin, but the sight as met me cye3 nigh froze me to the ground.' The room was brilliantly lighted, and Judith was curtseying and smiling at her o'.vn reflec tion in a largo mirror and carrying on an animated conversation with an imaginary person. Directly she observed Koran's terror? stricken face she sprang forward and grasped her by the arm, her large beautiful eyes ablaze like stars. ? 'Ah, ah f she shrieked, 'is it you, pretty Maty Murphy? Did you think you coolo steal Terence from me? Fool, do you think he would marry you f Frenzied with passion, Bhe now seized tho girl by the throat aud tried to choke her, Norah struggled desperately, trying hard to cry for assistance, but the madness which had seized Judith Blake gave her double strength, and Norah was but as a child iu her hands. Catching sight of a knife on a table near by ehe now dragged Norah towards it. Then how it happened Norah was unable to say — but thought it was from the upsetting of one of the many candles— the lace on Judith's dress bocanre ignited and in a moment she was enveloped m flames. Realising her danger she released Norah, who had just strength enough left to rush to the head of the steps and shriek for aid when she fell in a faint. 'An' small blame to me, for it's near, mur therin' me she wus.' Grantham and the priest had great diffi culty in extinguishing the flames and securing the frenzied girl, whoso madness increased on seeing her brother. Medical aid was quickly obtained, but from the first the doctor gave not the slightest hope of her recovery. Indeed, it was better so, no assured Grantham, as if she recovered her bodily health she would bo hopelessly insane. It was in vain Father Brady attempted to pacify the dying girl. She passed that night — the ls\3t of her life — reviling and cursing her twin brother Grantham. 'Ha,' she would shriek as the paroxysms of madness seized her, ' ho shall be a wan derer for ever ; far from . the home he loves. No Blake shall live within these walls. Living or dead my curse shall cling to them.' Towards morning she sank into a state of coma ; but as the priest, who never left her side, v.ras reading the prayers for tbe dying he noticed her lips move and bent eagerly for ward — 'My curse shall cling to him' — was the whisper he caught, then— Judith Blake was no more. With tho aid of the priest, Father Brady, Grantham was able at tho enquiry which was held ? to satisfy the coroner that he could not be guilty,- aud he was spared tho indignity of being put on his tvial for murder. But the Maloney faction persisted in believing that ho was in some way or to some extent concerned iu Terence's death aud a much, larger section of the community regarded him with suspicion. So bitter was the animosity displayed against him that Grantham had constantly to bo on his guard against assassination, 'and more than once had a very narrow escape. 'Troth, yer honor,' said the old woman, 'bis people were many, both on bill an' valley, an' they vowed as they wud avenge Terence's death.' This treatment Grantham' had to endure for many years till the truth became known through the deathbed confession of the actual murderer. Jim Murphy, Mary Murphy's brother, was enraged at Maloney's treatment of his sister, and hearing that he was about to marry Judith Blake he waited for him by the river and demanded an explanation. From hot words the men came to blows, and in tho end Terence fell with a fractured skull, aud in a few minutes was dead. Murphy, terrified at what he had done, hastened from the spot, and as soon as he could safely do' so without exciting suspicion, left the country for America. Some years after his sister's death Grantham brought a new mistress to the Hall, according to Norah a sweet gentle lady, who was much beloved by her husband's tenantry. It was not till the birtb of a daughter — the Katie of Norah's story— tliat Judith, true to her prediction, niado her appearance, and it was believed the fright that this vindictive girl gave Mrs. Blake caused her death. At the death of his wife Grantham left the Hall and for some years resided near Cork, Norah accompanying him as nurse to the child. Ten yearslater the ''home hunger,' as she called it, took possession of her and she returned to the estate and married the 'dacent bhoy' who had been waiting for her. Nothing was heard of Judith Blake till Grantham's return on a visit, some fifteen years after his wife's death. A few nights after his arrival she reappeared and again rehearsed the tragic scene, even cursing her brother in pantomime when ho appeared at the window. Grantham immediately left Ballinacrasv Hall, and the home of his' ancestors knew him no more. Shortly before her marriage Katie Blake, accompanied by some friends, visited the Hall, and again Judith 'raised the countree-side wid her keenin'.' Finding it impossible to live at Ballinacrasy Katie sold it to the grandfather of my friend, and it was not till after my arrival that Judith again visited the scene of her tragic death. The following morning I left Ballinacrasy Hall on route for Dublin, feeling unequal to another interview with Judith Blako. 