A Montana Bimra Sait. Ur V/. Ii. Ar-tra r.T “ The Idleu.” «* You caw that tall chap rjtantfimr on me rear platform ot the express when she went through here this morning'! ” said the Jericho station-master. “ He’s the Athensville Baptist preacher, and he’s on Ins way to Chicago to give his testimony in tiio great divorce suit. What! I nover told you about any divorce suit? Well ! von surprise mo; for that there divorco suit is just the biggest tiling of the kind wa have ever hud in this section of the country. “ That Baptist preacher hasn’t anything to do with it except to swear that lie married the plaintiff and the defendant. There’s nothing crooked about the Rev. Mr Humphreys. He's as good as they muke ’em, though I say it myseif ; and I don’t think much of Baptists as a general thing, having been brought up a Methodist, though I resigned from them when I was made a conductor, which iB a berth that a man can’t do any thing with unless he can awoar a blue streak when the occasion arises. “Thishyer preacher took charge of Athens ville Baptist Ciinreh a matter of five years ago, and being a wonderful man for managing a church, and making it attrac tive to the general public, it wasn’t long before, lie had the largest congregation of any preacher in the place. That year the people built him a new ohurch twice as big us the old one. It. stands on the bill about a mile out of Athensville, tor when it was built it was cal'lated. that the town would prow ill that direction, whieh somehow it hasn’t done. “ I tell this just to show what an enter prising man the parson was. He insisted on haviDg the tallest steeple to his new church that could be found anywhere in Montnna territory, and b’gosh ! lie cot it. People used to tome from miles away to climb up m that steeple and see the view. There wasn't any view to speak of, the conntry being too hilly in these parts to have much scenery, hut for all that people were anxious to say that they had been to the top of the steeple. “There was an old maid in Mr Hutoph rey's congregation who was more determined to set married than any woman you ever saw. She was one of those thin, preser ring looking women ; and a mighty dangerous sort they are. Miss Payson, which was this lady’s name, was bound to marry ayouug man by the name of Halsey, who had never done her any harm, and was about as sensible and well-behaved a chap as there was in ail Athensville. Of course, he didn't have the least idea of marrying the woman, buthe was one of those good-tempered chaps thutare always afraid to say no when a weman asks tnem to do anything. Good temper is the min of lot* of folks. It's kept me down, I know that. If I’d been one of these crusty, rampageous fellows that never does a kind action if he can help it, I should have been superintendent of this road in stead of being only r station- master atone of the smallest stations in the Territory. Never yon be too good- tempered. Of the two, it ruins more men than whisky. “ One day, Miss Payson she gets young Halsey to take her up in the steeple of the Baptist Church. You Bee, visitors were al ways going up that steeple between the hourB ot ten and five, during which the sexton stayed at the church to attend to things, and see that everybody conducted themselves as they should. At j o'clock he locked up the door that led to the steeple, and then ho locked up the church door and went home for the night. “Miss Payson and her young man went up tiio steeple about three o’clock in the afternoon, but she said she enjoyed it so much that Halsey was prevailed upon to stay there with liet a good deal later than he had intended to stay. She kept him pointing out all the houses in the town and every hill and valley in the whole neighborhood ; and when she finally asked him to look at his watch and tell her the time, she was, as the pretouded, dread fully alarmed to find that it was half-past five. Halsey rail down the stairs aud found that the door waR locked, and nobody waB within hearing. The sexton had forgotten that thsro was anyoco up the steeple and had locked up and gone home at five o’clock, as usual. Haisey came back and told Miss Pay sou, who burst into tears, aud said that her re putitiou was rained. She and Halsey would have to spend tho night in tho steeple, unless ho was willing to iump ont of the window and break his neck, and she would_ rather die a thousand times than iet him'do that. “Halsey was considerably scared himself, for ha saw that, unless he could invent j some way of getting Miss Payson ont of that steeple, he would have to marry her | whether he wcnccd to or not. He thought the matter over for a while. Miss Payson weeping her level beat, and resting her head in a forgetful sort of way on his shoulder. Finally a bright idea struck him. There was the bell rope, which was a stont one-inch monilla. Why shouldn’t he lower Miss Payson to tie ground with it, and then slide down it him •• He explained his plan to the lady, but ] she didn’t seem to like it. She said she was sure the rope would break, or that he would drop it, or that she would be killed in some sort of way if the experiment was tried. ‘No,’ says she, • I will remain here, aud trust to your honor aa a gentleman to defend me from the sneers of tho heartless world. I really haven’t the courage to allow you to lower 1113 down this awful height with any “Halsey wouldn’fhear to her objections, and argned with her along time, it wasn’t until he accidentally mentioned that the steeplo wa3 just chock full of mice, and rats, and bats, and such that Miss Payson con sented to try the rope. liven then sbo was a mighty dissatisfied woman, and came very near resolviug that she would take the risk of the wild animals rather than lose suoha first olasschanco of oapturing a desirable husband. Halsey rigged up a sort of seat for the woman, so ~ that she could sit in the bight of tho rope, with lashingB around her hero and there, and couldn’t fall out if she wanted to. Then he got her to stand on the window ledge, and lowered away . Miss Payson shrieked a good deal at first aud begged Halsey to let her come bjek aud dio close to him, but ho wasn’t going to have any woman dying around bis neck if ho know himself. So he lowered her down gently and easily, encouraging her alp the time, i till he found that'his rope had come to an end. It wasn’t .quite as long as he Iiad supposed that it was, and tha upshot was that there was Miss Payson about thirty feet from the ground, with no possible way of reaching it unleeB Halsey should let go his hold of the rope. “ He thought of letting go of it, hut, being a humane, good-tempered man, as I have said, he couldn't bring himself to do it, since the result would have been that either Miss i Payson would have been killed or at .least | most of her lim'DB would have been broken. So he made the end of the rope fast to a beam, ami called out to Miss Payson not to lose courage, and he would soon thiak of some way of getting her out of the difficulty. Site begged him to draw her up again, and he I actually tried to do it, knowing all the while what the consequences would be if he succeeded ; but ha found that ho didn’t have the neces sary strength. Kiss Payson was heavier than she looked to he, though ebe was mostly bones; but she was a good seventy-five feet . below him and it would have taken two men oi his strength to have hoisted her into the steeple again. He pulled at the rope till lie was pretty near exhausted, for he natur ally felt a little ashamed of acknowledging to a woman that there was anything that he wasn’t strong enough to do. Hoivevor, he had to come to it at last, and tell her that if it was to save born their lives ha could n’t manage to pull her back into the steeple, So sho settled down to cry, and he sottlcd down to smoke a pipe, with a view to clearing hia “ All of a sudden he saw what lie ought to do, and wondered that he had been snch an idiot as not to have sera it before. There was the bell just above bis head, and all he had to do was to climb up and ring it by swinging tlm clapper from side to side, till the. alarm should bring back the sexton with tho keys. By ibis time it was getting rather dark, and Halsey tut to work at that belli and kept on tolling it slow and regular, lor that was tha only way he could manage to ‘^It’s the custom with ns to toll the bell when anybody dies, and to give just as many strokes on tho bell as the deceased had livod years. When Halsey began to toil that bell the Atheus ville people, listened to find out how old tiie deceased had been. _ When the strokes had got up among the eighties they allowed that the oldest settler in the town* must have died very sudden, tor ha Imd been ecen drunk as usual and in perfect health that afternoon us late as three o’clock. But the bell kept oil, and soon, after it had tolled somo two hundred aad fifty times, and showed no signs of stopping, folks began to think that tho sexton had just happened to hear about tho death of Methusalali, and was notifyingothor people of ihefact. “ You may ask why didn't somebody go to the church and find out what the bell was riuging for. Well, for one thing it was just Bupper time, and nobody felt anxious to take a walk of a mile or two just at that hour. Then, too, it had been said that the Baptist churchyard was haunted, and there wasn’t any general .de sire to interfere with ghosts in case they should have taken a notion to toll the bell. The tolling kept on till Halsey had toiled the hell four hundred times, and then the Rev. Mr Humphreys arrived on the spot; and when he heard Miss I’ayson’s voice some where in the air over his head, he was con siderably startled, though not being a. be liever in ghosts ha wasn’t the least bit fright '“Howon earth did you come up there, ma’am?’ asks the} Minister. ‘And what are yoif tolling the bell for ? ' “ Mies Payson explained wliat was the matter. She said that she and Mr Halsey had come to the church in tho afternoon cal ’lating to find the parson there, and to get married ; that not findiug him they had gone into the steeple to see the view and had acci dentally been locked in. She was sure that she couldn't live many minutea longer, she felt so weak, and she hoped Mr Hum phreys would marry her to Mr Halsey with out another minute’s delay, and so save her reputation, even if it didn’t save her life. The minister wanted to send for help, and get her ! safe on the solid ground before marrying her, bnt she said that she must be married. , before she could dare to face any of her , townsmen. Such, she said, were also dear Mr Halsey’B views; and if Mr Humphreys ’ had the feelings of a man and a Christian, let alone a Baptist minister, lie would go ahead with the marriage set vice. “ Mr Humphreys finally consented, and called out to Halsey to nod when he should see the minister wave his right arm, that being the only way iii which Halsey could make tbo responses, seeing as Ids voice didn't fairly reach to the ground. Having arranged this satis factorily, as he thought, Mr Humphreys went ahead, and in about two minutes he Imd Miss Payson married to Mr Halsoy. Just then the sexton oame up with the keys and knowing where lie could lay hia hand on a length of rope, he took it up into tho steeple with him, ami bent it on to the bell rope. Then ho and Mr Halsey lowered Miss Pay son to the ground, and came down tho stairs together. “* You’ll find your wife waiting for you in the graveyard,’ said Mr Humphreys to Mr Halsey. ‘ She's naturally a little excited, and she’s resting on a flat tombstone.’ “ ‘If you mean Miss Payson,' says Halsey, ‘ I can't undtrstand why you call her my “ ‘ 1 call her your wife,’ said the minister, ‘because I have just married you two, and I don’t allow no man to question the binding character of any marriage that I have a hand ‘“Married us 1’ cried Halsey. ‘When and where ? This is the first time I have heard of it.’ ‘•‘Young man,’ say 3 the parson, ‘ tnis hjer’s a serious subject, and I don’t ap prove ot jokes on either weddings or funerals. Miss Payson told me when she was swinging there in the air that you and she wanted to be married the worst way, and bo I married you. If there is any mistake I’m not to blame. I’ve dono my best as minister of the Gospel, and if you don’t liko it yon can go to the Divorce Court and toe if yon can get it altered. I tell you candidly that I don’t believo any court will listen to you, for my marriages arc ironclad and bnllet 1 proof every time, and worth a good sight more than five dollars that I’m waiting for you to pay me; | “ Well, Halsey went homo pretty mad. ; without waiting to see Miss Payson, and the 1 very next day he begins a euit for divorce. ; That's the groat divorce suit I was telling 1 you about when I pointed oat the Rev. Mr ■ Humphreys to you. It’s been dragging ; along for four years. Sometimes it’s 1 decided in favor of Halsey, and sometimes in [ favor of Miss l’ayson, and then it's always appealed, and has to bo tried over again. I Miss Payeon, sho sticks lo it that Halsey . had agreed to marry her, and that he under stood perfectly well everything the parsonsaid ; while the ceremony was going on. The parson 1 says that Halsey nodded as was agreed upon 1 whon he asked him if ho toos Miss Payson to : be hia wedded wifo, and all that sort of thing, and that Halsoy had hold of tho rope 1 that was tied to Miss Payson, which was all tho same as having hold of her hand. Ou the ; other hand, Halsey swears that iie never 1 meant to marry the woman, and never knew ■ that a marriage coremony was being gone through, but that he ju9t nodded out. of friendliness when ha saw tha parson waving ; iiis hand at him. *. The evidence, as you can 1 see, is pretty straight against him, and when he does happen to got a verdict it costs him a powerful lot of money, for our jurymen are mighty honest and high-toned, and. it tabes a good deal of money to induce them to see things in alight favorable to Halsey. I’m in terested in the ease becauso of its importance, for if ths courts finally decido that a man can 1 be married 10 a woman whan I10 is Toft above 1 her, and don’t know what is going ! on, none of us ia safe ; and first you know that some woman that is rushing through here on tho ozpress will be married to me . while I mu selling tickets 5:i my office, rod [ knowing no more about it than a child : u 1 hung. Y.’oll, there is no use in sitting anti 1 dreading dangers that may never como to r time, and 1 suppose that if it's a man’s fate ' to bo married he's got to knock uudor, and , there’s no good in worryiug himself over it 1 till the time comes.’’ 