DISAPPEARANCE or MR. DERWENT. A MYSTERY. BY TIOMIAS COBB, Author of "The House by the Common," "tWedder. burn's Will," "The Westlakes," &e.; Published by special arrangement with Messr. Ward, Lock 4' Bowden, Lid. [ALL 1(OTS RrSERtvED.] CHAPTER XII. owRVN'S ,MISTAKE. "Floy," said Arnold, after Dr. Virot'a visit to Ann on Wednesday morning, " let's go and have at look at Aunt Alico'a grave." Pleased by the suggestion, Plorence assented, and a little after noon they aee forth. In a email wicker bshkot rhe carried a few Lent lilies, removed from her own garden bry the roots, and on the top of them a trowel. On the way to the churchyard, she pointed out Colonel Askew's house. " You remember, that is where the bur glary was committed," she said. "Yes, ' he answered ; "and what is more, Uncle Roderick came this way." " How positively you spenk I" " I am as certain as if I had seen him. Floy. lie left the house and took thi road. and went in by the lych-gato, just atr wo are going to do. If ho did not wunt to vwoit tle grave, what did he want!" A few nrinutoes lter they wore standing at its foot. There, beneath the yewr tree, which for centarles had stood in the smeo place, whilst history was making and Fl or.nce' ancestors were born and livid their brief spans and died, was the headstone, coverei with the names of ,roevios I)orwents. The spot was completely hidden from passera-by in the road, and Florence could .go down one her knees to plant the Lent lili,,s in the oblong patch of mould, at present tilled only with bmall evergreen shrubs, without the, slightest fear of hIung seen. '" 'Poor mother," sthe murmured, glancing up at Arnold. " Howr swee"n bh was I 'lo you, who saw her only in perfect bl.alth, it must seem impossible to realise that she it gone." " I beg your pardon, F'ly," he raid. arousing himself from a tit of rbttracton. "Iwathnking of uncle. It's ceutain he came hero; I'll Swear to that. Now the question is, what lappened next ."' She bent lowenr ovr the daff..dils, nind Arnold thrat his hands in his pockets, anol strolled away to too lych-gate, olrlanolng under his brenath. As they drew near Forest Prospect on his way home, Owen came f,,rta "Is that the Joenny ?" asked Arnold. "That is Mr Fa'rturd." "You may as weltl ntroduce me." She stopped and did as hoe requested, un able to tatrain from comnparaons between the two men. Owen stood a head tale, than her eu.in,, but was not quatu so treat. Hie looked quato listleas this morning as he inquired after Ann. " tau's worar, ' answered Arnol, for her. " An awful bore; it turna te e noseu into a hospital. For my part, I've had about enough of ho.pitaas. By tlhe bye, Mer Fair ford, you might give us a look in. CoUme t, duuner. \Vlasn tello Fly ? ' But Owen declted to come to dinner, whilst expressing his pleoaure to join them later. " At about nine o'clock," he said. " As I used to do, Miaa Derwent. ' On hs arrtval, he f,,und Arnold alone in .the drawing-room, Foruenc having gone up stairs to the nock woman, "'-Msi Derwent did not expect you home so soon," io solaid, when Artlold bade himt sit down, but tno next minute te was rising to greot Florence. "'o," Arnold answered. "It's lucky I sailed when I did. Old Edwards' letter might never have reached me, and I ver) seldom looked t a paper. There's been too much time lost already. It may prove a long job." "oa long job-I beg your pardon " said Owen, looking quite at a loses. " To prove my unle a death, you knov.' Arnold Derwent was one of that kind of persons who cannot in any circumstances keep their own counsel. Nothing was more foreign to his nature than reticence, and he woula discuse his most intimate private affairs wist a stranger. His thoughtsleaked out of him, somlotlu?e trickling gradually, like the contente of a defective cistern, at others gushing boldly forth as if the main had burst. '" You sea," he continued, apparently un conscious that this plain reference to her father could be painful to Florence, " there a o lhttle to help one. Odd, is,'. it, that a respectabl, standy -going,tnudeltaged gentle man should be able to disappear ?--by the bye," he continued, whilst Florenceglanced deprecatingly at Owen, " it nwas qat waste of energy to offelr a thousand ; live hundred would havo done. Now I wonder how Viret would like to have to hand that thousandpounrdaover tome. Will you comin and smoke, 1'airfurd 1' " Not just now, thanks." " You do smoke, of course "' "Oh eas, but not here, Mr Dorwent oh jeoted.' "Ah, but he's dead, you see." "Arnold," cried Florence, provoked al. most beyond bearing, "I told you bolore that it ws not certain. Please lon't spoak as if you aotually knew." '" \hatdo you think ?" Arnolddemanded, facing Own. " If he's not dead, where the devil" ha " "T.o same question might be asked in any case," Owen answocred quietly. "If Mr Derwvent ie dead, where in ht body I" "ltidden, of course. But it must be hldden pretty far out of lthe way to oscste me. I ant hero to tind it, and, depentd rpon it, I shan't loon a chance, My cousnn thinks I shan't succeed, becauae that Junggle of an inspector falted. I know their antiquated way of goaig to ttort. " Many onu intuire your owtn mnethod ? s'laSmply to ketp nty eye opten aud eus my curuoen-asens. It ean to huat up every suirincoas character in tle pl eo." "Are thuro any f'naid Ol ea. '"I daroe sayync know that lem practically a stranger about h ler." SThe burglars for sone, Anyway," con tinued Arnold ltnowngly, " I n neer, sntL 1 have goad calm at stake. O coaotae," he added, ul.aegardnog Fiorenc'' very obvious frown, "Itt a a bnud nnee for m, eouiee." Owen rose, and stenehlng o the hloIttnt lug, lo?ked down at Fluoetce. "Miss Dorvent," hte atd, cutting Arnold short, "I have never had the plotausu of bearinog you slng." tes o1awn t touched thole inoesince--" Arnold hadstodbtttnnetti upon ttea tt uio sont ol rt, day-rather clur erry, _No soonr did he finish than, soingog round on the stool, he anolnamad "Of oourana nmaei who ia really bent upon suniode wmll walk ,lelnnl.os ter Fntrfordl." sdno he eruacr, elotermineti to osbuogO thn t,,io iuntatltOstltn a1 ive not told you el Liens.t frighlt o0 Molndy right, or, ratheer, it oc 'l'utadsiy nooroneg. alle dilisteahe the;ye "u toon-e nIl- osnai :, on tao rlterthrbag--ahn Lotinod that he atuntot lregatly autd grnppjed oue lapel of his Ifrnooat m each nelltet. ia, mine an a aiG was orfoatly aell.to~sseaaod and at ense, suddnnly moaned to beooloe ttitf anod lon arteined. ,. Fitr away, llty i" cried Aernolt, leactog the muniettool oud tllnghl Ihnetuose II inltu ann aralnohur feoiog hor. Aa she otntluutd tshe ould uot elp look. IogntOnen agmn, ?ervousty, nppelohncantsoly ha tlities, lies could noteoanclvo wollshtbal Itnppeasd to maka hilme uuneornfrlabl, yeti Ossaisdly ho lncited ill at ease. "Ann baing woro that night." 1:lorenc, raid, "1 sentLizzio (or l)r Virat. But whin she drew neao r the hurchyard "--Flornaote obsarved Owen't lingers tighten on his aont, hit knuokleo looaed quite strainedol,-- h saw, or tnought she maw, a tall woma. n n black." Glanoing at her cousin, Floreneo atw that Owen's manler had attracted his attention also. Arnold was watching his faoo atten tivoly, and every particle of colour ehl: d to go out of it till oven bll lips appeared '" Flro away, Floy !' sid Arnold, a second time. "I like tlis; it's getting intereatng." Bat he did not atJift hit eyes from Owen'o face a moment. " Thero-there is not much more to tell," she said, nervous froma .ympatlhy, "t xOlpt that Lizzio soreamed o nd ran home, and arrived Ihalf wild with fear." Owen lifted hit shoulders and drew a long breath. '" What was the woman like " Arnrold domandod. d " 'Druoa d in hlak, you say." "All oxcpt her hands. heo wore a thick veil." " Odd to go prowling about the villago at half.pa.t oto in the morning; don't you think o, Flairford 7' "I beg your pardon, what hdid you say 7' Oweo aakedl. Flortnce had naever heard hia voice vibrato in that way hithlerto. "Odd that a awoman, toll, dretvod in black, aveiled, should hbe prowling about the village after midnight. Who ca0 shlo be, Fairlord 7" "I am sure I-" He pauoed, and hi? face had coolour enough la it llw. Atcr a momena t of paillul embarraasme:l.ot, ie soepped neroer to Florence and loffred his allll. "I think I nmust coy good-night, "liss D aerwett." 'SJ S r onl," she faltered. Blut her con. oventinal protest wan niplped in the bud by his look of entreaty. Proeaing her hoed, he left tile rtoao without taking the least notice of Arnold. As soon as the door closed he rose tx. aitedly. " Floy," he demanded whyadidrt't you tell In about tlis woman bafortu ' " Simply because it did not occur to me." "OU our.o o hoblings out next door." "\Vay should shoel" Florencea asked quickly. " You ask that, after seeing Fairford give himself away as he did I You ought to oate told me, Floy; if I'm to get at the cruth you mustn't keep back anything. NSv I have something to go upon." "1 don't tee what.' " Don't youo Now listen to me, Uno.o Itoderiok either went away of his own aacord, or he killed himmslf, or got killed. A man can't hide hia own body alter killang himself ; another man may hide it for him. No use to sauspect thbo paron or the doctor, or any ordinary Chrlastan. You moust look for uome one o ot of the common--tha *oeoan for instance. Now, who lives at oorest 'rospect''' . " Owenu oirford." : " Yes, yea, but who lives with him 7" '?No oneo but the servanta," she replied reluotontoy. SY.u don't mean to] tell me he lives alono ' '"1 have never heard of any one living .ith haa.," she said. " But-"' "" Watt a moment, Floy. Von saw he neow all about the woman. No man over gavo himsutt away mote he.utlfully. II ant doesa't live noext door, where does she ,too vu he must ang out somaewhero in K.,oktield. Whot I want to know I., 'YuL know all that I do about her, Arnold," Florence answered wearily. "oI on't know much yet. But he knows .var)thiag. If tno was prowling about .loudly aagot, why oct other sights? why out tile nlKgt Ullnito ,aderomk uappearsa l' ouppoae she saw him I'" t aae iold, though nothing is more un. akely-" Sif l-you treat it coolly. Floy. Why, it would hb mout important evadeoneas it currielid s history down nearly three hours later. he could toll ui for certain watch w.y he went." '" Suorty," Florence urged, ' if she could ell us, wnoaver she It, and wherever she onea, she would have none so at frst. What reason could ano have for secrecy Y" "'I don't know that," Arnold answered, "bu t a is the best clue that has turned up yet. Hleroisa wom.n whom no neas h ever .aurd of, who undoubtedly laves a the village, t he is in the habit o walking about fuor tom reason of her own in-the middle ol the night," " \\\ano is known to have walked through the village one night, Arnold." 'iTher," he cosanauadexdltedly, "there's this to remember. You toll your story to Fairlord. Y s toee that he knows all bout ntr. Yet, instead of offeraug an explana ton, he simply skedtadles. I teall you plaiily, I shan't be satosdiod till 1 run hbr to 000 th." .o01 course, if that Ia the case," she answcred, " the only honourable course is to ask Mr Fadoirlord lor an explanation." Siho ouuld never aak hlun hurrelf, ardently as site longed to learn the truth; but then l.ho woulu never, on the other hand, take one .tep to ind at out. Yet it iwas true, an Arnold said, that Owen had betoayed hint. ,olf ; and BForeno also felt eoutident thts, whoever at was that terrified Lizzoe, Owen know all abolut ler. " I'm noa qutto Juggins !" cried Arnold, in prooound atsgust. '" lbgh a man with nlo o o.n ?ttapoua, that's mny gamhe." ho manite no aurtatar aoltarm, and toon atterwmardsbadeh, er cou iu gaood-night, Hoer sympathltot were eulau?vetly walt Owtn. In aid honor her oUonadeuoo woat completo. ohs never wavrcLd tu hot tdoaa. Tnaoot om mystery ovoreaoalwed his life ash had long felt a.aurtd, as now that taills Oman "as at tho heart of It. Lad tho live at l'oteat 'ro.peot, as Arnold iuatead? At least, It aeomedo probable. ttooktield was not a largo all.ge, anti l'oreuoce, hiavug lived o it, atl hter lit,, could call to .lnltod uma t every house it cuntam d. If the wtmatl ta na t live Iluxa t doo, ohUro, las Abrnold asktL:d, could ahlo la o bet at so0 dwsel wHtt OUou, wlay had he never oetn hinted at hoer coxttcnou! The utloat thao ahe ouo d have oavn- the rmnotes- ,anuatio tatit hetr father's dat ,apparanco u lotlee set alsue ns abaurd, antd aOe round haroL ailuallltlg that .OwCn algnt pteer?e hIn stcrre ASalnlra tier coudanu trueoua todootn to 1ollul tou it. Itr s ? olnpuo..tiu to Iol anot a feeling of oaaont 0ae , to .tlaoJl, a Luaeu ti amL neC attaoUnuu, \\\ha a:u Ih ollclap early the oast oaullasug, haer last tluogut woa toul- \\\Loat tal Ol en Ft'.?turt'a os ainatao to Ltha ny.aterouut wotlnat? Could It be that alo was 1a1 s4tto .O CHAPlTEI XIII. T'?* AUIT-tIA-FE. I waotedA a wout. altlaa yo, da.ttoro,"said Arnbola Ld, rtot,.v ayaythlotr. alova?r.V t m cltlu tiuou?,atre Iel.. Ani.A r, dui tau ul totataag ataIaag. "Ito uU I001nd ooaalaag utuo tha atuoy. 'lo lo aut ., I taiak 1'% gut a "ine." "Il u, I you haven't Leoe lolg about it," ejaaultotu IDr. V\'trt, fulohowg ltalln Iato ula rue. can " y that lot ,1a0.lf." ArnolId con anlcaad3 ots oa, iott, a so iol jiuuadtoa 0"w0ht-ao rtl o. thho loott t sU oln ' u a tI the tlago .1luday i. tzio is a lool. It that is your clto', i "*'lhtl'a ahoto yuu'ru poaa r a lttat Arnullt, as li-traoeou o qualtly jil-too thlaea. ..tl. A oato, tooa ....... o Y .......Iy , a ,. obay to, luo ttaaa atloalo't, latrot nvt to)tataht. Slla uw anlabouay rithlt oauagn. You know .arlttod naat oour I' Ia ' t'ot' atow hlo," waas the reply. Lorl o L, kil tUt l s tlu U ttat t, t t C It pU t. 0 said lotol. "It is a lac that this atlalollan woa poruwhda loblotad On 0 ta .loatl. oht.o,, w'l') nt mhI ot tsou 0 ou ho brat oigh .t"Cl too I Anild iat so, tIaJlunLdd to one tlU asw ,\ald yto Iaoll hter tooguo aboutt i ll ax olaird tol it, ilto t vtoadulouwly. "'.x tttlllaly unalauayl I Voltlltl ale ogeorally ltodyaaohughb to Itk, luaavan koowt.o" "Oh, yonmakomotirod l Ofoourse,ifyo, sit upon every suggestion, it's no uao going In. I merely eaoe a theory; if it won't work, give it up and try another; only, aton least, let it have a chance. You can't deny thero'sR a good deal that's fishy. 1'11 swear the wooau is connected wito n airford--moat hkely hie wife." "WViat do you mean?" Dr. Viret do. manded. " What makes you say that I" "She must live somewhereo. airford is suppooed to have the house next door to himsulf-rot I Now, why has he novereven hiotd at her existence, doctor ?" "oSurely," said Florence, Itfr Fairford may have excellent reasons for keeping his owr ununsol, which don't concern us." " Oh, no doubt he has the boat of reo sons I" Arnold retorted. "Sho never appoears by day-a regular night bird. You o't deny that it looks ouspioioos, doctor." Dr. Virot hesitated, and looked extremely judicial for a few momenta. "If thero is such a person in existence," hloe admitted, "no doubt it does look strange. But is thero ? You have only thta Sally woman a testimony ; and oven if that is to lh dppended upon, how do you know that alohe is connected with Firord ?" " Becaueo ha gave himself away so beauti fully. Unmistakable. Florence saw it too. Oho began to tell uno ablout Lizzlie's fright, and tirh man was like a ghost. Oh, there's no doubt he knov e just all about her." " VWell thou, granting all that," said Dr. Viret, " it does not follow that she can toll you anything about Mr Dorwont. If so, of course she would have spoken long'beforo now; and the idea of her being actually conaueoted with the crime is absurd- she would have no earthly motive." Arnold thrust his hands deep in his trourers pockets, and looked up into Dr. Virot's face somewhat portly. " Have yo never heard of a murder without A motive Y" he asked. "'Oh, Arnoldl' cried Florence. "You can't think she " "Look here, Floy" said Arnold. " I have told you already, I'm only trying to start a working theory. You've heard of homicidal mania, doctor, I suppose!? Imagine this woman is a lunatio." "I should have to imagioo she was kept under proper control as well, Mlr Derwent." "She ought to be--granted. i doesn't follow sho to. Supposune'a Fairford'e wife and a luny In order to oavoid putting her away, he bides her. She is liableo to perrt oaical attacks of mania. You must have oonle across hosts of ouch cases. t'nos pr. ttoular night-the night of Uncle ltodurlok's diappearanuce--she runs mad at the wrong time." " Absurd I imposoiblo I" exclaimed Dr. Viret. "I never heard auytoing more ridiculous in all my lifo, never. Sueo a woman would leave too body where it lay." He glance? anxiously at Floreneo's pale face as he ceoed dpu.kng And she, despite the tmprobabtlity of his thtory, coud not prevent prv front tormenting her. Her rpoor father I andpoor Owen alo ! In uoignt te true, and he gunorant; or it might be hrdiculounsy untrue, an Dr Vires avowed. Atnurd's dogmatre, eager manner lent tho outgo-tlon a kind or plauiObility, nod, rave tuapeotor tlolt's, no other theory had heoon propouned. "oNu, no, not no fast," said Arnold. " Some of teseo lunts are devinlsn ounui.g. If n is not wrong in her mind how doyo account fur her wuy of lrving-fur all thi? coufounded mytsery ? If heo ro not mad, wat sto osohe 2' After Dr Viret had expressed his dissent with increased force and g.ono hack to his Iaboratory, Arnold still continued the dis uauosot, and tnough Florence presently lest him to seek Ann, she wan compellted to meet him at moats, when she hoeard the argumenrt restated. " You know," he said, after dinner that evening, "I'm working for yon quite as moon as myself. Come to that, I oan'o want to injure the woman or your friend Ftrfood either. They may hoth be as innuocut as I am, and that's just what I want to nnd out." "But how, Arnold? what can you do t" "Taots a matter for consideration," he replied. "I'll have a pipe and turn it over in my mind. Oneo thing is plain: I can't touch a penny of Uncle IRodrick's money tili I prove has death. But I shau't stop t0ere, 'loy. Thio old place wouldn't be hauitablto ithout you. You haven't for guoton the good old times. They wero good times. I often thought of them when I was away." "At Tenoriffo, Arnold ?" "Ah l" he cried, with o pleasant laugh. "one to you, that You may non believe it, but I often think of your dragging me out after primrooes in the w ood. Homember that day 1 bagged tho pheasant's eggs, and they broke otr my pocket!" Tuo truth about me is just this, Floy : if you stick to me, I can keep straigot I but if you don't wrll, I shall go to the dCuce headlong. Iom just imperfect without you, and with you---" "You are perfcet, Arnold F' she suggested, with a smile, albeit a rather sad one. "At all events, Im as good no most Johnnies," he rotooted. "1 may not be hble to writu poetry, like Uncle liudoriek. I never believed in that rot. But my batring aveoraogo was twenty the last season I played, and I can tight-thero. I don't w:?nt to brag; and whatevor I ar., your word is law, and you can twist ino round your Ihtto tingor, Floy." Ho had, at least, Furnished her with food for reflectiun. Had she really oo much in tloence over him ? and, if no, could it be turned to a useful purpose, to induce him to reiinqluish his 1de of attempting to probe Owonoasroot 2 F'orof this ashe felt crtain. : nothlug could result but disastor, of what nature she dreaded to imagine. Her own curiosity had become extreme, her curiosity to leton whether the wouran she believed to live at Foreat P'rospect ans Owen's wife. About tre hour wron Florouce retired to ?i n'a room for the mngbt,Joo Uodgor lapponod to be srtanding at the ohack wntudow uf his bedroom admiring the moon, low down over tire trees tops. The noose had been in dlarknuoos suno time, and too night being hofe, he was wondering whether or not too poison in whoum he tort o deep an rturest would ntt forth Though he had followed her on every occasion but one, when he had snuu oir quit the house, and was not far oif on the occasioun o Lizzia's fright, having indeod just succeedo t on hiding himsltl in time to avoid doteorlon, he had never dis covered any purposu iol er peregriunation. Sile wuot out, usually taking the aono ulreotios, and ca0n0 hIome again ; and, at tnu0 preoot rate, a year might elapse and doe unou the woror. He otood at his Wtll dow, Staring at the sinkung mnoo, limueting h0s iupoot?oUo, when suddenly Ite oo n toUiUlnoed a patch of Ilkorrtng light thrown 00 to tile garden houd, lwhli a few ronulent8 b/foro looked qute black. \\\ lint dod tent light roigouy ? \VelI, t u seemed to ipont to tuo lac thrt soou uno wua u tthe Sloen, atprrutly mnakrng up a blazing lore there. 0tw 0 ou.lt Joe ortrnio a view of this partL"utut he wall to foamiliar with ? After a low nuumato' redooot, he foromed his ilaus, anti, taking one or two usreut ionple moot-, 0t forth to carry them out. suAnk oao. Into tlofs JoueLaconderl, but nnow unly wao the wul0low Ihun, ire green cotton blnd was drawn dowu. Otnerwiso, he onirgh houeasioy eonrrlndoe a vilew o tho ltooea, thloero bhiog door botwoen It and tou0 oullry, nten was soedom e losod. ut lie dreduo not open the windowr, let lhveo shrould hOear. Tokon a chisoltromn hin clrokot, hu psaood it dottly round too pane, outl0u0g deep otue the putty ou three rides, and nuldiug Io fn otitoun with boo oxtundod lingers whilst te loosened too fluorto. lit nert roleoved the pane of glass, loylog it onreoutiy upon the edge of 0t0, area, 000, nputting hit ouio1l oway, took 0ut a 000ur. aahriler to Yo~od to.. kLuu o, do0 rgaiost tbe blond he heLd his breath. Tlhr sure of thre ooinioo lOoglht nttruot utrtntiion Oooo ionigthr even he lookiog his oooy at thu Ioroooeut the bltdo penetrated. Lur tltrt is 0an Oeon in thre btchlor he felt io tluot whhartovr. 'leo sound of foalnrc ruoolool Joe's roto i what wore they Intndoed to dentroyf Oue 0ut downwards ar luoh loug, two at rtght anglot, ano a Ilap wM foumod, whioh he lost no t(mn ln druwiog haek. lif right eoy immediately sought tho hole. Ho could command a full view of one half the hkitchen. Watching the tlames, Owre stood, his arms flolded, his face lighted by the lire, wearrmg an expression of leatning and drrgust. After disappearing a moment, ha re ettrre Joe's field of vision, carryimg a fargo brown paper parcel, which he leung tto tho grata, afterwards presring it dlow vith the tonga. Again he dibappcared, this time returning with a bottle; uncorking it, he emptied the oertelltt upon the lire, etart lug bhack alertly as the llameca hurst forth wlth renewed vigor. O een' profile stood out distinct and clear as he sat upon one corner of the plain deal ae-,lu, his arme folded, his lips firmly set, entil the flames grew emader and the thadows danced more weirdly on the coiling and walls, and at last they grew dim, and died out altogether. Thou Owen left the kitchen, and Joe qluiely openrd the window and entered it. But though he lighted a candle and raeed ever the eehes, he could discover nothing to fford a elue to their origin. It was an tour later when he mnade his exit, as much at a se as e over, but not before placing the pane ef glass at the bottom of the area, and eauttously setting his foot uponit. Porhaps Mra Jnawdrey would imagtee that it had fallen out; at all events, with all her watch fulness, he would scarcely suspect Joe of its removal. CHAPTER XIV. AnNOLD M1AKES A CALL. " How's old Ann, Fioy ?" asked Arnold at breakfast on Saturday morning. "Had a pretty good night " "A night of grot pain," was' the answer. "LEvery now and then she starts up in agony. Dr Viret anys she will die in one of theso pnroxysms." " Angina pectoris, that's true enough," he oid sagely. " You ought to hve a nurse. lhoidea of you having this sortof thing oight niter nigh. I" ' There i the expense to be considered," ohe replied, rather wearily. "You forgot that Dr Virot practically pays for every thing, Besides, Ann is not an ordinary er oant. I like to do what I can for her." " Oh, all right, if that's the case," he ex claimed, rasing abruptly. " By the bye, Iloy, t'm goog to mntke a little call." " ?'hr?" oue aked, looking up quickly. " Nex door, to be sure." " Oh. Arnold V' "why not ' he demanded. "? hy shouldn'o I return Foirford's visit? Nht much harm In looking up a friend of yours nld Uncle llodoreck's, is there, Floy? W\'hat nave you gou to suy against il? You've no reason, I'll swear." "Never mind my reason, Arnold. I am ure you won't go. I don't want you to go. I aok you to oublgo me by .tf)iog away. 'Look h,. Fuy," he answered, " tere's hardly anytamg you ocn ask me I wont' uo gondoy." "U e can generally obtain what one does not want,' she ooturned. "Thore is nothang loa 1 wish to aok you, but I do vory partucularly want you to oodige me in thi.. A. she sat gazing eagerly in oisfiace, he Uncl. Roderek ?" he demandedl o 01 coue, ou anew I do . You know how anxtus 1 am to learn the truth. Bot neither Alr Faifurd nor-nor ano o.e at aoe houe can nave the ,linhte.t gtlmmering of an idea of is. Nt any more mu you our Bellt have." " haven't a scrap. How should I have, oonouaeriog I was not even no England at tno time0? But she know ; t 0e more 1 thonk of It the more sure I beoomn." o" rnen," she said. risingand drawing her self erect, so that he f.rgut Owen 0or the moment to aomire her gLuaouua form, " you relfue to obigo me? Iask you toduo ijos this one aioopon tams, an )ou say no." *"Id douood asgnu rather say yoea," ho replied; *"and it's for your ease I stand irmn quite as onuon a my own." "'lnat," sh retorted,· "is perfect non sense. I don't want you to do anything for uoy e00o." " Well," he urged, "if you really believe the womon is ignorant, where is the hlar in my cattiug upon Fatrlord? Why ohuold you be so preoious anxious she shouldn't , ron to eartoh' Shn. dunhd prettily. "Not for tont reason at all," she answered. " BInt you believe this-toas person fives at Forcat Prospecs." '"o S o you, Floy." '"And o she does, that Mr Fairford wishes to keep his own counsel nconorning nor. I hate tots notion of prying into another persono a ffirs:' " That begs thie entir question, I main. tain it is my affair-very much my affair. Ise not as though I intended to give my self away. It's true mean to go, but no will nover know why. Just a friendly loo up, you know." " Friendly " she exclaimed contempt uously, and, leaving him, went away to torment herself by wondetiug whether, in her eorot dere to help Owen, she had not been butra)ed too far. Woa she so sure that this pereon had no coaneolioo, however innocent, with her father's disappearonce? I'at she prrpared to forego a knowleodge of the truth sooner than bring hurther trouble upon Owen? For of ,no thing sho felt no doubt : whatever explanation of the mystery mnigh eventually hbe forthcoming, It must nee noarly n roedound to Oen's credtt. Conserning Arnold an0 felt a trrah dis' appointment. So this was the extent of her illueonco over him, which he had vaunted. The day before yesterday he declared ohe posauased power to mute or mar his life; thin morung he relueed to give up one neslre in order to please her. hFortune, favouring the bold, poroape, dis covered Uwen on uis doorstep woen the visitor arrived at Forest hProspect about eleven o clock. '" A jolly morning, ' he exclaimed, in that peculiarly jaunty, cor.tial manner of hoo. "' So prcitous dull at huone, I tnougot I'd give you look up. I see your u latle nan like lmyeulf, o 111 jutn make myself at iome, an wnlf in." For a rn wlnont Owen seemed to hesitato, and Arnold tHbeg to expect a r0ebuf. Toon Owen stopped ,nto the hm lf. ". h, cutns in,' no 0a0i, in a tone whioh would have repulsed a leoans thlot-sktunnd l nan. o " Lount into tea ulimlOgroom, I0 ou on't lind. You'll have a or.nr t" "'Tnanks. Th worst of a house with a womal at the head of lt. Sno never under stand a fellow's wants. You cant hod is very Iroleeonmo hero," he added, helping tinsulf Iten tooe wnisky and too spnon whhlh Unoneu took from tne stdeboaod. " No, I don't," anseered 'atrford, follownug his guest's examplo, and sittong 'o My cousin tells me you live alone, too." Ow.n unodded oansut. "'Ho.w on 0art 0o you kfll time? By niluig btrots, I uppooe? Suoot at eet" "In Atprl?' oau.wnrrt Ooen, with a smlle. "1I forgot. 'ho tell you the truth, I think I'm going dutty. My nud nastuly got one idea in juat now. You see, I have all my work cut out. Imagine my positton-a thousand a yor reldy to drop into my bnds, and yet duvn t a sun ont . rtounh untd pI prove my uncle's dest. It lean't o munh thatn t at I actuatd by a desire to punish the murtderer-" "If ho was murdered." " Well, what to you think 1" "I try to keep an open mind until I see some more eviudeuun," auawntd Uweon. "Toot ho hanged I" n,ind Arnold, whose head soon became atffeted. "You can't help having a theory." •" It 1 wre bound to express an opinion," said Owen coldly, "'I hould aey .\lr 1)or. went committed suinidi." "T' on nhore cu cn-rth io the todly?:" "If I could answer that queltion, tile truth would have been klnownl loung ago. No doubt M\r Uurwent was beasduo imetll with grief. Ift bed had not boen dnaturoed ; he had not latn down that night,. Ito wr, heard to call his dead wtt l at eleven n u'olock -a sign his mind was unhinged, at all eventl , for the mtoment. I don't agree with li. spooter Ulont that he merely went away, simply beoouse I know of many oases whore ouioides have evidently tried to hide all trccs of their aots. Gud help them i" • Weol," answered Arnold, leaning excitedly forward, "I'll toll you what 1 uhove. You remembur my cousin's story .bouh the housemald, ood want she saw 2" Arnold waited for an answer, but none was furthcomoag. Owen's face, however, -,noamn a haoao paler, and taking a g.aos h lllel it from the syphon, and mosot.ued his " You remember that '" Arnold insisted. 'Yee, I remember that." The rroolloc ion apparently caused him anything but " Vry well. Now it's evident this 0oman prowlf about the village at night." "i Eidunt that she was walking um the vll:age ono sght, perhaps." " Whno is soo !" Arnold domanded, loaning lutherncroso the taolo. l NoOody know. wn soho is, whore she liveo. Nobody but this oorvans of ours over saw her. Musn 't ??oeo bo tome pretty strong reason for keep ing her dark " " Ishould imagine so." Owen moistened his lips a sooeond time. " Suppose she's a uny--" " I eg your pardon?' "A lunati--out of her mind, off her head, dolty, you know." Owen started peroeptibly. "Suppose aoa a Iunatoic, I say." "Yes, yea l I quite understand." "1 wish to o eaven l aid " Arnold ex olaimed. " Woell, then suppose, again, she osoousteres my noole that night of the ourth of March." Owen rose, and walking to the window, stood looking out of it. "My isaginatuon is not strong enough," he said quickly. ' Fairord," cried Arnold, rising impetu? oosly and coming behind him, " I deolare to lod I'll run that woman to earth I" " She may be as ignorant as the rest of os -as innocent." Owen seemed to be placing a great control upon himselt, speaking as , the words wore wrung from him. '"' Ten,"Arnold demanded, " why doesn't he speak out 2' "B'eing ignorant, how can she?" "She len' ignorant. Innocent she may be. I'll swear sh saw my uncle that night. Why is there so much mysteory about her 2" "Surely," Owen returned, "there may b exell.ont reasons for tnat--reasona of the -the woman's own, of no consequence to ny no eose." "I'll find out,' oried Arnold. The wisoat. course for her friends is to helpme. If they don' tos csnsequoneo s rast wlathem. It Idrop across her, itd have thats ved off her lace-" "ohe is a woman, Derwent," said Owen; nd his lists were nervously clenched. "A h.ng for tnat'l if she's a oovil, I shall tackle her." "' A you suggest," said Owesn, "she may bave fsiends, dlr oerwent." "I'm nos aora'd of them or any man living," Arnold retorted. " My ony wish sa to gpossastsou my oltyown. Wet, ' no added, "I lsdu't come nero to excuit my self, only to kill time-jus to look you up, you know. Time I was gettrog baok t a wusaneu. ' As no passed through the hall, he turned deierately and looke. about him. " A 'ncs old astrsaoe," he eaid. "You can't san you haven't plenty of room ; that' ay yout put toe paritiotn upp IsUppose. Yoell, g.od-be, Falratord. 1 hope you'll h:ve u. a luook up again before long; and otn't nu away so early next tune you tomeo a-td." Owen Fairford re-entered his dininog room, and walking to go tireplao, rested hsol hd in s hands. There was no one a s see has Iso, out nad there ueen a spoutator, ne would have needed a hard heart minse not to sympathise with its utter misery. Nor oud. A.,old appear. entirely pleased by the interview. "I 1win now I had taken your advice and stayed as home, Floy," no said, after lunonoon. " Thi's the worst of me : 1 nver sce things until it's too late. No; but l gained somethig. Ihad very liLttl doubt toeforo, but now '1l stoke my Ises ses lives there--oehlnsu that partsoion upasis. I'd give aometnmLg for a quarter of an bour hetlad it. ?til, 1 admit mande a mstake ; Ianowed my hand, you see." " I-1 don't quite understand," Florence onswered. " Well, of course, he knows l'm on the watch now. e'll keep her olse, whoever she is. He'll have to, if he doesn't want e to see her," (To be Coniiued ) 