Shrouded in Mystery OR. Which Girl DM He Many ? By Skipp Borlase, ^ Author of ' Fob True Love's Bake.* u THBEB XjOVELY WOJU-,' u Dahkeb Than* Death,' « As Ocean Secket,' ' Recalled to Life,' ' Riches to Bdik,' 'Wao Killed John j Oahbeo^i ' the Police SJtiNierEB,' Etc. CHAPTER XXX, TttF. INQUEST, — THE COHPSE IDENTI PIED— B-ALCAWUS GBftEKNVOOD HA6 A MISHAP. When Air Badeliffe had recovered the full possessionem hie faculties be didn't EBk wbat tad beoome of Lancelot Leigh or about any thing -clee, bat expressed a desire to go un mediately to bed, and when there insisted cn buying a stiff night-cap, having quaffod wh\ch be went at oncc to sleep. The next morning, however, he found him eell too ill to get op, and a doctor being sent for, and on arrival told all of the incidents of the preceding night, he declared that old John was Buffering from a violent shock to the system, which, working on a drink-shattered constitution, might or might not prove dangerous, hut he couldn't tell with anv certaintv iu*t vut. Bo he was bled and leeched and blistered, according to the custom of the period, when patients were perforce made to knock at death's door, and then allowed to try and dodge him around tbe corner as he opens it, oC which heroic treatment the medico wrote cut a certificate that he was wholly unfit to be present at the Inquest that at ten o'clock 'was to be held on the poor girl who lay dead at Limbo. He had been formally subpoenaed to attend u a witness while many thought that he would leave it as a prisoner, for 'twas not everyone who had heard Lancelot Leigh's address to the rioters. 'Even Mrs Radcliffe was glad rather than otherwise that her husband was to ill to be present thereat, though in point of fact she need have had no apprehensions on such a ecore, for, an hour before it was held, a poor woman came into Rochdale from the neigh borhood of Littleborough, laboring under great distress of mind, and t»n purpose to view the body. 'When she saw it ehc Nvas just barely able to recognise it, by the torn and mud-coated dress and the initials worked on the under linen, to be that of her daughter, Rachel Rhodes, who had been missing from home since the sadden rising of the river, and who she believed must have fallen into and been . swept away by it while on her Toad home along the northern bauk after dark. Her appearance and testimony gave the coroner and jury an easy task, and a verdict was almost Immediately brought in that the ! deceased, Rachel Rhodes, had met her ! death through misadventure, and that very ; afternoon, though not before it was high tinae, her body was interred in S. Chad's churchyard, for it would not bear removal | to ber native parish. I Of course after the inquest was over, and the full particulars thereof had got about, even the most obstinate and the most pre* iudiced absolved Mr Radcliffe from all blame, though, truth to tell, many a man bad been banged for wilful murder on far slighter testimony of guilt. Bat meanwhile where is Halcamus Green wood and what has he been about ? Mr Radcliffe had foolishly thought thai. St was he who in wanton mischief had Bet ToBspot and hiB companions upon ^lm, but in point of fact, Halcamus l^d had nothing whatever to do with the attack on The Wood, for he felt not the slightest desire to cook th& gooes which had just laid bim such a magnifioont golden egg, and who, he was aan^oinc enough to hope, would lay a similar oiie for him every year. Far from feeling in the mood for mischief Of any kind, his one thought and desire was to get back to Manchester with his spoil as fast as ever he could, and knowing that it woald be a rowdy night in Rochdale, and if he was recognised there by anybody he might be subjected to even rougher horse play than a few mornings previously he had suffered in S. Chad's churchyard and under Packer Spout, while in all probability he would be robbed during the process, h« went straight from The Wood to the Flying Horse Ian, and, a quarter of an hour later, had left the town behind him. He thought himself a very prudent fellow for so doing, and frequently indeed chuckled over his sagacity in the matter, and over his forbearance in not taking more than a single glass of brandy and water while bis nag was being saddled for him. Bat in point of fact, and as he within an hour discovered to his bitter sorrow, he bad merely jumped out of the frying pan into tiie fire, for scarcely had he left tbe Ion' sqnat tower of Middleton Church a couple of miles in his rear when, in the centre of what was then a desolate common, he was overtaken by a couple of mounted men, who imperiously ordered him to ' stand and deliver I' Halcamus Greenwood's reply was to drop tbe reins on his nag's ntck, and, quick as lightning, to pull a pistol out of each bolster and present them at his opponents, who eeemed to be armed only with heavy riding whips. I But they laughed loudly at this hostile | demonstration, and one o! them said tauntingly, 'Fire away. lad. there's nothing ' in 'em but powder and paper — the bullets were drawn in the stable of the Flying Horse, while you were away calling on old Rad cliffe. We guessed that yoa had gone to bleed your dad-in-law, and so we thought we'd in turn bleed you. What's good for the goose is good for the gamier, you know,' and thereupon they urged their horses to 1 within striking distance of him. I Halcamus Greenwood fired his two use- ! less weapons in the hope that flame ami smoke and noise would render his assailants' 1 horses unmanageable nntil he could whip a I third out of his coat pocket, namely, the j little double- barrel which he carried with ; him to overawe Mr. lladcliffe in case his : raSe should prove stronger than his pru- j dencc. j But the result oi this ruse was that he frightened his own steed even more than the highwaymen'6, and it commenced to rear and plunge in so frantic a manner that to got at his reserve pistol, and at the same time maintain bis seat, was a matter of sheer impossibility. Vainly be dug his spurs into the maddened brute's flanks, for it continued to paw the air with its fore hoofs, and lash out with its hind ones, instead of runningaway, as its rider so ardently desired it would do, and in half-a-minute more the two highwaymen, whose manners and masked faces were the sole token of their profession (if, indeed, they were anything more than amateurs therein), had edged their nags near enoup-h to strike, one on either side of their perfectly hclpless victim. The blows of their lead-loaded whipB were simultaneous, and both of tbem taking effect on Grceuwood's bead he dropped to (he ground like a stoor, his hors-1: then, \vh- n too late, dashing oil across the moor as f:ust as ever it could tear, leaving him stunned and insensible among t he gors1-- and huath-- r. The two highwaymen quickly dismounted, and while one held ihe horses the uihor rifled Greenwood's pockets; bis comoanion, however, watching him keenly the while. They seemed to be delighted with their find, and one remarked to the other, , * Mate, this repays us for our four days' c!os .? I watch over him, and for our two trackings | of him to Rochdale and back. Didn't 1 t-ell ! you from the first that he was a chap who I had a good jtlant somewhere or other ?' | ' Well, Larry, you were right. J'.ut we'd 1 better be thinking of the future instead of I the past just now,' retorted his companion, Immediately adding, ,l [ Uelie.ve we've regu larly settled him. and bo we'd bettor use our four-legged horses to escape from the mare ?who has only three.'* ' That's right enough, Larry. J7a d we heat ride back to Mam-hestcr, think you ?' ' No, Manchester's loo near, and knows too much of us as well, Let's try Liverpool. We can get thare and into snug hiding ae well before day dawn if we only use our spurs.' This proposal seemed to lie a welcome one to the other highwayman, for he rejoined. 'All right, I'm your mau,' and, quickly re- : mounting, the brace of worthies si ruck oft across the common iu the direction of Leigh. But Halcamus Greenwood was not ' regu larly settled ' after all. It would have been a fortunate thing for the family, for 6ir Henry Howarth of. Olegg Hall, and for many other innocent , people as well, if he had tsen, though at the same liuie it would have had the effect of '^Mring our talc a brief one. Bat each villains as he die hard, and io the present Instauce, before the night was half over, the driver of Isoxne pack horses stumbled over his body -while, Ie fcas fol lowing his ecore of 'gilfe' 'i'iross the com mon, and, on finding tnat the cause of his faU.tvas'k 'sita who still lived And breathed, tie fiftt of all bandaged up hiB head to the best of bis ability, and then, laying him across the hindmost of his steeds as though he also had been a bale of merchandise (though, to be sure, bo v*aa incapable of being borne thereon 'Jc. t&y; other manner), he carried htm tWs to Manchester, and finally wot^uit of him at the door of the old hospital, wherein be was laid up for a con siderable time, incapable of doing any further mischief, though not for long from contemplating what he would do as soon as ever he waa able to get out and about once more. With Halcamus Greenwood laid up in hospital, and old John Radcliffe in his bed, and with Lancelot Leigh bound down as it were to remain inactive until Mrs Radcliffe is able to tell btm where to aeok for Rose, and with Rose's whereabouts a complete mystery, we have clearly no resource open to us but to return to Cicgg Uall, and for awhile to keep all our thoughts and attention concentrated upon what happens there. This will be no hardship, for wc shall have plenty to engage both ; indeed, it would be; cacy for ub to construct a three volume | romance out of the terrible and «p\:ftling incidents tliat are destined to !iappcn there- ; in, though in our ease these will have to give place in turn to the still stranger and more tremendous events which will occur in that , old house in Goose Lane, which was ouly pulled dowd some twenty nine years ago, and even then owned its ghost, its dungeon, and its treasure chamber— indeed, it was said by some to be nearly a thousand years old, and at one time to have formed portion of a monastery and much later a convent. Rome of the older Inhabitants will readily rcmembar tlilB house, and they will find no difficulty whatever in believing all that we Bhall have to tell concerning it. CHAPTER XXXI. ONCE MOUE AT CLEGQ HALL— A 6PECTBE AT TUB WINDOW. Lady Howarth's love for Cicgg hall and its inmates did not itensify with a longer acquaintance. That lock of faded golden hair, with the fragment of pcalp adhering thereto, came between her and her husband as though it were the white band of the dead waving them apart, Bo that she involuntarily shrank from his caressess ; and he soon discovered this, and asked her the reason, but she did not dare to tell him— she was indeed afraid of him now. But 6hc dissembled clumsily, and he could not but he aware that she was either deceiv ing him or at the very least hiding some thing from him, conduct that made him more suspicious than ever, and indeed at times he was almost exasperated with her because she would not open her heart to him and explain her past, connection (for he felt sure there had been one of some kind) with the man who had compelled him to bare her branded shoulder for inspection. However, his wife no more dared refer to the past than she dared speculate on the future. And the mo6t painful thing of all was that she could nowhere look for symj- athy. Dame Dorothy was humble to a degree that savored of sarcasm- Her curtseys seemed to pink lower and lower every time she encountered her, but thL-re was an ex pression about her puckered-un mouth that seemed to say, ' This is only acting. I bow before a mock queen whose reigQ will be a brief one. and who even now only wears the crown while 1 wield the sceptre.' At all events this was the young wife's interpreta tion of h-r manner. And then Lucy Howarth ; though she at first frequently sought her presence, and tried her hardest to make friends with her, at each visit the unhappy girl's terror and evident aversion for her seemed to increase, so that ere long her step-mo' her avoided going near her for Lucy's sake aB well as her own, ihough her pity and sympathy for tbe hapless child continued to be as intense As for the servants, they seemed to be Dame Dorothy's 6irvants rather than her own, and to treat her as an honored visitor at the hall instead of as its mistress. ever she rang a bell it was the housekeeper who anBsvered it, sq that very soon Lady Howarth came almost to regard her as her goaler. It was a foolish idea, perhaps, but she certainly entertained it when more than usually low spirited, and even when she laughed at the notion it was in an unnatural sort of way. ! She was surprised, too, that no visitors called upon her, and very naturally bo, for it was somewhat remarkable to sav the least. Rut she did not know that Dame Dorothy on her own responsibility denied her to them, declaring that she was indisposed, or from home, and as the old walls were so thick, the ancient knocker, the bell so dull of sound, and the windows of the rooms which she mainly occupied looked oat at the back of the mansion upon the wild and neglected high walled garden, with its leaden statues and I broken fountain, ehc never knew that they ' had been near the place. Her husband left her more alone cach day. a fact which she was thankful for, yet 1 at the same time regarded as being an j evidence of cruel indifference on his part. I To be sure, when he was with her he I seemed to be always surveying her, as though be expccted her every instant to commence some confession which he would reouire great fortitude to listen to, and an immense I amount of Christian charity to forgive the I subject matter of ; and every day too, he | seemed to grow more and more dissatisfied 1 because this confession was still withheld, conduct which, believing that he lived in a , house of glass himself, his wife secretly re- j sentcd. 1 Yet for all this she fell his conduct keenly ' when he absented himself for hours at a Not that he wa6 not continually trying to be kind, amiable, and incurious, but then he almost invariably broke down in the attempt. However, upon one of these occasions, she tried just as hard to banish her fears and her suspicions of him. and said smilingly :— 11 This is my birthday, and you have neither congratulated me, made me a present, nor wished me many happy returns of the day. Nice kind of conduct truly in a hus band who a6 yet is hardly more than a bridegroom. What do you mean by it, ?' 1 am very sorry,' he replied in the same strain, 'but the old proverb declares that it's never too Jate to mend, and we will sec if there ib any truth in it,' aud without another word he quitted the room. ?? He lias boughi me a present after all, and remembered the day as well, but thought he wouldn't make any reference to it per haps uDiil we down \o guppiT, and that 1 suppose b'cnuec he only purchased the gift to- dav. I knew he's been to Manchester for Bomeihing,' La.lv Howarth reflected a* soon as he had closed the door behind him. IUit prrpi-nily she heard the distance the rust v t,rro--| 1 of another door, marking ltasou-.-th,it was KeMura opened, anil (die murmured 10 h- lb -lf while a sudden pallor eanie int-- iu-r ' ami lips, ' lie has gone into !he north Oh, he has surely goau into t.he north wirig.' She Kink into a chair and began to wish, though blie Fcarc-ly knew why. that she had made no reference to her natal day at all, aad she was still worrying herself in this manner when she heard her husband's voice, | evidently addressing Dame Dorothy, and saving, ?? li i* ynur lady's birthday no let 11s ; a dnint} liMle supper, an j decant a boiiV of 1 hat Imperial Tol.ay with the I yellow seal.' 'Yes, Sir TTarrv, vou shall be oboved in all thinps. Wtp . dearie, dearie me,l haven't d. ranted a bniile of Dial wiue Kmc» my dear h:;t mistress' last birthday, and this is the r.nniwinary of her death. Good heart alive. J shouldn't wonder if (hat Tofcay was as old as but wine improves with Lady llowarth caught every sellable of the old housckui-per's answer, and it struck her that i1. was as sibilant in its tones as the hiss of a K-rpem. As to her husband, it seemed tn inflict won»e than a s-Tpeut's bite upon him, for she heard him make reply, in one of those harsh whispers that are as audible as words spoken jdmj I — ' Now may heaven blast yonr memory if you cannot tunr it to more comforting ac count. you vindictive harridan. And yet par don me, for 1 should not forget the infirmities of age. Say to me, therefore, what you will, bo that you drop no venom into the cup. fidelity in the paet,%hall &tdne;, f? : I am personally £oncernfrit($o? moreen ess I in the pr^seiptf iCvenoqr libthet tbeOhtthih is jp4d , to 'qh&sHfae; t&tfee; ttqDto she loves, t^ou^h hardly with fi whip of scorpions as 'Ah, Sir Harry, you woald always have your joke— always have your joke,' chpckled the old woman, as though her master's utter ance had been a htimoroue itufcc&d; ol an almost despairing. and then Lady Howarth Muld hear her hobbling away, and deeming to dig the f errule of her ebony silver* mounted crutch-Btick savagely into the oak flooring with every eteptbat she took. A sccond later her husband re-entered the room, with a smile on his lips but sadness in his eyes. He shut the door behind him, shuddered, declared that It had turned chillv. and then, advancing to the hearthrug, plaoed in hit wife's hand a very beautiful and valuable gold wAtch, having on its back a white rose formed of diamonds, with emerald leaves. lie evidentlv expected BUfnrise, astonish- ; ment, and delight at stich a gift, .and clearly I perceiving this Liuly IldwaRh did hej best | to express thett all. . . RiH.so shrewd a man afe t^ie baronet could not help perceiving that hsr conduct was a sham, and that she .was a. prey to a far deeper emotion than either of the three. 'You heard some of that garrulous old woman's half-imbecile utterances.' ho said then, almost savagely. 'You really should not be iool enough to mind them ; indeed you must learn to bear with her, and for 'the verv good reason that I dare not dismiss her. It is better for her to prate to us than to strangers.1' 41 Are you then in her power that you say vou dare not dismiss her ? Oh, Harry, had 1 I onlv known — ' 'You would not have married me, I suppose ?' he interrupted with a harsh laugh. 'Well, and hod 1 only known,' he continued, mimicking her voice, ' I'm not so sure that ] should have married yoa. But, you see, as wc were married we bad better —well— make the best of each other. Afraid of her? Why the deuce should I be afraid of her 7 But it is one thing to fear an old woman, and another to have no re gard to the lying scrodals that she might set afloat concerning me and mine, if I stirred up all the virjnice of her nature by getting rid of ber. There are very few people, let me tell vou, who can afford to altogether despise the world's opinion, or who, if they are wise, would not avoid disagreeables as well as dangers, ave, and with equal care, for they frequently last by far the longer of the two.' Having thus* giving vent to his opinions Mid his spleen, the baronet strove his hardest to be amiable again, and to seem perfectly at ease, while on the other hand Lady Howarth made equally determined attempts to appear grateful, trustful, and happy. But never was there more clumsy acting than on cither side, and both husband and wife were glad when the arrival of supper time gave them an excuse for doing more than talk, and on her lady's part to sit somewhat further away from her lord, for Sir Harry had even attempted to plav the , lover, and Lady Howarth had been in a con dition of mind to shndder at even his near proninquity. Now, however, she felt that sbe conld play her part better, and hoped that presentlv the wine would still further assist in her task. As for Sir Harry be seemed to feel the ne«d of its aid evew whit as much as she did. for even before eating anything he insisted on fillinc her glass and biB own with the vol low Tokay, and then, risinc to his feet, he tri^d to make a flattering little speech, broke down, attempting it again, came to a full stop, and at last manBged to : ?' Mv Iovp, may this recurrence of your natal day be the most miserable you will He no doubt meant ' may each puccceding 1 one he hanpier than the present,' but the] words that he uttered were capable of bcaT- I ing a very different construction, and hardly had he said them when he dropped his glas« to the table, his features became as fixed and as white as marble, and, glaring , fearfully at the window, he cxolaimed in , accents of wild horror : ' Look ! Look \ Great God, my first wife! There, there ?' The marc with three legs is thieves' argot for gallows. I [To be Continued Next Wednesday.] J 