I THE NOVELIST m -*? PAUL CHALLIS'S . WOOING. Bt the Anthor of ? - The Cost «f k. Conquest,' ll A Sinless Crime' CHAPTER XXXVI. ?1 only went by appearances, mister,'-', the man said, more civilly. ' Maybe you can tell me what I want to know. Where shall I find Mr. Augustus Holloway ?'; ' I don't know. There's no such gentle man here. There never has been since I've been here, and that's pretty nearly all my life, off and on. I was born in the quarters yonder, and pafchito the band when 1 was so little that my bearskiu looked the biggest half of me. You've made a mistake either m tne name or the regiment. I've Known every officer's name for many a year, and there has never been one like that.' 'No. I hav'n't made a mistake. Maybe hedid,'saidthemanwithalaugh. ' Gents Bometimes do make mistakes in their names when they want to hide them. I thought ygn said you knew him.' ** I said I had heard the name. So I did once, but it was only someono asking for. Iran just as you are doing now. Come out side, mate, and have a glass cf ale. Busi ness Is going on&ere;, you see, and gossiping about the barrackryard is against the regula tions' ^Ebc-steKger-was nothing loth, and they adjourned to a public house just outside ri!» gates, where they were coon seatefi in a roooa^ empty ofafl'others, with glasses of ligncr before them. ' I thought $r, Holloyvay Would help me, \rifiiotnfle, ro^yio,' the stranger said. I^n ^ueodly--k-rai on- my hick, -aadl served Mm in utsny wajig at-oao time, as my wife serad bJs—fci&iady..; He was a IoobisIi fish and lod a racfasty sasfr of life,' Ha- spoieEnglisb. pretty 'K^ILAut- lu's ac cent waAforeign, and iie had aft tifl foreign ej^B gesiSpoiatnjj manner. '? Caa* yen g&i; anything to-do'?!' asked Holmes, h^dry/^l&toaccotmt;'f'otxriB curio enfipna, DeWtfcdess. *«WJiai'8 youx 'Taade-! OJ*, $.-&«ie»-no&e.; I have beetv*l&aB;^o£-5ejpe37-iiiag. Ii&avq; *s»neK gios?wdasyin.a oftens, aas&£fc*Te'tubbed fee-wing' in.* theatre.. Latte^ 1 have l»en mw» prcsaiwDJr emplosgii; I have teen, fr-sSK^in^restaraanitf'' ?'AtRdtoi*' ?Ms?5SBSs?oaiBg\Sie?cottt8 ??' ?'Sea. \^Tdcn?op--s8k IP -''S;ou-^«te^at-'Wliite6adi^5bsoB^iii tKe Shand- F' ' A locDgo'&me; ago. I don't»TemeiHber CTOJsiaving seeingTout' '?I nsedtoJwin an&-rat a good 'bit with my master,'' Hohnes sai3, gravely. 'So yormro out of a berth now ?' w-l5Ees and cant get one. Vm down on my lock altogether. Host my last berth through the prying and sneaking ways of themanager. If ever I meet him again I'll spoil his white face for him.' *' Managers have a way of prying into things,' Holmes said, quietly. ' About this Mr. JHolloway., mate — can you describe Km r Maybe, it is one of our gentlemen— ater all.' ' I am sure it is. Is. there- ever a one among themthat the others call Beauty ?' ' Not now — there was.' 'A fair-haired, handsome fellow with, bine eyes, and a wheedling tongue that made everyone do jxtst what he wanted— that?a him.' ' That mis him.*' ' He has left toe service, then ? 'Where is he ?' ? . ' That's a question I can?tanswer. He's dead.' ' Jack Holmes, the captain's- looking for. yoa.-- Too hed' better come quick. He jwctits yea in a hurry,' suddenly exclaimed ?; onaoithe men, whohad just entered the \- ' ? room. Holmes had- to start up and run off, for the captain was very severe about any neg lected duties. He left his new acquaintance musing over' the empty glasses with a puzzled look on his' face. ' Dead, is he ?' be said to himself. ' There's an end of that, then. I wonder what has become of my wife — hang her ! I could make her and the brat useful now.' He little thought that the man with whom he. had been talking could have told him of his wife's whereabouts, or that Marie was a' member of the captaiu's household. ' .: A3 for Holmes, he went back to his quarters, Ms head full of a secret he had suddenly discovered. 'The beauty! Why, that- was Mr. Hastily,' he said to himself. 'A pretty kettle of fish there'd be if he was alive a u uvv«* ucil buc V^tt|JI/IUU . till aVUUl It. There's some mischief or other afoot, I'm sure.' 'Man proposes,' &e.;, and this musty proverb came true in Holmes' ease. Other matters put Auguste Lescours out of his head, and for a. long time drove away all Captain Challia's bitter thoughts. He had hardly been a quarter of an hour in Dr. Courtney's comfortable quarters be fore one of the servants came in hot haste to fetch him. Dolores was ill; would he eomeat once ? Leaving word for Holmes to follow him in case he wanted him, he went homo in all speed to find the news was trne. Dolores was very ill, indeed, and the day and .night passed away in an agony of eolici tnde.before his mother came to where he sat waiting, and told him that all was hap pily over. ' A.bonnie boy, Paul,' she said—' a fine, healthy little fellow.' . . . She was proud of her first grandchild after the fashion of grandmothers, and did not Bee how paie and distrait her son had been looking ail the time. ' A really splendid boy, Paul. Tou shall see him soon.' ' And Dolores, mother. How is she ?' ' Tolerably bright. She does riot seem \- 'glad it is a hoy as I ana. When I said, 'It ? is a. beautiful boy, dear,' she only said, ! 'Is ft ?' and turned her bead away. Of course she-is very weak and prostrate now, but she didn't even ask to look at it.' ' Dolores isn't demonstrative, mother,' the captain said, with a sby. ' She will not be wanting in love to her child. Per haps it may make hsr love me a-little.' ' Paul !' He had spoken the last words^half to himself, alnost forgetting her presence, and they sent like a chill to her heart. Was there anythingwrong that he ahodld , make such a speech as that ? She thought that his marriage so far had been one long honeymoon, unshadowed by-a single cloud, 'My dear boy,' she said, ' have you any reason to fancy Dolores does not love you?' ' What reason should I have, mother ?' he said, with t. smile that was bat the ghost of a-ione after all. ' I meant I hoped that this little fellow would bind us closer to gether. It is a new tie, you see.' To be continued. 