ST. FRANCIS'S CHURCH SCHOOL PADDINGTON. THE MEMORIAL STONE LAID BY CARDINAL MORAN. Yesterday afternoon Cardinal Moran laid the memorial stone of a now school in connec tion with the Church of St. Francis of Assisl, Paddlngton. The day was a rather unpropl- tious one for such a ceremony, but In spite of the, rain there was a large gathering of the public. After the stono had been blessed and laid, the .company repaired to the church, where the Cardinal delivered an address. His Eminence said ho proposed that day to sketch some of the prominent features of the Catholic Church, which, through the successor of St Peter, now Invited the various hereti cal communions to return to the one fold. Ho desired to present the Church to their non- Catholic fellow-citizens, not as she' was tra vestied by those who assailed her, but as she really was, radiant with the light and comeli ness with which 8k o had been endowed by their blessed Lord. Too many of those out side the fold were the victims of prejudice. They had inherited an insuperable averslou to everything Catholic, Hatred of the Church had become a kind of second nature to tbom, and it was time that those vain prejudices were laid aside. At the close of. the 19th cen tury It was no less true than it had been in the post, that It was impossible to know the Catholic Church as she in reality was with out recognising her divine inlBslon and em bracing the heavenly tenets which she pro posed. The Church might be justly styled a school of heavenly doctrine, a source ahd ccntro of social blessings, a sanctuary of piety, a home of worship. But it was much more than all that. It was God's spiritual kingdom upon earth. The Church wqs a new creation upon earth, sustained by Divine power, enlightened by tho presence of the Incarnate Word, and guided by tho Holy Ghost, who abided in it. Thoso. who were' enrolled In her communion would be found to vary in their opinions and In their actions as regarded everything ex cept religion. They would be found to vary, whatever their nationality or political prin ciples, but were they Frenchmen, Germans, Spaniards, or Americans they were all united in the sacred bonds of Catholic brotherhood. They all professed the same Divine faith, were obedient to tho same spiritual authority, knelt at the same altar, embraced the same inspired Scripture, approached the same sacra ments, and offered the same supreme worship of sacrifice to the Most High. The secret of nil that was that the unity of the Church was not tho work of man, but was a creation achieved by the infinite wisdom and power of God. At the termination of the Cardinal's ad dress, Mr. E.. W. O'Sulllvan, M.P., moved, and Mr. H. Clarke, M.P., seconded, a resolu tion that a subscription list be opened, the result of which was a collection of £71 10s, the Cardinal subscribing Ave guineas. A vote of thanks to tho Cardinal was moved by Mr. J. Blakeney, and seconded by Mr. J. H. How ard, and carried by acclamation. The school building -Is of brick- on stone, 100 x 35, capable of seating between 300 and 400 scholars. It will be completed at present to the flntt storey. Mr. J. Murray (Puddington) Is the contractor, and Mr. C. W. Julian tho honorary architect. The cost will be about £700. Mr. Luurence Foley has agreed to bear the cost of the iron principals of the roof, about £100. 