LOCAL AMD DISTRICT Ode Footjaths. Tho attention of tho Moss Valo Connoll ought to bo drawn to tho rtato of tho Dlcco of footnath In Arirvle-atrcot from Snrint? strcot to Yarrawa-rood, If a few loads of sorccn logo wero spread over it nodoubt it would bo mado equal to any of tho others, but it is now one of tho rongheatin tho town. . .. - . .16 is a neat pity that no WnrrE Street, notico is boing takon of tho . cesspit in Wbito-strcet ; and ooraoono ought to take tho mattsr in hand and inspoot tho drain and ccsopit, and. havo it laid before tho oonnoil. Tho smell that .comes from tho cesspit is most objcotionablo, and should bo remedied. The Borrlma Distriot A.H. and PocurnY Show. I. Socioty havo completed nil arrangements in connection with tho Poultry, Pigeon and Dog Show and Sports which takes placo to-day (Wodnosday) od tho showground. It iB anticipated that thiB year's show will bo a great success as the entries aro voiy largo. , On Saturday last several tiuoks Moss Vale belonging to Mr. Ahoarn's oon DeviatioH. tract broko away and blockcd tho main lino. It opp oars that tho trucks were just unloaded on Mr. Ahearn's siding and loft about fivo minutes, when thoy broko away and ran on to tho main lino. Tho mis hap ocourrcd a fow minutes after tho irid-day pao songor train passed from Goulburn, and tho down train to Goulburn was detained at the railway station until a -quartor. past four. Tho damago is estimated at about £50. ' An inquiry was hold on Monday, last by tho department into tho causa of thoacoident. On Wednesday evening last, Beeriiia. tho 14th in3t., Mr. and Mrs. \- ? - ? - Fowler tandored to their friends a vory enjoyable and , extromoly well arranged daneo in tho Boriima Hall, when all present thotoughly enjoyod thomsolves. Invita tions, numbering abont CO, woro sent out to Moss Vale, Sutton Forest, Bowral, Mittagong, and Berrima, when all whoro kindly accepted. Shortly after eight o'clock tho visitors began to na3emblo at tho hall, when dancing commonced to tho lively otraina of Mr. 0. Compton, who presided at tho piano. Mr. Gallon undertook tho duties of M.C. During the ovenim; aonqs woro rendered by Messrs. Connolly, Towlo, and McGrath, and was much appreciated by.thoso present. About mid night an adjournment wo3 mado for supper, when all sat down to a sumptuous repast, which was laid out on tho stage for tho occasion, After tho usual toasts were duly honored ond responded to, dancing wa3 again indulged in during tho re mainder of tho evening, and which waa kept mov. ing hntil tho early hours, of tho morning, v/hen all dispersed to their respective homes thoroughly 'satisfied with thoir night's enjoyment, Mrs. Fowler waB beautifully attired in black satin with jot trimmings. Miss Fowlor woro a very pretty drcs3 of oream nunsvciling with terra merveleux bodico. Miss E. Fowlor was attired in cream nunovoUing with cardinal velvot bodico. ; Several othor extromoly protty and chaste dresses w oro also worn. On that day* ijr. Q. Fowler was married to Hio3 Garry of Cootarnuqtjra, a»4 b'oing unablo to attend, Mr. and MrB. Fowlor celebrated tho wedding nt'Berrima. ? As it is -now a good timo for Cope and Sons, planting, especially after the ' ' v late rains, persons wishing to do so should not fail to give Messrs. Cope and Son of tho Bowral Nursery a visit nnd securo eomo of their various plants, which' include fruit trees, ornamental trees and sltrubs, roses, dahlias, chry santhemums, &o.; Special attention is also being dlreoted by the firm to tho vegetable and flower coed dopartm'ont. It will bo recollected that when Bowral. ; tho; B.D. Progress Association gave up tho ghost, thoro was £17 10s in bond and that this amount was dis tributed pro rata among tho various towns in this distriot for tho!purposo of advertising photograpliio views by having them placed in frames and ox hibitod at tho railway stations, Bowral's charo of tho spoil came to about £3 las, and on Thursday last a successful attempt was mado by. Mr. J. Holmes, one of tho Bowral representatives of the cnmmittcc, nnd Mr. 11. Carmiehael, tho secretary, to supplement this by privato subscriptions, so as to enablo Bowral to securo a display at least equal to that of -Moss- Vale, which- it is understood, ia going in for something ' heavy.' Thoy succeeded in collecting, during the ono afternoon, tho sum oi £3 in cash, and obtained promises of small amounts aggregating £2 more, Thero are several business pooplo and othors interested in tho matter yet to be interviewed, and it is hoped that yet anothoi £5 might be raised in this way. If these anticipations bo realised, Bowral will bo ablo to mako a display second to no othor town— not oven to Mos3 Valo, and tho result cannot bo othor than highly beneficial to Bowral. It is in contcplation to havo *ho frame mado of polishod trachyte. — B.D. Zeailer, Tho usual fortnightly- meeting Wattamolla. of tho Prido of Wnttamolln Lodgo. No. 727, I.O.G.T., wan held on Friday night, 9th inst: The Chief Templar Bro A. E. Wood, occupied the chair. Tho opening ceremony was gono through and tho minutes read and ond adopted. Tho door was opened to tho public. Visitors attended tho meeting from Star of Hops Lodgo, No. 692, Borry ; Sea View, No. 713, Kaui;aroo Mountain and Rock Valloy Juveuilo Templo No. -123. Woodhill, tngethor with tho .District Deputy Bro. R. V. Boyd, J.P. Berry, Tho principal business of the cveniiij; was tho installa tion of the newly-chosen officers and harmony. Bro Boyd, D,D., acted as installing-officer, ably assisted by Bro A. King, L.D., as installing-marshall, and Bro J. Graham, deputy. TI10 following officers then received thoir charges : -C.T., Bio A'. E. Wood (rc-olccted unopposed) ; V.T., j. A. Lam'ond ? P.O.T., Sis. A. E. Irvino ; chaplain, Sis. M. j' Irvino (ro- oleoted) ; secretary, Bro J. Brandon j assistant-secretary, Sis. L. Priddle j treasurer, Bro' A. Irvino ; tinanoial soorotary, Bro W. Brandon ? 8.J.T., Sis. A. Priddlo (marshal), Bio F. Summers ? dop.-marshall, Bro W. Morton ; guard, Bro. G Brandon ; L.E.D.. Rro G. Ulriok ;.oont,, Bro. A.' .Ulrick. Bros. A.Wood ond J, Limond roturnorl thanks for tho honours conferred upon them, ' A vote of thanks was accorded to tho retiring officoro and responded to by Bro J. Brandon on behalf of tho samo. A voto of ^thanks to tho, visitors was carried with much enthusiasm. Bros. R. V. Bovd D.D., C. English, L.D., J. Graham, C.T.. and j! Lamnnd responded. Harmony was theu indulged in when songs and recitations woro given. Tho lodgo then closcd in tho usual ihonnor, Tho Jindiandy Dairy Company Factory for July received 55,222 gallons Returns milk, whioli produced 23,878 lbs. butter, taking on an aver ngo 231b. Goz. milk to mako lib. buttor. Suppliers were paid la 2J por lb. for butter fat, equal to 5pd per gal, for milk. Tho avorogo test was 3.80, maximum 4.12, minimum 3.64. Tho Kangaroo Eivor Dairy Co. treated 128,3941b. of milk in July tho tests averaging 3.41 to 4.2 per cent. Suppliers woro paid at tho rate of 13Jd per lb. for tho butter. Tho Barrcngarry Dairy Co, paid suppliers 12Jd por lb. for tho buttor the samo month, or at tho rato 01 4Jd par gal. for milk. Tho avorago tost was 3.85, . ? , ? .. . Referring to a lottor which Moejj Vale appeared in our issuoof 8atur- 1 Pernio BflnooL. day last, wo deslro to otnto thit ' wo havo had tho opportunity of looking over tho annual roportaofthtoochooloxtcrid Ing over n eorica of yiaro. It appears that tho ' lest annual examination took placoon tho 11th and 12th Jnno hot by tho district inspector, Mr. Johnson Wo find that tho roport oortifloa that all branohos of education laid down by tho Dopartmont in tho sovcral classes, woro eithor good, vory fair, or fair. - Tho report sheets nro ruled with a opocial ooiaran fo^^',RoIna^klJ#,, oton Jiut mj no rom&rks; wore embodied in' tho last and covcral previous reporto, woassumo thoro was nothing to call forth Dpeoial commont, Tho reports aro open to pnbllo iD&pectlon; at tho cohool, Paronta and others interested in onr publio ooh'ool should tako tho opportunity of perusing samo. ' 