GENERALITIES.' All things, oome to the man who waits— exoept the particular thing he is waiting for.. A true word is often spoken in jest, but we .always like it to be about some other fellow. Before some preaohers will throw a stone at a sin, they want to know who is hiding under it. . Most men would be pretty well satisfied with the world if ho one in it were better off than themselves. Justice O'Halloran—" Have you any ohil dren, Mrs. Kelly?" Mrs. Kelly—"I have two liviu'an'wanmarried." . He—How well Mies Elderberry carries her age! She—But then she has become so aooustomed to it, you know. Nobody has faith enough in human integrity to believe that the man who guesses his conun drum haB never heard it before. The girl who Bays she wouldn't marry the beBt man in the world usually keeps her word. Sometimes she marries the worst. The Japanesf believe in ghosts, and pioto rially represent them aB pale-faced women, with hair hanging over their eyes. Smith—I Bay, Jones, oan your wife cook? Jonos—Oh. yes, she oan oook; the only troubleis that I can't eat what she cooks. George—" I know I am not worthy of you, but" Ethel—" Don't ever say that again; it's no use worrying over what you can't help." Traveller (enquiring at famous castle)—Can I see the antiquities tc-day? Servant—lam afraid not, sir. My lady and her daughter have gone to town. Oflioe Boy—Two men wants to see yer—one of 'ems a poet, and t'other 'n's a deaf man. Editor—Well, go out and tell the poet that the deaf man is the Editor 1 A (proudly) — I never deoeive my wife no, eir; I tell her everything. . B—Yea, I knew that long ago. Wha—how? She telle it all to my wife and my wife tells it to me. Young Woman (in feBtive droat, to looal ohemiat)—Pennyworth o' eoent. Ohemiat— Wbat'ilyou take it in? Young Woman—0, never mind onything; juat eooot it ower me. Oora—So you are sure her huaband had the beet of the argument. Sid she tell you bo? Madge—No; but I heard her eay he was a mean, hateful thing aa ehe went out of the room and slammed the door. Ita Mother—Oh, John! John! What ahall we do ? Baby haa swallowed its rattle ! Ita Father—Do ? Nothing: now he'll have it with him all the time, and we won't have to be for ever hunting it up when he orieB. Mistress—Why, Mary, I told you to make up my room an hour ago, and here it is in terrible disorder. Mary—Yis, mum, an' I did make it up; but the master oame in to put on a olane collar, mum, and he lost the stud. "Mother," sobbed the young bride, "he is juat as mean as he can be." "No, he isn't, dear," said the mother soothingly. "A man oan't really develop all hie mean ness till he has been married four or five years.' When Dr. Doyle was about to undertake hia leoture tour in America Robert Douis Stevenson wrote to him from Samoa—"When - you oome to America oall on me. My house is the Beoond doer on the left hand after leaving San Franoisco." A genteel carver always sits when he carves, saye a work on etiquette. Perhaps he does; but it is pretty oertain that there are times when he yearnfully yearns to put one foot on the table and the other on the bird while struggling with the fowl. A man may atop a foaming liorse tearing down the street, May stop an enemy's advance amid the battle's Heat; In foot, atop almost anytning in situations trying; But not a eingle man alive can stop a baby crying. Tinker (to farmer's wife)—Wad ye buy a born apune the day ? I'll gie ye ane'for nine pence. Farmer's Wife—Na, na; that's ower dear. I'll gie ye eaxpenoe for ane. Tinker— VVad ye? May the deil rattle at yer heels afore my horn epunes clatter in j „r lantern jaws for eaxpence! An authoress, who is wittier than the generality of her sex (or, for that matter, of the other), was asked by a writer of the opposite sex who is not remarkable for civility of his style, " Wouldn't you like to be a man?'' To this the lady readily replied, "Wouldn't you?'' Customer—See here ! I've only worn these .trousers cue day, and they already bag at the knees. Dealer—Yah, dat vas reoht. Dose ie our patent knee- stretohing trousers vat make eliery gustoiner of ours look like a literary man. See? You vear dose trousers, mien friendt, and folks dake you for Sharles Dickens or Shakesbeare. An nld-faabioned Sootch minister was visit ing two of his flock, ecoentric maiden ladies. While catechising them about the state of their religious knowledge he chanced to say, "And you know all about the fall of man kind ?" " Fa' o' mankind !" exclaimed one of them; "'deed no! Fa'far they liked, there was nane o' them fa'd oor way." A doctor was summoned to a cottage and found a boy in need of Ilia services. " Show your tongue," said the dootor. The boy stared like an owl. "My goad bay, let me see your tongue," repented the man of physic. "Talk English," Baid the mother to the doctor; and then, turning to her eon, said, "Hopen thy gobbler and push out thy lorriker." One Sunday, while a bailie was superin tending the oollection-plate, an old lady came, and, dropping a penny in the plate, passed into the Churoh. In a short time she re appeared, and, lifting a penny out of the plate, went out. The bailio, oalling her baok, asked for an erplanation of her strange conduob. "Oh," says she, "I am in the wrang kirk." At an examination of an elementary eohool a class was. engaged in a composition exercise. One boy wrote an aocounb of the battle of Flodden Field, and wound up his narration by saying that "James IV., the King of Scotland, and the flower of theSoob tish nobility, fell on that fatal field." " And what was the flower of the Scottish nobility?" enquired the Inspector. " The tbietle," promptly anewered the boy. 