MISCELLANEOUS. A maiden lady, named Sicker, has just ! died at Windsor, aged 104. She was in Paris when the battle of Waterloo was I fought. i A statue of the lato Mr Oliver Heywood, in front of tho Town Hall, Manchester, wub unveiled on Tuesday, December 11, by the Bishop of Manchester. Sir William Harconrt has definitely de. cidcd not to tax cycles iu the uext Budget. The central transept of the Crystal Palace has been devoted to an exhibition of cycles, moro than 1600 being on view. One novelty was an indoor training cycle worked forborne exercise, ^thus generating electric power, which can be accumulated. An hour's moving of the feet would light au eight-candle electric lamp for two hours. The African Exhibition at the Crystal Palace next summer is to be on a large scale. The new sports arena (18 ucrcB) will be used for the outdoor displays. About 00 natives will be imported from Africa, to gether with 140 wild uuimals, including clo phants; dromedaries, lions, leopards, zebras, and suakes. A number of kraals will be built, and the mode of life of the natives, as well as the manner iu which they procure their animals, will be practically demon, stratcd. Thoie arc said to be signs of tho approach of the crinoline in the new evening dresses The skirts are immensely wide, and horse hair and wire are already being used to set them out. Some interesting relics have hceu taken from a Saxon cemetery at Highdown-hill, Sussex. Upon a skeleton there were 151 beads of clay aud class suspended on a slrintr from the neck to the waist. The foundations of a spacious Roman villa have been tiuearthed at Darcnth, Kent. Tho outer walls were 2ft. iu thickness. There were an andieneo-hall, baths, hot-air pas sages, and what appears to have heeu the chapel^ in which the households gods were set up. Residents in the county of London have been warned by the police that- every occu picrof a house or other ^tenement is respon sible for keeping the pavements and water courses adjoining their preiftlscs swept and cleansed, under a penalty of 40s. The owner is responsible for uiioccupicd premises. There has been a 'ghost' scare at Godalming. Au apparition, presumably a practical joker, with a luminous face and white clothes, jumped out of the bushes at dark spots, uttering unearthly yells. Several people have thus received serious shocks, rendering them hysterical. A comic singer was hissed at a London music (hall while singing a song with the re fcuiu ' Come where the hoor.e is cheaper.' He remonstrated with the audience, and for this his engagement was terminated, his agreement prohibiting him from speaking ou the stage. He brought an action for loss of employment, and was awarded £60, his wages being £20 a week, A tcnaut who damaged the drawing room of a houso he had occupied in London by using it for roller skating, was siied by the owner of the property, and had to pay £35 damages. A London magistrate held that sanitary fittings could not be held liable to produce a nuisance because they were not up to date. The earnings of a London flower-girl, ac cording to the evidence in the witness-box of one of their number, averages from 7s to 10a a day, and 15s on a fine Saturday. Two grocers were fined £5 and coats at Northampton for keeping places where an alleged illegal lottery wan conducted, Tho defendants sold a brand of tea, the buyers of which rcccivcd tickets entitling them t) participate iu periodical drawings for a prize of £5, which took place in tho shop where the tea was sold. A London tradesman was summoned for selling flanuellette mudeonly of cotton, when the real article was supposed to consist of a mixture, oue portion of which was wool. The ca8e was adjourned, aud it may event ually be decided iu a superior court. A domestic complained to a Loudon magis trate that she had been iustantly dismissed by the mistress without a character, The magistrate said he could not compel a mistress to give a domestic a cliAraoter, but I »hu was responsible if she gave what was I untrue, I A man who murdered his wife aud sou at I CJheitanham has becu reprieved, the iurv having recommended him to mercy because ho was u a low typo of mau,' and besotted with drink. The 300th anniversary of the birth of Gustavus Adomhus, a great Swedish king and defender of the Protestant religion, has been celebrated in Germany and Sweden. A dog belonging to an American couple having died in Paria, it vas accorded a regular funeral. The dog's body was placed iu two cotlius — one of oak, tho other leaden —which were couveyed to tho cemetery in a hearse covered with flowers, the Americans and their frieuds following iu mourning carriages. A picture o! the Virgin Mary, ascribed to St. Luke, has beou placetl in u church »t iu Paris, Tho picture was fthosYty to the Queen' nnd tho Frjnce'of Wales some time ^go. Tho inscriptions are iu Chuldoic, and set forth that tho picture was executed by Luke tho Evau^elist. .Tho price paid in England for Noue Tho 'Wiser (7500 gniuoaa) is uot quito-a rccord prico for a filly, but It runs a really good tieoond tq tho 8000 guineas given by the late Mr. Abington' Baird for the subsequent ! O»ko winuer, Busybody, at tho late Lord 1 tow ycurp &|o. 