Short Story \- ' : - — — 51 TITE MAN WHO KNEW. . There -was one subject which Walter Ferrand was believed to have at his finger- ends, and that was Woman. He had devoted much time and labour to the study of Woman, aud he gave the results of his ob- servations to the world in a series of little boobs, each of which contained a caroful analysis of some type of feminine character. There was a curious samenoss about Fer- rand's work, but the masculine part of the reading public admired it greatly, and was firmly convinoed of the accuracy of the author's observations ; the more so because he dealt liberally in the cynical epigrams, paradoxes, aud generalisations which, when direoted against the opposite sex, are so dear to the heart of man. It was true that one beardless youth had had the presumption to tell Ferrand that the women in his books Were like so many dried butterflies, with pins stuck through them, and ail the bloom brushed off their wiugs. But then everybody knew that he was not an impartial critic, beoanso he was dreadfully in love with a Very delightful woman, only fifteen years Older than himself. Although Ferrand knew so much ahout Women, he was but little addicted to feminine Society. Humour said that he had been un fortunate in his relations with the fair sex, and it was certain that he never felt so com pletely at his ease or on such good terms with himself as when he sat by the fire in the club smoking-room, aud delivered himself of words of wisdom on the subject of Femininity, Its faults, failings, and general unsatis- factormess, while the younger men hung upon his lips, and told each other that the Woman wasn't horn who could take in old Ferrand. Meanwhile, his books prospered beyond their literary desserts. The heroines were all creatures of impulse, hysterically emotional, superficially sentimental, con- ciafpTif.lir iniwna?af#5nf,_ . imnnssihl V lira- tional consequently, they were eulogised by the critics as exquisite and lifelike studies of true womanhood. One summer Ferrand decided to spend a f6w weeks at Ka3tanienbad, partly on account of his liver, partly because he thought that among the heterogenous society there assembled he might pick up some Useful material for his next book. The morning after his arrival, as he sat under the chestnut trees in the Casino gardens, listen ing to the band, he noticed a sudden com motion among a group of students at a neighbouring table. ' Die rothe Dame,' they were whispering eagerly. Da geht die rothe Dame.' Die rothe Dame ! The Bed Lady ! A good title for a book, thought Ferrand, as he glanced in the direction indicated by the students. For a moment his eyes were almost dazzled by the glow of colour radiated from a tall lady attired in a soarlet gown, and wearing a toque composed of a single huge poppy upon her head. It was an audacious costume, the more so because the wearer bad red-gold hair of a tint so bril liant that it threw even her poppy head -gear into the shade. Ferrand could not be sure at the first glance whether the lady was beauti ful or only startling, for her eye -brows were golden, her eyes bluish- green, and her nose was not innocent of freckles. But— she pos sessed the compensating complexion that is sometimes the complement of such hair and eyes ; indeed, as Ferrand gazed at her he in voluntarily recalled some of the foolish, tender rhapsodies of the old poets about the lilies and roses or cherries and cream that were supposed to mingle in their ladies' cheeks. There could be no hyperbole in any such comparison for the colouring of the 'rothe Dame,' since she 'put out' every woman in her neighbourhood as effectually as a fine Bubens puts out the pictures that surround it. Ferrand decided that he must somehow contrive to make acquaintance with this new and brilliant ' specimen,' which, with the ardour of the true naturalist, he longed to add to his collection of feminine types. Fortune seemed to favour his design, for the same evening at dinner he found himself seated opposite to the apparition of the morn ing. She was looking radiant in a flame- coloured silk blouse, and her hair glittered like spun gold in the gaslight. By her 3ide sat an infirm- looking old lady, whom she addressed as Aunt Harriet, and to whom she appeared to be a kind and attentive niece. ' All put on for effect,' thought Ferrand as he noticed her pretty manner to the -invalid. ' Much attention the poor old thing would get if they were dining alone.' The passing of a menu brought him a few words from the 'rothe Dame. 'Had he just arrived i "Was it his first visit to Kasta nienbad ?' the usual preliminaries of a table d'hote acquaintance. .' The same old commonplaces,' he reflected, forgetting that his own replies had not been particularly new or striking. ' The distin guishing characteristic of the feminine mind is lack of originality.' bh ik n . a— -a - /\ ll. . w — . - - 1_ _ _ . . _ 3 xu vuo uuuioo ux i-uu Bvuu lujj lie engageu. the head waiter in conversation, and after inquiring about several of the more un attractive of his fellow- guests, finally asked the name of ' the lady in red.' August instantly waxed eloquent. She was a Miss Torrens, and the lady with her was her aunt. Mrs. Maitland. They were both liebens- Wurdige Damen, never gave unnecessary trouble, nor grumbled about their bills. The Fraulein was very beautiful, didn't the Herr think so ? It was always a good thing for an hotel when there was a beautiful young lady among the guests, because gentlemen visitors stayed longer, and some came to dinner from the town. ' An hotel flirt,' sneered Ferrand to him- Belf. ' Just what I should have ima gined The next morning he rose early, and after having dutifully swallowed his two glasses of water at the Quelle, went for a long walk among tbo chestnut woods that surround the town. On his way back he passed through a tiny village, in the middle of which there was a grassy open space and a picturesque old fountain round whose steps the children were at play. While he was still at some distance his eye was caught by a gleam of eearlet which looked doubly vivid against the grey stone of the fountain and the deep green of the trees. As he drew nearer, ho perceived that the Bed Lady was seated in the midst of a little group of children, to whom she seemed to he relating a story. She was speaking slowly and emphatically in rather funny German, and as he passed, he conld hear her Bay ' The Professor came into the garden one morning, and saw a large nettle making signs with her leaves to a handsome red pink. She said : Ton are so fascinating that I really don't know how to resist you.' But the Professor doesn't approve of such be haviour, so he tapped the nettle on her leaves, which are her fingers. But he only Stung himself badly, and since Chen he has never ventured to correct a nettle.' At this the children began to laugh, and the Bed Lady laughed too. ' What dreadful nonsense !' said Ferrand to himself, for he had long since forgotten his Hans Anderson, and he fancied that the story was the invention of Mis Torrena's brain. Still, as he walked slowly homeward, he felt a little puzzled and uncertain, for if . the Bed Lady wae the heartless, frivolous flirt that he had already labelled her, would she care to amuse herself with these dirty little peasant children? His faith in his own persnicuity was restored no later than the same "evening, however : for, happening to look in at the Casino for half an hour, he was rowarded by the sight of one light- blue officer after another, like a living danc ing flame. Daring the next few days he was con stantly coming across the Bed Lady ; yet at the cud of a week he could not flatter him self that bo had made much progress in his study of character, for nearly every day sha appeared in a new and bewildering light. I In the mornings he usually saw her sitting in the hotel garden, reading Blair's Sermons to her aunt as demurely as though she had not .been tearing through a cotillon only a few hours before ; and on Sunday he oaught sight of her, dressed for once in black, coming out of the little Roman Catholic church. ' Superstitious, of course, like all women,' was his inward comment ; but the same even ing he found a copy of one of Herbert Spencer's works in the reading room, with Miss Torrens' name inside. ' So she wishes to pose as a blue-stooking now,' he remarked, as he turned over the leaves and read Bome of the marginal anno tations, which by reason of their acumen, he concluded to be the contribution of a male relation. In the course of his next conver sation with Miss Torrens, he turned the con versation upon the topio of Herbert Spencer and his works, in the hope of finding the young lady at a loss. But she proved to be quite annoyingly well up in the subject, and left her inquisitor more mystified than be- fora ; for it was one of the chief articles of his oreed that all clever women were plain and badly dressed, and all pretty women silly and frivolous. And what made matters all the more confusing was that there were times when the Bed Lady was quite as frivolous as his heart could desire. She wore the most astounding costumes, kept an ever- lengthening string of admirers in tow, and was the life and soul of all tho entertainments that Kastanienbad could afford. ' How you do enjoy yourself ?' he said one night, half reproachfully, as, flushed and panting after the maddest of German galops, she dropped into a chair at his side. 'Why not?' she asked, a faint shadow coming over her radiant face. ' Life is short — and very precarious.' ' Is that any reason for frittering it away ? he asked severely. ' What can a woman do ?' she returned, with a touch of bitterness. ' Do you think she onght to have a profession ?' ' Heaven forbid !' be renlifid demnHv. ' But- she might make some good man happy.' ' But suppose she never met the good man, or met him and lost him ? What choice has she then but. to be considered foolishly frivolous or objectionably strong-minded ?' ' She might occupy herself with housohold duties, and visit the poor.' . 'Yes, hinder the servants in their work, and increase the number of able-bodied paupers,' she laughed. 'No, give me a good floor and a Viennese orchestra, or She did not finish her sentence, for at that moment she was claimed by a light-blue lieutenant for the next dance. Day by day Ferrand grew more piqued, interested, bewildered by the chameleon like creature, who seemed to have as many changes of character as of costume. He was unable to keep his eyes from her when she was present, or bis thoughts from her wben she was absent, and yet he could not accuse her of having given him any encouragement, or attempted to flirt with him. She was always pleasant and friendly, but sometimes Ferrana fancied that her eyes wore an ex pression of pity when they rested upon him. ' Why do you look at me as if you were sorry for me ?' he asked her one day, when they had become upon fairly intimate terms. ' Because I am sorry for you,' she replied. ' But what makes yon think that I stand in any need of pity ?' 'Because I have read your books/ she answered quietly. 'I don't see that my hooks make me an object of compassion,' he said, surprised to find himself wishing that she had not read the works of which he had once been so proud. ' They have sold very well.' ' 1 hadn't considered the mattor from a commercial point of view,' she said. ' I pitied you because I fancied after reading your books that you. had never loved any woman, and I thought that perhaps no woman had ever loved you.' ' What made yon think that P he asked, involuntarily wincing under her words. ' Because you showed that you knew so little ahout women. If you had ever really loved, you would have known so much more ; and if you had ever been loved, you would have known a little more. As it is, yon describe women from the ontside only, and you generalise about them in the most comical manner. Tou remind me of a little boy who has been bitten by a dog, or kicked by a donkey, and. who writes in his exercise- hook All dogs bite,' or ' All donkeys kick.' I must admit, however, that you are not more unreasonable and incon sistent than most other male novelists, who study our sex with a mind full of pre-con- ceived ideas, and make their facts square with their theories.' 'Unreasonable! Inconsistent!' he cried, catching at her words. But those are feminine failings. ' 1 don't believe there is any sex in faults or virtues,' she said. ' I mean that it is un reasonable and inconsistent to deny us oppor tunities of usefulness ; to keep us ignorant and inexperienced ; to encourage us to occupy ourselves mainly with dress, novels, and thoughts of lovers : and then to reproach us ri-u i : ;ji_ i t-a wiiu uuiiiK nutr, vain, useless, ana senti mental. For thousands of years you have satirised us for our love of dress and orna ment, but when we show a disposition to wear sensible garments in which we can move our limbs freely, you accuse us of a reprehensible desire to imitate men. That is only one specimen out of a thousand of masculine unreasonableness and incon sistency.' Ferrand sat silent. He was thinking of something that his companion had said at the beginning of their conversation. She had pitied him because she believed him to be ignorant of love. Had her surmise been correct ? His thoughts wandered back over the past years to the time when, as quite a youth, he bad been engaged for a short period to a girl who had thrown him over for a college friend of his own. Tho des truction of this early romance had caused him to set down in the tablets of his mind the axiom that ' all women are heartless and fickle.' Dnring the next few years a series of temporary attachments of the baser sort had added to his store of knowledge the fact that ' all women are mercenary.' "Weary at length of Bohemian life, he had desired to marry some pleasant, sensible woman who would bear him children and make him a comfortable home. With this end in view, he had proposed to a cheerful and not un attractive lady of thirty-two, who seemed doomed to wither on the virgin stalk. The foolish creature, howover, instead of grate fully accepting his offer, had declared that she was sure he did not really love her, and that she would rather live and die an old maid than marry without love. Whereupon Ferrand had said to himself, ' All women are absurdly romantic,' and had deserted the drawing-rooms of his feminine friends for the smoking-room of his club. ' And so you were sorry for me when you read my book ?' he said at length. 'Is that all you have gained from my leoture ?' she asked with a laugh. ' If I had your habit of generalising, I shoffid say ' All men are egoists.' From the date of that conversation Fer rand regarded the Bed Lady in quite a different light. He no longer made any pretence of studying her character, but gave himself up to the charm that she exercised over him with sudden self -surrender. He haunted her footsteps by day as persist ently as she haunted his dreams by night ; and the fact that she seemed rather inclined to avoid his society only increased his infatu ation. Matters came to a crisis one evening when he found Miss Torrens sitting alone upon the terrace that overlooked the garden, listening to the faint music of a distant hand. ' I was just saying farewell to Kastanien bad,' sha said, glancing np at him with a smilo tbat bad a tinge of regret in it. . 'It has been settled that we start for England , early to-morrow morning,' You — you are going awayP' ho stam mered. ' I thought you were to remain another fortnight at least.' ' Yob, but my aunt has had newB which makes her anxious to return at once. He was silent for a moment. The glory of the moonlight seemed to have paled, and the distant musio grown suddenly discordant. ' You will let me oome and see you when I return ?' he said at length. ' I shall be in town again the end of next week.' ' I am afraid that it is impossible/ she re-: plied, looking slightly embarrassed. 'I don't live with my aunt, and yon could not come where I am. ' But won't yon let me see you elsewhere?' he pleaded. ' In the park or at a picture- gallery.' ' I go out so little,' she murmured. ' I fear it conld not be managed.' ' I see how it is/ he cried bitterly. ' You thonght me good enongh for a watering- place acquaintance, but you don't care to continue the intimacy in town. 'You ought to know me better than that,' she said reproachfully. ' The fact is that I see very few people when I am in town, and very few care to see me. I don't think that you would be one of the few if you knew the circumstances in which I am placed.' ' What oan you mean ?' he exclaimed. ' Haven't you seen that my heart and mind are full of you? Don't you know that I think and dream of nothing but you ? Why, I soom to have no life apart from you, and the only hope, the only desire I have left is to win your love.' ' Oh, is it really so?' she said, a ring of genuine pity and regret in her tones. 'I hoped that yon only regarded me as a friend. 1 cannot tell you how sorry I am that this should have happened.' ' Why are you so sorry ?' he asked. ' Be cause you cannot love me? But you might give me more time in whioh to try and win you. Don't take away all hope from mo for Avpr ' ' I am sorry because I must tako away all hope from you,' she answored ; ' and because I know so well what it is to have a heart ache myself. Perhaps I ought to toll you why what you ask is impossible, why I can never love you or any other man. Five years ago I was engaged to be married, but only a week before our wedding day my lover died . I don't know whether womon in general are inconstant as men say ; I only know that I can never love again.' ' And yet you have always seemed the very incarnation of life and brightness/ he said wonderingly. ' Yes, this is my holiday time, when for a few weeks 1 try to laugh and forget. I dare say you set mo down as a heartless flirt ; but those blue boys who hover round me are only playmates, and they understand the rules of the game. But you were dif ferent, and since I saw signs that you were in danger 1 have done my best to keep out of your way. Forgive me for having caused you pain. She held out her hand to him, and as he took it, a tear fell on his own. ' You are crying for me ?' lie said, in low, awed tones, as ho gazed incredulously at tho wet mark on his hand. ' 1 can't bear to think that 1 have made yon suffer,' she murmured. 'Don't regret it,' he exclaimed, as he stooped and kissed the tear. ' I don't ; I am glad. The whole world seems suddenly to have changed. Do you know that you are the first woman who has ever been sorry for me, the first woman who has ever shed a tear for me, the first woman who has taught me love? My heart has been starved and withered during all these lonely years, but you have sent the life-blood through it once again, and I would not, if I could exchange my hopeless love for you for the dead insen sibility of the past.' 'Ah, you are better than your books/ she said, as she rose and held out her hand. 'Good-bye. I hope that love and hap piness will come to yon together some day.' ' Stay,' he cried. ' Before you leave me for ever, won't you tell me who and what yon are. I used to fancy that I understood women, hut you have alwayB been a beauti ful mystery to me. "Will you not interpret yourself before we part ?' ' You want to know who and what I am,' she answered slowly. ' That is asking a good deal. If I tell you, will you promise never to reveal my eecret t ' Yes, yes, I promise ; I swear never to breathe it to a soul.' he cried eagerly. 'Then I will tell you,' she said, with the ghost of a smile. She bent towards him till he conld feel her breathe upon hia cheek, and whispered in hip ear, 'I am — a woman.' ft ft ft ft As soon as his holiday was over Ferrand went back to England and wrote a book. It was called ' The Bed Lady/ and had not the faintest resemblance to any of hia earlier work, for it consisted mainly of a rhapsody upon the virtues and perfections of the heroine, while there was not a sarcasm or a cynicism from beginning to end. From a literary point ot view it had little merit, be ing vague and incoherent, a crude impres sionist sketch, showing abundance of en thusiasm on the part of the artist, but little judgment, and still less sense of proportion. The men who read it, said that Ferrand had had gone off lamentably and the heroine was quite unlike any woman in real life. The feminine part of the public were no Det- ter pleased, for they perceived that tho Bod Lady was the idealised portrait of some woman with whom the author was head over ears in love, and a lover's raptures are never interesting save to the object of them. So the hook sold badly, and "the publishers said they hoped Mr. Ferrand would return to his former manner in his next work. But Ferrand replied that he should never write another book, and he kept his word. About two years after the Kastanienbad episode, half-a- dozen men were sitting round the fire in the smoking-room of the Belles Lettres Club, discussing the plot of the latest problem novel, when Sir James Thorndike, a recently knighted physician came in. Talk about a novel,' he said contemptu ously T could tell true stories worth a dozen of the rubbishing things that people Write. The only romances nowadays are to be found in real life.' 'Well, give us a specimen,' said Neil Stratton, the popular author of half-a-score of pessimistic- novels. 'Produce your ro- manco.' ' I will,' said the doctor- ' Only to-day I have heard of tho death of the best nurse and the most charming woman in London. Seven years ago she was engaged to be mar- ried to a nephew of mine ; but the poor fol low died of small-pox only a week before the wedding-day. She insisted upon nursing him, and like a fool, I told her she was a born nurse. What must she do but go into training at St. Barnabas, and as soon as she gets her certificate, volunteers to nurse at the East London Small-pox hospital. Sho was just of age, an orphan, with money of her own ; so no one could stop her. For seven years that beautiful young woman lived in the midst of disease aud death, except for a few weeks iu the summer when she went abroad. About a fortnight ago she caught small-pox of a most virulent typo, and early this morning she died.' There was a moment's silence. Then one of the men asked in a low voice : ' Do you mind telling me what her real name was ?' 4 Catherine Torrens ; but she was always oalled Nurse Catherine in the hospital,' re plied Sir James. ' Are you going to put her into a book, Ferrand ? You're the man that knowB all about women, aren't you?' ' No, not tho man who knows/ said For- rand, as he got up and walked heavily towards thft Hfinr. Onlv tho mar tcIia thnnohf. ha knew.' — Geobqb Pabion. 