WEDNESDAY, JULY 24, 1896. I I The heart of Mr DEAKIN failed him at a critical moment yesterday When ; he rose to call attention to the arrows exposure of the lobbying practices which have come to a head in the House of late, the expectation was that it would give members an opportunity of discussing a subject which has a little challenged the serious attention of the country for the country is alarmed by the first apparent steps to the --monean tanll con i option Duty is the descent when once that evil journey is begun A number of members who totally disapprove of the illicit and suspicious action of the rings would, I we presume, have been delighted to emphasise our own emphatic con I domination, but Mt Di AMV shut them out by doing no more than making a personal explanation We have his assurance that he is a mere innocent in the matter I am- even thing happened with regard to Mr De AKIN as we stated But he de j clares that he knows no more than any Simple Simon who are the people who lean over the galleries to give him their messages to other members The swarm nig touts leave him severely alone possibly v> is the explanation to each other on such a killing item as the hat duties, "Its no use wasting time | " about Dr AKIN He is influenced " from another quarter Mr DEAKIN S own imperfect action-uiipoifeet be cause it shut out other members from speaking- had itself the appearance of what is colloquially termed " a put up " thing in the interests of the lobbyists the House met cs only slow progress That progress is neither as fast nor does it go as far as Tariff Reformers would wish, but it is in the light direction the land scandal is being brought down, and that is a great deal Indeed, some optimists may be reason for being content with the present action of the House sufficient is being done to profoundly dissatisfy the High 'Tariff party who on calling for one division yesterday found themselves in too great a minority to persevere, and nothing like enough is being done to satisfy the demands of the real Tariff Reformers the beformers who want actual and substantial relief given to the producer J lines both sides are being driven to look forward to a contest in the country which shall decide the issue of whether Victoria is or is not to heartily adopt the Australian standard whether or not her tariff is so to stand out as to make the talk of an Australian Customs union impossible yesterday hosiery was reduced by one- quarter of the existing duty, and agricultural implements were similarly dealt with Hosiery now conforms to the 25 per cent standard, and agricultural mph ments are placed on the 1 a percent list 'the Tariff Reformers gained a substantial victory also in insisting that the horticultural and other natural in payments not on the free list should be placed in the reduced 15 per cent schedule Mr M'COLL and Mr Smith, who moved in the matter, securing 41 vote, against the 38 polled by the Labour Corner and the Government in combination 'This is Satis factory for the prose 11 'the position of agricultural imple Tientsin other great producing countries is as follows - United (I States Trots Arc, lunn Iii public Free I Or if Britain see No vi z island Free We need to place our farmers in a position similar to that of their rivals abroad And it is to be noted, as Mr In vi M put it yester. day that our Victorian agricultural implement makers are perfectly willing I that agriculture implements should be put on the free list, provided that their own raw mules mis and their own tools of trade are put on the free list also I They only demand fair play) I hot A letoiianagrieiiltuial implement makers provide a first class article they have the immense advantage of knowing the local requirements, and the further advantage of the condi- to support given | always to lot of makers who do honestly and intelligently sure the! community It was premature Of Mr BRIM to move in the' direction of free tools of trade 1 soda), but we apprehend that such a motion will not be premature a little later on the makers, who mo Intel ligently eager to advance the interests of their customers, are ready to see duties swept away on conditions-and those conditions can be complied with 'the duty on hessians found favour with the House, for the old excuse offered for the unexpected infant, that it was such a little one Nevertheless a strong case was made out against the new 10 per cent, impost. Indeed, the. objections to this duty are typical of those to be taken in. a hundred find one other instances.' Tile jute of commerce is grown in the tropical valley of the Ganges, so that the manufacture of hessians out of jute must ever remain the mere making up of fine imported material. No Victorian resource is developed whatever, while on the other hand a number of the native industries of the colony are undoubtedly taxed and the wholesome principle, as we contend, is that the artificial trade is of small account, and that the native industry is always deserving of the utmost consideration-a principle which up to the present debate has been studiously ignored. The sugar refiners who use hessians for bags protest against the duty, which they aver will cost them £1,000 per annum; the makers of bags protest ; the millers, representing a genuine native industry, all protest against the duty and some few of the country members put in a plea for their constituents who line with hessian their wooden cottages on the wind-swept plains. Altogether some £3,000 or £4,000 per annum will be paid by other trades and other people to the one manufacturer- and, it may be added, not the slightest precaution is taken as to the fair division of the plunder between the lucky maker and his employs, The protest of the sugar refiners and of the millers- was entitled, it may be urged, too far ''Kiora consideration than it received, for assuredly the state has no right, whatever to compel these particular trades to contribute to the support of another. At the best this taking away from one set of industries in order to give to another cannot possibly add to the riches of the country. It is a mere cutting off from one end of the blanket in order to add to the other and a few inches are always lost in the operation. There is always waste. The gentle art of lobbying may be altogether unknown to the manufacturer who carries off the duties-and if any other impression is correct the fault lies with the hon. members whose speeches countenanced the idea. Mr. JAMES MILLER was lauded to the skies -the man and his machinery. He is a gentleman who has been nibbling at duties for thirty years, so that he certainly should be an expert by this time. It is gratifying to learn from Mr. HANCOCK and others that Mr. M ILLER can be trusted to do justice to the country, to the buyers, to his employés possibly to himself. His word, is half a-dozen strangely fervent members aver, is as good as his bond. In addition to his many other admirable qualities, the worthy monopolist is also, it seems, a Scotchman. " When you make a con " tract with a Scotchman," says MAX O'RELL in his lecture, " you maybe " sure that it will be carried out to the " very letter." " And," the lecturer adds, after the storm of applause from Scottish throats has subsided, " you " may also depend that you have got the " worst of the bargain." There appears no reason to suppose that this rule has been departed from in the arrangement made with Mr. MILLER in the present instance. . An effort is being made to excuse, palate, and even.' make merry over the "lobbying" which has been going on in Parliament-house since the tariff discussions began as if the " strangers " who have been cornering members on the floor of the Queen's-hall, sipping wine with them in the balcony overhead, and beaming upon them from reserved and exclusive seats in the Speaker's Gallery, had invented a new pastime. The scene is so amusing that writers and talkers make it an occasion for uttering pretty jests. Mr. GEORGE BRUCE'S shining countenance scatters rays which light up the area round about him as if he were the very latest form of incandescent lamp. The fears and apprehensions of the political prude are laughed at as heartily as over feminine modesty was by beaux of society in the gay times of WYCIIEIILEY. A new departure has commenced, and Parliamentary government in Victoria, hitherto so slow, so grave, so prudishly proper, is undergoing development which should bring it rapidly up to the level of Congress when that all- powerful and well " controlled " institution is securing the interests of sugar. Hitherto there has been too much stand otHsm. Between members and strangers [the line of demarcation has been too ! broad, their intercourse has been too distant, too ceremonious. The two which made the visitor enter the gallery A on tiptoe lest the creaking of his Col Ringwood soles should disturb Mr. I Speaker, and which obliged him to speak to his neighbour in whispers so [ faint that the. doorkeeper should fail to ! hear, has been laughingly thrust aside ; the Queen's-hall has become as lively as ! 'Clmngowhon a nowfwd is reported from Birdum., or Tattersall's Cup eve. [There are only wanting seats and tables for the money-changers to revive the full memory of the Temple and to show us how legislating, like variety burlesquing, may be brought up to date, and the majestic edi lies at the top end of Bourke-street elevated into successful rivalry with the Princess's Theatre as a place of entertainment for strangers, with the special advantage of being free. " Lobbying" under the tariff may be said to have begun with sulphuric acid, one of the ingredients of which goes by the suggestive name of brimstone. The chairman of the Tariff Board, in his first speech, was proud of his recollec- tion of the nerve and determination with which he had pierced through the vaporous surroundings of a privileged industry, and he related the story of his heroism with so, no unction to the ] house, representatives of the charmed ¡ rain were not given the option of volunteering information or staying away. 1 had them summoned to " attend, and made them deliver sworn " testimony," said the chairman. inviting the House to admire the rectitude and fairness with which the task of collecting facts for Parliament had been perforated. Upon the facts so collected a decided recommendation by the Tariff Board was made. Lobbying had not begun when time recoin monday- tion was first expounded. line between his iii.tspcechandhisM'cond Mr. TUCKER was waited upon, he was reasoned with he was told that, notwithstand- ing all his daring and all his searching, he had harvested but half the facts. What the other half of the case was like the public does not know, for the supplementary examination was not hold in public. It convinced and converted Mr. TUCKER, but it failed to convince the House, because he did not share with the House the persuasion to which his logical mind had succumbed New and better tactics were perceived to be necessary 'The course taken with the chairman of the Tariff Board was seen to be ineffectual It had only succeeded where it had been directly applied 'He true procedure was perceived to be to figure in potato wish every member willing to be approached either directly or through the medium of an influential constituent long ago Parliament passed a statute forbidding the holding of meetings within view of the Legis] ative Chambers Members were resolved not to be bullied by mob gatherings assembling nearer to them than Paddy's Market But the arguments employed, the eloquence spoken the influences used in connection with such gatherings, were open I Everybody heard or read what was said 'they were considered dangerous because they might convince the popular mind though they might fail with Parliament and therefore public meetings within x len of Parliament house are to this day absolutely forbidden by statute Against the insidious persuasiveness of the " stranger" who earwigs and button holes, the Legislature has not yet deemed it necessary to take precautions It has hitherto been too simple, too gale less, too little in touch with the ways of the world and of the "lines" and by ways of the world, to fear or even bashfully suspect When ' exhibits ' arrive from the hat mills in shape that would do for a Christmas present to the inmates of the Immigrants' Home members in their innocence handle thenVadmire the beauty of the work manship, try them on, and absently walk away It is recorded of the first PITT that the ascendancy he acquired in the House of Commons and the terror he inspired there were due to his magnificent probity and the holy fury that any suggestion of impropriety kindled within him He NBY VOX, as quoted by Lucky, describes a debate on a contested elec- tion in which the member who was accused of bribery (bribery among the electors) earned with him all the sympathies of the House, and kept it in continual roar by a speech full of wit, humour, and buffoonery It was an occasion for pleasantry, just as now Mr PITT came down from the gallery " The terrible," says On waters But LI R, was his peculiar power the " whole House sank before him Upon that occasion by his first two periods " he brought the House to a silence and attention that you might have " heard a pin drop " The rebuke was scorching, and the members couched, as it were, before the glare of his piercing eye as he asked them whether the Commons was so sure upon its foundations that they themselves might venture to shake it If Pain's audience was one which needed, in such circumstances, to be brought to feel that it stood trembling on the very brink of a precipice, surely in these days the moment to pause and consider is when the beginnings of the new movement, with its levity, its six penny sordidness, and its contemptible selfishness, are first detected It pains us to see the sometime honoured name of BRUCE'S the case of one member of the brotherhood the si non) m for scrupulous, manly integrity-men tioned in connection with influences which, if anyone attempted to bring them to bear upon the judge in his chambers on the jury in the jury room, I would start a second Black Thursday I Is the institution which calls itself the I High Court of Parliament content to I deliberate in a less pure Rnnctuir) than the Court which is called Supreme? What is the use of the Legislative Assembly providing accommodation in the gallery for reporters, so that the public shall read, in print the reasons which enable members to arrive at their conclusions, if the debate which deter- mines how the wavering votes shall be cast takes place in quiet no ks in the corridor or in remote committee rooms 1 Prompt action has been taken, upon the complaint made in our columns of rowdyism in suburban railway carriages, and one offender has been severely punished To what extent this proceeds ing they check the misbehaviour vye am not say, but it is evident that p lice interference should not begin until cult with one prosecution The evil is not likely to be stopped because one man is fined What is required is that the dope talent should tell oil men to travel in the last suburban trains for a week or so now and again, power being Mien them to bundle distilleries of the peace and of the compartments lite fear of exposure before fellow passengers as much as any other circtimstiiiico, deters persons from travelling without tickets and if rowdies know that they were in able to be hauled out of the (it must s if they became riotous, they would be subjected to a restraining influence of much Rti ciiEth We would not udy is that prosecutions should come , on the ci net as), they should follow in every case , but it is important to have some means of pi our pt treatment Touonsm must be put down, and railway officers can best do the work I'lissoiigors ought not to Ira ex posted to pursue oflonclers A man who enters a turn is entitled to believe that he will be carried in safety and comfort to his destination If he is incomes tied in assaulted the Railway department is responsible, and the department should recognise its obligation We li 2 of The ml of several instances which Hiippcut the contention that passengers in uni iced in an invidious position in lopntnu mls behaviour A suburban resident HU TO informed, was violently, as started on his way home and complained to the station-master when he left the) train In a towclijhhu uns tine intense! that if be protected further in the matter he would at a lie articled VI but he is not his limb and it lies. were divulged li) the State that sister to whom the c imp] nut was in use n t mine si) lent the unchristian s to suspend its Jins illustrates the difficulty) in the way of de chine, with sucin millets may mu Hellions the claim for disciple section Um Soin nor Otu ral was strong 1 in til her lune Council . Mer he M Mr C alter it to the lap mis- rain set in early with Omit line mi in which die col inns June a churn i o pi Hen s'!. l) "am. notice within ill um I am Mr in this In Mit- Hill in woman assuring that the mine r was occupying, nor am I"' that the Ministry was carried] "him, with the Governments I am c 1 UM with the view of arrange- U I °",1U'L for some joint action further on I me a wiisnixtuvciibj the Cum into the British) SJCII ties Actual) Hill Sir J H limit Sir o' pruning in culminates a new CIIIIIHC I tell should make it imperative to r in future holders of tin appurtenant to he a fellow settler of the British Instil the of Actuaries or the Scottish result of Actuaries A decide I incline was manifested in favour of this crop f or some modification of it in I Mr ( the"' eventually agreed to a further postponement of the matter. The Theatres Act America must Wil was passed through Its Html stones after ineffectual opposition to Mr Melvin and Mr Abbott The Gaols well and the Voluntary Convey ances Hill were passed through their remaining -stages, and the Trust. Bill and the Married Women's Property, Hill were further considered in committee and reported the House at 25 minutes to 12 o'clock adjourned until Tuesday) Further work was done on the tariff in the IegislnliveAssembl) yesterday, but the progress was slow Members are impatient for the (land, and set speeches are resented He ginning with hessian anew duty of 10 per cent was based on income of Mr James Miller who apparently has but to ask to receive to compensate in some measure for this increase, Ministers proposed a reduc now on hosiery) seems to 25 percent, making cotton linen hosiery and military socks tree before that item was touched, however Mr Deal in edgell raft speech on the contribu- tion on lobbying published! in our issue on Monday) the HOUSe was alert, and for a moment it appeared as if there would be a long debate on the iniquitous practice which gum interested manufactures such a great advantage over the community generally) But the Speaker managed to keep the matter within the limits of personal explanations, and only two members were heard It was with a heavy BIRTH na of school boys cheated of a fight that members returned to their duties After hosiery), implements were dealt with, Mr M Coll bia' ing the Government (though it was supported by fair James Patterson) on a proposal to reduce the rate on viticultural and horticultural appliances, as well as upon those used in agriculture Mr Irvine, however failed to rouse the House to a sense of the importance of remitting the duties on agricultural implements or even on their component parts A proposal by Mr Sterry to have the (duty on implements used in channel and road making reduced was promptly negatived J. he duty on jewellery was reduced from 25 to 20 per cent without discussion the duties on labels which are of various amounts were lined at 20 percent all round, after Mr J houison Had made a brief but futile attempt to lower the duty to 25 per cent the Government proposal to reduce the duty on carriage lumps from Jo to 3 per cent was concurred in, and Mr Murphy) was successful in having the duty on kerosene I snips similarly) lowered, against the wishes of Ministers who declined to go to a division after calling for one when they saw how badly) the) wercbciitin The next item was leatherware, including harness saddles, and portmanteaus upon which the re is a duty of 45 percent the Government proposed a reduction to 31 per cent, and Ministers succeeded in carrying their pro- position against the labour numbers, who desired to maintain the Ililli duty Progress was then reported and the House adjourned at a quarter to 12 p.m. till half past 1pm to do) It was hardly necessary for Mr Deakin to attempt to make the House believe that he did not write the article on lobb) tug which appeared in our columns on Monday) The terseness of the composition was convincing proof that he was not the author but he did raise the question of authorship jester its) li) bringing the matter before the Clmmbir in the midst of the tariff discussion The Premier moved that progress be reported to enable the subject to be dealt with in due order and Sir Graham Berry having taken the i hair, Mr Deakin began He said that his name was mentioned in the article as one who was touched on the shoulder by a person in the gallery who asked him to speak to a suburban member '1 hat was the case, but he did not know the person's name, his business, nor his purpose As this was the only item in the article of which he could speak with knowledge, and I as this was quite correct, lii8L,cnirul statement that all the other assertions (as to which he had no knowledge) were incorrect is not of much value But he made that stan mint and re pated it, all the Burnie and Ministers and Minister supporters, who are all u]>riglitaml nure eileen d loudly " J he only clue has 1 Mt Denk in which we have to the authors of this article is that it was written I j onw of Mr I Denison s friends, because it says that Mr i houison brought up the matter at one of our' afternoon dents There were cillstorMr Thomson, but that hon. number did not wait to be called He was up lMBtiintl), and told Mr Deakin that he was one (favouring to be little the House 1 further, he said that he knew nothing of the article but it was absolutely true that lobb) nig had 1 ten practised to the Knut annoyance of members He had had an insulting remark ml I said to him for a vote he had given He had taken steps to have the practice stopped Mr M'Lellan was about to raise the point that the matter was out of order when the Speaker ruled that there was no question before the chair. Mr. Deakin had still) made a personal explanation and Mr 1 houison a similar explanation, and debate could not be permitted I He new duty of 10 per cent on hessians was challenged by Mr Langdon, who moved that it be struck out on the ground that the in in rial was I merely a d in connection with agriculture and in the lining of weather board houses Mr Heat replied that the ('Oiirnniint had adopted the r commence during loth Land Boards Mr Miller, Noel and twine manufacturer, having asked for the duty Protests against the proposal had been received from the Millers Association and the sugar refuse to Mr Murray scrofula contends 1 that Mr Miller showed by his silence that he did not will the city that he was already menu i factories and exporting missions, and would consent to do very well at the best ' ness Mr Longmore and Mr lrtnvvilli will surprise 1 at Mr Miller's mod ration, and shall have given more than 10 per cent I Mr M Coll on the other hand thought that I the new duty your I mean equivalent m I crisis in cost, an I was not soothed by) Mr Irtiiwiths and Mr Harriss assurance that Mr Miller would ii use to the price of his product Sir James Patterson suit held near Mr Miller who was a shrewd both man and would take what he could I (get Jin per rent would be aided to the price of chaff bags Members, | however did not regard the matter very feelingly, and the item was adopted On hosier), Mr Winter was the principal 2 sp along the Government proposed to n since the general duty from 15 per u nt to a i I'r cent and to make cottell and limit hosier) uni military socks now dutiable at the belief not, fire Mr Winter Strugnell 1 hard to cut the exemptions struck out and ibsplijidsocl sin abundance in proof of the excellence of local musical turn But he n Idressi la hostile House No one replied and when the chairman declared at, miss him he dunlin led a division but only the Id our members and a few others including-, the Marquis of course, wished to murder the 1 oor lunn s seeks dear Mr W inter ill 1 not 9 rests in his dunlin i, and the item as pro I 1> Sl II v the ROOM wheat was agreed to in intension, debate arose on agricultural mind Hunt, which the Ministry proposed to re race from _:_ to 15 per cent At the outset r r Sterr) wished to move that machinery Fund Ionia as well as implements used in a similar viticulture and horticulturist like wise lower d but Mr II, at n stated this union lm at un | it wuanigatived by 44 to 18 Mr M I ii) t,_|cm(t up or set, on a scale move 1 that implements' for viticulture and horticulture other than those included in the free list HIIOUI 1 be admitted at 11 II cent line was agreed to by |_ to fr Mr Irvine this opened up a man h lirurqmstitnbv moving that manuf return s ol munis ust 1 exclusively for implements should be a Inntt, d free This was pripara ! tory to another motion to make implements themselves ' free Jin ample mint makers had sworn before the fur iff Board that the) j could compete successfully) without duty it the rate invitingly were admitted free, hand as I uewimtclfieeimplenientBliewouldliratmovcl for treat parts this question of cheapening <>? agricultural implements was momentous, and would have to be faced by country members Mr Heat spoke with much «arinthiiyuiiBtthc proposal, declaring that fermenting representatives on both tariff Hoards Uni notsupportsuch views, and asserting that the result of the removal of the duty would mean the sum of the agricultural Implement industry Mr Murray Smith and Mr Madden made strong reason, why the duty should be removed but Mr Kennedy, speaking for farmers in his quarter of the country said time the remission was not asked for, and Mr Webb, another farmers representative, supported this view The amendment was negatived, and the Government proposal as amended at the instance of Mr M'Coll carried A few months ago the Minister of Defence received from the Secretary of State for the Colonies a confidential copy of the report of the Colonial Defence Committee a both composed of seven] leading naval and military expert deals with colonial (let news As the report referred to the inutility of con timing a floating defence in Port Phillip, now that the forts at the Heads have been completed Mr M'Culloch wrote asking the War Office for permission to put any lines portion of the report in justification of the notion of the Government in giving up the gunboats and reducing the strength of the Initial forces listerIn) the Minister re received permission to publish the ripon j winch reads as follows - The examination of the schemes of defence proposed for the several fortified ports in the colonies lins oblige 1 the Colonial Defence Committee to consider to what extent the possession 01 local floating defence adds to the strength of the piano so long; as the fixed defences of the port which it has been decided to fortify) remained incomplete the employment of HoMing di fences helped to give the pi ice si punt) and was therefore if not permanently at least temporary!) neces say) -he completion of the arteries and other fixed defences has greatly mo llfied tina con huon Die tip in the references which the Ho using defences were intended to fill no longer exists, and it is found that in some places the Meeting districts cannot bear play without imposing serious restrictions upon the efficiency of the shore buttern a b., interfering with an 1 limiting the area of firing of the guns in here this is the case floating (Menus, so far from adding to the strength of the places, distinctly weaken it At here there is a sufhciPi t specious arm of navigable water behind the fortifica- tions to permit the local defence vessels to manoeuvre their employ au ii t does not interfere with the efficient working of the guns in the battens Hitchin whom this is so it is generally difficult to obtain from floating harbour defences at el" ct commensurate with the outlay) entailed by them ' The sitting of the final ing Commission yesterday was a short one, the only witness examined being Sir Gnlmm Herr) Speaker in the Legislative Aasi ml 1) and an ex . rensurer Iii stated that the Post office Say mel Bank and the Commissioners' Saville's Pink should be amalgamated and conducted as one institution now that the Government has virtually taken over the managment of tin hitler ban!. He con ault ntl time we real result in the two banks doing conduct d more economically) Sir Graham in r p) to a question, state that the issuing of bank notes should be left entirely in the hands of the Government, and not of the tanks is at present, for, although during the banking: crisis of 1893 the notes were accepted at their face value, the Government notes would give the public a greater sense of security The commission will conclude taking evidence to-day), and will then adjourn for a few weeks to enable the chairman (Mr Winter, M L.A ) and the secretary to prepare the draft report The board of members of the Legislative Assembly appointed to inquire into the condition of the butter industry and the question of whether an impure butter is exported from here, and also it butter deteriorates) being keptforsom» months in cool chambers aat)eaterdii) at the Government offices and arranged the method of procedure It was decided that the meetings should be held in private as mincemeat statements might he made which might. be published before they contradiction or explanation was made and so unjust!) injure the industry It was resolved that the committee sin not meet this afternoon and that the first witness should be Mr D Martin the secretary íorAgncul (tun J An inquiry was conducted at the Custom jnljiiBi jester la) 1) Mr J A Panton, P.M.,' and I upturns S I inns and J Tozer into the circumstances of the collision of tin at ira ship Julia Percy with the Imhtir Ho vail and the steamship Albany as at the entrance to the River Yarra on the 11th man Mr 1 rgus n appeared for the Marine Board, and Mr Gordon Stewart, for Mr Henry these) late master of the luIinPtrO), who was charged with misconduct 1 the Court found that they barge was sustained, although the case was not one of gross misconduct, and cut owed Mr li ese), beaulia ordering him to pay to) us costs i lie circumstances of the collision were found to be as follows [ -In rounding the Gellibrand lightship the I mural r of the Julia Percy found that there was nothing in the fairway between him and the entrance to the mer J he lighter Howard was then Bightrd about a point on the starboard bow, and as he deemed her to be Stationary he continued his course until within a few lengths of theatres), when he observed that the lighter was on her course towards Viillitunstoivn He lit In of the Julia Percy) was then put hard a Mnrboiir 1, and the steamers as whistle was sounded to attract attention but not withstanding these prec actions, which at this time i lam remained in Jules le. till collision occurred by which the. Julia Pt re wantonly cut the starboard side and sustained serious 'damage at the british Me hear Society, tbrouajF Charles Girlaeii, an employees theirs, on the Jlrtl May last summoned a man who styled himself Professor Leo Haut mont but whose real name was said told Hyland to the North Melbourne Police Court for having pretended to be a musical pro stationer Hu magistrates which (has missed the charge on the ground that it was not proved A rule miss for an order to review that decision was obtained by the 80-ton, uni yesterday Dr Mullen appeared before the Full Court to move the rule absolute but there was no appearance for Hautinout J ¡le evidence in the case was that Hiiutmont had circulated pamphlets with tin little HMD after ma nunn, mind we'll li it was said in substance showed that li prell nth d to he a no real tuan At the close of the argument the Chief Justice said that Mr I untie i Jlolrojil and Mr Justice A Hulett, wine with him constitutes the Court were of opinion that the magistrates find enue 'o i. proper conclusion on the on li net As for him silt in the absence of any other to the need to explain the little HMD and the word registered which appeared in the puiiphlttH he const lead and tin magistrates acting on tin ultimo should have convicted me tin mine He was not however, pr pin I am died) from his brother anglers in i said that the word ' r altered I wilson)) such as was commonly used, all 11 that H M I) was not the only or) whether tion of a medical practitioner The rule time was training I and the decision of the magistrates turn her concerned I In the 'second Civil Court and rum, before Mr. Justice Hodges Mots Host on kt, bind Unis Price MP in again The man and John "Stanway were charged with conspiring to defraud the Customs manner I) transmit china for drawn as Im on g to face once I Pe i fire tin and) wire impaired Mr I Hinkson who appeared further to II mentioned that, in the bar or of the principal v if ." ' would be impossible to plant (I will .-. which was consequently) adjourned to the following day) I stir in the sun moon tin with case in question appear but it was then too late to light any alteration in the arrange merits Mr Purvis QC, and Mr Coldham instructed by) Messrs Braham and I insist on me and for the defence There is a disin- on the part of some in m 11 in of the Metropolitan Board of Works that the criticism of the sewerage system in the metropolitan municipal councils should not be hampered by ignorance of the facts and it was decided yesterday that arrange ments should be under) which every municipal council in the metropolitan area shall have an opportunity of visiting the works 1 he fact that the proposal is made just prior to the elections has no significance, as Commissioner Gillian, who brought it forward, does not retire this term, and it is merely a co I incidence that many of the commissioners who voted for it do As to the choice of a day, ' 'Thursday or Friday would do one member suggested Did you say '1 first) Friday) ' asked Commissioner Moore, who had not caught the words corr ctl) All difficulty as to who should act as host on the occasion was removed by the prompt action of Com missiomrGabon tin mover of the motion who promise that the chairman would with the hospitality which had always chame tensed line, be only too glad to act as host on the occasion of these by vveeUI) tours Mr I it7gibl on 1 husbands at the unexpected compliment murmured something as to insuperable difficulties but Commissioner Gahan would not hear of his depriving himself of the pit nature of entertaining the i more metropolitan municipal area-and is i prepared to spend the last sovereign of the chairman's salary rather than that the distressing ignorance on the subject of the board's main lines shall continue in day! past declines to bury its dead at any rate, its spirits still walk wearily One such ghost in the form of a bank reconstruction scheme appeared at yesterday's meeting of the Metropolitan Board of Works, and (give members the opportunity for some interesting reminiscences Commissioner St) ICH rammed the meeting that he with six other commissioners had, when the first one million loan was received from England, urged the bounce committee to divide the sum between nine banks instead of three, and were told that it was part of the contract with the chairman, then in England, that it should be divided equally between three banks Had the board been given a chance to approve this suggestion Commissioner St) les declared it would now have had money to work on Commissioner liddell, as one of the then finance committee said that he was opposed to p! icing the money at fixed deposit until the return of the chair in from England but the banks as assured them that they had no option, as it was part of the agreement with the chairman-who, on his return, had repudiated any arrangement of the kind Mr 1 it/gibbon again took the oppor- quality of s antlers that he had entered into no at rangement binding the board in any way in the matter and that those who wished to direct the lining committee as to the disposal of the loan could have brought the matter before the board by it motion On the notice paper It was agreed however, that there was no use in further discussing that most pathetic but unprofitable of themes " A hint might have been recently) a village settler in the Goulburn Valley district who was receiving monetary aid from the Government, asserting that he was impecunious, took ill and was taken to the district hospital, where £150 was found in his clothes. On being questioned he stated the money belonged to his daughter In- quiries are now being made by the village settlement branch of the Lands department as to the truth of this statement It is very probable that under any circumstances further monetary assistance will be stopped. The formation of an association to fight actively against the evils of swi thing was the Purpose of a meeting held in the Temperance all last night, Mr H H Champion being in the chair. Mr Samuel Mauger explained that the movement originated with the Wesley Church, that the idea was to extend it, so that people of every shade of religious and political connexion could devote themselves to it A huge number of clergymen especially had promised to actively support the movement, among the names mentioned being those of Dean Vance, the Rev. Dr. Strong, and the Rev. Dr. Torrance. Some had suggested moral suasion, but Mr Mauger urged that the basis of the agreement should be drastic legislation. Mr W. J. Launer thought that men actively associated with any particular side in politics should not take " prominent, part lest it should prejudice the movement. The chairman suggested such remedies as the prevention of home work, the late King of goods as a proof that the v were made in the factory, and the posting of the wage rates in prominentpltu ea in each factory, suggest- ing also the New Z around act as a model of who was required. The main purpose, it was explained, was to prove to the Government and the labour numbers in Paris ment ub|R public opinion on the question was pro jXnnci ii enough to force some notion during the present MANSION in minimising the The times Act The meeting was not a large one, but a number of those present gave in their Bulli s as being willing to co- operate actively, and Sir h Mutiger and the Rev. W. R. Burton were temporarily appointed secre- taries to the movement. The bu im RS men of the western end of the car) and especially those in or north of Bourke street have for some turn train on devouring to secure an over head bridge at St i near street stall in giving them more prompt communication with the railway goods sheds in communication with which at present is of it most men labour, kind as it is necessary to go down Spencer street and along I Hillier's states r in the t words business in ii, instead of going, straight on in early to the pont the) wish to reach, have to travel three sides of a square The request was first, made by a conti fence of a pri sentence is of the Berlin m municipalities in I carter and was subse quit all) taken up by tin hilson ss men in a sealed '1 is footway sought is in high by -I one very similar to that at the JnornK station, within a well known architect and member of the Legislative Conn ill estimates will cost kills 10s, and which he is willing even at for thataninunr This would cross Hit Inns in the war an oil tin northern did of tin J asen Ion and we illustrate an island platform and nhiioBt in a ii le with Bourke street but the Munster offers instead a short r loom ay just to the south of the lump tending to the island platform at a cost of sell) As an inducement to the Minister to undertake the work which would give whose convenience 1.5 periodical lulu t 'renders him pledged themselves to extend their tickets to "Spencer street instead of 1 In that street as at present and many a one is who have not been asked would, it is expected, do the same but the mere ised I see a line of at least £150 per annum from this source" is not considered a fair return for an mines d outlay it under iKJO Scully, a bring to cost 1200 which will him but only the goods customs in on made partment, is cause lend preferable to one which can be built for twO ann will be so tara public convenience us to bring in an extra £1.0 a year In the original n arrange mind of the rapt nee r street station nine loo bridge to cost 11 JUO was designed at the point w here it is now asked for views. cut out on the ground that no public demand hail and mud for It Z Mr A L N W attack, the chess champion of Australia, is to give a second xhihiliinot i HiinuUunr,nut> chairs at the M R ourne Chats , Club on Friday July) 2) He will meet n I limit of 30, op ment, who will be a 'cold i by time an nee in the child from the for lowing listener Arnold Mr Un union Mr I by), Mr Cr ivi 11 v C J Droujit Mr Dunn Mr J n.'hsh Mr Hunt Mr 1 He!! Mr Ireland, Mr Hay, Mr H mm) Mr I Thomas H Anderson Mr Hutchins in Mr F au Iel s, Mr M Adam Mr M Cutcheon, Mr Miller Mr Ni left, Mr A N Noell Dr Parkinson Dr Lavin Mr Rowe, Mr ¡snap son Mr stabl nek Mr 1 year, Mr I bonus, Mr A Wallace and Mr I H Wilson Play is to 11 ment half past 7 p in and to close at quarter to H p m I Hu Ituilivn) dipiitment)eaterda) accepted SO ten tons for the supply of 10 000 redgum I ironbark and grey Fox silt pera di bond at various tations The prices ranged from 2s HE ton's rail principle I J The behaviour Army) will is held their annual seem mci ring in the Mtlbonm 'down hill a ? II train "lay in chains His Excell a ) I the State. Governor will print It and the speakers umrtuHt others will include M I Justice II The s tin M main r of Lands and Customs at d t remissions r t enable the Ktv Institut Smith will make the first This For Until li] pim meet, in the MU r nun) hull is night which li will r at his indicating an I amusing lecture DimiiTHs the 1 early ere 'yet in I am ml Is to morrow en man.' he will give I for in the! time in M II and his belief in it 11 sites at St I uni o From (j price to Cr sin i line is not" the best A! 11 nunn Tumor Scott II (for the ther with their p in ms and sup port It is the form athlete put in I witiHSs He a minute at the (Union! i memory of Mr 1 muk M Birks 1 lupin Company v. "picture programme has line art and I I M Flinn 1 Holt and his cr mean) time an almost to the and of the ir Mills met J Mc ni v uni the attractive S|ictnc«i!ardrniim| will is withdrawn from th I In n In Royal air i Fri la) anning to sail p in) for a train at an! military) comedy) drama A Suitors Knot which will be stage I on S Uni day the followers of the burwood Boards have arranged to be present tonight to w liners the production of A Million of Mona) i In response to the (ip c ii made by a committee for I Illulia to license the Rev Canon Tucker and Dr Strong from the liability they have a nour rod In come no ct i on with the Tucker Village Settlements we have received the following additional sums per the Rev Dr. Strong 'Collected by Miss Wilkie, £1 5s. collected by Mr. Quirindi, £1 39. i In responses to the appeal by the mayor of South Melbourne (Councillor (Urapuanathj on behalf of a I distressed family In South Melbourne we have re- A cared the following ¡.ub-crlpuons W.F.C., £1 ; i A.G.O.,.; K.M., 6s. a Miss Coiiriihero will hold a reception in the St. Kilda Town-hall this afternoon from 3 to r. Miss Coinnhere will be assisted by her father, the universe St. Kilda. Depositors in the following branches of the Com- mKomners' Six Inas Bank are reminded that the an early inspection of passbooks will take place at Carlton to-morrow and Friday, and South Melbourne on Monday and Tuesday next. The side of building materials which was to have been held by Messrs. W, L. Baillieu to-morrow, under instructions from the secretary of lands, has been postponed till the 1st Australia. Messrs. John Buchan and Co. will sell at their rooms to-day land and buildings in Little Collins street, known as Cnttanat*k's-buildinîfs ; property in Brighton and Kew ; and land and house in King street. Messrs. Gemmell, Tuckett, and Co. are announced is to hold a inorttrairee's sale of city, suburban, and 1 country properties to-day at their room'. I last" Sunday, at St. Joseph's Roman Catholic Church, Port Melbourne, Gounod's.. "Messe Solemn- ' Selle" was effectively rendered by the choir and grand orchestra, bite occasion being the Sunday within the octave of the Fe list of our blessed Lady of Mount Carmel. The principals were Misses Nellie ¡ Moroney and Doyle, Messrs. T. and J. MaefJonan ; ' Mr. V, Cannon, conductor, while Mr Albert Dunn I presided at the or war. The South Melbourne municipal Revision Court J will continue its sittings this evening: at 6 o'clock, at the town-hall, Bank-street, when claimant., and ob- jesters whose cases have not yet been dealt with should appear. Mr. F. E. Pollock, of Swanston-street, announces i himself as a candidate for election as a member of the committee of management of the Melbourne Hospital. } Tire day of election has been fixed for Wednesday next. TO-DAY'S ARRANGEMENTS. Inquest religions Vires, Morgue, 10 a.m. Banking Commission, Treasurer's Office, 2 p.m. Reception Mayor of St. Kilda and Miss Connibere, St. Kilda Town-hall, 3 to 5 p.m. Legislative Assembly-Continuation of Tariff Debate, 3.30 p.m. Christian Endeavour Society Anniversary', v Collins-street Independent Church, 7.45 p.m. Lecture, Mr. J. E. Mackey, "The Colonies unit the empire," Democratic Club, 8 p.m. Sacred Concert, Christ Church, Lower Hawthorn, 8 p.m. Royal Humane Society Annual Meeting, Sel borne chambers, 4.30 p.m. Accountants and Clerks'' Association, General Meeting and Lecturette, Mr. Max Hirsch, 3 pm. " Temple of Light," afternoon and evening. Auction Sales. See Abstract on page 2. Luvr Courts. See Law List on page S. 