ATTEMPTED ROBBERY. Just now the city is infested with a gang of thieves many of whom are well- known to the police, and numerous petty larcenies have bean reported to the Criminal Investigation Depart- wan. ah attempt to roo me nouse ot Mr. George Parsons, of East-terrace, was made on Christmas Eve, but fortunately the miscreants weredisturbed before they had time to' begin operations, and no loss was Sustained, tnie' house seems to' have been well watched, and &c; burglars carefully planned, their work.' Mr. and Mrs. Parsons and their family .were away from- their residence all the evening, and at about 10 o'clock Miss Paracow had occasion to return home. She went round Ito the back door to enter the house, but found it locked. Mips Parsons does not think anyone was inside at this time, and she went away for about a quarter of an hour. .During her absence it is believed the men—it is presumed there were two of them—effected ten entrance. The class -of the parlor window was 4>roken to enable the thieves to get at the fastener, and once this was accomplished they bad no difficulty in getting in. Strange* to say they did not touch a large quantity; of jewellery which was lying about indiscriminately in the parlor. When iCss Patsons returned to the noose she heard a voice inside saying, "Uieat Cosar's ghost, we're-'caught ?"— or words to that effect. She. at once called for assistance, and one at the burglars finding that his position, .was becoming serious "faced the icnac" by rush ing wildly ont by the front door. Heianaa fast as his legs could carry him across the toad, but he had not reckoned on the wire fence en closing-.the park'lands, and the*^w£.-being dark he collided with it. . .The impact seemed to stun him, and a man whom Miss Parsons called to her aid -captured.?? burglar. Acting on the advice <0t -faer-triend she went to the nearest telephone to ba? the police, bat when she came back there *as' w> aien of the thief or the person whom she. imagined was a Good Samarijan, Hiss Par sons thinks tiie other burglar made his. escape by the back door. The police are investiga ting the matter. - ? ? . ? 