r'fIE -OOTI?uIE OS o'rIE CIIUltCIlES. SERMON BY REV. D. A. CAMERON. At St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church, ]lairnadale, on Sunday evening, Rev. I). A. Cameron, M.A., preached from Jolhn vsl, 03-" It is tile spirit that quickeneth; the flesh profiteth nothing. The words that I speak unto you they are spirit, and they are life." He desired to take tihe oppor tuaity to refer to some of the utteralnces of tev. Father Hunt, which lhad been reported in Saturday's Advertlsctr. He was sorry that tihe only thing tlhey should hear at the end of a mission wthicl they had been glad to bear lad been doing good, atnd had had the effect of quickcning the life of anothler denomination, should be wrords reviving thlose old disputed ques tionls rwhichl divided Protestant and Catholic. He was sorry because on tile one oandl if those utterances were ignored it might be said thley were unatswerable, and onl tle otber lhand it might be sug gested that thley were taken ip because there was a want of sympathly with a preacher lwho was laloring to accomplishl good work. There were one or two points ill the sermon, hlowever, wltich it was tecessary to notice. Fathler Hunt Iad said tohat man was to be saved by faith, and hIad aked " How are we to know whatr we must do to obtain tlins failth ?" oand hIe added " We are to be taughlt it by tihe Holy Clurch. Not by thle Bible orby other books." Well, that raised the whlole question, Whho were the church? Of course, it was meant the pope, cardinals, bishiltops and priests -tlle layman had to voice. And the reason was given why we could not be taughlt by the Bible "low would ignorant people, such as those abo could not read, learn ?" Yet Ie (Rev. Mr Camerotn) would reduce that positiol to an absurdity by asking What in such case were they to do with tie deaf? Wete tlhey not to be taught because they could not Iear? Yet examine side by side the two teachers--the Clurcl and the Bible. Whly tile one was like a barrow load of bricks beside ote of God's moutains Tihe Bible brought peace oil eartl and goodtl will to men, but thle hIistory of tihe chlurct, altlough it showed her with matly glories whichl can never be forgotten, displays also many miserable omissions of duty, tragical misutderstondings of truth, cross like rewardilgs of righteousness, and Judas-like betrayals of ilocentce. The Bible compensates for thle invisibility of God. It makes clear to tile whlole world God's character, and speaks ever of hlumanity, as well as of wisdom and mercy. It retains its youth, andti like eternal truth cannot chanlge. It was appointed to do and does whlat could not be better dote if one of tile archlangels took hIis stand upon ute of tile neighborilng stars and spoke to thle people of Itis earth. God Ihad many ways of revealing Hiamsclf, yet te selected thlis one of making tie Bible His salstLitute. Now let lthel compare with it the othter. Atnd lest there might be cotfusiot of words let thlem define the chlurch as the tmen woto were preaching or colnducting the order of thle church. Were thley the true pureness of God's spirit the Holy Power that Christ Ias left in place of Himself to make his words live ? Nay. aot in thlis churclt-not in any of the cturches. Far aould it be from himi to put the Presbyterian Churchl in thIe pilace of God's word. From tte bcgillnilng to the end of the New Testamett they had only the love of tmat to hlis brethren, love like God's for Chirist for all men. Had tlhat been the positiou of the clurchl, awhethler Presbyterian or omatn Cathoolic, or any otler ? From tte begin ning thlere Iad been terrible pcrsecutions. They, of course, believed that thie majority of those persecutions were carried otl by thie Romna Catlholics, but ttey did not forget Ihow cruelly Cromwrell treated tlhe Irish whlo were Catholics, nor Ihow ill Omerica the Puritans persecuted one an other. At least 50,000,000 of people must have perished in Christian persecu tions. 50,000,000 Chlristians perished at thie Iands of other Chlristiaos. Whlat a lake their blood would mnake! Why, a mound raised by their bodlies would be higher than any peak in the Dividing lhange. Was such lcruehly tie spirit of the gospel ? Would they be more likely to get loving hearts from tearitlg whlat Christ said and did or by following such l poor interpreter as that or obtait truth faith ? Did they need to be reminided of thie hlorrors of St. Barthlolo mea ? D)id thie Scotch require to be told of the sufnlirings of the Coveeanters, or of athe English of the days of Craomer ? He said thlat thtere were meat with hIearts of blood upon both sides. Did thtey repre sett tihe Chlurclh ? Yes, as far as tle clturch by counsel and creeds could make them its rcpresentatives. Woas their conduct wlnt Christ laid down int His wvord ? It was certainly not to be found ill thie New Testament. They found ill every time Chlristian ithu matity to other Clhristians--not the gentle spirit of Jesus Chlist. That was tby they must always keep to thie Bible. It was the chlart from rwhlic tlhey must not depart. There was notlhing in it wiich would cause them to tlitnk meanly of any nma nor to call down fire fromt Heaven upon men who did not agree with them. Well now let thlem take thle ques tion of confessiot. Fatler Hunt quoted : "Ie whlo lides his sin shall ntot prosper, but hIe woo confesses hIis sin shall obtain mercy." But was tihat the kind of cot. fessiot lte referred to ? Was it not amere trick with words? Thie Jewihl priest was a married manll. He was an orditary citizen, and was tlhe exact type of otne of thie Protestnont miuisters. But no one confessed to hIim. To quote thoat, thlere fore, was merely a trick with words. Words, if submitted to such a process, would render language a mere gibberish. How could they talk of confession ill tile Jeoish Clurchl wlhen such a tlling was never beard of, and when it was not beard of il cornnection with tile Christian Clurch for cetturies ? Thie secondl quotation givce in thie report of Father Hunt's ser moon he (Rev. lair Cameron) did not re cognise anywllere; but the third, " Re ceive ye tie Holy Ghost, whlose sins you shall forgive tlhey are forgivel, and whlose sills you shall retain are retained," ie would deal withl. In tle Protestant ver. alion it was " they are remitted." It might be called, however, a free transla tion. How about the othler special powers wllcih were givet to the apostles at the same time? How Is it the so-called successors lhave none of the other marks of the Twelve ? There was power given to Paul to slake off ]lis hand a poisonous snake without being injured. There waso the power of bringing a dead man to life. He found also the power to make whole a shrunken limb. Where were ,ow all those othler powers ? Whlere was the power of life and death as exhibited in thie case of Annanios and Sapphira ? Where is itnow ? Father Hunt said, " People other lthan Catholics say * I contfess to God,' but tlhat is impossible. Yeou cannot confess to God that which Heo alrendy knowrs." Well, where was the C., i, sI of God to ImanI- God sending His owe Son on earth ? Did lnot P'aul, in ireom. xts, tell them every tongue shall cofess to God. At Jordau they came to Joln " for baptism, confessing thleir sins." To whom ? Of course to God. Jolin the laptist was not in thie church at all. There as ino priest there. They confessed to God. In Joshua they found "making con fession to tihe Lord God ofyour forefathers." Eyra commanded " cofession to God." The reason given by Father Hunt was that you cannot cotnfess to God tlat whlelh He already knows. lBut surely that also ap plies to prayer. Are not we told by Christ hat God kuows wlhat we want before we oask Him ? Or whatis the good ofofering praise to God because He knows already what tiankfulness is in our hearts ? Lastly tlhere was the doctrine of Transublstantin tion. He says " We Catholics halve no such thing as bread and wine in our chlurches, but we believe we have tihe Rental iody and Blood in our communsion." But it sould be found tlat Christ went on to eaxplai that it was the spirit, that "the leshl profitetl nothiiig." Hlow did Father Hulnt prove tlhat they liad no bread and ine ? He says " It is bread and wine but I proeounce tlhese words as. a priest, and it is changed." So tlhat thereis uo longer bread and wine. Your eyes prove false to you. So also does your nose. iWhen lie pronounlces his seiteice )your niostrils can no longer dis tinguish bread from flesh or wine from blood ! Your sense of touchl vaeislies. Your taste loses its trueness. Was not that asking too much from hlumanii nature in this 11th century ? Tihen there was tihe old test of poisoning, and it was found that if a eat ate the bread which was supposed to be no longer bread it was poisonled if there had been poison in it before. ThIe naltera tion, thoughl so stupenldous as from bread to fleslh, could lnot affect poison. Were they to believe tlit Christ ate Himself when He ate at the supper ? They iould be told tlht He did, and therefore His own head wrould be in His own mouthl, and his own body would have gone downi his own throat, aIltoughl they were led to believe that tlie part ceould inot contain the whole-tlit thile whole was greater tlan the part. Then, too, the apostles ate the crucified Saviour before hie wvas crucified, because it is the crucified Saviour you hace in thie sacra ment. Thie living Christ gave His ownr ceorpse to limself and his disciples. It must be admitted that tlhat was most wonderful teacling. They were not to expect to arrive at thie solution of the mystery of Hamlet intil they ate a part ef tle body of William Shakespeare! It was ithe spirit whichi Christ gave them whlich wourld make them one writl God, and so muchl did He insist upon this that He said He would give to them the very Holy Spirit of God Himself that would come to dwell with them; aid by that they should know tihe mind of God and obtaii strengtlh and a knowledge of God and attain to the very life of God. " It is the spirit that quickenili," said Christ; " thle fleshl profitetl nothing." " Tihe words whichl I speak unto you, thed are spirit and they are life." Thlese lhinigs were figurative and nlot to be inter preted osliterally. When He said " I am tile Good Shlepllerd," or " I aml the Vine," what did hle mean ? Was it to be sup posed that HIe had really become a vege table ? Everyone could see that that was an absurdity. WVlhen He said " Carry ieither purse or scrip " did He mean thlat they were not to usa money ? If He told tlhemn to gird up thleir loins swas it to be understood thalt people were alhrays to conetinue to wear the Greek dress ? The literalism lwhich takes His words as only having one meaning, and which weonld atdhere to the strict letter owhen He speaks of the Sacrament, would be ridiculous rbhei applied all througlh. The same literalism wheni applied to tihe senltence, " Behold the Lamb of God whiceh taketh away thie silis of the world," would make of Him a young sheep. 