? iPbfi town dunn^ tbft Holiday ^ AS exceedingly quiet, and most pleasure seekers preferred to hunt up enjoyment in outlying parts. Christmas Day was celebrated at home by one half of the population in that staid and proper way peculiar almost to the Anglo-Saxon race. The Salvation Army band kept everyone in mind of the fax-t that the alleged festive season had arrived by playing appropriate selections outside the principal houses of the town during the early morning, and gave a religious aspect to the performance by taking up a, collection wherever there was a prospect that the locality-would " pan out" welL The other half of the population and its dog went down to Lake Bonney, a place which has become a favorite more and more with each year, the visitors to the Lake side on this occasion numbering quite 500. On" Boxing Day almost all those who could raise the price of an excursion fare proceeded to Worry the station inaster out of existence in a wild rush for tickets to Beachport, and the streets of Millicent were left in such a state of utter desolation that the sight of an intoxicated temperance advocate performing « bacchanalian dance on an upended beer cask would have failed to bring out a crowd. About 500 passengers left here for the sea-side on Boxing Day ai d a number by other conveyances, and the crowd swelled by 800 from Mount Gambier, 100 from Tantanoola, and 100 from Rendelsham, invaded the usually quiet streets and nooks of Beachport to such an extent, that the smiles on the faces of those who cater for the public in that town made a gaping void in the landscape. An energetic botelkeeper from Kingston. Mr. Doris, bad accentuated the-trouble by laying on the steamer Emu for shilling trips over the bay, and a large part of the crowd went for a turn out 011 the briny, the latter suggestive form of expression being used advisedly. The day was beautifully fine and the sea was fairly calm even from a landsman's point ofview,sothe steward was not particularly in evidence. The Beachport Regatta Committee provided aqnatic sports during the day, but the holiday makers as a rule confined themselves to the sandhills while on shore, and devoted themselves to extinguishing the remains Oi Ch is mas dinners, and using language appropriate to the flies and the other blessings and beauties provided by a lieneficent .Nature to prevent mankind from being too comfortable when it lets itself out on the loose Commemoration Day was not commemorated in any very wild fashion, the only amusement provided being the Oddfellows* sports in Millicent, and the population evidently preferred on that day to suffer a recovery from previous dissipation and get ready foi a final burst to usher ia the .New Year. On Saturday tlie business places opened ostensibly for business, but most of the proprietors occupied themselves counting tlie customers going into the other fellows' premises, snl taking a solemn affidavit that times never were so bad. On Saturday also the banks closed up. in fact all through the holidays the banks and traders appeared to have come to an agreement to thoroughly di-agree as to which was the best day to celebrate, and to inconvenience the ou.s!de public as much as possible. New Year's day had been appropriated by the Mount Gambier Caledonians for their annual gathering, and the attraction of a band of fourteen pipers drew tb<whiskey and oatmeal destroying part of population like a loadstone. A large nui nl er besides took "advantage of the spt-ci i train provided by the Jtiaihvay D pa tment and went up to see how mueii of the " war note of Locluel" they could stand. r Hee balance stayed at horn ^ and wished each other a Happy New Year with the same cheerful vivacity asi would be displayed by a ghost when it complains t,» the night winds that its corpse wa* b u ijd in wet ground with a south exposure, Wednesday was kept as a holiday for no particular Teas on except that the; people did not feel ip.eSiaed to work, and that it was not worth while to start so early in the year. At date everyone is trying to settle down again to the routine business of everyday life and praying that the depression will lift—and to the la ter this offii-e utters a hearty " amen," adds a paean of thankfulness that the holidays are over, and hopes that its clients will enjoy the present year until the next season of mournful le^twity comes round to folast the cheerfulness of editors and enlarge the bald ^ot which i - the mark of their calling. 