PRICE MEMORIAL HALL. LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE. The ceremony of luyiug the foundation stone of the Price Memorial Hall, which ia being erected by the congregation of the Tamar-street Congregational Church, was celebrated yesterday afternoon. The foot ways and road for some distance in the vicinity of the church wore lined with a gathering 01 interested spectators. The contractors bad everything in readi ness; and at 5 o'clock the Revs. J. G Wright, W. Law, George Clarke, J. W. of the choir ascended a temporary Btaging, where Beats were provided. The pastor of the church, tbe Rev. J. G. Wright, conducted the proceedings, which were commenced by tbe singing of a hymn, followed by the reading of a chapter of Scripture by tbe Rev. J.Handel Jones, of Hobart. The Eev. W. Law, pastor of Prince's Square Congregational Church, then engaged iu prayer. Tbe Rev. J. G. Wright said that as he in tended making a detailed statement of the cirenmstancas leading up to tbe laying of the foundation Gtone at the public meeting to be held that evening he would not at that time enter iuto any further explanation, but he would read them a document which would be placed in tbe bottle under neath the foundation stone. He then read the following :— ' This stone was erected for the glory of God, and called the Price Memorial Hall, expressive of the long and useful labora of the late Rev. Charles Price, who, for 66 years, was the faithful pastor of the first Independent Church in by Messrs. D. M'Ewan and Sods, the suc cessful tenderers, the contract being £811. Tbe Beats were made by Messrs. H. T. RuebcU and Son for the sum of £102 10s. Tbe total cost of the building, which is of Queen Anne American style, is estimated at £1000, and was designed by Mr A. E. Luttrell, architect, of 6t. John-street, Laun ccston, who is supervising the work. Twenty four of tbe friends and members of the Tamar-strect Church have each guaranteed a £60 building society share, which will mature in 15 \cars, thuB providing for the extinction of tbe debt when thai period elapses. Many other friends have liberally contributed towards tbe erection of the building. A lady member of the cburch had beaded the list with £50. May the blessing of God the FaLher, God the 'Son, and God the Holy Ghost, which maketh rich and addeth no Borrow, richly descend ou tbe united labor now consecrated to the glorv of God. (Signed)— John Geo, Wright, pas'tor, October 4, 1895.' The Rev. George Clarke, he Baid, was chairman of the Congregation al Union of Tasmania, but apart from that he was one of the oldest, if not actually the oldest, ministerial friends of tbe late Rev. CharleB Price, who bad been such a devoted and faithful pastor of the church. It was then very natural tbat tbat gentleman should The Bev. George Clarke then laid the foundation stone, which bore the inscrip tion, ' This building was erected iu niemor . of the Rev. Charles Price ; A. E. Luttrell, architect, D. M'Ewan and Sons, buiLiere.' Tapping thu Btoue with a mallei, Mr Clarke saiu, ' 1 declare this stone to be well and truly laid. May the beauty of the Lord our God be npon as ; may He prosper the work of our hand ; yea, tbe work of |our hand proB per Thou.' Returning to the raised platform Mr Clarke addressed the assemblage, stating that he was very glad to be there, and have the opportunity of uniting with tin.' congre gation in the erection of the hall, which he hoped would benefit the church, and aid them in tbe proper carrviug out of the work thereof. He was glad that the building bad been dedicated to the late Bev. Charles Price, who hod for yery ma.ny years, in mu,ch more difficult times than the present, done great service in the Christian cause. He (Mr Clarke) considered it of great importance tbat the congregation should have annexed to tbe church a bnilding which, yet senarate from it, would serve as a hall such aa was intended, for they could not very well do all that was necessary In connection with church work in a building consecrated to Almighty God. Even the conducting of a Sunday-school in a church was au incon venience, and often led to inefficiency. Although it was well known the Congrc gauonauscs did not set too intrinsic a value on their boly places, think ing that where two or three were gathered together as devout worshippers there was as much probability of their being brought tinder God's influence a6 in any place Bet apart exclusively for the pur pose of worehip, yet he preferred to have the placeH set apart for public worship kept entirely for that purpose. He noticed from the newspapers in the old country thatBoiuc time ago an agitation was got up to utilise the churches for all manner of church work, such as holding of enter LainmcntB, concurLs, etc., and he was verv glad to tind that the effort bad collapsed, and it bail been decided to keep them for the purposes oi worship alone. He hoped and beli.jvcd that the con gregation of the Tiimar-streiu Church would find that the hull being built woulH, when completed, prove to be a great comfort and convenience to them, awl tbat it would add considerably to the efficiency of the church. croaking of evil, and whilst he knew that for ine past two or three years the people of this city, in common with those all over Austral asia, had been under a cloud of depression, be bcliuvcd ii would pass away, and brighter proBpectfl would prevail. Already, he con sidered, there were rifts in the cloud, and he hoped that when they widened the members of tbat congregation would begin, as they had begun, and endeavor to release them selves from tho obligations they bad under taken. He believed they bad acted wisely, and he hoped the building would result in their comfort, and be the means of glorv to God. The Rev. J. G. Wrighi read tbe following telegram he had received from Mr 6. J. Sumod, M.H.A. : — 'Regret my unavoidable abaence from your gathering to-day. Mav the foundation ;stono of the Price Memorial Hall be wall and truly laid, and the building completed as an Ebcnezcr of God's goodnesB to Hie people. Wish you many years of Bucccssful work in the hall, and join with frienu'B in bind remembrances of the past, and high bopcB for the present and future. Greetings to the young people. Hobart riends unite with all to-day in their hopes and aBpiraiiona.' A collection was taken up. A hymn war sung, and the asB^mbled gathering joined in Ringing the doxology. The Ui:v. J. \V. Simmons prayed and pro nounced a benediction, when the crowd dis persed . A presentation of a silver tTowcl, bearing an inscription as U) its King tbe gift of the congregation upon his performing tbe cere mony ot laying the foundation stone, was made by the pastor (Bev. J. G. WriehO to the Rev. George Clark. Tbe description of the building was given in a recent issue. At 6'30 o'clock a large number of the congregation and friends attended at the school-room, and J partook of a tea provided by the lady members of the church. Afterwards a public meeting was held in the church, the platform being occupied by the Rev. J. G. Wright (chairman), Revs. George Clarke, J. W. Simmons, W. Law, F. J. Kancu, Af.A., and J. R. Currie. The chairman gave an address touching the same facts as treated in his speech in the afternoon. Addresses were also delivered by tbe Rcvb. Law, Nance, Clarke, and Simmons, all touching on incident* in the life of tbe Bev. Charles Price ; and also wishing success to the church and congregation. The speeches were interspersed with music and Bioging, Mr Parker rendering a vocal solo, and Mr RolpU a violin solo. At the conclusion of the programme Mr W. Gurr moved a comprehensive vote oi thankB, which was seconded bv Mr Ecymcr and carried by acclamation. * Tbe chairman having replied, the singing of the doxology closed the meeting. The collection during the dav amounted to £23. 