SPORTING. By ' Mascotte.' ' Reginald' says ' Now tliut there is ovory likelihood of him returning to his very best form, it would bo hard to pick a candidate in tho C.u.lficld Cup with moro likely-looking prospects than Bruin. I ho brilliant cx-Gippslander has placed some | high-Class ueous mat ^uiv. ? market Handicap of '94 ho actcd as runner «p to Hova, and then in the spring of the aamo year he ran a vory creditable third m the Caolfiold Cup. This ho followed up at Flemineton by staying long enough to be placed fourth in Patron's Melbourno Cup. With credentials auch as those, Bruin is honestly worthy of every consideration, and as lie is doing thoroughly satisfactorily in his preparation, lie should never for a moment be overlooked in future calcula tions.' Ib will bo remombercd that after my inp 10 mo ouuwu nwv - l - Bruin out as being tho best horse in Vic* j toria, when thoroughly trained. I fully ex pect to see the son of Neckersgnt bear out | my opinion of him in the coming spruit;, und slmll be disappointed if lie docs not give one of tho Cups a big ' shaking. Punters, keep both eyes on him ! An un lucky horee, uut a downright good 'un. Mr Harry Brush, who was recently in jured whilst hunting witli the Melbourne Hounds, is gradually improving. Tho racenorse escort, wnu uu» ''' - long spell, is in work again. Willie galloping at ltandwlck tlie other morning Sir Gcorgo commcnccd to bleed freely from the liose, and, when pulled up, it was found that ho had burst a blood vessel. He will not start at tho present A.J.C. Meeting. The scratching of Attachment for the hp aom Handicap was a great surprise, con sidering the good work the horso had been Cl°T1?0 reason of Valiant being scratched fnr t.he 'Rnaom was 011 account of his sore DMS-' , ?Bob Kay, the A.J.C. Derby winner, has injured his knee, it is supposed through being kicked while in tho weighing on closure after tho race. He has not been out of his box since Saturday, and will not j start any inoro at the A.J.C. Meeting. Mr O'Brien, however, expects the colt will be all right in a few days. # Chcsterman is said to have improved ?wonderfully since returning to his old quarters, and is doing well. Coil is causing his trainer some anxiety. Hopscotch won the Epsom like a stayer, and, being thrown iuto the Caulfiold Uup, ? may havo a chanco oven with his stono penalty. ? Nobleman was badly mtertereu witn at tho half-mile in the Epsom Handicap, com pletely extinguishing his chance. Atlas pulled up badly in the race for the A.J.C. Spring Stakes. Tullamore is said to be causing his trainer -some anxiety. . . 1filt Jack Stevenson, the crack Caulnelu jockey, just missed winning tho Epsom Handicap,. _ Paris is at 33 to 1 against for the Cam bridgeshire Stakes, to be run at Newmarket (England) on October 23. 11 Augur's Ghost ' says : 'Steps aro to bo taken to establish a rowing club in Naran dera. That genial and enthusiastic sport, .Dr. , Watt, is taking the initiative, and several residents have promised to heartily support tho movement.' Mr wen H. Andrew is promoting one oi his 'everlasting' billiard tournaments at N&randera.; G'Naroo is likely to bo given another trial on tho turf. Tho Chipping Norton stablo had a field day at Randwiek on Saturday, winning three races. Hopscotch led off by winning the Epsom Handicap, Quiver gained first mention in tho Spring Stakes, and Witchery sealed tho performances by annexing the Kensington Handicap. Bob Ray was a cheap yearling, costing only3ogns. The trustees of tho Sydney Crickct Ground cablcd congratulations to Stoddnrt ? 1 t ? ? ? ? All TTnr#. WIUI rcgui-u w uta viunuijr u*UL land team. It is stated that Carbine's fee next year | will he raised to 200 gns. Jack Cohen reports that ho could have laid £13,000 more than his book about tho dreamer's double, Bruin and Auraria. Boko and Ethclwin aro bound for India. Tarcoola, the Melbourne Cup winner, is at . tho stud at Kyneton. Recently tho son of . Newminster and Imogene was purchased by Mr H. G. Burr, of Langley, and is said to be as sound as a bell. During tho past racing season in Aits* tralia and New Zealand 70 horses and 30 riders have been killed. Dan O'Brien threw in for a good stako over Bob Ray's Derby victory. No one will begrudge him the ' blue riband.' Kuenalf's third in the Metropolitan, shows a return to form, and if he can bo got as well as ho was last spring, ho will make tilings very inwrcaung tor ma outer uijumu op ponents. Favor, who was a great favorite, fell in tho Hurdle Raco at Randwick ou Saturday. ; Clivo also camo down in tho Trial Stakes. Mannlichcr mudo tho running to tho turn in tho A.J.C. Derby. Leeway has been scratched for the Caul fiold and Melbourno Cups. St. Simon is now ahead of Isonomy in the list of winning stallions in England. 