THE MERCURY. HOBART: FRIDAY, NOV. SI, 1896. o EPITOME OF NEWS Barque Westbury, from London, arrived at Launceston yesterday. Mr. Belstead, Secretary of Mines, returned to town from the North last evening. Estimated cost of new Nurses' Home at Launceston set down at £2,200. Applications for position of Collector to Hobart Regatta Association must bo sont m to tho hon, sec. by 4 p.m. to day. Road rate defaulters in Bothwell Road District will be proceeded against after 30tb inst. Cormorants are greatly incroasing in num- bers and destroying vast quantities of fish in all Tasmanian waters. The sea leopards having become trouble- some to fishermen off tho Hippolyte* are to be no longer piotected. Launceston H ispital revenue gives promise of a substantial credit balance ut end of financial year. Applications for position of second medical officer to Friendly Societies of Zeehan, West Coast, recuivable rill 19th prox. Particulars at this office and of 0. E. Walter, P.O., Zeehan. Prospects of peace between Turks and Armenians begin to bo hopeful. Hanlan has defeated Buboar in first heat of singlo champion »culling match. Lord Hampden, the Now riouth Wales Governor, loyally received at Sidney. Satisfactory report submitted at half yearly meeting of London Bank of Australia. Russian Embassy at Stamboul talks of peace in one breath and of war in the ndxt. ' Mr. Balfour. First 1 ord of Ibu Treasury, does not think compulsory adoption of the mollie system practicable. , Am 'Heirn and Canadian railway companies combining to roguiute freight and passage rates. ' Strong federation of employers against strikes in Ireland, Scotland, and North of England. ' The Queon expresses desire that all possi- ble provision snail ba made for sick soldiers in the Ashantee expedition. ' Secretary of Slate for the Colonies has, decided not to stop pieparatious for tho Ashantee expedition. [ New complication in Ashantee. British Resident ut Yamba shot, und his ofiiciul quarters burnt. Sheridan, who causad the dnath of Jessie^ Nicholls in his so-culled medical instituto at' Sydney, has been sentenced to be hanged. His accomplice, Seawall, still awaits sentence. Jubnz Balfour found guilty on the first charge brought against him in the Liberator frauds. His feliow-cinspirators also con- victed, with the exception of Debley. The. Times says the Ashantee King has Burposely delayed negotiations with tho ritish Government in order to take advan- tage of the rainy season, which will delay the advance of an attacking expedition. MR. E. 0. NOWELL in his carefully compiled and very useful Comparative Statistics of the United Kingdom and Foreign Countries, concludes with some remarks about mining which are worthy of the attention of all who are interested in the welfare of these colonies. The remarks are such as naturally arise when we consider the industrial possibilities of this colony, and especially of these colonies, but they come with increased force when taken as an appendix to a survey of the vast trade and industrial operations ' of the British Empire. Mr. NOWELL points out that there is at the present time an immense amount of money in the old country ready to be invested in industries of any kind that are likely to return a reasonable rate of interest, and he mentions mining as one of them which affords scope for enterprise far beyond any other. " Gold-mining," he says, "offers special inducements for the employment of surplus capital. This industry has been less disturbed by strikes thuu most others ; there is no limit to the profitable production ; the seller can j always count upon (retting the stand- i ard price at the mints ; the risks are | not greater than in many other under- . .takings, while the profits are much j larger; -the supply of material « Abundant;." AU this is not only true, but actually, we may say, trite. Everyone who knows anything about the mining industries knows that what is being done is but a mere fragment of what might be done, and the reason why so much remains undone is a want of capital. Now, seeing that there is in Great Britain at the present time, and likely to be for many years to come, an enormous mass of capital waiting investment, how come3 it that we find compara- tively so little applied to the develop- ment of the mineral riches of the colonies ? Mr. NOWBLL may be said to supply at least a portion of the answer, and it comes back to the fact that what is wanting is really con- fidence. He says:-"But operations would have to be conducted on an adequate scale, and in un economical manner, not for the benefit of a few favoured ' figure-heads ' and hangers on, but for that of the bona fide proprietors or shareholders." These words may be said to sum up the whole case. Unfortunately, this industry, which is one requiring the highest skill and the most care- ful management, is too often gone about in a reckless fashion, even when the stage is reached of actual work, whilst dozens of ventures are put upon the market which are never meant to reach that stage at all. Like the famous razors, they arc made to sell. We see this- in the extraordinary schemes from Western Australia which have been placed on the London and the Paris markets, to which must be added a whole host from South Africa. The Paris papers are full of jokes about the simple credulity of the investors in that city, whilst the details occasionally given of their experiences are enougli to astonish Australians who have seen a few of the local mining crazes. We do not know whether they have ever gone so far in Europe as speculators once went in Victoria, when they floated a company which never had a claim at all, though the shares were quoted daily in the official lists of stocks. When the com pnuy was wound up, as comrades used to be by the dozen in those duys, it occurred to the Judire of the Court of Mines to ask, "and whore is the claim situate ? " " Please, your Honor," said the legal- manager, who was in the witness-box, " there never was a claim." Nor is this a solitary instance. We have not seen a case quite equal to this either in London or Paris, but we have accounts of speculators who only wanted a bit of ground in Western Australia, and they were prepared to pot off a company at once in the Paris market, and vanish as soon as it was launched. Things like this, of course, belong to what we may call the romantic side of mining. We do not know, really, whether anybody is much to blame for putting such schemes upon the market, because there are a certain number of fools who have to be swiudled yeurly, and it is sure to be done" in one way or another. Such schemes do not, we believe, greatly damage mining prospects, because they are mere frauds such as are practised in most adventures. What is really the matter with mining as an investment is, that'thereis no security that the capital will be used economic- ally and wisely, and tho" utterly preposterous " grabs " that are made by promoters. No one would at all object to a man or a party having found or bought a promising claim receiving a substantial reward, but, the " grab," in many cases, goes beyoud all reasonable bounds. Take, for instance, a company of which we have heard something of late, in which out of £150,000 capital, £100,000 is to go to the promoters, and those who may help them to get off the.venture. What can investors, that is, reasonable men who mean to stand the result of honest adven- ture, think of such a proposal as this ? This is but one example amongst many ?that might be adduced, and it is such proposals as these which frighten the investors, who are quite prepared to tike any reasonable and fair risk. Besides this, there is always the doubt as to how money is spent in actual work, because there is seldom sufficient control, owing to the shareholders being far away from the scene of operations, and having to trust entirely to those whom they employ. s Looking at the splendid chances which mining, especially gold-mining, affords in these colonies, provided work is economically aud properly done, we may almost wonder that some sort of company has not been started to undertake the supervision | of mining adventures. A company vyhich would guarantee to superintend this businet.8, which it might do by | the employment of trained men, would relieve shareholders of a great,deal of auxiety and save them from many louses. For example, how much money has been wasted in this colony alone for want, of proper superintendence ' and skilled management ? The share- holders, fur the most part far away, have I seen their money go without possibility of control, until grown disheartened and disgusted they have wound upi the companies. We oould count them, not by ones or twos but by dozens, while the money thus absolutely thrown away would have, no doubt, developed riches which may now lie neglected for years. If the bewildered and befooled shareholders could have gone to a responsible company and said, undertake the management and supervision of this or that claim, they would have had a substantial guaranty that the best was being done, aud that they were only paying for really useful work. If they failed then, they would have had a fair run for their money, whereas in dozens of instances there was never any real start at all. And, let the British aud foreign investor know that in the colony there was a company prepared to do the work of supervision in the best manuer by means of trained and experienced men, a company which would guurautee at least reasonable work at reasonable rates, then money would flow in for en- terprises of whicli everybody is now afr.iid. The idea may seem far-fetched, but as companies have supplied so many other wants, why should not this patent one be supplied in the I same way ? I ONE of the facts brought out in the comparative statistics of the principal British pouewoas wdforeigncottutriea compiled by Mr. £. C. Rowell, is the 1 very large increase in the exports from Great Britain to Australasia during the last thirteen years. This is a fact which deserves some special attention, because it serves to show how valuable these colonies are to the Mother Country, and conversely, though somennrrow- minded protectionists muy not thinkso, how valuable the Mother Country is to these colonies. For, it is a fact, demonstrated by the figures, that the increase in the Austral- asian trade is far beyond that of any other colonial trade, even far beyond the increase in the Indian trade, which has been large. Tho im- ports into the United Kingdom from these colonies do not show anything like a corresponding increase, which we take to be due to the fact that the Mother-Country has been sendiug out a great deal_ of capital to be invested. Possibly, this may explain an increase such as does not appear in the case of Canada, although that country has niado considerable progress in the period. The proportion of the sea-borne trade in- respect to imports into the United Kingdom in 1870 was as fol- lows :-India, 14*50 ; Australasia, 1311 ; | Canada, ö"12. In 1893 the pro- i portion was-ludia, 23-60 ; Austral- ' asia, 13-16 ; Canada, 6-04, li, will be seen that there was hardly any increase in the period in the pro Sortion of imports into the United ingdom from these colonies as com- pared with the whole trade, whilst India appears to. have sent a steadily increasing quantity. But when _ wo come to the exports from the United Kingdom, we find that the proportion sent to these colonies shows a large in- crease as compared with the whole volume of the export trade. In 1879 the proportions were as follow : Itidia, 2V83 : Australasia, 16-59 ; Canada,648. In 1803 the relative pro fortions are changed, and we have, ndia, 3091 ; Australasia, 3372 ; Canada, 020. The increases in the period were, therefore, as follow : India, 12-08 ; Australasia, 17*13 ; Canada, 278. IT is somewhat curious and decidedly instructive to note what happens so often to popular idols, whose lightest word was at one time regarded as almost the utterance of an oracle. We suppose that there is no man, in recent days at least, who has snuffed up so much incense as Mr. Gladstone, or ever wielded sucli marvellous power. Of course, a great deal of his power was due to the folly of those who followed without thinking, whilst mach may have been, probably was, the result of the simulated belief of those who saw that he was helping their cause. The whole business of yield- ing to the dictation of one _ man, however wise and good, without due thought is always bad, for it argues a want of independence, and is always a sign of the prepunderance of partj influence over calm and inde- pendent judgment. The proof of this is found in the way in which Mr. Gladstone is now treated by some who used to be most subservient to his lightest word, when it was thought that he might make or mar the success of a cause. For example, ho' has told the teetotal party that he is unable to solve the great question of how to deal with the drink traffic, add he has told thom this in some fine phrases which are said to show that he is as clever as ever at leaving a road | to escape from any conclusion. To our mind, he seems ' in regard to this matter to haye been much more explicit than he is usually, but he ' is unable to please the teetotallers, who will tolerate no doubts in the matter of putting down "the cutsed drink trade," as they are fond of calling it. Then, again, he is in trouble with the bimetalliats. Ho has ventured to call bimetallism a temporary craze, which has caused the journal devoted to the exposition of its wonders to tell him that he knows nothing about it. This may be the case, though his argu- ment struck us as being amongst the most cogent that he has stated, but it is only of late that any one would have ventured to have made so direct an im- putation. But, this is what happens generally when, a popular idol dares to say unpopular things, especially-after he has retired from public life. THE plan recently adopted by the New South Wales llailwiy authorities whereby parcels of farm produce may be sent from any station to any station at a uniform charge is said to be work- ing very well, and proves of great ad- vantage to farmers, who ( are finding many willing customers for weekly consignments. A bug of potatoes or a package of similar weight is carried. tor instance, 200 miles for Is. Od., and an extra 6d. ensures delivery at the house of the purchaser to , the very manifest advantage of both parties, the services of the middleman and the slice of profit tailing to bib share, under previous arrangements, being dispensed with. In this liberal reform the New South Wales Go- vernment appears to ' have anti- cipated proposals for similar action now being discussed in England. In some correspondence . appearing in < ht Times on the subject, one writer advances the following argument in support of the necessity of cheap rail- way rates for farming produce : -"The postal limit for parcels is lllb. That is the evil. I see,no leasou why the limit might not be raised to one of a hundred- weight. With a night service for the express purpose ot conveying agriouU tural produce and an absorption of, or arrangement with, the great carrier j companies, surely this would not be im- possible ? From all parts of the count ry conies the same complaint. The trees aie bowing down witli truit that cannot be utilised, and vegetables of all- kinds in the greatest su pei abundance are bimply decaying for want of cheap and reason- able carriage rates. All is going to ruin because of the univeisal complaint that railway rates are ruinous and crushing. No class suffers so much from all this shocking waste as the poor -for whom especially good fruit and vegetables are so necessary-and if we are to be told that there is no remedy for the present state of things, we are, indeed, in a sorry plight. But experi- ence teaches us that what one age regards as impossible the next adopts without the slightest difficulty. Penny postage was ot one time deemed an absurdity. It needs no defence now, and I should not be surprised if, in the course of a few years, a sack of pnta .toes or a hundredweight of fruit < was' delivered anywhere between John o'Groat'8 and Land's End for the natty sum of sixpence. But where is the genius who, amidst seeming impossi ilities, will reduce the suggestion tt» a practical scheme ?" There is really no, valid reason why the system initiated in New South Wales should not be adopted throughout all the colonies, including even Tasmania. We have here only two obstacles in the way-the vested interests and covert opposition of the middlemen, and the extreme re- luctance of the railway authorities to adopt any proposal coming from an outside source. A TKMFonABY «Aul,.-The etookaclu erected un Mount Wtllmgiou, near the t-'priags, for tho us« of tho prieunuis . n i.agud on road work there, b IB hetn pro- claimed a gaol, tin« being uuumdered ni-ocs* sary in o der lha- uny pruouer clfVo ing »r «tt uiptibg -o effcut his escupo ironi the Htuskade, may he brought under theprl.oo regulation*. 'Iho prison nmg commence ivoik on the road to the ¡Sprint.'« on Monday. They will lio brought back to "town at o»ch week end AüSTHAI.IAN MuTOAL I'Ho'viDBST SoOIETr.1 -Weare informed t bit the uiiuoipil Ikurd o( thin Souiolv has appoint«!! the Hun, N. E. Lewii, M.H.A., M » local director in tha uUoe of Mr. j tioniM Lewii, whotmretired worn the local boud. \' .¿¡¿* VICÏ-RKOAL, - Arrangements are being mad« to entertain the Governor' and the members of the Ministry during a. tour to bu made by them on the North-West Coast next week, and residents are exerting them- selves to condnot the matter to a successful issue. The vice-regal party will go North on Tuesday, reaching Devonport that even- ing. They will go on to Ulverstone next day, and travel on from Ulvarctnna ou tho Wednesday evening to Penguin, and on Thursday will visit Burnie, where they will be entertained to luuoh, returning to the Penguin on Thursday evening. Ou Friday night ihu party will again rest ad Devon- port, returning to Hobart on Saturday morning. 1 mc Cor/Non or AORICULTOHU - On tho 1st práx. the Premier takos charge of tho Council of Agriculture Department i No ohange in the staff of this or the Stock De- partment will be made before tho ond of the year, but the Government will consider in the meantimo what steps they will take. STATE SCHOOL »OB GORMANSTON.-The Premier, as Minister of Education, has re- ceived an application from the residents of Gormanston that a Statu eohool should be established there, Tho numlier of children in the township of sohool age is pivon ns .10. '1 ha Premier has referred tim mutter to the officers of the department for a report, and also to ascertain whether tho people of Gormanston will próvido Behool accommoda- tion if the Education Department tiud the teaohing staff. _ _ ' TUB ricino CAULK.-The Premier nus received th« following cable from the Premior of Now South Wales (Hou. G. H. Reid) under dato 20th iust.:-" Have to day rrceivod the following cable from Agent Goueral :-' High-Commissioner for Canada and Agents-General for the Aus- tralasian colonies, except South Australia and West Australia, had an interview with the teeret try of State for the Colonies to-day relating to Pacific cabio. Chamber- lain agreed to appoint u Commissioner as requested by coloqies. Great Brit »io, Canada, aud Ai»ti allan colonies each to uomiuate two Cjmiuisslooers, that is to *»y six in nil. Repeat this j lint telegram to other colonial Governments, including New Zealaud, and communicate here names of colonies' nominees. Prompt action de- sirable. Terms of refoienco, whioh will be forwarded you ¡to-morrow, will include full inquiry into all details.' " CATTLE DISKASE.-Thn Premior is issuing a circular to the »tuokowncr» of the colony, reuommending what steps should bo taktn in the event of an outbreak of diseuse amongst their cattle, A request is mado that ihe slockowners should adopt the remedies recommended by Dr. Willmot, tho Govern- ment hon. veteriuary surgeon, and that they should bo particularly ctrcful to burn th i bodiei of dead animals on the ground where they Ile, so as to prevent infeation. ROAD TRUSTS rou WEST COAST.-The Minister of Linds is endeavouring to arrange for the looal control aud mainten- ance, by means of Road Trusts, of roads iu the vicinity of Zeehan and Dundas. A QUEENSTOWN ROAD MATTKB.- The Queenstown Progress Committee having approved of the route recommended hy tho inspector for the road between the Mount Lyell-road aud Queenstown, Instructions have boen forwarded by the department for the work to be immediately carried out, The cost is estimated at about £360, which is ia addition to an expenditure of £100 being arranged for the formation of streets at Queenstown. This money is provided pirtly from the funds available under the Crown Lands Aot and partly from tho special provision made last session hy Parliament for West Coast works. PACK TRACK TO MOUNT REID.-It having boen reported that this track is in places almost impassible, tho Minioter of Lanas has given iustructiooa for the expenditure of a sum of money to put in in repair. WKST COAST MATTERS.- Mr. D. C. Urquhart, M.U.A., iutorviowed thn Trea- surer (Hon. P. O. Fysh) yesterday with ro apcot to providing a telegraph office at Queenstown for the convenience <>f the resi- dents, who at present are compelled to go to Gormanston for their telegrams. Ho also presented a petition for a triweekly mail service to Gormanston, and for arrange- ments to bo made whereby the telegruph office there could be kept open a little later than at present. He further presented a petition from people of Zeehan and the Hosobery distrlot, largely signed, and praying for a weekly mail service to King River, and on to the Roiebery district, where there is a rapidly increasing population, already num- bering 200 people. Mr. Urquhart also pointed out to the Treasurer that the income tax notices sent out to.residents of the West Coast all spoke of appeal to the Supremo Court, whioh had misled the peoplo, who, rather than appeal, had paid the tax. He showed that it waa oompotcut for a magis- trate to hear objections. He also pointed out that appellants ugainst tho land tax assessment, rosiding at Zeehan and other neighbouring localities, had to go to Strahan co get their casca tried, which in mauy in BtanoeB WSB a groat hardship to them. The Treasurer listened carefully to all tho mattera laid before him, and promised to mako atriot inquiries and BOB what could be done as to the postal and telegraphic arrangements, Tho income tax demauda should bo amended in the manner suggested, uud tho matter oí appellants going to Strahan should ho rectified. ROYAL SOOIETV OK TASMANIA.-The even- ing meelina of the Boyal Society-the last of tho session of 1895-will tako i>laoo on Tuosduy, tho 26th ¡nat. Among tho papers to bo road is one by Mr. J. B. Wulker, entitled "Tho life and Voyages of Abol June. TaBmau." This paper should prove of moro thau ordinary interest, us it will contain some valuublo aud interesting in- formation, Mr. Walker having been enabled to obtain from the Royal archives at the Hague extracts from the original manuscript of T«amun's journal, also sketches of the ships and mups, Over 100 Blldos will be Ueed to illustrato tho paper. The subject, is ono to which Mr. Walker has devoted a largo amount of time and resoaroh, and the lesult should be a valuable addition to the historioal and geographical Knowledge of Tasman'« discovering of 1612. The other twn papors by Mesáis. Rodway und Wey- mouth, dealing with further additions to the botany of Tasmania, will conolude the evening meciiDg. Arr«ng"ments have boen mado trith Mr. Nut, Oldham to manipúlalo tho lantern in oonneotioa with the slides. MAVOU'S COURT.-Thero was no business at this Court yesterday, Cirr POLICE CODKT.- Before Mr, Chas. Harbottlc, J.P., yesterday, Arthur Black- more, charged with stealing au india-rubber garden hose, the property of Mr. Justice Dodds, waa remanded uutil the 26th ¡nut. James Woods, for being druuk and dis- orderly in Argyle-btreet, was fined 5J., or iu default 48 hours. THE Puions OP GAS.-Acoor.liiig toan English p.iper the good people of Glatgnw have lately been much oxeroisod over the price of gis, and during the controversy the following1'figures cama out:-In Shelfield gas is 2s. 14<1\. por 1,000ft., and coal 89. 61. per ton ; iu Glasgow tho price is 2<. tkl. per 1,000ft., and coal 9s 9d. per ton, whi at, in Liverpool the citizena are ahaiged 3 j. per 1,000ft., and coal is 20.3, 7d. per ton. Fins ON OLD WHABV.-Tho fireboll rang out about 2 p.m. yesterday, indicating a fire in the direction of the old wharf. On arrival of the brigade Superintendent Maher discovered that a fire bad broken out in a bedroom over Winch's stores, but that it had been extinguished by a carter named Lake, assisted by other mou workiug iu the neighbourhood. A ohild playing with matches had set fire to the bedding in a cot, bul the damage was uot very extensive. SEVENTH DAY ADVENTIST».-At the end of the current month the Seventh Day Adventist!, of whom theie are many in Tas- mania, intend holding a camp meeting or "Ohautaqua;Assembly," at New Town, to extend over several, days. A oonveuieut camping plaoo has been selected, and the arrangements will be under eareful inprr vision» Last year a similar camp meeting was bsld at Ashfield, nsar Sydney, ou a very eomplste scale. There were dining tents, meeting-tints, and tenta of all sorts. The Adventist«, however .they stand con corning dogma, are exoellent hosts. Every possible touffort that could be devised for the visitors to the Ashfield meetings was accorded. Attendanta.wcre even provided to take care of visitors' horses and equipages' Courtesy ia always a good thing. '1 he at- iéndanos at the meetings will probably be very large. ' HOBABT TEACUEB»' GUILD.-The annual »nesting of this Gul'd »ill be held in the Committee-room, Town-hall, on Pridav, 29;h iust., 7.S0 p.m. At 8 p.m Mr. A. J. Taylor roads a paper on " Phrenology an a Guide In Education," with lantern slides and diagrams, aud Mr. G. Eddington Clarke, B.A., a paper on " Religious In- struction iu Day Schools," Visitors are invited." GLENORCHY ELECTORATE. - By advertise, ment Mr. John UainiUou, M.Ú.A., invites the electors of Glenoichy to attend to- night at the Tcm;.Iais' hall, New Town, to fill up olainiBto vote at tho next election. UNCLAIMED TKLKOUAH.-A message ad- dressed «-Mis« Ktunell. card of Mis. Shirley, 12, Park-street, awai s a cUimaut at ibu Telegraph Office. .:. IXL Jaiu-tlM Bsatla UM world. I BtMKVOLKNT SOCHTT. - The ordinary 1 weekly meeting ef the Executive Committee | of the Benevolent Society was hold venter. 'day afternoon, itetcot :-Roi. J. W. I Simmons (in the chnir), Ko v. W. Boot, i Messrs. Kerr, Mather, Seabrook, und Crouch. The report fllioivcd that during the week ¡138 faniillog had been relieveil, including 2U3 men, 310 women, and G37 children, or a total of 1,200. The treanuur reported the receipt of a legacy of £100 from the estate of the lata Mr. Janice A. S iii« r. It waa resolved that the timuka of lim committee hu «ent to the trustees of thu n«tate. A letter was received from tim Minister of Lands, statins that the iro thod pursued with rulereuco to the wageH of men employed nn relief works was the same us that obtaining in Launceston. Donations were acknowledged-Mr. 1'ropatiug, meat ; Mr. C. JJ. Haywood, buns ; "AFriend," old o otho». Wool. ScooitiNO. - Messrs, Johns'one Krön-& Co, of Gort-street, announce that they are prepared to scour wool fur shipment to London. It is satisfactory to notice that this local industry is bouomiug firmly established. Last year tho linn scoured 300 b iles w it h perfect satisfaction to the growers, and this year the quantity will, in oil pro- bability, bo largely increased. lu taot.thead viutngt-s of »und mu oban wool to tho Loudon market are so many and so manifest, that in a comparatively abort time very little greasy wool is likely to bo shipped from Hobart. A saving of 60 to 60 per ceut. on freights, and the price of the «tapio doubled (or more) ia London, aro no light considera- tions. YACHTING. -The following entries were rco-ived yesterday by Mr. W. Orubb, seo lutary to the D.S.Ú., fur the club tronhy.npen to yachts up to 2jft. on watcrline, to be sailed lo-morrow:-Mabel, A. A. Wilsou ; Hebe, B. B. Bex ; Zephyr, V. R. Tiuniug ; Imp, L. K. R-x; Nórdica, O. H. Hedlj.rg; fairlie, I1', li. Ulai ko. The race, which is to be a hiiudluipoue, is being g'v<V wi ''.,l view to induuiug incroased public interest iu the club's fixtures. TRINITY STATIS SCHOOL ENTKRTAINUIÍNT. A concert was given by children attending thn'lriuity-hill ¡sute school, in aid of thtlr prize furn), in the Trinity Sunday-school last evening. 1 ho prugraiiiiiio, which comprised sings, recitatioua, ohmuH-s, instrumental so tg,)ind gyii>nisiio exorcises, was prrformed in the preniiicu of a largo audience of parouts and friends of tho tubular*. Mr. A. 0. XIKUTHOII conducted and led the youngsters through successfully. FLORAL CONCHUT. - The scholars of tbe Melville-street Wesley«n Sunday-school very ! handsomely decorated the Meoliaulco'hall for u floral entertainment which WHO held last evening, and at which theru was a largo attendance. An excellent programme was provided, Mi'ses Young and Snowden [ hiving opened with a pianoforte duet (" Matche des Tambours," by Sydney Smith), Miss Sylvia Mil a and Mr. W. P. lirownell very well rendered the duet " I would that the love" (Ucndolssobn), Mr A. J. Mills accompanying, and were re- called. Miss Mills àlsj sang (by request) "In a gondula" (Oordigiani) very sweetly, and was entbusiaatictlly re-culled. Miss lihld Osborne was beard to great udvantugu in "Tho flight of ages" (Bevan), and was i »cored. Miss Dora Porkies gavti agood inter- pretation of ''for ull eternity (Mupoheroni) with violin obblisato by Mr. Dillon, and accompanied by Mr. Mills. An encore was inevitable, and the lady gave " Leavo me not, dear heart." Miss lirownell sweotly suny "The promise of lifo" (L'owon) Mr. Mcnamara gave "The vulture" and "Out on the deep," whilst Mr. A. Spencer Brownell " brought dowu tho house " very unmistakably upon his uingiug "The Bedouin love song," and an eucore being insisted upon, added " A sentinel uni I " lu conjunction with bia brother, Mr. W. F. Brownell, tho duet, "Bluw, yu fresh'oiog breezes, blow," was oplondidly interpreted, Mr. Milla accompanying Mr. O. 0. Mere- dith contributed '' Nevor again," Mr. Mervyn Henry " My queen," and Mr. Whittington, who is really a proficient player, a flute solo. An orohuatro, under the leadership of Mr. W. H. Wallaoa, gave an oxcellout account of tliemiolve», and were encored. Miss Susmsn recited in her usual artistic mauner, "The old clock oa the stairs," by Longfellow, and was rooalloi ; also "Smiting tue rock," and ia response to vociferous demands for more, added "Tho Hindoo's paradise." The entertainment was frrmall points of view a successful one, and Mr. W* F. Brownell at tho close thanked all who had contributed to the Sdmc in suitable t rm>. THK CUBBBNT THAT KILLS.-Many people j have as genuine a terror of electricity as their ancestors had of ghos's and ohurohyards at midnight. This ia quite foolish. As in the case of ghosts, it is ignorauou u-hiuh frightens, but kuowledgo which reassures. Dr. J. ii. Verity, iu his " Eleolricity up to Date," tells us that though " some fatal results havo happened, electricity docs not kill wholesale, as dues dynamite, gunpowder, or coal-gal explosions ; nor is tho list of fatal auiilents to be compared with deaths dun to exploding or overturned oil lampe," It is well lo remember that the ability to bear electric currents varies in different individuals. Moreover, that eleolricity will ceitainly kill if contact be good and pres- sure sufficient, need cot be denied. Indeed, it will kill very promptly and certainly ; so muob BO that Dr. Verity thinks oipital punishment by electrocution is much the most speedy and painless of all tho methods of killing known to BCICDCO. On this point hu reminds us that, since eleolricity travels much quicker than sonsory nerve currents, til" bruin is rapidly rendered iaseusitive and the Bubject thereforo becomes quite un- conscious long before the sonsory nerves cm communitiitu the Impression of pain." "The ourrout that kills " is, howevor, as perfectly under tho oonlrol of thoso who have but n little real knowledge SB is the gas burner or even the composite candle.-The Hospital. LARGE OK SHALT, FAMILIKS -That the qucetiou whether a largo or a small family is desirable has long passod beyond the stage of more speculation is amply proved by oertain statistics recently collected by M. do Moville, and quoted by Mr. Banj'.miu Kidd in his " Social Evolution " According to thoso statistics tno birth-ruto in most j Europoan countries has, in twenty years, I fallen in u very remarkable degree At the beginning of the period in question tho birth- rate iu Prussia was 39'1 per 1,000 of the population, ut the end it was 36-3 ; ia äwuzorlaud tho rate was 35'5 at the beginning, and 32 5 at thu end ; in England the period opened with a birth-rate of :io'5, and closed with one of 33'7 ; in äeutlanii und Ireland the rato was 24-9 at th« commencement, and 23 C at tho close dimi'ar falls have been noted in all other Hurnpeun countries, with the exception of AutitrU and Hungary. .It is not difficult to explain why this condition of thiugs should ,huvo como about. But the question for consideration is rather tho " whither " than the " wherefore." Whither does this teu doney t . the avoidanco of murringo und of largu families load ? It leads, necessarily, to a relative lowering of population ; uud tint may be an advantage. But ia Franoa it is said to load in another direction, willoh is not only not advantageous, but ii dis- astrous. In thut country the averago family consists of not more than one or two children. Oue consequence of this is an excessive tenderness on the part of parents, and porpetuul fears of misfortune happening to their offspring. The latter are excessively indulged ia childhood, and so guarded and protected against every possibility of harm, that the male children tend to lore all bold- ness, and grew up almost entirely destitute of enterprise and power of endurance. No robust-minded person can fail to see that here is an evil of a fatal eharaoter. If che children of a oountry are in detail without pluck or enterprise, it is certaia that the whole adult nation will soon be iu the same condition. This is an object lesson which English men and women will do weil to lay to heart.. If our excessive dread of email means for ourselves and our offspring tends directly to the ruin of the nation's boldness and cnteru ise, the outlook may well give ua piiisr.-Hospital. AN AOTBKHS'S GOOD FORTDNC - Made- moiselle Yvette Quilbert, tbe famous prima donna of the music-halls, bas (tbeDatly JVeitu tells us) been iutervieaed on the subject of the rumour of her intended marriage with a Stock Exchange notability. She had had, ?be »aid, quite a number of telegrams and letters from enterprising journalists asking aa to the truth of the story, but she was deter- mined to reveal nothing. Mdle. Uuilbert added :-"I have often beeu told that I belong to the public, but it. really seems that in this eise curiosity* has been carried rather loo far, More- over, I do not know myself whether I shall get married, and if 1 did I nhould not be obliged to tell people. It is true that for two yours past 1 have beeu on very good t-rui with Mr.-, »ho is not HU old man, but a young man nf rive-aini-tliiriy, Thanks to bis novice, [ have gained £6 000 iu gold mia« spfoulution, but 1 luvu £40 UCO of my own which I I ave earned by my own work, and »t ure»t>nt 1 »ni still eirntug £2S a night. On Nnvetnbrr 25 I em nark tor Ameiioa, but, as I have decided ti enjoy the fortune I have ina le, I ahull re til o in two years'lime, and live i.s I please, III ¡.bould then oh: ose t i.inariy ha» auyeue a rightcoabj^tf ' i IXL Jim. IXL Jam. IXL Ja» 