Boating Bits by Bosun Last Saturday was hardly a pleasant day for aquatics, as what there was of wind had a very keen edge in it for the time of year, while a fine drifting rain added its quota to the general unpleasantness which prevailed. The 18ft Championship of the John- stone's Bay Club proved the chief attrac- tion of the afternoon, and as all the cracks were competing, it naturally followed that the club steamer was exceedingly well patronised. With Inez, Ariel, Ruby, Olinda, Yvonne, Cygnet, and Norma out against each other there was bound to be a good contest, but the light southerly wind, which gave the boats a lead all round the course, prevented the race from being a very conclusive test as to the relative merits of the boats. Mr. W. H. Golding must take a con- siderable pride in the victory of Yvonne, as he designed, built, and sailed her himself; more especially, too, as, owing to the pre- vious want of success on the part of the green triangle, she had been the butt of a good many scoffing remarks. As by the win £21 was netted towards exs. for the Brisbane trip tho old adage, "He, who laughs last, laughs longer," may be said to fairly fit the case. The Lane Cove Sailing Club sailed off two races very successfully, and on the club steamer (which, by the way, was most un comfortably crowded) much enthusiasm — not to spoak of tea and cakes — prevailed. The fixture was such 3. pleasant one that on the next occasion a much bigger steamer will bo required. As it was, Mr. C. H. Wood; ably seconded by several fair lieutonants, did his best to make evoryone happy and a little less thirsty. The racing, taking into consideration tho odd assortment of boats competing, was interesting, and the handicappers ap peared to have accurately gauged the capabilities of the boats. No doubt the skipper of Dorothy considered that his boat had been too leniently treated, and therefore started some 6mm late. This proved very thoughtful of him, as by so doing what must liavo been a very one sided finish was turnod into a battle which roused to fover heat the respective parti sans on tho Atalanta. Buttercup, Miranda, and Dorothy had a great sot-to going into tho river on the way to tho finish, and any one of them looked likely to win. They finished in tho order named, tho winner having been favored by an outside position, whero there was a trifle more wind. Warringah headed tlie yuelits down to Garden Island, when ' the little Astrcea slipped past Mr. Carmichael's cruiser, and, steadily drawing away, won very com fortably from the 6-tonner. Camma did fairly well, but Norna and Athosna were nevor in it. The owner of tho yawl was away in Melbourne, and she was short- handed, but the wind came too faint and patchy to give her the ghost of a show. The prizes won at the Johnstone's Bay Championship were linnded over on Tues day at the Pacific Hotel, Balmain. The test raco for the 22-footers will be sailed on the 7th prox., when the winner will, iu addition to the first prize, receive £15 to wards the Brisbane trip. Messrs. A. Pontey nnd W. E. Booth are up for the position of hon. treasurer of tho J.B.S.C., while Messrs. J. Fitzsimons, P. Johnston and W. Elliott are running for the secretaryship. Ballot noxt Tuesday. The Plying Squadron will go through with their 18-ft Championship this after noon. Only four boats boats are entered, .these being Yvonno (W. H. Golding), Cygnet (T. Colebrook, sen.), Ariel (G. Holmes), Olinda (J. Sommervillo). On last \- Saturday's Bhowing they ought to finish in that order, but I should not be surprised 'to see Ariel change places with the cham pion. Tho Sydney Amateurs will hold a general meeting of members at Aaron's Exchange Hotel on Tuesday next, at 8 p.m., the chief business being tho presentation of prizes and the ballot for members. Tho yawl raco of tho Prince Alfred Yacht Club, which was to have been sailed this .afternoon, has fallen through, The club ,will instead sail off the Goneral Handiwp, which was postponed from last Saturday, over the Manly course. The probable starters will bo Mabel, Viva Brandon, Bronzewing III., Lab loo, and Norna, and tho first-named shonld about win it, although tho 1-rater is bound to do well. The Sydney Amateurs have two races on this aftornoon. Ono is a general handicap, limited sails and crews, handicaps at tho start, over tho Lightship course. Entrios for this includo : — Bronzewing, 25ft (H. M. Cockshott); Guinevere, 22tt (A. W. Crane); Vacuna, 22ft (IV. Summerbell); Buttercup, 22fb (II. Carpenter) ; Vfirnnn, 22fb (W. M. Paul) ; Helena, 20fb (H. L. Cronin) ; Itonia, 20ft (P. Sandon) ; Inez, 18ft (P. Doran). Places will probably go to Bronzewing, Varuna and Inez in that order. Tho club will also sail off a 1-rating and under race over tho Pilo-light course, Y.R. A. allowances. Tho entries are Sita (G. Cannis), Cariad (J. Georgo), Taipo (W. L. Hunt), Netta (E. IV. Hey wood), Buttercup (W. M. Marks), Brownie (J. O. Fairfax). This will probably mean another victory to Taipo. Tho club have unfortunately been unable to procure a suitablo steamer to follow tho races. The Sydney Canoe Club ro-sail their race from Eight-hour Day this afternoon. It looks odds on another winning flag to M'Naughton. 