A CAPTURJE :IBY'THEI a.. POLICE. Br Lirisx ?Ua r in )et~i :Frec4Pres?! Billy Sims was enjoying that period of rest and peace which'comes to ainan when his wife and ,kinily' go to the seaside and leave him in posseesion of the house. Then a rperaon can 'stay'_ out aslate as helikes ;- he miay'smoke in an ryooi in the hoise ;'piay even go to bedwith his boots dn if it so pleases him. ' Billy had expected to atay,at the sea for a couple of weeks, but a telegram had recalled him'to town after :being a day or two away, and he came joy fully back, for the sea bored him and there was nothing lively going on at the resort his family had chosen.. Be fore he -left town Billy had, told the police of his suburb that the house would be closed for a fortiight and he asked them to keep their eye on the premises. Billy's faith in the force was somewhat shaken when he un expectedly returned, found he had left his latchkey at Marine-villa, and was thus compelled to climb in at a window alittle aftermidnight, yetno notice was taken of him. He got outin the same way next' morning and telegraphed for his keys. He roamed all over the house with a lighted candle at various periods of the night, but the guardiashis of the peace never. disturbed him, and Billy made up his mind that the next time he went away he would take out:' :a burglars insurance and not trouble the 'guardianus whoguarded so card lessly. On Saturday afternoon Billy, having a day off, took a day on, as it'were, and went for a long .spin. through the country on-his bicycle. He had dinner, at a wayside inn and got home ,late and tired. Prtting his machine in its shed he entered the house, poured out for himself a glass of cooling stimulants, and rested' his weary body in his most com fortable armchair sipping his gratify ing mixture in accordance with the directions on the bottle. The house was very quiet and soon Billy dropped off to sleep. ,He woke up suddenly and-found everything still very quiet and very dark as well, yet he had the feeling within him that he had been awakened- by a noise. He listened intently, sitting stillin the comfortable chair, and presently the 'chandelier above his head gave a little rattle as it was in the habit' of doing when some one was walking in the room overhead. Billy did not believe in ghosts,' for he was a newspaper man and could hardly be said to believe in anything; Again the chandelier jingled, yet there was no noise of a footstep overhead andgit dawned upon Billy's scarcely awakened faculties that whoever was above him' was going around in his stocking feet trying to be as silent as possible. Billy regretted that he did not own such a thing as a revolver, for he felt con vinced that at last burglars were in the house. He vaguely saw himself writing an account of the incident headed, ' Desperate Encountcr With a Burglar-Heroic Conduct of a Subur ban Householder.' Fired by the thought, and in spite of the distinct creeping of his scalp which we exaggerate into terming the sensation of the hair standing on end, Billy grasped the poker that lay. in the fender by his chair, and cautiously crept out into the hall, making his way like a cat up the stair, feverently hoping that no step would creak. At the landing above Billy peered into the bedroom from which the light issued and was appalled to see not one burglar but three. This exceeded Billy's most ardent expectations. He had been prepared for a desperate encounter with one, especially if he could have crept in on him and landed him one on the nob with the poker before the burglar was aware that there was any body else in the house, but a fight with three was too much of a good thing. One of them would be certain to have a pistol which would make things even more interesting. Glad as he would be to have an exclusive item for his paper, he.had no desire to have some one else write it up, and head it "Dastardly Murder of a Reporter in Lunelyville.' There are some sacrifices that a man does not care to make, even ftr his paper. 'Moderation in all things was Billy's motto. The burglars had evidently come to the conclusion that there was no one in the house, for no guard .was set. They moved about quietly but that merely; came from long practice in ans arduous profession where there-was much night work and little' thanks from a callous public. 'Billy did riot pause to think- that these men had no Saturday night off, and that they were most industrious while other people were sound asleep. We generally think that ourgown particular.occupation hbs the most drawbacks, giving little heed to the discomforts ofothers. One man was holding:a bag open anRod the other t'o -were creeping shabout filling the receptacle with varioususeful artisles prized by connoisenrs 'andi sollectors. - 'I think we've got as much as we can carry,' whispered the man- who was holding the bag. This remark caused Billy to reflect that if he was going to do anything in the matter it was time to set about it. So he emulated the conduct of the celebrated duke of York, who marched his men up the hill and straightway marched them down again. Billy crept down the stair with the unused poker still in his fist. He realized that if he went to the police station, which was some distance distance away, the burglars would be gone before help game. Then the brilliant idea oc.urred to him that he might follow the thieves s'ently on his bicycle, mark their lair, come with an ample police force at hli back and capture the whole outfit, thus earning ths eternal gratitude of the entire neighborhood. lben theitem would be headed ' Clever Capture of a Band of Burglars-- The Silent Cycle Follos Them to Their Rendezvous. Eilly quietly got his machine out from it shted; noiselessly unlatched the bock cite, closed it again as silently as hIe had opened it, and waited in the shadow of a tree across the way. In a very few moments the burglars came out, each carrying a hag. They pecred up. and down the deserted street and then slipped out walking rapidly away tocether. Billy had no dificulty in following them. His only trouble was the street'lamps, which he avoided as well as hie .ould by keeping orn the opposite side of the road lorom them. He hoped he would meet a policeaian so that he tuight give the alarm, and his wish was gratified. The officer stepp?ed unexpectedly out froth beside a tree and he,grasped Billy, by the arm . , What are.you.cycliug._out at this time of the night without your lamp lit.' ,. '? -, 'My lamp lit, you.fool,' gasped Billy, taken by. surprise and. therefore not having time to choose his language with the care a man: should use when 'ad dressing so important a personage as a 'policeman.' " How' the----could " I ch~ie burglars?'with a lit lamp 1 '-That's , all very fnlue,' said'i. the officer:;."I've heard that kind of a story before. A; man dosen't 'get up and dress himself in a full bicycling suit to chase burglars at 2'in the morning.' ' But I slept in my bicyclin??'suit, you ass,' protested Billy, feeling, as-he said it, that it sounded rather thin and unbelieveable inr the morning air. 'I'll report the language you are using to the magistrate,' said the police moan. calmly, knowing the whole machinery of the law was with him. ' My house has been burglarized,' cried Billy. The three' thieves passed you with their swag and If don't sup pose you ever saw themn.' Precious lot of good you idiots are, not only letting the rascals slip, but arresting and stopping' 'man 'who i: robbed and who is trying to do the work you' are paid for doing.' 'Come and tell all this' to the 'officer on& duty' at the station:' You're bicycling without a lamp at, and that's allyI have to deal with, and I'm going to deal with it.' Billy broke into language that wad both deploiible inh d indefensible, but 'the policeman'merely noted it down and took 'the unfortunate "'man to the station. Billy speedily convinced the night man at the police station that a mistake had been made,' and two'of the force were sent to investigate. They reported that the house had been burglarized with neatness and dispatch, but the burgling birds had flown. The magistrate told Billy next morn ing that if he had been more moderate in his talk this miscarriage *of justice might not have happened. He should not use such language, the magistrate said, and when Billy asked what else he could have used, seeing that he had no club with him, the magistrate remarked that he would fine him for contempt of court if he tried his flippancy on the bench. So theitem appeared as 'Burglary at Lonelyvillr,' and' another "paragraph stated that Billy Sims, a well-known journalist, had been fined for riding about the streets at 2 in the morning on a bicycle with an unlit lamp and that' Billy" was supposed to have been ia toxicated at the time, whereasthe truth was that the magistrate let Billy off with the reprimand aforementioned. As the police have not yet succeeded in capturing the thieves, although they are always coming on a new and gratifying'clue, Billy thinks this is a hard world. 