HOW FIRST PUBLISHED. ALL QUEENSLAND RIGHTS RESERVED. —4-H ; 1 HUSH MONEY! I : ^ I Powerful Dramatic Story by JEAN MIDDLEMASS, Aorxox of "Two FiiSE Mora," "The Mysiert of Clexest Duxeiteh," . "A Qol is JlThoosasd," "Sejlled -wren a Kiss," "Br Fjje Mjuhs," fcc., &o.; CHAPTER XIX.—(CWiiiufrf.) OMEWHAT unjustly perhaps—! especially considering1 how just a ; man Julian Wallis was—he ascribed i this making of acquaintance with Alan to Bolderson himself, especi ally since he hod heard how inti mate the families at the Willow Marsh and Hazel Court had become. Looking on the outward face of affairs, he seemed justified in his suspicions, and surely, to one so deeply injured, arriving at a rash conclusion without a careful weighing of cir cumstances, may be forgiven. Stephen Bolderson having nerved himself to this interview, every anticipated detail of which he had dwelt on during a weary nightof travel, was perhaps the more composed of the two, when they were at last face to face. *' Julian." he said, iu a choked, husky voice, calling his old friend almost intuitively by the name by which he had always addressed him in the days of their happy intimacy. Mr. "Wallis did not make any reply; he seemed powerless to command words. He only shrank away a little farther, rolling the well castored armchair on which he sat a few inches back from the table. He scarcely knew that he was doing this; it was instinct that seemed to prompt the unconscious net. Stephen Bolderson, who did not fail to notice the movement, sighed. He had anticipated being unceremoniously ejected, and had re solved to brave it, but this shrinking back from him as though he were a hideous and loathsome ' object was more than his human nature could endure, and for a moment he felt inclined to go away and hide himself in some hole or corner, whence he would ne ver crawl again to obtrude on any good man's life. Then the thought of Ursula, his child—how rigorously he considered she was being punished on his account—rose above every other sentiment, and ere long with it, side by . side, reigned the recollection of his own wrongs. * How, during all these years had he been znade to suffer severely, until the debt in hard cash alone had been repaid ten times over. These wrongs seethed and boiled and over flowed in the presence of the mau who had, he thought, so deeply injured him, until he forgot Jiow much he himself had been to blame in the commencement, and could only remember the Jong course of punishment to which he had been subjected, culminating, as it had done, in the transmission of that same punishment to his child. finding that Julian Wallis did not speak, it was necessary to state the reason .of his coming. . "I received a letter from you yesterday," he said; "it is in answer to that letter that I ani here." By this time, after a severe struggle with his feelings, Ifr. Wallis had succeeded in suf ficiently subduing them to enable him to re* assume the habitually cold phlegmatic manner engendered by business requirements. "And you are prepared to endorse my opinion, and to act in accordance with it," he asked, chillily. " If I were willing to accept the hard tenns you are desirous of making I should scarcely have come across the channel to talk the matter over." ."Ah! I am sorry, since I have no alterna tive to offer." The rigidity of Mr. Wnllis*s manner, instead of freezing Stephen Bolderson into blind obedience, as he probably expected that it would do, only served to irritate him almost to madness, and he gave way to such a passionate outburst as was not wont to flow from Stephen Bolderson*s settled lips. "I care neither for alternatives nor terms,** he said; "nor am I hear to make any, hut to tell you plainly and straightforwardly that I will not put this pressure, this weight of sacrifice on my innocfehb child. What has sho done to you that you should wish to oppress her so severely, and make her suffer for a fault, of the existence of which eke is ignorant? It is not enough that during all these years you have persecuted me, making mo pay ten times, nay twenty times, over for the sum for which in nu hour of ex treme necessity, when my wife was dying of want, I signed your name. You can coolly tell mc you have never injured mo by word or act, when my life since the day wc ceased to be friends bas been one long purgatory of misery and feur, only concealed from tho eyes of tho world by the"continual paying of sums of rnouey which I was frequently at my wits* end to obtain " ' " Bolderson, you must be mud," said Mr. Wallis, when u short pause in the storm of, words gave him tho opportunity of speaking "No, I am not mad. I have managed to keep my reason in spiteof the ceaseless perse cution to which I have been subjected, but how long I shall remain sane God ouly knows, if the same system of persecution, the same spirit of vengeance, which has ever tracked my path is to follow the life of my little Ursula.** " I do not understand what you are talking about—to what you allude. Hard nud i-evero I may have been in my determination to break off all aquaintance—all intercourse with you after your own unwarrantable infringement of the laws of friendship, but since the day we last met in this very room, now some years ago, neither byword nor sign haveX inter fered with you or yours. On the contrary, I have strenuously sought to forget your exist ence until this acquaintance with my Alan and your daughter has once more brought us into disagreeable relationship." It was with the greatest difficulty that Stephen Bolderson allowed him to make this statement, chafing under it as he was the whole time, irritated by it beyond expression, and longiug to interrupt at every word. At last he could contain himself no longer. " Yon lie, and yon know full well that you are lying," he almost yelled, so fnrious was he. " If, as you pretend, with all your grand airs, yon were mistaken in me; if I gave you , volumes to say on the subject of misplaced friendship, what must be my feelings about you whom I thought perfect in character, just and honourable in allyc your dealings, when I find you can He and equivocate wheu it snits you, as glibly as though you belonged to the common herd of shufflers and retaliators." ITr. Wallis rose from his chair. "This interview must end," he said, sternly. " I will brook no farther insult. I repeat that I have never injared you byword or act. I stand by the letter I have written to its minn? test detail, and I request you to leave my room." "My God, Wallis, you are bent on driving me mad. Will yon persist in standing there and in cold blood assuring me that you did hot give that unfortunate cheque to Decocq with the permission to make my life a burden to me by his constant threats to give it pnbHcity, and that this was the punishment you had decreed while you yourself enacted the part of leniency and consideration." "Silence, man, how dare yon insult me by such suggestions, which are the mere weavinga of your diseased imagination. The cheque is in die drawer of my writing table in the Hne Madagascar, and Decocq left my service about six months after I last saw you. I have never seen him since to speak to, though I have occasionally passed him in the street." " Yet Decocq has assured me more than once that he is in constant communication with you, aud that yon yourself gave him the cheque." "And are you inclined to beHeve Decocq's word in preference to mine ? " " Naturally, since I have been the victim of persecution for years, and that this fresh phase in a prolonged system of torture comes directly from vou." "Nothing will mako you believe that I have hatTno voice in the persecution to which—yon say—you have been subjected ? " "Nothing, except the giving: up of the cheque and the setting rae free from this new burden you have laid upon me." | '1 Impossible! I will never consent to Alan's 1 marriage with your daughter, but I will gladly give you the cheque for an assurance that this marriage shall never take place." " So you arc not above making terms now, and yet you would have me believe that, through the instrumentality of Decocq you have not made them in the past." " A truce to the discussion of Decocq. He has nothing to do with me nor I with him. If, as you tell me, you have had unpleasant business relations with Decocq, that is your affair, not mine, though it scarcely seems to me as if he has been much of a persecutor as you state, since only a few wcels back your danghter was seen walking with him in the Champs Elysees." "That is probable, 'and is only another example of the system of persecution which I have silently endured for years." Mr. WalUs smiled cynically. "I fail to see how this walk in the Champs Elvsees can be classed as persecution." 'The tone and the look that accompanied it, served to irritate Stephen Bolderson more and more; he answered, speaking rapidly, " I was forced into leaving my child for years in the care of a certain Mademoiselle Lafargc, who is a relation of Decocq's—I have since heard that she is Ids lialf-sister— always for the same reason. Ho held that cheque from you, and if I did not agree to his tern 13 my disgrace would bo published. Ever siuce the day I last saw you in this office I have been a puppet at your bidding, when yon chose to pull the string, and I have come to the conclusion that the severest punishment that can be inflicted on a man is to rob him of his free-will." Mr. Wallis did not answer this, but looked steadily and inquiringly at his old friend, wondering meanwhile if the explanation of these strange assertions did not lie in the fact that ho was mad. That Stephen Boldcrson had really been the victim ho made himself ont to be he'did not for a moment believe. It was not easy for a mau of Julian Wallis's nature to be able to fathom the amount of persistent wickedness unillaudnatcd by a single ray of goodness tbat a man of Deoocq's proclivities possessed, and lie did not, therefore, believe in the story, especially as all this blackguardism and dishonour was attributed to himself. How to manipulate the new complication ' that had arisen troubled him not a little, while I it made him even more determined, if that I were possible, that he'would never give his I consent to Alan's marriage with a girl who ! had been brought up in such surroundings. The outcome of these rapid thoughts was that he judged it would be expedient to con trol his temper, which had more than once been on the point of getting ont of hounds, and to seek, if possible, to quiet down this strange visitor until he could in some way arrive at the truth of what had occurred by mating inquiries into the present career of his dismissed clerk. The brief space for reflection being over, "Bolderson," he 6aid, "what yon have lold me to-day has so bewildered and astonished me as to render me almost breathless. Once more I assure you that whatever yon may imagine or perhaps have been told, I have nothing whatever to do with the painful per secution to which yon allude—have never even heard of it until to-day. What I ask of you is to give me time to investigate the matter. That I will do so thoroughly and honestly yon would once have believed of rae, but after the allegations yon have brought against me it is evident that yon think me a monster of in humanity and injustice. It is therefore useless to appeal to your feelings as far as I am con cerned, hut I will have this matter rifted to its foundation." Stephen Bolderson was somewhat shaken by the earnestness of Mr. "WaUis's manner, and was compelled, almost in spite of the deeply rooted belief of years, to give some credit to his asserted ignorance of Decocq's doings. " It will be well that you should do so," he 6aid, speaking more quietly, "and I shall await the result with impatience." "Yon have not seen Decocq since you have been in Paris ?" "Kb. I came direct to you; I only arrived this morning." " Kindly keep him ignorant for a day or two of your presence here, and come and see me in the Rue Madagascar. To-day is Thursday, say on Sunday evening. Can you remain as long in Paris V" VI will remain as long as this business re quires my presence." "Just so; then we will meet on Sunday, by which time I hope to have arrived at some conclusion about Decocq's behaviour. Do not, however, be misled into the belief that what ever he has done or has not done will have any . influence on the letter I have written to you.' My decision on the subject is unalterable—till Sunday then." Stephen Bolderson felt that he was dismissed, and though he accepted the dismissal with a bow and without uttering a single word, yet the auger that welled so furiously in his heart during the greater part of the interview was by no means calmed, nor could he hring himself to remember that the treatment he had received was justly warranted by his own act. As soou as thedoor of the bureau had closed behind, him, Julian Wallis sunk down once more into his armchair and remained for a long time perfectly motionless. The lines on his face farrowed, and the thoughtful expression on his brow was intensified to such a degree that no one seeing him now for the first time could have believed that he had the reputation of being one of the mast genial and popular men in Paris, and that he was ton ca wired: on every festive occasion. What he had heard and the painful interview he had gone through affectedhim very considerably, andhedidnotfeel altogether capable of coping with the circum stances which seemed to hem him in on every ride. Jnlian Wallis possessed a far more sensi tive nature than would hare been looked for in a man supposed to he hardened by contact with business and constant communication with the prose of life, for in him it had been powerless to kill his affectionate tendencies, his highly strong sense of what honour aud justice de mand! xeurs ago he had received a severe shock ■when Stephen Bolderson deceived him, but he had recovered from it aud once more smiled genially and believingly on the world around him. Of late, however, owing to Alan's persistent wooing of this man's daughter, a shadow had lain athwart Julian "WaJlis's path, and the 6train he put upon himself in order to appear the happy man he was not only served to make the change in him the more obvious, since his acquaintances not infrequeufly asked each other, ' ".What is^the matter with Wallis? Has he large sums in jeopardy, or has he a ghost in his cupboard ?" Such, then, being his physical and mental condition, the interview with Stephen Bolder son was scarcely likely to improve it. After a few moments, however, when giving way to what seemed an uncontrollable access of despair, he roused himself with the sovereign determination which he possessed so strongly, and which rendered Julian Wallis so incom parably superior to most of his fellows. Work lay before him; it must be done. He had undertaken to sift this odious matter. Decocq's atreer during the years that* had passed since he left his office must be un veiled, even if in order to do so it were neces sary to seek the assistance of the police. Having pulled himself together he rang a bell that stood on his writing desk, and on the appearance of a young clerk desired him to tell Mr. Guge, the head clerk, that he wished to speak to him. Gage, who had returned during the recent interview, and had recognised Afr. Bolderson as he left the chief's bureau, had been awaiting this summons with some impatience. It had puzzled him to know that Mr. Bolderson had been with the chief, and he was curious and anxious to unravel the mystery. Could it be possible tliat after all a marriage would be arrauged between Mr. Alan and this man's daughter. He could not believe that Mr. Wall is would ever allow such u connection to bo made. 44 A girl who had lived for years with Lncillo Lafarge, a near relation of such a man as Decocq, to marry a "Wallis, it was out of all keeping." Gage had, however, little time for reflection, and he was aghast when he saw Ids chief. Indeed, be was so much taken off his guard br his appearance that he almost forgot his usual reserve of manner, and asked what had hap pened to change him thus. Bat Julian Wallis was not a man who was familiar with those in his service, however much he might trust them, and even Gage stood in some awe of him. Thus he waited tc be addressed. "Gage, I know I can trust you, and tha: you are true to my interests. Yon will find out at once all that can be found ont about Decoeq—my former clerk. I will not tell votr the accusations that are brought against hln; as it is better yon should make your own in* quiries in an unbiassed spirit, and with a fret band. Learn how he lives, where he obtains funds, and if ever he has used my credit for base purposes. Make use of a detective, if necessary. Spare no expense, and let me have this information as speedily as possible, in the coarse of to-morrow, or on Saturday at the latest." Gage, dnly impressed with the importance ol the task assigned to him, accepted it readily. He already knew one or two things in con nection with this wretched Decoeq, which made him think it would not be. so very diffi cult to gain farther information, added to which he was one of those men in whom detec tive proclivities were latent. After a little farther conversation with his chief, which principally related to how other work on which he was engaged should be trans ferred to his junior in the office, he left Mr. Wallis, who once more sank back in his chair thoroughly prostrated by this last effort. His face became white, white as death itself. He pressed his hand on his heart, as the cry of anguish he conld not wholly repress rose to hi* blanched lips. " Ob, Alan, my boy, why did I send yon away?" Then he took a small phial from a drawer, ~ and patting it to his inoatb, swallowed the contents. The agony in which he was writh ing slowly gave way before the remedy, and in about five minutes, .when the door opened again to admit a business visitor, Jolian Wallis was more or less himself, and the secret which he had carefully guarded for many months past was once more concealed. 