AN AUSTBAL1AN FLAB TUB. . BY FRANCIS BIYERS. NOW FIRST PUBLISH ED— ALL ' RIGHTS RESERVED. , CHAPTER I. " I tell you I must murry him. With . nil your experience can't you under- stand that ?" . Mrs. Jolni Wilson opened her large blue eyes, and tho work she had been . busy with fell to the floor The woman , who spoke was her sister, two years younger as years 1 count, but younger or elder ds growth may have been retrograde, or progressive by Heaven knows' how. many reincarnations.' In i a second or two tears fell on the fallen ' Work. Thoy sab 011 tbe verandah of a cot tage on the North Shore of Sydney harbor. A plot of garden was imme diately before them, and scarce a stone's tlirow away the blue water. There was. a pool in. the garden, oyerr hung by a weeping willow. On the drier ground was a, 'flame tree. The month was September ; the willow was'graosful and gracious, with pen dant' folidgo 'of a rich, soft golden green. Tho .flamo tree blazed against the sky as if crested with the plumage torn ' from a thousand flamingoes' breasts. And the women in nature, and in aspect, were much like to the trees. , _ " There is no use in your snivell ing," said the .'flame tree dt' length, "Gerald's bolted and the. Lord has provided me. with a' shelter; :T shall marry George .Wilooii, and. wq shall go together to Mirrindong. / I ' shall; keep the bank parlor merry, and he will be; popular on account' of his ' dashing wife. Don't you- bother your' fiedd about it at till Milly, you . wore nob mado to understand these thingsj ' and . Mjlly— don't meddle. : Vv!:;/; The willow treels tears fell!- as the dew drops fall\when the wind:;of ;.tho . dawning, blows. " " Gh, mother, ihu's- band, children 1 Oh, -cGpd,:'!guarii me.'" ; And she staggered rather than walked through the open doors. ' . ! 11 Yes, that's best," said the flume trsp, ".Ask God to guard , you, he hahf provided for ine, and so is -not -likely, to neglect you." Then she looked out 'On tlie waiter where. the ferry boats ware snorting- to i and frb; and a- .big-' steamdr :'was heading towards the ocean. - ' ' ' Shot was not tall;: or'darkj'dr.-'satftnic in any sense.: Her hair was almost golden, het-'cybs- a steely 'Klpe,' her figure lithe, svelte, seductive ; but her mbuth" -hard, -and - her - nostrils -cease lessly twitching. iShe choso to live lior life over again, or perhaps memory chose for her in tho few moments that followed hor sistqr's departure.,, Ohild- hood, in tho civil servant's poorly paid home; with all its stinting and paring, andfTiiiiery'oil'Biia'b'bjrgettttii'itj Girlish dreams of success in art all boHi but to 'did ; for, angels of that sort come not to inhabit in a soul that would desecrate the very Holy, of Holies to serve its own desires, A' descent then to type-writing, but not exactly with intent to make a living', by that humblo' industry. . . A flash of tri umphant joy when Bhe- imagined that young- John Wilson was hooked and might , bp played ' with, at will. Anger, passion, despair and abiding bitterness when introduced to her own home the more' tender grace of the willowy sister, netted and held him fast ; and hellish desire for re venge cloaked under a simulation of gratitude, when, orphaned n year later, Bhe accepted the shelter of her sister's borne. It may have been that' benign ttowers played devil's counter's to snve (hat poor willow from the plots pre- pared against her, for Flame Tree Julia found neither time nor necessity to pursue them. Gerald Woolfe came to Sydney. No man knew whence, or cared to inquire with what purpose. He had money, manners and knowledgo of tho larger world. It was the time of the fullest expansion of the land boom bubble,.when wise men knew that the end was near, but fools were more blatantly positivo than ever of its character of perman ency. Gerald Woolfe imagined his opportunity, and in the current phrase of the time "sailed in." He knew the bubble could not last, but he did not think it would burst so soon. The acquaintances he made were' regarded as solid men, therefore his credit was good. Ho understood what, is rarely understunded even in a small way by men of Australian breed ing, the art of spending money. He was introduced to the Wilsons, he appreciated the charm and the practical use of the Flame Tree. He organised harbor picnics, theatre par ties, with suppers later on. . He became possessed of a dainty little tray buggy, which could not possibly! accommodate more than two, : and found occasion to make long drives, to visit distant suburban properties and "Julia," said Miily, " always looks so. much better after a drive." Yes,.' yes, she remembered it all very well, though the caution of a natural credulity never allowed her to altogether believe in its continu ance; and the craft which accoir.- . pauied that incredulity instructed her! that it might he well not to utterly dishearten poor George Wilson: She appreciated ,her own craft even now,' and her eye. lighted though the nostril! twitched. It was clever— the world was all before her still, and a tool in her hands to be used ait will. ' ' For Gerald Woolfe ; was gonp on a: mission to Now Zealand, it was ,snid,: and was so believed probably by every man and woman in Molbourne save Julia Dawson. Julia had a letter about which sho. had wept and cursed, and gnashed her; teeth and uttered blasphemous and' blood-curdling petitions at ! the first, ; but in which twenty-four hours 'later: she" discovered what seemod to- her.' good'counsel. .... < The substance of tho letter was—! "It is all, over. " These; 'fools! here! don't see it, but I know it. The bank; has culled me up, and my name is on: paper ;for teii . thousand times' more than l ean ever redeem. !. Worse than tliat, I have dabbled in affairs which mean penal servitude. ; I ; am bound for' a .port which is outsiflo extrddi- tibn;' Julia, and if you chooso to -sharo an, adventurer's lot (it would not suit you well) you can join mo by-ahd-bve. Meantime it might be as well, for you to marry the Joker. It may be neces sary, ;:atid if so, 1 wouldn't delay.' He needn't stand in the way if ever you propose to join. me. I send you a little composing draught. Ta-to! ! don't fret, and don't talk." (Enclosed were two fiftyrpound'..bank- notes,, which 'just then were- stitched up somewhere in the' recesses of Julia's garments. Into tho house a half-hour later stormed . George Wilson. "Hillo, Annie, Where's the Missis ?" Getting no answer he sprang up stairs, explored tlie drawing-room and knocked at the nursery door. The voice of his sister-in-law replied thence, but surely it sounded strange.. 1 " I can't seo you now, George, Julia is out'on the baloony." ' " All right, I'll . find hd'r. ' ;. How's Babs 1" Without waiting for an answer he went- whistling along the corridor, and there snug in a corner dreaming, and dove-like and tender, was Julia. Bhe did not rise, but extended a languid hand. George seized that and the other too, and stooping down kissed her on lips and brow. "What a boisterous fellow you are, George." " Boisterous, aye 1 Surely a fellow can kiss his sweetheart. He only gets one in his life, at least in real earnest you; know." "You expect us to believo that do you-1" I " Certainly, I'vo been spoons scores of times, but that's. different, isn't it ?" " I've not had much experience, but sit down and keep your hands quiet, if you can. "I'm all obedience;, but, Julia, that affair is fixed." " What affair." " Well, there is only one, you know; or, I beg your pardon, there is another, but that is yours . to decide. . I mean the ugency — i take charge on the 1st prox," " And this is ? '! , "The 7th." "Well!" : "Of course it is well. Look here Julia, what'is the use of shilly shally ing for three months? . I shall want somebody, to look after me up there." "You inust get a housekeeper then, orsome respectable elderly female to come in and tidy up for you. You must learn to be thrifty. George, and get used to the quietude of country life." " How tho deuce can' I get accus tomed to anything of the sort. I shall get the doldrums. I shall mix up 'the cash : and the figures ; I shall gamble ; I shall drink. I toll you what it is, Julia. You will have to get things fixed up some time be twixt this and the end of the month, and we'll go honeymooning to Mirrin dong." ; He blushed as he spoke ; bub Julia was very calm as she repliecj, " What an impetuous iuobnsiderate youth it is. Do you thipk,;-sir, a! woman can take marching orders for a life-long campaign at such brief notice as that? Suppose we say Sep tember, next year, wouldn't that be reasonable. No! no ? sit down George, I say. Y our tongue was given you to reason with, not your hands or your lips." Yet she rose while speaking, and her own lips were pouting, and a look of yellow hair had somehow fallen on. to her shoulder, and her hands ore clasped and her eyes were wide and luminous. Next instant his arm was about her waist and lips were reasoning with lips, so that for ten seconds perhaps there was no opportunity for words. Then Julia sank into her chair saying, "You frighten me, George; I declare, you are too enterprising by half." Eager and passionate he pleaded still — " I declare you are like a child, Julia. Won't it be just as awkward twelve months hence as now ?" "Very demurely sho replied, "You should not press me so, George. It is not kind, you know. I have no mother, and — and- — " Hero there was. some thing like a ghost of a sob, and a gleam of a tear beneath the drooping eyelashes. "Oh, Julia, J say,. hang it; don't do that. I didn't mean to bo unkind, old girl. I'll wait a year. I'll wait ten years, if you like. Come, brighten up now. You shall arrange it all yourseif. I shouldn't have rushed things so; but 1> thought it would be best for both of us." Her answer came low' and brokenly, You know ib -is a great change for- a girl; to make, ' George'; and who can j askwho.will. advise; me ?'' !,.. ,; ; ; !! There's Miliy." . . !<: , "Yes, .there is Milly." , "You aro not afraid of me; Julia — afraid to marry me, I mean ? I'm not rich, you know ;' but I'm young. It isn't every fellow of six and twenty they'd trust with an agency. I stand well with the directors, and. Jack will always give ine a lift along.- You 'don't think of changing your mind, do you, Julia ?" . . - Julia answered, "I love you, George.'' ' , ' . " Of bourse you do. And now Julia darling.I'll tell you what — " , " Yes,'- but please - koep your' hands in . tho proper place,, they in no way assistFmy understanding!".' .' " ! " All right, we'll leave it to Milly." " I couldn't speak- to Milly on suoh a matter." ' " That's queer, but I will, and you will abide by her decision ?" "Yes." " I'll ask her first ohance I get." " As you please." "Hurrah ! then it's all settled. Jack's away on circuit, and we'll, seo Milly together hofore dinner." . "And now, Julia, I've goo some thing to tell you. You remember that beggar "Woolfo? I thought you were a bit gone on him once." " I remember him." (TO BK CONTINUED.) 