Melloriteitc Letter. [f!.0ot oUR i n'~ coett:csa,?,atnr.] .I 1t: proceedings of the RIoyal Com pln--ion appointed in 'Sydney for the e.-trial of (;eorge Iean, convicted of .stying administered poison to his wife, i;alls to mind the halt buried story of the 'Alunt Rentnie trial in, which there was tu alter inqutiry. In Dlean's case great jtnbhlu pressure was brought to bear, and one of the strongest argumlents used in a!;Ior of a re-trial was that the trial hb ure judge VWindeyer was a parody on the ill nt, of justice. Many persons ':;ld tile same orinions respectinug the Mount lenie tt i . l, wtich was rushed 'through belore the satme Judge, who suvmtoned up strongly against the prisoners--just as he did against Dean, 'and who took a hurried retdict from a jury exhausted to stupidity by day and "night sittings; but the M?ount Reinie prisoners were without influential friends, 'and four of them went straight away to the gallo.s, while the others were sent to gaol for life. At that time the face of the law was set against any serious inquiry into the cl'aracter of the Crownt witnesses, and in much the same way the irreproachableness of the characters of the witnesses against Dean was taken ,for granted at his trial; bat he is in the fortunate position of having the past hisiory of those who tried to put a rope round his neck, thoroughly inquired into. I wo of the witnesses against the Mounlt tennie prisoners-Stanley and Smith got into trouble shortly after the trial; tSmith being sentenced to a luong term o ,imprisonment for arson, and Stainley only escaped gaol through "a little ;nmatter connected with a cheque " being put right by his friends. I ieting the ,lountt Rennie trial in the present light, t; I, almost certain that had there been a re-trial, as in Dean's case, full light would have been thrown on the histories of some of the witnesses, greatly to to their .Jt'advantage, and, probably, the feet of ':he four youths who were executed '.ould not have stood on the gallows of v.ltrlinghurst gaol, To find a parallel u the .Mount Rennie trial, said the late Right lion. W. B. Dalley, O.C., one 1ias to search the darkest and bloodiest lays of Irish history! Thie manner in whtich the case was hurried through by ,th: trown was simply infamous. The counsel for the prosecution got their st.uemtents in at the early part of the week when the jurymen werefully awake and able to understand what was said to 'stiutn. When the defence came on, the c..urt sat for 4o hours with only five i;.d-a- half hour's intermission. The "p',shners, tired out, slumbered fitfully in i,.c dock; some of the lawyers dozed, .,l even the jurymen fouttd it diflicult ;I. kLei:p their eyes open continuously. e:Vlien an adjourment was applied for at 'n:dnight by one of the counsel for the defence, lie was told that unless the ,ti;al proceeded, the jury would be kept over Sunday. And so the trial went on, ";idi the nine prisoners were found "ilty and sentenced to death. The jJdge who presided at the trial atnd sent 'the lads to the galllows, quite recently Lent the light of his countenance to a solemn inquiry as to the authenticity of "?Irs. Mellon's ghosts, and was laughed st. The same judge sent George Deani ao the gallows, but lie has 'escaped that igniominious termination to his existence, and is in gaol for life, unless the present us ueedings end in the acquittal of the crl n? Ile hal hoon conv,,toed of. o fear a, the investigation before the Royal Comtnmission has proceeded, the moral characters of Mrs. Dean and her mother hlave not come out spotless, but, as the i.,e is subtljudice, I will not make any further comment at thiis stage beyond remarking that Judge Windeyer must feel a little uncomfortable in the light of reci nt disclosures. . good deal of publicity has been given recently to the proceedings of certain in dividuals in Melbourne who have been 'canvassing foradvertisements for country 'news.papers, with which they have not the r't.nlotest connection. As the modus 'o','raudi has been pretty fully exposed, it is iaecessary to go into details in this letter, but I will relate one instance in ?wtiilt the chief of this bogus newspaper agency figured a day or two since. He haid obtained an order for a one-inch advertisement iin fifty country newspapers for twelve months for the sum of £3 (L';o would be about a fair price for same); antd the advertiser, under pressure, paid the 'first luarter in advance; but, as he was no: one of those confiding business dupes who are satisfied with the assurance that your advertisement is being inserted regularly in all the papers, lie took the trouble, sometime after he had given the order, to examine the journals in which 'his advertisement was to have appeared. Needless to state, he examined in vain, and in a very angry mood proceeded to 'the oftlice of the so-called association. Although he had been drawn into the :spider's web, he discovered on this occa sion that Mr. Spider's parlor was not easily accessible. There were minor spiders about, ready with all manner of excuses for their chief (who possibly was absent weaving his web for other flies), but this advertiser was deter mined not to be baulked, and, stamping on the floor in a manner which made'the minor spiders tremble, he declared that it'a patisfactory explanation was not frth coming in an hour there would be big trouble. In less than half that titte the \- hief was in the advertiser's ofieo,,..i-;. or non-opl .o,= ?. ·ti , tuverttsemcnt ilthat there had been unavoidable delay. But vwhen he was confronted with evidence ilthat mutny of, the newspapers on his list would ;iave nothing to do with hiun. he pleaded lor clemency, and offered to pay baclk the ts. that alternoon. This was 'certaitly a case of complete reversal of tihe usual order of thingis-.tlhe spider grentbled, notthe fly. aHowever the prof .'fered mioney was not accepted. T'he gentlenean referred to ihas placed himself In comtmunication with other Mlelbourne advertisers who have beeti drawn into the ,eb, and it is probable. if niot tolerably cerain, that the days of " the ring" are 'drawing to a close. •"The Itcent divorce case, Synnot v. Synnot, was remarkable from the fact that a number of people swore positively lthat the respondent, Mrs. Synnot, twhose moral character was proved to be stain ess, resided with her daughter in a house of ill-fame'in Carlton durinig the year '1884. Twelve witnesses, includinig four policemen, swore positively to this. Originally 29 witnesses, who had identi ed a photd. of Mrs. Syntot, takent 23 years previously, as being identical witi therespondent in the divorce proceedings, were subpaned by the petitioner, but the majority of them on being confroitted with Mlrs. S)nnot in person could not identify tier. Anotherstrange feature was that the twelve witnesses who swore so positivelj, to the lady and also to thle photo, referred toin above, could not identify a photo. taken in the latter part of 19Sg3, just before S[rs. Synnot's departure for England. The evidence against M2Irs. Synott, at the first blush, appeared to be vets strong, but her solicitors, knowing that it could not possibly be true, instructed .Mr. P. J. aheehan, the chief of LI?ud's Detective Agency, to make invesiigations, with the object of ascer taining whether the whole case for the petitioner was a huge conspiracy or a remarkable case of mistaken identity. These investigations speedily put a fresh aspect on the case. It was ascertained thIat a Mrs. Synnot actually did live in the house in Carlton during ISS4; that a well-known member ol the deunimondle, named Alice Synott, not in any way connected with the respondent or petitioner's family, who bore a certain resemblance to the respondents photo. taken in 1tS3, resided in the neighbor. hood in ISS2 and 1883. 