SONS OF FIRE. BY MISS B ft ADDON. &.utbor of " Lady Audley's Seoret," " The Fatal Three," "The Day will Come," "The Doctor's Wife," "Thoa art the M&D;," &O.; SYNOPSIS OF PBEViOUS CHAPTERS. CHAPTERS I. AND IL — Allan Carew. a wealthy yooog man, who nas ja«t inherited another little fortune, ii riding to the mnt of the South tiarum hounds. He ii m's-akan for another young m«n, 6«Srry Worn Oct, whom he much ranombles. lie hears from a waiter that his "doable" is in the army in India, and Mrs. W.irnock. his mother, was supposed to be not quite right in her mind. Allan's IBOI her dotes on her son, and is anxious that he shall make a good mttch. CriAPTEii 111—Allan Oarsw, having settled himself <in hit atttf, learns all there is to ievn about Mrs. Wornock, his double's mother, a lady witb a apiritu-lle tendency, whe is almost a redone in her ownhonse. He g>>es to Filbary C iarch to catch a glimpse of her, and she, struck with his likeness to her aoo, invites him by letter to visit her. CHAPTER IV. "IN THE A&L-GOLDXN; AFTERNOON." The hall door stood wide open to the sunlight, sufficiently enarded by that splendid brute, the St. Bernard. A middle-aged footman in the sober <fornoek livery oame at the eonnd of the bell, the St. Bernard watohing the visitor with grave bat friendly eyes, and evidently perfeody aware of his respeotability. Mrs. Wornock was at home. The servant led the way to a oorridor which opened ont oi the hall, and at the end of this oorridor, like Vandyke's famous portrait of Charles the First at Warwick Castle, the fall-length portrait of a young man in a hunting-oeat looked Allan Carew in the face. _ In spite of all he had been told about bis likeness to the owner of Disoombe, tho sight of that frank young face looking at him under the bright white light fairly startled him. For the moment it seemed to him M if he bad seen bis own reflection in a cheval-glaas; bat as he drew nearer totbecanvas the likeqess lessened, the difference in the features oame oat, and he taw that therasefli bl anoe was less a likeness than a reminisoenoe. Distance was needed to make the illusion, and he conld understand now why his new friends of the hnnting-field should Jiave itaken him for Wornock on that first morning when he rode up to them as a stranger. The portrait was by MiUais, painted with as much brio and vigour as the better-known piotureof the young Marchioness of Hun ley. Mr. Woroook was standing in an old stone doorway, leaning in an easy attitude against the deep arch of the door, hunting-crop, oi garcase, and hat on a table in the background, standing whore he had stood on many a winter morning; waiting for his horse. There was a skylight over this end of the oorridor, and the portrait of the muter ef the house shone out brilliantly under the clear top-light. Thefootmaaatopped withinafewpaoesof the portrait, opened alow, old-fashioned door, and ushered Ur. Carew into a spacious room, at Sue farther end of which a lady was sitting by an open window, beyond wbioh he saw the long vista of an Italian garden, a oypress avenue, where statues were gleaming here apd there in the sunshine. There was a grand piano on one side of the room, an organ on the other; books filled every recess. .This spacious apartment was evidently musio-toom and library rather than drawing-room, and here, amidst books amd musio,'lived the lonely lady of the home. She oame to meet him with a friendly smile as be advanced into the room, holding oat her baud. "It is very good of you to oome so Bopn," she said, in her p>w musical voice. " I wyhted so much to ae^on—know ^on. Yes, you are very like him. One of those aooidental likenesses whioh are so common, and yet seem so atnuure. My husband had a friend, who was murdered because he was like Sir Robert Peel; but my son is mot a public man, and he ha* no enemies. Ton will ran. no risks on aooount of your likeness to him." "Iam grateful fur the likeness whioh has f given roe the honour of knowing Mr*. Worr nook," said Allso, taking the ssat to which she motioned bun, as she resumed her low chair by the window. ." Indeed, you h.we no reason. I am a very stupid person. I go nowhere; Isee very few people; and the poople I do see are people' whom yon would think unworthy of your interest." "Not if yon ate interested in them.* They cannot be unworthy." " Qh, I am easily interested ! I like strange people. I like to believe strange things. Tour friend, Mrs. Morningnxra, will tell you that I am a foolish person." " You have seen Mrs. Mornington lately?" questioned Allan. "Yes; she was hei?e yesterday afternoon. She is always bright) and amusing, and I always feel particularly stupid in hersooiety. She talked of you, but I did not tell her I wanted to make your acquaintance, She would have offered to make a luncheon party for me to meet you, or something dreadful of that kind." " Yon have a great cfvalike to suoiety, Mrs. Wornook?" he asked, kesnly interested. Her manner was so fre* hand simple, almost childlike in its confiding oandour, and her appearance was no less interesting than her manner. It is the fashion of our day for women of five-aad-forty to look young, even to girlishness; but most women of five and Forty are considerably indebted to modern art for that advantage. Hue there was no art. The pale, clear fairness of the complexion owed nothing to the perfumer's palette. No poudre da feet blanohed the delioate brow; no rose cCamaur flashed the oheek; no can de Medee brightened the large'violet eyes. The lines whioh thought and sorrow had drawn upon the fair brow were undisguised, and in the soft, pale gold of the bair there were threads of silver. The youthfnlness of the face was in . its colouring and expression— the complexion so delicately fair, the oounten anoe of a woman to whom She conventionalities and jargon of modem life were utterly unknown. - "You saw my son's portrait in the oorridor!" laid Mrs. Wornock. " Yes. It strnok my untutored eye as a very fine picture—almost as powerful as the trladstone and the Salisbury, whioh I temember- in the MUlaia collection at the Btosvenor." "But as for the likeness to yourself now— did that strike you as foroibly as it has struck other people?" " I oonfess that as stood in Ahe hall I was inclined to exolaim,'That is I or my brother.' But as I came nearer the picture I saw there was a considerable diversity. To begin with, your son is muoh handsome* than L" " The drawing of his features may be more corr6ot, but you are quite handsome enpugh," the answered with her pretty friendly air, as if she had been his aunt. " And your face is more strongly marked than his. Just as your voice is stronger and deeper," she added with • sigh. "Your son is not an invalid, I hope?" " An invalid! No. But be is not very strong. He oould not play football. He hated even cricket. He is passionately fond of hurses, and an ardent sportsman; but he aan be sadly idle. He likes to lie about in the sunshine, reading or dreaming. I fear he is a dreamer, like his mother." " He is not like you in person." "No." "He is like his father, no doubt. 1 ' " You will see his father's picture, and yon can judge for yourself. Well, we are to be friends, are we not, Mr. Carew? And you will oome to see me sometimes; and if you ever have any little troubles whioh oan be lightened by a woman's sympathy yon will come andooafide them to me, I hope." " It will be very sweet to be allowed to oonfide in so kind a friend," said Allan, "My son will be home for his long leave before the end of tbe year, and I want you to make him your friend. He is very amiable," again with a suppressed sigh. " Come, now it is your turn to tell me something about yourself. This room tells you all there it about me." * "It tells me you are very fond ofmusic." "I live for it. Music has been my companion and consoler all my life." " And I hope you will let me hear you play again some day." "Again? Ah, I forgot! Yon were in the churchyard last Sunday while I was playing. Sid you listen?" " As long as you played. I was under the Dpen window most of the time." " Yon are fond of organ music?" "Aafondasanignorantmanmay be. I know nothing of the subtleties of music. I have never been educated up to Wagner or Dvoraoh. T love the familiar voices—Mozart, Beethoven, Verdi, Gounod, Anber even, and I adore our English masterof melody, Sullivan. Does that shock you ?" " Not at alL I will play his oantata for you some day. If yoa have nothing better to do with your time this afternoon I should like to lliow you my garden." "I shall be enchanted. I am enchanted already with that long straight walk, those walls of cypress end yew, that peacook sunning bis emerald and sapphire voader by the d dial. In suoh a garden did 'Beatrioe hide when Hero and her ladies talked of Benedick's passion ; in such a garden did Jesiioa and Lorenzo loiter under the moonlight." I see you love your Shakspeare." " As interpreted by Irving and Eileu Terry. The Lyceum was the school in which I learnt to I'ire the bard. At Eton, examination in R.chard tbe Second only prejudiced me against him." " Mr. Worncock was a great Shakespearian." Th«-y were in the garden by this time— sauntering with slow footsteps along the level stretch of turf on one side of tbe broad gravel wilk. At the end of the oyress avenue there was a semioirpular recess, shea in by a raised bank, and awfell of clipped yew, in whioh at regular intervals there ware statues in darkfrean oiohee. c ls r c s tb s b h U b ( p "Mr. Wornock brought tbe statues from Borne when he was a young man. The gardens were laid oat by his grandfather nearly a century ago," explained Mrs. Wornock. Allan noticed that she spoke of her husband generally as " Mr. •Voraock." "That amphitheatre reminds-me a little of the Bo boll gardens," said Allan ; " bat there is a peaoefulness about this solitude which no State garden can have." Three peacocks were spreading their rainbow plumage on the long lawns between the house and the amphitheatre, and oue less gorgeous but more ethereal, a bird of dazzling whiteness, was perched on an angle of the oypress wall. The lady and her companion strolled to the end of the lawn, and crossed the amphitheatre to a stone temple, open on the side fronting the south-western sun, and spaoioua enough to accommodate a doren people. " If you had a garden play bow delightfully tH^ temple woald serve for a central point in your stage," said Allan admiringly. "People have asked me to lend them the gardens for a play—'Twelfth Night'or • Much Ado about Nothingbut I have always said no. I should hate to see a crowd in this dear old garden." " Yet there are people who would think suoh a plaoe as this created on purpose for garden parties, and who would desire nothing better than a crowd of smart people." Mrs. Wornock shuddered at the mention of smart people. " A party of that lcind would be misery for me," she said; and '* now tell me about yourself and your relations. Mrs. Morning' ton told me that your father and mother are both living, and that you inherited Beechhurst from your nuole. I remember seeing Admiral Darnleigh years and yean ago, when everything at Disoombe and at Matoham was new to me. It must bs sad for your mother to lose you from her own home." " My mother is not given to sadness," Allan answered smiling. "She is the best and kindest of mothers, and I know ehe loves me as dearly as any son need desire; but she is quite resigned to my having my own home and my own interests. She would argue, perhaps, that were I to marry I mast have a house of my own, and that my establishment at Beeohhurst is only a little premature." "You are very much attaohed to your mother." " Very muoh—and to my father." " Your tone at you say those words tells me that your father is the dearer of tbe two." " You have a quick ear for shades of meaning, Mrs. Wornock." " Pray do not think me impertinent. I am not questioning you out of idle ouriosity. If we are to be friends in the future, I must know and understand something of your life and your <aind. But perhaps I bore you— perhaps you think me both ecoentrio and impertinent." _ "My dear Mrs. Wornock, I am deeply touched that yoa should offer to be my friend. Be assured I have no reserve, and am willing —possibly too willing—to talk of myself and my own people. I have no dark corners in my life. My history is all open country—an uninteresting landscape enough. But there is no difficult noing—there are no bogs or risky bite over which the enquiring spirit need skim lightly. Yoar ear did not deceive yon just now. Fondly as 1 love my mother, I will freely oonfess that the bond that draws me to my father is tbe stronger bond. In the parrot jargon of the day, his is the more interesting 1 personality.' He is a man of powerful intellect, whose mind has done nothing for the good of the world—who will die unbonoured and unremBmhered save in the narrow circle of his personal friends. This is one question I have asked myself aboat him ever since I was old enough to think, aquestion whioh I first asked myself when I began to read classics with him in my school vacatiooR, and whioh I had not finished asking myself when his untiring help had enabled me to take a first- class in the Honour School. To me it has always been a mvstery that a man of wide attainments and financial independence should have been utterly destitute of ambition. My father was a young _ mau when he married ; he is still in the prims of life; and for aix-and-twenty years he has been content to vegetate in Suffolk, and has regarded his annual visit to London as more of an infliotion than a relief. I have told myself again and again that my father's life must have been shadowed by some great sorrow before his marriage, young as he was when he married." Mrs. Wornock listened intently, her head slightly bent, her clapped hands resting on her knee, her sensitive lips slightly parted. " You say your father married young," she said after a brief silenoe, in whioh she seemed to be thinking over his words. " What do you oall young in suoh a oate ?" " My father was .not three and-twenty when he married —two years younger than I am at this present ho'ur—and yet the idea <>f matrimony has never ishaped itself in my mind. But yoa must not infer from anything I have eaid that my father's has been an unhappy marriage. On tne oontrary, he is devoted to my mother, and she to him. I cannot imagine a better-assorted oouple. Each supplies tbe qualities wanting in the other. She is all movement, impulse, and spontannousness. He isoalm and meditative, with depths of thought and feeling whioh no one has sonnded. They are perfectly happy as husband and wife. But there is a shade of melancholy that steals over my father in quiet, unoooupied hours, whioh indicates a sorrow or disappointment in the past. I have taken it to mean an unhappy love affair. I may be utterly wrong, and the shadow may be oast by a disappointed ambition. It is not unlikely that a man of powerful intellect and lymphatio temperament •houM feel that he had wasted opportunities and failedra life. It is quite easy to imagine the ambition without the energy to achieve." She made no comment upon this, bnt Allan oould see in her eager oountenanoe that she was intensely interested. "Is your mother beautiful?" ehe asked timidly. It seemed a foolish and futile question; and it jarred upon that eerioui thought of his parents which had been inspired by her previous questioning. But, after all, it was a natural question for a woman to ask, and he •miled as he ahswered— "No. my mother is not beautiful. I am not guilty of treason as a son if I oonfesB that she 'is plain, since she herself would be the first to take offence at any sophistication of tbe truth. She has never set up for being any other than she is. She has a fine countenance and a fine figure, straight as a dart, with a waist whioh a girl might acknowledge without a blush. She dresses with admirable taste, and always looks well, after her own fashion, exclusive of beautiful features or brilliant colouring. She is what woman call stylish, and men distinguished. I am as proud as I am fond of her. " Will ehe oome to see yon in yoar netr home?" " Most assuredly my mother will pay me a visit before the Bummer is over, and I shall be charmed to bring you and her together." "And your father? Will not he oome?" "I don't know. He is very difficult to move. He is like the lichen on the old stone walls at home. He takes no particular interest in chairs and tables ; he would not oare a fig for my new euCToundings Besides, be saw Beeohhurst years ugo, as a visitor to his wife's brother. He has no curiosity to bring him here; and, as for his eon, he knows he has only to want me for me to be at his side." After this there came a silence. Certainly Mrs. Wornock was not giftej as aoonversationalist. Sbto sat looting straight before her at the long perspective of lawn and oypress, broad gravel walk, and narrow grass plots all verging to a point at whioh the old house rose square and grev, crowned witb capola and bell. The peacocks strutted slowly along the narrow lawn. The waters of a fountain fleshed in the warm sunlight. It was a garden that recalled Tivoli, or that old grave garden of the Vatican, with its long level walks ana prim flower beds, in whioh tbe Holy Father takes his restricted airing. In the Vatican pleasure grounds there are peacocks' and clipped hedges, and smooth greensward, and formal oypress avenues, and quaint arbours ; but tbe hum of Rome, the eohoes of the Papal Barrack, the rush of the Tiber are neat, and not even in that antique garden can thdre be this summer silence, silence as profound as in tbe enchanted isle where it seemed always afternoon. "Tell me mor® about yourself, your childhood, your youth," Mrs. Wornook asked suddenly, with an air of agitated impatience whioh took Allan by surprise. Mrs. Mornington bad prepared him for a certain eccentricity in the lonely lady of Disoombe, but the strangeness of her manner was even more than he had exnpoted. "Thare is very little to Cell about my own life," he said. " I have lived at home for the most part exoept when I was at Rton and Cambridge, My father helped me in all my studies, i never had any othnr tutor except at th« University. My home life was of the quietest. Fendyke is twenty miles from Cambridge, but it saems at the end of the wor'd. Tbe single line of rail that leads to it comes to a full stop. The terminus stands in the midst of a Dutch landscape — level fields ivided bv shallow dvkes, a river -o straight that it mizht as well be a canal, water mill*, pollarded willows, ntnicht clean roads, and fine old Nnrtnan Gbnrohes large enough for a ity, no 3unday trains, and not many on awful days. A neat little town, with decent hops, and comfortable inns, and a market which only awakens from a Pompeian slumber for an hour or two on Fridays. A land of est and plenty, picturesque cottages and trim ottage gardens, an air of prosperity which I believe is real. So much for our town and urroundings. For the family mansion picture o yourself a long low house, built partly of rick and partly of . wor»d, with chimney taoks that contain brick enough for the uildinr of respectable houses, and whioh ave defied the gales ewnepine down from the ral monntains—there is nothing, mark yon, etween Fendyke and the lira's—ever since jaeen Elizabeth was youag enough to pace a a van." I " Yoa must be food of an old house like that." "Yes, I am very fond of Fendyke. I even love the surrounding country, though I can bat wish Nature had not ironed the landscape with her mammoth iron. She might have left ns a few creases, a wrinkled meadow here and there." " I have heard that people born in Norfolk and Suffolk have an innate antipathy to hills."' " That may be. Indeed, I have notioed in the East Anglians a kind of stubborn pridein the flatness of their eoiL But I have not that perverted ptide is ugliness, sinoe I was sot born in Suffolk." " Indeed V "No. My father lived in Sussex—at Hay* ward's Heath—at the time of his marriage, and for half a dozen years after my birth. Fendyke oame to him from his maternal grandfather, who left the estate to his daughter and heiress, and to her eon after her, who was to assume the name and arms of Carew when he sacseeded to the property. My father's name was Beresford." There was no reply—no farther questioning on Mrs. Wornook'e part — and for some minutes Allan abandoned himself to tho dreamy silence of the eoene, aontent to wsioh the peaoooks on the lawn and to listen to the splash of the fountains. Then suddenly the silenoe surprised him, and he turned to look at bis companion. Her head bad fallen back against the wall of the summer-liouse, her eyes were closed, and her face was as white as death. She was in a dead faint; and they were at least a quarter of a mile from the bouse. The situation was awkward for Allan, though there was nothing in so simple a matter as a fainting fit to surprise him. He knew that there are women who faint at the smallest orovooation, in a crowded room, in the sunshine, at Church, anywhere. Here the sunshine was, perhaps, to blame; that delicious pure sunlight in whioh he had been basking. He gave a long Australian oooee, long enough and loud enough to have brought help in tbe wilderness, and assuredly oaloulated to attraot some gardener at work within oall. Then he bethopght himself of the fountains, and ran to get sbme water in his hat. At the first dash of water Mrs. Wornock opened her eyes, with a little sobbing sigh, and looked at him as if wondering who and what be was. "I knew he wonld have answered my prayer," she murmured brokenly. "Spirit to spirit, ghost to ghost." It seemed a worse kind of faint than Allan had supposed, for now her mind was wandering. " I fear the sun was too warm for you," be said, standing before her in painful embarrassment, half expecting some indioation of absolute lunacy. "Yes, yes, it was the Bun, , 'ahe answered nervously. " The glare is so strong this afternoon, and this summer-bouse is shadeless. I must go back to the house. It was very foolish of me to faint. I am so eorry. I hope you won't consider me a very silly person." "My dear Mrs. Wornook, I have never heard that a fainting fit on a warm summer afternodn it a sign of silliness." "No, it is a thing one cannot help, oan one? But it must have been BO unpleskant for you. Ah, here is one of the gardeners," as a man came hurrying towards her with a soared countenance. "There is nothing the matter. Henry. I am quite well now, Mr. Carew, and I oan walk bask to the house. And so your father's original name was Beresford? Does he call himself Beresford-> arew?" " Yes, in all important doouments; bnt he is a man too careless of forms to trouble himself about the first name, and it has fallen into disuse for tbe most part—Carnr being the name of honour in our county. He is known at Fendyke and in the neighbourhood simply as Oquire Carew. I sign myself Beresford- Carew sometimes, when I want to distinguish myself from the numerous olan of Garews in Devonshire and elsewhere. Will you take my arm to go back to the house?" "Yes," timidly and faintly; "I shall be very ychid of your support." She pat her small white hand throngh his arm, and walked slowly and silently by hie side. Returning oonsaionsnees had brought back very little oolour to her face. It had still an almost unearthly pallor. She walked the whole distance without uttering a word. A faint sigh fluttered on her lips two or three times during that slow promenade, and on her drooping lashes Allan saw the glitter of a tear. For some reason or other she was deeply muved, or it might be that her fainting fits al ways took this emotional form. He saw her safely seated on her own sofa, with footman and maid in attendance upon her, before he took a brief adieu. " Vou'll oome and see me again, T hope," she said, with a faint smile, as ehe gave him her hand at parting. "I shall be most happy," he murmured, doubtful within himself whether he would ever hazard a repetition of this agitating finale to an afternoon call. To be interrogated about himself and .hiB surroundings, witb an eager curiosity which was certainly btartling, and then to find himself tete-d-C£te with an unconscious fellow-creature was an ordeal that few young men would care to repeat. When he desoribed his visit next day to Mrs. Mornington she only shrugged her shoulders and said decisively, " Hysteria! Too much money, too much leisure, and no respectable connections. If there is one .woman I pity more than another that woman is Mrs. Wornock." " If ever I oall on her again it must be with you or witb my mother," eaid Allan. "I won't faoe her alone." Although he came to this decision about the lady he found himself not the less disposed to dwell' upon her image during tbe days and weeks that followed his afternoon at Disoombe ; and more than once he asked himself whether there might not be some more cogent reason for her fainting fit than the sun's warmth or the sun's glare—whether that deep interest which she had evinced in all he could tell her of home and parents might not be founded on something more serious than an idle woman's idle cariosity. Conld it be that be had lighted upon some trace of that mystery in hie father's past life— that mystery whioh without tangible evidence he had always imagined as the kavnote to bis father's character in later years? She bad fainted immediately upon bis telling ber his father's former name. Was that a mere coincidence of time, or was the name the cause of hesitation in going alone—a second time. Lady Emily arrived on a visit to her son while he was pondering this unanswerable question aboat Mrs. Wornock, and he caught at tbe opportunity. He hardly allowed bis mother time to inspect his house and gardens, and the small farm which supplied his larder, and to give her opinion upon tho furnishing of the rooms and the arrangement of the flower-beds and lawns, before he suggested taking her to call upon his neighbour at Discombe. " But why, Allan? why should I call upon this Mrs. Wornock when I am a stranger in the land?" argued his mother. "If there is any question uf calling it is Mrs. Wornook who must call upon me." " Ah, but this lady is an exoeption to al) rules, mother. She calls upon hardly anybody,and alls has becrged me to go and see her, and I feel a kind of hesitation in going alone —a second time." He stopped in sudden embarrassment. He did not wish to tell his mother about the fainting fit, though be had desoribed the ssene freely to Mrs. Mornington. He had thought more seriously of tbe circumstance since that conversation with Mrs Mornington, and he was inclined to attach more importance to it now than at that time, " I think yon would be interested in Mrs. Wornock, mother," he urged after a pause, during whioh Lady Emily had been pacing the room from window to wa<l with the idea of suggesting a bayao be thrown out where there was now only a flat French casement. ' "Allan, yon alarm tne. I think you must be in love with this ecoentrio widow. You told me she was very rich, didn't you? It might not be a bad match for you ?" " Perhaps not, if Mrs. '-Vornook had any penchant tor me, and if I wanted a wife old enough to be my mother. Do you know that the lady has a son ae old as I am?" He reddened at tho thought of that eon, whose likeness to Beresford- Carew was startling enough to surprise Lady Emily, and might possibly occasion unpleasant suspicions. And yet accidental likenesses are so common in this world that it would be weak to be scared by suoh a resemblance. • Would he be wise m taking his mother to Disoombe? Perhaps not. He had marie up bis mind to take her there, wisely or foolishly. He wanted to brinsr her plain common sense to bear upon Mrs. Womoci'e fantastic disposition. " My mother the ehrewdest woman I know," he told himself. "She will read Mrs. Wornook'e character muoh better than I oan." Lady Emily was the soul of good nature, and was particularly free from the trammels of convontionality; BO, when she found her son had the matter at heart, the waived allqnestion of the caller and tbe called upon, and allowed Allan to drive her to Disoombe on the afternoon after her arrival at Beechhurst ; and tbe drive and the approach to the manor were very agreeable to her. "You are really prettier hereabouts than we are in Suffolk,*'she said condescendingly ; " but you have not our wide expanse of pastare, our open horizon. Those high downB hare a cramping 'Scot on your landscape— thny narrow your outlook, and shot you in too mach. Your eunsess mast be very poor in a broken-np country like this." The weather was more sultry than on Allan's previous visit. Summer had ripened, the roses were in bloom, and the last purple petal had fallen in tbe rhododendron jungle through which they drove to the Manor Hoiise. Mrs. Wornock was at home. Vain for the footman to deny it even bad he been so minded, for the ae6p.toaed music of the organ was pealing along the corridor. The mighty chorda which begin Beethoven's "Funeral Maroh" for tbe bnrial of a hero crashed out, solemnly and slowly, as Lady Emily and her son apptoaohed tbe musicroom ; and when at the opening of the door the player stopped suddenly the silenoe was more startling than the music had been. Startling, too, to see the fragile form of the player, and the semi-transparent hands which had produced that volume of sound. " I had no idea you were so fine a musician, Mrs. Wornook," Lady Emily said graciously, after the introduction had been got over, the lady of Disoombe standing before her timidly in the broad sunliirht from the open window, so fragile, so youthful looking, so uniike the miBtresBof a great house, and the chief personage in a rustio parish. " My son was eloquent in your praisb, but he forgot to'tell me of your musical talent." "I don't think I have much talent," answered Mrs. Wornock hesitatingly. "I am very fond of music—that is all." " There is a great deal in that all. I wish my love of musio—and Allan knows I prefer a good conoert to any other form of entertainment—would enable me to play as you do, for then I could take the place of the stupidest organist in England at our parish Churoh." Lady Emily was making conversation, seeing that Mrs. Wornock's lips were mute and cry, aa if she were absolutely speechless from fright. A most extraordinary woman, thought Lady. Emily. Shy to a degree that bordered on lunacy. The talk had all to be done by Allan and his mother, sinoe Mrs. Wornock's share in it was hardly more than monosyllabio. She assented to everything they said—she contradicted herself over and over again about the weather, and about the distinguishing features of the surrounding country. She agreed with Lady Emily that the hills spoiled the landscape; she assented to Allan's protestation that the hills were the chief oharm of the neighbourhood. She rang for tea, and when tbe servants had orought tables and tray and teakettle, she sat as in a dream for ever so long before she bftoacae conscious that the things were there, and that she had a duty to perform. "Then she filled theoups with tremulous hands, and allowed Allan to help her through the simplest details. Her obvious distress strengthened Allan's suspicions. There must be some mystery behind all this embarrassment. Mrs. Wornook oould hardly behave in this way to every stranger who oalied upon ber. uf all women living no one was less oaloulated to inspire awe than Lady Emily Carew. Good humour was writ large upon her open oountenanoe. The milk of human kindneBS gave softness to her speech. She was full of consideration for others. Distraoted by themuMcof the organ, Lady Emily had not even glanced at the Millais portrait which faced her as she walked along tbe oorridor. It was, therefore, with unmixed astonishment that she observed a photoeraph on an easel oonspicuons on a distant table—a photograph which she took to be the likeness of ber son. " I see yon have given Mrs. Wornook your photo, Allan,"ehesaid. "That is more than yoa have done for me sinoe your were at the University.?' "Go and look at the photo, mother, and you will see I hare not- been BO wanting in filial duty." Lady Emily rose and went over to the table in the furthermost window. " No, I see it is another face; but there is a wonderful look of you. Pray, who is this niovlooking young man, Mrs. Wornook? I may oall him nioe-Iooking with a good graoe, since he is not my son. His features are more refined than Allan's. The modelling of the faoe is more delioate." •'That is my son's portrait," answei Mrs. Wornook, "and it is thought a gooi likeness. He is like Mr. Carew, is he not? Almost starliingly like; bat the resemblance is less striking in the picture than in the living face. It is in expression that the two faces are alike." " I begin to understand why you are interested in my son," said L»dy Emily, smiling down at the face on the easel. "The two yonng men might be brothers. Pray how old is this young gentleman ?" " He will be six-and-twenty in August." "And Allan was twenty-five last May. And is Mr. Wornook au only son, like my Allan?" "Yes. I have only him. When h6 is away I am quite alone—exoept for my organ and piano. I try sometimes to think they are both alive." " What a pity you have no daughter. A plaoe like this looks as if it wanted daughter. But yon and I are in the same desolate oondition. "Allan is all I have—and my white farm." " Mother, why not my white farm and Allan?" said her son laughingly. "If you knew more of my mother, Mrs. Wornook, if yoa knew her in Suffolk, you would be very likely to think tbe farm first and not second in her dear love. Perhaps you, too, are interested in farming." Mrs. Wornook smiled a gentle negative, and gave a glanoaat the triple keyboard yonder, which was eloquent of meaning. A glance which seemed to ask, " Who oould wiste time upon cow-house and poultry-yard when all the master spirits of harmony are offering their mysteries to the faithful student? "Well, mother, how do you like the mistress of Di«oombe?" asked Allan as they drove homeward. "She is very refined — rather graceful— dreadfully eby," answered his mother, musingly; "and I hope you won't be angry with me, Allan, if I add that she seems to ae half an idiot." " You saw her to-day at a disadvintage," eaid Allan, and then lapsed into meditative silence. Had he not also seen this strange woman at a disadvantage when she fainted at the mention of his father's name -the name his father had borne in yoatb, not the name by whioh he was known now? Her fainting fit might have had no significance in bis eyes if it bad not followed upon her eager que tioning about his father. And whatever easpioionB had been excited bv that first visit were intensified by Mr«. Wornock's manner in the presence of Lady Emily. Such obvious embarrassment - a shyness so mnch more marked than that with whioh she had received him on his first visit—could hardly fixist without a deeper onueo than solitary hab.ts of nervous temperament. The likeness between Geoffrey Wornock and himself might have meant no more than the likene»s between Mr. Drummund and Sir Robert Peel; but that likeness taken in conjunction with Mrs. Wornock's extraordinary interest in his lather, and most noticeable embarrassment in receiving his mother, might mean a great deal—might mean, indeed, that the cload upon bis father's life was the shadow of a lifelong remorse, the dark memory of sin and sorrow. It might be that within the years prosed inz his marriage George Beresford had bn»m involved in a guilty intrigue wit^ Mr. Wornock's young wife. To believe thin was to think very badly of this gentle creature who used the advantages of wealth and position with such modest restraint, whose ouly delight in life wan in one of the most ec&lted; of life's pleasures. To believe this was to think Mrs. Wornook a false and unerateful wife to a generous husband; and it was to believe George Beresford a vulgar seducer. Jf there is one fallacy to which the non-legal mind is more prone than another it is its belief in its pow»r to estimate the value of circumstantial evidenoe. Allan Carew tried his father and Mrs. Wornock by the evidence of circumstances and he found them guilty. " My mother shall never oross that woman's threshold again 1" he decided, angry ' with himself for having taken Lady Emily to Disoombe. 