CHAPTER H. fiut when he walked up that narrow privet-hedged path one bright, brisk-aired, late-September afternoon, nobody was at the door, which stood closed. It was opened for him by a stupid, strange Blip of a girl, who shut him into the stuffy front parlour, saying vaguely- that she would " get somebody to him.'" Tins somebody, however, was so long in appearing that Kerrigan had time to think heart-sickly of what might have intervened since the date of his last home letter, now several months old. The shadow thus conjured np blurred -.way all the pleasure of meeting his brother Tom, and Tom's wife, who at last came in, and it made him hurry over his greetings to the question he soarcely dared ask," And how's mother ? I suppose I'll be seeing her presently ? " ' Why then haven't you heard tell ? " said Tom. 1 She was well the time Maggie wrote," Martin said defiantly. 'Och and well enongh she is, for that : matter, if that was all* I thought some body was after writin' you word. She's \- got married again—there's for you—and me poor fathernot a twelve month f-n v.. a grave this minute; not till after Christmas!" 'Married again? mother married—that's -great," said-Martin, laughing,-while about his ears clattered down the ruin of the house where he was to have spent much of his time in being very kind to her, and •getting her. everything she liked that money could buy. " Youmay call it so. And . the fellow she's took—a man by the name of Carter— used tobe comin' here about cattle grazin'. A. big, fat-lout, fit for nothin' but fuddling himself with whiskey. Owns all manner of property out in Queensland, if you're to bsueve his account; I don't. Bat anyway: it's there they packed off to, last month; like enough your boats crossed one another somewhere." Well, the divil's in it," said Martin. Carter was -after the bit of money father left, in her own.control," Tom. said explanatorily, " a thing he'd no right to have dope, and that's the thanks he got for it—in six months." "And herself with a great big red poppy cocked on top of her bonnet, inserted Mrs .Tom," fit to flare the sight out of your eyes." " But as for . what bewitched an old ,-woman of her time of life," Tom went on, ■ to go and make such a laughing-stock of herself; I'm wot offerin' an opinion." •You might then," said his wife,"for often'enough, before there was any talk of such a thing happenin', I've told yon to mark my words your mother was gettin' too fond of a drop; and once a body takes to that, there's no. foolery need surprise you. Why, my good gracious, the very jast time they were in thiB room, there was neither of the pair of them that I wouldn't have said had had something stronger than egg-broth, and it not ten o'clock in the rnornin'. That was the reason - of my sayin', if you noticed, the key'd got lost, when she passed a remark about the de; capter of sherry-wine." There followed a long, painful pause, during which Kerrigan felt as if something worse than the deyil yrere in it. When he broke it by enquiries after another brother, there seemed to be a certain fitness in the reply "that Arthur had gone to the bad altogether this good while back, though his progress thither had not formed a sharply outlined incident such as are chronicled in one's correspondence. Then Mrs Tom said: " And where are you stoppin' now, Martin ?" " Oh, last night I slept at Drogheda," he said, with a confused start, " and then— and then I came on here." ' Ob, we could put him up," said Tom, less thorough than his wife in carrying out their preconcerted policy of letting Martin kppw at once that if he chose to lose his pbanpes, qpd quarrel with his well-to-do gelations, .and pome jrapesing back, the I/ord could tell wjjy, or wljat he thought jje'd get by it, it was his own affair, but he needn't suppose he yas going to live on them." "In course, if it's only for a night or too," Mrs Tom said, with emphasis, "a couple of the boys might sleep in the loft. ; ff B as full of draughts as it eaa bold, hut j there's no other way I can manage." Kerrigan sat miserably mumbling some thing about being sorry to put them out that much. He would have gone away at Qnce, had nota glamour, lingering from his imaginations on the Pacific, bewildered him and puzzled his will, as he stared at his mother's old sampler, still hanging glazed and faded x>n its accustomed nail. Besides that, he could not- at the moment think of any one place to set out for more than another. Also he had some wish to see his sister Maggie, and they told him that she would not come home till late that night. So he said to himself that things might be pleasanter, somehow, in " the morning. They were not, however, except in so far that Maggie, tall and twenty-three, had still the same olear grey eyes as when she was four years old, and seemed glad to see him in % shy, suppressed sort of way. Fro the reBt, little Francy choked and sneezed at breakfast, whereupon his mother said pointedly that it was enough to give him his death, sleeping out in the loft wife a blast through it like a win nowing machine. It was a saint's day, and she had. not been able to forbear putting on her best purple merino; but she con sidered it expedient to counteract this symptom of prosperity by bidding - the children not to crumble and waste their . bread,-which the dears knew it was not so easy to fill their mouths with these times. :ghe remarked, too, that as butter lyas ten prices, she would not break the second pat thai morning—unless Martin would take another bit, which he declined to do. Tom had apparently forgotten all the old house hold jokes and adventures which Martin recollected most clearly, and when re minded how they had said or done this or that, would only indifferently daresay that they might. TTi« air was resolutely ab stracted, aud curt his Bpeech. But when the womankind and children had gone to Mass, which naturally disposes men to talk about business matters, he en larged at great length upon the unsatis factory state of his own affairs. It ap peared that what with the sum he had paid for the interest in the lease when taking on the farm from his mother, and what with the sight of money going after Maggie next month into her .convent at Belfast, where she was to profess, and what with the general badness of agricultural pros pects, Mr Tom Kerrigan could not tell the day or the hour when he might not be making a composition of so much in the pound, and the next thing he knew, he would have a wife. and half-a-dozen chil dren on his hands. Having thus conducted his family to the door of the workhouse, with an ostentatious parade, which was a little overdone, he turned his attention to his brother's more immediate concerns. " And what have you a notion of doin' now, Martin ? " he said. " Tou made no great things of it out there, 1 should suppose." " Oh, I'll rub along one way or the other," said Martin. He felt a faint, dreary satis faction at the thought that his brother was taking all these precautions against a false alarm. As for the news of his own riches, he had not the heart to produce them. That whole, story was now like a flower just dropped in pieces, all there still, but no longer worth looking at; and Tom had helped to shake off the petals. The vagueness of Martin's reply rather quickened Tom's apprehensions. " There's California now," he. said, "people have great talk of the fruit-growing business. I believe there's money in it. . Had they any ■ such thing out where you were ? " " Some," said Marian. " I should suppose," said Tom, " that a ; man with no capital to speak of might get employment at it ready enough, if he had j experience. You've been knocten' around ■a goodish bit ? " "High twenty year it is," said Martin. . " A man was tellin' me only the other : day," said Tom, " of a party goin' out there from Queenstown next week, Tuesday I think he said. Uncommon raisonable the fares were, he said. . Some of them had been askin' him to join. A fine" chance he said it was for anyone it might suit. From Queenstown next week. I couldn't swear" now whether it's Tuesday or Wednesday." " I landed Thursday evenin', and here's Saturday—not two days clear," Martin said meditatively. But Tom misconstrued the impojt of those calculations, and "said encouragingly," You'd run down-there in plenty of tune, if that was all. 1 And any way yon could be makm' enquiries. I wouldn't wonder if it was worth your while." " I wouldn't wonder," said Martin. He had suddenly quite determined to leave Drumclogher by that nights train, not that he harboured the ghost of a plan respecting California, or any other place on the surface of the blank, unmeaning, doleful earth. One, however, occurred to him an hour or so later, when he looked out of his window and saw his sister Maggie pacing up and down in the little garden strip at the back of the house. He watched her for a while, and then went ont and joined her. Maggie was reading a little old book of devotions, which made her feel as if she were back again in the long, elm-shaded nun's walk at Saint Mary's Convent, where, however, she would not have encountered anything resembling Martin, in his loud-patterned check suit and flaming red tie, bought because he re membered that his mother had liked him to wear a smart one on Sundays. He had no time to spend on preliminaries, and came to the point at once, so that Maggie had scarcely broken, off in the middle of her pBalm, when he wae saying, "Look here,1 Maggie, will I tell you a bit of a secret ? D' you know I've come into a lot of money—a thundering lot. Old Uncle Francis left me every rap he'd got, and he'd made his pile something like. But what I was thinking, 'Maggie, is that if you ] haven't altogether made up your mind to this nun business, you'd maybe come along ] and keep house for me—anywhere you might fancy; ifs all one. And as for spending, by Jingo, you might carry on | like a digger with a big nugget, you might i so. And supposin' feere was trouble with ] those convent people about your breakin' your contract, or whatever it is, why I could stump up any amount; so never you mind that. I've a notion you and I'd get on j together first-rate, and in the matter of ] money, we could live like fighting cooks." Kerrigan knew full well that he was ■ blurting out uncouthly and roughly what he wanted to put forcibly and persuasively, but the knowledge helped him as little as it baa done many other people in like case, and he ended with a convict on that he had mined his own cause, which gives a crude bitterness to the fruit of frustration and failure. Yet in reality eloquence could have here availed him nothing. It would merely have added to his sister's discon certion by rendering less preposterously impracticable this alternative scheme suddenly held up between her and her securely mapped out future. As it was, the incongruity had a reassuring glare. How should there be any link between her destiny and that of this gaunt, harsh featured stranger, whose grizzled, black bearded visage had only now and then a passing look which reminded her .dimly of some long while ago, as his voice jarred familiar with foreign tones in his half unintelligible, slangy talk about,his money. Maggie cared rather less for money than he did himself, and was heartily weary of hearing people discourse about how much and how little of it they had. Could Martin have known, he might as hope fully have offered her one of the glowing marigold discs out of the border at her feet in exchange for her long cherished dream of a life nestled in among quiet, cloistered gardens, and grey walls that niched a tiny white cell, stainless and still as the chamber in a spiny horse- chest nut burr. Any proposal which seemed to seriously menace the realisation of that dream would have struck her indeed with sore dismay, and even now she was so ob viously shocked and startled that Martin felt almost as if he had by inadvenfcurc thrown a stone near some small,, wild creature, whom he did not mean to frighten. Before Bhe had answered, he had read in her scared eyes the fate of his last attempt. ■,to pick up one strand of the old severed ; ; life across tlie chasm of years. "Ah ! 'Martin, don't talk that way. - How could I do such a thing ? It would he just turning back at the gate of heaven," said Maggie, with sincere solemnity, having at the moment a very clear vision of her gentle motherly Novice Mistress waiting there to bid her welcome, of spacious hali and corridor, where the dimmest recesses held the light and incense of tall lilies, of the serene-countenanced sisters chanting in their choir, flecked with ruby and ame thyst under the jewelled window—all seen through the shimmer of a mystical bridal veil. It was no wonder that talk about living like fighting cocks sounded to her scarcely like human speech. " "Well, well, never mind about it then, Maggie girl," said Martin; " it was no more-than an idea I took up, remembering you the jolly soft of little lad you used to be in the old days. You needn't let on I ever mentioned the matter; they'd maybe bother you about it. And I won't say either hut that you may be right to step in there, if you think you've got the chance; anyway, we come across plenty of the other place outside here, as far as I've sampled it. But I'm off by the next train, so I'll say good-bye. And here's a bit of a sort of a shawl-brooch contrivance I got for someone else—she fancied them large-sized, I know. It's a general view of the town and har bour of Sydney, done in silver work. I don't know you would be let wear such a thing, hut perhaps it might come in handy for pinning on your wings with—nuns are a kind of walking angel, as I understand." He went off jocosely, as suited his witti cism ; but Maggie, though on the whole re lieved at his departure, watched his exit with a remorseful twinge, and for the. first time glanced at his request from his own i point Of view. There was something in his walk, as he disappeared among the yel lowing currant bushes, that reminded her of her father; and she wished, uneasily, that Tom and Ellen had not been so stiff, and that she herself had not allowed them to silence her by their glum dumbness when she would have responded to his essays at conversation. However, she con soled herself a little by resolving that she would pray for him a great deal. Martin presently left the farm with every intention of returning thither no more. He neither announced nor denied that be was going vi& Queenstown to Cali fornia, and his brother and sister-in-law displayed a polite reserve about explicitly questioning him on his plans, though, frbm hints which they* let fall, it was evident that they were strongly impressed with the advantages of emigration, especially when directed to the culture of oranges and apricots. Just before he started, he gave a bit of crumpled paper to little sneezing Francy, and the child afterwards exhibited it to his father, observing—" He said it was for board and lodgin'." But Tom Kerrigan snapped it away angrily, saying that.it was only a piece of foolery, and he thrust it far back into a drawer which he seldom-opened—he would have liked to have put it in the fire. It was a ten-pound note. (To be Continued.) 