'T"r1-vtmt-d6::irsee'6w;'-heCriie37" ilyou.-.tvho; "wish to sound 'the mysteries' of /«. > the tomb; what do you see now? ;i ! "fNotlringJ replies the voice of the'stu- ient, calm and cool as ever. l i r:: "('And; you-i are- not afraid?cries.tliQ Spaniard, his manner more scornrui ana insulting still-1-" i . '"lam not' afrmd,,'coinra"hacl£: the : clear; breve voice of the prisoner mtliin, ' while we/ standing on'ho outside' and in ' sight of 'the infernai 'sorcerer's iiicanta- ' tions; scarcely flare to;lopk' at eacli other, ' tojeatispiir disnmy and Buirise. , ! " 'And ' the . phantom said,', cries the . . Spaniard furiously:' ; " ind ibc phantom . said, coming ont from the " 'tomb,' " : "In order that ho mnjrhhb'w mo in truth, j I will bo to my friend prond, hmilingand sweet. As in the.days of our first early youthl" ' "And. again, ceasing his song," he puts his terrible question: 'What do. you see how?' / ' " 'The phantom advancing— hb ' raises ' the veil— it is Francis— Francis Yiatal-/- he approaches- the' table,— he writes — ho has written his name' — — l But before he can , say more the, Span iard resumes, his voice wild and howling; And the phantom said to this mocking man, "Como thou at onco and giro to mo 'i Thy hand to my hand, thy heart to iny heart. And thy lips Where I can kiss thecl" ' " 'Axe yon afraid now? Are yon afraid now?" he repeats, almost with frenzy. A shuddering cry, dying away in a moan, is the student's only answer. . .. " 'I warned him,' said the Spaniard harshly; 'I warned liim howitwould he. You see, messieurs,' turning to address us, 'that I have gained the wager. But let him keep the money. I am content with the lesson given him. He will he wiser in future." And with a grave in clination he walked away, leaving ns thunderstruck at the door of the pavilion, behind which the sonnd of moans still continued. "At last wo opened it to find the stu dent writhing upon the floor, a paper signed with the name of Francis Yiatal on the table, heside him. It was at least an hour before bo had recovered suffi ciently to be aboat again. Then, furious with rage at the treatment he had re ceived from the sorcerer, hoiusisted upon having him brought before him. "But the merchant was not to he fouud, either in or out of the iun. " 'But I will find him,' cried the stu dent, 'and I will kill him on the spot for the impious performance in which he has made me assist." "And soon after, learning from the stable boy that the merchant had sad dled bis horse himself and departed some time ago, he followed him, still swearing instant vengeance. "We never saw him — in fact, we never saw either of them again." "And yet, Uncle Bayle," said Dor othy breathlessly, "you can say there are no such things as ghosts or goblins" "More positively than ever," he re plied. "2s either the Spanish merchant hor the Toulouse student were ever seen /.gain, as I tell you. Ho more were the 30 beautiful quadruples which I and the other guests of the inn had put together to make up the sum of the Spaniard's wager. The two rascals had carried them off between thein, after playing be fore us a comedy which we were simple tons enough to believe, but which I found very dear at the time, when I had considerably less money to spare than at present. —From the French. . „ . 