THE VOICE 01? TIIE DRUM. Tho poot Hoiuo declined thnt ho had a talent for drumming in every limb uud in his feot to u rtiiuarkablti dogrco. It was futrly cultivated by u valiuut tVonoh druuiuior, long quurteroil iu tho quaint town of Dutuiol duri, who hud been with tho Emperor Na poleon in mant of his campaignH. He hud, us Huine declarea, the faoo of a fiend and a heart Uta t» ciugoV* ; a uoaU^ mobtto faco, » foaiful blftok ciouBtcoho, undor whioh his red lips curved proudly, whilo his eyoa Bhot fiory gmnc6s on every rfdo. Littlo follow n« I wns (Ileino .°ny^), T wni for ovor olminnd to bin Mt-, holpinvr him polish hit biittonn and olmlk hi« wliito wnint coa!-.— for M. Lo Ornnd wnn not. indifferent to pleaoinT the oyn. 3 followed him to gmtrd., rnll-ciill, nnr] pnradc ; there wni nothing; but rat.tliriifof nniw nnd fun. M. Lo Cir.ina i-poko only a littlo brolcon Gormnn, hut he could exjini'a hirn'elf per fectly on r.ho drum. For oxnmpl--, when I did not. know whnt tho word libnrlo meant ho bent tbo ' Marroillaino,' and I nndorntood. Tn tho pnmo \vn.y he tantrhf, mo tho ntory of ito events. Itislru.-I could not follow 'ds ; bnt ns he drummed away all thn niw what ho mofint to nay. Yon 1 tho story of tho Btorming 'o, tho taking of tho TnUerka, tt how the drumB boat wlillo whilo sitting beneath n Vo past, I hoard behind rat if voices, bswniling the x. t\ou who hnd been taknn 4 -n War nnd sont to Sibon. d for Bovoral yoara after 4 Raining mj unfortun- ates of Francfl Burn want stared thn. thoir tattered uniform* : a... 'cd from thoir wn«ted itw and mostly Inmo a« thoj thoy hnd a sort of mai stratigely (mwngh, a drummov stnjriqforod at tihe hoed. With nn inward ahudftor I i tho tales of noldiors who, fallen in u . day, rise from tbo field at night, ana, the drum at thoir head, maroh onwai.. their nntivo land. . I And truly tho poor Frenoh dnimmor looked ne if ho had riien from tho grave. ) He was a more nhadow in a dirty, ragged capo, a dend, yellow, fnco, with a great mouRtaehn hanging sadly ovor the shrivelled lip«. His eyes wero like burnt out coal«\ with hardly a iipark still living — yet by ono of theae epnrks I reeognisod M. Le Grand, 'the old drummer I had known as a boy. He know mo, too, and drew mo down upon tho grass; and there we sat oa wo nsod to do in tho old times whon ho taught me French and modern history on tho drum. It wan the same old drum, and I conld not but ?wonder how he had saved it from tho greed of the 'Russians. He began to drum in hin old way, with out speaking a word. But though hin lipn were pressed godly together, hin oyea npoko all tbo more plainly, as they fipork'ed with triumph, whfle he drummed! tho old mnrnhea. The poplsrs near by tre.mblod na ho rattled ont ' March of the Red Guillotine' '?' As' of old, he drummed tho struggle for liberty, the battles, the. deads of tho emperor; andit seemod aa if the drum woro a living creature, rajoioing to utter ito inwnrd delight. Once more I heard the canon's ronr. tho whiBtio of the bnllots, tho ora*h of battlo ; I ga-w.the Guards brave in death, I saw the waving flags, I saw the emperor on his hone. ? But a sad tone orept into the joyons notes, tho drumrbeats gave forth cries whorin the wildest triumph and tho deepest woe wore strangely mingled. It was a triumphal maroh and a dead march in one. Lo Grind's eyes stared like a ghost's, and I saw in thorn a great white field of snow strewn wiffi corpses. It was the Battlo of MOSCOW. ':?-?? ?:??;?.-??. :. .. I would never have believed: that the_ stiff old drum could give such melancholy erics aa M. Lo Grand now draw from its.. It vrea like drumming tears, and now they sounded lower and lower, and sighs came from Le Grand's bosom liko, sad eohoos. He grew yeaker and more giaoBt-llke ; his hands, shook with cold'; he ' sat as in. a dream, drumming in tho air and listening to the fai-off voices.' And then 'lit laRt ho tumodori mo a ' deep, deep, imploring lonk; ' I nndor stood Mm. And thon his head fell forward upon his drum. .-.?': - : r: M. Le Grand never drummed again in this world, nor did hia drum over give out another, sound. Never should it .servo an enomy. of liberty to beat a slavish tattoo. I had under stood Lo Grand's last imploring look ; I drew my dagger and thrust it through the head of .the drum. ' .... '.'* ' .: '' \ 