^romhrcnt (Egptcs, " TUB CHURCH AVII> TIIH niDiiR." In that conspiracy of falsehood, which has contributed more than Anything olse to the longevity of the litest heresy, there is soarcoly anything else so unblushingly impudent as tlist tho use of the Bible by Catholics is discouraged. Tho false wit,noetic* in Bome cases venture a step further by saying that it is prohibited. Even I)r. Goo, tho Anglican Bishop of Molbourne, was not above assailing the Oatholio Church with this discredited weapon of attack. An occasion for doing BO did not present itself, but lie contrived the opportunity by putting upon a papal onoyclical a construction which the plain words of the dooument proveto have bften false. This we ;f£mtod out in ouMubwoding number f mjich more fnUs, and jrtth far more effcity ^WiHtW^eWtioii wns exposed w'UioArohbishoj) of ^liourne in a lottoV"i^fi<Ws%liW«lnoh appeared in both the MelbOUfno morning journals. Tho Archbishop, on Sunday last, followed up the subject by delivering-a disooursoon " Tho Churoh and the Bible," in which the teaching and practice of tho Church is very ably expounded. Tho discourse is an answer to Dr. Goo Buch as it would be well for his Lordship that ho had not provoked, for it will be apt to weaken tho confidence with which some of his people looked up to him for light and loading. In tho whole range of Protestant falsehood thero is nothing more audacious or egregious than tho fiction of which Catholics and tho Bible form the subjeot. As tho Archbishop of Molbourno points out in tho leoturo we have tho privilege of presenting to our readers this wook, tho first book over printed in Europo was tho Catholic Bible, and tho printer—Vou Guttonborg—was himself a Catholio. Luther was born iu 1463, and died in 1846, so that his so-oallod «' translation " of tho Bible could not have been made earlier than 1521. Here is a brief list of printed translations of the Bible before Luther was torn:— Bible of Just, printed at Mayenee 1402 Bible of Bender, printed at Augsburg Bible of Malerni, printed at Borne in Italian ... The Four Gospels, printed in Flemish (Belgian) ... 1407 1471 1472 Tho entire Bible in Belgian, issued «t Cologne ... Bible of Mien Edition of Deift Bible of Terrier, in Spanish Edition ofGonda 1476 1477 1477 1478 1479 After tho art of printing, which was little used until 14G2, and before 15S4, the dato of Luther's German Bible, there were in the vernacular languages of Europe more than 70 editions of the Bible; in Italy, 14 editionB; in Franoe, 19 ; in Germany, 15 ; in Holland, 9 ; in Spain, 2; in Bohemia, 4. Thus it appears that tho oxistenoo of tho Biblo in tho vernaoular languages of Europe is a groat fact that was truo before Luthor was born or tho Reforma- tion started in Germany. To theBe printed translations we may add tho mt number of manuscript copies of tho Biblo scattered throughout tlio world iu tho houses of ooolesiastics And in tho numerous schools established everywhere under Catholio auspices. Of these manuscripts it is on record that 1290 wore done in English, 800 in Gorman, 1294 in Stanch, 1270 in Italian, and 1280 in Spanish. The following particulars, dating farther b»ck, though not pertinent to the issue, are of interest ai illustrating the reverence of tho Oatholio Church for tho Bible. Iu England, in the year 70G, Adholm, Bishop of Sherhurn, translated the Psalter into Saxon. Egbert. Bishop of Lindisfern, translated tho four Gospels into the same, Saxon; and afar these the venerable Bede, who died iu 78ft, translated the whole Bible from the vubate into tho same language. In the reign of Alfrtid, who died in the year 700, (?) a new translation of the Psalms was oommencod 5 *ad jfiltrie, Archbishop of Canterbury, in 996 translated the Ave books of Mosos, Joshua, Job, Judges, Ruth, part of Kings, Esther, and Macoaboes. In England the whole Biblo appeared, according to Usher, in 1270. In the fourtconth oentury Wycliffo issued a second Biblo. Wharton, UBlior, and Wood, in their "Antiquities of Oxford , M speak of Trovisa's translation as tho oldost. It may he added that in 1582 the Now Testament was published at Rhoims, reprinted at Antwerp in 1038; both old and new, at Douay, in 1009 ; revised in 1750, and is now tho Oatholio English version throughout the world. Controversialists usually find that facts are oritioal things to tamper with, but controversialists to whom that experience is a salutary warning have never yet been located at Bishopscourt, East Melbourne. OIUNOR How is it that the polioo are winking at r n o o K S s i o N f l . repeated violations o f the Party Processions Act ? Can it he that Mr. Attorney- General Isaacs is blinking at thoso open infringements of a law tho observance of whioh is essential to tho preservation of tho pence, and that tho officers of tho penco, taking their cuo from him, neglect tho porformanco of a manifest duty. It may not bo a matter of moment to one of Mr. lsnaos' creed that Christians cannot abide in peace. Possibly it would not disooncert him muoh if they camo into {open ^collision, and the publio peaoo wore so broken. If from theso or any other motives he is indifferent to flagrant violations of tho law that might bo attended with very unpleasant consequonces, his insensibility to an obvious duty should bo prickod,and sharply, by some member of the Assembly who doos not approve of experiments on her Majesty's highway into the explosive charactor of gunpowder. There have been several experiments of the kind, without, strange to nny, attracting tho attention of tho authorities. The latost was last week, when the members of No. 8, L.O.I.Y., marched in prooession to the Collingwood Town Hall with the object of celebrating tho "Relief of Derry." Mr. Attorney- General Isaacs should know that tho siogo of Derrv is not an evont which is regarded with as littlo interest nowadays as the older siego of Jerusalem; but if, inexplicably, ho has never learned so muoh, ho should look to tho history of Ireland for information. That Collingwood" procossion vras an insult to Irish Catholics from which Mr. Isaaos would havo protected them had ho not been insensible to his duty and unmindful of his owu interests. If a society, one of the objccts of whioh was to ostracise Jews from publio offioos of trust and emolument, marched, in defiance of law, through the publio streets with bands playing and oaunora flying, and the polioo tolerated the outrage, Mr. Isaaos would, wo think, l>o mucu inolined in that oase to regard their inactivity as a failure of duty. An Attornoy-Gcneral who had sanctioned such an outrage would unquestionably fall under Mr. Isaacs' censure, and we can give him proof that the Orango Lodgo is as intolerant as tho society bitterly hostile to Jows whioh wo havo supposed. Tho following is an extract from a circular issued hy the Loyal Orange Institution of New South Wales at tho general elections in that colony in February, 1889 :— It is hoped that the members of our institution will M one man not upon the expressed opinion of the Grand Lodge, that only tUftft wfcote Protestant |>rtneiplei have been well tried, or VHeoimx>o«% mtdf Known, ehouid receive (heir v o f e i , irreifteetfve of iktir nor- Ocular OPINIO** OH qmttion of the Mr. Isaacs Jknows quite as 'well as vro do what die principles ot the Orange Lodge are, itat for » reason that mil now be apparent it is expedient that some .evidence on the subject ehouid he publicly placed before him. We shall therefore add a statement recently made by Mr. Champion;— There is a Melbourne Orange Lodge— the Qoeen'aOwn—whieh eoniista entirely of publio serrautt. The t*w department officials are teiy pcooinent In it, and one of them. M'Leod, chief elerk in insolvency, is a leading spirit. Whenever a vaoanoy ooonrs, such as that of a sheriff, the organisation is particularly aotive. It assembles in full foroe, from messengers to departmental heads, and, with frantio wavinjs of yellow rags, scares the authorities off the crime of appointing a Roman Oatholie. As Mr. Attorney-General Isaacs may bo too young to havo any personal knowlcdgo of the circumstances which led to the passing of tho Party Processions Aot, it would bo well for him to Btudy the question; and, having done so, to consider seriously why and whoroforo tho Act should bo strictly enforced. Wo have done our port in giving him timely warning that he should not ncgleot his duty in tho matter. In a fow sympathetic com- OA.THOMO MISSIONS IK CHINA. ments wo made last week on the massacre of Protcslnnt missionaries in Cliinn, we mentioned that in Catholic cirolos thero was some uneasiness regarding tho missionaries of the Churoh at Chong-tu. Wo now loam with much regret that theso fears were not unfounded. In a letter which tho " Age" says has been roooived in Warrnamboolfrom Miss Nellie Roberts, who not long sinco loft that place for Protostant missionary work iu China, it is stated that miaftidJiS-MrA ^ttpked and burned abouffhV'Oiid of April; &id; lhnt tho missionijjjep weretheniMdttg focitueir lives. Referring Co^ftwfts if Olym^-tu in the middlVoTauno, t l i o j Y r i t e f f f c y f l : — " The CatholVitf jisloii • heavily, as their fine prentisos wote de&tVoyed.;" She adds :—" I am glad that it is not on account of Christianity that all this is done. Secret societies are at the bottom of it, and throe or four countries will havo somothing to sny about it." Miss lloborts may have some reason for alleging that tho hostility is not to : Christianity, but what has lod her to j that opinion is not apparent, and cortainly it is opposed to tho prevailing impression on tho subject. Wo shall await with docp concern particulars of the attack made on the Catholio mission ; hut Vis Catholics aro not unaccustomed to sacrifices, they will be nblo to regard them, however serious they may be, with a degreo of composure that it would, indeed, bo unreasonable to expect under other circumstances. As our readers IRISR NATIONALISTS must ba aware, AND THE wo have pointed T i i i i G R A i . r A K T Y . out that it would bo impossible for Irish Nationalists to follow in all things tho Liberal party in Great Britain, and I that any coalition botweon them, oxcopt for spocifio purposes, could not bo formed. It has long beon evident to us that tho tendency of what is called liberal politics in Great Britain, as in Franco or other Continental countries, went further on somo questions than Irish Catholics could go, and notably on thoso in which tho interests of religion aro involved. Dear as their nativo land is to Irish Catholics, their allegiance to God has always had with them tho first and highest plaoe. The history of their country is glorious proof to that cftcct. Had they bartered their religion for political bribes, tho bribes would have been rich enough to havo long sinco mado Ireland a blooming garden for her people, instead of being a land for tho exploitation of a scouting and tyrannical government. And we should be sorry if even now, when they aro nearer wan they hare ver before been to the realisation of heir political aspirations, they waVered in thoir faith from motives of politioal expediency. The legislative independence they eo ardently desire has never been to them worth any sacrifice of Oatholie spirit, and no change has taken place that ehouid induce them to altar their opinion, and so prove themselves unworthy descendants of a raoe of eonfessors and martyrs. Unhappily, the occasion ^n whioh Irish Catholics In England had to choose between tho narrow and the broad way oame at the last election. At least, so it seemed to thorn, and it is an honour to them that they aotod for tho most part on that belief. Their political sympathies were with tho Liberal party, but it was of more moment to them that the Christian school should be preserved, and tho Liberal party had resolved to introduoo the scoular system of education if it returned to power. It did not seem to Catholics that in tho County Counoils elections there was any proximate danger to the Christian school, and they voted accordingly, preferring in most cases tho Liberal candidates. Tho danger seemed to them too serious at tho general elections, and religion and conscience consequently prevailed over all other considerations. Their position differed materially from that of their followoountrymen in Ireland, and the difference seemed to require of thorn a sacrifioo of political leanings whioli tho Irish at home woro not called upon to make, From that adhoronce to duty, for which tho conduct of Irish Catholics in Eng- land is so remarkable in this instance, the Irish oauso suffers no small loss, and will bo at a disadvantage for some time to come. That any occasion for so aoting has arisen we much regret., but wo do not at all regret that, taking tho viow they did of tho caso, our fellow-countrymen in England did not vote for Liberal candidates who would abuso tho return of thoir porty to power by initiating a crusade against Christianity in tho public sohool. The latest development is IT inn®- of the disunion which MEDiAHiiR ? is weakening the national causo almost to death has brought Mr. Tim Ilealy and Mr. Justin M'Carthy into angry collision. Things woro bad enough with tho former gentleman flying in tho face of Mr. Dillon and Mr. O'Brien, but thoy are much worse when wo find tho leader of tho party assailing Mr. Healy in angry terms and ho retaliating in kind. Though wo wcro in the best possible position for arbitrating in these disputes, wo should bo sorry to undertake the task, for it is painfully evident that by no mediation, however high and powerful, could the disputants bo induced to amicably sottlo their differences. And tho last thing that would ocour to us is to beoomo partisans in the quarrel ; for one reason because there are faults on both sides, and for another, that we wish to keep ourselves and Irish-Australians generally aloof from theso miserable squabbles. Nevertheless, we could not avoid reference to them unless we gave up all hope of their ending, and doclinod to assist in that good work. Thero is, as it soems to us, only one way by which that might be accomplished, and wo hesitate to rccommcnd it, for its adoption would entail, in one respect, a heavy loss upon tho cause. If tho men who cannot work together wcro to retire from their positions tho country would lose the most powerful advocates , of Irish claims fu the House of Common, but would not tho resulting injury be less than is now occasioned by disunion and dissension? To our mind, a party which appears, from the results of the elections, to have the confidence of the country ehouid not be thwarted in its endeavours by the opposition of any of its members ; but as discipline is not preserved, and apparently cannot be, it amounts to nothing that in theory the majority should rule. Wo have to look to the faots of tho case, and if these, as they appear to do, render it hopeless that the discordant elements can be reconciled, what other course is open than that we havo suggested? From what peo* ONLY A CARCASE i pie may read • in a Melbourne daily paper they we not likely to derive any encouragement to regard a corpse with respeot as having been the temple of the Holy Ghost. Commenting on the •eoond imtano* in which the body ot a deceased Mahommedaa has been consumed by fire on the beach • few milei south of Brighton the llndioal organ de- Boribos A cemctory as "simply A place for depositing refuse matter differing from the Corporation tip in nothing s&vo; that the refuse is not convoyed to it in night oarts." Scientifically this is true, and, to fall in with the advanced ideas of the period, a strict adherenoo to soientiflo truths is absolutely necessary. Even the half-truths whioh spurious soienco favours are, to the modem philosopher or rationalist, preferable to sentiments which have the approval of that antiquated thing known ns religion. Before reason was exalted to the high and imperious position in whioh it cannot tolerate anything Hint cannot bo measured with a yard stick or fathomod with a plumb line, the cometory was known as " God's aero," from which the human body is to rise again on the last day ; and people spoke of death, of the corpse of the Christian, and the grave with reverencc. But under the sway of science and reason, nothing but plain language, whioh calls a spade a spade, is tolerable. To be accurate and enlightened, a corpse must be compared to the carcase of a pig or a dog, and a oemetery to a dung heap. It might be more in harmony with the Christian faith, and with that respect in which it teaches us to regard the human body, in life or death, to avoid such indeoent comparisons ; but even to indooency we must descend if wo would givo tho world strong and convincing proof that wo are quite abovo all weak sentiments that cannot be reconciled with .scientific facts. It goes for nothing that respect for tho human body and for the placo of its sepulture iH natural. Tho human corpse reduced to its constituent parts is aim ply mattor in the first stago of decomposition, and it may, therefore, bo trcatod as the soil is which tho nightman oarts away with him. This is wbat tho readers of one of our daily papers learn from its dissertation on cremation. 