Messrs. Martin & Go. and Tfieir Bmployeea. THE DISMISSAL OP ME. W. H. CABPENTER. A STRIKE AVERTED. The strike which threatened to take place at Messrs. Martin & Co.'s in consequence of the dismissal of Mr. W. H. Carpenter has happily, been averted. I This result is largely due to the action of Mr. Carpenter himself, who was desirous that no such sequel should take place on his account: He attended a meeting of the Boilermakers' Society in Adelaide on Friday evening laBt and in con sequence of his representations the joint committee of the Amalgamated Society of Engineers' and Boilermakers' Society were called together for Saturday evening to re consider their former decision to call out the engineers and boilermakers of the firm fail ing a satisfactory reply to the request that Mr. Carpenter should be reinstated. 3o strong was Mr. Carpenter's desire to avert a strike that he wrote formally to the committee on Friday, decliniqg reinstate ment. In face of this it was of course ns - less for the joint committee to carry out their previous intention to insist o 1 his re instatement by declaring a Btrike. A' tne meeting on Saturday evening a long dis cussion took place, and while th-re was a strong di?p -sition on the part of some to call the men out and thus forcibly resist what wss considered an no justifiable at tempt on the part of tbe firm to interfrre with the men's freedom of speech and political liberty, it was felt that the ground had beeu knocked from under them by tbe dismissed workman himself. A letter was. received from Mes*rs, Martin & Co. on Friday, but it was roach more conciliatory in tone than the previous attitude of tbe firm. They stated that if Mr. Carpenter applied for work when they became busier they would consider the ap plication. Consideration of this letter, how ever, was rendered unnecessary in con sequence of the communication received from Mr. Carpenter who was also present, Tbe action «f Mr. Carpenter in doing his utmost to prevent a strike has been very favorably commented on by townspeople, and the farewell social, which is to be ten dered to bim in the Institute Hall this evening promises to be of a moat enthusiastic nature. Amongst those expected to be present are several labor members of Par liament. Daring hie residence in Gawler. extending over nearly four.years, Mr. Carpenter has been a very active townsman. He was one of tbe founders and the Secretary of the Barossa Political Reform League, a leadfog member and an ex-Vice-president of tbe Institute Literary and Sociological Society, a pro minent member of the Boilermakers' Society and supporter of Unionism generally, a member of the Institute Committee, to wh-ch he was recently re-elected, a lay preacher and officer of the Primitive Methodist Cburcb and superintendent of the Sunday School. Mrs. Carpenter has also rendered valuable aid in: many direc tions. She was organist of the Primitive Methodist Church, a teacher in the Sunday school, and a leading member of tbe W.C.T.U.; and her services will tie much missed. ? ? ? - Mr. Edison's front gate swings open at the approach of a visitor, and closes auto matically. A step in the porcbrings a servant*' bell and also a bell in the 'master?* study. An electrical musical box plays during dinner. la the bedrooms the folding beds unfold by. electricity ;' and- sometimes when Mr. Edison i*3n a mood tor practical jokes bis guests are scared - by the - presence of electrical ghosts at th«? foot of their bed steads. . . 