Football Troubles. The Queen of winter sports is again bespattered with tbe mad which her votaries seem unable to protect her from, slang as it is by the IuhmaelB of greed and pro fessionalism, and by present ap pearances the manly and exciting ' game ie.threatsned|with annihilation, eo discreditable are the recent dis closures. Certain Railway suppor ters appear to have made up their minds that the red and black would gain tbe premiership, by fonl means if it could not be assured by right of the superiority of play, and des cended to bribe the umpire and certain players. Last Thursday the association was seized of the alleged facts, and acted ener getically in the matter, securing tbe services of a new umpire so that the final game could be played; but later developments have proven that the contest should have been postponed, for the Railway, having played and won, and with doubt deserving tbeir victory, are now called npon to submit to tbe ruling of the committee that the match must be played over again, thus endangering tbe loss of their pre miership. If carried into effect, tbe resolution is almost a gratuitous insult (o Mr. Wall, who filled tbe by no means onerous position of umpiring last Saturday, amidst ?now and rain, an already dis credited match, and did his duty to the satisfaction of the com mittee end players. By some un fortunate bungling the committee oftheS.T.F.A. have fallen into the rather common error of the fabled man who carried his ass, and rough adverse comment is being poured npon them by the pltyers. The contretemps is particularly unfor tunate as the game during the seaBtn has been con ducted with great propriety and whilst the attendance of the general public has not been up to previous years, yet ladies have not been shocked at any gross be haviour, either on the part of the players or the excited 'bar- raoksrs,' whilst new clubs have been formed, the members of which have proven themselves worthy exponents, both by virtne of skill and sportsmanlike conduct. Thus everything pointed to a great revival in the winter of 1896. Now all this good work is entirely de stroyed, and players and committee men are at logger heads with one another. There appears to be only one hope for the game that the S.T.F.A. committee having dis qualified the guilty men, should admit to the players that they acted foolishly in allow ing last Saturday's match to be played, and then do their best to bring about a friendly conference and strive to arrange for a contest that will satisfy the public that the clubs ore deter mined to do their best to win by reason of tbeir merits If such a friendly contest cannot be brought about, undoubtedly the Railway hold the premiership; but the game is ruined. Dbab Cmfm».— TherB appears to be a good deal of Mr. Wragge about you. He generally comes out right about the weather, while you appear equally for tunate in yonr predictions about tbe hydraulic sluicing companies. What a pity the standard price of gold is not up i» about 460,000 per ounce' when all the wines, far and near, would give handsome dividends. I am told those experts who Rave such valuable reports are at Coolgardie doing a bit of dry blowing now.— Highly Patabi*. Dear Clipper,— The St. Helen'* Mer cuhy correspondent in the issue ot tbe 14th September, writoB: ' Over 20 seotiona have beon taken up at the Scamander, and I hope to see a lot of men at work there abortl/, as the prospects are bo rich that i should encourage those who have pegged out claims to go to work at once and prove them, and not wait for others to prove their properties for them. There has been too nraou of tim sort of thing going on for years in Tasmania.. It wants wiping out, aa eucu speculators prevent legitimate prospectors from working the mines as they should be. This is true enough, but who i« it that is a party to the BhepWding of the best forma tion in the neighborhood of the town P The Scamander is 12 miles away from bt. HelenV; but how about the Stoney FordP Shepherding, bad as it is, is a less evil than tbeadvocaoy of reform by those who are blooking it day and night, and who in private never lose an opportnnity of repre senting the working man as a lazy, grasping:, unprincipled vagabond. Such people should content themselves with getting free assays and all the secret partiality the Mines offioe cantafford, without neeking to obtain kudos as the poor man's triend. — Youw, etc., Glitter. 