General Booth. Address to Ministers. At tho monthly mooting of the Brlehano Ministers' Union on Tuesday morning there Vas a largo- attendance, in view of a promised address from General Booth. Rev. G. D. Buchanan occupied the chair. and after devo- tional exorcises the secretary introduced the General, who was accompanied by Commis sioner Coombs, Colonel Dowdle, and Brigadier Jeffries. General Booth, who was very heartily recoived, oxprcssed Ids thanks for the invita tion, which he said was not at all uncom mon, ns throughout the colonies, Africa, and Europe, and especially in A morion, ho had rooeived many similar invitations. It was surprising, considering that tho Salva tion Army was so wall known to bo a tagrag and bobtail, that know nothing thoy ought to know, knew nothing of theology, preaohing, singing, praying, conducting a meoting pro- porly : thoy did not evou know liow to dross themsolves correctly, and ought only to ho regarded as natural ouriositics. On tho other hand tho work of tho army had boon so remarkablo that it was no wonder it at- truotcd tho interest of all who, as ministers, woro ongaged in the effort of spreading the Gospel throughout the world. Thirty years ago tho gonoral, tlio colonels, commissioners, captuins, lieutenants, and soldiers were all under ono hat, and ha woro it. Ho then proceeded by way of contrast to mention tho worldwide oxtcnt and work of the urmv. He took no orodit for this. God had done ft. Ho thought soveral things had oontrinuted towards this success — tho government of tho army had helped tliom along — its autocracy, its popedom. Everybody know Gonoral Booth was a ropo, and when liis ministerial brotliren Baid so under th' ir breath lio was apt to reply, " Don't you wish you wero ?" Few if any of them could got their deacons and officers and ohuroh members to go at tho word of command into the public-houses and brothels and slums to give invitations to a meeting. But what oould thoy do without discipline? When a man said ho would bo a soldier he know it moant he must oboy orders, and this spirit had spread to such an extent that ho was now obliged to tell his soldicra ho did not want them to ho mora mauhinos. This throw ing the responsibility upon their men had helped them. Their employment of women had helped thorn vory muoh. Their oflloers woro tlio piok of thoir corps. Tliey did not look for a know ledge of Greek and ability to road tho original touguo, hut they wutohed ono another for brains and grnco ; and with brains and grace thoy conld conquor tho world for Christ. He tlieu spoke of tho condition of the world us urgently needing something. Tho nominal Christians woro hut a mora handful, and whut an empty, hollow, unmouning thing tho mass of nominal Christians wcro ! Thoy would not givo their monoy without resort to all kinds of dodges. What was tho good of it? "What was tho good of a roligiou that only applied to Sundays, and then only if it did not rain ? Tho masH of nominal Christians wero absorbed in money-making, pleasuro, and gambling, and twenty thousand other things. Tho tide of vico was rising outsido tho Ohuroh, and tho tido of infidelity within. Ho had scon many churches swamped with worldliness, fusliion, heartlessnoss ; and tlio red-hot religion of Jesus Christ was tho only religbn of any use. There woro three or four considerations whioh would help to thoir suoocss. 1. Realisation. If tho Bible was true, what olso was tlioro in tho world worth mentioning in the samo day of the woolcP Let them roaliue it, realiso that thero is a hcavon, that thero is a boll, that tlioro is a judgment day, that thoro is a great God. That was almost enough —to realise that thoro is a groat God, loving, pure, holy, good, just, round about thorn ovory hour. Realiso that Jesus died upon tho cross, that tlio Holy Ghost wnu given to help men to master thoir passions, sins, lusts, holp them to oonquor the world and tho dovil. Tho man who rcnlised those things, would preach, talk, visit, minister to tlio afflicted, and would succeed. 2. Consecra tion wan next wanted, not only on the part of ministers. Pray, who was it evor miulo two standards— one for tho missionary and minister and nnothor for tho ohuroh inombor? Whntovor thoy possessed muBt ho luid upon tho altar to fight God's battlo and win the world for God. What wero thoy goiug to do with life? what with education? If only to servo thomsolves, plcaso tho world, and go to bell, thon it was thrown away. 3\. Testify. Go and toll peoplo you havo got something from God, not merely from the Biblo nor from tho minister. Testify and then go on to porsuado and argue, not about the truth of tho Biblo, leave that to take care of itself, nor about theology. Assuino that tiieso things aro so and thon porsuado mon to givo their ' souls to God. His last point was compulsion. Thoy would not lot a fellow drown in tlio river, hut would pull liiin out. Thoy would not go to him hogging him to allow them to assist him in his difficulty, but tlioy would catoli him by tho liuir of the lioad, unywlicro, and drag him out. So it should bo if thoy beliovod peoplo wore drowning in Bin. Thoy had the sword, and must run it into men's hearts, stab tliem with tlio truth, not merely priok tlio skin, for tho devil wont to ovory mooting with a great piaster in liis hand, and when only the skin was prioked ho Btuok on tho plaster, but if tho haart was stabbed ho had to turn away. Tho Geueral resumed his scut amidst ap plause, and a cordial vote of thanks having been accorded, he briefly replied. The renewing appeared In enr Secend Edltien yesterday. 