PITIABLE ARMENIA. It seems possible that the diplomacy of the " unspeakable Turk " may, after all, prevail, and the hideous crimes com mitted in Armenia go unwhiptof justice. The Porte has hitherto maintained its resistance to the demands of the Great Powers up to desperation point, on the chance that the Powers would sooner or later disagree amongst themselves, a con tingency which, when the Eastern question is concerned, is always immi nent ; and the latest cablegrams show that this is exactly what is happen ing. Franoe aitd'&Usfcia; ? Jiave parted company'"With England 011 the Armenian question f tnd- s {hftr&iil; ? be for Eng land a\ perplexity and far' 'ill-fated Armenia1* -tragedy. S^xxGiAfi'sTONE, in his recent speech' lat :Cliester, condensed the tale of Turkish deeds in Armenia into four words, " Murder, plunder, "rape, torture," each grim word being emphasised with shaking forefinger and Sashing eyes on the part of the speaker, and punctuated with a tempest of ap plause on the part of the hearers. And in the Contemporary lleview Mr. E. J. DILLON spreads those four hideous words out into an article of thirty eight pages, forming <me of the most terrific indictments ever drawn up against: a civilised or semi - civilised power, each charge being supported by names, dates, places,personal interviews with the sufferers, official documents, &c.; Mr. DILLON say6, in brief, that " murder, j "plunder, rape, torture " are not the acci-1 dents of Turkish administration in | w.truT'a, but its settled policy. From! 1847 to 1891 the story of Turkey in Ar- i menia was one of shameful misgovern- i ment, but from 1892 to 1894 its policy has been one of frank extermination. The Christian subjects of the Sublime Porte are to be killed out, or driven out, in order that a political complication may be ended. So the wild Koords of the hills are armed and grouped into pre datory bands, and launched upon Armenian villages with unwritten but perfectly understood license to burn, plunder, ravish, slay. " Why should Mohammedans be ** punished for killing Armenians ?" Asked one of these Koord irregulars i of ^ Mr. Dillon JjiitiBelf. "It is " unheard of!" J^fliand of Koords at an A^&niaa; village much ?[Mqpack of Jingoes might break a paddock of lambs. .(|0jipder comes first, rape follows. All ypung girls of the community are or .hunted out, and subjected to c ioutxfgpsami this devil's tragedy tnufder. Turkish officials '.in these peifoim-' jnipney, bu^ you to me, for taxes," to an " Christian woman of adult age can " bo found in Armenia who has " not been outraged by Koords or "Turks. And this goes on daily.' One of Mr. E. J. DILLON'S griin inter views was with an Armenian woman of about twenty-eight, clothed in ragged pieces of dirty carpets, with a wasted boy of twelve at her side who looked like a typhus patient. She fell into the hands of a band of Koords when taking bread to her husband in the field : " ' They struck me on the head and dis honoured me. That was in the daytime.' .... 'It was at noon, mother, when father uspd to oaf his bread, that they did that to you,' broke in the ghost of a child. I never in my life witnessed anything more horrible than the sight of these two friend less, hopeless wretches, trembling in the cold, the dying child thus simply bearing witness that his mother was dishonoured in the fields by the Koords. 'Then when my husband was sowing com All Mahmed came up and killed him.' ' With an axe, mother,' said the boy !" In some cases the unhappy Armenians complain to the Turkish authorities, and then discover that not to commit " murder, plunder, rape, torture," but to complain of it, is the real crime. They are cast into prison, tortured, plundered, starved. " If," says Mr. DILLON, " the " old English Star Chamber, the Spanish " inquisition, a Chinese opium den, the " ward of a yellow-fever hospital, and a " nook in the lowest depths of DANTE'S " hell be conceivcd as blended into one, the " resultingpicture willsomewhatrcsemble " a bad Turkish prison." Mr. DILLON, it may be added, gives picturesque but un quotable details which amply justify this description, and hints of still further varieties of bestial torture from whose details even his courageous pen shrinks. It may be asked, perhaps, What is England's concern in all this ? She can not undertake to be the policeman of the planet, a human Providence for the entire family of man, the knight-errant of the nations, avenging the villainies committed under all skies. She pays one great debt to humanity by keep ing a squadron in African waters to suppress that " sum of all "villainy," the African stave trade. Why should she constitute herself the champion of the Armenians ? But the significant fact is that by the Berlin Treaty England, with her co-signatories, practically constituted the unfortunate Armenians their wards. Armenia might have been an independent principa lity under a Russian protectorate to-day, but for the intervention of Eng land. As part of the price of staying the march of the Russian columns on Constantinople England bound the Porte to the humane treatment of its Christian subjects, with a right of intervention if Turkey failed to carry out its contract. What is the net result of England's inter vention ? " We solemnly abolished purga " tory," says Mr. DILLON, "and deli " berately connived at the inauguration " of hell!" It is the shadow of England's flag and the shelter of England's power which make possible the extermination of a Christian people by Mohammedan atrocities which recall NANA SAHIB and Cawnpore. A memorial signed by 306 of the principal inhabitants of a certain Armenian district declares that " the " butchery of Sassoun is but a drop in { " the ocean of Armenian blood shed "gradually but silently all over the " empire since the late Turko-Russian j "war." Mr. DILLON himself de-j clares that the massacre of Sassoun was " a divine mercy compared with the " hellish deeds " which are going on over the whole area of Armenia. " If "the late Liberal Government," lie adds, " had arranged for the painless " destruction of Armenian men, women, " and children " it would have been a humane act compared with the permission of the actual atrocities committed. " The " Armenian people," says one touching memorial, " are at the last gasp. Is " European sympathy destined to take. " the form of a cross on our graves?" The natural and non-political man, at least, must vehemently desire that Euro pean sympathy might take the form of the thunder of avenging cannon off the Golden Horn, and the carrying out of,the " bag and baggage " policy as far as the unspeakable Turk is concerned. The Rev.Dr, Torrance, of St, John's, La trobe-street, was criticised byaome of the newspapers with some freedom when he recently preached a sermon op sport, with a special dig at bicycling. Op. Wednesday, September 11, with tbe Acting Governor in the .chair, Dr. Torrance "delivered ® two hours* lecture on the press and ite functionsi Tbe object was principally to instrnct the newspapers. -Some very sensible remarks were made by the Acting Governor, who aptitfe up for sport, and, as to the press, said that ita influence depended on thetadiraceit wasableto ieenre. :W«apre» mttchbettex 