A REAL GHOST. BY SOLOMON GILLIES. Perched like an eyrie on a high beetling promontory overlooking tbe Dornooh Firth, in Sutherlandsbire, there stands an old bouse whicb for five generations has braved the storms and withstood the rude blasts of that bleak wild ooast. . Stanley Manor, as the weather-beaten mansion is called, has been in the possession of a family named Auohinleck sinoe it was built, and has never changed hande. Each suooeeding generation has evinced an increasing pride m the ancient rooftree whioh their forefathers set, and albeit Stanley Manor haa from its foundation been dreaded by all tbe surrounding distriot by reason of its being haunted by a ghost, the owners of the mansion have lived on in peaceful oooupancy, nothing daunted by the mysterious sounds which are often heard at dead of night, and the timid looks of erstwhile visitors when approaching the uncanny dwelling. Singular to relate the ghost of Stanley Manor never assumed the same form twice in succession. At times it appeared as a shadow passing across a room, again the firm military tread of a man marohing through the hall at midnight, or anon the low moan of some one in suffering would resound throughout the subterraneous vaults beneath the dining-iooui; but apart from the inBtauce about to be related the Stanley ghost never assumed a tangible shape. It was Halloween, and a goodly number of my father's more intimate friends were invited to spend the afternoon and evening at Stanley Manor. The gueBt of tbe evening was a young gallant, heir presumptive to an adjoining estate, on whom my mother looked with longing eyes as a desirable suitor for the hand of my sister Phyllis, but who in the eyes of my father, brothers, and sisters, inoluding Phyllis, appeared as the quintessence of a braggart, coward, and fop. On the evening in question this jackanapes waB making himself peculiarly obnoxious to my brothers and sisters on account of his impertinent familiarity while addressing himself to Phyllis and to mj father by his continuous chatter about the bravery displayed by bis predecessors in the field with the clans in bygone day*, and the total indifference to fear which, through their example, had been inherited by him. Towards midnight, and shortly after the guests had partaken of supper, a youug lady visitor was singing, and so beautifully sweet was htr voioe as it thrilled throughout tbe spacious room tbat each one present sat in silent admiration. Towards tho end of the second verse a servant blanched with fear, and, trembling in every limb, rudely burst into the room and shrieked— "Oh, sir, there's someone knooking at the hall door, and I'm sure it's the ghost." Had an aerolite fallen from the sky and crashed through the roof of tbe house no scene of greater consternation would it have caused than the sudden inrush of the terrorstricken servant at thie moment. Ladies screamed and fainted, children olung to their parents, and a favourite oat which had been dozing on the hearth rug sprang upon my mother's back, and stood with dilated eyes and hair and tail on end glaring at the open door. Fear was depicted on every countenance savethat of my father, who sat with his large keen blue eyes steadily scanning the face of his undesirable son in-law to be, while a merry smile played about the corners of his lips as he oomplaoently stroked hiB long moustache. "Strange hour of the night for any one to be abroad," he remarked, "go and t6UJames tot>p?n the door." "Oh, sir, James is frightened, and is hidden in the pantry ; he will not go, sir." " Then I must," my father rejoined. "Come with me, McDonald, and let's see who dares disturb us at this untoward hour." McDonald rose with a eickly hue overspreading his bloodless oheeks, and slowly and reluctantly followed my father towarde the door, struggling the while to hide his fear. "Who's there?" demanded my father in peremptory tones, but the only answer was three knocks, olear and distinct, on the panel. The gueatR, most of whom had sufficiently recovered from their fright, now crowded to- wards the hall and awaited in breathless Btlenoe tbe issue of events. My father now firmly grasped the door handle, and McDonald, who was a pitiable sight to behold, elunk behind him and peered with eyes transfixed with affright over his shoulder. " What's there?" once more thundered forth my father's voioe, but still no answer save the measured rat-tat-tat, aud without a moment's further delay tbe handle was turned and tbe door thrown open, when in waddled with roguish blinking eyes and gently swaying neck an old white goose. 