The Deeming Case. How the RainhiH Discovery was Made. (Continued,) Mrs Mather, and her daughter, Mrs Pickering, were both at home when Mr Lowe called, and was shown into t he neat little parlor, with its horse- uau . sora ana arm-chair, its cheap (rerman prints, on the wall, and its . square table in the middle of the f room, with a brass bound family Bible lying mathematically on the table. It was wonderful bow readily Mrs Mather talked. She had bad the letting of Dinham-villa, which be longed to Mrs Hayes, and applicants to view the property bad to come to her for the key. Mr Williams wished f to take the house, and when be came for the key he saw Emily. He fell very much in love with Emily, and al most at once proposed marriage. The marriage came off in a very short time, and was celebrated by a dance in Dinham-villa, in the kitchen, which had been newly cemented. Certainly some of the neighbors had blamed her for allowing her daughter to marry a man whom no one knew anything about, but he was a free-handed, well- spoken man, and he had promised her a good liouie. They were very happy together, and Emily had written several letters home since they had left. Her last letter was dated from Colombo, hut her husband had written from Melbourne. Next morning,' The Argus,' away on the other side of the globe, published an interview, three-quarters of a column long, with the mother of the hapless .Lancashire girl whose remains had been dug up a few days before from the cemented grave in the house ut Windsor. It was the first of a series of perhaps the most remarkable coups ever known in the history of Australian journalism. Backwards and forwards between London and Liverpool wont the rest less Mr Lowe, collecting and piecing together all the ravelled ends of hear say, all the tangled strands of infer ence, all the stray fibres of circum stantial and direct evidence, until he had made a rope strong enough to hang a man. And yet he was only at the commencement of his task. It was strange ho .v that other woman, the sister or, more probably, the wife of Williams, who had visited him in liainhill with her four children, kept on intruding into Mr Lowe's busy brain. She quite upset his calcula tions. It was odd that, in spite of all liis efforts, he could find no trace of her whereabouts. She and her four children were like so many unquiet ghosts that refused to he laid until they were avenged. A vague idea came to him, stayed, with him, finally possessed him. He hurried from London to Raiuhill once more and hunted out Ben Young, the man who had cemented the floors of the kitchen and scullery in Dinham- villa under instructions from Wil liams. Where did you get the cement from, Ben ? was the first eager ques tion. It wur in the cooch 'ouse, said Ben. To the coach-house accordingly they went, and sure enough they found there three empty barrels which had evidently contained cement. Did you use all the cement ont of the three barrels ? asked Mr Lowe. Naw, said Ben Young. How much did you use then ? For Heaven's sake, hurry up my good man. It's a matter of life and death. Ben Young collected his thoughts deliberately. A laaid doon the stoof oot o' two o' they barls, he replied, with irritating slowness. A knaw nowt aboot this 'ere other wonn. It wur empty afoor a goot tha job. Then a great light flashed in upon the amateur detective's brain. Where the missing barrel of cement is there I shall find the missing woman also, said Mr Lowe half to himself, and darted off to submit his ideas to Sergeant Chipchase, the local constable, withwhomhe hadat onceconclndedan offensive and defensive alliance against the outside world. Sergeant Chip- chase laid the facfti before the district superintendent, an official named Kelly, and the digging then began in Dinham-villa under Mr Lowe's direc tion, a digging the result of which most gruesomely verified the calcula tions which that far-sighted individual had worked out. And bo it was that this Childo Roland to his Dark Tower came. Four sweating constables armed with pickaxes carried out this strange exhumation. Under the stone floor of the kitchen they came upon the cement from the third barrel, and in the cement they came upon the bodies of a woman and four children. The woman and three of the children had their throats cut from ear to ear, and the fourth child had been strangled with a piece of clothes-line, which was still round its neck. Mr Lowe had an unusually interest- ing cable message to send to ' The Argus ' in Melbourne that afternoon, and in just a week from the day on which be received his first instructions he sent a complete report of the mur ders which he had been mainly in strumental in discovering, and with which all England was ringing some hours later. When the story of the Rainhill murders were published in' The Argus' alone of all the Melbourne papers next morning Albert Olive Williams, alias Frederick Bailey Deeming, was already on his way from Southern Cross in custody. If the Windsor charge broke down, the Rainhill case would hang him safely enough. 9 9 .9 9 Ah ! Mr Lowe, glad tc see you, said Superintendent Shore next day, Btretohing out his hand . cordially to his visitor. Let use congratulate you upon the smartest piece of detective work that has been done in England for many years. The End. 