Our Esk Letter. -:o0: [Fano OGn Own CeBwRPenDEnT.) BACHELORS' eOoA. A social, in return for that tendered by the ladies a short time ago, was given by the bachelors in the Tbwn Hall on Friday evening. A large number of invitations were distributed\ throughout the district, and, in response, about eigly persons, mostly young people, met to spend the evening. The hall was taetefully decorated with evergreens and .tgs. The chief amusement of the evening was dancing, though there were provided draughs, chess, cards, dc., for those who preferred such means of whiling away the time. The committee had made arrangements for an ample supply of refreshments,, which were handed round about midnight. At inter vals, songs were rendered by Messrs A. H. Thompson, R.. Thorn, Collins, and J. J. Noonan. A comic farce, "Grandmother's Ghost," given by Messrs. Butland, Finni more, eaind Hohnes, wasvery amusing. The music we?piovided by Messrs.H. L'Grory and B. M>Cormack (viblin),. assisted by Mrs. Coulsan and Mr. R. Thorn (piano). The gathering broke up at an. early hour in the morning, all seeming to have thoroughly enjoyed themselves. The thanks of the committee are due to, every one wlho assisted in making the evening a success, espeially those who kindly pro vided the musie. CBRICKET. Mr. C. Chro, of the Esk Cricket Club, has just received from Mr. Con. Taylor the bat presented by that gentlemep for the highest batting average in the association. The bat (a Lillywhite and Prowd) is the re cipient's own choice, and as hope to, see him using it ~efetively during the coming season. \- STO0K PASSINGS. Two hundred and sixty-s·iven head of fat bullocks passed here on the P;th from Glen Hearding to Brisbane, Cox and Seeley owners, J. H. Moore in charge. About 800 cows passed on the 28th for the Meat Works, J. and W. H. Moore owners, W. Smith in charge. BUSH FIRES, From the amount of smoke drifting across from the west during the last two days it was evident that there must be extensive bush" fire sinsewhare in 'the 'isihity, end rep'srtasta?at a la~rge qusntityof'g iss has been biunt and is still burning. The Divisidndl Board have posted hotiees warn ing peoifons iignst leapvig firesonreserves or rodds:. J?une 29. 