Ijjegislaitfre f^ssemfrlg, ? Tuetday, 20th August, 1895. F ' ? |F«W ef Settlers in the Blaekicood District re m, BaHvay Rente — Use of Dredge on Hit Camay R J&eer;— Legislation re Ground Vermin, and Bird U, J'-eats—Mcultaar aud Tfu-atre Refreshment Booms If. licensing SHI; rcpeit — Married WcmeiCs Pro R jwrigr BUI; ur committee— Depositing Sto*e,$c, 1-V'W -fitper at Body Let/; Leyidativc CovnciPs Jk «*a-dmea; in comtni.Ui — Estimates, 1896-96; |i i* committee — Croien Unils Hill: first reading — W Sale of Goods BUI: fr.-t reading—Free BaUucy K FassesGrauUd, 1804-iiii—AdjoarnmfMt. jStan SPfiAKEE took the chair at. 4.30 jplock, p.m. pPBAYlaffl. BJTHON OF SETTLERS IN BLACKWOOD fe DlbTMCT re RAILWAY EOUTB. Pfe. HABPEB, on behalf of Sir J. G. Lxk ruiuc, presented a petition, signed by Mr. lift. Williams and other settlers in the lackwood district, praying' that the route of fe Blackwood railway should be vi& Brook knpton and Thompson's Brook. F Petition read and ordered to be printed. '??. i Vsh OF DEEDGB ON THE CANNING '', RIVBR. LMr. BANDELL (for M-. Jajtks) in accord pee with, notice, asked the Director of public Works (1) the time daring which the fcedge 'Black Swan ' had been employed on be Churning Biver; (2) the work done, its tat, and the object for which it had been— nS wa* being done ; (3) the amount of -work p fee done, and the time expected to be taken It dung it. §3fea dibectob op public wobks (Bon.H.W. Venn) replied as follows:— (1) Mice August, 1892, to date; or, say, three toyeais exactly. (2) Work done.— 7,250 fewsal feet, or about one and two-fifths miles K channel dredged to a minimum depth, of Boot 4ft at low water, with the exception of gEme sOied tip patches, which will require fcrthexdeepenmg. This channel has been piled, Paked, and wattled thronghont the greater part of its length, and wherever deemed B'wnnHiUji. Minor accessory works have been executed in the way of general improvements, the Jabor has been practically all convict. -S). Cost to date, .£3,113. U5OI8LATIOK « C I: iUND VERMIN AND ? ', BIBD STS. ] Mb. VIBSSB, in ;. .rdanoe wifli notice ?sired the Attorney-General whether it was the intention of lie Government* daring this Session of Parliament, to introduce a measure dealing with the destruction of ground vermin and bird pests. ATbm ATTOBNEY-GENEBAIi (Hon. 8. Bart) replied that the Government had so Attention of introducing a measure of the Character referred to in the question of the 'han. member. BAH.WA7 AND REFRESHMENT BOOMS ?,.' LICENSING BOX. \- . BBPOBT. \- ' Upon the reading of the amendments made Rh committee, rTn - ATTOENET-GENEEAIi - (Hon. S tBurt) moved that the amendment made in '£lause 1 W not agreed to. He said this amendment was rendered unnecessary by the 'form in which the IV.1' had passed through Committee. ? ? Motion put and passed, and t-t'* amendment Struck oat accordingly. I ?: p Semainder of Committee's amendments {'agreed to and report adopted. 1} Mb. EANDELL asked the Attorney I -General to have the Bill reprinted with the r;, numerous ammn^-moTitHj so that hon. members i might see a fair print of the Bill before the *v. jjhird reading. ; ?? Thb SPEAKER said he approved of the ,; suggestion in its application to Bills gener ally, when amended; and the idea had often 'Soccnrred to him that such a course would be ;: convenient, as a general practice, so that hon. -;- members might see each Bill in its amendpd Jfon before the third reading. '-* Ordered, that the third reading be made an Order of the^. Day for Thursday, 22nd ^August Lv :;'. MARRIED WOMEN'S PBOPSBTX BH.L, \- - Clanse 1 : t Aereedto. j$' Clause 2 — 'Costs maybe ordered to be paid *Y out of property, subject to restraint on antir r-«pation': f ??''_. Mb. JAMSS asked why the word 'woman' 1%/ma used in the second line, and whether IS there was an object in so using the word. If: Thk ATTORNEY - GENERAL (Hon. 6. I'1 Bart) said this Bill had come down from the wfr.; 'Upper House, where it was introduced by a t private member; but although he (tiie Attor I ' iey-GenerJ) had promised to introduce the I:--. - Bill into this House, he had not studied its ¥ provisions closely, The word 'woman' in %'. tliis Bill meant a married woaaa. -**' Mb. JAMES moved, as an amendment, that f..i the words ' against a woman or' be inserted ' after the word 'instituted,' in the first line. . '. -v- Tiie rule provided in the clause should apply .'- to both cases. -'._. Amendment put .-uid passed. '. - Clause, as amende.], agreed to. :? dan&CB; 3 and 4 : k Agreed to. \- ', ' Claiiae 5 — 'Lost i''a'i : ; - Mb. JAMES exv. -«d regret that no pco ..f -vision was made iu ?: ''^ Bill for meeting what \- ]j0 regarded as a. fcandalcKia omission in Hie English Act, which pcrinittedamarried woman ;?-' 'who had a large separate income to keep it V: ?? from the reach of creditors, instead of paying K- ber jvut debts. Married women were, under f '?' ? ?gig English Act, giv-i a very wide protection hJ: fs concerned propeitj of which they had not ?v got the power of disposal; but the law went |^ farther, for a married woman might have a 5-' largn income which could not be got at by *? ereditors for the payment of her debts, and iV!, there was no means provided by which appli K^1 eatioa could be made to a judge for an order Pi.'-' ' *o apply P'* °* tne i1'501116 m such ease for fife itte purpose ti paying the woman's debts W:''Sa regretted that no provision was made in ¥l '? i^ Bin for dealing with such a aoaadalouB ft «l»te-of «ungs. fer '??-' TH»ATTOENBY- GENEBAL(Bim.S.Burt) pi r^palai that, if tiie has. member desired to B^--- ? ? propose an amendment in ti*e direction, he might move to report progress. On the motion of Mr. JAMES, progress was reported and leave given to ait again. DEPOSITING STONE, tc.. IN BIVEB AT ROCKY BAY. liOISLATIVE COUNCIL'S KBSSACB-^N COtOtimM. Message farther considered. Thb DfEECTOS OP PUBLIC -WOBKS (Hon. H. W. Venn) said it was necessary that tiiis House should present a replgr to the message received from the Upper House. He therefore moved that the following reply he forwarded to the Legislative Council-.— ' In reply to Message Wo. 1 from the Legislative Council, the Legislative Amembly acquaints the Legislative Council that it appointed a Select Committee to enquire into the matter vreferred to in the said message, and the Com mittee has reported— 'That, in the opinion of tiie Committee, no further encroachment in the frontage should be made or allowed by tipping sand cr stone into the rivfer than would be shown by a line drawn parallel with the yellow line as shown on chart No. 3,729, being at least 10 clear feet within the said yellow line,* and fiat the Legislative Assembly agrees in the above report.' He eaidit would be well also to send with the reply the chart referred to in tiie motion. Question put and passed. Eeaolution adopted. Beport adopted. . Ordered, that tiie resolution beiteansntttted by message to the Legislative Council. ESTIMATES 18954. ik comarrra. ^ Debate upon Sir John Forrestte motion, That the first vote, 'His Excellency «» Governor,'' stand at ^1,«6— conjanued. Mk LEASE : In referring to U» Budget proposals of the Govemmerit at tins staice, I take it that it is not desirable that hoia.,inem bers should dwell at unnecessary length t*°n the details of the Estimates, and, therefore, guided by that rule, they can shorten the dis enssion on the first item in a very material manner. Certainly I shall reserve for myself tiie privilege of criticising the Estimates, and particularly tiie estimates of the Public 'Works and the EaUways Department uotoewhat minutely. TheseBstimatesIfind, after careful «x8XDination,'do not materially differ torn **&- mates of previous yean except in this respect, that the departments are larger and conse- ^ quently there are more salaries to be paid, and there is this new departure, that sums axe being voted out of the revenue for the pur poses of public works. That suggestion, I think, came from the Opposition side of tiie House during last session, and I am glad to tfunk: that the Government have seen fit to adopt it. I am eorry that the hon. member for West Perth should ridicule the idea. I say again that it was a principle -which was urged witii coneider*He force on tin* aide of the House, and particularly when we were criticising tiie loan poBcyoftiie Government. r _^ ? j. IL.^^ma liiif oilmit. tilA± SO £mT AS this principle is concerned, there is little in these Budget proposals for hon. members to cavil ait, and I think most hon. members desire to acknowledge that the Government is right when tiiey are right, and to attack them only when they find a proper-opening. Me. Simpson: Hear, hear. Mb. T-KATTE- There is no such opening for hon. members on this side of the House. Witii regard to tiie general principles disclosed by the Budget, hon. members on both sides of the House cannot but congratulate them selves, and congratulate tiie country, upon *va o-«m»»ia ini-rao.-« that anoeaiB to have been made during the last 12 montiis. It is fortunate, indeed, that circumstances allow us to be as liberal as it is proposed timt ihsse ? Estimates shall be, and I congratulate tiie country most heartily upon its sound financial position- Ciroumstances such as these should, and I have no doubt wSlL be taken ad vantage of by Parliament, and it k satis factory that, at any rate for the time being, the policy of borrowing iB checked or sus pended. But the Government have eiifl tiie opportunity of riding what appears to be tiieir favorite bobby, that of spending money. Well, the only question we asK hon. members to consider is this— £s the expenditure justified and merited in tiie particular circumstances ? There is one point which occurs to me in the consideration of these Budget proposals, and it is one which hon. members have heard of before and wBl hear of again before thiB session closes,, or at any rate, Wore this Parliament comes to an end, and it is this, that we ebould be more liberal ttiaii to have been in regard to oar taxation; and I affirm most positively that had these Estuhates been before fur1'''1* at tiie time when tiie Tariff proposals of the Government werepamwd. there would have been less difficulty in extending tiie schedule of the Bill, and placing certain articles on the free lisi and in Aopttng tbe suggestion which I made, to reduce those ad valorem duties of 20 per cent, and 25%-ercettt^ which at tiie present moment ate undoubtedly a 'irtLZ upon VUB coTnmwniyjf. ™» ou»»»«— — «.»« had a greater opportunily of 'reducing ? tiie cost of living, and the costs all round, had we known what the Budget proposals of tiie Government in detail were to be. lam more convinced than ever of the necessity for the reduction of our Customs taxation, and parti cularly am I mo ved in this direction, when I consider the estimate of the revenue for the ensuing year j and whilst tiie Premier congra tulates himself upon a certainly large in. crease, and he desires also to be on the mfa side in under-estimating the revenue for the pn°';'g year, I cannot but express ihe opinion, which I know I am supported in by many hon. members, that the. surplus revenue for tiie next year wfll considerably exceed the Hon. the Premier's estimate, and willexoeedit by a far greater sum than ought, under the circumstances, to appear. I have often heard the hon. member for Geraldton say it is not safe to prophesy unless you know, but I shall not be surprised if we find on Jane 30, 1896, that the Hon. the Treasurer is able to inform tiie country that he has a surplus of .£200,000, or £250,000. I only hope my. prediction will be realised, and hon. members will-4m4 ^ am gnxe, blame me for being over-enthusiastic or over-hopeful; but tfcereis nothing what ever to show tiiat the progress of the country is being hindered in tiie slightest degree. On the other hand we have evidence to con vince us «»at our progress i* really only, just beginning, and that we must daring next year P^ntmna «t«»rjrfl»aat rate or at a .imwlsr ? ? ^ rate of progress than we are at present ex periencing. In many departments there are increases for salaries, and whilst on this sub ject, I would express a desire to see some role laid down with regard to the different ap pointments in the public service. Instead of having these iilO a year increases, I would much prefer to see attached to each office, a certain fixed salary by which means tiie service oif man wortiiy of the whole of the salary voted, would be secured. The present idea of giving an increase of £W or £15 a year cannot be satisfactory to the Government. It is unsatisfactory to hon. members, and it must indeed be unsatisfac tory to the clerks. I am certain that Minis ters must be beset just before the session begins with repeated and frequent applica tions for increases, and in order to smooth matters over, I have no doubt that they pro mise an increase of ^filO or £16, and so the unfortunate applicant is satisfied for the moment. Of course we cannot settle the question iu a debate of this kind, but I throw out the suggestion to tiie House, as well as to the Ministry, and if hon. members agree witii me, we may succeed in pass ing some resolution which would have the effect of establishing some rule bringing this idea into operation. It will be admitted by hon. members, if they take the trouble to examine critically and closely tiie Estimates of tiie public service, that tiie junior clerke are more than suffici ently paid in comparison with higher omcers. For instance, s- lad just leaving school is fortunate enough sometime* to get s, salary of .£100 a year. I notice the Hon. the Premier shakes his head, but the phrase 'just leaving school'' may, after alL be excepted with certain qualifications; but we find that boys get very fair remuneration for the services they give to tiie State, whereas men who have been in tiie Service 10 or 12 years, ate, as compared with those boys, underpaid. I hope hon. members understand that I am not «LJ«i™g this question witii any view of adversely criticising these Estimates, but rather to assist tits Government in establish ing what should be a proper bads of favor. Begarding tiie proposed increases, I wish to make reference to tiie Medical Tote. Anew departure in the Medical Branch of tiie public service was recognised last session by the passing cf the T*im««J Act, and I find that no alteration is proposed in the Estimates, and that there is nothing to indicate whether the Medical Board, contemplated by the Act has been appointed, or is at work already; and we cannot gather whether the hospitals are under different control to what they were last year. I think I am rigbtinsayingthatoneof the arguments infavorof tiie Medical Board was that tiie hospitals would be taken out of departmental control, and placed tinder the control of that Board, which was to be appointed, in the first imtmiw, by the Government, and that under tiie Act those who were willing to subscribe towards the support of tiie hospitals would have a voice in their i-mc-'*- Possibly during the progress of the item through Com mittee, the Premier wfll be able to give hon. members some information on this very important subject. The Police Department has necessary merenfipm proposed to a considerable extent; but, not so much as I would have expertnrt. 1 should have thought it was necessary to appoint more Inspectors and Sub-Inspectors than ap pear to have been appointed. The districts are increasing, the area to be covered by the police is far greater titan ever it was, and their responsibilities are correspondingly in creasing. In order therefore thai the duties of thepoliee should be efficienfly discharged, I should have thought more of the omcen I have wferied to wouldhave been appointed. If it is determined to increase the number, I hope great care will be taken in the choice of officers. I understand that under the existing regulations Inspectors and Sub-inspectors are placed on tiie same footing as commissioned officers. lam glad to see thattfce Commis sioner of Police has an increase in his salary proposed, for I think that officer does his work welL We know he is a painstaking officer and has had very considerable experienoein tiie management of tfifl police affairs of the coun try. Xthinkthaftif some arrangement could be made whereby detective omcers rrom wua colony might spend some time in the other colonies, and that we might import some detectives from Melbourne and Adelaide said engage them for a few montiis here, good results would ensue by the consequent inter change of vie ws and opinions. We know that amongst the very desirable *«*«» who ace coming to U» Colony, there isafair pensenfc age of the undesirable class, inchidmg the spieJer-Ittunk he ie known by that name— the adventmer. and the geaHeman wb* Uves by his wits. They dm* in tiie height of fashion, and are not known either to tire local police or to the people; but j£ the suggestion that I tmake is adopted, these gentry will become well known «. ? i^^ji. «1u^k*mv1i hit nm fnmi. orwdir«say««o«^i*heMelboari»e-ir Adehiae forces, lhat, *«er «U » » o^artanental matter ; but I think it is quite within ihe pto vince of hon. members to make such sugges tions. aadltroBttheaMlhavemadeottttus Question wffl be considered. Prison discipline was referred to by the Attorney-General last Bession, when the ton. gentleman promised that the qOBetioB would be looked into ; »s well *s tiie qaestien of tiie remission of sentences; but! do not find tint any fresh nrieati»robe« established. Indeed I baud the other day of s- man whose sentence of death was commuted to pens! servitude for life, or for 20 yean, who was, after a short period of seven or eight years, set at liberty. , That is* tact, but for obvious reasons X shall er not mention tiie names. A hardened and MoodgtMMdcriminsl-ishould be kept in prison and not be allowed to come out after serving oriy a few years, an* possH»ly repeat the offence whioh led to Mb previous incarcera tion. Thfe qosstion of prison discipline sad tiie rPT'^'' of sentences is infinitely more important than hon. members are aware of. and it would astonish them if they knew tiie leniency which is extended towards Owe men whosweentencedtoJongtermaof penal ser vitude. Ispeak witt aattMWly, because I was not jni4i'Ane M C*0*1* Frmeeutor in the Supreme Court for upwards cf twelve yean ^jllmut acqisiring some knowledge of the sobject. The ▲Msrney-Oeneral recagiriBed ttevatae of what I saiAlsrt session, win he jjiii—iiwi slwt tittastterwoaldbe tijpwgjgldr considered, and the rules amended. I hope fire hon. gentleman will be able to assure us that he has carried out his pro mise. The hope was expressed last ses sion that we had very nearly seen the last of tiie Bottnest Establishment Vote, and that the natives kept there might be kept at work in their own districts, andlhope the time is not far distant when that prison will be closed, so that the delightfnl island might be put t«- better use. As a health esort it cannot be excelled in the country, but bo long as it Hs kept for a public prison, the wishes of the majority of the people to convert it to a prop ?r use, cannot be carried ont, and I shall certainly ask a few questions on that head when the proposed vote is discussed.' With regard to the vote for charitable in stitutions, some important statements will be made. I was told recently thatinone of the Industrial Schools, either in or near Perth, the boys and the girls were kept together. I heard that on fairly good authority, and on that subject the Hon. the Premier may expect to be asked a few questions. I do not say that the whole matter cannot be explained, but tiie principle of»keeping the hom anil -nrls in these Institutions together, does not seem to be a good one. Although it is not my intention to criticise tiie details of these Estimates, I really cannot refrain from referring to one item, and that is under ihe heading of Defences, as follows : — 'Field Day Expenses and State Ceiemonials, .£2,856,' Now what in the name of goodness can this refer to ? The ntsaciEK (Hon. Sir J. *x-rres*; : *«c pay of tiie volunteers for parades. Mb. LEASE -. How does that come under the heading of State Ceremonials? This is what may be catted the thin end of the wedge for the establishment of a paid force of Militia. The PsBjSkEE. (Hon. Sir. J. Forrest) : It has been voted every year. Mb. T.KAKT! : But hut year it was only JE237; now it is proposed to epend .£2,856. If we are going to burn gunpowder and hoist flogs to the extent of £2,856, we should, indeed, have some imposing ceremonials, State and otherwise. The Bureau of Agriculture and the Agricultural Bank come in for a fair share of patronage, and particularly the Agricultural Bank, for which .£1,129 is asked, from the returns furnished regarding this institution, it win be sees that it has cort several hundreds of pounds to keep it going, and as a matter of fact not .£200 has been lest yet If it has cost ns JE570 to lend that amount, how much will £1,129 assist us? I am afraid this institution is not going to be the success which hon. members who assisted in tiie passage of the Bill anticipated it would be. Thb Pbbmxbb (Hon. Sir J. Forrest): You will see by-and-bye. Mb. LEAKE: Of course, we shall be met ?with tiie argument that we must give die institution a trial, bat it !b curious that in nine or ten montiis we find it is not even suggested- that it is likely to pay its way. Any one who went into the figures knew it could not, and now we find from the returns of tiie work tiie bank has done that it has not a ghost of a chance of paying ite way, and that it must be kept up at considerable expense to the country. The only remedy for this is to repeal the Statute, and the time, I admit, has not yet arrived for taking such a. course. I am not prepared to say that next session would be soon enough but the present is soon enough to direct the atten tion of hon. members to tiie methods of administration in connection with tiie Bank and so avoid hon. members having the excuse} to offer, should the repealing Bill be intro ducing, that the whole question is eo entirely! sew to them that tame must be given them to { consider it. I ask hon. members to accept the warning for what it is worth, for that is the prediction that the Bank will in the course of Hie next row yeans ue pnncu w no «« «»«'*?«« and total failure. The method of col- j lectingfees in the various departments is not as satisfactory as it might be, and in order to avoid the necessity of so much money being handled by eSerks, tiie Government will do well if they introduce a system of stamps. This would apply particularly to Supreme SV. ? _^ £.*.... HFH..I fajta 4a*« ItKni, ofiS^avifcR fflF ^jourc roes, xuts itns* jam. ??????j^ «???»?«»»»—», ~v- ? instance, are at present collected by the] clerks, and there is absolutely no check at alL j Wo Auditor-General wOl go through the file to I find out how many affidavits have been filed j daring tho week, and there are many docu- j nroiftn -which, are simply lodged in tiie office to J he sealed and taken away again. A fee is! paid in cash for this, but there is nothing to show that it has been paid. H tiie practitioners] had to purchase stamps, there would be an absolute check on the clerks, while the] same principle might apply to the Post] sad Telegraph Department. It is in force in the other colonies, and I see no reason why it shonJd sot be adopted here. It is in fowe in the other colony, and causes no inconvenience to tiie general public The next branch of tiie public service to which I] wish to refer w that of ihe Commissioner of Bailways. I notice that a very material alteration is fffopoafld to be made, and I am rather surprised that tiie Hon. tiie Premier! did not think it *e refer to it in Us speechi the other evening. I refer to the division, ot the Departments of Hallways and Pubfce Works. It appears from the Estimates that such a course is contemplated, and that it is intended to place these Departments under aeparate control. At any rate, we find there is an Under-Secretory for Seaways at £600 a yeas, f'*1 an Tinder-Secretary for PabUe WotXS at Jtstov a yanx. iw wuj «™«s«»»^ -» i can draw is that it is intended to separate Works and BaOways. I think that is a move J in the right direction, and will, perhaps, in 1 Hie future be the mesas of avoiding each collisions as we know have occurred in] the past. It is difficult to say anytiiing on this question until we have heard ^hat the Hon. the Commissioner himself has to say upon the subject, and I can assure him! «.«-* 'htm. members wiB be perfectly prepared to criticise any statement he may make upon j fheadministrationof hisdepartmentgeneralb/. It would neither be fair nor generous to deal] with «he matter until tiie Hon. the Com-] nussioner has had an opportunity of saying fiPBydhmg. I see it is proposed to introduce a j new officer, in tiie person of an architect. I ! ajwaye thought we bad one. That evidently jQganfc the establishment of a new bsanch in the Works Department. Then we come to Works and Bufldinjs- Hon. members wSteee \- ? v what ihe Government proposals are in this direction, with regard to expenditure out of revenue upon public works. That is, how ever, a question we canaot very well deal with unless we go into detail. I may say this at once. There are some districts in tiie colony that have no ground -whatever for complaint. Fremantle, Perth, and a few other places get the lion's share. Albany only gets .£500 fora drill shed, for of course the quarantine station is of no local advantage. The buildings there are in the general interest, and to preserve the colony from contagion. Large expenditure has been promised I see, to York, Northam, Newcastle and Beverley They are each to have a new court house. We shall probably have some explanation on that point We find too that Perth is to have new Police and Supreme Courts. Whilst on this subject I would like to suggest to the Director of Public Works, that the new Police Court, and the Supreme Court might well be under the same roof. I do not see any necessity for separate buildings, and if it is proposed to spend JE2.OO9 in keeping up the present Police Court, I do not think the money will be well snent. The niece of land apon which it now stands is far too valuable and might well be put to better uses. I hope before the Govern ment attempt any more improvements on that site they will consider the advisability of re moving the Police Court altogether. H there is to be a new Supreme Court House, I venture to suggest the old one would suit the purposes of the Police Court admirably, and it has the advantage of being' near the lockup. I could detain hon. members for a great length of time if it were thought desirable, to criticise these matters in detail. I do not know whether tine necessity has arisen, but it is evidently the intention of the Government to erect Agricultural Halls all over the country. I notice that nearly every district in the colony comes in for something like JC250 each V paX tVCIR-TfiaXJOTl 111 J* raZUtUiLai? «*U\a * ^*- «' -~ to be, we do not know, although £5,000 is proposed in each instance. The develop ment of the goldfields and our other mineral resources is allotted £30,000. We shall want some explanation, seeing £102,000 odd have already been spent on the water supply. I suppose this £30,000 is not meant for water supply. I don't think this would be an inopportune time to ask, How much the department has lost? Hon. members will remember that just before the close of the session last year we were told the department had lost £50,000. I should like to know, in view of the fact they have spent £102,000, how much tiie department has lost, because if they have really lost nothing it is a matter for congratulation. I notice roads and bridges have received a considerable amount of attention. York gets a good Bhare in a new bridee. new Court House, and new Post Office I should like to know what York has done to deserve all this attention. I see it is proposed to replace that remarkable piece of engineer ing, the York suspension bridge, by a more substantial structure. In the Department of the Minister for Mines there is very naturally considerable increase, which cannot be wondered at. I am certain that when hon. members come to deal with this department they will deal with it very liberally. We must consider the very great disadvantages under which tiie officers of this department have to labor, particularly the Wardens and their assistants, who labor on tiie distant goldfields, where there is very little civilized life, and where they are away from everything that is calculated to make life cheerful. I think we should not be too niggardly in seek ing to induce the best men to accept these very undesirable billets. Anew departure seems to have been made in connection with the Education Departmeat. There was a vote of £500 passed last year for technical education | among other tilings. That does not appear to have been spent. I see the Government now suggest that we vote £1,000 for the same object. Upon that euDjecc ± snau oearnxj support the Government, because I tiiink technical education, if directed in the proper channel, cannot but do the highest possible j good. To educate children in some method ; to teach them tilings that wiU be useful in after life, ia, and should be, the aim of every -»ww? (Vnrernment. 'Some of us were at a meeting last night in the Town Hall, where we heard of the good work done by a certain number of ladies in this town, who devote their time to nursing the sick and wounded. I do not think— and I say this with all sincerity, and with as much force as I can command, that we can do better than teach oar children the principles of 'first aid to ?ihe wounded/* that is, to treat ordinary ills, « ? j ? i ? ,4. .m*+c- anA -HrfhnndR ssnA. broken no*, vu b 1 1 in- i ii — ??? ?- ? — — ? — i limbs. I consider that should be a part of every person's education. No one who travels abootcanfaa to be struck with the vast amount of ignorance, which tfie general public display with regard to assisting tiieir fellows in times of suffering. How many of us are *v~~™ thnHmae I wonder who could stop a bleeding wound, or bmd a broken limb. I donotsuppoBe there in more thaa two, which shows that our education has been sadly neglected. Thisqnestaon of 'first aid, to the sick and wounded' is one that might well be considered when the Minister explains the vote for tecbnirml education. I hope that some hon. members who know more about tiiis subject than I do will take the matter up, and nrge it upon tiie Government ?with as much force-as poisuucoecause n we teach our chadren to be htunane we teach them to be good men and women. The Poet, and Telegraph Department is about the last on the list and, of course, wefindthe-exnenai- tore has increased enormously- TheJBostaadl Talegcsph Department is likely to- come in for adverse criticism during thedebate, and it is a pity that ti» Minister who has contiol of that j department is not for the time being a,mem ber of this House, in order that be might hear flie eritkasMS of hon. members. Ido noferefer merely to criticisms from this side of the] House, but from the* other side atso, forj there are hon. members there who take .an [equal interest witii us in the affairs of the country, and who are not saasneo wan i the administration of the Post and Telegraph Department, who would like to see some reform. I refer particularly to what seems to me to be tiie niggardly spirit of tiwse who] have the control of that department. I refer | to those unfortunate telegraphtoperators who spend from eight to twelve, or perhaps more, [hours a day transmitting most important messages all over the colony, astwellas outside [the colony. How 21 they are* paid. I find there are no less than ten who receive only £110 a year, and six others receive only £100 a year. That is not the way to get good work done. If there is any department of the public service which is underpaid it is the Post and Telegmp'b Department, and particu larly the Telegraph Department. The operators are men who have had to spend four or five years qualifying them selves for thoir position, and then they find their services valued at from £100 to £190 a year. The chiet operawi ~~.j gets £200 a year, yet these men are sup posed to have some knowledge and scumtma skilL I do urge the Government to be more liberal in this direction, because these tele graph operators not only require to be skilful, but they must be trusted, not only by the Government, but by the business people of the country. If we do not pay them well, p-*- haps they wiU not be able to afford to be honest. When we hear of leakage in connec tion with the Telegraph Department, it is a sign that something is wrong- I » not accusing the Department of giving informa tion outside, but one cannot shut one's ears, , * .i .. ? 1 ? LI. £-nfs\l*nlA.1'lOll ILftB and one nears mat vaj.uiw«s ****v- — — - crept out of the Telegraph Department. That ought not to be, and the cure for such a thing is to have not only efficient but trustworthy men in charge. The Postal and Telegraph Department was never expected to be a directly remunerative Department, yet it seems to me that the Postmaster-General has made it his pride to make the returns as nearly balance as possible. We do not want tnas. ne ««» *?» — been told to make his department pay, but he has been told to make his depart ment efficient; and so far as he made it efficient he would not be hindered by the votes of hon. members. I have attempted to refer to the items that seemed to me most import ant I regret if I have been somewhat tedious, and if I have tired hon. members, dui it is ju^ as well, when considering the Estimates gener ally to intimate what our particular line of criticism will be. As I have intimated, I shall not fail to ask Ministers for full and explicit information upon several points in the Esti mates. Again I say the Government have followed a proper principle in endeavoring to advance our public works out of revenue, i hope the present Government, or whatever j^.n^_n,--nt: ™=«r lw» in nower, wiU be aWe to Ul-/?ptuiiii ??»»» ???— j — — ? ». ' - carry out the policy which seems now to have been inaugurated in earnest. Mb. ILLING WORTH -. I did not expect to have to speak at the present moment. I fully expected some hoa. member or other on the Government side would have been prepared to express his views upon this subject. I did notexpect that two speeches would have to be made on this side of the House immediately foUowine each other. I presume that hon. members on both aides of the House are tairiy well satisfied with the financial condition of the country. It is hard to cavil when you have too much money in your pocket-at any rate to cavil about the money part of it. In discussing the Budget Speech of any country, it is desirable that the House should take a ft.;- m«w and trive some serious consideration to the position the country is in, and the ten dency of its drift. From this standpoint only I would ask the House to bear with me while I make a few remarks. First of all, I desire to congratulate the Ministry, and this House, and the country, upon the succe3S of the year that has just passed. It has been a year that has exceeded the mosbsanguine anticipations of the hon. members of tftufi House, even tnose oi us who on this side of tiie House considered the Estimates under estimated last year, even we hardly expected to see so gceafc a surplus as that to which attention has been called. The general prosperity of the colony shows that we are advancing to a position of which we as | the people of the colony may well be proud.; I am not surprised that Ministers, placed as they are by the dreutnstsnees of the case, as governors of tiie country, through itsnrst] great increase and prosperity, should feel] something of pride, in the success that has attended their efforts, and in the success which the country has achieved whUe they have been in power. There is, however,] danger arisinff out of tins very success. A ^o»«^ of snnnosmsr that this kind of success will continne, and continue at the same zatio, when all experience tells us it is necessary to be careful of this particular standpoint. Because we have a surplus revenue, there isj no reason why we should be ex travagant. I have to congratulate the Government, that they hasve checked what I suppose would be to tiiem, as to other *aem K»~ *. temptation to so into lavish expendi ture, in consequence of finding themselves with j a large surplus. I think there*has*een a wise and judicious curbing of the natural tendency arising out of the -arcninE*assces iniwhich we j are placed- I am pleased that the- Govern- j ment (and the Tneasurer particalarly-seem to have laid hola of the fact that it ib desirable to discount ihe future, and tiiat-, they have] endeavored to curb expenditure in?that.direc- j tion. There was one remark the Premier was ] pleased to make'in his speech, the other even ing, winca -t*d me an ioju»i«ie. --. — — - believe he had any intention of doinsrnie, or anyone else, an injustice. {The Pebsjibr Hear, hear.] We a31 know *fae kind heart of the Premier, and know he would not do any one an injustice if he knew it. In that briffiant speech to'which^we listeRei«he said tiie hon. member for*Hanainehad told him ' it I was-an easy thing to estimate tiie revenue of a country.' Well, that is not quite what I sa»d. What I did eay was this. That any man who had had a coiomercial faaming, and who was accustomed «to deal with imports and exports oould easily calcu-j late the prospects oi me re*«uue *««- *-= Custom Hoose. That i* quite a dHEerent ques tion. It is comparatively easy to estimate the revenue from Customs, but it would Vbe very unwise and foolish to say, that I, notyharing j fee facts or figures before me, could, easily j estimate the revenue of » country. Bat any commercial man could have told the .hon. the Premier last year, that he had under esti mated the revenue for Customs, by at least j £100,000, and I tell the Hon. the Premier j again, that he has this year under-estimated j Jt^reVenue from Customs byafrleast£100.000. {Whether tie Estimates in ewery department j rtrill show tiie same increase that they have j «donettiris-pastyeBr Ido not 'venture to say, ebut Ddo*ay that the Government have under [?estamateeL the revenue that wffl come from Lcnstoms fbr tiie year 1895-6 by at least j [jaoaoOO. I twitted the Ooyeiaanent i last *?? ? V Teax, that they had underrated the revenue and I did eo for a very distinct reason. I look upon the under rating as a distinct fault when we were going in for a borrowing policy. I oon- ?, tended it was the duty of the Government, to make the very best of the resources they expected in order that this House might judge the amount necessary to be borrowed or the desirability to borrow at all. We find our selves to-day in this position, we have a large surplus of something like £230,000, and ye* we have power to borrow a million and a half of money. There haa been no necessity for borrowing so large a sum. If the Government had accepted the swggestion I made hist year, that during thencxt four years they wouldhave an increase of revenue of about £120,000 a year, they would not have needed to borrow ? the £500,000 for unproductive works, whte& they asked this House to sanction. Now . I would like to say a word with regard to the revenue and the expenditure of the future, and at the same time refer to th« ' certain consequences of the colony having a surplus. The fact that we have a surplus, and the knowledge of the people of the country that tnere is a surplus, means uuu- g*»* . pressure will be brought upon 'the Govern- ^ ment in order to secure works here and there throughout the colony, and it will 'be very ifficult to withstand this pressure so that tit* Government will not spend more than it ; desires to spend or proposes to spend. On '? «!*«(. vk/vi*-f 1a#- hia SWlT14Yf*glf*niA4v- tllA Pff^mifiV aud the Government on the moral courage they have shown on the present occasion — let me congratulate them for while being ( hist year at fault they have this year shown a virtue. Last year at fault because they were going to borrow— this year, a virtue , because they are going to spend. Many men may be happy on the occasion of ' going to * borrow, but it requires moral courage not to be drawn- into too sanguine j m view when the money is to ne Bpen*. -, I find upou going into figures that last year the Victorian Treasurer had a revenue to deal with amounting to £6,573,356, and bis esti mate only differed from the actual - amount received by £30,000, or within one- , half per cent. of the whole. The \ West Australian Treasurer, on *he ? other hand, only dealt with, in the same \ year, £878,650, and the estimate of the ,. revenue was out by £252^94, being at the rate of 30 per cent. Of course, it is a most ; fortunate thing that in the case of this colony \ the estimate v.-as on the upper side instead of being on the lower. I say in all seriousness that the Treasurer of this colony, or for tiiB matter of that, of any country, ought to be able to estimate the revenue of ihe country nearer than 30 per cent., as was the case here. J I will say further, that until we can] be pro- } vided with more accurate figures, with a mom ; accurate estimate of the probable receipts and disbursements of the country, this House wiU not have the information necessary to enable it to carry out tiie business of the country with that safety and caution the positions w* occupy demand. I would also like to notice - another great principle which is involved in this Budget. I do not refer to any question I of detail. Aa to the details cf the Speech the hon. member who preceded n» has gone most , fully into details. For myself I do not intend to go into details or weary the Honsftat this Liege. DetaflBwilleome infor criticiBmata I later stage before the Committee. The prin jciple I do desire to say one word about just I ? _. ;„ ti,.f nf tnnrinn %m m have it in this country. I notice that in Western Australia in the year 189*£5 there was actually re- , ceived through the Custom House of this colony, the sum of £513,508. I should rather j sav that the Treasurer received that amount by means of direct taxation. There were in ? this country at the period dealt with in these figures, a population of less than 90,000, and } you will see that thiB means there was _ contributed in direct taxation the large amount of *o lua. per mam vi '— population. Now to-day, the Victorian w- ' venue through the Customs amounts to 3 £1,809,159 and that is only £1 16s. per head j of the population of that Colony. I ask tiie ( careful attention of the House to fee position - disclosed by these figures, and to the very j large difference there is in the amonptof taxa- - tion. The colony of Victoria receives £1 Ifcs. * per head of population by direct taxation, and : this colony receives £5 lOa. per he»d£A» j Hos. Member: 'A good job too.'] H. ? however, we take the last quaiter of the year ' then weiindthaAtheGovernnientwas receiving . through the Customs the sum of £6 10a. pee ^ head. It is quite possible that at the present time we are able to afford such a taxation. I ' thiak we are able to afford it, but there fl» j very grave consideratione raised from tiie pro- ( bable effects of this heavy tax. Without , doubt it isa heavy call on the peopled this ' country, and what I desire to impress on the ' Government and the House is that the money j raised i» this way, the surplus provided by J direct taxation, should only fee spent in on» way and this is by carrying on works thatc«n - [ be stopped at a. moment's notice if «ver t&» f necessity for doing so arises. There should b» : I ? .„_....«- Cn^MncoA «n irha ATnAttalfcnEB OK J no PCrnlnr**'' uiviB'-B*' »*? — — ? x . ? \ the country only because there happens *»'*? , a surplus. There may be a very bright time j before as. For my own part, I think it is j going to be very bright, but white there will j be bright days, none of as can be sanguine j enough to suppose there are not going *° ** j ? 3 ? i_ J3AWnn TTO*A Ytnoiifttm t£ Tuts SufflSft i ?U3.V ?'+»** UB-JB« JL»Mrf H«BMVIW — — - ? i therefore will best be shown by tfcere-being no 1 unnecessary increase in the pemM»mnt ex penditure, and that whatever works ate an-' dertaken will be those whidi can be stopped at once I do not feel disposed to cavil at some of the increases that ase proposed, but speak generally, and in tfcatl taust repeat this year, what I felt it necessary to say last year, that the Government mnst be careful ia the expenditure over the -Xv» Service. I do not ask that men should be underpaid— quite [the contrary. I Bay ttut the men in the service of the colony ought to be well paid, and I believe the experience, not only of myself, but of every member who has had to I 3. ? :*r. 4-i.n iimniAnniint nf lft.nm zfentntlfiffl of QU IfX^ll ?.'ASV *^*** tf J ??» — ff — ? ? ? — ' — ? men is. that for good work yea require good men and that good men deserve to be weU paid. It is better to have a few good men well paid than a lot of poor men poorly paid I say let tiie salaries be such that the best man in the land can aspire to occupy an) position in the service,' and if we want fjqoi work let us pay good men to do it. While M will be an easy matter to increase the pee | manent expenditure of ?tSie country it I this direction, I would like no*, nuabexs to tear in mind that we may not always be able to get the people «ftbe cosntry to agree to «ocb» heavy burden, off taxation as JE5 lOs. par head, sao1 than we weald find it difficult, «w* fanpossMB, to properly sedace tbe -SvE fciwSee^cWA woaH have become a per tmaamat topeudlttuti. Tor t&s; reason, X cab ccugmtniafce tbe -Government on the fact tint t&cy; -propose to spend whatever mosey they can on public works of an nnprodnrtivi tfatrairter. This is tbe time to do such wort as the building- of a Court House. It as our w& mzHjx-y, ana', -when fmi&iea;, the bmldiiig 5-i Sucre. H, on tie other band, ire proceed to % * ~ - -£o rack works witfc borrowed money, we will f— obabiy piece such a burden on posterity as it may be unable to bear. The Govern- ment is acting most -wisely in /the dis position of its revenue. Without doubt there u ample room to spend money, sot only for tsemtartB, bat in providing necessaries in con tttctaonw&h; our public bnMings and these will be unproftnctive so thai tiiej a*e cosh , *wtfaas*houH be -done oat of revenue and ^ot-oat-of lean mosey. I may state here that ai ny opinion, and hi -the opinion of many s&erpeopJe;, die time has arriv«a, and the fern, member for Albany fainted at this in bis «eedk whet* She Departments of PobKc Tab and Be&wags; should be separated. ThaBailpaj Department is anfficfant if pro gctlj Attended to, for the whole energies of «aeaaav«od tite Pnblie Worts Oepartment fpito aafiaent for fee powers «f aaftther. **— Hrrrnimmwit acted wisely « **» «eon ^''?'rg of £as adxunistratien of ©epart Mati when at left room for a separate Miuhltm £or Sines, Poet Office and JifanaHoB. tat the Departments of Bafl «Q0- aad Brittle Woifes have too much ?panAngjpowartofce in tie hands of any MqgUJGBfeter orfer Urn to attempt their BMaagament, «ad with sjl the eeepeet and flateeai£ hove for die hon. genttamen who «Bat4fa»poa£tioaaow, I say tie country is Il—Tisfeiliiiii Inn hi 111 1 iij' when they ask Mm feaoage .these too great upending depart ?aaaka. la— iidm Fnij llm ttnir tin- arrived vaaaMhetiewBCBment cfoaaH either appoint »iiHih jfiiwnlri. 111 rilrr nt any sate relieve -aae4laUBCSMf JMhraye -{'«?« other of *M«hyartairtn*i TSawe is one regret I have ?rttti iryiaVfri ftin »*8get-*egret and dis «9ontoseBtiMcaiise I fafl*o find that out Trf^la^ararf money to be dealt with the ' feBa»i»wdoe6«at!pBopoaeto*iake any pro j— 1 ?IIHi inj^ifl In Hi 1 Him rr— ? m ? r Baaa, Iifiad there as .£185.088 owing under -»a«liiiT»jg, wifl la- egret no proposal ie made SaHaaa^ tfceae^p. «?? £*UMiB*.-&en.; -Sir J. Fmsest) : S&ey; haw/iw ? IbIiiii iiji. wTUmt 11 mrniii rnrh'nn ; Wtt.SXIEBS&BfiXBS;'B.i lam quoting from ; *be%g«ea «appKed to me a few days ago by ? Ike %«Bsnnr hinaeH. Wiea was this ' **?. ? . : 'Xas Bhmmbb* (fion. Sir J. Forrest) : Oh, ' teng^ogo. -K«. SEjIflJf*}^©^1!^ : 9Sien what have . ^tbose'dftteT^nresteen. supplied *-r. ft is very pectitiar. 'i-iis-. 1-CT*rgB,(S:oii. -Sir J. ForacBfc) : Cfyou ? 5« .^..-it'thte ?staitemeit you 'will ficd -that 4ie '^?'.iji uj'ioaiit 'now^oTring on -account of the £$ 1 . omit. g-reftsnryiJiUBis-orily ^£14,435. 3 ?.. !nSAS-SWO'S1M.z The ?figoses I have v»'j.i-'j7cegRre*lie-'amoant:aeaa85,(K)0,'biit if ] '- int'Vrajistrrer says these are wrongiiaiii very ?r-i^tlifis-so. I'-wodMl1iave;Baidwe'weTe:doing : ?^ h5-«toy'ifl*ing-'tospeaS7noney- on*ep«-dnolare v.-orta5, frlienvfe €onld pay -off other monies { bffrrowea at- sndi-a?higTt itate of interest. It : Vdtild 1mve 'been -very wroag tiot to ^ay off -these TretenrySiHa. J '^SttS iPbsttttR ^5«n. ;Sh- J. R-rresQ: Of '? -BbtiEse,^bat wefcave pfeidthem. H^^Q^tK&WOStS;: Ia*Q-v«rygtod'of it l^ow,* wsnttO'Say a^rorS or %wo on«-matter ' fiiBt^reeaeB -very ieavily on 'the Premier and 'every ^nutnlm tids tbtteto-y, ancL^tiat is »ith ; zeg^td^tb ''Sie^^Bing -ttwsy of obt exports. T waift *on.1nenfl3ters1» »ecogniBe ^articnlarly ' tta» eaase 6t^SteiE*fling away, ana -&ey; irili ' 'beAteto trace 'it to ttb vonree. 'ShBt source ? *ttotettt-w»ngiw'licr--onr loan policy. I ! 1fltliirf|M«'g away of expefftB is the ^Bsot , «o»^ of o* 9»ab poliey. B yon *ate 'Gte ttondde'to ncftiee^Qife %nres aeklnig wJOi tte \ Th**ifonr.y«BBiyoiiw111«na *hat*he «kports ^ «t^ha ^ta^imve fallen ^way to -hs extent . ^ JB^S^ai, and ^thjft atrringac same tiwe ; 4^ ;ptibB* debt has increased by three ' ^K» tteasBR ^oto- Vhr sT. Vataeas}. BfiLyoneay tbe exports HaS fsHan ?a-way to : ^aaVcaitaal^ Ma. a£CS&«r&HSS;: 1-ftosia 'ham Hid . &e; aateence between &e; ittports -aad ite '? ^K^KtB ^ad increasea 'by that amouift. Of '«oaaae'tite real bass of «very nation and of ' ewegy —aa's^osiaoB. io m 1-eiBfe «bie to pay ' «?* sb much am ne takes in. If we csnnot ' **pack*a lmtett^a we import ire ale going * taefceomewtee. JCa. SaMiou^ SotnficessBiJly. ; jEb. HiJNGWOETH: *aiB qnestion m «stSed j^ffg ago in the time of Hoah anti it Is .a«t«Bceasary to -diseOfii it now. l!h 'the esse ' -2-a eooot^ borrowing in order to carry «n ] ^apaodoctwe works it fa really pawning tibe fitare. TI hwro eaid there is a digeieBB* dniag *mr jears between the itnpBrts akA 4iie*^ortBof JE2,621,6&1, aad in e^ing this ?i^wto bom the report of the CammifliioMr ?«£ ^Castoms. -The ^mKlic debt StanHs «s . 4B8j*r%389, 'but by dedncting fte i&ftbjf; *tod wehavea net indebtedness of M&7&J;&L; ?ftoring Jaat year there was imported iifto flw x»looy -US239JB0O vroriii of ,gdft'oolta, ^144^03 ; in railway material and rails, £15,750 on a dw3g8,or altogether £400,033 on'whatfapra* '4icaHyi5oveiHment iiaportations. 'Sofarasthe Igold ceinJs ^soncenned ttuit is really l*o*igkt Otese ywn^ ?©«» loanjpoTiey. Tbo effect «f ,m loan rpotoes -is that laewei^ifejawiiifB , -fu'«fa-tq-dli-*fee 'weakest proSmSfcionB. Taovttj , 4jteac wberethfireasa Joan pdKcyttie waigbt«f flic Jlonn ^oHcjy T«rill fell upon ^onr weaka*t 5»rodac8r,-andat the present itene*he weakest ; ^eaoe^g element we have is of &e; paatosal : »intW63*M*-tadnBtry, which i» moet 1*awwBl : oi^my^Boaaoiiw^OAiBt^ai^itoOBaaQuenay . \fcete tie^foefcioi «wloanpoHcy most of al. ] iBbe -w«atn8B3 of iiuB industry was eatoftifffiial ?by*4heHon. ihe TPreJriier in. 'Ub wniirabli Budget S^ea&%otif tooB^4s'tflBSn-to traaa * ta»^wbletoitesoniwartftavbB*ana%9l-. ^ in^uBdmctten. i-loanpoiby tiffin* *B*ki tbe wBftkestpeeaantB&e; aaoret o^ «» whofe ^A.-ArMttn attBajpn Of Ji(eattafe- ral ; Mtataat « luimjuitotI fiteee- -m «to» ^M j ; ??atlti I mv^^»ep^^ba&^-A^L 'to ( ?Lr*^8^^^r^^35B3HaH8BB^Si^^^^^^^^'^'^^* — - - -am. . .????? .-????? andtoasfcthe JKnistiy to stop continually telling as that mining is a burden on thie country. lam really tired of the statement. Mb. A. Fobbest: Hie Governmen't has never said each a thing. M*.IU,Q«JWOETH: They have said it again and again. Mb. A. SVhsbst : Oh no, tiiey have said nothing of the sort . Kb. ILLDTGWOKTH : You will find it in Hansard. The papers are fall of it. T*as P«rara» (Hon. Sir J. Forrest) : Pro duce it. We have always declared quite to the contrary. Kb. atlSGWOSTH. X«w fast«ia of wtwiing1 being a burden on the community, what do we find? The direct expenditure on mining last year was £Vt2£m. For four years which practically embraces tbe whole life of tiie industry in this colony the asnoBat expended only reaches £304,055. Wow what is shown on tbe otfier aide f Last year the receipts «& the Customs were equivalent to £0 10s. per head of the population, and I am tather trader than «ver tbe veal position when I sajj there are oa the geU&lds; oftheeolony «v«r BS^MO peeple. Stat ie, there are 25,000 people paying *hroogh the Custom House £5 10b. per annum each, or a total of £I37,fi0e. in regard to the miners' rights we have the fig-ones «f what was actually paid,oaditaBKNnLteto£7j500. Therenisfer leases nmst be over JBSOJ90O a. year, so that for ?what we pay to develop the wining fadnstxy each year we receive £165,000 back m the way of direct taxation against .£103,898 which we spend. ^hk Fhexizb (Hon. Sir J. Forrest) : That is not lite whole of what -we spend. Ms. HiLISGWOBTH: ?%e whole on mm i»g- I am speaking of the direct expenditure, and for tfcst quote the Premier, and of direct taxation in whi-* X quote the figures of the proper officers. The PssKiBB^pon. Sir J. Forrest) : But it is ztot the whole -of expenditure on the gold fields. Mb. &£.B#GWOB3S : Hie Premier as very good at being exact when a suits him, aad «qaaUy good at splitting- baire when bedssirss to do -so. 1%e estimated expenditure for the coming year is .£38,586. Trac ftaanEE. (Hen. Sir J. Forrest) -. But that is only for one Department. Mb. IDLING WOBTH -. The& beside all X have stated, townwch comes into tibe Stamp Department from tbe fields? lam happy to see that the Postal Department shows a large increase in its income during tie year. Where 'does «t come from? Hon. members know it conies from the goldfieids. There is a iasge increase » tiieTeJ^raph Department, ana tibe Hon. the Director of Pnblie Works tells us, with a smiling face, that the railways are paying. If a was not for the Yilgara rail- way, the railways would not tie paying, con sequently in the general work of this country, the mines are aot a loss, and in special expenditure mere than pay for themselves. I Wve no dense what ever to -ask for the mww»g districts -more than -tfcey «ce entitled to. bat I do ask that they receive a fair proportion, and this X know, the House and fee present ' Ministry axe fully prepared to do the mining industry every justice. Therefore, it will be seen that I am not at all disposed to cavil at the expenditure on the »»»«ri»j- industry. There is one feature of the Estimates, in par ticular, to be lamented, aad that is in the provision xtf -what X night term 'spoils for : the victors.' 3Che boa. members who have TnostearnestlyBupportedtheGovernaienthave , shared weH in fee diattfljutioa of favors onder the Budget. ! IFb.' A. F0KBB8T: And what about Siamnfie? { Tfes Prbbuke -Hdn. Sir g. Fonest) : Ajid what about OeraidtoB » , as. -wunsmroKra -. i &\- uotbaowabout eMiet, eccejftiitgithat wheaerer I have placed any request «ff » fair natox« before any member -ff -a»*timsT«y jtfcasteeiifcocedsdto. What everfos been seasonable, has been geaated. 1 am oafte-prepared to «ay that if the «xperi- enee nfUie past in tite matter of expenditure j in my own district is a -guide to what my e* ftaiaax of the*otere «aibe,tben Xam wry - we& BatisSeo. Thawe is a tendency to oavfl a%«onn»-ot^eit8m8intiae Estimate^ bat I I do not regard «te present as the time for entering intodeteils. I will sot now speak of : items which are to be specially complained about. 'There are many of these but they '? -%Bn%B-leaIt within Committee. I am bow ! oniyupeatemgin a general «ense. To mm it up the Govemnjent found tiro* the success the coantry&aAwasfar; atore than the success aatM|-BJtaiUuifl the ^Soveanwnt finds itself 'waii a laxg« bm'plm. They are /'*i'g Wisely in HbB -way Utey ase pBaoeeding to di^poae of it, saA I tope that nest year «»ey will be able to teU -Ote House and the : ecnmtty,'ftottady43iatfh9have a large ear- ! pkffi, btffc Hhat Ikey pwpoBe to «rpebd the greater pOEtaon of it m the same way. it is tha more«egwitthtffctfee Government should adopt tSas atiAode beeaase it is Ihe first Ministry under Responsible Government, and wfcat it doea'Willform'a precedent for othew. ft is Iheset»xe4he interest «f all 'Bjattte Ministry ehould be supported in following proper g«ide ISneb, -anfl in -Eeeing tihat the unprodeefave works are paid *or o«fc of *e revenue. ItwiH be bj-tbfloWTng- sati a wiee oonrse as this that thifl colony will be able to escape the ternble i»ta8tei*ies%hB* have fallen -on sotee of oar sister colonies. Ism glad toiie able to «on gratntrtte Hse- TSovenmenS. upon tke -wndom ftey. are 4iqilaying im. Hbas matter, and upon tbeiaCtr«attwtottt-eyar«^aoingistoiaya»e firai fbutrteSons 'of a wise admanstrataon ?wfaieb. to&Bt; ^ead to a great and glorious 'Tafruie. ?Hie Chifansai left ttrfelJiBir fctC.SOp.'m. a* -7*30 lie Vbalrman resomed the chair. ^HitCOlatlSSroiflEE^F^JBOWN £AKDS ^Bxm. 'A. %. %itterdson$t %a« are one w ^wopoitfte vfakm teve Sfista in UnB'fiebate, I would like to -mate iafaw ttatarfcs upon. Eegard^g tte statement of «iw hoa. anember fer Saanitte, tha&l;&e; rat&of; taxataonper bead of $he population ot this Gelony was much in^OktSttB^hat «f Victoria, Jjeittg £& lOs. or 2650B. %o ^ tte. per fcead,«nd that that tiho*e*«taft «» peppte were teavfly taxed. I weatt poirit ««ft -feat the feet that the people aasepajaBgaaaiflwcTi taxafion gtroagh tt» Cna toms SOnsfiiMfi tedieatwnof -tte^jig pmxliaa sng pwner 'Or 4te -waafBi «f the community, toecsnse it ^r*teB*1-ri* ve gtfiiiWttfl 'that before peoplB&npMt;^gely, ifhey axe in the poBttion topnvdaee. Bo the «a-* that «w people of ^T* jjBfr'BT BTfi M''*Hfr6pc^ *!* ***** extent of jE5 10s. per head of duty, shows that on the average they &te; wealthy, or they would not be able to pay such a large duty. ? In order to iUustratethis argument, I shall suppose that in comparing one montii with another it is found thai the amr,v^t. of taxation had fallen off by one half and that instead of £5 10s. per head of duty being paid only -£S is paid. That would aot give cause for coagratolation. but rather would bedeploied, because it would indicate that the purchasing power of the people bad been reduced by one half. An other point and an important one and one which ascounts to a great extent for th« large percentage of exports is that a very large proportion of our products, is gold, which must be regarded * as a large factor in swelling the imports because »»ilifre other products it always returns in the shape of imports. Wherever there is a community engaged in the production of gold, that community shows a large amount of Customs duties. In all other iralnifo^n.^ fueling or manufacture for instance, a large proportion of the products axe exchanged for others, S3 that a very small portion of tbe national wealth of that, community appears either as imports or exports. The rate of a Nations' taxation cannot iae judged by its imports. If it can be shown, however, that the duties are very high, then it may be inferred that the community is heavily taxed. It is recognised to a great extent now in the other colonies that the imposition of 30 per .cent, taxes has had the effect of decreasing instead of increasing the revenue, aad that the higher rate of duties SB-act and lessen the imports and the revenue. That has been tbe sad experience of Victoria. Instead of congratulating themselves that the amount of taxation per head is only £1 16s., the enlightened men «f that colony deplore the fact and pcint to it as an index to the cause of the bad state of trade, and sty it is a proof -rf the mistaken fiscal policy adopted in recent years of imposing high taxation. Therefore w-e in. tfiwa oolotry should rather congratulate ourselves that the amount of taxation per head in duties is £5 10s. or £6 10s. When -we reflect, Sir, that notwithstanding all that has been said about duties, and odcolorem duties, the bulk of the duties prevailing in this colony are at the rate of 5 and 10 per cent.,and that a minor number of articles are on the 15 and 20 per cent , schedule, we can realise that we are aot over taxed. I also wish to refer to the question of paying railways, and the circumstances that justify the Government in extending the rail way facilities. I am not going to deal with the question as to whether the agricultural railways pay or not ; but I wish to point out this feature of the question, that we should not regard a railway as a success because it produces a revenue, but that the advantage gained by the community through its con struction, is where its chief source of profit to the country is to be found. Taking for instance, a railway carrying 10,000 tons of goods per annum to a distant district, at £5 a ton, the cost of carting to which district formerly was £30 a. ton, it will be seen that a distinct and u&mtstakable; gain of £160,000 ' per annnwi is made ; and if 200 passengers are taken to Southern Cross per week, the saving in the difference of carriage — say £6 per head — means another -£100,000. Thus altogether, a saving of £290,000 per annum is made, which being capital ised at the rate of 5 per cent, gives a capital value of JE5jOOO,GOO. That is not an absurd way at looking at the matter. The actual figures are there to support the argument, because the community whoformer !y had to pay £20 per ton for freight, only have to pay £5. 1Kb. MoBiU : That applies to the farmer. The OOMHISSIONEEOF CROWN LANDS (Hon. A. B- Bichardson) : Yes, and with greater force to the goldnelds. I do not mean to say that the railways are paying an absomfce percentage, but I think that if justification for their extension were wanted, it could be found in (he saving of the cost o freight. Then there are possibilities of developing the country when the freights are reduced. Especially in this is (he case in an agricultural community, for by the redaction of the charge from £5 to £1 per ton, settle ment would be encouraged. I wish also to make one allusion to the few figures given by the Premier, with reference to land settlement. He said there were now 486,000 acres or about that number, under conditional purchase while in 1693 there were 40$,000, and that in round figures ibis showed an increase or 77,000 acres of fresh land taken up. Those figures do not state the position accurately, because the number of conditional purchases redeemed during that time, have to be considered. These amounted to 26,000 acres, eo that A3ie actual increase was 103,000 acres. In a small community like this, I tl»t»it- that is, very sound evidence of settlement, notwithstanding the deetre to search 'or gold in preference to tbe more tedious woii of settling the land.. Hon. members have express ed regret at the slow rate at which agricultural production is proceeding. No doubt it would be better if the area under cultivation were larger, but the ratio is not bo small as is sup posed. The amount of land under cultivation at the end of 1894 was 193,197 acres. The jx^ulation at about that time, aot Pairing- the m»Tinnim rate, was about 80,000 people, thus shovingMai there was 2£ acres under cultiva tion per head of population. It will be interes ting to observe that, while the population has been increasing at an abnormal rate-l-so much so Oat weoould hardly expect the cultivatkni of the aofl to beep pace with, it — that in 1886 with a population of 40,000, tibe land under cultivation was 86,000 acres, or two and one-eeveath acres pec head. go that notwithstanding- the rapid increase of ihe population, the cultivation of tie soil has propressed even more rapidly. I shall conclude by congratulating the Premier in having had such a flourishing statement to nake, and by joining in the wish that this or any other Government may never be tempted to be extravagant that follow a policy of waste ful aad reckless expenditure because of a large revenue. I hope this or any succeeding Govern ment will always bear in mind, as the hon.. member for Nannine has pointed out, that while there is a large increase of revenue we should devote it to permanently good works and not spend it in what I call, bricks and mor tar. Bver since I have sat in Parliament I have always opposed, and always shall oppose, the «xpenditore of money on unproductive works. IfcojseweabaUoever iolloH-Bucha nernicious and suicidal policy, but shall always try to do good with our surplus so that when hard times come, we can congratulate ourselves on the possession of that which we cannot get at such a time. Mb. PIESSE: I rise to congratulate the Premier and the Government, and also the colony generally, open the very satisfactory state of affairs disclosed in the Budget Speech, which shows that we have advanced consider ably towards permanent prosperity. The hon. member for Albany has referred to the Agricultural Bank, which the Premier alluded to as an institution which will prove of great _ advantage to the f«f»-»rifng industry. I wish to endorse that opinion, in spite of the state ment that the Bank had incurred ex penses, representing a. larger amount than it bas actually lent. Tfae Bank is only just commencing- its otper&tionj;^ and the expendi ture incurred is not to be wondered at in view of the proceednre which has to be followed by applicants for loans, who are much delayed in consequence of the forme to be followed. I think that after the Bank has had a trial for a year or two a more satisfactory account will be given of it, than those who oppose it, anticipate. Up to the present the amounts lent to farmers in my own district, and in other districts, have been advanced on safe security, and the advantages of the loans will be shown by increased production. The hon. member for Gecaldton, when he opposed the 's^hliqliTn rnt of this institution — although he professes to be a friend of the farmer — seemed to be under the impression that as soon as it started work, hundreds or even thousands of farmer* would try to get all the money avail able. Me. SntF6ON : They tried it and the Manager stopped them. Mb. PIESSE : The Premier has told us that he was rather astonished to find that the peo ple were slow to'take advantage of the facil ities offered bythe Bank; and the reason is that the farmers are c&atioos; and do cot intend to tie a milltone round their necks by borrow ing money. I am as confident of the future of this Bank, as I am that th& man. to whom this money is lent, under (he direction of the manager who is a practical man, will benefit thereby, and farther, I am certain that the loss to the country will be comparatively mt. With regard to the land settlement referred to by the Premier, it is satisfactory to note that it is proceeding apace. Under a system of Agricultural area, 135,000 acres of hind has been taken up daring the last three years. This, calculated with the amount already alienated and the improvements which have tobe made, means that a large area has been brought Timinr cultivation. I t*''fe- the Pre mier will soon have no noed to provide for the importation of chaff, for by reason of the sea son we are now experiencing, a large area has been placed under crop and there will be no necessity to import chaff next year. We have passed through seasons of depression which are nnparaUed in the h story of the colony, and last season waB the worst, but* with the impetus given to the industry by the ngjyiMuliinnnt of railway communication to agricultural districts and with the splendid season now being experienced, the prospects are that in a short time the supply will over take tbe demand. The hon. member for Nan nine referred to a failing off in the exports and in connection with this I would like to draw attention to one item, that of sandal wood, which has Buffered through a depreciation of values. The quantity of this article exported hut year was valued at £23,480. In 1889, .£57.465 worth, waa exported, while a few years before the amount was £91,000. The vomme of ex port was not much less, bat the apparent Sail ing' off in the export of the article is accounted for by the depreciation value, for last year it was valued at £6 per ton as against £10 per ton in 1833. This depreciation is caused through the losain exchange and the depreciation of the value of silver in countries where sandahrood isexchangedf or silver. This has brought about afaUsngoffof .£60,000 in five yeata. Wool has also depreciated in value. lam glad to find that &s; ftwnier intends to deal liberally with chorebes fa. regard to the abolition of the Ecclesiastical grant. I take exception to the statement of the hon. member for Nannine that (be mining industry Is more important than agriculture, although it has been the principal cause of the colony's prosperity ; bat it must be remembered that agacaltare is of a more lasting advantage to the country titan »mmtwg is, and I do not think the hon. member should take all the credit to his constituency for the progress of Jthe colony. Tab agricol tural industry we have always with us, but it haB been proved elsewhere that mining is not a permanemVmdustry. Mb. IluvoworCh : Where would yon get your aiarket; were it not for the miners. Mb. PIESSE: We can always find a market. I certainly think that the practioe resorted to by waning members of disparaging one par ticular industry to benefit another should be deprecated. Mb. Mosair : I never did so. Mb. PIESSE: With regard to the refer ence made by the hon. member for Albany to the necessity for appointing more Inspectors and Sub-Inspectors in the Police Force, X think that If any appointments are made, the positions should be given to men who have been in tbe force for some years, and who thor oughly understand the working of the de partment, in preference to conferring the ap pomtmentB upon outsiders. Tbe men already on the force deserve some encouragement to do their duty, ami I know of instances where deserving cases for promotion bad been over looked. The Education Department seems to be reaching large proportions, and general gratification must be felt at the provisions which have been tnafe for^he education «| children. The hon. member referred to tbe. need of technical training in the Bcbools. Some provision has been made hi the Estim ate! for the teaching of children in this res pect and no doubt it will be found to work to advantage. I am pleased to notice t&at; tbe Under-Secretary of Education has an increase in bis ealary proposed, because he has been underpaid for a long time. The Post and Telegraph Department is also growing, and it is regrettable that the telegraph operators and others do not receive larger salaries, es pecially those at Perth and Other centres, where the work is very heavy. At Nannine for instance, the officer in charge receives .£140 a year; and in phases tar removed from the centres of population, the officers should re ceive fair xemaneratitHL for their services. Some men, which have been ip fits ser vice for 25 years, are only in receipt of .£180 to £200 a year and that is no en couragement to them to do their duty thoroughly. The Bureau of Agriculture was mentioned by an hen. member, and that is an institution in which I take some interest. Not being a member of that body now, I cannot speak with less diffidence regarding it, and I must e&y; that I feel that the Bureau has done excellent work in assisting agriculture gener ally and also in disseminating knowledge and helping the people in every way. A book has been presented to hon. members dealing with Horticulture and Viticulture, which iras pre pared by one of the officers of the Bureau. It is a credit to the Department and will be ap preciated by all people who are interested in the matters it deals with. I think we can well afford tbe proposed increase in the allow ance to the Bureau, and if they continue in the good work they have undertaken — which ib carried on without fee or reward— they deserve the thanks of hon. members and of the colony generally. I do not think there ie anything else I need allude to. Speaking from an agriculturist's point of view, I hope hon. members will not lose sight of the im portance of that great industry, and will afford at all times the help ?which those deserv ing settlers need, for I think we have ten or twenty times as much land available for culti vation as is under cultivation at present, and the time will come when we shall be able to supply all the wants of Western Australia. Mb-THEOSSELL: The hon. member for KfttnnniBg made some allusion to agricaltnre and I feel that I should not allow this occas ion to pass without saying something about it- I am aware of the very great advance that has been made in agriculture, and I do not wish to weary hon. members by going into details. We are not doing nearly as much as we should in the development of the hind. I have ventured more than once in this House and elsewhere, 'to draw the attention of the Government to the absolute necessity of ad vertising the land as any private individual would his own business. People are coming here absolutely ignorant of the capabilities of the soil in this colony, aad I regret to learn that the Agent- General complains that he has not been supplied with information on that subject. It is a very great reproach upon us especially at the present time and I hope the Government will take such steps as will pre vent the Agent- Qeneral from speaking on the subject in that strain again. With regard to agriculture itself, I feel very strongly on this point.that while every preaautionis tiemg taken to survey the land for settlement, no steps have been taken to settle a desirable clans of people around the busy centres of population. X allude to the working men's blocks system that obtains in South Australia. TVe are em bellishing and beautifying the City in every way in order to attract people to it, but we are affording them little or no means of obtaining a livelihood when they get here. The day of reckoning will assuredly^comeandwe shall then be in the same position as other cities have found themselves. The first to desert us will hs the artisan, who is a thrifty individual, and just the man who is wanted in a growing country. I hope the Government will give special attention to this Blocker system. I have received a report from South Australia dfviiing with the progress of the system up to the end of last year, and tbe result of the work in that colony is sufficient to juBtify the Government in introducing a similar system here. If we hope to made it a success, we must give the working man a piece of bind within walking distance of his workshop. land must be secured for the purpose, around a successful country township like my own, a»d~in order to do this we shall have to face the re-purchase system. I believe that the one of the best works the Government could undertake would be to re purchase the large estates which were given away in the early days. Some hon. members, having extravagant views, would advocate a land-tax, bnt that method will not burst up these large estates, and if theGovernment wish to do their best for the development of agricul tore, they most devise some means of repur chasing the large areas of land in the Avon Valley which are alienated from the Crown. They can do so without expending a single sovereign of State money. The land could be purchased on debentures, redeemable in S years, or on £10 debentures negotiable in the City. People could take up the debentures instead of putting their money in the Bank, for the investment would be a very safe one. The result would be a 20 years' re-purchase scheme and compulsory improvements with one-twentieth of the purchase money coming to the Government who could reex pend it in the purchase of other lands, or better stall, in buying up our own mortgage bonds. At tbe end of 25 years all the land in the Avon Valley would be settled on a Compulsory Improvement Settlement Scheme. As to the Budget Speech, I wish to congratulate tfoeGoveramentonthe additional amount placed at the disposal of the Educa tion Department. I think that £11,000 is all too small for the growing requirements of the colony. I hope that before the end of the year we shall have the magic six figures of population — 100,000 — for history tells ns that when once the population reaches that figure, the colony will leap forward. In view of this therefore I tbfnk the amount voted to that Department is not sufficient. One great caase -for regret is the absence of a water conservation policy, not so much for the goldfields, for .£43,853 is to be spent there, bnt for the Eastern districts, where, after a settle ment of 66 years, nothing has been spent at alL A ?urn of £20,000 would give four towns in the Eastern districts & proper water supply, and they have frankly offered to pay S per cent, of the cost. What do we sea now P In the Avon Valley hon. members will »ee God's good gift of beautiful water, Ashing away to the aea. and lost to the people, while in the summer the residents of the towns in the vicinity have to cart their water at half a crown per hogshead. I hope the Hon. the Premier will remain in office, but I venture to tell him that the future policy of his own or any future Ministry, when the railway policy is played out, must be a grand water conserva tion scheme for the whole colony. I am justified in m»*''ff these remarks because I find that in the Administrator's Speech at the opening of Parliament tie statement was made that the Government were considering a comprehensive scheme of wafer conservation for the larger towns of file colony. Hon. members will pardon me if I include in the ±m*- ' larger towjv ' a. certain town. «!$& shall be nameless and which shall long remain an important centre of the colony. I will name it after all. It is Nor t ham, the metropolis of the East. I conffrataU-i:*3 the Government on the proposed increase of salaries of civil servants and hope the recipients are worthy of them. I should like to see a system of Life Assurance tacked on to the conditions of the Ciril Service, in order that on the death of an employee of the State, his bereaved family should have some means of living-. Some hon. members think that .£600 is a large sp-lary ; but it is not, and I think it is & misfortune for any man in these days to be doomed to work in the Government service. I commend the idea of a State Life Assur ance Association that is in force in. New Zealand and has done much good there, to the consideration of the Government. I think it is on record that in New South Wales at the present time, they. Lave nearly two millions of money accumulations in connection with State life insurance, that have been loaned out by the Government. That money is loaned out for the development of the land. Coming to the question of the land again, wonder has been expressed, that further development does not take place. How is it that we may go through the Avon Valley, and other places and see so much hind lying idle ? When hon. members talk of land, and land taxation, they run away with the idea that owners of land would not sell. I say there are a goodly number of o-wners who would sell if they could, and they v.ould develop their land if they could. With oil our boasted prosperity, I want to say an I want to emphasise it too. that there is no single institution, besides the ordinary banks to which a farmer can go for assistance in the development of his land, and so f bail the well intentioned Agricultural Bank; to enable the further development of old and large estates. When you recognise that fact you are recognising the reason *rhy our lands arc not bein£ developed more rapidly. I heartily congratulate the Government opon tueir satisfactory increase of the vote for Roads and Bridges. I am glad to see the vote of .£31,000 proposed, being as it is an increase of nearly 50 per cent, on last year. There is one matter to which I would refer before sitting down, and that is the question of the Ecclesiastical Grant, in which we have all taken so d?.«p an interest. I think the settlement of tliis question is largely due to the hen. member for Geraldton. All honor to him, that upon every occasion which he has stood up in this House he has advocated its settlement upon liberal lines. I congratulate the Government upon having caught the idea of the hon. member for Geraldton, as well as other hon. members of this House, and have decided to propose a ten years' Capitation Grant paid in two instalments. I would like to see some provision made, if we could see our way clear, as to how the mouey is to be spent. I hope it will not be used to provide fixed salaries for drones in the hive, for men who have mistaken their calli: ;. If it is used for this purpose -i for one shall very much regret it. If on the other hand it is used for providing a fund, for the payment of salaries to itinerating Ministers of all the denominations, who will go upon our timber stations, and goldfields and such places, I shall think the money has been well spent. I believe the -£30,000 odd will be cheerfnliy voted by hon. members, who will deal with the Churches liberally. If something is not done we shall but propagate a system that will be a very serious annoyance in the years that are to come. I hope the Government will in some way seek' to check the spending of the money. I know there are difficulties in the way, bnt I hope the Government trill devise some means for overcoming them alL Mb. E. F. SHOLL : I regret to say I have not studied the Estimates this year eo much as I have done in the past. I should not, however, like the debate to close without expressing, as one who has known the colony in the days past — my great satisfaction at the satisfactory financial statement that has been placed before us. It is to me a source of very great grati fication. I am sure the Government must feel every satisfaction in the delivery of the Budget Speech. The revenue has increased to an ex tent that the most sanguine never anticipated. Bat whilst our revenue has increased beyond our anticipations, I see our expenditure has also increased to an almost equal extent, if we may judge by the Estimates. We have been told by the Hon. the Premier that he estimates the expenditure at £1,537,496, which will tripe out our balance of jE277,OO0, or will reduce it to JE30.886. so that, if the Hon. the Premier's estimate is correct we shall expect this year more than we shall receive. I think, however, the Premier very wisely under estimated the revenue, and I congratulate him upon having done so. I think it is wise to do so. I do not agree with those hon. members who say the Premier should take a more sanguine view of the revenue. It always seems better at the end of tbe financial year to have a surplus reported ft a couple of three hundred thousand pounds, rather than a deficit of any kind. I think if the Treasurer iseerring at all he is erring on the right and safe side. I do not propose to deal with the Estimates in detail, though T notice they have very largely increased. Of course, as the colony goes ahead the requirements will be more, and the expenditure must increase in proportion. I wish to draw attention to one remark of the Hon. the Premier which is rather misleading. It was not done, I know, with the intention of misleading ; but in dealing with the expenditure of last year he said we have spent less tban the estimated expenditure 'The estimated expenditure,' he says, ' to flie 3Ofch of June last was £954,465, and the actual expenditure .£936,728, therefore we spent daring last year £17, ,737 less than the Esti mate.' That is quite true in one respect, bnt it is rather misleading in another. We find this House sanctioned expenditure on works and buildings of .£42,210 which was not ex pended. That money ought to have been {pent. I do not think the Government can take to themselves credit that they have not expended that amount when it was voted by this House. Then, too, on Boads and Bridges there was voted .£11,749 for necessary works, and there is no doubt bat that money has not yet been expended. We find the Government have expended a sum not authorised by Par. liament amounting to .£36,222. Tub Eboosb (Hon. Sir J. Forrest) : Where do you get that from t Hb. B. F. SHOfcLt Prom yonr Estimates, Tb* PssKira (Bon. Sir S. Forrest,) : I think ?— ? . ? ?* Mb. R. F. SHOLL : Not at all, I have dad it -n-hilo sitting here to-night. When the Hoi the Premier says he has spent less than til Estimates, he does not say he has spent voa much that was never authorised by fiarlii meat. Taking the Miscellaneous Tote, tin] vote that the Hon. the Premier can put hi hand upon at any time. 1 Tii£ Pbekilk (Hon. Sir J. Forrest) : VA can give you all the items. 1 Mb. B. F. SHOLL: That vote upon whicl tbe Premier can lay his bund to give to firJ one hon. member and then another1 — I do nq like using the word sop— but that vote ha been exceeded by JE4.900 or more. The Mel celianeous Vote has reached £8,377, witbod Parliamentary authority. I mention thai purely to point out that the statement of tu Premier that they spent .£17.737 less than n authorised, is misleading. In one respect it a true they have not spent the amount authoi ised by Parliament upon particular thing! but they have spent more than she amoun upon other things. J Tee Pbeotee ( Hon. Sir J- Forrest) : Then are al *rays overdrafts and underdrafts. I Me. K. F. SHOLL: I notice in the Estimate there ore several increases for certain official] I do not object to increases as a rule, and I quite agree with the hon. members who ham spoken with reference to increases for tew graph operators in the outlying difitrica There is no doubt about it, that in many id stances they are working night and day, an] when there is an interruption on the Eud* Knj [ understand they sometimes work for 88 hoonj I do not know how many there are who an considerably overworked, or considerably ns derpsid. I think the principal officials ininl portant districts where the work ib heavj Should have increases. I notice however, thai sojue of these increases on the present Bsta mates are for officials wbo seem to mi to get an increase every year, whil some who arc equally deserving- axe left out I] tbe cold. I hope the Government will intrc duce a Civil Service Bill so that officials wB know the exact position in which they stand It would be: better for the heads of depart meats, and for the Minister too, instead a Uiing pestered by friends of the officials, a the officials themselves, and they could esj there is the Act, which con do nothing Whilst dealing with the Civil Service question L should liku to say a void with regard to thi Civil Service Commission. If that Commissioi were not in existence I believe the Govern oient would favorably consider the advisabilit; of bringing in a Bill. The Royal Commissioi has now been in existence nearly two yeazs We do not know, what they are doing. Befor this session is over if no hon. member moves I shall move that the Commission be eaneeDei The Commission may at the present time b doing good work, but as far as thi House, and the Government are concerned, 1 think we are all in the dark. At any rat they have had over 12 months to deal witi one department and they have not done i yet. I notice a large increase -on th Estimates for the Bureau of Agriculture. L alluding to this question I vast to complimen those gentlemen vrho have the control of ths Institution. I can hardly call it adepartmen! seeing il is outside the Government. I believi money has been wisely 6pent in connectaoi with that movement, but we need, as it eeea to me, to closely watch it and be very carefri 1 think when we give large earns of money t private individuals to expend ; when we giv carte blanehc to the extent wo have done then we need to watch the expenditure very care f ally to Bee that it is spent wisely. We knoi at the present time of the enthusiasm of th gentlemen connected with the Buieau. Witi out enthusiasm I do not think anything conl be made a success, and I think tbe success « the Agricultural Bureau is due to the entht siasm of those gentlemen who constitute th Board. I say this notwithstanding the remark made by the hon. member for the Williams, think, however, it should be insisted uponths the :i.--counte of the Bureau should be andite by the Auditor-General. There is a baJano sheet placed before thia House bat it i absolutely misleading. The Peemiee (Hon. Sir 3. Forrest) ; Th accounts are always audited. Mb. E. F. SHOLL: That balance-sheet i not audited, and it is misleading. It show they have a credit balance of £258, where as matter of fact they have nothing of the son They have Jo'ZoO placed on the Estimates for a Inspector of Forests. That is an item tht has not been expended by the Bureau. The show a balance of £256 and yet £250 vote for this gentleman's salary is not available^an therefore should net be shown on their ba ance-sheet as it is. I only mention this i show the necessity of having- the accounts 4 the Bureau properly audited, and so that fa information may be presented to Parliamen The Hon. the Commissioner of Crown Lands i dealing with taxation argned we are not heai ily taxed, and stated that the balk of the n venue was derived from the lower rates - taxation through the Customs. As a matt* of fact the returns show that the heavie amounts come from the specific rates, and tl 15 and 20 per cent. The 10 per cent, yieldi £261,000 odd. The 15 and 20 percent .£346,000 odd. The Pbemiek (Hon. Sir J. Forrest) : Wlu is that £345,000? Mr. E. F. SHOLL That is the rerem from Customs. Tbe Peemike (Hon. Sir 3. Forrest) -. T« are wrong. ? Page 8 of the Estimates wi show. Me. R. F. SHOLL: I cannot agree wil those hon. members who flay we are m heavily taxed, when we derive eo much reveni from Customs. The increase, I think, can 1 accounted for to a great extent by the infic of population, which has been greater ths was anticipated, and by the fact that the agi tnrists were not able to meet tbe demand principally, of coarse, through bad seasons, sincerely trust the prophecy of the hon. xnei ber for the Williams will be fulfilled, and thi next year we shall derive no revenue from h ported chaff, bat that our own people will 1 able to supply the demand. At the same tin I feel it is very hard that a heavy duty ebon be placed on those articles which our 91 people cannot produce, and I think tbe do should be removed, even if it had to be plao on again afterwards. I know there is a dfl culty in the way, but it is rather hard on the who have to obtain supplies for other con tries, because of bad seasons in this, throoj fhioUour own seonle cannot eunply the £ ?, teand. Some remark has ' been made about B &o; Agricultural Bank._ I think it is rather too soon to speak of its operations, seeing it is not yet through its first year's operations. I consider the record a work hitherto shows I that considerable caution has been exercised 1\. In'the advancement of moneys. I feel perfectly 1 : --certain that the gentleman who is at the head I ©I that affair, will guard tha interests of the I; eolony in the matter of securities upon which ?^advances are made. I consider that mining ?'has been the salvation of this colony. Very ?i fewwill be found to controvert that state I xnent. I most say that X think the tninh^g I commnnity have reason to complain, that I upon the only mineral railway line in the |: colony these should be differential rates. The I. return called for by the hon. member for Yil I gam shows the marvellons retnrns of that I tine. I do not think, that such lines of rafl I way should be penalised for the agricultural If Jines. Upon agricnltoral lines every facility if is given, and in some instances only half rates lh are charged for agricultural products and h timber. r Tee Pbbmeeb (Hon. Sir J. Forrest) : Not K half rates. , Me. E. P. SHOLL: Yes half rates for [ timber. I . Thx Commibsiokbr of Bailways : I do not [-. know what you call fall rates. Ma. K. F. SHOL1L : Timber is token over ; the other lines at half the rates charged upon the goldfield railways. -'nThe Cokmibsiomkb of Eau-wats -. Timber .-. is* carried over all lines at the cane rates, and ;-' 'there is no difference vn't** for 'timber, being V exported. The same rates are charged on . ? timber being1 exported as -upon that being 'r carried up the country upon.. lots over 200 tons. « M&.B. F. SHOLL: That is an alteration made lately, and I am very pleased to hear of ; it. I hope thfe Hon. the Commissioner who ;. Ins now done justice in this respect will go \- further, and put all lines upon an equality and .- not penalise one to make up the losses upon pothers. The hon. member for Northam ex ' pressed a wish that the Government would bring forward a water conservation. Beheme *-4t hope they will, and I would like to say, that ' with their large surplus this year, I should -like to eee a Bum of .£20,000 or .£30,000 put upon the Bstimates for Artesian boxing .- That is s matter in which I think the Govern 7 ment would be justified in spending £40,000 . or £50,000, even if a good part of it proved a failure ; because if only one bore proved suc cessful, that wonld repay all the outlay. The . experiment; was tried in Queensland and proved a great success, and a gentleman from there who knows the troth of what he says, informed me that the discovery of water had t practically made a new province. I think the Government should follow the example of Queensland, and send someone to America, or to Queensland, and find out the best methods, and best appliances, and secure the very best export labor that they can obtain. X am sorry the Government have not yet realised the im portance of this matter. There is another tiling I should bke to say, as we are likely t% have a surplus again next year, the Govern ment should be prepared to construct ont of revenue some email lines of railway! They ' should have the surveys made ready to carry on the railway, say from Coolgardie to Hannan's. Me. A. FoRacsT: They are going to do that. Mb. E. F. SHOLL : Then we ought to have something on these Estimates for the work. I accept the hon. member's aBsnrance and say, I think the Government should be prepared to lay the track right away when the Coolgardie line is completed j and to do it ont of the revenue instead of out of borrowed money. If the money were required for revenue purposes in tbB future, it could easily then be replaced out of loan. This coarse wonld save interest . on money borrowed. I think I have no thing farther to say. I can only con gratulate the country upon its successful jtaid prosperous condition. I congratulate *liose gentlemen who sit upon the Treasury benches, upon the exceedingly fortunate time they have had since they have been in office, . not that I doubt they would be equal to the occasion if adverse times were to come. I hope however, they will not come too fast. I notice there is a lot of money going into bricks and mortar. I see there is a sum of £25,000 for a Supreme Court. I think a great deal less would do. I do not think we want large orna mental places where comfort is sacrificed to appearances. We 'want a good building it is true that may be an ornament ; but we do not want too much money spent upon bricks and mortar. I notice it is only proposed to spend £4,000 this year. I think the Government -zaight have pat up a building costing say ?3510,000 and not merely spend .£4,000. It appears to me they do not grasp the situation. ? Mb. SIMPSON: lam sure the country is to 'be congratulated upon the splendid way In . which its resources are being opened . up. Wherever we look new enterprise is taking place, and new resources are responding to the efforts of enterprising citizens. So much so that the Premier of the country is placed in i position to give us a statement that appears almost like a chapter frem 'the *T»Mpw, Nights.' Huge increases of population are recorded. Our credit is of the soundest, and ever whilst the Premier was favoring this country with his finnm-fai statement, we heard of the rains f»n™«- abundantly to bless the agriculturists of the colony. The Ministry ha3 been so thoroughly congratulated upon their wonderful policy, that I am myself . almost inclined to believe that the rains were a part of their policy. There is no doubt a good deal in the contention offthe hon. mem ber for Nannine, that the people of this country are enormously taxed. L-do not say that they fee! it as an extreme burden, but it is looked at from a statesman's point of view, an appalling thing to realise that the people are taxed to the extent of over £5 per head. I am not one to prognosticate evQ, we know ther&are; good times and bad times in the lives of countries . as of individuals, but it is beyond doubt, at it seems to me, that the people of this country will be unable to bear the extreme t»»Twiirm of £5 per head. Me. A. Fobkkst .- Take it off then. Mb. SIMPSON : It is extremely interesting to look at the way all forms of commerce are developing in this country. Speaking of the shipping trade alone. It is gratifying to us as sitizeas of this country, to see how rapidly our mercantile sh^ii^ trade ia expanding. I was much struck with this thought the other day whilst waiting on the Fremantle jetty the arrival of a steamer. It will be remembered that some time ago that huge vessel, the Botbwell Castle collided with the jetty at Fremantle, during some extremely boisterous weather. Whilst I was wailing down there, there were three large steamers .anchored out away from the jetty, because of the fearfully tempestuous weather, and at the same time there were three men and a boy employed on the repairs to the jetty. One of the shipowners complained to me very bitterly of the dis graceful neglect, that had been exhibited at tine very gate of the colony, and eaij£ tile way the repairs to that jetty were being carried on was a disgrace to the colony. Mb. Masmion ; It waa the weather. Mb. SIMPSON ; It was not the weather. The hon. member for Fremantle always 'seeks an excuse for the Government, but he does not always find ready disciples to accept his teaching. Well, Sir, it is a very grave mis fortune that the shipping at onr chief port is being treated with that disgraceful neglect. A gentleman pointed out to me th*t*he three large eteamers that were then lying off, could all have been berthed if the jetty had been repaired as it ought to have been, and as it wonld have been, if the work had been let by contract innf^* of being done deparWeni&lly.; ' I watched this crowd of workers, these three men and a boy, and the boy did not seem to have much to do. That, however, is a ,small matter except that it is indicative of the absolute neglect that is going on in connec tion with many of the important industries of tins country, ' It Tmpsiwis;giere is very large waste, and very much retardation of the devel opment of the country. The Son, the Premier in illuding to the pastoral and agricultural in dustries deplored the condition into which they had got. The causes 4-f that condition, however, are largely beyond onr control; The Premier expressed kindly sympathy, but- he failed to hint at any form of suggestion for the relief of those industries, fie availed him self again of the opportunity Jp make very indiscreet remarks about fm great finan cial j^fft^ fa»H^Ti « q£ this country. : I cannot imagine any greater calamity than for the remarks to go forth to the world, that were made by the Premier when speaking the other evening. He spoke of the «nn««-«i institu tions of tibia country in such a way as I believe was never known in history before. It was the most ^grievous - mistake that was ever made either in this colony .or in any other, when the Treasurer impugned the policy of the financial institutions of the country. Why did not the Premier stand up and say they were prepared ,%» reduce the rates of interest and thus assist the people ? With regard to agricultural settle ment, I am one of those who are in hearty sympathy with the settlement of people upon the land. . Allusion wap made to me by the hon. member for the /Williams, who was good enough to say I was a friend of the agriculturist. I do not follow the hon. member exactly on his lines, because I think many of the forms of assistance to agricul turists have led them into a tool's paradise. The Agricultural Bank has been alluded to. I never did believe in it, and f never will ?~ TmHl it is an established success in assisting the settlement of the land. As to people rushing down to town to secure Assistance from the Bank, I can assure hon. members upon unimpeachable authority that the gentleman in -charge of £jhe Bank was afraid to move becaifte of the security offered him. I believe *if anyone can. make a success of the Bank the present manager will do it Following up the remark of the hon. mem ber for the Gascoyne, .1 exceedingly regret that with fhe large resources that are now in the hands of the Government they have not initiated a large scheme for artesian boring. If they discovered only one artesian supply they would enhance the value of a very large tract of country. No one who knows, or who has read the history. of what artesian water has done for Central Australia can doubt what the results wonld be if we could have artesian water in our every . district. With regard to the Agricultural Bureau £ have only words' of praise. My hope is that in the future it inay be carried on in thesaoce self-denying spirit and with the same energy that it has been carried on hitherto. I shall not oppose the proposed increased gnat. I believe the Bureau is one of the best invest ments the country has made. It has -spread ?.broad and is spreading abroad the very best of information. With regard to the railway returns, I shall like to say, if hon. members look they will see in the Estimates, very careful analyses given for every other depart ment, bat in the railway receipts they axe put down, in one lamp earn £293,000. We know there are tens -of thousands of pounds that are from wharfages. They are not railway receipts ataJL . Mb. Mabkloh: Fremantle revenue. Mb. SIMPSON -. Yes. and other places as welL The rates for wharfage bave.also been increased since the railway department took the jetties over. These are exact facts. I am glad to see the Government propose to deal with, the Ecclesiastical Grant. It may be help ful if hon. members express their . views as to how the religious bodies are to be dealt with. I think it will be well for us, when the mes sage comes before us, to consider whether the House should not determine the form of in vestmentinto which this fond should be placed. I know that many of the Churches have men who carefully guard the forms of investment, into which funds like this shall be put, but I think it worth whQe considering whether Parliament should not determine jthe form in which the funds shall be invested. There is another natter I would very much like to have seen the Government spend a consider able sum upon, namely the development of oar timber industry. I think the Honse tails to realize the enormous wealth there is in the timber industry. I believe before very long our cailwaydepartanentwill be verylaigelyeinploy ed in hauling timber to our goldfields, particu larly on the Mnrcbison and Pilbarra, and other fields. Another email matter is the possibility of working up an export trade in timber for the block system. I think that in the city of Perth. £30,000 might well be spent in putting down blocks of timber as pavements in the street to show what can be done. Mb. A.S*oiibjbt; Why did you. not suggest it before. Mb. SIMPSON: The financial statement thathaabeen submitted iB indeed a hopeful one. It makes the country a pleasant one for the native bora in which to live, and it is equally pleasant for those who have made ittheii adopted home. The future is bright ; and all it requires on onr part is care and caution worthy of it. The hon. member for Koriham made some remarks on the land question. I suppose there are few men who speak more wisely or with more experience upon the question of the settlement of the land than he. ' There is very much force in what he suggest-* ed, as to settlement npon the land. I congratulate the country upon the splendid way it. has responded in every direction to the assistance that has been given to it. lam happy to be a member of the Legislature to welcome the statement put before on hy the Hon. the Premier. Mb. LEFBOY .- I do not intend to protract this debate to any great extent, but the oc casion of a debate upon the Budget Speech is generally used by those opposed to the Govern ment, as an opportunity to discuss their policy. There is one thing that is very satisfactory to my mind in the statement laid before as by the Hon. the Premier, and that is with regard to the finances. The financial statement has not been cavilled at to any great extent, by those cultured aad versatile critics, the hon members for Albany and Nannine. That is a very satisfactory thing to me. Z fed very certain that from the position those gentlemen hold, if there were & lack of any great im provements they could and (would have i pointed them out, in connection with the state ment made by the Premier. They would do so in justice to the country. The hon. member for Nannine dwell very much upon. lie fact that tiiis colony was at the present moment paying something like £5 10s. per head taxation through the Customs. To me it does not ' appear strange that it should be bo. Son. members should remember that in this colony there is' probably a larger proportion of adnlt population, than in any other part of the world. They are nearly all adult males who come to this colony. I might also mention the fact that last year ont of the revenue derived from Customs, three-eighths of it was de ' rived from spirituous and fermented liquors and from tobacco.' lam quite sure the hon. member for Nannine will not approve of that. I believe if we were to take the duty off every thing else, and leave those duties on, we should still be reckoned as paying about £3 per head. I *??»',*? the amount of taxation does not show anything extravagant when we remember. the large influx of a male population. The finances show we have passed through a year of very great pros-' perity, but I venture toaay that never per haps during the history of the colony, was there so much distress among the agricultural and pastoral people of the country. This fact was dealt with very hugely by the Premier, and I am happy to know the Government axe seeping their eyes upon these interests, and that they are thoroughly aware' of the de pression in so many quarters. I think a very great deal of the depression will soon leavens becouse we are having a better season this year than we have had for many years past. I am hoping we have now left the low water mark. If only the price of the greater staple product of Australia, wool, would go up a little, I think onr colony wonld be in a very much better state of permanent prosperity tlian it is in at the present moment. I do not think it a serious matter that the Hon. the Treasurer should under-estimate the revenue, I tninir £t *n*»flh better that he should- do so. I think it must be a very difficulty thing under the present circumstances of the colony to make a correct estimate of the revenue. This is a very different country, and in a very different position to 'victoria, for instance, which is probably stationary at the present moment. I fancy it would be much easier in that colony to come nearer the mark than in this, where we cannot possibly foresee what iB in the immediate future. 1 am not one of those who think it is such a pity to spend certain amounts of public money npon public buildings. I think onr public buildings in several respects are a dis grace to us. There is .nothing that strikes a stranger to any country more than a noble pQe of splendid public buildings. I do not believe in throwing' money sway. I think in Melbourne they have spent rather too much money in this respect, but some of onr public buildings are not in proportion to the position the colony holds among the countries of the world. I am pleased an amount is set down on the Estimates for improvements in this direction. The hon.. member for Geraldton had not very very much, to find fault with, except that only three men and a boy -were fouad -working at the fVemantie jetty, and tha£ the Govem . ment were leading some of our farmers into a fool's paradise. X hope the people are not so foolish as to be Jed into a fool's pacadise. I think when people go on the soil it is generally after mature consideration. They do not do so hurriedly, like some people take up shares in a gold mine. I hope the people who go on the land will do so to tbeir owa advantage, as well as that of the country. I thoroughly be lieve with the hon. member for die Williams there will not be eo much chaff and other agricultural products imported this current year, as were imported last year. I think the Premier is quite right in not estimating the revenue higberthan he has done. I feel proud to -jhiTilr that our country is in such a flourishing condition; and I am sure when in future years onr children and oar grand children read the history of this colony and its gold fields, it will read to them as some £airy tale. It is most interesting at the present moment to watch the development of this country, and - I feel glad to think that we have at the pre sent moment, ae members of onr Ministry, a body of men moved by patriotic motives, who will, I am sure, do their best to lead this countzy an to the prosperity to which we all look forward, bat if they fail it will not, I am sore, be done on purpose, bat through pare misadventure. , Mb. MOEAN: After waiting for an oppor tunity to say something in this debate, I think ire may sow surmise that the 'big guns ' on' ' both sides of the Boose have fired off their chatges, and that the smaller artillery may have 'play. 'Without complimenting the Government on the present state of the colony — that being a eong of which the House is getting rather tired* — my intention is to touch briefly on some prominent features of the Budget Speech. I wish to premise my remarks by taking exception to the oft repeated assertion of the hon. member f or*he Williams, that foft ™m»y sepresenJb&tives; if* this Honse are fond of twitting the agricul tural portion of the population with bang insignificant and unimportant. Speaking for myself, I most say that never on any single occasion during the two sessions I have been in this House have I opposed any measure brought forward for the benefit of agricul turists. Since the hon. member ottered his complaint this evening, I have taken the trouble to look through the Hansard record for last session — [Mb. Piesse .- Look through the reports for this session] — and I say that if the hon. -member maVeB such an assertion as to last session, or this session, and does not prove it, the failure to produce proof wSl discount any assertions of a like character he may make in the future. Speaking for myself, and I think the hon. member for Nannine will be able to vindicate himself as clearly I doa not think any Tnipmg representative in this House has shown antipathy to any measure brought in for the benefit of agricul ture. The imputation thus cast on the mining' members is altogether contradictory to the facta as revealed in the Haiigard reports I have referred to. I think I have supported agricultural railways when proposed in this House, although, perhaps, they have not had too many recommendations to warrant their construction at the present time; but I sup ported them from a desire to see justice and fair play, and perhaps a little more than fair play, rendered to the people in agricultural districts, and I have never begrudged my sup port to them whenever I thought it would be totheiradvantage that particular works should be undertaken. Therefore I repudiate the complaint of tho hon. member for tine Wil liams when he Bays certain members of this House talk as if the rajtiiyigr industry were the only industry in the colony, and that these members cast slurs on the agricultural industry. [Mb. Posse : 'Twitted,' I said/) I hope yon (Mr. Piesse) will deal more in fact, for the future, and less in assertion. The Ckaibmak : The hon. member for Til gam is ont of order in addressing himself to the hon. member for the Williams. Mb. MOEAN: I hope the Chairman will protect me against the hon. member's inter jections. I will now refer to the revenue derived from the railways, as being the most important feature in the Premier's Financial Statement. I have before me the return I called for on the subject of railway revenue, and it is now almost a part of ancient history, so long a time having elapsed between the time I called for it and the date at which it was laid on the table. I am sorry the return was not furnished some time ago, as I had hoped to have had an opportunity of tabling a motion in reference to it.' However, the return shows that the total receipts from Go- vernment railways during the last year was £293,000, and that the receipts from the Yil- garn railway alone amounted to £146,000, that one line having produced exactly one half the total received from all the railways. As to the return itself, I am not altogether satisfied as to the way in which the state ment has been made out, but it establishes the fact that the earnings of the Yil garn » traffic over ' the railway between Fremantle aad Southern Cross amounted to one-half of the total earnings obtained from all the Government 'Railways in the colony. I am taking the traffic earnings of that gold field railway separately as a basis of calcula tion, for convenience, and I. am reckoning the population on the goldfields -served by that railway as being in round numbers 20,000 — including Dundas and all the different centres on. those fields. The return ahows that the total earnings of the railway between Nor thern and Southern Cross was last year £112,518. Then there is the astounding statement that the total traffic earnings of the railway between Fremantle and Nor thern was £138,161, and oat of fids total we 4iave to' credit the goldfields with only £28,221, leaving to the Norfcham line as ordinary traffic a balance of .£109,940. It is a hard thing to contradict an officially prepared report of this kind, and yet I fear there is some fallacy in it, because if there was £112,518 earned between Northam and Southern Cross, there must be something wrong in the statement of the amount earned over theotner lengtn or railway. Jjater on, I propose to question the accuracy of this official return, and to examine the system on which the totals are made op. I eay the department has not credited the goldfields' traffic with a enfficient proportion of the earnings, for X believe the direct and indirect earnings of the xHgarn railway alone amount to considerably more than half of the total amount of the railway earnings in the colony. I will now refer to a debate which took place in this Honse last session, aad will read just one quotation of remarks made on an occasion which will be well within the memory of hon. members. I was speaking on the question of the high railway rates charged for goldfields' traffic, and am reported in Hansard as having used these words: — 'Finally, he asked the ' Government to say whether, if they found . 'the YOgarn railway was more than paying ' the working expenses, they wonld reduce the ' rate of freights to the ordinary scale.' The Commissioner of Hallways in his place replied, ' Yes.' Then I added, as stated in Hansard, that I hoped the Government would stick to that promise. That is the official record of what was said. [A Ministkk: That is not correct/} Well, there it is, reported in Han sard, and I say if thefiansard reports axe not correct, I wisn tne Government would take the trouble to-eee that they are made correct, be cause a 'responsible statement of that kind, appealing in the official record of debates, most carry considerable weight. I say the tame has come for the Commissioner of Rail ways to vindicate his promise. . I say that if the direct earnings on that line last year were £112,518, as appears in the return I have re ferred to, the time has consewhen that promise made by the Minister may, with justice, be carried out. That amount of earnings must be -well above the working cost of that rail way, and above the cost of interest on the capital outlay. I vfll endeavor, later on, to place before the House a statement showing what is the exact percentage of earnings on the total cost of construction aad the work ing expenses, and then we shall see what the Minister's promise is worth, and we shall see also how much the TOgarn railway is paying towards some of the duffer* railways in other parts of the colony. I believe that those members who are always lay ing before this Honse questions and little requeste for the Agricultural Bureau will be pleased to aee that we who represent the goldfields are not only willing to give to the agricultural railways and other proposals of that nature their just doe, bet something more than their one, and these members will, I hope, recognise that the time has come for them to give to the goldfields com munity an opportunity for getting our mining machinery and other necessaries carried by railway at the ordinary rates of charge, instead of those specially high lates which have prevailed since the Yilgam Eailway was opened to Southern Cross. I hope that, in stead of impuiang motives to mining members in this Honse, those hon. members who repre sent agricultural districts will deal witii oar proposals in the same spirit in which we deal with theirs. I, for one, strongly supported the proposal to establish the Agricultural Bank. I also strongly supported the proposed agricultural railway to Bridgetown; and I eay tfce goldfields' members have supported every practical proposal made in this House for Advancing the interests of agriculture. Surely, therefore, when I come forward with a request that justice be done to the mining community which I represent — and we do not want to pay less railway freight than the people who use rail ways in other parts of the colony — I hope I shall obtain the sympathy and support of every fair-mindedmember in this House. Pas sing now to the general revenue of the colony, tho amount received from Customs last year was £513,000. The hon. member for Nannine has supplied me with a basis of calculation, in stating that every member of the community pays an average of £5 10s. to the Customs in taxation on dutiable imports. Therefore, taking the population of the Coolgsxdie and neighboring goldfields at 20,000 persons — nearly all male adults — and reckoning only the same average of taxation per head for these male adults, we find that the Yiigarn district alone contributed last year through the Customs £110,000 ; and we may expect that, with the increase going on, the amount received from these people wOl be increased in this current yoar to £120,093 or perhaps £130,000. Coming now to mining revenue, the total amonnt paid to the Government lest year was £31,049. Taking a moderate esti mate of the proportion paid by the people re siding on and connected with the Tilgarn goldfields — including as they do Southern Cross, Coolgardie, Hannan's, White Feather, LO.IJ, Eurnalpi, Mount Margaret, Black Flag, Siberia, Broad Arrow, and other rapidly growing centres, also including the Dundas Seld — I am sore my figures are below the mark when I say that the Yil gaxn goldfields paid £30,000 ont of the £50,000 received. I think that must be below the mark, considering the revenue which these people pay on account of leases, busi ness licenses, miners' rights, and eo on. It may be said again, as it has been said before, that in this House I advocate the miniTiof in fcerast alone ; but my answer is that I prefer to mind the business and the interests of those I was sent here to represent, and to look after he concerns of my own constituency ; for it is only just to them that facts should be stated in this House, and that when my constituents are paying a large revenue to the country, the Premier and the Government should not pass too lightly over the matter of this revenue. When we see the mining population are pay ing to the revenue more than half of the total amount contributed by the whole population of the colony, this fact gives a large handle to those who advocate a water supply and other necessary conveniences on those growing fields which have not yet received sufficient attention from the Government or this House. The facts I place before the Honse, and the remarks which may be made upon them, will be recorded in Hansard, and I think the country will recognise the justice of the plaimc made on behalf of these goldfields. The amount of revenue received from business licenses most be considerable, and I put it down as being at lease £2,000; the amount for postal services I estimate roughly at £10,000 received from these 20,000 people on the Tilgarn goldfields, and they are all persons who have some correspondence through the post office. If the amounts I am estimating' are considered too high, I challenge contra diction of the figures. Coming now to stamp duty, the total revenue for last year was about £22,000 ; and, considering the large transac tions upon the goldfields in the sale of leases — transactions so large and frequent that this colony had never before seen, or even dreamt of , transactions of this magnitude occurring here until the recent great developments changed the condition of the colony — I esti mate that about £7,000 of the total was contributed frcm these goldfields alone Coming next to telegrams, if there is one department that the mining indnsixy has kept going and helped in expanding, it is the tele graphic department ; for only those of us who are actively interested in the mining industry, and have to send or receive dozens, scores, hundreds of telegrams within a short time can be fully aware of the vast amount of tele graphic business now carried on in connection with, these goldfields. To illustrate, I may mention that on last Saturday, in connection with public business, I received ten telegrams from various parts of my own constituency; the messages and the replies bad to be paid for : and I am sure the mem bers of this House who are connected with ^lining have paid in one month inoro than £10 for telegrams and cables alone. Every person who is actively connected with shares and rniiring- in this colony Hoes his business by the quick process of telegraphing', for if you want to be up to time in business of this kind yon most use the telegraph. Taking £38,000 as the total revenue received for telegrams last year, I estimate that quite £15,000 of this amount, or one half of the whole, was received for telegrams in connection with the Yilgarn goldfields. For the water supply I take the revenue at £10,000 for the year. Now, putting together all these sources of revenue, aa I have esti mated them, the proportion paid by the Tilgarn community will be: — Bail ways, £146,000, Customs, £110,000, Mining revenue, £30,000, licenses, £2,000, Postal, £10,000, Stamps, £7,000, Telegrams, £15,000, and Water Supply, £10,000; making a total of £324,000 paid by the community on these goldfields alone. I think there is a Minister or two left to reply, and surely they will have listened to what I have said, and will have an op portunity to contradict my figures, if that be necessary. J^at ua have opea and fair debate upon facts and principles; and, when -we quote figures and facts, we should be pre pared to stand by them. Bat 1 say the figures I have given are below a fair estimate, raiher than above it. When we have the estimated expenditure for mining purposes during the current year, amounting to £33,000 for t'ae administration of the whole of ttieso gold fields. We have for Water Supply £43,000. {The Peemike: £20,000 of that is spent already.] Well, that leaves £23,000 remain ing to be expended. We have also tho up keep of railways to goldfields, and of postal services. Turning to the salaries paid to officers in these services on the goldSelds, you will find the highest salary is less than £203 and the rest range down to £S0, while the total amount paid for tho postal and tele graph services on these goldfields is not mnch. Indeed these under-paid servants axe so over worked that we have succeeded in killing four or five at Coolgardie — killed with ovei -work. I have eeen these over-worked servants on duty at all hours, and I dare say some hon. members in this House, when visiting the goldfields — probably the hon. member for Albany can bear me out by what he has seen there — have seen these public servants working till three or four o'clock in tho morning. I am endeavor ing to show, by these remarks, that when we came forward with just claims for the gold fields' community, we are not putting forward any extraordinary claims. Indeed on this occasion I am simply vindicating those who have recognised the fact that a considerable revenue comes from these goldfields, and that the colony depends on them, very largely for its prosperous and improved condition. There will be farther claims for water supply ; and I say that, before the coming' summer is over, and notwithstanding all the welcome rain that has fallen daring this winter, there will be some extraordinary demands on the Government for water supply at the new mining centre3 of population There is no doubt that^ will be so, and, besides that, we must remember that there ie a growing agitation in the large centres for the Government to do something for the sanitation of the towns, by making some provision for sanitation outside the boundaries of the municipalities, where iarge numbers of men are congre gated, and where some sanitary arrange ments should be enforced for protecting the general health of the community. From A^Almnlia ant) 779-nntin'fi ivi rair't^OTllfl.'r- £faf* 1 — '-?^'— - ? ? 1 ? r r ii r ^ »*, — *» 3. .-.^* ? , — — Premier will have received representations th&t; there is no precaution taken outside the tovn boundaries for protecting the public health. The necessity for making this sani tary provision should be looked upon as a public duty. No doubt Perth and Fremantle have both suffered from tho fever, which has been brought down from the goldfields — not through any inherent nnhealthinesa of the goldfields' climate, but simply from the fact that sanitation is not duly attended to outside the town boundaries. These are the only two items — water supply and sanitation — that I now ask the Govern ment to keep their eye on. When extra ordinary demands such as I have indicated are made on the Government, I hope they will deal with them promptly. I cordially sup port the member for Northam in his agri cultural demand that something should be done by way of forcing settlement along the unused lands of the Avon Valley. X will not detain the House longer. I hope the Govern ment will take the opportunity of replying to what I have said, by admitting the tacts stated, or by showing that they are fiction. I have struck what I believe to be a fair proportion, in my estimate of the revenue received from these goldfields, and I have shown that, besides the general impetus given to the trade of the colony by these goldfields, and the indirect revenue received through the Customs, as well as the railway revenue for goldfields traffic, these goldfields have returned to the Government a large direct revenue from leases, licenses, stamps, and miners*- rights. In reference to the claim of these fields for a reduction of railway rates to the ordinary level, I intend to table a motion before long with the object of doing jastice to the mining com munity in the matter of railway rates, by enabling these people to have their mining machinery and raw material carried to the fields at ordinary rates. I am sore the in crease in trade and the development of the fields that will follow as a consequence of the redaction in rates of carriage will more than repay the Government for any immediate loas of revenue on the goldfield lines. Mb. GEORGE-. I do not intend to make many remarks in this debate, which cannot, however, be considered to be unprofitable, because eo many experts have given as the benefit of their special knowledge and sup plied as with figures which no one has yet controverted. I must draw attention to the fact that there is not a quorum present. The CHAiMtAatt I find there is now a quorum present. MB. GEORGE: I think the Financial Statement given by the Premier is one we can all be proud of — one which the Premier should be prona to nave naa rue opportunity of delivering to this House and to the whole world. It is a tale of prosperity which the last year has given to .this colony, and it also gives a fair picture to those persons in other parts of the world who may be looking with interest to Western Australia, as to what this colony has been in the past year and what it is likely to be in the coming year. One part I would draw attention to is the fact that the old idea which was prevalent, that persons coming here from other colonies or different parts of the world would be viewed with jealousy by those who have been long in the colony, ia now dis pelled, and the Premier, in his statement, has shown that we are all desirous of in viting and welcoming people who may come here from outside to cast in their lot with ?us and help as to posh the colony ahead. Another thing I most congratulate the Premier on, and I was pleased that he had the courage to state it so em phatically, and that ia the fact that rail ways in purely agricultural districts can be made to pay in this colony. As a representa tive of an agricultural district, I am glad to have heard that statement made on such high authority; and I hope that the Premier, feel ing the full weight and significance of his statement on that point, will not refuse to other mncicnltural district: the same facilities that be and his Government have given, wilL the consent of Parliament to the Bonth-westert districts. [Ms, E. P. Shots* : Your iafl- way will not pay.] Any way, it is » very fair experiment for the country to make and I hope the country wQl make a few mow such experiments. While the Premier vaf speaking, I interjected that the £40,OOOwhici he proposed to vote for the purchase of ad- ditiona! rolling stock was too email a sum tot the requirements of the present xailwaya; t*of he assured me, with aHth© weight of his posi tion, that this snm was all the country cottH afford to spend at ptesent. I was sorry tt hear that. The Psemiee (Hon. Sir J. Forrest): I did not say that is all we can afford. Mb. GEORGE: Well, X so understood it) and I think the interjection I made, that thi. amount was too little, was folly warranted by the fact that the railways in ttds ealony hav» not sufficient for working one half the present traffic properly. The state of distepair i» , which the rolling stock — including the looo- motives, the tracks, and the coaehe*— are m. now is absolutely disgraceful to the depart* ment; and when we find that only Jt4OjO0Oia pat down in the Estimates for additional 10B ing stock— when we find alao fiiat it » abaost impossible to get imported goods cuwejed away from FremanOe as the great xeeecF ing depot of the colony— Chen I «ay my interjection was quite justified, aad is deserving of more -*»'» pouring note. There can be xio question as to the ' rolling stock being in astateof dSspairthat I have described, for if any hon. atember -wit* understands the matter, or has emit a .little superficial knowledge, will take his stand Mar the railway, say in Perth, and see -w boar tiw locomotives knocking and knaekiag as if tbtgr were old tin-kettles, or if he will go to Ixe msntle and see the dreadful state the loos motives there arc in, aad -will observe the way they knock and rattle like old concerns, that practical observation will convince him that £40,000 is far too little for tits ponhase of additional rolling stock. And X say tins atste of things is a disgrace to Ute department - which pretends to supervise these old loco motives, which are the very fioagi that should earn freight for making the isftwaya pay. The Commissionerof Sagway»may toy that this is so, but the facts are them *» be seen. Tjte PixirnB film. Kir 3 If, ? m1\ *n-m £40,000 is for additional rolling stock. Ma.GEOEGE-. Yes ; but I«ay tfce lecom* tives being in this bad state of repair, JUOfiOQ will not provide additional rolling stock sufficient for immediate zeqakemegstB. Ik is a notorious fact that ?tuff imported into Fremantle is lying there spoiling, because yon have not sufficient rolling stock for conveying N the stuff up the line to Perth and other places. ' Two years ago there was a great ootery in this country about the want of tracks aad the consequent block at Fremantle, and when ihs Commissioner of Railways went there toeee the state of things for himself, what did be find? Goods were lying outside the sheds exposed to the weather, and no tarpaulins even lor covering them temporarily. Then a great effort was made to build more sheds, and they are available now; but the imports have been increasing, and the sheds are filled with goods which cannot be conveyed away fast enough, for want of railway rolling stock. Only the other week at Fremantle, I saw huge piles of imported produce which thU country does not y- t growin sufficient quantity, though I think it will do so before long, and this imported pro* dace w. ? ancovered, without even tarpaulin* to protect it from rain. I say that any proper managers would have had the foresight to arrange for the erection of sheds sufficient for the increasing traffic, in order to prevent tba loss and ruin that are going on now. With re ference to the cost of constmctingnew xaH«ays in this country, the latest contract let was at the very low cost of £500 per mile for construction. That is a circumstance which we cannot hop* will continue in this colony; bat X ask the Government to consider that the amount of money they wQl save between the actual amount of the railway contract and tike amount of the departmental estimate for the work might be fairly and equitably devoted to providing the requisite rolling stock required for carrying on the xailway txaffia of the country. If the Government can nxvnlv the monev in that n». X. for one, shall be well pleased. Ther* is another item ia the Estimates for additional improvements to opened railways, £40,000. I do hope some information will fat . given us before we commence to debate each item, and that is an item which might fairly be explained. The Pbejosb (Son. Sir 3. Forrest) : We irifl give all the information. Mb. GEOEGE: There is another item I wonld like to see, in connection with, the Public Works Department— thai is I worid like to see in the Estimates some item Cram which compensation could be drawn in cases where the unjust and stringent clause* of contracts press hardly on contractors, and where redress is out of the question. Daring this session we have had an attempt made to taring into tsis noose a notenoaa case wherein a contractor has been dealt wrflt unjustly and unfairly by the Wtrks Depart* ment. The man is ' now left oat in the cold, pressed by conditions which are absolutely unjust and tyrannical— -conditions nnder which do honest contractor can do justice to Htm work and justice to himself, without fiwiing tiimwlf brought before the very man who made the conditions, to decide the points at issue. This is tho only country I know when the Engineer-in-Chief is allowed to be the sole arbiter on the conditions he has made in a contract. It is a scandal, and prevents ? better tone obtaining among the contractor* for public works in this colony. ToshowJiow the system operates, there is an estimate pre pared, say, by the Public Works Department] and the whole reputation of the departmental heads being dependent on the question whethec the amount of the estimate is exceeded or not, there ie no care whatever as to what expedient is used, provided the work is kept within the amount of the estimate, but if exceeded at all, there is something to be paid which is not provided for in the estimate; consequently if, by hook or crook, the Department can manage to screw a contractor down, they d« so, and it is nothing to the Department if they ruin him and fim«-i the contract. The Chabsmak (referring to an interrup tion) : My conduct having been challenged this evening foe allowing anv interruption, . ' .?'?.-?? *t«U while* member is speaking, I shall ' :' 4-e gladif hoa. members will allow the hon. member, for y^ Murray to have ab \- . (joints- silence daring the continuance of his \--. -speech. , - . „ Me. 6E0EGE: There have been recent \- . ..,,'**asliawayB on 4fce Sooth-Western railway, .-? ,_., ,i^and.I .would like to point oat that in mak v , . ; '- Wg surveys for . new railways, it would be ' .. jwett fox the department to give some atten ? ? ? .-, i-^f. 1*- JfippeaentatioM made by the 'oldest . _\ .' .; jpljabitant in the district' as to tiie rain . ,r falL ? That authority as to the weather 'may be. looked upon by. skilled officers of the Works Department as being merely \- a mythjeal -individual ; but, all the same, I aay- that . if ' the oldest inhabitant ' . - tin f&ffjr; Sooth-Western railway district had : t .\, beffl /tqngaltod . as to the quantity of rain . /faUiBg at periods, there would have been . _ g^ven to tbe. department rateable information, _ . . .;, -. . * ' .?yhirfi^rotght bare-prevented these washaways. -. i.'_. .TJbere?»a.b«no/qua^ottaJ-c«tthe correctness y .of .any of mj Bfarpmenfa because they are i, .,-.--,-? .-'3-W«LJW facts. If there is one thing more ... . ^^^an. another that the pnhlk works policy , ... . .; .teaidB tp foslBiiitiE that tiie present system .. : .-.- - : ; *M^ :4eparfaneat is causing- to grow up a »-. , i. ii ; -WII^«t«lay wort What on earth do I- rt -- - t#^*9»*» -tf.fl»e Works Department mean by ... ,(. .^Jk?. Instead ^;*aetering private enterprise ??5 i ,-^§pL-enco«iraging a raoeofxmaU contractors' \- * -.-.? .., - . ; ='f'l»- ;WPfdd form a nucleus of their era . - ,. - ^jeyaral, fA^Sa-pi workmen, and be able : , .£0 do th$ contract jobs 1st oat by the depart ..: - -;!' ma£,-,in a -cheaper and more economical , ,r -_ .^inaHaer, than tive, Government could dp the t '?-.:/, .\ ? #^^a!-W:jti»«;OWateMy) there seems to be a t-' --i -*-.;? ;-, *g^WW-&e; patt-»£ the .Government to go /; «-? '.-.'? -^J*?3^BdingttiB-j)olicy'Ofdoing workby day \- ?-. '-. '/, j-!- ^^ftr.JPH^6'!* '-* letting it out in small \- 3 2 r_i » #flBfcwk-£ -.S-ei» 'are. - for instance, the \- . { «u- r jftyirq|Ufoh-»bprJworkc abpat which we hear *r- -?' c.-w . ^^ jnuqhjiand.iL have not the fltighfest hesita ???-., ; -?? ;;^aj»iftaaying-U»atthi« work, if let oat to con /.?„.; -?:, . itra^OW, gGPBJfl -breqra^to the requirements '. - ;-..?:-- ^ rf*9 E$gin#e*»ia-Chie£ Butthe department «'?:. -:-? TP*^«8»^ie3-oJi(gHrfdoing this and other works * .--:*;?..- :- - 7-kl,4w*iWfe#udvb* a3io!J™B£ it to go on, this '. ,,,i ^ Sf ,HoRsa,wftl ?tafranaltiplyingtke ataff o£ officers, , -; ? 1- .- ^.yh»hav«jto he. paid large aahwipB; and,, what r ./, .'j.-.-s 'M »ppe- 4wgeroo6, you -will be gathering -. -.v. ; -?. « -fapgnd y«w »iarg« crowdrof day workers, who s-J t.i ;r,-^inajr Awi berjB. ae jha« baen foand elsewhere, v that their very existence depends on the . 1 ,? ; '. ? electaonor oontn-nance -in power of a party, or \- .-. . a Qowwwnflut, ?which will pntsae a policy of *l ?'?:?.-??-' -L , Iborrowin^^ and -apending on public works, ? ?? ' -.?-?-. .. '.?«» -*det to ? providB- «mployment, at any ; -,. _,j - flost,;.. fgr ' the; .ejowds of .workers at , , Jit^Bjated cfeere ? by -this dangeroos policy. ' . / ,.. ? We hare seen the evii results of that ?t - system in Victoria,, and I hope this col-. / ; r. ,-;©ny will take * cantionary lesson, and will «- ,. ? -'baar inmindwb^ Ubs been ti^ misforUme of : -...??-- other /jpjouiea -which havo depended too much .-- , . . ,'.;r.-.-^&& Joan .-expenditure. I 'know that, in Vic \- ' . ..*„ -, - 4^r^aji^66/)0Qwa« spent «n the conBtruction of \- -t.' c ? ;i r*«aejailway, rtuod watbjn nine .months of its * ' ?' : «/ ; 'ooajplet^pn.iiift Government suddenly changed. r ... , ..?. Uieir plan, a*d. pulled up the tails and sleep .- : : .. . i. cra^.ajch.had been laid ; and there Are now .- ; . .--. 1 . MfnifleB of earthwork^ with, bridges, standing useless to this day, as a moanment to the :'l ? . folly of carrying out the most suicidal policy \- ...: ? ;o*iPtoJi1ieal ^-rolling-. X hop a and believe, ,. . . , u , the Premier-, here has too xnech sense: to1 r... ?: ? -v qP-Qii ? himself to . be carried away by ~ : - «ueh s infinences ; and I do hope the I - \\. ' - ^idiQa o£ s&ak;$xk&*tib& . Ooveroinenii in this. ; . cplany a : huge employer of : voters whose very existenoe depends on the carrying, oat of a.pabliiS'wnrks.poli^'atanyooBt. ..Iwonldalso lilcetoseesoffliftrttle— and in this matter some II . :..- . ; .glder pplititWTig. than, .myself can pnobably ^ay ??;?. . - ..whether the idea ie practical or is not, thongh I«m perhaps, too .-young a member.. to speak ...' . wi& authority and weight on tbe matter — ! . .- I-wbold Jiketo see some system by which- each r «leetoi*l dietriat should be able to ascertain . ' ? .? ? from year? to -year, how- much of the public .. money available it should have spent on -works \- : within its area, instead of the people in any : -?. . . . idietrict being mode to .feel that, whatever they . . laajr get sow as Use- result rf importunate ?- .. . . solicttations by .their member or by deputa. ? . . - . -; lioos.itiegiveB to them as a favor. As far as ; ??'? - :-iayotwi.flMtnfifaaadit8 wanta are concerned, 1 : . . ' -. . can fceelyaay that the Premier has bean very a. : . - kind .whenever I have gone to him -and put » .- any pnblia requkeawct before him. I do .'- . ..' : not Jfcnow -whether it is due to the fact that I ;.*-*.?' 1* / ?'-jba'TO iuA' fisked for/ MiyM^iinCT- onreasonaihle $ :-. . : : .batetill I jwould like to feel that as to the ..(„-. distrust: 1 pqoeseob, what is granted to it is -'-..-. ' -gwrenat a-rigirt -and net as a favor, and not ?tkfct I shonid- have to go to a Minister and -...V. *.. - impdrtoss: . liim t linto giving me that as 4 favor which should be the right ' i i ;- . v;iof- .i&\- :ttislrk±; The hon. member for Northam spoke of -the increases of salary ~. ?'?' '-.;-» 'various officers. lam not an advocate of ' :. : 5. ...- 1 pootiy-paid asrvants, -and have never, as an ;.-..? t . empkrpar,pud»poor wage, therefore I would x---. /-???; itket»8cobettemalan-?9 paid to good servants, :- . ? . ~ . -. aad I would l&e; to see fewer men employed. -.-- 4 ..,.-- «sndor a- oeccer ctoag, vo canyon ine jrUDlic ;?.-'. / ... -... ^(pkB&epiurtment.; I would like to see more f ' - ' - -indrndtul action oa tiiepartof officers,and : ? ??? : less ^red-tape formality. Idonotlft:etosee, aBitbas*een-niy fltfortmie to aeo while ac t « tag m« m«mbe* of tha CSrii Service Commis \- : sion m mqp&tBg; into the Works and Railways ?; - . - ??' DepwPttnen^knge piles of paper referring to ' ? ~' : - ? jnaitera o£,-zoabne, And what axe they 'all ? ? ^ifco^r^itey«eai»at small matters which i '? ? - -?- j--,.^ ^cSioSry Hian of business would dispose of 1 - ? iAa HtneSshorterway. laay, pntat theheadof \--? I-...- AaBittrtrtwatteetterjaMai, who wfll know how to get ttirongE a» work expeditionsly, with «iti)ffiaf ^ap aes» heaps of paper records, ? *? :t -?«? fa^ead «rip6BdiBg-J3SrfWO in boildmg a new ' ?????' sJBnpre%ie^fJoac^;we shall; if this red-tape sys '- - »'? ?? ; |^goe8«i,i«vrfto8pendi2B0,-»0mtmlding ' a reaord rooni ofvuScissfrcapsait; for storing -: tijesoaccnmaUKang heaps of useless paper. We ; iney, by -tiio way, hsve-te staita paper mill ? *' ? te«IBmw^«m!3»e'«P-*a8B paper records, which are being -piled nowia al} directions. ; ' ' There iff anothearmatter. Becentfy the Com xniBaittner ofBaQways-caOed on me to bless, in a certain mattefa«-tD-whic3i he thought I was wrong;' but, as -I conld not conscdentioualy CfesB, I did my best to do the otter tiling. I ' ' ' '' sow re-asBert, with all the weight .1 can, what H. previoasly said as i to the way in: which pnb lic accounts are paid in connection with the ' ' Works and Baalways Department , I Bay again '? ~ the system is a ^iagrace to- the department; andTE say-it witterat fear of contradiction. I -~ saythat.iftiie Treasurer would only loot into ' lie 'matter, he would earn the *J»«iVn of the 'sjwhfntiTiity; for the fact is £hat^ at present, after persons have done work for that depart ment, they can tell when they will get the money. The excuse may be that the account i3 not passed, or the voucher has been lost, or some such, excuse. That sort of thing occurs more particularly in. the Public Works De partment; and there have been some great in stances - of it within the last few months. After I had referred to it in this House on a previous occasion, I foand that one of the largest accounts was paid two days afterwards, and I believe the Commissioner had himself inquired into that casaf The Treasurer would earn the thanks of the people by investigat ing the cause of these delays. My remarks in this debate, have been addressed to the Government, -with the object of showing how the Treasurer's faf»'l statement hae struck me; atfd although many of us may differ from the Premier on various points, still our re marks, jf taken in tbe proper way, should be of considerable use to him -for the information they convey, and I hope that on this occasion they will result in some good. Hie Excellency the Governor, £1,446: Mb. B. F. SHOIX thong-ht some attention should be drawn to this item, and it appeared as if some explanation from the Premier was necessary. There had been laid on the table of the House certain' regulations controlling the. expenditure in connection with Go vernment House. He failed to see that the provisions in these regulations were borne out in the Estimates. Under the Estimates a elett was to be paid .£250, but that amount was different io what was stated in the Begulations and the gardeners were' .also to be brought under other control. It would be far better for the .Estimates to carry oat the Regulations. Tbe PBEBIIE& (Hob. Sir. 3. Forrest) de sired to point out thst the regulations referred to were not yet in force, nor would they be so long as tbe present Governor held Office. The Estimates were prepared before there was any resignation — in fact, Sir William Bobinson was at present the Governor, and until he re signed or vacated the position the ^Regulations could not be- brought into force. The expendi ture was really the same as it would be under tie regulations only it appeared under differ ent headings to what it . would when another Governor was appointed. The alteration would be made as soon as there was a change in the Governor. So far as the clerk referred to was concerned he really did Government work, and not what might be called the per sonal work of & Governor. Me. £. F. SHOLL would much prefer that the regulations were adhered to instead of the old order of things being retained. '' Thk PRK1WTRR ' /HVin StV T V/n-n^eti emdhasised the fact that the regulations wonld be followed out .in the Estimates when ever a- change in the Governorship took place. It could not be done with the present Governor. Mb. R. F. SHOLL enquired who the pre sent Governor was. Did the colony have a Governor at all ? ' Was he getting paid? TffEpKEMiEE(Hon. Sir J. Forrest) : He is receiving half salary. Ms. E.F. SHOLL felt it necessary to urge an extraordinary fact— or at least it appeared to him extraordinary in the extreme that a Governor of the colony shotild be permitted to be a director of a gold-mining company, and also of a bank. He knew he was receiving money from Beveral companies, and now it appeared that he was getting half -pay as Governor- as well. When Lord Hopetoun, the Governor (X Victoria, went away on six' months' leave of absence, and was appointed to another position before it expired, tie immediately informed the Government of that colony that he would not accept anything further. To my mind the Ministry Bhould at once telegraph its protest against the Governor acting on the boards of companies while Governor of this colony. The PBESilEB. (Hon. Sir J. Forrest): 03s leave of absence was granted by the Imperial^ Government — not by us. He would like to point oat that there was nothing- in the Estimates contrary to the Regulations and these Regulations would be enforced as soon as a new Governor was appointed. Sir William Robinson's Leave of absence had been extended to August 16th, but tbe Ministry had not been informed whether he had resigned or whether a ' further exten sion of leave had been granted. They fully expected to hear something about the matter without delay, and he could see so reason to object to the Estimates in then present form, when the House was assured that £he regulations would be adhered to in future. Mb. fi. F. SHOLL believed that even now the vote should be strictly in accord with the regulations. The keeping up of the Grounds and Gardens, and other items, were to be taken out of the control of the Governor, and that should be done right away. There had been ' an occasion where a Governor had appropriated the vote for gardeners in order to pay iiis domestics, and the Regulations would prevent that sort of thing. xiui r«?-— 't* ? '.«. ^xluu. oir *?. xuixeasi naroxy understood it to be possible for the vote to be appropriated in this way, even under the present system. It could only have been done when the vote was, as a whole, for Government House, without details. How ever, he assured the House ' that the vote would be in accordance with the £egolations as soon as a fresh Governor was appointed. Item put and passed. Executive Council, £253 : Item pot and passed. legislative CbttncH, .£2, 145; Me. R. F. SHOLL noticed that among the increases was one of .£50 to the Hansard reporter. Was he over-worked in that Chamber? Tps PREMIER (Hon. Sir 3. Forrest) : He has certainly been poorly paid. Item pat and passed. Progress reported. PKOTECTJON AMD KBCOVEEY OF CEOWX : PBOPEBTY BILL. Introduced by Sir 3. FORREST (in the absence of Me. Bust) and read a first time. SALE OF GOODS BILL. Introduced by Mb. JAMES and read a first' time. FREE PASSES ON TBE BAILWAYS. Mb. JAMES, in accordance yri& notice, moved that a return be laid on the table of the House showing-. — 1\. All persons to whom railway free passes hare been given between 1st July, 18941, and 1st July, 1895. 2\. Tiie reasons, in each case, why, the free pass was given. 3\. The duration of the free pass. This return'&otto; include free passes to railway officials in connection with depart mental work. Agreed to. ADJOURNMENT. The House, at 10.30 p.m., adjourned until 4.30 pjn. Jthe following day. 