' rutherglen borough COUNCIL. The ordinary meeting of the above council was held in the _ council chambers on Monday evening last, when there were present — The Mayor, and Crs. Audley, D. G. Hamilton, BurroweB, Scott, D. Hamilton, Taylor, and R. Ready; The minutes of the previous meet ing were read and confirmed. ' correspondence. From Country Fire BrigadeB' Board, notifying that council's contribution for the year ending December 31, 1895, would bo £22 8b. Received. From J. A. Taylor, secretary A.N. A., requesting refund of hall rent chargod for concert held in aid of widow and family of the late Mr. M'Evoy. It was decided on the motion of the Mayor, seconded by Or Scutt, that the amount be voted as a donation. Carried. From Shire of Rutberglen, in reply to council's letter re formation of the eastern boundary road, stating that this matter would be taken iu hand as duuu uo auuub mo uvminuw wt tuc j mrpoBe,; the necessity for the wert - ms been recognised.;by the council., t Received. ' „ From Department of Lands and' 'i Survey, notifying thatthe appointment i of Messrs T. Looney and T. Dreneh, , as members of the committee of : management of the Rutherglen recrea tion reserve in place of Wm. Anthony and Wm. Mesban, had been gazetted. From Victorian Railways, replying that the erection of another weighing machine on the open platform at the Rutherglen railway station would necessitate the employment of another man to attend to it, which expense the department was not prepared to in cur. Received. , From John Bowser, M.L.A., notify ing that he had again brought under the notice of the Publie Works De partment the matter of Conroy's well, wbich was reported to be the source of the cases of typhoid fever, and that Mr Seamark wonld inspect the locality complained of on Monday. Received. From same, forwarding notification from the Police Department, to the effect that an extra police constable would be sent to Rutherglen as re quested by council. Received. From same, notifying that he had communicated council's wishes with reference to the width of High-street bridge to the officer in charge of that work. Received. The Mayor stated that he hod inter viewed Messrs Allan's tuner with reference to the town hall piano, and bad been informed that it would cost £10 to repair same, or in view of couuci) purchasing a new piano, be would allow tbem £12 for the old one. The matter was held over for fur ther consideration. From Municipal Association of. Victoria, in reply to letter asking; for an opinion as to whether council, has power to have the racecourse reserve, which is now gazetted as a. public park, re-gazetted as a racecourse, Btating that the council could refer the reserve back to government for re- gazetting, but it was not considered desirable to hand the reserve over to a private racing club. Cr D. G. Hamilton was opposed to any action being taken in the matter. Cr. D. Hamilton said that the re quest of the race club had apparently Ucuu uiioLuiJo i ru«U| itD vOu? ouiy ro required that the name of the reserve should be altered from a public park to a racecourse, tbe council to still re-, main as trustees of same. He beld that they were justly entitled to this request being granted, as they had ex pended a large amount in improving the property, and intended to erect further improvements this year. After some further discussion it was decided to hold tbe .matter over till next meeting. From same, with reference to a question ub to whether counoil has power to make a bye-law to regulate width of tyres, advising, with somo doubt, that- a bye-law might be oare- fully prepared and put into force with a view of testing the practicability of coping with the difficulty in the way. Cr Scott moved that Mr Bowser be written to, informing him of the ur gent necessity of an aot being passed by Parliament in order that munici palities could enforce the use of wide tyres for heavy traffic. Cr D. Hamilton seconded the motion, which was carried. inspector op nuisances' report. Tbe inspector of nuisances reported that he had mado a tour of inspection in the borough on 19th and 20th of last month, and found its sanitary condition in fair order, with tho ex ception of some buts, which were not provided with cloBOtB. Received. Also, notifying that 27 bead of cattle 85 Bheep, 21 lambs and 12 pigs, had been slaughtered in the borough during the past month. Received. treasurer's report. Tbe tredBurer's report showed a credit balance of £15 4s. lid. Re ceived. roadsman's report. The roadsman reported as follows : — With reference to work in Meehan street, ho recommended that the work bo aono without rock, whioh wonld effect a saving of £8 or £10 ; with regard to Booth street, he had asked tenderers to state price for fnll formation, as he was under tho im pression that cost of half formation wonld bo greater in proportion. He had ascertained that quarry stone oan be obtained at 2s. per load at the quarry. About six to eight loads wonld do tho crossing at the intersec tion of Main and Drnmmond streots, with a few loads of hill metal to finish off with. Mr. Fortune bad informed him that tho. lowest prico be wonld take for the roller was £7. Ifoogh is Co. havo nearly completed their contract for fencing in tho park, and be recommended payment of samo inbjcat to its completion. Tho 'report -was "received 'on tho motion - of . Cr. Audley, seconded .by Cr. D. G. Hamilton. . . OrvSeott moved, Or. D. Hamilton sooonded, that tbe road roller ho pur chased at the amount stated.— Car ried; Cr. Scott moved, Cr. D. Hamilton seconded,- that the roadsman con struct a quarry crossing at the inter section of Main and Drummond streots. — Carried. finance. Tho following accounts were passed for payment: — W. L. Boyd £10, W. N. Bell £5, W. O.- Baylies £7 10s., J. Fortune £5 16s. 8d., Constable Man- field £2 10s.f petty cash £1, T. Drenen £2 5s;, Keogli £0 13s.6d., W. H. Gubb £20 2s. 5d., insurance £5 6s, 3d., Prentice Freehold £2 10s,, Fire Bri gades Board £7 ,17s. ' tenders; i ; The ' following tenders were dealt with : — High street, near W. Nott's : Raise footpaths and put: up post — W. Curtain, £2 9s. .Readystreet : About About 30 chains of formation and hill RVliUij'lUUbpUbU grUYtUHJU OU OHO blUO — JV. Peyotz. £47 : 17s. Meehan I. RaAtoU; iLiUiOs. iuieBan' strq'/ ) near Forthhe street.: 5 chains forriiii- A- tion, rock foundation for about 3 uhainB, and remainder hill gravel, and tooth— N. Fortune, £13 10s. Mur phy street : From Church to Murray street, 3. chains, and crossing — Fresh tenders. Reeve pireot : Formation and metal, 7j chains — M. M'Evoy, £20 Nott street; Formation and metal, 13 chains— N. Fortune, £11. Booth street: Formation and metal, 6 chains — W. Curtain, £5 13s. 9d. 100\. yards maintenance metal — J. Ralston, Is. 8d. per yard.' general buoinebs, The Mayor intimated that a request had been made by Mr Gubb for a reference. It was deoided that the town - clerk forward a reference to Mr Gubb for the satisfactory manner in which he had carried out his contract. Cr Burrowes drew attention to a bad portion of the road westward from the brick kiln, tbe road at the north end of Robb's vineyard ; also some ruts required filling up in the road opposite the Congregational Church. It was decided that the roadsman i repair the road in High-street, and that tho other works be taken into consideration by the Public "Works Committee. Cr D. Hamilton mo ved, Cr Burrowes seconded, that an early application be made to the state nursery for 300 ornamental treeB. < The mover stating that some of the trees would be re quired at the football ground reserve which is shortly to be fenced.in. The motion wbb carried. Cr D. Hamilton drew attention to ' the Btate of the street lamps, which , required repairing and painting; ' The matter was left for considera tion by Publie Works Committee.' It was decided that the town hall be not let for a week after April 11, in order that the new floor cOnld be put . down. The meeting then adjourned. Bioht of Meetings, — Mr. Spears, of tbe Star Hotel, was tho euocessful bidder for therightBof meetings in commotion with year, £5 6s. being tbe price paid. Off to Enqland. — Mr. G. P. Morrie, of " Fairfield Vineyard " left Rutherglen by the afternoon train on Wednesday for Melbourne, from whioh city be will take bis departure for England in tbe eourse of another day or two. Miss Morris is to accompany her father to England. Saobbd Cokobbt. — On Good Friday night April 12, a snored concert ieto be held at St. Stephen's Churoh of England, Rutherglen. A very interesting programme has been arranged and tbe leading lady and gentle men vocalists of Rutherglen and district are to take part. The admission is Is. The proceeds are to be devoted to the bnilding fund. Fabbwell Sermon.— Mr, G. M. Clark preached his farewell sermon at the Great Northern on Sunday last, when there was a very good oongregation. He took for his text, the apostolic benediction, from 2 Corinthians, IS chapter and 14 verse, " The grace of our Lord Jesus, and the , love of God and the oommnnion of the Holy Ghost be with you all, a men." Special hymns were sung by: the ohoir. Improvements at thb Advanob Aus- tbalia.Hotbl.— Messrs. Hickaund McKay, tho proprietors of this well-known hostelry, are making a very vnlnable and what wilt be a very appreciable, improvement to their already commodious and well ap pointed premises, iD the shape of extensive oellsrs, whioh are situated immediately nnder the dining room, and whioh will be fitted up as " shades." Meeting of Minbbs.— On Sunday after noon next, at 8 o'clock a meeting of miners - employed at the Great Northern Extended olaiin, is to1 be held in the Great Northern Hull. It has not yet been decided whether tho men should adhere to the. Chiltern branch of the association, or ,leavo that brauoh and join the Rutherglen body and representotives of both will be present to take tbe feeling of tho meeting in the matter; when it is expeotod that some de finite arrangement will be arrived at: Fatal Accident. — A very sad accident; whioh terminated fatally, happened to a little throe-year-old son of Mr. Thomas Brierly on Monday morlng last. ' ' Mr. Hrierly was carting sand and bad the little fellow with him sitting on top of the load. The child slipped from its position and fell in front of the wheel of tbe dray, and be- fore the father could pull up tbe horse the wheel bad passed over the boy's stomaob. He was brought ia to Dr. Deano, but diod jnsb after arrival at the dootor'o, after lingering in terrible agony for somo hours. Farewell Sooial, — On Monday ovonihg at the Temperance Hall, Rutherglen, a farewell sooial was tendered by the membera of tbe Wesleyon ohoir and Good Templars to Miss Emily Cooper who is severing hor long connection with those bodies and- departing from Rntherglon. Tbore was a large attendance of tho yonng Indy'B friends and daring tho evening she was made the reoipient of a handsome gold broooh as a token of the esteem in whioh she was held. A number of songs and recitations were rendered by several of the Isdiee and gentlomoa and a very pleasant ivening was spect. 