THE CENSUKE DEBATE. Never iu the history of this colony lias there appeared it more pitiable spectacle than that presented by Sir Henry Parties last night as the veteran statesman rose to trample his own bril liant reputation in tlio mire of one of the feeblest party intrigues that have fiver discredited our political life. From the lirst moment that he began to speak the forlorn unreality of the mo tion with which the protectionists had entrusted him was the one thlug ap- parent. It professed to bring two dis tinct charges against the Government: flrst, that "their continuance in office retarded much-needed legislation," and secondly, tiint it "prejudiced the cause of Australian federation." The mover of n motion of this kind, if actuated by sincere conviction, might be espect- ed to show what, tho much-needed legislation was, and how it was heing retarded; also, to indicate the particu lar way in which federation was being interfered with. Nothing of the kind was even seriously attempted by Sir Henry P/irkos. Most of his speech consisted of ancient history, none of which had any relevancy to tho mo tion, and all of which he was presum ably aware of when, a few weeks ago, ho voted that the continuance in office of tho Government involved none of the evils which he now pretends to dread. Since then the Government have done nothing which they did not at that time, with Sir Henry Parkes's full knowledge nnd concurrence, stand definitely pledged to do; hence none of the phantoms which be conjured up out of the twilight of history could have any reference to what it. devolved upon him to show last, night. His duty was to indicate the much-needed measures of legislation which would be advanced by putting the Govern ment out of office at the present junc ture, and specify the improved methods of .bringing about federation which would follow upon the same event. Throughout the whole of his speech, however, the public will look iu vain for a single suggestion of the kind. There was some platitudinous talk about the abstract desirableness of "settling people on the soil" and other benign projects with which nobody has ever been known to disagree. Because everybody believes iu those things, however, is no reason why, in the midst of the urgent work which the country has commissioned it to j)or- form, any Government should be turn ed out of office. Especially to make way for one whoso only object would be to prevent all reform by, in defiance of the country's mandate, seeking to retain things as they are. So much for the charge of retarding much-needed legislation. It is no charge at all until the nature of the legislation referred to is specified. As to federation, Sir Henry Parkcs made no effort to point out in what way the triumph of free- trade principles was inimical to that cause, or to show how he, at the head of a new protectionist Administration, would be able to shift it on to any surer footing. As a matter of fact, the motion was not seriously spoken to at all; the whole speech was simply au indiscriminate attack, which would have been just as relevant if directed against the Administration of Lord Rosebery or the continuance In office of the American President. But that was not the light in which Sir Henry Parkes shone worst. The really deplorable part of the exhibition was where he directly appealed to the protectionists to acknowledge him as a new champion of provincial tariffism. His new fiscal creed, as he explained It last night, is that we should not leave our markets open to the colonies which' close theirs against us. We should give our own people the same advantages as are possessed by "the enemy," meaning thereby the people with whom it is proposed to unite. If the enemy levies duties upon the im port of our products, we should Impose similar duties upon theirs. "I am no freetrader," said Sir Henry Parkes to the applauding protectionists, "In any othor sense than that." Under those circumstances it would be expected of hint not only to support the Dlbbs duties, which as head of the Dibbs party lie undertakes to do, but to in crease them to the level of the Vic torian tariff. Otherwise "the enemy" would still have what in Sir Henry Parkes's new creed is called "the ad vantage." In the next; breath he de clared that he would become a free trader again as soon as federation was accomplished. But if this principle of levying duty for duty in order to give our own people the same advantage as the enemy is sound now, it would re main so all the time. In the Federal Parliament, therefore, to be consistent with his present attitude, he would have to support protection against, the outside world. This Is the melancholy nrwitirkn tn Tchlr»li_ nffrAi Ills HfWinw nt service as a freetrader. Sir Henry Parkes has at last brought himself. The protectionists ask no more from him; they want no more. By working to overthrow the freotrade Govern ment he serves their turn, so that he might, as far as making certain of their support went, have spared him self the humiliation of going into all these details of his apostney. In reply, Mr. Iteid had a better op portunity for eloquence than argument. Being attacked on no tangible point of policy, he hnd nothing to defend. It was an easy enough thing for him to follow Sir Henry Parkes back into the dimness of history, as he did, and con found him with the ghost of his own past, but there was really very little use. To every word of Sir Henry Parkes's speech last night a dozen could be quoted from his previous ut terances in scathing reply. If there were not, It would not make his present /lotion any more excusable. But com ing away from all that barren ground of controversy, Mr. Reid grasped Yvith splendid effect the living realities of the positiou by showing in what actual interest the censure motion was moved, and who were the parties at the back of it. Every species of monopoly- landed, monetary, nud mercantile— was found iu alliance to give it counte nance and support. Those same forces that nt tho general election stood and fell together with Sir George Dlbbs against freotrade, with its corollary of direct taxation, wero rallying again under the leadership of Sir Henry Parkes. Tills is the essential fact to h) kept In mind. Divesting the eon- sure motion of its verbiage, it voices the selfish cry of the classes against tho now' Imminent necessity of having to share the burdens of the masses. That Is it all. Sir Henry Parkes is simply acting as the mouthpiece of banded monopoly, crying for deliverance from the political justice which has got it at last within its grasp. Willi telling effect Mr. Reid emphasized that polut, which is really the only one worth while keeping forward in the discus sion. The present censure motiou is nothing but the battle of the elections renewed by the defeated party under a fresh leader. And from tlio tone of the debate last night it Is evident that it will result in Parliament the same way as it did in the country. 