A STUPID PRACTICAL JOKER - THE SUBUUDAN " GHOST."-The practical joker familiarly termed "the ghost" hus not yet been captured (reports the Melbourne Argus). Ile has been reported from almost 'every suburb, and a few nights ago he had a narrow escape in Collingwood. Several score of people gave him chase, but he succeeded in getting away. Had ho been caught, he would doubtless have been prevailed upon to cease his stupid conduct. His methods are similar to those of the "ghosts" and "Spring heel Jacks " of past years. He wears an overcoat or ulster, and when in conveniently dark places throws the coat or ulster open, displaying to the gaze of women or children a phosphorus-painted coffin on his breast, with the words written across it *' Prepare to meet thy doom," Several children have been frightened out of their wits by the man, and he has become such a nuisance that the police are anxious to lay hands upon bim. Thc last one of the "ghosts" who was run to earth was a medical student. A revolver shot fired by a horseman whom he had tried to terrify finished his career. It did him no bodily harm, but it scared him so badly that he gave up playing jokes. A lad named Sydney Errington_ was arrested at South Yarra charged with insulting behaviour. He was masquerading in a peculiar costume, which gave the impression at the time that he was the "ghost." This was found to bo a false impression, and his little display in the Tani o'"Shunter hat, spectacles and a false' beard, was his first essay in the foolish business. A DALLEY INCIDENT. - The truth of the following incident relative to the lute William Bede Dalley is said to be vouched for hy no less a person than Sir I Henry Parkes:-In going to England as Immigration Lecturer. Dalley got a letter of introduction from a gentleman in Sydney to his brother, au Irish nobleman. William Bede couldn't rest- in England until he had presented the letter, so he left Parkes and went over to Ireland. The nobleman lived on an island within cooee of (.he main- land. Dalley hailed a boatman, who took him on hoard. In midstream the boatman Eulled in his oars and said, " What may you e wanting the master for.5" "I don't see," replied Dalley, "that that's any business of yours, my man." "But it is and ye must be telling rue." '. Well, if that's so," said Dalley " I have got a letter for him," and he pulled the,letter -from his pocket with some blue official envelopes. The boatman uttered an ironical laugh, and thereupon upset the boat, leaving Dalley struggling in'the water. As he was swimming towards the mainland tho boatman's voice fell upon his ears : "Ye ran take yer hook hack to Dublin now. His Lordship doesn't want to see a dirty process server!' Poor Dalley.left that, evening for England, but it was some . tinie before he could be induced to tell the story to Parkes. 