JACK OF HEARTS, BY H. T. JOHNSON. CHAPTER XXVII. TIQUETONNE'S STORY. " My Jack, yon ire like ze man vit chronic oold, you are always In hot vatare—patting yonr feet In it. Ag»in, yon are like year cat of nine tails—I go say nine life—venevare yoa fall it {B on your feet; and no mattere rat your peril, yon escape toujour* by ze teef of yonr skins. Maintenant, z»t jolly girl—Marty, you say she is call. Ma foi 1 she is vat yon call sonsand of bricks 1" It was M. Tiquetonne who, redlining In an arm-ohsir at Jack's rooms, thus delivered himself, a day or two after our hero's adventure at The Nook. The friendship between the two, which oommenoed when M. Tiquetonne was a lenely wanderer, and Jaok strengthens its climbing bonds. "She is, indeed," replied Jack. "I shonld like yon to see her; with all her flippancy and coquetries, despite the vapid rumours of the know-nothings who wish to pose to know-alls I believe ahe is as pure and good u Una? and I know she has the heart of Una's lion. And as for beauty of formaud face, I don't wonder the women are so spitefol about her. She dazzles " " Aba yet, won ami, the bresst at vieh ahe win most of her darts is imperviouB." *• It's like this, Professor," laughed Jack, who always gave bis old Mend a courtesy designation. " however many women a man w«y admire, and however much, he can only lore mifi ' it aHmrr That's my idea." "And yon love so much the voman whose life y*u have saved,' yon have none, except of a piatonic kind, vioh does not account, for the voman who has saved yours. Eh bim 1 As your Shakospear say, ' Ze oqnrse Of fcrni love is net esmoove.' Apres tout, my Jack, yOu have right. Ton vUl oonaidare ze greatest happiness of ze greatest numbare. If yonvare to marry la belle Mirabel, two hearts would be fristes, yours and Lady Giuay's ; »nA von, zat of Marty, vonld be content only for a time. MairUenant, if yoa oonld wed yonr aristocr&te;, two of yon vould live happy evare aft are; and The ^Frenchman shrugged his shoulders. To tsll^the troth, ha waa a little taken with Marty,"sfrom Jack's description of her ; and tlioagfeftt her sake, and that of his young friend, he advised, the Jattqr to nuke it apparent that, whatever of admiration, gratitnde, aud trae regard he might feel for her. there was nothing of that -affection which is all these, and more than all, and yet different from all—It was with a pang of Borrow that so brave a heart should be /wpnnded, and a certainty that the longer the inevitable truth was delayed, the harder it would be to be borne. " Do you think," asked Jaok,lafter a pause, "that there are mien and women in the WO^d wbo love only once t" "Some; not many—happily!" "Why «o r ^ . , Because—do you not know z&t; first love Is abnost alvays blighted ? and ven zat premi&re; passion is ze only, zare is' nozzink for ze man who loves -shoe but despair f •£1 Andtten M. Tiquetonne told for the first i In his life his story. The story of a love springing Into life in the sunny • and orchards ofBrittany; a love that returned; a happy union, and years of wedded Uisa; how the chain of love was *fcrengthened'by yet another link, the birth qE a babyv girl—her mother's hope, her other's jpjy beoause she had her mother's Was. So|»r, the story -was a pleasant one. \- afenost a«r<Axeaddui pastoral; bnt then its tenor changed. A temptercame, Another "" «atnt oupt into this other Eden, and the \- fc^ol later daysfeU. Ashamefal flight,a darkened dearth. 33ie woman followed her betrayer, .taking with her even her berjcbO^ chUc « land; for he had Satan 1 conning, without Satan's courage, imd they "" fled to their guilty destination by divided rmfh- This was the second part of'the atonr. The -third was simply that of a fruit- ^-cfTess bnt aeatient pureui*—a pursuit carried wlor ye& bnt wfflwut »nine, and witii- \- ^ out a halt* Hhe fourth cbapter-4h*t was i to tsiLV It woald bethe day of reckon- \- „ JbL primary object of JL L ' rirft had been to arrange with his rfd pupU ^ sketching»tour in Normandy^ The tyro MmA made many such Jaunts together at intervals for tbe jpaait ten years, during the jfiofeMor s holidays. . Sometimes exploring the fiords of Norway, at others. Highland -Itecbs and 'tnftnntsin* or loitering about ^oaint old!'" Flemish and German cities., ^r ^atewthey determined on e new departure. J , a >royince, famed for a^oonia >istt and *white-bapped jpayscmnes, where 35£tbn»fei Jt the Baiilhe, and tbe Seine ' ;h pleauint pastures and is'r tiaoae peaceful valleya, towns, that seem in fresh and aew to-day, because they are ao^ar behind «hs weary, dreary timea. They taade th#r to Havre, and after sojourning a few Ja« in the Gallic Liverpool, tradged on tHoaa the wast, their knapsacks on their iSr*"*"*, through ttcanvOle, F&wmp;, .jaad-St. Vhlbrv. they came to Dieppe, unuring themselves by l of thebaiynettrt iawneKn ana i i>each t and the fisher folk Ing to the shrill datter _ Angots of the Poieaon- afLePoUetj-i ol the high- . H ^rferiritt'tiadr heavy baskete, Ifheii^eaviiff stdwbt. theb snow-white kerchiefs and ifaamsts. and thidr ruddy, weather-beaten . ^eisi nlt&i;&g; their tunbrdlas and eaaela r/ SSthVSis on the cliffs besMes the \- Bloomy castle, and oatcfaing turquoise *nd ' SoSl^U fonn the asure channel, as deep jnd*dieamlike as these along the Mediter- %„ '"S^^hnow Dieppe know the Carfno, ^ SS^oanwtp for itiiis woedin France whatlt has bearato a widelydiffer- fingUsh - The British m«tnn qatti It &e; ^^StdilissiaongaayBang J 1 ',^ her t'i - " C a 1 of r i n o . Tlwwe the oongregate on alterpieces on the funny little round and tb^pootfee, playtlJlIaid*, togoeaip are children's danaes in kS^oW ^nd it is vjwtly pleasant to iM&bMb; tf the ffiPg;,^^ little mazesof Ihe ^&.or tbela^rintiiof amidriHe. ^ AnS one nldat, whilej^g \- terrac^ of the Cas3ne «»{oyhig the ^SSmTol a ^eaf, the tfonotons f f the ; SSETspaveS uponthe glJ-^g shlngle C K i olthe breeae, andtiiehwtre®! «isDidtaneoaaly|rbm Maywd J»ck, ot*. « they had nerar dreamed ~ol,ihe of,the pleaai pleasure o. imiiliiilL miiili (mier at Dibppe, fov, M.j &o;, , mifptty ofoourae it was only a ooinm- \- ? Jtenoe tha^ afew weefabac^ Mayhadmen- \-- lAmed, quite^wu^ly, that dw.^apa , JT«mandy j and that, Jaok ahould discover ?. ~ MJsas 1 —JL^ij. J^j^nfcMiniteaoh other was Lord s IJ^ft tohnd world ; <mly. d not been so dlffioulti«s, lie in the little sea, or the little horses on the little racecourse; for yonr therongh-paoed gambler, if he cannot back live horses, will bet on wooden ones, and if he oannot ran to pounds, for francs or pence. There was a coldness, however, about May's manner towards him which would have puzzled — perhaps dismayed — Jack Ohippery, had he not remembered that when he last saw her he was in oempany with Marty, so he hastened to render afull, true, and particular aooonnt of Us acquaintance with that young lady, and particularly of the events preceding.his arrival at Liverpool Street Station in her oonpany, with the result that he became in the dazzled blue eyes that were raised towards him' more of a hero than ever. The hour of Lord (jinny's absence was gone before they imagined It had begun its flight. Presently be reappeared on the terrace in company with bis inseparable friend, or, at all events, companion, Sir Bayard Blair. A thrill, not of fear, bnt foreboding, bounded through Jack's heart as he Baw this man, so ever near Lady May, remembering the lie he had told him, and recognising the influence, apparently by no means a happy one, he exercised over her father. Jaok shook hands with Lord Olnny and Lady May—his more impressive odteuat of the latter had been taken before her father's reappearance—and he was about to bow a formal " good evening" to the baronet, when to his surprise the latter took leave of Lord Clnny and Lady May, and remained behind after they had.departed. The glitter of the man's eyes and the grip of his lips told he meant misohief ; and Jack, with a feeling of satisfaction, saw that a quarrel was imminent. " Sir," said the baronet, his features doubly pale: in the moonlight with the anger within him; "let UB speak plainly. I have told you that I will not tolerate your attentions to the young lady who has just left us." JioVa reply was a recommendation to the barohet not to make a fool of himself. "Good I your answer simplifies the matter. You are aware that here, m France, disagreements between man and man are arranged diffeiently to the British fashion?" ' " Yes," replied Jack; " for instance, if a nffln -wrongs yon in England, you sue him, and It costs yen generally more than the value in dispute to get your remedy; ever here, yon o≪ him out and stick him on shoot him, only the latter ooune has the disadvantage that he Bometimes shoots or sticks you." . " I am glad to see you apprehend me; it saves me the trouble of making my meaning plainer. There are, of course, sooial differences between us, but I am willing to waive these- " "In consideration of the prospective pleasure of letting daylight into me," replied Jaok, ironically. "However, I won't thwart you. There's bad blood between us, We can't fight English fashion, it wouldn't be fair, because you are almost an old man, and I should kill you in five minutes. . Yonr method has that advantage. Here's my address. Send a man round to me tomorrow, and I'll refer him to my friend." CHAPTER XXV OI. MI WED AKD MY LAST. The Countess ef Ohislehurst sat alone in her boudoir. It -was midnight, and no sound broke the stillnesa of the night, save the faint tick of an ormoln dock. The room was almost dark, save where a shaded lamp shed a light en the little table near which her ladyship reclined. She was deep in thought—her jewelled ivory Hands lay crossed in her lap, her oval chin rested jOH her breast, .her eyes had that glare which is vacant as regards the things on which they reat, bat intent and fixed on some objacts faraway. She had jast returned from a " small and early," a card for which, inscribed "To meet T. B. H.," huncfreds of women, even her equals in wealth and station .might have coveted in vain. She had been the Uorme of the evening, had charmed everybody with her look?, her gaiety, the } | ripple tf her laughter, the music <j£ hear voice; ;sad now she was weary and dreary —she was nob often so; but, then, society did not often give her time to think. "Thwik Heaven, the season is nearly over!" she murmured to herself. Those golden hours replete with, delights, excitemeBb^ triumphs ; die w^B iim^ef ol that so ntsny ot them were^ast^. .She .-was a social queen i hot possiblykingfl antT queens at times g*ow tired of the rcund of oration, homage, and ida£. " A few more days," she groaned," and my lord will be away north for the grouse, and I—well, where shall I go? where can one go to be rid of the faces and the f>rms ot which one is so mok f " She touted an ivory disc, and in a few mdmskts her maidappeared in answer to her ring, bearing ft tnay with cafS au cognac. As she laid the tray npon the table, the girl produced from the folds of her dress a crumbled, dh$y note, bearing no address- "The person asked me to give -this to yonr ladyship as quiokly aa posBible," she said, and then noiselessly withdrew. Lady Chidehnrsfs lips tightened, and the Bhadow deepened on her faoe. " Ag^int" she almost groaned. " How long is this torture to continue f Oh, inn< happj me I" ' ' ' She tore open the missive; and read :— «i mnst 'ave a inntervu^ or els i oppen mi mouth- Most important. Shall be on Terns imbansmiut, weaminnistar bridge end. tomorrow momin' at tenn—40-five." The door opened. With a pale faoe, and a seared look in her eyes, we thrust the scrap of papar in the folds of her dress, and, turning round, faced her husband. "Ah, CtualehnrBt! how d^e doP Haven't seen yoa for an age. Hope yoa axe wen." ' " You are ri&ht.; It's some time since I saw yon, Olive. We meet so littie, don't we! Tour ways and nine lit so far asunder/* • • He who qpdke theee words threw himself into ft low, velvet cushioned chair, and gared sombrely at the beautiful woman b^ore him—his wife. « lord, I am hardly to blame that it la go. You go so little into society, and I —you can hardly take me with yoa to the City Or the House. Surely I «m not to blame that we are,so little together; I have frequently pressed yon to go out more." ' , «I do not blame you, Olive,'* he iaswered 1 it wbuldbe wrong to do so. If blame there be, it is I who d«serve it." He was a; gaunt, lean man of, perhnp sixty years, wiui a maseive forobead that seemed bnUt of great xnarb'e walls, ^"keen eyes *£h»t seemed calculating or scheming, a frsme bowed with the weight ] ^ great enterprises. Asziousihooghthad ~*-*-*<&ecl; dedp furrows in his paleface, and tUnned "Are von not Obislehurstt" she ViS^JEfflnSmSstioslty. Little as &Seaw;^*P»eh other,few «wtretheir S s W taslei in common, th»s *as no them, they enjoyed an iinqnuiity ^njbjg^lliars. ha raplled, "l am weB In. .I/L be niwwed-i-"I am- nrery Ah, 01ive, hoKr I envy ^mfrom care, your hearty w life and its pleaiures; tbe wi&^vriiioh you oan tteow i S ^ a a & ^ m Maok shadow lytng aoroaB ironically f Had he learned anything of the secret which gnawed at her heart, which beat its bars ' ill it times she feared it would break through its cage, and, bursting into the world, speak, and wreck her F While lie eat there, and before he had spoken, she had been seized with an almost irresistible longing, the strength «f which made her siok with horror, to throw herself at Ids feet and confess, even if after he drove her from him as a curse, a leper, and a thing of shame. "My dear," he said, drawing close towards her, and taking ene of her white, soft hands tenderly between his two wrinkled ones," I sometimes think that if all that surrounds us, the rank, the wealth, the glitter, and the honour were swept away, if we steod face to faoe with some terrible disaster, even some crushing disgrace, the chasm which lies between the worlds we live in would close 19, and our lives would be more united than they ever yet have been. Pardon me, dear Olive, I oppress you. I am not quite myself. Good-night. I am going to my rooms." Why did she not speak P Why did not heP Why did she net cast herself upon his breast, revealing all, repenting all, and imploring the succour of his subtle brain, his mighty power, to free her from the thrall, to ward aside and shatter file sword that hadBO long hung over her f Why did not he take her to his breast, pour ia her ears the trouble which oppressed him, and reveal to her the wealth offender love, that would forgive all if it knew of aught, burning within his breast through all the years of their wedded lives, but of which he dared not speak; that love which he dreaded exposing from th<* shelter of its shade, lest she whom he adored should kill it with the ioy coldnesa of a word P The next day broke darkly and damp—-a heavy mist gave way to a pouring rain. Bat Lady ChiBlehurst must perforce brave damp and chill; her shopping was imperative. As the weather was so bad, however, she considerately forbore taking but her carriage horses, but ordered a hansom, and, as she entered it, she $old the driver in a clear voice, which oould : be heard in her own hall, to drive to Eegent- Btreet. The man obeyed, but on arriving at Picoadilly Circus, her ladyship, through the "butterfly," countermanded her order, and desired to be driven to Westminster Bridge, where she alighted. And for half an how she walked in the pouring rain, side by side with a slouching man who had been loafing about some twenty minutes before her arrival, and the two engaged in an animated conversation, at the conclusion whereof her ladyship returned home with -a tear-stained faoe and a wildly-beating heart. OHAPTEB XXIX. " TTNB AFFAIBE D'HONNSUB." M. Tiquetonne was sitting at the window of the sitting-room which he and Jack occupied, in the hotel in which they were staying. The night was delightfully warm, save for the breeze that at intervals swept inland from the sea, cool and refreshing as a woman's hand on a fevered sufferer's brow. The moonlight lay on the dark blue bosom of the channel in a wide silver shsefc lighting up the green sward between the houses and the shingly beach, and shining on the white ridge of cliffy beneath L9 Pollet. Such nights are conducive to reflection, and the Frenchman eat,, gazing on the heavenly calm.below and above him, wrapt in pensive meditation. He was once more in his native land, and yet how foreign that land seemed to him. . All that it had contained dearest to man's heart was now tor him no more; he fe'.fclikeone who visits what was once a dear and cherished heme, after all who made that plaoa a home had passed away. The white cliffs rose like ghosts from the bosom of the waters, the murmur of the waves fell on his earn like a plaintive wail; the memories of the past crowded through his until ids boaom heaved with emotion, and the force of his manhodd seemed powerless to keep the springing tear baok from his. eyes. He was : there, hi his dear France onoe again, but where wac^she, the' light of th^se days which at times seemed so far adong the brack of time, aoid at other moments so near ? and where was she, that baby , child, whose first- lisping accents had^; fallen like heavenly mttrio en Us etars, ;whose wes had beateed upon him with the true light of the lamps of paradise A man'sform. threw a shadow across the sward, he recognised the springing, elastic step, «he ea8y oarriage, thB well- kittt form. ** Void ce cher Jack," . he .,ihattere|d, what a grand fellow, it ia; so free' from oaree, so trustful of the fature, se cwifient that Hfe is good." In a few seconds Jack waif" In the room beside him* The pair were silent' for moment, and then Jack's strong j iyous laugh shattered the eilenoe that had reigned oviSatt. i. - e . ' . "Eh bien^mon ami! how yoa'are. like oar newspaper report of inqvest—for vy ? ecause zare is so muah roars oi laughter ateat yoa. And yet, my Jacks; your face is pale, and yonr eiyes «ey do not esmile vit youri^ps; vat isinr« vind ? " Professor," replied Jack, gravely seating himself opposite Tiquetonne ; " have yoo ever seen or heard of the Oondoan Brothers?" " Diaible I my Jack, I have got sufficient ef your blues already; let as talk of some; sink more oheerfuls." " Pas de tout; my Gallio friend ; our oon< versatien must be of cats and thrusts, and villainous saltpetre, and woands, and rounds of b&tt-osrtridge.; I am to be challenged; the thirst of fry adversary is to 7 be quenched, &nd; quickly, inmy berlood." " Jaok, vat zp deuces ? Have yon looked too long upon ze vine vile It vas red, or ze ale vile it vas pale 7" "No, sapient-mentor, of my yehth; but learn.that being at Borne, I am about to live or die in Roman fashion. And then Jaok gave his friend a short resume-of the events of the evening, and intimated his intention of referring Sir Bayard Blair's messenger, shonld he arrive, to him. . " A dnd, and but WOOD two Eogleeee. Quel bonheur," cried M. Tiquetonne. Then moderating hiB tope, he oontinued, " (Test une affaire serieuse. You are neizxue you ^arhdan editors, and if you fight, some von vill be hurt. Jaok, can you fenoe " When I was a boy I did a little with the singlesticks, but of your rapier, your tierce and oarte, and thrust and lungei 1 know next to nothing," replied Jack; " hut I'm not going to show the white feather to that swaggering snob." " Tien* I He will challecge, you, zerofore, vill choose ze veapons, and you must elect ze pistol, or else yea must obtain annosare seoondi I ion not going to act for a man and let him go out at odds. Can you shoot t" "IWrly well 5 my hand is steady, my eye is keen.*? " ' w And yonr heart, is firm. Bon 1 Now go to bed } leivg,se rfst to me, sad sink foetie of zls a&ire; as possible. . PeuiStre } it vill be arranged, and hononr vill be satiefied vi20ut a maeting." *' Don't hiurbourany illusioi^ii Tiquetonne," replied Jack, gravely ; ? if fchat man, Blau-, ioald shoot or stab meTh lha.dark with impunity; he woold; as it is, he meatia -to work the same,ends fc*he light of day. J \- Aiad,'«M«ly 'stoOTgtv<m the ;mer»w s Freaoh oaptsmi'of caValiy oalled npfln Jaok SSlySrhls ii^Sn-^ ' " irieW-whiob' imsued, at the break of the following day in a sroluded orchard, lying off the read from Dieppe to Chateau d* Argues, and, pistol in hand, at twelve paces, face each other—as other men, in ether times and ether plaoet have done, since the world was young, and will do till the world is old, or men are wise —for a woman's sake. And on that morning, whilt M. Tiquetonne and Ze Capitaine Hector Cartowih* were arranging the preliminaries and formalities of the meeting, our friend Jack was loitering among the daisies on the oliffa beneath the frowning walls of the stern old oastle, a supple, muslin-clad form at his aide, a fresh, fair English face beaming upon him. Seme* times, despite his hardihood, his cheery laughter was checked, and the light In his dark eyes give place to a sombre shade; but Lady May would not tolerate this absence of mind, this dreaminess of mood. She was happy, sparkling and light-hearted, and he, for whose sake her laugh rippled so merrily, and her eyes danced so joyously— he. at times, caught the sweet infection of her gaiety, and would not heed the dark care that rode so closely behind him. "Whatever can have become ef Sir Bayard 1" Lady May cried suddenly. w He hasn't appeared all the moniing.' "And is his absence' so very unendurable ?" the jealous Jaok asked, lounging at her feet among the wild, fresh, fragrant clover. " Not at all—rather a relief. Oh, I remember I Le Gapitaine Cartouche, the terrible Qhassure <£' Afrique, told.me at breakfast at the hotel this morning he was going to meet Sir Bayard at the rifle gallery." " I auopose to teach the elderly idea hew to shoot 1 1 replied Jack, forcing a smile. " I don't think le Capitaine can teach Sir Bayard much that way," replied May, laughing. " Papa says hie has seen him fire at a card—the Jack of Hearts—and send his. bullet right through the centre of the heart. Hew stupid of you, Mr Chippery, to pinoh peer Flossie's ear like that! Gome to me, Flossie—poor, dear little pet 1" And May, taking her spaniel in her arms, and pressing the long, silky ears to her cheek, whispered in them, " Never mind, dear little doggie— 's jealous.!" As Bhe sat among the long grass at the edge of the cliff. Jack gazed long and earnestly at the deep, blue sky, the deeper bluer sea; then into her eyes—bluest and deepest of all, and, with a sigh, thought to himself, "Ah, well! I may never see those eyes again. How unlike am I to those believers in Mahomet! They look to meeting their, moon-faced houris after the dark valley is crossed, while I—I leave my own fair angel behind." (To be Continued.) 