Cíjc Stoney horning: ferait.. TUES HA Y, JULY Ï, ISO j. Tim Unionist nowspaporn prof oat against Lord Rosebery making Captsviu H. Naylor Leyland, formerly Conservativo member for Colchester, ti baronet, ns a roward for his having deported tho Unionist cause. ? Much surprise has Won occasioned in Berlin hy a remark made by General Mercier, tho French Minister for War, that " a great -war muy break- out at any moment." Au attempt to tako tho life of tho Chief of tho Berlin Police by moans of an infortml machino lias hoon made. A packet addressed to tho Chief of Tolico uroused suspicion ns to its contents, anil n oaroful examination was made, with tho result that it was found to consist of an infernal machino. Ou tho recommendation of Lord Rosebery, tho retiring Premier, n number of honours havo been oonferrod by tho Queeu. Lord Carrington has boon created an carl, und Sir Homy Bioughum Loch a bar ou. Tho Tima states that, as tho result of tho cam- ino; election, thero may possibly bo a majority of 78 Conservatives and Liberal Unionista in the House of Commons. Tho Unionist presa denounces what it describes as tho inconsistency of Lord Kosobery in having created moro peers. The United States deficit for the linanoial year amounts to 47,000,000 dollars. Tho danger of a serions drain on tho gold reserves is considered to havo vanished. Tho Tima «tutea that tho evidences of a rovivs in trado aro unraistakoablo, and that tho improve- ment will continuo for at leoat lg months. Accounts received from Madagascar stnto that tho French expedition is making very slow progress in ita ad raneo upon Antananarivo, tho capital ol tho island. This ia duo to tho enormous diflioulty met hy tho French in tho matter of obtaining sup- plies. Mr. Esling baa wo« tho thirteenth game in tho chess championship of Australia, Tho sooros now stand-Mr. "Wallace, 0 games ; Mr. Ealing, 4 games ; drawn, 3. ! Tho quantity of cilver bullion shipped at Port Adolaido during tho month of Juno was 4fi,-lG0 bars, tho wholo being oonsigned to London. Puro silver was ahippod to tho oxtont of 408 burs, Colombo taking nil but fivo bars, wltioh woro shipped lo Calcutta. Mr. Edmund Barton lias boen asked to contest tito Hostings und Maoloay electorate, but hos de- clined. Ho says ko has mado up his mind not to contest any oloctorato this election, although ho lins been askod to do so from sovoral quarters. A meeting of baildon and contractors, held i, yesterday, passed n resolution- protesting against the course now being pursued hy tho Minister for "Works in changing tho established custom o£ ourrylng out pnhlio works by contract through public tender to tliRt of day labour. Tho first animal show nf fdioop in connection with tho Now South AYalcs ShocpbreederB' Asso- ciation, which in boinir held nt Hewars. Winoh oombe. Carson, and Cn.'a store. Pyrmont, wa* formally opened by Ilia Excolliracy the Licutonant Governor yesterdny. Mr. Eddy, Chief Kail way Commissioner, intend» to leavo Marseilles on 3rd August, and will pro- bably arrive in Sydney on 3rd September. Tho impression exists that on hi« return to Sydney Mr. Eddy will take up hin work again, and loavo tho question of his ro-ougagoinout and salary for Parlianiont to snlt.lo. A fros pardon, sealed with tho Great Seal of the colony, was on Saturday forwarded to George Dean through bia solicitors. Captain Feilding left Sydney by train yesterday orenir.gr for Melbourne, on his way to England. Tho estimated population of Victoria on 31st March last was 1,170,029, or a decrease of "i compared with the population at tho ond of 1891. Tho Marino Hoard connlnded tho inquiry into the Syduoy-Cninmeray collision yesterday.' Tho board decided to suspend t ho certificate of Captain Anderson, master of tho Sydney, for six months, subject to the continuation of his Excollonoy tho Lieutenant-Governor. The Kev. E. ,T. Dodd, speaking on " Home and Reunion." nt Adelaide, said that if there was any danger to Protestant England, that dauger lay within tho Protestant Church of England. If tho Electoral Act Amendment Hill passes the Upper House the Local Government Department estimâtes that il will tako two or threo weeks to oumpleUi the provisional lists ready for attachment to the general roll. The remainder of the actions for damages against tho K.iilwsy Commissioners, arising out of the Hedferu railway disaster, are to be taken before Mr. Just iee Simpson, commencing on 2lit.h August. The labour party's manifesto, which has boen drawn up by Messrs. M'Gowen and Hughes, Ms.L.A., E. Flowers, and W. G. Spence, states that, as tho result of their preseuoo itt Parliament and their unity, the Government of tho day had been compelled to do what no Government had done liefere, not merely to pass a largo instalment of rotorm through the Legislative Assembly, but also to call upon the people to enforce tho accept- ance of such tetona by the Council. It aiso st;.'es {hst the party would novor con- sider an elective Upper House as reform, but in tho event of being unable to secure its immediate abolition and the iustitutiou of the referendum, would lie inclined to support any measure cur- tailing its powers and taking from it thu power of veto. Tho yacht Defender, built to tho designs of Mr. llerreshotr to represent Amenda in the contest for the America Cup against tho challenge of tho Earl of Dunraven, stuck fast wbilo being launched. So far all ell'orls to release her have proved fruit- ier. Arthur Huck, who murdered Catherine Norton at South Melbourno on the 2Sth April, was executed in thc Melbourne Gaol yesterday niorn Tho steamer Manapouri, which lins arrived at Auckland, reports that when about 150 miles from Sydney she sighted largo quantities of Heating timber extending over a distance of 12 miles. Sir Joseph Abbott, 1C.C.M.G., was last night installed as Grand Master of thu United Grand Lodge of New South Wales Ancient Ereo and Accepted Masons. A crowded meeting of freetraders was held at tho School of Arts last night, when tho Premier, Mr. G. II. Held, delivered nu address. Speakiug of tho Council ho said they must have momlxjrs of the Upper House appointed for a limited term of years-ho would say tive yearc-fix thc uumlwr at CO, let 12 go out every year, begin at once, and thoy would timi in the eourso of three or four yenrs that they had got an Upper House composed of human lieings and not financial barometer.-. He thought tho Government would propone, that where a bill had l>een sent up to the Legisla- tive Council twice in two consecutive sessions, and therö was no agreement between tho two Houses, tho bill should bo referred to tho electors of the country. A uieetlug of tho labour party was held last night iu the 1'iotestant Hall. As soon ns Mr. M'Gowen got up to address thoso present nu up roar, which lasted fully hali an hour, commenced, during which scarcely a word of tho speaker's address could bo hoard. Tho proceedings throughout wero of a very rowdy character, and sover.i! free lightd occurred in endeavouring to remove tho disturbing cloment from the hall. Tho half-year opened yesterday with a lifeless business in the Stock and Sharo market, there being nu absence of both buying and selling orders. Tho month's business in the Import market lins not yet fairly opened. Merchants do not seem to anticipate that any great volume of trade will bo passing until the fourth is well over. At Darling Harbour yesterday 33 bnles of wool wero manifested, and (131 arrived coastwise ut Sydney. There was Utile doing in silver stocks in the Mining market yesterday. Centrals were quoted ut 22s Dd buyers and 21a sellers. Tho Customs receipts yesterday amounted to £11,039. Towards this tho 10 per cent, ad valorem duly contributed £200.», and tho ¡3 per cent. £1307. Tho meeting before which tho Premier Inst night unfolded tito pinna of tho Ministry in view ot tho forthcoming elections wns ns successful a political gatherings ns its promoters coull! have wished "or expected. It gave every encouragement to tho (.¡ovurnmont iu tho luomoutous task it. line taken in hand. As a responso to tho demand of tho Council that tho Govern- ment should ilissolvo and go to tho country it was enthusiastic, and so far as it wont conclusivo. Tho gathering ivas largo, representative, and unanimous. Tho Premier was in his liest speaking form. Ho was surrounded hy tho greater pnrt of tho strnight freatrado party in Parliament. Ho was accompanied hy sovoral of his colleagues, two of whom, Mr. HittJN-iCEii and Mr. WANT, addressed tho mooting in onorgotie spoeches, and wero grooted with a recoption only sur- passed by that given to Mr. lluro himself. Tho mooting wns composed of citizens of nil elossos, and. was by no mean limited, to tlioso sections on which mom bora of tho Council lntoly pourod con tempt. Among those who addressee tho mooting wero mon who spol« ns members of tho proportiod classes and who deelarod their readiness to pay their fair shnro of public taxation and to aid in bringing about a reform ol tho Council. Tho enthusiastic applause which was ovokod by tho oratorical points of tho Proinior, tho mannor in which his references to tho claims of tho Uppor Houso were received, tho unanimous con- demnation unmistakably passed upon thoso members of tho frootrado party who had triod to load it from its course, or to dig pitfalls in its path, all marked tho meet- ing's intolligout appreciation of tho poli- tical situation and its hearty ondorsomont of tito proposals of the Premier. If tho fooling of so numerous and onthusinstin a meeting could bo taken ns possessing any indica- tivo value, we should be ablo to say that tho question which jt is tho purpose ol tho election to submit to the peoplo U already docidod. Mr. KEDO'S speech posscssod all thosr qualities of lucid and effective stntomont und of popular npponl of which ho is so great a master. It was animated, too, by those olomonts of courage aud straight- forwardness which have oharaotorisod his way of dooling with tho prosont political situation. Ho dwolt with convincing force on tho fact that ho had not sought this great quarrel j it was forced upon him. Tho policy which ha had carried through tho Assembly and lind submitted to tho Council waa that which had boou stamped by tho approval of tho peoplo nt tho last olection. It had iu tho Council mot with tho fato which had boon encountered by evory at- tempt mado for sevornl yoars to mako wonlth boar its part in tho public taxation. His predecessors lind mookly submitted to that treatment, and lind boon eontont tamely to go on and hold offico up to tho last momont available for thom. Tho Council, in expoctiug him totako tho same courso, " hud got hold of tho wrong mau." j When ho was enllod to power ho plodgod himself that within twelve months they should have froetrado nnd diroct taxation, or "something would havo to givo way." Ho had not got those results, and some- thing would hnvo to give way, and that something would not bo tho will of tho electors of Now South Wales. Uo now carno ngain boforo thom on tho old errand, with, however, n now ono nddod. This was to ask tho count ry to giro him tho powor to offect tho reform of tho Upper House This simple though forcible statement of tho caso roused tho enthusiasm of tho audience to tho hi ghost pitch, nnd nono of tho many platform triumphs of Mr. IÏKIII wore moro unmis- takable in demonstrating idontity of view between spenkor and audience than that of last night. In considering the proposals propounded by Mr. 1ÍEM) for tho roform of tho Conn- ell, all that would bo now in place is a moro general and provisional examination. They havo not, wo may assume, been vot formulated into a bill or series of resolutions, ami may yet reeeivo some modification before thoy aro sub- mitted to rurliameut. They have, in any case, to undergo tho scrutiny of tho election campaign, nnd havo to bo dealt with ultimately in Parliament as coming fresh from the elertions. Tho opinion of the .1'ronlier that no one seriously desires tho chango to tho electivo system we have no doubt will bo borne out by tho result. His schemo for shortening the timo for which mombors of tho Council nie appointed from lifo to five years, n fifth ol thoir number retiring over;,-year, " beginning nt once," will commend itself ns a reasonable mid legitimate proposal, absolutely essential for dislodging the Upper Houso from its present position of intrenched irresponsibility ami bringing it into sympathetic touch with thu mimi and will of tho count rv. This change, without any other, would fundamentally aller tho character of tho Council, nacl might lit it to become n harmonious anti fairly co operativo part of the machinery of government,. As to tho proposals mooted by Mr. IvKUi for putting nu end to deadlocks, these aro open to tho cri- ticisms to which all merely mechanical devices for securing agreement by mitin force must bu subject. Tho limitations of tho power of tho Council in deal- ing with money bills would doubtless prevent deadlocks from occurring over these measures. The question is whether by their adoption wo should not forego a useful check upon extravagant ex- penditure and upon reckless borrowing, and whether we should not imperil foreign confidence in our financial soundness by casting aside theso safe- guards. There is tho further question whethor, with a Council animated by reasonable sense of responsibility to tho country, thc surrender of those finan- cial safeguards would bo necessary, Finally comes tho question of the referendum. A great deal has in recent times boon written and uttered in ndvoency of this soiuowhat primitive device ior cutting short discussion by tho force oT an authoritative vote of tho people. Tho system is ono which is desired by fol- lowers of hard and fast Conservatism and also by partisans of social changes akin to revolution, whilo it was found conducive to the onds of a military despotism, which was supported by a plebiscite counting millions of votes in favour of u Government which foll in ruins a few months later without a hand being raised in its behalf. Tho referendum comes to us with associations all of which aro inimical to that system of rule through representative institutions in which Englishmen have found their best guarantees of freedom nnd self government. Whatovor is gained to the referendum must bo so much lost to the system of government, by Parliament. \V'u should be reluctant io adopt tho now agency unless we .were satisfied that wo had exhausted all the capabilities of that with which wo have boon so long familiar. Wo may probably regard Mr. JYEID, in putting for- ward nil theso proposals, as in tho position of a soller ' who asks a certain price, but would bo glad' to take two-thirds of it. In any case his announcement of these dotails last night is only tobe considered n-s preliminary and tentative, and tho cordial and enthusiastic endorsement which ho received from his nudiouso could only cover his demonstra- tion of tho necessity of Upper House reform and tho gencrnl principles of lin proposals, but could not bo taken to imply tho nccoptnnco of details which will necessarily requiro ampio and enroful con- sideration. Tho Annual Shoop Fair is an im- portant ovont of thc jinstornl yonr. livery grnzior who is alivo to his own interests and can afford tho out- lay is desirous to improvo or at lonst to maintain tito standard of his Hocks hy ronow.il of approved classes of shoop or by tho introduction of now strains. This is ono of tho essentials of pastoral success, and tito present as well ns tho futuro prosperity ol this great industry ia inseparably associated with this diligont caro in brooding. Stagnation hero would bo of tho worst augury for tho pastoral causo. And, if for no other roason than that so much of tho country's prosperity dopends upon tho succoss of pastoral pur- suits, tho citizen who has no personal interest in tho inuunierablo flocks from which so much of tho gonoral wealth is derived must bo concerned about tho Australasian sheep market which is cotniug to bo the charnctor of our yearly sales in Sydney. Established now a qunrtor of a century, theso sales owo their importance both to tho continued expansion of the industry and to tho enorgy of those (foroacoiug mon who during that ¡period hare prosidod over their dovolop mout. Originally but small affairs, adjuncts in somo dogroo to metropolitan shows aud the like, tho annua? stud-sheep eales liars for soyeral .years awumod afar / i moro important ohnraotor. Tho breeders of tho colony competed among themselves, and afterwards tho intercolonial mon came in. Evory year has witnessed Bomo growth, until now tho choicest Hocks throughout Australasia' aro fully ro presontod nt Sydney, and breedors lind it well to work up to this markot. Each colony sends not only tho host animals of its most popular typo of sheep, but tho host of several typos, and tliis variety offers to tho buyer the most favourable matorials for choice. And so thia fair assumes each year an iuiporianco moro truly Australasian, and sooins likely to bo a central point for tho wholo pastoral class of those colonios. And apart from tho selling nnd buying, which aro tho princi- pal matters, there must be much advan- tage in tho opportunities thus afforded of exchanging views about tho mau}' concorns of this groat intorost among mon who aro managing it under ovory varioty of climute, pasturo, legislation, and industrial outlook. Tho yonrs which havo witnessed tho growth of theso sales from their local ori- gin and ox tout to their present all-embracing importnnco havo also soon au ovolution of tho pastoral industry. Tho haphazard fashions of tho oarly squatting days have disappeared. Instead of tho old oasj' going methods of management, tho busi- ness of tho pastoralist lins boon systema- tised in every direction. It might bo thought that thero could bo little, if any, nltorntion in suoh an occupation as this, and that in its essentials tho pastoral calling was unchangoablo from tho days of that very early squatter Amt.uiAM down to tho j present. Tho patriarchs might have been somewhat familiar with our conditions just before fencing carno in nnd whilo tho old order of shepherding was in vogue. But oven that smart pastoralist JACOB would havo had to learn something beforo ho undertook to work ton or a dozen blocks in tho Central division of New South Wales, not to speak of shearing under tho now ngreoment. Tho lavish improvement of tho country by fencing, wator conservation, ringbarking, extirpation of noxious animals aud other- wise lias permitted a vast increase in tho number of stock carried. Somo obsorvers think wo aro near tho limit of tho carrying capacity of tho colony, but wo shall clo well it' wo can go on turning tho existing number to profit. That is whare tho nhiof importnnco of tho salo3 comos in. Now that railways, woll- watored public roads, and tho prospects of irrigation promise to save much of tho lamentable and frequent loss of stock attendant upon drought in tho past, it may bo oxpectod that by breeding only the best types of sheep, whether for wool or carenso or both, the pastoralist will get better returns from tho samo number of I sheep. As was tho caso last year, tho New Zealand crossbreds aro largely shown, and though the morino is not likoly to bo displaced from threo-fourths of our territory, the newer class is oridently being carefully tried in suitablo dis- tricts for tho sako of tho export trado in mutton. Another characteristic of this fair must not bo ignored. This is its intercolonial importance, nnd tho evidonco which is t luis given to tho growth of Sydnoy ns tho pastoral centro of Australia. This colony is tho grontest Bheopownor of tho group, but that does not nccouut alto- gether for tho mngnitudo of oithor tho sheep snles or tho wool sales. As to the latter, even though by menus of tho Darling nnd of short railway haulngo a large part of our wool still goes to Melbourne nnd Adclnido, tho romarkablo feature of tho last decade or less is tho way in which this city has rognined tho pastoral supremacy. This wo owo partly to the greatness of our clip, pnrtly to the wiso management of our railways, but chiefly to tho recognition that for all pur- poses of business this port is indisputably tho most advantageous in Australia. The terminus of almost evory lino of steam or sailing ships trading to tho colonios, with deep water alongside tho railway, and n productivo territory embraced by tho main lines, Sydnoy occupios such a position of strength ns only tho most futuoiH errors on the part of hor Govern- ments can shake. Tho sales and export of pastoral produco aro consequently nu index of something moro than the dimensions of tho pastoral in- terest of tho colony alone, and furnish proof that not only are wo pos- sessing ourselves of tho trade of our own territory, but that tho importnnco of .Sydney us the commercial capital of tho colonies is fully recognised. In tho stoutly expansion of tho shoep fair from tho humble transactions of past years to tlio dignity it has now attained, when hundreds of tho most valu- able animals from ovory stud Hock in nil Australia aro offered to tho bidding of representative pastoralists from every part of tao country, thero is to be discerned another testimony of ibo samo kind. These are reasons, in their bearing upon the continued advaneo of the national industry and tho maintenance anti tho extension of tho rommoroo of this city, which rendor the fair worthy of tho interest of all citizens._ Tho Treasurer has no roason for hoing oilier than satisfied, with his half- yearly roi urns of revenue. Tho total recoived is lesa hy £ IC, OOO than tho amount ns ho esti- mated it in November last, bat it exceeds Iiis optimate of the !)lh of May by X5,i,00t). Tiie total result is a decreuso of i;7i(,J:!8 ns compared . with tho similar period of hist year, but when wo find that of this total decrease tho sum of £61), 752 was supplied ns tho doereasu on tho last qunrtor,-that is to say, within tho timo during which business has boon interfered with hy impending Customs changes,-wo get an indication ns to soino of tho cnuso3 of tho decline. This indication is furthor borno out when wo noto that, whilo on tho half-year tho kead of Customs ¡javo a decrease of £2.0,047, tho samo hoad showed a decrease of £38,061 for tho Inst quarter. Land revonuognToadccroitso on the half-year of no loss than £118,000, hut this deolino was wholly duo to tho fnlling-off of sales by auction. On tho othor hand, tho railway revenue showed tho splendid incroaso for railways and tramways togothor of £18,552 for tho half-yonr. Of thia sum £-15,514 waa made during tho latter quarter, which is highly encouraging to tho prospects of tho rail- way revonuo in tho immedinto future. Tho othor items of incroaso or docroftso possoss little iutorost, and tho I points of significant in tho half year's roturns aro tho largo loss on Customs, duo to tariff uncertainties, tho enormous roduction of tho proceeds of land sold by auction, and tho magnificent im- provement of tho railway ravouuo, due to causes which happily tho tinkoring of legislation and quarreling botwoon tho two Chambora aro not ablo to hinder or to woakon. Whilo tho London Times and our in- tercolonial neighbours have been paying us what ia soma instances, perhaps, vero unintended complimenta on the probablo effect o£ tho Ministry's freetrado policy, that offoct has in certain quarters been disputod. Tho papers in Molbourno aro fiercely debating tho question as to whether Sydnoy has or has not been gaining at tho oxponso of Melbourne. Thus wo hoar Victorian commerce spoken of on the one sido as drying up, tho trade shrivelling, and tho port of Melbourne becoming a marino dosort ; whilo on tho othor an attempt is mndn to show by figures that it is Now South Wnlos, and not Victoria, which is commercially shrivelling up. Tho journal that dofonds Molbourno undertakes to provo that tho number of ships onterod at Now South Wales ports in 1801 showed a falling-off ns against tho number for 1892 by 1259, whilo tho aggregate tonnngo fell off to tho extent of 815,1 M. Tho Argus, however, is able to show (int tho real figures indicate an incroaso of 9;t in thonunibor of ships, and in tonnago of 02,75R, while the difference between tho two cities ns against Molbourno for last year ap- proximated to 250,000 tons. This is interesting so far as it goos, but it is worth whilo remarking that it is not Now South Wales that makes tho boast about hor comnioreinl nscendonoy. It was tho Times that said our frootrado tariff would monopolise tho trado of tho continont, and it was a Melbourne paper that announced how Sydney had takon tho placo of Molbourno as tho leading centro of tho distributing trado of tho colonios, so that Victorian firms had to move their bend offices to Sydney. In tho samo way, it was not a Now South Wales but a Queensland politician who com- plained that tho policy of Now South Wales would havo tho effect of cen- tralising tho trado of tho Eastern oolonies in Sydnoy. This colony morely goes on its way of tariff reform us fast ns the exigencies of " practical politics" will lot it, and in doing so is only returning to whnt has boon tho characteristic policy of tho colony until a couple of years ngo. Ono of our intercolonial critics has boen so eager to mnko a caso against us and to tho credit of its protectionist policy that it took our shipping returns for 1892 for tho wholo colony, and com- pared them with thoso for 1891 for Sydnoy only, loaving out Newcastle, Eden, tho Murray ports, and othor entries altogether. But oven if that pnper had quoted correctly, it would only havo suc- ceeded in showing n falling-off probably duo to our temporary lapso from frootrado. If tho othor colonies uro apprehensive of tho suporior advantages likely to nccruo to us from a return to our old policy, they can- not do hotter than doularo for froetrade themselves._ VICE-RIKI AXNEWS.-Tho Licutenaut-Govcnior, Lad}* Darloy, und fumily, yesterday took up their reddenT nt Government Hou>e. Hitherto they havo Iwon staying ut Quiunbi, "Woolluhrn. Cap ¡ tain Feüding loft Sydney by train yesterday evening for Melbourne, on hw way to Eugland. RKFOIIM OVTUI; UPPER HOUSK.-A long meeting of tho Cabinet wa» held yesterday afternoon, tht: chief matter considered being tim proposals em- bodied in MT. Reid's speech liter in tho ovoning for tito reform of tho Upper House. Theso will bc found explained nt length ¡ti another column. Briefly, tho proposals aro that the Upper House U to bo limited to GO members, 12 of whom are to retiro each year, their places to be Ulled by nomination ; but (ha retiring member* aro to bo eligible for renomination. Tho retirements aro to begin nt once, und tho first dozen will probably be ebenen from amongst thoso members who have been least regular in thoir attendance in tho Council. Nominations will therefore be for fire yearn. The Lower House is to havo solo control of tho Appropriation Bill, no amendments hoing allowed by tho Council, but tho Council may amend taxation and loan bills. Tho amend- ments will como be ¡uro tho Assembly in tho usual course for consideration, »nd if tho Assembly in si A ta on tho passage of tho bills in thoir original form, then thoy are to bocomo law without further reference to the Council. In regard to other measures, if after being sent up to tho Council during two SUPCCBSÍVO sestiaus tho two Houses fail to como to an agreement in regard to »uch bills, then (provided they uro important mea au re*} they «re to bo referred to tho pooplo for decision by referendum during a Parliamentary recess. Special provision will have to bo mado for tho holding of tho referendum. It ia not now probable thut tho Government will this session introduce in the Councils bill for tho reform of that body. Tito Government proposals will in all probability be «imply introduced into the Council in tho form of resolutions, prior to their Hubmiß »ion to thc peoplo at the cunning elections. Mr. Heid says it is for tho people to say whether these proposais aro to beconiu law or not. Tin: DissoLiiiioN OK PAUMAIÍUNT.-On tho Assembly order paper for to-day thero is only one mutter of consequence, namely, the second roading and remaining filages of the Loan Bill, With tho exception of the Electoral Act Ameudmout Bill, now iu tho Upper Ilmihe, the Loan Bill is practically tho only Government bunine*!* on tho order paper that will bo dealt with (hi* fusion. Tho second , item on tho order paper is tho Cobar to Cockburn I Railway Bill, but tins measure has been dropped. ! Tho third item is tho third reading of tho Income ¡ TM Bill. Tho Loan Bill nhould be finished by tho Ashfmbly to-night, and tho House will then havo practically nothing to do, except to wait for the decision of the Council on tho Electoral Act Amendment Bill. This meusuro will como before tho Upper House this aftemoou, and, con- sequently, its tate will probably bo known before tho evening is over. If it pa*.-es without radical ntnendnunt, then Parliament may prorogue before (he end of this week. As for tho date of tho dis- pution, thar no doubt will depend to ii great extent on tho Electoral Bill, because if that moa.suru pulses a week or so will havo to bo given for the preparation of tho provisional rolls. It is not unlikely that tho dissolution will iako place about the cud of next week. TllK l'V.r.ETRADH jMrXTINO AT THK SCHOOL OF Am's.-Tho meeting of freetraders at the School of ArU, which has beon looked forwurd to with much interest for homo days pa:,t, took placo last night. The buildiug waa crowded in all parts. Mr. Heid outlined tho policy which it is intended by the Government to pursuo ;u dealing with tho Upper HOUBO, and explained that his speech was not tho manifesto of tho party, us Homo peoplo hud apparently expected. Tho manifesto would bo delivered at a inure tuiitablo timo und place. Tho meeting last night was merely a gathering of freetraders, and tho ques- tion of Upper House reform was the ono with which he mainly proposed to doa!. One,\:-:ISI.NO mr. FnF.itTKi.OK PAIVTÏ.-At thc freetrnde meeting at tho School of Arta laBt night resolutions were carriod appointing a committee of lo gentlemen outside Parliament to co-operate with a committee of 16 Government supporters in tho Assembly in the work of organising tho froo- trado party and selecting candidates for frootrado support at the ensuing elections. TUE RI-.VEN'DE KETunss.-Tho roveuuo roturus for tile past quarter and for the half-year ended 30th Juuo were published in tho Gmernmtnt Gaulle yesterday. They ihotv that tho total revenuo proper for tho past quarter was ¿2,432,14o, a decrease of £139,752, us compared with tho samo quartor last year. Customs for tho past quarter show a decrease of £38,GOO. Tho total land revenuo shows a falling-off of £10,270, while railway receipts show an increase of £15,514. For tho half-year ended 30th June, 1895, tho total rerenuo roeeived has been £J,5t)4,7S0, being a decrenso of £73,228, as comparai with the samo period last yfcar. For tho half-year Customs show a ehriukago of £25,047, land revenuo has fallon oil by £1 IS,543, whilst railway receipts havo iuoteaaed by £4S,552. Fuller particulars in regard to the revenue returns will bo found iu another column. Fur tho month just past thero hus been a decrease in tho revenue of £51,534, Customs hoing responsible for £3t,05G of this amount. Speaking yesterday in regard to tho rovonuo returns, Mr. Koid said tho rovonno was only £10,000 tinder what ho had estimated itwould bo in November last, lind if tho 30th Juno had uot fallen on a Sunday (whorob- a considerable sum was oarricii ofor to the 1st July} Lia eathnato of November lint would havolMcn absolutely re*li»d, In view of tho proposed change* in tho Ouitomi duties be bad bad ft very uncertain period to esti- mate. Tho result, which was .£63,000 in excess, of hi* estimate of 9l.li May, was very satisfactory. When putting forward his estimate on tho 3th May last ho had informed tho Assembly that hs considered that tho oflieers of tho various depart, ments hud underestimated tho revenue, but ho lsd preferred to adopt tho estirante, as if thors ww any mistako it would bo on tho safo sido. The figures now published show that tho Treasurer wo« not unduly sanguino. ELECTORAL MATTEIIS.-If tho Electoral Act Amendment Bill passes tho Upper Houso tho Ijoe.nl Govornmont Bopnrtment estimates ¡twill take two or three weeks to completo tho pro- visional lists ready for attachment to tho general roll. Uno defect of tho present Act which will bo romedicd by tho limondimr hill is that at present persons who havo moved from ono electorate to another and lost their rights, can only obtain substituted rights by applying personally to tho registrar of tho electo rato whero they originally got their rights. Tho amending bill enables electors to obtain substituted rights from tho registrar of ÍÍ10 elcetorato into which they havo moved. ' * will bo a convenience to many who lu como case« may havo moved 200 or 300 miles from their last electorate. Applications at tho Chief Electoral Oflice for rights and transferred rights havo moro than doubled during thc last few days. TUE Exn OP TiiK l'uiiuo Wonxs COSÎITITTEK. Tho dissolution of Parliament, which may bo oxpectod shortly, will also involvo tho dissolution of tho present Pabilo Works Committee, tho timo of its appointment being limited by tho duration of Parliament. Under theso circumstances tho present inquiry into tho Field of Mars tramway may not bo completed befora tho committee ceases to exist; but tho evidence taken by tho present coinroitlco will bo available for tho noxfc committee appoiutcd by tho new Parliament, provision being made under tho Publio Works A.ct Amendment Act that where any publie work has been referred to a couiinittco which has lapsed befnro tho work hat boon reported on, tho ovidenco taken by that com mittco shall bo considered by any subsequent committeo as if it had been taken by snell com- mittee. THE CHIEF RAILWAY COMMISSIONED.-Wa learn that Mr. E. M. G. Eddy intends to learn .Marseilles on tho 3rd August, and will probably arrive in Sydney ubout the 3rd September. It is mit. likely that time will permit of Mr. Eddy visiting America as originally Intended. Ile ¡snow engiu'ed in I/omlon at tho International Railway Conference. As Mr. Eddy's engagement does not terminate till Oetobor, tho impression exists that on his return to Sydnoy ho will tako up blt work again, and leave tho question of his re- engagement and salary for Parliament to settle. On this subject, howovcr, nothing is yet definitely kuowu. TUB RAILWAY COUMISSIONEUS.-Tho Railway Commissioners left Sydney yesterday on a visit to Nowcastle, to look into a number of railway requirements nt that place. Thoy will return to ui -ht. To-day the lfailway Uopartniont will bil located in its nowotliccs at thc Colonir.1 Secretary's buildings. TiîK JÏKDKKliîi JîiJLWAY AcCiî)Ii.\T CASKS.-It has been decided that tho remainder üf thc actions for damages uguinst tho Commissioners for Rail- ways nrising out of thc Redfern railway accident last year ahull ho taken beforû his Honor Mr. Justino Simpson, commonciug on the 2Gtli August. KN'oudii Mina.-Tho mails which left Sydney for Loudon <m tho .'10th May per JT.M.S. Ville do hi Ciotut arrived on oOth Juno. They wera due on 3rd July. TUB SOUTHERN' Caoss Smrxr.st.-Shipping fat cutt lo ou board thu steamer Southern Cross cora« mouecd yesterday morning, and was continued until fl p.m., when about 120 of tho 560 head ready for shipment wore safo on Laird. Messrs. Brabbin, lireuuan, und Clift, with a crowd of a-ssiàUnU, kept on steadily with tho work, end will rcaumo operations this morning. There vero closo to tho «bip last night, in railway tr indu, nbout 100 bullocks ready to be placed on board, and it i.s expected that ISO more will arrive and bo shipped to-day. It is probable, too, that the llorac**, about 30 head, will also bo placed in their atnlls nuder tho forccastlo deck. Tho process of shipping thu stool: is simple, nnd rauch moro expeditious than was tho syatom in force during tho shipments of last year. Tho cuttle cars, each containing from 10 to 12 bullocks, are drawn along tho rails from tho Darling JInrbour station until they uro placed directly opposite tho ihip, A strong bridgo about 25ft. in length ia placed between tho cur and tho* ship's gangway or bul- wark. Tho door of tho car ia opened, and tho cattle uro induced to run through tho " race" tho bridgo presents. Wheu tho bullock reaches tho deck ho proceed* through n rango of fitting*, or stalls, tho sido rails of which aro taken down, and thus ho proceeds either into pens which aro level with tho spot from which ho started, or is sent down a way or raco to a lower deck, whore ho is kept moving until ha reaches tho pen which is to bo bia berth for tho voyage. "When thc pen in filled tho »ide rails are put up, tho bullocks ara head-roped, and thu» thc shipping proceeds. Tho hist pens to bo filled aro thu ones »unrest to tho gangways or points of ingress. A great many Australian pastoralists witnessed yesterday's proceeding«, and it was tho general opinion that tho cattla wero of ii very good kind. ¿Itiny of them wero primo fut beasts, and nearly all wcro quiet and remainrd steady in their pens. Last night a liberal supply of green food was given to tba shipped etude, and thc feed boxes were placed in their proper positions. WIMS or nu: "WKEK.-The amount of probate duty paid on wills during last week was Xi I Ol Us. Tun DI:AN CASK.-Aa sotno misapprehension appears to exist in regard to tho form of release {minted to Cicorgo Deau, it may bo explained tliat in addition to approving of his release from gaol the Lieutenant-Governor ordered a free purdon to bo issued to Penn. Tho pardon was accordingly prepared, sealed wiüi tho (Treat seal of t lie colliny, nud forwarded to Deja on Saturday through hie solicitors. Consequently iJeaii is in all respect« a freo mun, and in full possession of his Civil rights. It may also ba I mentioned that even if tho pardon lind not been i issued, tho sentence of death had already prior io his release been comuwtctl to one of imprison- ment. j SOME NEWMAN PHOTOORAI'HS.-At Mr. New- man's atelier aro to bo peen threo tine enlarge j meuts of photographs,-one showing George Denn, j a second tho members of his defence cotunittee, and n third tho secretaries of tho movement. I In tho second tho grouping is very well done, anil every face is a good portrait. Dean's photograph was taken on Satur- day, und consequently shows tho mau of thc hour u.s ho is. Mr. Newman IIILS also obtained some interesting portraits of tho Very iiev. Prior Vaughan in throo poses, and tho enlargement shown in tho vestibule of tho studio is an admirable píceo of photographic portraiture. A l'rcncb panel of tho Prior and u cabinet photograph of Dean have been sent to this ofliee. TENDERS ACCEPTED.-The fallowing tenders have been accepted by the Public Works De- partment :—ll. Matthews and Co., Stanmore, erection of bridgu No. 2, Salt Pan Creek, nt Bankstown, £19¡> ts 2d ; A. Mawson and John M'Arthur, Cooma, erection of bridge over Little Plain River, on the road from Bombala to Dele- gate, £1532 2s ; W. J. Lansdown, Stan- more, erection of bridgo over Cooney's Crook, on tho Main South road, £333, Henry Smidt, Menindio, erection of bridgo over Drewer'» Creel;, on thu road from Wilcannia tu Wentworth, ¿201 17a . Clynrh and Williams, Appin, erection of bridgo over Horso Creek, cn the road from Jingellic to Kiiucobau, £102 U 6d; Robert Wall, Newtown, erection of post and telegraph otrlco, Camperdown, £1011 ; Kobert Gillies and John Fraser, Turnworth, erection of police barracks at Barraba, £000 ; W. II. Smith, Marrickville, erection of lockup, Marrickville, £2395. VITAL STATISTICS.-Tho Kcgistrar-ueue rm ° report of thc vital statistic* of the city of Sy<lucy for the mouth of Jiiue, 1S95, shows that in tho 'city tho births of 219chi!dren-Ii" males and 102 ¡ females, were registered-hoing 95 in CTCCS of tho deaths, and ono moro than tho nuraUr of births I registered for tho previous month. Tho deaths registered were 124-titi male« and 58 females hoing 19 moro than the provious month. There I wero 14 deaths registered oí peoplo of 70 years urn! upwards. ACOIUK.VTS WITH JIOKSKS.-A child, 4 years of ago, named Leslio Tnoker, residing at No. 75 J Sutherland-street, Paddington, ivas taken to tho Sydney Hospital yesterday afternoon suffering from a contused depressed fracture of the skull, I tho result of a kick by a. horse. Tho opération oí i trsfinning »as subsequently performed on little luftorcr. John Lawson, 20, a buti Dring at No. 7 Liîflo Edward-street, Fym irissdmitled into tho same institution yoste jittering from tho eliott* of n similar accident tm ACCIW-OT--A lad named Wilfred II Jd years cf age, residing at Missondon-i Graiperdotni, wa' admitted into tho Sydney 1 pita! yesterday artcrnooii, suffering from iute iojorics received by being crushed by an olovi fiui CABT AccmiOT.-At about 10 o'c yesterday morning « carter named Alfred Sra raiding at NO' 15 Globe-road, wa» run over lilied at tho intersection of MitchoH-st ind Glcbc-road, (Hobo. It seonis i ibo deceased was leading a horso when loila!. Tlo deceased's ^on, who was in tho c ros unablo to slop tim animal, and tho < pissed over (lie chest of tho unfortunate man. Dcoioi.vu AcciDK.vr tn THU ItAnnoun.-Ow Is tho capzising of a waterman's boat in the h tour, at about ll o'clock last night, n scan lilororing to tho li.M.Sj. Ophir named Willi lleffrr.ui was drowned. He, accompanied three allier seamen, named John ]'"isher, Jc Doyle, and Miller, loft, Trinco'» Stu (or tho Ophir, which is lying in Neutral Iii TVhcn about 200 yunis off Kirribilli HID boat w ? filed by tho wash of a Manly Hench steamer a (jpize.1. Two of tho men were rescued by t iteaoier Lotti-, and a third was piekod up by (oat from Admiralty House. Search wa ma for Hederán, but without success. It, may ucntioned that tho firemen of the Lotus nnd passenger by tho samo steamer displayed coi »ideraMo bravery by jumping overboard to nsaai (ks men. A ifrsrrnio'js FATALITY.-A man name Tl.om.is Joseph, 1.1 years nf age, n widower, Intel employed a» a driver by Mr. Jnmes Steers of 1' Hertford-street, Glebe, died in tho Trinco Alfn Hospital yesterday afternoon. Tho deceased w: discovered nt 2 .a.m. on Ibo previous day lying i (a nncoiiFeions condition under tho bridgo i Pyrmont Bridge-road, Forest Lodge Ho- wa rooreyed by tho police to tho hospital, but neve reclined conciousness, FitiL Amnr.xT to A JocKr.T.-Tlio Cit' Owner, Mr. J. ('. Woore, held an inquest nt St" Vincent's Hospital yesterday relativo to tho deatr, if tho jockey LaurenT Af'Nulty, who received (ital injuries whilu riding nt Kensington on Thursday lust. The cireiimslancea nf tho accident lire already been rep,..-ted. A verdict of ac- cidental dc'Slh was returned. His E.tci:i.n:xcv Sir. I"j:Kr.i:i:n K DARLEV hts, on lit invitation of the Mayor as president of tho Kapital Saturday Fund, consented (o distribute in the Town Hall lins uvening tho nm -miits which havo Ina voled tn tho vuri.ius hospitals. Lady Darloy tos also liRiiiüed her intention of hiing present. Os Friday nest at noon tho Colonial Secrotary »ill receive a deputation in connection with tho Weitem Suburbs Cottar,.' irnspit.il, regarding n rpeml crant ia aid of thu addition now being made to that institution. 