WISE AND OTHERWISE. The public found Itself in a quandary this week, having to choose between two tip top comsdy entertainments— the free eomedy, en titled The Opening of Parliament,' 'Mid tho soul absorbing fascination of tho. Gaiety Girls. It ie an old story. Lovely womanhood carried the day ; thousands rushed to the Exhibition and basked in tbe sunshine of beauty's smiles, wbilo only a few score of peoplo wero heroio enough and oarricd their self denial so far as to rally round our legislators in their gala drcks. Mr. Hancock was especially resplendent in frock ooat and tall glossy hat— of the stove pips kind. Old world Radicals envelop them selves in red shirts and wideawakes. But since the entrance into politics of Mr. Chirnsido, who is always resplendent in new clothes, a. groat change has come over our politicians. Mr. Zox has been particularly thoughtful, and mado' to soo tho error of his ways in for ever don-' ning the white waistcoat. Mr. M'ColL has laid aside tho tartan and Mr. M'Lcllan the plaid ; Mr, Webb bas put off liis national costume, and Mr. Rogors, too, has clotliod himself with a right mind. Still our politicians have not yet gone quite so far as French legislators, who, when not speech making, are doing their hair. In Franco overy soldier is credited with carrying a possible marshal's bfiton in his knapsack, and every politician has a hair comb in his pocket. Ylotorinn politicians havo hitherto carried nothine moro deadly than a want of confidence motion. But sinoe the dlsappoaiance of tbe genial Sir Bryan the fashion 'has greatly changed. The week hasnot been without itsdisillusions. There is tho sudden extinction of the agitation for tho union of the ohurohei ; the projected conversion of our gunboats into common smoke produoing harbor tugs; and the Molesworth correspondence. . Each of tlieiie eeusations for a time held tho town oaptivc, but are now less alluring than the banquet table is to the ovor- fed However, the public mind bas yot a few Ideals left. Mr. Fitz Gibbon's salary is still a burning question, and this thrilling topic might yet end in the shedding of good munioipal blood, so great is the feel ing aroused in the bosoms of the worthy citizens who do us the honor of squandering our rates.' But meanwhile the White Knight shows his lordly radifference to potf, and oontinuss dictating from the main sower works more con gratulatory telegrams to the crowned heads of Europe. Lastly, have wo not federation to live for? The good people who shout themselves purple over this causo can triumphantly point to tho fine federal feeling in tho air as it manifests itself in the shark liko voracity to gobblo up a bib of Victorian territory. And thoy can also point to tho fino neighborly feel ing shown in Sydney to reliove Victoria of the burden of the Riverina traffic. Indeed, so keen is tbe federal love of Sydney that it Is oarricd to the Quixotio length of imploring Rivetina to keep the negotiations dark, so that the pleasant surprise for Victoria might be complete and our federal rojoioiogs proportionately accen tuated. Not bo very long ago certain ridioulods people wrote and talked muoh about railway construc tion, and attempted to bIiow that under tho aneten rigimc the vory best results wore obtained. Even comparisons were made with tabulated statistics, put together on the Hirschian method, to prove that Viotoria had the boat managed and ohoapest lines in tbe world. Somohow tho public could not make these statements fit in with the " brutal fact "of annual deficits. It will come as a tromendons shock to those misguided persons to hearfrom the chairman of the American Transportation Com mission that the Victorian lines are uot only more extravagantly managed, but have boen built at 50 per cent, more oost than American lines. Yet at the very time that we have tbe disinterested and non-partisan American expert telling us that we are still paying through the nose for our railway whistles, certain ridiculous people, who set up looally as railway experts, are denouncing tho laudable efforts made to reduce tbe working exponscs. The savings .made.,, are called "starving the lines," ignoring'tho faot that our linos are yet equipped and manned a quarter of a century in advance of our requirements. But then nothing short of an earthquake will bring your average fossilised Conservative up to date. It may not bo generally known, nevertheless it is a faot, that another greAt and glorious victory has beon won by the freo-traders. This time coal was the battle ground. The organ of the party led tbe attaok with some stirring patriotic music and kept up the tunes; but tbe less impronsion tbey created the louder tho organ played, until the poor thing was quite woru out, and it got hopelessly out of order. When the noise ceased and the performers ooolod down a little and looked about, to tbeir horror they found that tbe attacks upon tbo Victorian coal industry were not only unjustifiable, but had wholly failed. Then the whito feather was put out and an emissary sent in hot haHte to the Coal Creek Company with the offer to Bay no moro about the stupid blunder of trying to ruin the Victorian industry in order that Newcastle may regain tho Victorian market and put up the price of coal 25 or 50 per cent. Yet while this humiliating retreat was negotiated by tho back door the orgau asked its supporters to rally round its flag and rejoice over the deathless vic tory just gained Napoleon styled War Minister Cacnot as the " orgatusor of victories." The poor free-traders say their journal is the organiser of disaster. In tho same quarter we are told that, despite tbe rally of the young patriotic league, the old second class league and Mr. R. M. Smith's small but seieot band, the "national event" ( celebrated in April, 1894, has not turned out a success, as both old and young Victoria still ob stioately refuses to take itspolitics fromtbe Con servative printing house. In dosperation tbe heavy style is dropped aud a bold bid made for the patronage of the many by playing it low down after the manner of tbe cheap comic papers. Grave aud reverend seigniors in tbe civil servioe are styled " twopenny little secretaries," and treated like fallen idols. And as this is found not to be funny enough to wring even a smile from a Presbyterian minister, higher game has to bo brought down. To wit, hands are laid on her Majesty's Ministers. In a wild whirl of excruoiating humor one is desoribod as " butter freezing Mr. Taverner," aud another or " bobbing round Mr. Best." As for poor Mr. Isaao Isaacs, he gets no sort of rest, and is expected to supply all the sport for the unamusable Conservative reader. Next week these subtle humoriitio efforts will doubtless bo capped by delicate insinuations about " fashion plate Mr. 11. M. Smith " and " squint-eyed Mr. Staugbton," "broken backedSirJohnM'Intyre " and "jumping Jack. Haloney." Iu this way will sweetness and light be diffused over the risk!" moras- of Teryi-m. Professor Marshall Hall has for years past had to stand alone and suffer the contradiction of sinners in tho shape of so-oalled musical critics, who received with wild ironical laughter his contention that music— high class Marshall Hall, not Musio Hall, music— was capable of expressing the emotional significance of a ohair or a meat safe. He accepted their scorn with a grand Tennysonian indifference, and setting his taeth together ground out his great har monies unheard Save by the space of heaven, and few oars. And now his noble perssvsrance has been re warded, and bis position made strong, by a temporary but powerful ally in the person of Mr. Clifford Haiti, whoso musical enthusiasm soars even higher than that of the professor himself In one of his recent leoturea Mr. Haiti hinted, in no obscure way, that he con sidered musio to be tbe art of arts, comprising all other arts in its majestic cirole. In other words the Musician— with a capital M— is poet, painter, arohUeot, actor and even perfumer all in one This is not the first time that such claims hnvo been brought forward on behalf of the long Laired brotherhood. It may be granted without dispute that the musician is a poet. One does not always know what bis composi tions mean (in suoh casts it is always safe to assume that they are poems) ; but the same remark applies to many of the productions of Browning, who was a poet by trade. As regards painting, there U the hlstorio instance of the blind man who, on being askod what he thought the oolor scarlet to be liko, said' it was like the sound of a trumpet, to prove that musloal chords are capable of conveying, a sense, of color. There is therefore n reason why they should not be made to paiot a pieturo In respect to dramatic action being expressed musically, does not De Quinoey In bis.defence of opera contend that It would be quite possible for a competent whlstlor to whistle the Siege of Troy in suoh a manner as to impress the minds of the listeners with the idea that they were aotually wit nessing tho combats wbioh took plaee upon the windy plains of Ilium ? The French poet Baudelaire believed, or affeoted to believe, that tho scent of certain flowers suggested musical tones peculiar to them- solves And as for Form, somo curious experi ments made a. few years ago proved that musio plays an all important part In its production It was shown that iron filings scattered on a plate of glass or other material with a smooth surface, brought into contaot with a piano, dis posed themeelvos in patterns according to tho tune played upon tho instrument. And tho same tune always produced tho'samo pattern. Tho vortex theory of the formation of worlds is an illustration upon a stupendous scale of tho same principle. Therefore, when the morning stars sang together for joy, they sang with method. It is clear that Professor Marshall Hall knew what ho was talking about, and tbe critics did not know what they were talking about. Musio is the Alpha and Omega of arts and scienoos. The rcsurrco- tion itself is to be announced by tba blast of a trumpet. It scorns a pity, however, that the professor has not made a serious effort to try its effect upon tho depression, and ootnpel that horrible tin-vanishing ghost to "disappear to slow music." Mr. Fanton, P.M., does not usually impress persons— more particularly accused persons— who soo him presiding at the City Court as being a rich blooded individual overcharged with animal heat. Yet when Mr. 0. A. Smyth re marked in court tho other day — noticing that the Government had persisted in its far seeing polioy of abolishing fires in the oour.t liouso — that ho and his brother mombers of tbe bar then present had subscribed a sum sufficient to pay tho cost of a fire, Mr. Panton did not apponr to bo conscious of tho sArcasm itnpliotl. Neither did ho stem to feel tho cold rauoh, hut remarked in a careless way that arrangements bad already been made for the warming of the ohamber. Tho mombers of tbe bar engaged wero amazed at his stoicism. They forgot that be had hoard that morning that he had been created a O.M.G. Warm! He was glowing. Something will have to bo done shortly to make tho position of Australian municipal repre sentatives moro attractive and comfortable. A "resignation" mlorobo has somehow or other ovaded tho vigilanea of tho health officers, and is working havoo among munioipnl counoils. Now South Wales is suffering most severely at present, but it is evident that the microbe has crossed the Murray and penetrated as far south as the sylvan shiro of Nunawading. The symptoms are not always simitar, but the results are identical. Tbe troublo began at Rcdfern in connection with a civic elcotrio lighting plant, an aldernym and a Supremo Court injunction. An epidemic fol lowed at Bathurst, whore tho whole town council declined to act, on the ground that tbey got tbeir gas from the corporation, and wero hence to be deemed " contractors " with tho municipality. An isolated and peouliar case has occurred at Broken Hill, where an alderman has Bent iu his resignation on the ground that ha "cannot agree with his fellow aldermen." The Nunawading case shows that the insidious germ acts in somewhat different fashion in Victoria. Cr. Serpcll hat sett iu his resignation heoauve, after a six years' trial, he finds that "late hours, offensive and .disorderly oonduot have a very had effect on his body and soul." This is depressing, but still it suggests a gleam of prospective consolation. If members of Parliament aro not microbe proof, some of them may be att&ekcd; by the "resignation germ."' If late hours and offonsiveuess are all required for the development of the disease — well, thoro are legislators who, if they contract It, will nono of them be missed. TheCabioot has quailod under tho fierce firo of the battery of female eloquence brought to bear on its thrice affirmed resolution to retrench tho boarding out of neglected children by Is. a week, nod has compromised by a temporary sur render of the economy. When Miss Morris fulminated against the Chief Secretary's unnrgumentativo obstiuaoy, and complained tb&t; " men bad the power, women had none, and tbe men could simply stamp upon them," it was clearly time for a Government with a " One Adult One Vote " Bill up its aleevo to cave in. It seems that fosterage at 5s. a week and filial lervicca never did pay; and that foater parents will "have to part with ohildron they love dearly" if the pay ie reduced to 4s. — or olse take the lost shilling out of the bread and butter. Tbe depth of the affection which the subsidised guardians of neglected children bear tdwards their obArgesmust indeed be profound, when it is worth a shilling a week, but, of course, that is not the point. The Marquis of Ripon has hitherto been re? puted a most zealous, indefatigable and effec tive Secretary of State for the Colonics; but the stress of the sudden and strong domand for colonial governors -is proving too much for him and, in some dissatisfied quarters, for his reputation. The Premier of Now South Wales is a man of suoh importance that it iu little short of an outrage to associate him for several months with a mere Lieutenant- Governor, and as the lato Sir Robert Duff's vice-regal chair is stUlv&cant;, Mr. Reid has been constrained to let the Marquis know I that he is not satisfied with him, and that if the work of the Colonial Office cannot bo more expeditiously done be (Reid) iB prepared to do some of it himself and nomiuato a Governor. It is not known yet. whether Lord. Ripon will resigu now Sir Saul Samuel has broken tho bad news to bim gently, or whether he will take the suggestion of tbo St James's Gazette , abandon his persistent quest for an eligible carl who is willing to try his amateur hand at governing, without regard to salary, and offer the billet to some ox-Premier of New South Walps. If they are. all too modest, then Mr. Gillies might be tempted, or perhaps Max Hirsoh might be qualified . by this time. Meantime anxiety is on tiptoo to know whether Lord Rosebery will, as Sir George Dibbs expocts, reply to Mr. Reid's message with a polite intimation to "goto tho devil." 