THE MOORAK TROPHY* THE PROTEST DECIDED. A united meeting of the Committees of the Mount Gambier Mounted Rifles and the Mount Gambier Infantry Company waa held laat night to consider the protest entered by 20 membera of the Infantry Company and two of the Mounted Riflea against the decision of the handicappera for the Moorak Trophy agreeing this year to allow two sighters at each distance, and fixiug the soore limit at each competition (excepting where a greater number of pointa are made off the rifle) at 89. Captains Wilaon iwho waa voted to the Chair) ond Howland, jieuta, Looke,.Norman, Marshall, ana Heaver 3 Sergta Glass and Renfrey, Col.-Serg. Powell, Corporal Barry, Lunoe Corporals Oates and Addema, and Priv. Fartoh were present. Lieuta. Marshall and Laoke were two of the : handicappera. The third waa Mr. Daniel, but he was not present. The protest waa read and also a letter signed by Privates Underwood and Aconley, the two aoratah men, declining to oompete any further for the trophy on acoount of the protest. For the information of the meeting Mr, Browne's rulea were read. After a lot of discussion it waa resolved, on the proposition of Lieut. Norman seconded by Lanoe-Oorporal OateB, that the protest aa re garded the sighting shots should not be enter tained, Then there was a long disoussion about the protest against the limit, those who supported the protesters contending that the handi oappera had exoeeded their powers, Lieut. Norman moved that the protest be not enter tained, and Sergt, Kenfrey seconded. Captain Howland said he felt very Bore on the matter, and in his opinion it gave the trophy simply to a soratoh man, who had merely to shoot for 80 to win. He moved that the protest be enter tained, At the same time he gave the handicap pars every oredit for competency, honesty, and a deaire to do the best for the interests of rifle shooting, When the Boratch man made 89 the whole of the reat of the Company, he ooneid ered, were virtually shooting from soratoh, Lieut. Looke thought all this should have been diaouBaed before they fixed the handicaps. If the handioappera were to be direoted in every thing they Bnould receive their direotionB at first, Sergt, Glass said the protest, being entered several days after the shooting, should not be entertained at all under the 3. A. Rules, Captain Howland maintained that under the new rule no handicap man oad a ghost of a show against a soratoh man. Lieut. Marshall aaked what show a scratoh man or a man with A low handicap had against a man with a big handicap who went out and made 105 I with his handicap, aa was done laat year. Captain Howland said they should stop him, Lieutenant Marshall-That's just what we have done, We have stopped him, (Laughter,) Some members appeared to think that the limit extended to both competitions, and that if a man made say 95, with his handicap, at one and 83 at another, it would be oounted aa two aoorea of 89; but Lieutenant Marshall said nothing was said about that at the handi capped meeting, The limit was for eaoh com £stition. This waa Mr, Daniel's opinion also, lieut, Locke's idea waa that the limit em braced the two competitions, and that what a man made in excess of 89 at one competition would be oredited to him at the next if he fell below the limit. Eventually, aa it appeared that the carrying of Captain Howland'a amendment would upset the competition already oompleted, which would be unfair, the mover withdrew it, and the proposition waa oarried. It was then resolved, on the proposition of Sergt, GlasB seconded by Lieut, Marshall, that in future Mr, Browne's rulea be adhered to in their entirety, Before the meeting closed there waB a long conversation aa to how ties should be decided. It waa found that under S,A, Rule 61 ties must be decided by " counting baok," That, however, waa where there were no handicaps, For the Moorak trophy it waa resolved, on the proposition of Lieut. Marshall seconded by Col,-Sergt, Powell-" That the handioaps, in the event of a tie, be divided, one-sixth at 200yds., two-sixths at 500yds., and three aixtha at 600yda," That, it waa held, worked in conjunction with Rule 61. Lieuta, Looke and Marshall agreed to confer with Mr. Daniel as to what the limit of 89 meant, and give their decision to the committees, The Broken Hill sohool board of advioe have decided to reaommend the adoption of Adelaide time in the publio schools instead of the standard time, whioh ia found very in convenient, The vioarage at St, Peter's, Ballarat, lately held by Canon Flower, now Archdeacon of Grafton, has been offered by the Bishop of Ballarat to Canon Poole, M, A,, of St, John's, Adelaide, who han aaoepted it, Eighteen months ago the bottom of Binney's quarry, on Block 11, caved in, oarrying with it two men, The body of one waa recovered the next day, but owing to the dangerous nature of the ground the mining inspector decided that it waa unsafe to oontinue to search for the other man, Richardson, His remains have been un earthed 80ft, below the bottom of the quarry where the ohrinltage oocurred, The bodywaB found out asunder between two enormous boulders, only a few bnnes remaining. At a Bale held at Hamloy Bridge on May 25 of the property of one of the tenanta of the South Australian Company, some draught horses realised only Is. 3d. per head, Mr. Innes, a wine merohant of Sydney, looka favorably on the proapeota of the Auatralian wine trade with Japan, He recently Bent 100 gallons there, and scoured a profitable return, He states that the Japanese prefer sweet wines, There are seven thousand people in Paris who are employed in the preparation of human hair for the market. 