FICTION. A Tragedy in the Snow, (BY FORTESOUE WELLS.) We meet them at the doorway, on the stair, Along the passages they come and go, Impa pable impressions on the air, A sense of something moving to and fro. We have no title deeds to house or lands; Owners and occupants of earlier dates From graves forgotten stretch their dusty hands, And hold in mortmain still their old estates. LONGFELLOW. "To let, near Lofthouse, Niderdale desirable family residence, ten rooms, good garden, splendid view, moderate rent. For further particulars apply Messrs Gordon and Sons, Batley-street, Leeds." So ran the advertisement in the " To let" column in the Leeds Express, over which I had been poring, trying to come to a decision as to which of the many apparently desirable residences my wife and I should inspect that day. For a whole week we had been diligently in specting desirable residences, and were thoroughly tired of this occupation; however, with the hope that we had at last found one to suit us, I called on Messrs Gordon and Sons, and from them obtained the further particulars. The house they stated was situated about three miles from Lofthouse, and stood in well-wooded grounds; there was also a good orchard,containingmany choice fruit trees, and a splendid view of the surrounding country was to be obtained from the windows. They also informed me that an old couple occupied a small cottage at the rear of the premises; the wife had charge of the keys and would show us over the house, and no doubt if we took Beech Hall the husband, Enoch Smugman, would be willing to act in the capacity of gardener for a trifling wage. The rent was extremely moderate- about half what we had been asked for similar residences, a fact which should have arouEcd our suspicions; but unfortunately for us, as after events proved, it did not, so the following day we journeyed to Lofthouse to inspect Beech Hall. Beech Hall was approached by a fine beech avenue, through which we passed over a thick carpet of mast. It was a picturesque house when viewed from the front; quaint projecting windows with diamond.shaped panes and grey gables covered with a species of lichen pro claimed its age. The massive and quaintly carved door, which was guarded on either side by a stone griffin, was approached by I a wide flight of steps. The flower garden I in front was the only thing which had a modern appearance. This was laid out in terraces and showed signs of recent care and attention. The interior of the house corresponded I with the exterior. Over the fireplace inI the front rooms large mirrors, each I surrounded by a rose-coloured marble border, were built into the wall ; the dark 1 oak wainscotting was richly carved; all was old-fashioned, solid, and sub atantial. By a broad staircase we gained the upper corridor, on to which opened four bedrooms-The largest room,situated over the dining-room and facing the front of the house, was handsomely panelled in black oak, and the cornices and mantel piece were richly carved in shamrocks and roses, the emblem of Scotland being absent. When passing through this room the old woman drew our attention to a rose in the tracery, which she pressed, when a panel slid back, disclosing what had evidently been a secret closet. The quaintness of the rooms and the general appearance of the house pleased us so much that after a cursory glance at its surroundings we decided to take it, and wrote to the agent that evening to that effect. As we left Beech Hall we informed the woman that we intended to take it. She eyed us curiously as she re marked dryly "Aurm not vurry parshul to old haases, but its good luck as it happens, as we've just git th' one to sewt yo." We liked Beech Hall and the neigh bourhood so well that after residing there for about four months we contemplated taking it on a long lease, and one day as I was watching Eooch Smugman prune a luxuriant rosebush I mentioned this fact to him. The old man started nervously, dropping his knife. "Doant yo,' malster," he exclaimed hur riedly ;," doant you. Cum winter it's a fearsome place for the xýomen folk, when it be dark and the deed lady walks," "Dead lady walks; what do you mean ?" Before answering my question Enoch looked furtively around. "You be haunted sure," he said with a solemn nod towards the house, his wrinkled face puckered up mysteriously. "Nonsense, Enoch, an old woman's tale." "It baint nonsense,"dhe replied sturdily, "for aw sin her mysel wi' her deed child." "Her ! who? " "Dorothy Metcalfe." " Who is Dorothy Metcalfe ?" " Her as walks." "Impossible," I exclaimed; "why we have been here four months and have seen nothing." " All the same her walks ; yo'll see her cum winter," Enoch answered dog gedly. Though I had very little belief as to Enoch's statement, knowing how absurdly superstitious the peasantry in that dis trict were, and how thoroughly wedded they were to their ideas, still I felt reluctant to close with the agent's offer, and so stipulated for a twelvemonth's occupation before taking it for a longer term ; but it was not till one evening in the early winter that anything occurred which gave me reason to think that after all there might be some truth in the statement of the old man that the house was haunted. One evening I had walked down to the stables to look at one of my horses, and stood talking to the groom for a few min utes, when just as I was about to return to the house I was surprised to observe a lady approaching through the trees on my left. She was dressed in a long dark cloak, the hood drawn over her head, and muffled in a shawl she carried a child pressed close to her shoulder, I turned to the lad, and was about to enquire who the lady was, for the gait and pose of the figure were unmistakably refined, when I was surprised to see his usually ruddy face ashy pale, and his eyes almost start ing out of his head. " Why, what is the matter ? " I cried. " The ghost, " he stammered. " Where !" He pointed to the figure which had con tinued its walk past the stables, crossed the avenue, and just as we looked was entering the front door. The fear the groom exhibited and his statement that it was the ghost reminded me of Enoch Smugman's story: still I was sceptical, and hastened to the house hoping to find that it was some late and uuexpected visitor to my wife. When I entered our well-lighted draw ing- room I found my wife much agitated. Almost immediately on entering she com plained to me that just at dusk she had met on the stairs a woman wrapped in a long dark cloak, with liher hood drawn closely over her face. She appeared to be carrying something, but it was too dark to distinguish what it was, and when she spoke to her she obtained no reply. Supposing her to be one of the maids she made enquiries in the kitchen as to who had been out without leave, but both girls stoutly denied leaving the kitchen since dark, in which assertion they were supported by my man White. My wife was extremely annoyed at what she considered the servants' duplicity. Not wishing to alarm her unnecessarily, I did not tell her what I had seen, hoping that the visits of the ghostly lady would not be frequent. I was doomed to be disappointed. The next evening about the same time I was passing through the corridor into which our bedroom opened, when I saw the same figure that I had seen in the ground coming towards mi. I put out my hand to arrest her, butI was horrified to find that I had grasped nothing. My hand passed right through the figure, which took no notice whatever, butiglided downthe stairs into the hall, and a few minutes later I saw it enter the Beech Avenue. Later in the ev: ing I again Jlooked out of the window and caught : glimpse of a tall, slight figure, and I fanr d that above the whistle of the wind I ,.uld hear the sob of a child. When we retired that night I was unable to sleep, but tossed restlessly about wondering for how long I should be able to hide the fact of these ghostly visits from my wife. She was so highly nervous that I dreaded the consequences of the shock should she suddenly become aware that the house was haunted. At length I fell into an uneasy slumber, from which I was awoke by my wife shaking my " Harry, Harry," she cried, "don't you hear it ? Don't you hear the child 1" "Child, nonsense, my dear, you must have had an unpleasant dream, or perhaps it was a gabble rachet in the old beech trees." " No, Harry, it is not nonsense; I have heard it for the last ten minutes, but would not wake you till i was quite sure." r "A child out in the park in this weather at one o'clock in the morning." "Yes. Oh, there it is again, and my wife clasped my arm convulsively. I sprang to the window and drew aside the blind. What I beheld rooted me to the spot. The moon was shining as clear as day, the smallest object being easily distinguishable, there ; standing at the foot of the steps, was a lady. The long dark cloak in which she had been enveloped had fallen to her feet, dis closing the costume of the seventeenth century, the silver buckles of her shoes gleaming'in the moonlight. Her long, tightly laced bodice was crossed by a handsome lace kerchief, and fastened by a jewelled clasp; while her long fair hair hung in a profusion of curls over her shoulders after the manner of Royalist ladies whose portraits I remember to have seen. As I looked she raised the child high in her arml as if showing it to some one, keeping her eyes steadily fixed on the hall door the while. 1 could see by the movement of her lips that she was speaking, but the wind was too high to permit me to hear what she said. A cold hand fell on mine. The tension on my nerves was so great that I started violently; it was my wife who had followed me. " Let them in, Harry," she cried hysterically. " No, no, my dear, that is impossible," I replied. Something in my tone and manner arrested my wife's attention, and she ap peared to realise that these visitors were from another world, and with a cry of horror she fell insensible at my feet. As the morning dawned the lady raised her cloak, and gathering it round her crossed the avenue in the direction of Fishpond Wood. The next day I spoke to Enoch about these visitors. "Aw bin quite sewer an sartin aw wud cum back. Wahiver doant yo go an open th' door, maister, or wus may happen." The following night we were not dis turbed, nor indeed were we for more than a week, when the same visit was repeated. Occasionally we would see a darkly shrouded figure flitting about the stair case, and once I was awoke by the creak ing of the secret door to see Dorothy Metcalfe standing with a lighted lamp by our bedside, the hood of the long cloak she usually wore thrown back and an eager anxious look on her face. My wife's health suffered so much from these repeated visits that we were com pelled to remove to a neighbouring house that had become vacant, though I own I was loath to do so, as I had taken a great liking to the quaint old place. It was not till some months after we had left Beech Hall that I learned the particulars of Dorothy Metcalfe's history from an old resident of the district. 