A GHOST STORY. By Mary Kyle Dallas. Olio morning Arthur Heywood rccolrad i struno letlor It- was from his mnidei aunt; Miss Maud Heywood 11 Gome nt unco," it tmid. " I nm going t( die, iinri 1 want to leuro jou rniy. property It si'umn riuht to sou von flint.?' :i v Arthur luul ncvornist Ins Aunt Mauri, whe lived by herself in n lmndsoino. countr residence. Sho hud inherited it from her mother, while thu boys— her, brothers— wera obliged to make their own fortunes. Arthur's father lmd boeti the aldcst.'fini! all ho lmd nvcr'snid of Ids sister Maud was that some, thing she line dona, in early- youth hnd inado them nil nygry, unri. tlmt thoy never saw v cneh; other, nuil, for his .part, lio never \- " UcMreiHariu so i > And no w, when Artiiur Jfey wood was quite atone in the world, UiIh aunt hnd written to him. - lieexpeelod to.iind n witch. liko old woman lying in her bed. . Instead, when n strange, wolri, ; binck- Bervunt.wonmn had- opened the door, ho was ushered into a room where a beautiful woman, ., who, in the. light of I he shaded lamps, scarcely looked old at all, sat in n. velvet chair, and held out her, hand to him; . . . You aro.n.lley.wogd, eho said. - .".You resemble' your father, but aro not r Bo stefn.t Selim was stern to cruelty. And your mother is gone, too.' ' ,-WoU, she iuust' have had b html life of it, uuless. he was kinder to. her . than to i his sister. " Tlierc, don't speak. I ehnU'sfty, nothing, but whuVlfeeli " Tbia'CBtdte ought to go to ft lloywood. iYou;Bball.havo it.? ' Ptliink yoti will have to waii a few months; My. heart iB,uflectcd..sI sball'diovery suddenly. At present lam not very Ul, butU will bens V : » .Don't express regret. You enro nothing for me, and the estate is.vnluable,rnnd, above all, .lhato,, hypocrisy, :,i have made my will tn'yoiir favor. Stay .until. thclast." Vith,..,thc80j words . ,8hc clo8cd , Arthur's mouth." Then slio rang the bell and orderud supper,. ami, afterwards disniisscd her thirty, ycarold nephew lb liis room, nt uiue o'clock, as thpughjiodiad beenn school. bay.- ' . . . It'was ii largo rouhi'at tho end of a long pnssiigcVvery linndsomcly furuished, but at the sumo time very gloomy. AGhnr fell curiously uncomfortable as ho paced the long' floor, and :dcspite the cnrly hour, resolved to go to bed at once. A night lamp stood upon ;the raantel.picce ; hc lit it lieforo.he retired. The excuse lie mode to himself was that liis aunt might be taken ill hi -the might';" biitib'o was' conscious of a renewal of his old/childish /terror of the supernatural. '' 1 It is nil this talk of dying and -of will and legacies," he sai(l/;M I shnlUlecp It ofT." And, in fact, he fell aulccp very shortly, And without being disturbed by so much as a dream until midnight, nt which hour, the proper one, ns we. nil know, .fur the ghost- jeer, he wits awakened. wHhn stnrt, to seent Lho foot of bis bed d little ilnrk woman with iicrce, bright eyes, .who wore., a curious sort, of whiter cap on her bend, and a dress of some grey stuff, over which was tied n white apron. Shu seemed to be n nurse or » ser vant of, some, sort, aml.it. was Arthur's itn< prcssibu'that his aunt wAii'ill. " Have you come to call me?" ho asked. The woman cnuio a little uenrcr, " Yes," replied 'n'voico, which made bis blood run cold'; "that woman is dying." l1My"au!ifc?«£ ejaculated Arthur. ".Your aunt," replied the figure. "If some-. jotic doesn't . set to ;work at once she'lldib without being hung. I wast her bung." V'?.' V-- . "JThisJs a lunatic," thought Arthur. Uostartoiltrj'his feet, draping himself inn blanket, ready to do what seemed bestuuder tho.uircunistnnces, but the woman was gone. lio went to tbo door. It was fastened as he badHuft it on retiring. Tho windows wetd bdlte'd down; Thero was no posBibflity of any one entering the room. Searching it thoroughly, lio made, sure thnt no ono was i hiddeti(llierc,(rc8olved that lie hnd had a bad | dream, :nud composed himself to sleep again, i wondering, why , imagination .should play i sue.h frenks an b|ni.( . .. | ldwe'vei, this .dream, if dream it were, i was .repeated Uiroq. times. . Each time the strange,' dark ivoniau expressed her desire to scclMfttid llcywood hung/ and declared thnt if it were, uot dcue it would soon bo too late.- ; Hisnunt was not a-womanto whom to lepcnt such n dremn, even had. she 'been in strong, health. Tberc/was no one else to speak to.., \r. ;; . : . Hut. thc;/cliing,8cemcd;:8o curious that Arthur made a .record of it'ln a sort of diury he was in the'hahit of k'ce|stig, following it by sonic reficciions upondieains. '' A| Must; however, he was awakened not by n gripHt;;but -by h rap on his door. His nunc iwns dying-a oervnnt bad cotno for him. Wlien "lie ( reached her room she was in sensible. She never spoke to him again. He could not mourn her loss, for she was Almost a stranger to him, but he, showed every mark of , respect. pussiblu 'to., her memory. . Tho funeral; was, largely attended, rather from curiosity' thati- any other feeling', for Miss Haywood /hnd entertained no one, and visited no one in'tlic neighborhood ; and in due course ot timu the will was read. It left every thingl'ta'ArthurvJIey wood, only son of her deceased brother, Selim Hoywood, and with' but bite proviso: The garret should remain'nsdb wiu(,Tasteugd by bolt nud' lock and bar— nevur.to be opened on any pretext whatever,"..,'. "I do not choose to say why," wroib the tbsiatpr.1 "Unless my ueiilicw will agree tb tluVV he eanuot iiiiierit.- 1 shall leave R co'Jieil to be rend/ in case thntiho refuses, direling lhc dispusitiou to be mado of the house." iViit'Arthiir Imd uo hesitation in agreeing to this whim of his dead aunt, who, doubt. Ie8?,-hiid- tua»aie"ml to -the .garret some treasures of lier youth which uho did not wish to destroy; - rAuU he took possession of tho estate, «uu soon married and brought hompia .wifd, ' I, ' ; ; Years i brought them a family, nud still thegnrrot remained closud. A garret is n great loss to a housekeeper ; but whenever Mrs.'lluywood. made this roraark, her bus- band wouldreply: that "tho estate would bo a grenterjuue.".; : - i . " Who/Wiil over know?" she would urge. " Who cares ?" t A,coJicil ,wliich I have novcr ueeu re mainsi" Arthur Would reply, " Who knows what nnglithappun ?" .... x A,ud so his I'atinia'did uo more than peep t brought the keyhole of this Bluebeard's chamber J . Tlie 'myaibryf was greater, however, to tho chi(dreti , nud When the eldest hoy was ten years old it had occurred;, to. liiiu that no. thfng'cbulabo bo delightfiil us to peep into that gm retain which uiight be hidduu all Boris of wonderful trcnsujceB, And so one day,' by means ot a ladder snmo fruit-pickers im'cl left near tho house, ho gained thesloping roof, 'and - reached tho . dormer window, rcrclied on the Kill,hoa;peeped iu ; but at tho mninpnt the ladder slipped, lie remained on thcAvindbw ledge,' screaming for help, and UieMfrpit'pickeiB, hcuring him, ran to his assistance. ' "However, though the child had crept up thu sloning roof, the men could not roaclHiim, anu knowing nothing of the tiibou whieb ' forbade tho opening of the garret door, ono of thorn bade the ( hild re imdh 'whero 'ho was until ho cutnu, and rushed up the Rtairuasu, f'dlowed by all the hoUsbliold.; ' Tho door was soon broken in, the window upenud, the eluld rescued. And then the wumuii, whu until now had forgotteu ail but her boy's danger, look breath mid looked about hor. .The garret was a bare place, hung with old garments nud smelling hideously, In one dark corner lay what looked like a bed. Upou it, what / To approach, to gnae, uud to rush wildly from the room was the werk of a moment. It was a skeleton dressed in a grey gown, and with a cap upon its head, still covered with long black hair, that lay thoro. Arthur licy wood was absent from homo at the time. When lie returned he found the 1 wife's atory imidflt her boos of terror and proceeded to the spot. There he stood, \ transfixed with horror aud astonishment, \ The skeleton upou the bed wore the grey \ dress, the white cap, and had the utruight \ black hair of the woman who had appeared \ to him tbricu in a visiou, demanding the I execution ot his aunt, Maud lley wood. ? Whatever this tncnnt, the discovery hnd been a publio one, nml so must thu explnuu tion " be. Arthur sciit' "for "'lhev proper authorities, and also for, the lawyer iu wliose jiosscBsion was a! codicil of: the will which had given Arthur-possesslon of -the estnle. This codicil hnd been enveloped and sealed - by Miss'Mamb'who nloiio knew the coutehis." ItcontHincd lhesb'wordB:;;; "-"This paper wilUonly bo opcucd if the gnrrit ;is .opened ulso. In that case my secret vwill be known to those who areof iny. own age, for: there wnB/tmicli excitement wlien Jane Jnrvellu disappeared." Sliu was wclhknuwntili the- neighboriiood, .and .but foraletteis which. Iv wrote. myself, and ex- iilbiled to qiiiious folk, the iruth might have' beeii'suspccted at the timei "Jane came to - live with mo as house koopcr.wlien I wns but twenty, thirty; years ago. If.wps betrothed. to n man i. adored.. My brother Hupert bated him, lie phiceil Jane Jarvclle in my house as a' spy, Slio' inurcepted letters and worked in mtah u way- tlmt iny engagement wns broken oil and my life embittered, My lover lefti me with scorn, believing a false 'talc, and. married another, ' ;Oucddy I nisco.erccl Janu Jar- vello's trcnchcry. . I went In tcnrch of her, 1 futiiul her in -tho garret. There wo hnd a< scfUC, and there 1 murdered her. I clubbed her to the heart. She lived only longcuough. toshriek : ,> V 'I will Imuut the house uutil you arc hung for this 1' , ' _ , v " She has done it. I have Been her. Hub Islmllnot.be bung. , The. secret is all my . own.; I locked the garret, dismissed my servants iu a body, and gathered uow ones ftbout mo., 1 tojd people that Jane had becu; dismissed for diihoucbty, I did not lio. ; ' My brother, Uupertfcrb9Sque8tlohud mci ami made great Hcarch for Jnuo Jarvclle; the others were never good to ntc. ; Ours wno. -an unkindly race ; butSeHtn, though stern, wns n jugtnmn. To his only sou Ibnvcleft all. Let liim pity 1110. ' : ' 1 ' " V Urivcu bydesperation to an awful crime, bnuuted by the ghost of my victim, never at. rest, never nt pence, pursued for ever; .by., dread of a horrible death on the gallows, and nBSiircd of future punishment, what has my life been? Again 1 say— pity me, aud pray forme," <- 