SHROUDED IN MYSTERY; OR, WHICH GIRL DID HE MARRY? CHAPTER XLVIII. By the author of “Murdered at Mid- day,” “For True Love’s Sake,” “Three Lovely Women,” “Darker than Death,” “An Ocean Secret,” “Recalled to Life,” “Riches to Ruin,” “Who killed John Cameron?” “Sword and Lance,” “Police Minister,” &c.; . (ALL RIOUTS RR3ERVRU.) Just as when she had last followed her somnambulist husband into the dreary region, the dust lay thickly on the floor, and cobwebs festooned the ragged tapestry and bung pendant from the ceiling so that she shuddered as much from appre hension that soma foul spider or other noxious creeping thing would fall upon her as at the prospect that she might be presently attacked wi<h murderous inten tion by the maniac captive whom she bad come there to release. ;. Besides, she bad beard of rats availing, overcoming, and then devouring -solitary; wanderers in such places, and. she could see the black beady eyes of;the fierce many a hole in the wnih|Scotjmg, behind which’ scores of others seemed to be tearing up. and down, and keeping a sort c f witches eabbalh. . _ - But Lady Howarth was. no coward when, once she had nerved t hers'df for any desperate undertaking, and so she went resolutely on until she arrived at the five closed-doors, two on either side of, and One at the end of the corridor. ,THe end one aho resolved to enter first, but it was tight fastened, and there was no key in the lock either. *Ts there anyone in there?’ she de manded after u loud tap at the door. 1 If there is, I am a friend,’ she quickly added. But theta was no answer, nor could she obtain one,though she repeated her knock ing, her question, and her friendly assur ance thrice. ■> She then tried the next door on the right and it.opened at a touch, admitting her to a chamber which sho immediately recognised as the one winch a few days previously she had peered jp to from the ladder top. * Now I shall learn for certain whether the face that ! then gazed on was that of a milliner’s blodk,'’ she thought to hers-If, somewhat fearfully it must he owned, ns though apprehensive of being suddenly sprung upon by someone or some thing from out a corner. A single nervous glance around made her ashamed of her fears, for there, stand ing on a low shelf ■, just behind the work box and workstrown table was the block sure enough, with, as palpably tarixeo a face as it was possible to conceive. The candlelight had destroyed that bugbear at all events, and proved to her, jnorever, that her husband had told her oothiug but the truth, concerning both it and its surroundings - Lady -JHowarth quitted the chamber feeling very much more at her ease; but, On repressing its threshold sho for the first lime observed that there whs a narrow recess between the two opposite doors, and entering it, she the next instant arrived head of a straight long, and almost precipitous staircase ‘Ah,’ she gasped, ‘this must be the Staircase that my hapless predecessor fell headlong down in the dark, when sho had only intended to creep down them in order to listen to her husband's nod the house" keeper’s discourse at the bottom. There must bo two entrances and exits to this •wing of the building, as I must have known bad I only given it a thought.’. Thus meditating, yet wondering why it •was that only one soomod to bo now used, ebeeantiomdy descended the staircase, hue afrits foot wae confronted by a dead wall ei v biire feriplft: t £ t \\*Bhe thonfßeably soliloquised, ‘ ho must -wall pub up after the terrible b«J?p.ened, so'tliat now ’there is on£ om' **'<** and after •all. We11, Harry’s .complete innocv N, k lafc was a perfectly true tale w -**7 / p ‘ < " me. So that ff ho will only that horrible old woman, ho may - ° t-i, induce me to content myself , at c Hall after alb’. Thus meditating, yob making a close, scrutiny of her, surroundings the while, Lady Howarth discovered with a heart throb and a .thrill .that a dark krowii, irregularly shaped patch, os of long dried* up gore, discolored the large square stone at the foot of the staircase, and that 1 similar,stains, though much smaller ones, spotted each step, . , . / , She fpUpwed . them . up, ;glad enough to escape herself from that horrible death trap. V ‘ ” ' •' ( On the )owest stair of .all the '.splash had been as largo as a oheesQ- piftte, - bqt . the n.upibgr ns tltey deo'reosed In size, uniil, when: near the' t top, they had dwindled down to a mere bloody rain with a stray splatter here and there us big os a three-penny, bit. It was a gruesome enough*; sight, the secret witness comforted herself by murmuring half-aloud, ‘Poor creature, thus her blood flowed and dripped an she was borne upwards ia loving arms, and laid upon the bed from which she was destined never again to rise. I don’t believe that Sir Harry’s hair turned white in a single night, for that must have been Ihenight. Well,! have j but to follow up this sorrowful trail to its termination, and the tale will be wholly toldi As yet I have not discovered in my j husband’s version of ita single discrepancy, nor do I believe that I shall.* | Arrived at the top of the stairs once more, Lidy Howarth followed the bloody rain upon the floor until it brought her right up against another door, which she unhesitatingly opened and. entered in at, ignorant that as she did so a fierce and cruel face wa-s positively glaring upon her out of the darkness of (be long corridor, ‘with fingers, tea’dy crooked'in the:rgljoul like eagerness to clutch and rend her. No sooner was'bur heroine fairly inside the room than, on hoiding'her candlestick aloft, she remembered it as the one into which she had followed her husband on that never-to-be-forgotten night when she had tracked him hither in his sleep. Then, however, she had been unable to fix her gaze on anything but the antique, nightmare-carved cabinet and bookcase in •one, whose sharp ledge he had been rub bing at as though hia very existence de pended on his obliterating some tell-tale mark or stain. She now observed that the window, as well as the bed curtains, wore of dark violet velvet, and that the former were, fastened right across the windows, as to exclude all light even in the day time. Loose ragged tapestry hung on the walls, and great, sable, hearse-like plumes surmounted each corner of the bedstead, ' drawing aside whose curtains she saw that the Clothes tlioreon, yollowbrown with age, wore all rumbled as though the' bod had never been made since the last Lady Howarth had died therein. . Obeying some naturnal instinct, her bold successor’s first action was to fake a firm grip of the counterpane, blanket, and sheet, with her disengaged hand, and throw them right hack with nervous energy, bub the next instant a scream almost escaped her as she perceived, with * horror-dilated eyt s, immense dark circular i patches of dried up gore on both the under | sheet and the pillow case. I Deadly terrified as she almost was, she nevertheless resolved that she would learn all that there was to be learnt, and so, examining the patches still closer, she •discovered with a thrill of sickening horror that both pillow, bed and mattress 1 must have been soaked through and | through with the horrible moisture, for j there were even patches of it on the. floor "beneath, I On this discovery she delected the first [discrepancy in her husband’s narrative, who had averred that his poor wife had received all her injuries in the head, whereas that second and larger patch of blood was situated just where the heart of a recumbent person would in all prob ability have come in contact wi-'h the under sheet, if lying on the left side. i 'The supposition gave birth to a whole j troop of the most fearful suspicions, and it was -in the ~6b'talhi' ingan antidote to, instendjof a confirmation of them, that the shuddering Lady Howarth turned her back upon the bed and her set whito face towards the hideously carved cabinet. Holding her candle do e up to it she discovered that the ledge which she had watched her husband rubbiog-with such almost despairing energy waa also covered with purple splashes, which doubtless had been once a ruddy crimson, and that they descended all down the woodwork to the floor, whereon the print of a foot that must have been first soaked in the awful fluid was clearly defined, and dose to it, in like manner, the outspread palm and .Ungers of a hand. Not only this, bub every bold projection of Satyr face and monster's form, which , cunning hand, guided by n surely diseased imagination had carved out of the black | oak of the lower portion of the cabinet,! was dotted with the same unctuous matter,while caught here and there in the j sharper of the carved projections, repre senting a demon’s horn, a Satyr’s long pointed ear, or maybe, a mermaU’s tail were tufts and trrssfes of light flaxen or pise faded golden hair, • with portions of the dried scalp still adhering thereto, | all of them being identical in ap pearance, save ns to length or quin, tiby, with the one which her husband had brought back to bed adhering to his nightshirt after* his first somnambulistic 1 wandering. [ It was a wonder that she herself, notwithstanding her robust and youthful strength, did not drop dead 'there and then, as the certain knowledge rather than the mere conviction come homo to her that the baronet's first wife had not committed s-lfdestruction after her fall I downstairs, bub that she must have been i raoit foully and brutally butchered in stead, and wlien most probably, she was too foebl*’, owing to her first of oll.acoi* dental and then self-inflicted injuries, to oftVr more than the feeblest resistance [ to her remorseless assailant, j Lady Howarth was still full c£ such maddening pondirings, sitting on her | heels the while in front of the cabinet, I and with her candlestick la ! d on the floor [just in front of bor; when she beheld [ something glittering just beneath the massive structure, at o point where its j base wasn’t exactly lave) with the floor. Prompted by the most poignant [ curiosity, she managed, though notwi'hout j considerable difficulty, to get it out, and ! it proved to ho long-bladed spring knife ,&uch; as hunters used to akin a boast that they had slain in (he chase, The handle was of buckthorn, the blade thicker in the centre than at the edges, and terminating in o -point which was broken off* though'only a very small portion. ■ The blade won rusted .deep in with brown spots and' patches, while the haft .clearly revealed what had certuibly been the grasp of bloody fingers. This last discovery eclipsed all others, while it horribly confirmed than), and Lady Howarth rose to her foot with a bewildered and stunned feeling, the next instant to receive a blow on her panting i<#?63t.that sent her reeling against a bed ■ sriwre h dr wrists were'immediately grasp*!'** tightness that oom- Soiled her' °P« n /> er nn(l d, 0 P knife to th> tho vulture* exprossioned anu 4 eyes of Dame Dorothy into her nw* ; J.,,, Lady Howarth had daredand on* durodmuchinher time, but slip known sucha feeling of :slck’.eoing and awful terror.as she ;iow experienced ip that Tar a.l>,V®*’# i from whepe^: Sq sbbmke; I never roach the of the bouse, and .while writhing in, the iron clutch of Dame Dorothy, who, while in flicting upon her excruciating • pain, seemed to be positively gloating over the pink flush that was slowly rising through the cherry blossom whiteness of the soft yielding chest which her great red knuckles had stricken so savagely. Lady Ho wart h did not petition for mercy, for she. knew by the blooddustful, vulture-like expression of the house keeper’s face that none would be granted her, * ‘ Oh, if I could bub wrench my hands free,’ she thought, for she was actually afraid that the beldame would bite her, so wolf-like were her looks. And then why didn’t, she speak? for even cursings and revilings would not have been so unendurable as that fierce dogged silence was, wherein her own terrified panting, and theJiag’s hard ex* cited respirations were the only sounds audible. Suddenly, however, her antagonist jerked her away from the bed post, twisted her arms . round, that is to say from her elbows downwards until' her hands wore brought together behind her back, and then bore her body backwards with the forward pressing weight of her own, until both shoulders pressed the bed, while her feet touched the floor, and holding her down in that painfully con* strained posture, the hog still throwing the whole of her body weight upon the tower portions of her body,, said with. a chuckle— -1 Now you shall pant your life out while I watch you do it. 'Twill take an hour, perhaps, to kill you in this way, but I’d like to stretch it out to ten if 1 could only afford the time. Ah, uh,ah,your heart has got a hard time of it oven now. [ can hear it thumping against your side as though ’twas trying to break, its way out, and you don’t seem to have much breath to spare either. , Yet you look pretty dying this way, my fluttering snow white dove ; yes, you look almost nice enough to eat, purer than curds yet richer than cream. One would positively envy a vampire it they fed on such dainty flosh as yours. Aye, you are the loveliest young creature that 1 ever looked upon, and that’s.partly why I enjoy killing you, for f hate all who arc young and fair, and who cross .my path. Do you hear that? 'who my path ! I ki'lsd the other one; but* itwuiclumsy work, ard uns satisfactory as well, for directly I had robbed her of her beauty I pitied her, and my hate was gone. But I won’t rob you of youis, for if f get tired this way of tickling you I will tickle you to death, and then you will die laughing. They tickle girls to death in the Turkish harems, I’ve read somewhere or other,and you are in a proper position to be tickled. And then, directly you are dead, and I have gloated my fill on you, I shall set fire to the bed, that you are lying on, and# it, aye, perhaps this entire wing of the old hall, shall bo your blazing funeral pyre, for then no one will ever ho able to guess what has become of you, and Sir Harry will think, most probably, that you' have run away with your sister’s husband. He, he, he, your sister’s busbond —with - Halcamua Greenwood—he, ho, be, ho, he.’ The old woman broke into a malevo'ont and fiendish chuckle, but it] brought on a. (it of coughing, aud Ruth felt that this was her time or never to struggle success* , fully for the rnastery. ,^ Dy a sudden effort,' therefore, she wrenched one hand free, and smote the Dame on the face with alt the strength that she could throw into the blow. It caused her to recoil with pain, and her victim seized upon the opportunity to got the other hand free, ami struggle ups wards into a sitting posture. Hardly had she done so. however, when the dame seized her by bo h shoulders and tried to force her backwards. But Lady Howarth swung her arm round and struck her another telling blow, follow ing it up by staggering to her own feet. Had she been able now to got back ! her breath she might also have boon able | to win the victory, but she could only ] stand still and pant, and when the beldame struck out at her in turn, she could only swing herself half round, j and receive the blow on her upheaved shoulder. But the pain rendered the entire arm useless for a moment, and when Dame Dorothy followed up her blow by throw- | ing herself upon her, in order to prevent being hurled backwards upon that loath some bod again she dropped upon one \ kueo. j Then the housekeeper clutched hold of j her splendid hair, while Lady Howarth | clasped her arms around a bedpost, and 1 drew herself close up against it, so that it might protect the moat tender portions of her frame from attack. But her g'im foe twisted her long, black, luxuriant tresses round arid round her Own UrowUjWrinldod, and skinny arm, and ruthlessly strove to drag her away from the bedpo-t, while she chuckled with perf'ctly diabolic- g'oe at evo y writhe, twist and inyan on Her victim’s part. At last human endurance could bear it no longer, and Lady Mowhrth let go of the bedpost and settle backward on the floor, yot clutching at the dame’s ankles the while, in the hope of being able to bring her down also. But the beldame perceived the inten tion, aiid darted quickly backwards, so that Biidy Howarth’s hands, closing on nothing, quickly flow back to protect licr p - intiog chest again, lest it should the next instant be kicked or struck at, or even leapt upon, for she felt that she was far 100 exhausted to be abln to rise to her feet quick enough to avoid the hag’s next assault, Suddenly, however, she heard thn dame shriek wildly out, whi'o a ruddy glow seem'd to fill the room, and twisting her head round she porooiv-id that the old woman’s skirt was in flames and that she was frantically endeavoring to crush them out with her bare hands, Either in slopping backwards to avoid! the. clutch, which she (Ruth) had made at her ankles her satin gown had brushed' against the candlestick which she had placed upon the floor when she bad knelt down thereon in order to examine tho lower portions of the antique cabinet; or her hooped fardingale had tilted itself actually ovpr the flamo. In any ouso tho awful fate that she hud destined for her seemed to bo in a fair'way of overtaking herself. t , But the present wins no time for con jecture or meditation, . and so Lady Howarth, obeying instinct rather than reason, crept,ns quickly as she could under the bpdstead, emerged on tho other sick*, which was also t))« door eido, oruwU’d noiselessly on pll fours out of tho room,. ,thoD rose, to hor feet, staggered, recovered hoc balance, reeled against tho door jambs, thought that she hoard Dame Dorothy rushing round tho bedstead in order to pursue her, forgot, in hor terror that she had loft hey all aflame, clutched wildly At the - door handle, pullc/J the 1 door which shut with a resounding /bang, and turned the key-in thodook with both l, hahds* ate tlje swift as a flash of lightning, the floor seemed to be rising up to strike her, a mist of blood to float before her eyes, and sho dropped in a dead swoon in the middle of the corridor. From the moment of her intended victim’s diving under the bedstead to that of her shutting and locking the door, the •housekeeper had forgotten her very exis tence, so awful were her apprehensions with regard to herself. But the violent bang of the door, and the harsh scroop of the rusty lock occurred at the very instant that the aw.ful conviction forced itself upon her that she could not extinguish the flames; and that, left to battle with them alone sho must immediately fall their victim. ' Mistress, for God’s sake save m* 1’ she shrieked forth, but there was no answer, and glaring wildly round she instantly comprehended all, and knew that she was alone and a prisonn there—yes, there, in that awful chamber wherein she had committed one murder, and very nearly perpetrated a second, and that vengeance of an outraged Providence had at last overtaken her. An instant more and bodily anguish was added to mental torture, for the flames had caught the laco lappets of her stiffly-starched cap, and leaping up them set the cap itself aflame, and her straggU ing iron-grey locks likewise. ‘ Come back, my lady : God’s sake como back: I’m , burning to death!’ she shrieked afresh, us she dashed, round to the door, and hammered against it until her knuckles dripped with blood. Lady Ho worth, though within a couple of yards of her, heard her not, her in sensibility was too deep—she lay ns though s'one dead. Bat knowing nothing of this the dame continued to yell and shriek, and beat and: kick at the door till her face was blistered, and her clothes and hair wore falling to the floor in com- 1 pahy, when, at last, perfectly maddened by her tortures, she rushed wildly to and fro within the chamber, igniting every thing -inflammable that she cams in con tact with and continually coming into violent collision with some bulky article of furniture or other, yet scarce feeling the shock of the concussion, for, the agony of fire permits of no rival. At last, but not before the tapestry on (ho walls, the velvet window and bed cur tains, and even the great, sable, heorse liko plumes that o’ertopped the bedstead were burning fiercely, did she, obeying a sudden impulse, leap into the bed itself, ond with fleshh'ss, sinew-cracking fingers, draw the clothes all over her in the for lorn hope, perhaps, they would extinguish the flames. But she bad leapt between sheets in stead of blankets and consequently she was in a moment the centre of a holocaust of flame. The long drL'd-up heart’s blood of the girl wife.whom sb« had poniarded as she there lay so helpless from her previous fall down the stairs, and after an attempt at self destruction, liquified again with the intense heat, and for a second she seemed to fee) its horrible babbling dampness ; whereupon sho sprung bolt upright Uko a violently galvanised corpse, but only to throw up her arms, utter an awful shriek, and then, with a wild wail like that of a damned soul, to fall down limp as a cbild.’s rag'doll in the centre of a perfect hell of flame, whiohdicked around, rusl^J As for poor Lady Howarth, she was re called to consciousness by a tingling burn ing pain, and no sooner had she opened her 1 eyes than, through a half consumed door, she looked into a room which somehow made her think of the burning fiery furnace into which Shadraok, Meshach and Abednego had once been cast as so graphically described in Scripture. A few red-hot sparks had shot out from a hard knot of wood, and had fallen on her neck, and ’twas these that had recovered her from her swoon and most probably saved her life in addi tion. As though to complete the arousing pro cess two or throe rats next raced across her, squeaking shrilly in their terror, and these prompted her to struggle to her feet, and when she bad done so her weakness I seemed to bo gone, though perhaps it was 1 only forgotten. By now, the flrnies having eaten thoir way through the door, began to career along the corridor, and Lady Howarth j perceived that if she did not fleo be fore them she would assuredly fall thoir victim. So sho hurried on, and they hotly purs sued her, sho keeping the centre of the’ way while they flow, oracking along (he fluttering tapestry on both sides of the corridor, for they hud almost instantly leapt across it. - < There was little or no smoko, but the rush ancj (he roar, of the flames wore as menacing aii they themselves ware fright ful. The pinting fugitive reached the door that opened out into the gallery—the staircase—and s doty. Eag-tly she wrenched at it in order to open it, but to her unspeakable horror it resisted her every effort. Then she suddenly remembered that she bad locked it on the inside after entering in thereat. And yet how could that have been, for if she really had how oould Dame Dorothy have followed her ? she .vaguely wondered, { ,But in any case it was looked now, and if the key had fallen out of her pocket during her struggle with the housekeeper her life was not worth a minute and a half’s purchase. Knowing this she yet hesitate I to fool for the key, so much did she dread the discovery that it was gone. The advancing flames quickly drove her to the search, however, and diving a hand into Imr poclfut she almost shrieked witlijoyus her fingers olos-d around the , k' y. Drawing it forth she thrust it in tho look. But when she attempted to turn it sho felt deadly eiok and faint on discovering thnit it rodsfcod her efforts. She took breath, however, and tried again, and this times sho was happily more successful. The key went round, tho look shot back, and a moment Utor she had lugged open (ho door, darted through It, and shat it in tho face of tho pursuing flames, As she did so the riotous ohorus of a drinking song came up to hor from below, bud while it caused her lips to ourl with acorn‘it certainly helped to restore to hor a corlftin .degree of coolness and presence of mind. Under thoir Influmico hor flret ao'im was to,tear down the tapestry hangings for-several yards on either aide of the black north wing door, so that tho 11 a uvea should find uotning of a highly inflam*; imvblo nature to feed on when they had burnt through ifc. , This much, ftcoomplishra her. next I was of poor crazed Lucy, whom t she tyjsolyed that sho would rosaue aisdf 1 preserve at hazards. . ' . - 1 she reflected, t thorp wqq hq ono but her who required saving, for everyone else in the hall would still be dressed and downstairs, and, no matter how intoxicated, would be easily able to get out of the house in some way or other.’ As for Damo Dorothy, she realised by now what must have become of her, but she felt that she was in uo wise to blame for her moat terrible feel sorry for her was as OHAPTERhLf m m Lady Howarth found. betlVoora 1, door locked, but as the that mattered very little, minute she was standing by her bedsTdo and whispering in her ear in order to awake her without any shock. Lacy’s first exclamation on awakening was, ‘ Oh, beautiful £tep»mama, you have then come to me ns you promis'd,’ but Lady Howarth inade answer, * I’vo come to you, Lucy, to ask you to g* t up and take a walk with me, and to do so at once.’ ‘ To take a walk in the middle of the night T , ‘No, d.eur, very early in the morning,in order to s?o the sun rise. Behold how red his rays are already.’ The fact was the light from the gration from tho north wing nt that instant filled the chamber with a rosy glow, revealing everything that was there in distinctly, and by it Lucy at once per-* ceived, in past, the condition that her step-mother was in. ‘ Oh,’, she cried ecstatically, 'you have a‘ill your pretty dress on, or rather nearly off, and you look more lovely than over.’ ‘The red sun is a flatterer then, dear,’ sighed Ruth, and she .went hurriedly to Lucy’s .cupboard, opened it, and taking out a loose cloak hastily threw it over her shoulders and fastened it ndown tho front. Then turning again towards tho girl, who by this time was out of bed, she said, ‘Dress quickly, dear, and never mh'd how you put on your things, for no ono will see us, and I want to give you a treat.’ The crazed girl obeyed her instinctively, but her putting on her clothes did not keep pace with Lady Howarlh’s im patience, so she thrust her bare arms out of tho armholes in the sides of tho cloak and actively assisted her. The eager haste almost terrified and wholly puzzled Lucy, who, however.readily yielded to it. Putting on her hat and outdoor jacket last of all, she took her by tho hand and led her out of the bod room into the gal lery. ‘ What is that odd sound, and this strange smell. My eyes smart, and there seems to be something happened to that door,' exclaimed Lucy, pointing to the oue of tho north wing. Lady Howarth glanced towards it, and perceived that tho paint was blistering into bubbles, which were busting with a succession of ‘ pops.’ A little curl of flame was also shooting through the keyhole, like an adder’s tongue, and pulls of white smoke wore issuing from underneath.’ ‘ It’s nothing, dear,’ said Ruth, who had a vague kind of notion that it was dangerous for Lucy to bo, ngitutud or excited, and so gently tightening her hold her Jiand she'got her. dowa ‘-•stairs-srid rmto-the jjreiT hall. Hero Parson .Bello? came staggering out of tho dining-room, with his wig all awry, and sucking vigorously away at the stem of u tobacco pipe whose bowi was gone. * Bad example—demned bod example, i thia hard dr-drinking, and profane ' swearing—dem it, [ can’t countenance it any longer, a disgrace to my cloth,’ ho was stammering as he lurched about. Then suddenly perceiving Ruth and Lucy, ho straightened himself up with a great effort, aud exclaimed with the gravity of an owl, ' Going to take walk to get appetite for breakfast, ladies? Good thing breakfast —in its way—and when not takon too close upon supper.’ 1 Oh, sir,’ whispered Lady Howarth in his ear, ‘Tho hall is on firo—warn them all. I dare not leave Lucy. Give the alarm instantly, you—Tho hall is on fire, X say.’ ‘ Jhuat so, my lady, very good. Felt chilly shuppose. Cheerful thing, good fire, when out walking specially—jus’ so— yes,’ blandly replied the parson. Then ho sat down on tho floor, rested his head against a column, took off his cauliflower wig, kid it inverted on his lapi and seemed to he preparing himself for tho worst. At this moment a tremendous chorus came from tho dining room, and at tho same moment o footman issued forth therefrom, carrying ft great hampr fall of empty bottles. ' William,' said Lady Howarth, re cognising him, and glad lo perceive that ho at all events was sober, ‘ Tho hall is in flames. In a very few seconds now tho cmfkgratlon must roach tho gallery, Warn thorn all instant!/ of their danger, and 101 l S’.r Harry that I and Miss Lucy aro safe a* tho lodge. Be sure and say that. And having said it her self shn drew Lucy on again, for neither did sho desire to face Sir Harry while all her recent terrible memories were so fresh upon her, nor did she wish.his daughter lo look upon him iii the degraded condition that ho would l)o surn to bo in. Lucy made no resistance, and her step mother opening tho front door they were soon hurrying through the grounds, Ruth using every endeavor to keep Lucy’s goze fixed in front of thorn, ko that she should not bo. terrified by the now awful aspect of tho conflagration. If aho could only got hor unresistingly along as fax as tho lodge at tho Ob'g;» Hall kno entrance to tho estate,, aho would loavo hor I boro sho thought, and return to tho house to learn how matters wore going on. Meanwhile tho .girl had drawn Ruth's bare arm out of thounnholoof thosleovekss oloak, and with' hor chock laid lovingly against it, and hor hand thrust up within tho orifice and resting on tho soft smooth ahouldor, she walked tranquilly on ns though hor contact with tho beautiful limb cxcrokod a soothing spell over bo-, Suddenly, however, , hor fingers felt something that caused her to thrill. Sho onruo to n full stop, lured Ruth's arm entirely, beheld, by tho red light which the 'Conflagration throw even to that distance, tho strange brand or burn that was thereon, and iiWantly shrieked out 1 You are a wohr wolf and havo brought mo hero to devour mo I Dame Dorothy told mo the truth about you,’ and wrenching hor hand out of her preserver’s she ran away, shrieking us aho wont. Ruth of course instantly darted after hor, not knowing what terrible thing might happen to the poor girl if she got away from her. i But she had not, taken, half-a<dozon steps .'Wheni a couple of bands wore laid on her round qtuil pho faced a tqll qjan ju a qooked hat and ft long cloak, who wore a black half-mask upon his face, and exclaimed merrily, ‘ Where are you going my pretty maid? Along with your husband I’m afraid? ’Pon my honor this is kind of you, coming to me instead of obliging me to come to you. And did you set firo to the old ghost roost ? and will you be glad to return to the comforts and joys of civilisa* Hijon ? Ecod, the flames are as bright 'fto/'a Marland banner on Rushb?aring Sunday, and will light ua far on our way/ ( jPfliin on hia removing his mask and his face Ruth discovered that m y was once again in the power of "Ualcamus Greenwood. (to be continued.) 