I BREVITIES. \- - i I Bis Excellency the Lieatenant-Governot I fSir P. Derley) will attend the Lycenm I The itre tbi6 evening to witness the last I geriornxance of ' In Town.' I I Interest in tlie late eleetione lias died I dut so completely that last night the I *f £ig ' in ' In Towa ' about ?? Parkes being I sbut out' did not raise a ghost of a smile*. I yn the other hant?, the aliusioa to 'losing I the scent at the half ^eucy bridge und ptcir. I iijg it up again ac tha abattoir ' was much I appreciated. I ; The band cf the New Sonth Wales Ar- I iillery Regiment, under the direction of I Pincimaster W. Hutchinson, will,' weather I permitting, perform tha. following jjf3. I gramme in Hy -e Park this afternoon, at I 3 O'clock: (1) Overture, 'I Puritani' (Be!- I lini); (2) valse, ' Un Bal a la Ccur' I ( t'ahrbaqh) ; (3) selection, 'Lx Fiile .le I iladame Aagot' (Lecooq); {4) bolero, 'Io I Son la Rosa' (Muriaui); (5) ' Kerr,i- I niicences of Y\rjj3es' (:-.rni»^*Jd Godfre_. ); I (Ojmarcji. 'Sydney' (EutcuinEou) ; ?? -Cc-i I Siva the Quetn.' ? I Mr. Wallace, chess champion, played tea I games shnultaneously in the Town lid), I V^sizga., last tight. He -won nine and lost I one. I A movement is oa foot to teuder 3\Ir. I Wallace a cheEB club dinner, or a, toaiplu I m-?ntary trip down vhu herbor, oa liis I return to Sydney. I .Jhe Pastoral Finance Association. Li- I bjjted, announce tlie receipt of their iirst 1 advice of new season's clip, comprising 1 16 1 baies o£ the JHD eonjoiucd ov-ir TJluaab:, I Ifrom Mr. J. H. Doyits's Ulumbi Staiion, j near Walgets. j '. F'; - I :' . Surprise was caused at Peat Hill oa j ijmrsday when it became known that the j Union Bank of Australia purposed closing j ItMs branch on the 31st instant. Hopes I ire entertained that eome branch of j another bank will be established. Last I year the Union Bank iun'iJed 12,000oz ol j gpjd, the product of this Held. I Xs £700 more in rates have been, col- ] ?lected at Newcastle this year coniparel I fwiiji 189 r, and as the coaneil has a credit j !ba$nce of ^460 instead of the overdraft ot' I MJ3154 of last year, it hss been decided to I jpcjstpoae for three jKcnfbs the considers- j tvbi^of the scheme of retrenchment. I I .'.Andrew Love, of the firm of Lew, I (M'Cormicfc, and Dwyer, contractors ior j ,'tlfie' construction of tfce Bethung-ra dam \n I connection wiiti the Jun.ee water supply, I ,'^m, at Cootamuodra Polica Courc m I :THtirsday, committed for trial on a chary « j 'of appropriating .£150, the property of oiii; j ?off bis co-partners, which sum the accused j 'ifeLalleged to have said that he sqnanderod i in 'backing horses. | i -The Picton Hnd board sat on 'Wc3aa ? day and dealt with forty-two cases. ; The Japanese at Thursday Island have '?? held several meetings during the week I with the view of protesting against the inflow of their countrymen, which they ex- | pect will result irom Mr. T. Satol's visa j to. Japan. The majority consider that the inflow of Japs would result in a reduction ] of.: -wages to those now there, and would 1 also create greater antagonism amoDgst | Europeans against them. Feeling is run- j ning very high on the question. i The illuminating apparatus for the lighthouse at Sen. Hill, EockhamptoD, arrived by the Merkara, and is expected to be in position at tha middle of next week. John Tom, oue of the firat discoverers of j gold' in the oolony, «xps.red suddenly at I Ophir, near Orange, oa Thursday, after breakfast, aged 75. Ha was picking up a piece of wood, when he fell down, dying instantly. He had dwelt in this district for most of bis life. The directors of the Broken Hill South Company on Thuvsday voted .£500 to jyards the fund for the relief of the suf ierers by the recent fatality in the South mine. The eight victims leave widows ^rjtfh twenty-five children. ./; :Tiie Anstralaeiau Federation League of :5oiith Australia was inaugurated by a ..public meeting in the Town Hall, Ads Lai de, on Thursday. It was resolved — .'?^Thax in order to promote the present and Jjiture prospects of the Australasian coio 4iies federation oa the broad basis oE .justice and honor is imperative ; that ih& |jjcne.is ripe for such, federation, and that 'jse pledge ourselves to do all in our power ^..secure it.' 61 Ijhe silver, lead, and tin ores exported ^tbik the West Coast, Tasmania, during 1 ,5^1y were valued at .£22,274. ??-';Th.e TaEmanian consolidated revenue for July amounted to JJ52.944. For the pre ijinug July it was i249,4(J5. About 1000 acres j)f grass at Boolooroo fattening paddock in the Moree district jwere bnrot on Wednesday in consequence , ^fjnen camping on the road having left a 'jfii'e burning. :' : 'A number of rabbit-poisoning machines have arrived at 'Wontworth from Junee, Jbeing the first of the kind introduced into ^be district. The machine is known as ?Pearson's patent, which distributes pol 1 lard in a trench. At the half-yearly meeting of the Wollongong Gaslight Company a dividend at the rate of 7£ per cent, per annum vras declared. -2 31he Newcastle Borough Council has de oided to accept the offer of the Railway rGo'miiiissioners to dispose of a piece of land lit Honeysuckle Point for the erection of a faeat' building for the electric lighting iJ-sijt the half-yearly meeting of the New aC&stle; Gas Company a dividend was de ;clared of 10 per cent, per annum, also a ^jgaus of 1% per cent, for the half-year. °' ^r. Gerritsbn, who arrived in Adelaide Jjy^the French mail steamer Australien ^from Marseilles on Thursday, and who ^annually visits the colonies in connection with the dairy export business, says the prospects for Australian produce thi-s season are good, as the late summer in Efufope has been dry. -^ The balance-sheet and report of the *J)Sailiquin and Moama Railway Company, 3#Meh are to Lhe presented to the shaTe 'Jhbriaers on the 6th instant, show a credit -Balance on July 1 of nearly £15,000. \- -tei ? ? . The Morea p°Uce state that over -00 travellers loofcingfor work passed through Moree within the last few days. The bore at Moree struck a fresh supply of water on Wednesday, and the flow is iSo^t 500,000gal per day. The bore is ^n 2475ft. - .- axSp t3ie ta!f -yearly meeting of the Goul ^Jirn Gas Company a dividend ©Ms 6d per .^here was declared. !iai^tennis niatch was played at Wagga 3«n Thursday between Wagga and Alburj. iWagga won easily. wwTo-morrow, Special Cheap Sale Day for rjtfen'a and Boys' Clothing at 'Wilson's, m ! ?Devonshire-street— 0. afaifattersaU's Exhibition fl., August 1C, ^}00 at 6. Care 0. Adams* Brlsbtofc— ©. 