BRITISH AHD FOREIGN. A maiden lady, named Sicker has just died at Windsor, aged 104. She was iu Paris when the battle of Waterloo was fought. Sir William Harcourt has definitely de cided not lo tax cycles in the m xt Budget. 5Qic ccntral transept of the Crystal Palace has been devoted to an exhibition of cycles, more than JG00 being on view. One novelty was an indoor training cycle worked for home exercise, thus generating clectric power, | which can be accumulated. Au hour's tnov | ing of the feet would light an eight caudle 1 electric light for two hours. The African exhibition at the Crystal Palace next summer is to be on a large scale, The new sports arena (18 acres) will be used for. tbe outdoor displays. About 60 natives will be imported from Africa, together with 140 wild animals, including elephants, drome daries, lions, leopards, aebras, and snakes. A number of kraals will be built, and the mode of life of the natives, as well as the manner in which they procure their animals, will be practically demonstrated. . Some interesting relics have been taken from a Saxon cemetery at Ilighdown-htU, Sussex. Upon a skeleton there were 151 beads of clay and glass suspended on a string from the neck to the waist. The foundations of a spacious Roman villa have been unearthed at Darcnth, Kent. The outer walls were 2ft io thickncse. There were an audience-hall, baths, hot-air passages, and what appears to have been tbe chapel, in wbich the household gong were set up. r Residents In 'the-aebunty r*-f 'London liaVc been warned ^by - the police ihat -ever, - occuplT of a house or other tenement is responsible for keeping the -pavements and , .watercourses adjobung their premises swept and cleaned, under a penalty of 40s,* The Owner is responsible for unoccupied premises. ... ?There has been a 'ghost' scare at Golal mlng. ' An apparition, presumably a prac tical joker, with a luminous face and white clothes, jumped ont bf the bushes at dark spots, uttering unearthly jells. 'Several people have thus' received serious shocks,' rendering them -hysterical, ^ A comic singrr -^a!s hissed at a London music-ball while singing a song ' with' the refrain 44 Comc where the booze is cheaper.' He remonstrated with tbe audicnce, and for this his engagement was terminated, his agreement prohibiting him from speaking von the stage. He brought an action for loss of employment, and was aWarJcd £00, his wages being £20 a week. A tenant who damaged the drawing-room of a bouse be had occupied in London by using it for roller skating was 'sited by the owner of property, and had to pay £85 1 damages. 1 \- A London magistrate hold tbat sanitary fittings could not be held liable to produce 1 a nuisance bccausc they were not up to - date. ' The earnings of a London flower girl, according to tho evidence in the witness-box of onc of their number, average from 7a to ' 10s a day, and 15sonafinc Saturday. Two grocers were fined £6 and costs at i Northampton for keeping places where an j 'alleged illegal lottery -vas conducted. The j defendants sold a brand of tea, the buyers j ot wbich received tickets entitling them to ] participate in periodical drawings for a prixe i of £5, which took placc in the Bhop where the tea was sold. A London tradesman was summoned for selling flannelette made only of cotton, when the reat article was supposed to consist of a mixture, one portion of which was wool. The case was adjourned, and it may eventually bo-decided in a superior court.' A domestic complained to a London magis trate that sho had been instantly dismissed by the mistress without a character. The magistrate said that he could not compel a in is tress to give a domestic a character, but she was responsible if she gave what was untrue. A man, who murdered bis wife and son at Cheltenham, has been reprieved, the jury having recommended him to mercy because he was -( a low type of man,' and besotted I with drink. | The 300th anniversary of the birth of Gustavus Adolphus, a great Swedish king aod defender of the Protestant religion, has been celebrated in Germany and Sweden. A dog belonging to an American couple, hav- ing died in Paris, it was accorded a regular funeral. The dog's body waB placed In two coffins, one of oak, Uic other leaden, wbich was convoyed to the cemetery in a hearse I covered with flowers, the Americans and I their friends following in mourning carriages. | The journey between Bristol and London will, it is said, be shortened by 85 minutes if the scheme for the construction of a new line, in opposition to the Great Western Railway, becomes an actual matter of fact. The doctore of America are well off for organs and publicity. There are no less than 221 medical journals in the United Slates, and aB the doctors number about 100,000 there is a journal for every 450 medical Frost bells arc tolled in some districts of France when frost is threatened. Imme diately tbe inhabitants place quantitiis of tar between the rows of vines. The tar ia lighted, aud volumes of dense smoke arise, thus protecting the vines. While excavating some tombs in Cyprus, dating back 600 B.C., female trinkets' were discovered, some of tbu gold ornaments biiug of splendid workmanship. Several specimens of the 01 1 Testament nezem, or nose-ring, were discovered. An infant child hai a narrow escape of bsing carried away by an eagle in Ponn s. lvanla. ? The biid fixed its talons in the I child's clothing, and the garments tore, letting the child drop on the ground, a dis tance of a few feet, escaping injury. The unrolling of an Egyptain* mummy, supposed to be that of a princess, disclosed a carious chcat. The priests who did the embalming probably spoiled or mislaid the boly entrusted to them, and for it substi tuted that of an ordinary negro man. It was supposed that, if not horses, at least t mules might be used for the transport of field i guns iu connection with the French opera- I tions in -Madagascar. But it has been found j I that neither horses nor mules can live in the 1 island, because a small insect, locally called , 'carapctcs,' will lodge between the animal's skin and flesh and torture them to a state of exhaustion. Neither turpentine nor carbolic acid will avail agalost it, nor any other sub- I stance, unless perhaps the juice of a tropical j plant called ' Pourpicr Marron,' wbich however, involves a lengthy treatment, im- : practicable duriog a campaign. In fact the 1 only animals available would be ccbus (Indian ox), which could be trained in a month, or elephants. ' An Italian editor has been investigating the principal games in fashion in Europe during the dull November weather. He finds the present crate in England is clay modelling, tbe selected victims— generally misunder stood — being Mr Gladstone and ' Sir Har* court.' In Belgium — especially in the ' Rockcrsclu^s ' — slow smoking raccs are in fashion. Thesj lending themselves favor* ably to bets. Big Flemish pipes arc loaded , with half an ounce of tobacco, and he is tbe winner wbo can smoke his own through in . the longest time without relighting. Pre- J sent rccord, 67 minutes to onc pipe. Leap ing beans are the amusement of Italy and | Southern France. The inventor has bad j whole fields of them sown in Mexico, and , the larvse carefully preserved. The beau. , leaps best on hot plates, but the Southerners | paint them as kings and queens, and use a little gunpowder. Then the figures go into { convulsions, and the game is called : ' L'Anarchic.' Germany, of course, is , occupied with the war-game, and France : has selected ' dcvincttc6,' or guesses at the future. Not uncharacteristic. | ? I 