SCHEME OF STUDIES. ITS PRINCIPLE; Br M.A. Studies must have beeu more or loss systematic as far back iu time as when that lazy Egyptian prince was told that there was no royal road to learning. But through all tho years that have rolled between, there has never been a curricu lum, whether of dames' sohools or of uni versities, whioh was framed on any principles other than those of simplicity nnd usefulness. The loss to education especially, not to apeak of learning generally, through the want of a com prehensive and complotc system of Btudies, cannot be told. The first part of Bacon's " Instauratio Magna " was to hare con tained "a summary or clussifioation of nil knowledge." It was never written. If Bacon attempted it, ho found the task impossible; for whilst human knowledge is iiniteno mortal can possibly know its actual amount, nor can anyone know it in any way so that he can classify or arrange it. Prom a similar cause Comte also signally failed of great usefulness in his scheme intended to show " the contents and order of knowledge." lie was embarrassed by his having pre viously set out what he called " the limits of knowledge," meaning the limits of the capacity of the human mind to know. But that is wholly another thing. "We know that there is a limit to tho human mind to know, if we cannot exactly define it ; and its contents must he finite, though their number we can not ascertain even if we cun classify them. But the subjects of study may be in finite and yet be capable of being classified. It cannot be disputed that teachers and students first take up those subjects which are deemed easiest to bo learned ; nnd that of these they take first those which appear' to be most useful in daily life. But there should be a well, arranged map of studies, all in full view of the toacher and the student. This should be the cose that both may know just where they nre at any stage of their progress ; and that it may_ tho better be seen how and why ltudies follow each other, or march aide by side. Herefrom also might all the better he understood the relative degrees of difficulties in studies, and how the one ptudy may be made to assist another. The following is only a humble attempt to contribute a mite to so great a work. It is quite eertaiu that there aro more wayB than one of classifying all possible aubjeots of study; and probably the delay which has taken place in not attempting this work is due in part to the fact that one sound principle, equally satisfactory to all, could not be found. Of courso anv principle adopted must be able to bear the strain of any enlargement of existing fields of investigation ; und also of any ynultiplication of thorn. But no matter how enlarged nor how multiplied, they muy be placed under a very fow generic heads determined by radical and easily recognised differences. As a first cate gory take the entire universe external to the mind, and the mind itself also as a subject of investigation. No matter how that world, nor how that mine1, originated ; their cause may he con sidered as external to themselves, and therefore it also is ono of these external subjects of investigation. These three may he sot down as nature, man, and God. It will ho all the same, so far as a classification of studies is concerned, what system of metaphysics we prefer iu determining the inter-relations of these three. Study in this groat field, never to he wholly explored, may he termed primary; and we are now ready to formulate a first proposition, as follows : SoJIE STUDIES AltK IMMEDUTKJ.V MKKCTHD TO SUBJECTS EXTERNA!, TO THE INVESTIGAT ING 3IIND, YET INCLUDING THE MINI) AS A SUB.! EOT OF INVESTIGATION ; AND MAY 1)E CALLED MUMAnY STUDIES. "We have next to consider an essen tially different field of study. It is not infinite ; it cannot be ; but we do not know its hounds in somo directions, and its contents are most baffling to all attempts at satisfactory classification. We indicate that "field by re marking that the appreciable results of all primary studies are ideas. This second Hold of study, therefore, is that which embraces these ideas as con tents of the mind. It is not at all necessary here to mark off these ideas into olasses, as of essonces, attributes, and species. They are the raw material upon which the mind proceeds to work. It invents symbols for them, classifies them, and with them produces whole categories of other ideas by reasoning, and in other ways. It requires no description or argu ment to show or to prove the difference between this field of Btudies and that whioh lias been called primary. It would not be wholly wrong to speak of one as objective and the other as subjeotivo. But it would be faulty ; beonnse the two wordo objective and subjective might suggest tbat the two arc mutually in dependent and equally' original. Tbey are not. The external world would exist if there were no mind to investigate it ; but the contents of the mind acquired by perception are frotn the external world, and could not arise- without it. If any of our ideas como froin self-conscious ness, if any come from reasoning, if iiuy come by contemplation, or from inspira tion, yet all areidcus; and all are subjects of study ; and so far they are quite distinct from external nature und easily distiii- guishnblofrom it. If tho sphere of ourideas could bo indefinitely enlarged, this generic classification would still orabraeo it. We may, therefore, now propound a second proposition thus : Some studies ahi: imme diately directed to tub contents of the mind ; that. is, to its ideas ; and since the 01uginal of these are drawn from the external world, and could not arise without it, they may 1ib called secondary studies. But when we approach either of thess great fields of study we find ourselves in want of tools or maohinory to work with. "We can no more study the contents of the universe or of tho mind without certain instrumental aids than we can till a field, or delve in u mine, or manufacture any commodity, without instruments and machinery. Whntover it may bo that we require it must be in the nature of un. auxiliary. And since we already have marked off all that is witboukthe mind, yet including the mind itself ; and all tho contents of the mind ; whatever remains .must be something abstract as well. ; us . auxiliary.- ' What is it? Im- mediately on turning, our attention toi tho uuiyorte external ,to ourselves we encounter three ghosts.' They aro called causality, spucc, and time. It is impossible to Bay how muoli troublo these ghosts have given to scientists, motaphysiciuus, and philosophers. . There is no need to try to lay them ; tbey nre or may be nuulo vory useful. Causality suggests change. Similarly, space suggests extension. Time suggests succession. We do not at present know.if the external world could he pre sented to us under any other con ditions. But to appreciate thete, and to certify their significance, we require cer- tniu abstraat and auxiliary machinery. Wo want certain rules, ulwniys _ the sume, and, therefore, always reliable, by which "we can gauge change; measure extension, and number succes sion. But these symbols must themselves bo quite distinct from all causal, spuco, aud time relations to be abstract ; and must be equally applicable to all their proper subjects to be auxiliary. Two und two must make four, whether used to Bigoify so many degrees of force, so many inches of extension, or so many repetitions of events. AVo now aro prepared to formu late a third proposition, thus : Some studies are immediately directed to subjects abstract in themselves, hut necessary as aids of i'rimally and secondary investigations. It seems im possible to imugino that tlioro can be another separate fiold of study outside of theso three, and therefore the generic outline of all possible studies muy bo pre sented in this tabular form : Studies. I Primary. Soeondory. Auxiliary. 