Not In The Programme, Playgoers have often been amused by in terpolations by members of tho audieaoe, called forth by exoitlng momenta in a drama, or by something whioh appealed unintan tionally to their sense of humour, A woll known and deservedly popular aotor was re presenting one night a man in the very depths ot despair. He waa applying lor work at the doctia as a last hope, and, al though he had "made up" thin and pinohud-looking and liia olothea were shabby, he had forgotten to take off a hajadaomo diamond ring. So, when he oame to the moment at whioh he asks in hoareo aeaonts : "And if I fail, what shall I do?" a voioe from the gallery (suggested oheerlly, "Pawn your ring, Ohawlie !' When Lady Cariyon, in " East Lynne," was once dying to slow musio in a provincial chreatre, there was a disturbance in the gal ery. The aotreBB bore it a» long as she oould, then, jumping nimbly off the bed, sho strode down to the footlights, and announoed that if the noioe did not stop sho would have the disturbers ejeoted. Then she resumed her horizontal position ou the bed, and peaoefully gave up the ghost. A popular but oatnleus aotrees waa onoe playing the part of Quean Anne, I and in it she waa made to exolaim, " Oh, when shall I have reBt ?" To whioh a ruth, leas grooer in the pit replied, in tones load onoagh to be heard all ovor the house, " Not till you pay me my one pound one and ten* penoe, ma'am !'' A woll-knoivn aolor onoe eujoyed a vory similar experience, Ho was playing in " Pizarro," and, taking a bag of property money from his pooket, he offered it to a sentinel, with tho words, " Here is gold; it will be wealth for thee aud thine be yond tho seas." Whereupon his landlady, to whom he owed a month's money, called out, ",It would bo all the daoenter if you gave it to mo for your board and lodgin'," In a popular London theatre some years ago, it fell to the lot of a oharming young aotress to be ohaaed round the Btage by a uharaoter made up as a sort of man-monkey, whose attentions sho had more or less politely deoiinod. At last her unweleome suitor seemB to have her at an advantage, and she a alls out frantioally, '' Great heaven I What shall f do t" To whioh a voice from abova promptly replied," Pitob Mm » nw*, »la»y I" 