KATHERINE'S VENGEANCE [BY THE AUTHOR OF " PAULINA LISLE."] PART II. CHAPTER XVIII.—(Continued.) Redmond O'Donnell sat and looked at her almost as pitilessly as he had looked at Miss Herncastle two hours before. In his stern justice Redmond O'Donnell could be very hard to himself as well as others. " I am answered," he said—" you have known Gaston Dantree. He was a Louisianian—you knew him in New Orleans. He disappeared here ; at Castleford the last trace of him is to be found. Was it to discover that trace you came and brought me here ? Look up, Rose,'' he said, sternly, ''and answer me.'' She feared as well as loved him. Habitually he was very gentle with her, with all women ; but let that stubborn sense of right and wrong of his be roused, and he became as iron. Her hands dropped at his stern command, her poor, pale face, all drawn and white with terror and trouble, looked piteously up at its judge. ''Tell me the truth,'' he ordered, his lips set ''It is too late for further prevarication. You knew this man ?'' '' I knew him !'' ''In New Orleans, before he came here to court, and desert, like the craven-hearted dastard he was, Catherine Dangerfield ?'' ''Yes.'' His lips set themselves harder under his long moustache, his blue eyes looked stern as steel. ''I said I asked for no one's secrets, not even yours. I do, Rose. What was he to you ?'' She drew away from him once again, hiding her shrinking face in her hands. A dry, tortured sob was her only answer. But her judge and arrainger never relented. ''Was he a lover of yours ?'' She made a mute gesture of assent. ''A fake one, of course ?'' ''Heaven help me — yes.'' A pause, then ------ '''Rose, did M. de Lansac know?'' ''He suspected. He never knew.'' ''Did he favour Dantree ?'' ''No; he forbade him the house.'' ''And you — you, Rose O'Donnell, stooped to meet him in secret — to make and keep assignations. You did this?'' Again that sobbing sound, again that shrinking away of face and figure. It was reply enough. If Lady Cecil Clive had seen the face of the Redmond O'Donnell who sat in judgment there upon the sister he loved, she would have been puzzled indeed to find much similarity between it and the face of the other Redmond O'Donnell, among the Ferma- nagh hills. He loved his only sister very dearly ; he had held her a ''little lower than the angels,'' and he found her to-day with a secret of deceit and wrong-doing in her life— found her false and subtle, like the rest of her sex. Was there no truth in woman — no honour in man — left on the earth ? He sat dead silent. It was bitter to him, well-nigh as the bitterness of death. His silence frightened her, cut her, as no stinging reproach could have done. One again she lifted her face, all white and piteous, to his. ''Redmond!'' she cried, with a great gush, ''why are you so hard, so bitter ? Why do you jndge me so harshly ? I was very young ; I did not know what distrust meant, and I — I — loved him with all my heart. He said he loved me, and I — oh, Redmond ! it is nine years ago — believed him. I was warned ; others — older and wiser, read him aright— told me it was the prospec- tive heiress of M. de Lansac's millions he loved — not Rose O'Donnell. But I loved and trusted, and could not believe. I met him in spite of my grand- father's commands, I received his letters — to my shame I own it. Then our grandfather married — then Clarence was born, and I — learned the truth at last. It was all as they said — he was false, base, mercenary to the core ; Clarence was the heir, not I, and he left me. Left me without a word, and came here to England. Still, without a word he returned me my letters and picture. Then, the next thing I heard of him, I saw the mournful story of Katherine Dangerfield in the English papers my grandfather received. From that time I have heard nothing — nothing. I should have told you, perhaps, but — it is not so easy a story to tell — the story of one's own folly and humiliation.'' The soft sad voice ceased ; The pale drooping face turned far away from him in the silvery dusk. But in his face there was little relenting, in his voice little softness, when he spoke. ''The folly of the past I could forgive. The folly of the present, no. That you took a girl's fancy for a man's handsome face, and were the dupe of his false words, might be overlooked — it is very natural in a girl of sixteen. That a woman of five and-twenty should still cling to the memory of so despicable a wretch, still pursue him, and drag me, in my ignorance of your secret, into that pursuit — that I cannot forgive.'' He arose, as he spoke, angry, exceedingly wounded, grieved inexpressibly. She seized his hand in a sort of desperation, and clung to it. ''Redmond, you — you don't understand. It is not that. I don't care for him. It is all I can do to pray to be kept from hating his memory, whether hebe alive or dead. It is that — that I--- '' Her courage failed as she looked up into that iron face. ''Redmond!'' she cried ; '' who has been talking to you — who has told you this ?'' ''Miss Herncastle,'' he answered. Your secret, it would seem, has all along been no secret to her. She bade me to ask you, two hours ago, what you knew of Gaston Dantree.'' ''Miss Herncastle!'' she could but just repeat the name in her ungovernable surprise. ''Hiss Herncastle,'' he repeated, still very coldly. ''If I were in your place, I think I should come to an understanding with that lady. It was against my will I ever came to England. If I had dreamed of your object, I certainly would never have set foot in it. But I trusted Rose O'Donnell. That is all over now — it is only one other lesson added to the rest. When your inquiries concerning Mr. Gaston Dantree are at an end, let me know, and we will depart for France.'' Again he was turning away, hurt, angry, grieved beyond words to say. Again she caught his hand; and held him fast. '' Redmond ! brother— friend ! Oh, my God, why will you judge me so hardly ? I have deserved it, perhaps, but — you break my heart. If you knew all I have suffered, you might pity— you might forgive.'' He withdrew his hand, and turned sternly away. ''I have told you— the past I could forgive easily ; the present I cannot.'' ''And then he was gone. For a moment she sat looking after him with eyes of passionste pleading. Then the pride of blood, latent in her, arose. He was hard, he was cruel, he was merciless. If he himself had ever loved, or suffered, he would not be so pitiless to her. Lanty was wrong— neither Lady Cecil nor any other woman had ever touched his heart of granite. She sat wounded, humble, silent. Then all at once the recollection of Miss Herncastle flashed upon her. She had told him she knew all. All ! Rose O'Donnell turned white from head to foot. Did Miss Herncastle know all ?'' She rose up hurriedly, and looked down the lighted length of the spacious drawing-rooms. No. Miss Herncastle was nowhere to be seen. Should she seek her in her room? She stood for an instant irresolute. Squire Talbot espied her and turned to cross over. She saw him in time— flight was her only escape. She stepped through the open window and disappeared. The tall trees of the lime-walk stood up black in the ivory light of the moon. She turned toward it, then as suddenly stopped. For from its sombre shadows Sir Arthur Tregenna and Miss Herncastle walked. The meetings had been purely accidental, on his part, at least. He had gone forth to smoke a cigar and (was it by accident ?) Miss Herncastle had un expectedly appeared upon the scene. Her head was aching — she had come out for the air. A black lace scarf, artistically draped, like a Spanish man- tilla, covered her head and shoulders, one white, shapely hand held it in its place. A crimson rose, half shattered, gleamed above one pink ear. She had never looked better in her life— Sir Arthur's eyes pretty plainly told her that. And having ''met by chance, the usual way,'' what more natural than that they should take a turn down the lime walk together. ''Do you return to the drawing-room ?'' Rose heard him say. 'It is beyond all comparison pleasanter here, but-----''' ''But Sir Arthur Tregenna may be missed,'' Miss Herncastle's sweet voice supplemented. ''No, Sir Arthur, I shall go to my room. Don't let me detain you an instant longer. Thanks again for the books and the music, and good-night.'' Music and books ! He had been making her presents then — what would Lady Cecil say to this ? She bade him good-night, with her brightest smile, waved a white hand in the pearly light, and turned with the slow, stately, graceful motion peculiar to her, and walked away. He stood, a strange expression of yearning in eyes and face, and watched the tall figure from sight. Then he turned reluctantlv — Rose could see it — stepped through the window whence she herself had emerged and was gone. ''Miss Herncastle !'' Rose O'Donnell's clear voice, ringing along the silence, came to the ear of the governess. She had reached the King's Oak, and was standing, a smile on her lips, on the very spot where Sir Peter had seen the ghost. She turned at the sound of her name, the smile fading away, and confronted the speaker. ''You call, Miss O'Donnell ?'' ''I called, Miss Herncastle. I wished to speak a word to you. I will not detain you an instant,'' as the governess shivered ever so little in the soft night air. ' Two hours ago you bade my brother ask me what I knew of Gaston Dantree. Miss Herncastle, in my turn I ask, what do you know ?'' She looked more like her brother, as she spoke, than the governess had ever seen her. She came of a bold and brave race, and some of the fire of that race shone in her eyes now. Miss Herncastle returned her gaze steadily. ''You really wish me to answer that question ?'' '' Certaiinly, or else I had not asked it. Did you know Gaston Dantree in New Orleans ?'' ''I never saw Gaston Dantree in New Orleans in my life.'' ''In England, then ?'' Miss Herncastle stood looking at her, making no reply. ''You heard me?'' Rose O'Donnell repeated; '' what do you know of Gaston Dantree and — and me ?'' Miss Herncastle's lips opened to answer, with that excellent brevity of speech that characterized her. '' Everything.'' ''Miss Herncastle !'' ''It is your own fault, and your brother's, Miss O'Donnell, since by that name you prefer to be known.'' ''That name!'' she whispered the two words, came a step nearer, her eyes dilating, her face ashen white. '' Miss Herncastle,'' she cried, ''what do you mean ? What do you know ?'' '' This !'' the voice of the governess rose, her mouth grew set and stern — ''this— that if Gaston Dantree be alive, you are Gaston Dantree's wife !'' (To be continued.) 