'BOUT TOWN. (By 'A Ghobt.') ' But that I'm forbid I could a tale unfold whose lightest word would harrow up fcby soul. ' — Shakespeare. It is a common thing for people to put their foot down, but after the ecperieoces of the supreme court just ended, the burglar will, at all events, have to be careful when he puts his down, especially when be drops from the window sill nrAiinratnro tn Uanin, HU poet (not our William) speaks of a ?? foot print on the sands of time ' but oh an impressionable bit of mother earth it becomes, when oarefully traoed and noted, a dangerous piece of evidenoe. The matter deinandB the fullest attention *of the thieving fraternity, for JuBtioe Manning threw out a few suggestions, which, if remembered by the police, might even lead to the identification of a bare foot. *' If ' said tbe learned judge *c the indentations are oarefully noted.' This has reudered our No. 10 with its bunion, six corns and a wart practically useless. * * * The Circuit Court, of course, has been tbe centre of attraction to many during tbe last week, but to a great many people ale', who were forced to attend, it was, as it always is, a dry hash game. It has been written that ' Wherever two or three are be gathered together, &c.;,' and so it proved. Two or three were gathered to gether in a side room, aod there wan iound in tbeir midst the spirit of Uaher op Walker or somebody. A bright and shining star in the temperanoe firmament was, by some subtle magnetio influence, led to walk that way. With a pe^rcing ory he demanded ' Whose is this ?' Strange to say, no one present up to then bad notioed the presence ofihat wretched bottle. So it wsb seized by tbe neck and taken ' ;om the place it was then in to the fireplace, and its spirit passed away. EXP. *** Your contemporary, last issue, in set* ting forth such facts as were known to it anent the Carathool Meat Export Coy., made the followingstartling announcement — ' The company's plant will inolude, in addition to tbe chilling department, all tbe oecessary machinery for boiling downt canning, and treating manures.' It iB quite pusaible that science, which advanoes often by leaps and bounds, has discovered that well boiled manures are the secret of success, on perhaps an irrigation blook. Bui to cau it seems .a waste of energy. Was something of this known to the Council when they talked of dust bins recently % The public will no doubt wait with curiosity for a sample can of well boiled manure. * * * The laBt batch of Mother Seigel Syrup pamphlets had a frontispiece with the startling conundrum 41 Was Charles, somebody, murdered ?' If there is another batoh coming out a good query wonld be ' Did North Shore Ferry Boat George Dean, poison his wife ? ' At this distanoe from Sydney the whole thing is most bewildering, and more mysterious than tbe 'personal of the ?' Ghost.' It beams a ..r Hf^i i.o AiA a;a„\ It may be possible on the one hand (hat Mr Meagher being too eager, jumped too eagerly to a conclusion, upon evidence too meagre, but then ou tliB other hand— Steady, this is not a leading ariiole. The bicycle again, and why not ? We hope soon to see a track io the park, to hear the band play, aod stroll round with our best girl of a mconligbt night, and see some pretty raceB. The cut the other day between two local sports (no iutention of giving you away) waB very exciting, but tbe course was a dangerous one in several ways. The ladieB of Hay have not yet taken to the bike. Who will give them a start ? j v. ? It aogors well for the relations between I capital and labor, when pleasant after* | noons, like the one - last Saturday on : Mungadel, are spent, almost iu the | middle of sheariog. Several townspeople ! contributed tbeir mite towards its suooess, and many went out and assisted by tbeir I presence. Some of the races were quite | exciting, and everybody enjoyed them selves. | # * I # Our disjointed sentenoes in last week s issue appear to have caused annoyaooe, although not intended to do ao. It has ever been the prioe of fame to have to stand a little banter, and he who openly chafes doth but prove himself uoworthy, and always rons the risk of farther torture But as we have no wish to seriously annoy we refrain from tbe opportunity offered, but think not proud chief from fear, Io fact it is flattering to us to hear one hissing through his teeth inmost dramatio fashion ' Haste me to know him, that Bwift as meditaition on tbe wings of love, I ' may sweep to my revenge/' Fibe. — On Saturday night about ten o'clook the fire bell rang out tbe alarm of fire, and the members of the brigade were quiokly out with tbe reel, under the com* mand of Mr Witoombe, The fire waB dis covered to be at the residence of Mr Thomas Sinolair,Orson-Btreet. The family bad^'us^gone ^ed-^heo^*ome noticed smoke issuing from the badt pre miBes, and tbe alarm was given J when some neighbours rushed to the plaoe and did good service io throwing water on the fire, and by tho time the brigade arrived, it was partly extinguished. Fortunately the . fire .had not got a very firm hold of . the kitchen, or there would have been' some difficulty -iu cheoking it. ' fhe^hose wasbrought into play and the fire waB soon put out. There was a good pressure of' water, and the promptitude of tbe brigade in turning out was the theme of f general admiration. Death of Mb. A. Nbjxson,— News was received in' town yesterday of the death of Mr Andrew NeilBon, of the firm of Mills, Neilson and Smith, of Uardry station. Mr Neilson left the colony some time-baok on a visit to England, where be died. OehtaxnIjY the best medicine known is Sandbb and Sons Eucaliptlo Extract, sc. itseminently powerfurl effects in ooaghs, colds, influenza ; the relief is instantaneous in various cases, and acoidents of all kinds be they . wounds, burns, scaldtngs, bruises, sprains, it is the safest remedy— no swel ling—no inflammation, ?? Like surprising effect produced in oroup, diptberia, . bron- chitis, inflammation of the lungs, ' swelling, eto., diarrhoea, dybentry, diseases of - the kidneys an i urinary organs. In use all hospitals aind medical olmios all over the globe, patronised by His Majesty the King of Italy; crowned with medals and diplomas at the International Exhibition^ Amsterdam Trust in this af proved article and rejfeot all others. 