THE FLORAL WREATHS AND CROSSES. Never before were the resources of the art florists so severely tested as was the case on Saturday. Order I after order came pouring in, to the embarrassment of | the florist. Because, although the metropolis and the suburbs are all abloom with Flora's constella tions, it is 'only flowers of a certain class that ars allowed the privilege of being ranked as or associated with immortelles. Hence, the choice of flowers for the composition of funeral tributes is always limited to a very small portion of the domain of the gardener. But this limitation in its general sense is not without its compensating advantages, because the exhaus tion of one area necessitates the encroach ment upon another, and thus are introduced into the designs rare spesimens of bloom which, but for the necessities of the cise, would perhaps never be introduced into these floral tributes. At the funeral of Sir Robert Duff there was a conspicuous instance of this, an oichid of great rarity, which blooms only once in every seven years, and which is really priceless — the bloom of the ' Sacred Dove,' or ' Holy Ghost'' — being utilised by Messrs. Searl and Sons to impart a distinctive charm to a floral cross sent to Government House by his Excellency the Lieutenant-Governor, the Honorable Sir Frederick Darley. There were also included in the cross water lilies, niphetos roses, carnations, and choice hothouse flowers and foliage. Ia acordance with a cable received from Lord and Lady Carrington the Messrs. Seirl also prepared a bemtifitf wreith $ud (jross -prab;nel; iu the d9siga of which were used white roses, stephanotis, bouvar dias, white chrysanthemums, orchids, phaseolus, and choice hothouse foliage. Among the wreaths sent by Miss Goodenough was a magnificent one on behalf of the Earl and Countess of Hopetoun. This wreath was composed of white roses, stephanotis, gardenia, bouvardias, and choice hothouse foliage. Sir Henry and Lady Norman's contribution (obtained through Messrs. Searl) was a ctobs of white flowers compojed of white niphetos roses, carnations, water lilies, and orchids. The same firm also sent on behalf of the Lieutenant-Governor of South Aus tralia a wreath, which embraced choicest white flowers, variegated ivy, and autumn leaves. The . same firm on behalf of Lord Glasgow sent a cross, in which there were choice foliage and sprays of white flowers and autumn foliage. The Consul-General for Germany (Herr Pelldram) sent a lovely cross which was composed of ivy leaves an! autumn foliage and snow white flowers. This / cross was rendered especially conspicuous by a wealth of satin ribbon, which was iu harmony with the German national colours. Want of space pre vents us giving a complete list of thosewho sent floral tributes. 