FICTION. My Uncle's Ghost. 9 (Continued.") He went to the berth directly and made one startled exclamation. The passengers began to crowd around. There she lay, the lashes resting thick on her cheeks, her lips still that won derful dash of red, but her face was like marble, her hands were ice, and her heart — ah ! there was no action there. She was dead. By her side was a bottle half-filled with laudanum, which showed thatshe had taken her own life. I did not wait for anything more, to hear the criticisms and questions as to who she was, and why she did it. I ust took one long, parting look, and touched her pretty brown hair ; then 1 went out to the platform again, and remained there until I reached my station. The major smoked violently for a few moments. But wneredoes the ghostcome in? I asked atlengtb. The ghost ! he said, with a sugges tion of passion in his voice, which I had never heard there before ; she is the ghost. Her pale face, black dress, and violet eyes, have haunted me more or less ever since. I can hear her sweet, musical voice as plainly to-day, when ! will allow myself, as I did then, and it was fifteen years ago. There is a Dlace in my heart now for those poor little mended gloves, which were in themselves a pathetic story. I am neverOD dnty at night that 8h<" does not stand before me with tk little troubled expression, and f pleading look, until I roach -onK arms to touch her, thea she v</ and I know it was — you wyy0" illusion, a fancy — but I / ghost. ./ How many times ha in some way I had g?/ that man's pictur/ pasted them toget) half a lifetime af found him. I that poor girl W done. Yes.Jf c I self, her character, I know nothing, and I am called a man of the world. And yet, boy, he exclaimed, turning to me, his face gray with passion, I a in happier on a dark, stormy night like \ this, in the prospect of coming home to bo with her— spirit, her memory, if you will, than I should be iff knew another, a real woman, was waiting to ' .: .ir fling soft arms about my neck, to Mas oie with tenderest lips. Forgive me, T Tom I seldom speak of my own feeling and emotions, but perhaps now you can faintly understand how much, reality there can be even in a ghost. Jhe major had gained complete con trol of liiuelf once more, and waa nodding good".humoredly over his pipe as if romance, women and he had al.vaya been, as they always would be, strangers. . The Enb. 