fianurlrai Intelligence. Baeeabool. — As a result of the sale of gifts held last March, the parsonage has been put into a state of repair within and without. A movement is on foot for replanting and- renovating the church and parsonage grounds. This will be effected by means of a 'bee,' the hearty co-operation of the men being assured. Glenbowan. — The Eev. J- Penfold, having been appointed to the oharse of Lonswood and district, nreached his farewell sermon at St. Paul's Church on Sunday, June 30th. Notwithstanding the very cold, inclement weather, a fairly large congregation assembled to hear him. The rev. gentleman delivered a very impressive sermon, his text being taken from the three last verses of Acts xx. On the 27th June a meeting of the guardians of the church was held at the parsonage, when Mr. A. Eeynolds handed in £9 8s. 10d., proceeds of a concert held in aid of the church funds on May 29fch. After the financial affairs of the church had been satisfactorily balanced, Mr. Penfold announced his approaching departure. The guardians expressed their warm appreciation of his ministry during his stay in Glenrowan, and, while regretting his departure, trusted that his removal would be to his advancement, and wished him every success and happiness in his future career, Mr. Penfold during his ministry in Glenrowan having won the respect and esteem of his congregation by. his earnest and practical efforts in the cause of the Church. Heidelberg. — Through the efforts of . Mesdames Hitchens and Price in collecting contributions, and the Girls' Work Party, with their sales of needlework, &c;, the exterior of St. John's, Heidelberg, has been thoroughly renovated, and new matting purchased for the church floor, while money was given for a large mat for the porch by the nurses and other members of the Austin Hospital staff belonging to the Church of England, in addition to which two others — Mrs. Turner, the housekeeper, and Miss M. Davis, head laundress of that institution — each gave very liberal donations to the Church Eenovation Fund. A few months ago the New Organ Fund, for which the Ladies' Guild has been working during the last four years, was increased to the extent of about £36 by sale of work, &c.;, at a garden f6te held on the grounds at Ivanhoe House, Ivanhoe, the residence of Mr. H. Wilcox, that gentleman, Mrs., and Miss Wilcox, doing their utmost, by personal exertion and pecuniary help, to make the fete in every way enjoyable to all and a financial success. The New Organ Fund now amounts to £115, and the Ladies' Guild have a considerable quantity of work on hand towards the next sale. Longwood: St. Andbew's. — The re-opening ceremony in con nection with St. Andrew's Church, which has recently been remounted and decorated, was celebrated by a flower service on a Wednesday evening. In the absence of the Eural Dean the Eev. W. Hancock officiated, and was assisted by Mr. Hutchinson. The choir, under the conductorship ofpMrs. Chomley, who presides at the organ, and the leadership of Miss MfDonald, had taken great pains with the musical portion of the service. The preacher took the opportunity of congratulating the people of East Longwood on the improvement of their church, which was now fitted up with all the requisites for reverent worship. He chose as his text St. Matthew vi. 28, 'Consider the lilies of the field how they grow,' dwelling upon the lessons of the flowers, viz., what they teach us about God and what they teach us about ourselves. Mrs. Hutchinson sang '0 rest in the Lord' as an offertory. [Much regret is expressed at the approaching departure of Mr. and Mrs. Hutchinson, who have thrown themselves heartily and unselfishly into the work of the Church. The improve ment effected in the church, and especially the addition of the communion table, chancel railing, and pulpit, will stand as a memorial of Mr. Hutchinson's brief but successful ministry. The walls have been nicely coloured, a communion table, with platform and railing, and also a pulpit, have been erected, and the east end decorated with suitable texts and devices. Much of the woodwork has been done by Mr. Hutchinson's own hand, while the ladies are still busy with the needlework. The church will be formally re-opened with a special service at. an early date. Maldon. — According to the custom of many years past, Trinity Sunday was observed as the dedication festival of Holy Trinity Church. Considerable eclat was added to the event this year by the visit of the Dean of Melbourne, who most kindly came up from town to be the special preacher on the occasion. This being the first visit of Dr. Vance to the parish since his appointment to the Deanery, his coming created great interest amongst the parishioners. Although hardly recovered from an attack of influenza, the Dean preached with great vigour and eloquence at both the morning and evening services. At the former his subject was ' The Decree of Cyrus to rebuild the Temple,' upon which he delivered a masterly discourse, showing the need of tools and scaffolding if each congrega tion was to be built up a spiritual temple for the Lord, and applying this to all the outward organisations of Church life. At the same time he laid great stress upon the duty of erecting the temple of the Holy Ghost by the consecration of our bodies and souls to Christ's service. At evensong an earnest and deeply spiritual address was delivered on Ephesians iii. 17-19, which was listened to with the closest attention, and greatly appreciated. The church was well filled at both services, although the frequent storms during the day had a natural effect upon the attendances. At the full choral even song at seven o'clock, the office was sung by the incumbent, and the large surpliced choir rendered 'Tallis' with good effect. A new anthem, 'Whatsoever is Born of God,' was given with great heartiness, and enabled the bassos to be heard with fine effect. During the offertory Gounod's setting 6 f ' The King of Love' was sung by Mrs. Cooke. The church was tastefully decorated for the festival, and looked very nice, considering the scarcity of flowers at this season. The Dean, at the conclusion, expressed himself as greatly pleased with the church, its congregations, and services, and expressed the opinion that they could compare favourably with most of the Melbourne suburban churches. Before leaving for town on the Monday the Dean took the opportunity of inspecting the Chlorinating Works, at the South German mine here, and was much interested in the various ingenious processes by which a large percentage of gold is now saved that was formerly lost. Mr. M'Creery, jun., son of a former parishioner at Kew, gave a very clear explanation of the invention. Altogether the festival was a great success. The Con firmation by the Bishop of Melbourne on August 14th will be the next event in our calendar. 