The North Ipswich Con gregational Church Choir. -:o: THEIR TRIP TO BOUTBPORT. [BY ONE OF Tax VITsrross. The members of the North Ipewiob Cot gregatiooal Cbhrob Choir, together with tbelr erinds, numbering about forry-three in all, and including Mr. J. Wilkinson, M.LA., left Ipswiob for Southport by the 2"40 p.m. train on Thursday last in a speolal carriage. Mr. and Mrs, J. C. Bain were picked up at Rookles, and the party duly arrived at their destinotion a little before 7 p.m. Unfortunately, thenight was very dark and rain falling, while the roads were in a very muddy state, After sonb a Jong joarney in the tran it ea easily be imaginoed that esuoh a state of things was not caltulated to make the party feel in a very oheerfal mood. However, all seemed to have made up their mind, to make the best of it, and, after seeing to the loggage, a start was made for the Congregational Churob. the pro. oeison being bheaded by the Rev. T. E. Pierce, the pactor, who had come to meet and welcome the visitors. Arrived at the obureb, all were invited to partake of a aomptuone repast, which had been very thoughtfully and kindly provided by the membere of the loosal choir, who, together with their leader, Mr. Lather, waited on the party. The manner in which the good things disappesred gave abundant testimony that they were fully appreoated. This served to put all ino a good humour, and Mr. atbher and hi. choir were afterwards publioly thanked by the Rev. T. Jones, the presldent of the North Ipswich Choir. The programme of the oonoert for the fnoods of the Church and the phrenological leo tore by the pastor were then entered up n, The locul pres, spcke well of the onouert, making special mention of the bchores "The Lord is myr Bhepherd," the quartette "'oft Floating O'er," with humming soompaniment, and the Misses Turner'e rendition of "When hroaugh Life's tiidernee,." Immediately after the oonclosion of the anooert, the party, piloted by Mr. T. Windle, who had gone down the day before and made all arrarngements, dispersed to the hoouses that had been temporarily engaged (four in number) aed inoluding the parsonage, kindly lent by the iev. T. E. Pierce. Suitable arrangements were made for the distribution of the visitors among the four cottages, and alt were soon comfortably installed. Bread, milk, meat, to., iooloding 8oarboroeoghb's famed seas ages, had been ordered for eaoh of the honase, and eachb party was to do their own cooking, whblels aw of the young ladies were told off every moraing to do fimilar duty for the bahobelors, who were quartered by themelves.. Soon after arriving at their repootlve houses all retired to rest, and, with the eaoeoplon of the beahelora'party, were soon in dreamland. With the boearlors, however, on both nights sleep seemed to be the lastthing thought of. Os the 'first night soon after all had ratired to rest, the door of ons bedroom was quietly opened oand three ghoetly forms I. white suddenly oppeared\before te stertled oopante thereof. This was followed by as unearthly nbise nssed by a bar of Iron drawn rapidly through the keyhole of the door. After this the fIn was kept up till cbost o'olook. The snat nights watld.begboet who bhad been overheard making bleplanhe. awith a warm reoeption from the ooopauot of the room, who was planted bbehind the door with a bolster, and direotly the ghost's head appeared in the dhoraie down come the bolr, and oassed "biseghemship" to best hasty retrya Everyone wasu stir early on Friday morning, buthb weather was anythiog but promising, showers falling at intervals all the moroing. The lelenoets wers bravely faeed, end all amsneed. tbhemselves one way or another, Several ese tsh wars landed by one of the party, bhehsaba (Ieloding s "gigeot' bism by tbhe getal:pastor, who is a devoted follower of Issak Watto. Many wore the oo'plimelis paid him on his killI in lsdine nob a " beaoty" (it weighed shabount 8os), Alloassemble4 fordioner at the largest of the houses, and here the fowls, bhams, and In. aneneabl' oth~ pgood things tbhat bad been provided were laid odt in tempting sroy, and wars dose loll jestice to by every?be. The A rdilthre g alfter dinner, it oeiedelded to pay -visit'to the malt beaoh ofs Ayear' Perry; had fonr boatelree engaged lo ~ake the parithytsere. Ab sr a deslghtl?atoil np Nel g Oreery' acohed their destisatio and bad a meoaS?ejoyable bath indhe breakers. ' The astrt'watea d for home,and onnarlteln bfe preparatons were made for tbhe concert n be 'hool of Arts. In the meantime, however, the reai bad commenoed to fall again, and the onsequsease wes that the attondansooe wos very poor, TMhis habd a somewhat daspintg effst on the singers until Mr. Blin made his appear. neor, and, as naot of the hobeir bhad oaerer een bim his oberaotor ketohbes, it was a great treat to them, caseing roars of Isaughter, especlally bhis vooetriloqual aot, and served to put evreyone la good spirite for the remainder of the night. Aboeut 2 a.m. thbe baohelors decided to serenarde the ooonpats of the'other three bonses, and eaoh teasa was visited ttu and everaml well knotn pieces mioely sutlg, to hi astonib. meaot and pleasurone of those withIn and tbey were warmly thanked for fbeir a·lton on tbhe followinog morning. Satordlay morning broke beatifully fis and clear, and it rws thersfore deaoided 'to return by the 7 p.m. train instead of the 1 o'olook train in order that this on expeoted good weather might be fully ejoyed. Another visit to the male beaoh was there fore deoided upon, and oanother oppoftnitfy of .sporting among the breakers taken advantage of, The eojoyment of ths one efs dayamply cm0peastled for all the other disappointmentsr that had been endared, and all. reterned in good spirite for the blat meat and to paok for the return journey, while the married mem bers sad their wives proceeded to Mrs. Eveor. da's Cambrldgae Hounse, that lady having very kindly invited them to taske tat with her. This mid other aots of kidnesr to tbhe choir during their stay on the part of Mrs. Everadoen wre moabh appreoiated. All were aboard the train in good time, and, previous to starting, treated those pressent with a little mutod. As the train steamed out of the etation three hearty obheers were given for the " 8oatbportlas." The only thing to mar the pleasure of the homeward joanr?ry was the waiting ao Yeeroogpilly for nearly two hemrs. It was thought that the party would have been allowed to go on to Sooth Brisboane, where the sooommodation is so mush bsttsr, bat the atationmustor at YearooapsIly insisted lhalt all mast get. out, and so large a perty bsving to watt that hour of the night in suhob a miserableolittls station house prodoned fselinga bthet cano beter be imagfined than described. All bthings, 4owever, have an end, and, when it' weas found that apeial oarrriage had been osnt oDnt from Brisbane, the weary waiting wu soon foragotte, sad merry straits of masio were onese mote the order of the night, and c?o. Siseed so panti the arraval of the train at Ipswlob, whoere 5*Auld l?ong Syne," followed by th doxology, wee sung, and the party pro. oeeded to their homes in two 'bases epoolally engaged from the genial Jimmy Johnsoeton, who isk one?d ever willing to oblige the choir in a I matter of this kind. Thus ended, in spite of rain sad the onsreqouent disoomforts, one of the mot enjoyable and sucoessful ontingo ita ha ever been hbe privilqge of bthe chobir to originate, and, although the expenses have more than .wallowed up the balanoe on hand end the raegopte from the concert and phronologicl sk?ur, yet this item is not to be thought f when put alongside the pleasurend eajoy. mosot one and all xpeorleooeed. Hopesr are entertained both herae in Ipewioh and in Sonthport that the ohoir will be able to pay another visit before very long d, given ??e weather, we are asnsured that a proaked hoose I will await ?., 