QUIPB. ' WELL, that's enough to try anybody's patients,' as the doctor oxclaimed when he found his bottles all mixed and without labels. When a man refuses to buy his wife a new hat that is economy; when he buys himself a box of cigars that is necessity. Toper: ' What shall I take, doctor, to re move the redness of my nose?' Doctor: ' Take s:othing for three months.' Proud Father: 'That is a sunset my daughter painted. She studied painting abroad, you know.' Friend: ' Ah, that ex plains it. I never saw a sunset like that in this country.'" Jones: ' I hear your wife has taken to wearing divided skirts.' Smith: ' So she says; but, judging by her dressmaker's bills, I think they must be multiplied.' 'Lawyer: ' What's that book you are reading?' Law student: ' Oh, it's a work on common sense.' Lawyer: 'Yes, sir, and one day with such a book as that would ruin your mind for legal work for ever.' A. German student, wrestling with the English language, is said to have rendered a text as follows: ' The ghost is willing, but the meat is feeble.' Burglar (just acquitted, to his counsel): 'I will shortly call and see you at youroffice, sir.' 'Very good; but in the daytime, please.' Little Cadby (no one knows how he man aged to get into the club) to old and popular member: ' I say, old chap, I want you to put your name down for a friend of mine who's up for election.' Old member: 'What's he lone?' Little Cadby: ' Well, he once saved my life.' Old member : ' I shouldn't tell anybody if I were you. Fair organist: I'nm sorry you've had to leave off blowing for us, Giles.' Giles: ' Yes, miss, the organ don't sound what it did, do it? Jim be a very good chap, but 'e ain't got no music in 'sm! Now, we did used to give 'em summat worth 'earin' didn't we, miss?' Robber: ' Throw up your hands ! I want your money or your life!' New York police man: ' You don't seem to know me. 1 am a New York policeman.' 'Robber: 'Beg pardon. I always respect der perfech. How's business?' Student: ' Several of my friends are com ing to dine here, so I want a big table.' Mine host: 'Just look at this one, sir. Fifteen persons could sleep quite comfortably under it.' 'You say she tried to stop the car by whistling at it. Did she make a success of it?' ' Yes, in a way. It wasn't her whist. ling that stopped the oar, though; it was the face she made.' ' Do you think that marriage is a failure, Mr. Askin?' said Miss Elder to a young man whom she knew to be engaged, ' I haven't got that far yet,' was the frank reply; ' but I'm pretty well convinced that courtship is bankruptoy.' He (resuming his seat. after a brief visit outside): 'What an atmosphere of realism there is about this play!' She: 'Yes. Smells like cloves.' ' I've no luck at horse-racing, but in love I am the luckiest man alive.' ' Is that so ?' 'Yes; I have been in love with a dozen different girls and none of them married me yet.' " Mother: 'You are at the foot of the spell ing class again, are you?' Boy: 'Yes'm.' Mother : ' How did that happen?' Boy : ' got too many zs in scissors.' 'Go to the ant thou sluggard,' may be good advice, but many a man goes to his ' uncle' instead. ' I have a trained seal,' said the English man. 'It can be hitched to a boat, and will drag my children about on my private lake just as a pony will drag a cart.' ' That's very nice,' said the American. ' I have one, too. Mine takes its fur off in winter and lends it to my wife for, a eaoque.'-Harper's Bazaar. Oholly: 'How did you catch that fearful cold, Fweddy?' Fweddy (with a hollow cough) : ' I think I must have twimmed my fingah nails too close the othah mawning, deah boy.' When a man gets famous it would seem that every man in the country used to play marbles with him at sohool. New Father: ' What's the baby crying for?' Mother; 'Because I told him he looked like you.' ' Don't sit up for me to- night, dear,' said the Emancipated Woman, as she looked into the sewing-room where her husband was darning stockings. The husband looked up from his work and listened as his wife went on, putting on her gloves the while. 'I find it necessary to post my books to night, and shall probably be. very late get ting back home.' Austere Lady: ' Madam, your child is an noying me with its attention ! I wish you would keep it to yourself.' Mother (suppres sing her anger): ' Oh !. you mustexcuse him. He thinks you are his grandmother, and he is very fond of her.' 'I'd .rather have a nutmeg than fame,' said the idiot. ' Why,' said the wise man. ' Because,' replied the idiot, ' fame is for the great, but the nutmeg is for the grater.' Miss B. (improving the shining hoar) : ' Tommy, I'll ask you a question. Suppose this wall is 5ft high, if a snail climbs up 3ft in the day slips back 2ft at night, how long will he take to get from your garden to mine?' Tommy (promptly) : ' A day, if he's lucky.' Miss B.: 'Oh ! Tommy, Tommy! How do you make that out?' Tommy : 'Why, father looks all over the wall every morning before breakfast, and when he finds a snail he chuocks it over for you, 'cos you will keep sending him those temperance tree's.' Waban was an Indian chief. He was a magistrate, and the following is handed down as a warrant issued by him: ' You, you big constable, quick you catch um Jeremiah Offecow, strong you hold nm, safe you bring um afore me. Thomas Waban, justice peace.' When Waban became superannuated, a younger magistrate was appointed to sue ceed him. Cherishing for age and long ex perience that respect for which Indians are remarkable, the new officer waited on the old one for advice. Having stated a variety of eases and received satisfactory answers, he at length propounded the following: ' When Indians get drunk, and quarrel, and fight, and act like the divvel, what you do. den?' ' Hah ! tieum all up, and whipum plaintiff, whip um 'fendant, and whip um witness.' Dick is a club servant, and he has always found it to his advantage to obey literally every order that is given him. What a man orders he gets, and Dick seldom makes any mistakes. However, his literal habits involved him in a disturbance. Abusy member~t the club summoned him with:--'Hero, Dick, I'm in a great hurry. Get me a cold bird, and remember that I have ii train to catch.' Dick hurried off. In four minutes he was back with a superb specimen of the partridge species raw on the platter. 'What the deuce is this ?' queried the hurried member. ' It's the cold boyd, ash,' returned Dick. 'But it's raw, you idiot!' snapped the member. 'Yassir; I knows that,' said Dick. ' But all doe cooked ones is hot, sah.' The success that Amykos has met with, and the universal favour it enjoys, both in the Old and New worlds, is a ufficient guarantee of the advantages resulting from its use as a month wash, gargle, cosmetic, &c.; It is unanimously aoknowledged to possess a mild, and, at the same time, energetic eficoaoy as an antiseptic water, and is superior to all antiseptics at present known to science, as expressed by Professor Sir Jocsph Lister, of Edinburgh, in the Lancet, which alone ought to mako the Amykos a household word for the Australian, who esteems cleanli ness. Price. Is Od per bottle, at all Chemists Perfumers, &o.--Advt.; Femno)e bootblacks are increasing in num ber in P:rih. They dross neatly. 