1— — - — ' ? ^ Tlte Cobra*9 Mate. (By W- A, Fraser in «w Detroit Free Press) B3ey and « Patsef' Dolan sat on the verandah of the former's bungalow in Mains one afternoon, hanng * quiet cfceroot, «-L msfhap, something tar mow cheering *od eatertaiaiag. Certain it was that two long thin glasses stood on the little table between the two l.:.» ..4 n.iAO for one. would hare turned hia nose op had they been filled *ith«limminade,' or eren plain soda There were times, howerer, generally in die eartj morning, when plain soda in ? tombler of cracked ice -W Mem more fitting the occasion and the need than any other drink, not barring the tea itself, which was all wry well later on. Doha heaved a s(gb ot content as he set down his glass j it was the content of a thirsty eoui that had taken long and deep of a cool drink on a sweltering day. 'EelwasMyin1, Rifejr,' he began, puffing industriously at the cheroot be was lighting between times, ' they hunts in pain, they d», an' if yez seen wan of the blagards yes may rest ashoored tbe n»te *-r him is not far bejant. Cobras is like tojits, they goes in pairs.' 'Holy mother o' Moses! Dan! Did yee hear that,' and Doiau leaped to his feet as though his glass had been knocked over. « Phirat ia it, DoW ? Hez yer niuther'a ghost peered at ye through the gilmills av the windy, or bare ye bin at Rnstonigee's brandy aberab. Yet allus do get jumpy afther tbat istuff — &n; no wonder, one-eight « bottle fur it. Pbat kind of stuff d'ye expect (or one-eight, 'Is any wan in tha room behint, Riley?' ' Dim a soul, bar, perhaps, tkuddern, an' he's over th' station gittin* orders fur me.' ' Well, may I Hirer draw the lever on oild 'forty-six' agin ef t didn't hear a deep sigh there behint the windy, end a roiee I could swear trae a swate owld home voice each ee ye'd hear near Baiiy gowan (an* ye know where that ea, Oan), callin'yer name in a piteous whisper, watcin' ye up like.' \-- Ye blagard, Doian ! Is't takin' a nee oat av me yer doin' ? I've heerd sv wheels in the head, Patsy, ee well ez on tbe injin. Did yee walk modi in the sun Sunday whin Smith an' you. shot the big bag av shaipe yee bought from the shikari on yer way home ?' 11 Merciful birin ! Look at that J ' cried Dolan, rising and pointing a trembling finger at aomothing out in. the garden among the crotons. * Did yea see the voice, Dolan, the swate owld Irish voioe, Patsey ? '? liusily inquired Riley, as ho gathered himself up to a sitting position in the deep armchair he had been lying back in As he did so big quick eye caught eight of something that brought him ap stand ing. Grabbing a heavy Malacca front a pair of deer horns just over his head, he rushed out, closely followed by Dolan. The enemy saw them coming, and prepared himself for tbe attack. Coiling about half his length under him, he «wung the upper put of his body back and forth, btck and forth like the pendulum of a dock, oalj there was a terrible suppleness about the sfnnous, ondnUting movement that told plainly with what iightntng-Uke rapidity he could straighten it out, sad bury those cat like faugs in the shrinking flesh. There was no banter now on Riler's part, no thinking of that wailing rotee beyond the oawmant on Data's; to gether, and terribly ia earnest, they approached the junto fiend before them. Let either of them ones him and come j'o near, carried forward by their own impetuosity, just a little too near, and ?he fatal pokon, lying tfaere, just at tbe b»se of those toon langs would be injected with devilisb ferocity Jn the tiny pm-like puMturef . A. well-directed blow from Riley's B*«ut a^Mca l«d the snake out dead. ? Be the powers ! ' exclaimed 1-o1«d, ' but that's the biggest cobra I ever kirn across. He's nearly sis feet, I think ; and mind yer prowhV, Oan, fur, mark my words, there'll be a diril av a mate about here somewhere. D'ye be careful when yergoiu'out this Messed night.' ?' Hare something to take the taste av the baste out av yer month, Dolan,1' said Riley, as they returned to tbe bungalow. Just as Dolan was lifting tbe glass to his lips ha turned white, and trembling: all over, put it down again. Then he raised it quickly and drained it at a single draught, 41 Shore, I'm afeared I'm in for a dose of sun faver, Rilef. I wud take me oath that I beerd that same voice callin' ye, Dolan. At snny rate, I must be goin' now. Do ye be looktn' out fur that divil av a mate, Riley,' was his parting injunction. ' Rile Sahib not coming yet for taking out number eleven,' remarked a Baboo clerk to Dolan tbat evening at tbe rail way station. 'He getting lite. I pienty much 'fraid lie seek.' '? Has he sent onny wurd ? ' queried Dolan. ' No, sab.' 'Come with me, Baboo. There must be something wrong whin Dan Riley's behind time.' When be reached his friend's bungalow he found hia servant outside on the verandah. ?'Master sleeping,' he replied! to their inquiries. 'I think master not going out,' Dolan harried to tha bedroom, but jost inside the door he stopped short, as though a wall bad suddenly risen up between him and the man on the «ied. Yes, there lay Riley, not asleep, but staring straight in front of him at the hideous thing coiled on his cheat—the cobra's mate. It did not take Dolan long to make up bis mind what to do. To disturb the oubims uy getting witmnsuretug distance with a case meant almost certain death for ililey. He darei not strike, but he could shoot. Quietly taking Riley's shot gun from the corner at his very hand, and calling to the prostrate man not to more, he took deliberate aim at the cobra and pulled the trigger. There was a tremendous report, and when the smoke had lifted a little he saw the snake lying there riddled by the shot. ' Up wid fvz, Riley,' cried Uolan, 'the Ami's gouo now. Blown to smithereens' Then he stopped, sudden like, as though be bad heard the voice again. Ho took a quick step forward, and peered into the eves of the man lying there so still— asleep he thought him. Then he put bis hand over the heart —it was still. Riley had been dead for an hour There was no wound, tbe snake had not touched him. Tbe horror iu the eyes— the mad staring look of fright told its tale. He had died of fear. 