Tîie Musical World. . ? , ' The'following sample of American slang ap peared in the "Music Trade Review" of New, York sume years ago, and was evidently meant as a rude satire on thc high falutin style of some' enthusiastic American musical journal ists. It is entitled "Jud Brownlies Account of (the L»ate) A. Rubinstein's Playing:" "Jud, they say you heard Rubinstein play when you were in New York." "J did, in the cool." "Well, tell us about it." "What! me? I might's well tell you about the creation of the worlcl." ' : "Come,: now; no mock modesty. Go ahead." "Well, sir, he had the blamedest, biggest, cattycornedest planner you ever laid eyes on; somc-thin' like .. .a distracted billiard table on three logs. The lid was heisted, and mighty well it waa. If lt hadn't been, he'd a tore the intire insides clean out, and scattered 'em to the four winds of heaven." "Played well did he?" "You bet he did; but don't interrup' me. \- When he . first'.set down he ;'peard -to keer mighty little 'bout playln', and whist he hadn't com«. ' He tweedle-leedlc'd a little on the* trible, and toodle-oodle-oodle'd some on the, bass-just fPolin* and boxln' the thing's jaws: for bein' in his way. And I says to a mari ' settin' next to me, s'l, 'What sort of fool, playin' is that?' "> And belays, ;!Hfetsh,.!!- But . '. presently his hands: ; commenced chasin' one 'nother up, and down the keys, lilce a passel :.of rats scamperin' through a garret very swift. Parts of it was sweet, though, and reminded me of a sugar squirrel tumln' the wheel of a candy cage. « " 'Now,' I says, to my neighbor, 'he's showin' off. He thinks he's a doin' of it, but he ain't got no idee, no plan of nothln'. If he'd I play me up a tune of some kind or other I'd-' "But my neighbor says, 'Heish!' very impa tient. "I was just about to git up and go home, bein' tired of that foolishness, when I heard a little bird waking up away off in the woods, and callin' sleepy-like to his mate, arid I looked j up and. I see that Rubin was beglnnin* to take some interest in his business, and I set down agin. It was the peep of day. The light come faint from the east, the breeze blowed gentle and fresh, some more birds waked lip in thc orchard, then some more in the trees near the house, and all begun singin' together. Peo ple begun to stir, and the gal opened the shut ters. Just then the first: beam of the sun fell upon the blossoms a leetle more, and it techt the . roses on the. bushes, and the next thing it . ? was broad day; the sun fairly blazed, the birds sang like they'd split their little throats; all .the leaves was movln' and flashln' diamonds ot dew, and the whole wide world was bright: and happy as a king. Seemed to me like there was . .a good breakfast in every house in the land, : and not. a sick child br woman anywhere. It .was a fine rhornin'. "Arid.I says to my neighbor, 'Tliat's music, ? ' that is.' . , "But he glar'd at me like he'd like to cut ray throat. "Presently the wind turned ; lt begun to. thicken, up, and a kind of grey mist came over things; I got low-spirited d'rectly. Then a silver rain began to fall. I could see the drops touch the ground; some flashed up like long pearl earrings, and the rest rolled away like round rubies. It was pretty, but melan choly. Then the pearls gathered themselves into long strands and necklaces, and then they melted into thin silver streams running be tween golden gravels, and then the streams joined each other at the bottom of the hill, and made a brook that flowed silent, except that you could kinder see the music, specially when the bushes on the banks moved as the music went along down the vailey. I could smell the flowers in the meadow. But the sun didn't shine, nor the birds sing; it was a foggy day, but not cold. , The most curious thing \- was the little white angel boy, like you see in pictures, that run ahead , of the music brook, and led it on, and on, away out of the world, where no man ever was-I never was, certain. I could see that boy just as plain as I see you. Then the moonlight. came, without any sunset, ' and shone on the graveyards;' -where some few ghosts .lifted their hands' and went over the wall, and between the black sharp-top trees ; splendid marble house's rose up, with Anejadles in the 1 it-up windows, and men that loved 'em, but could never get a-nigh 'em, and played on guitars under the trees, and made mo that . . miserable I could a-crled, because I "wanted to love somebody, I don't know-who, better than tho men with the guitars did. Then the sun went down, it got dark, the wind .moaned and wept like a lost child for its dead mother, and I could: a-got up then and there and preach ed a better sermon than any I ever listened to. There .wasn't a thing in the world left to live for, not a blame thing, and yet I didn't want the music to stop one bit. It was happier to be miserable than to be happy without be ing' misérable. I couldn't understand it. I " hung my head and pulled out my handkerchief, and blowed my nose loud to keep from cryln'. My eyes is weak anyway; I didn't want any body to be a-gazin' at me a-snlvlin', and its 1 nobody's business what I do with my nose. It's mine. But some several glared at me mad as Tucker. Then, all of a sudden, old Rubin changed his tune. He ripped and he rar'd, he tipped and he tar'd, he pranced and he charged like the grand entry at a circus.1 'Feared to me that all the gas in the house was turned on at once, things got so bright, and I hilt up my head, ready to look any man in the face, and afeard of riothln'. It was a circus, and à brass band, and a big ball, all goin'. on. at the same «nie. He lit into them keys like a thousand of brick, he give 'em no rest; day nor night; he set every living' joint In. me a-goin', , and not being' able to stand .'it no longer, I jumpt spang onto my seat, and just hollered " 'Go it, my Rubel' - . ' : "Every blamed man, woman, and child In the house riz on me, and shouted, 'Put him ©utJ put him out I' ]" \, '-? " " 'Put your grandmother's grizzly, grey, greenish cat into the middle of next month!' I says. 'Tech me If yon dare! I paid my money, and you jest come a-nigh mc.' "With that some several policemen run up, and I had to simmer down. But I would a-'flt any fool that laid hands on me, for I was bound to hear Ruby out or die. . "He had changed his tune . agin. He hopt llght ladled and tip-toed fine from eend to eend of the keyboard. He played "soft, and low, and solemn. I heard the church bells over the hills. The candles in heaven was lit, one by one; I saw the stars rise. The great organ of eternity began to play from the world's end to the world's end, and all. the.angels went to prayers. .. . . Then the music changed to water, full Of feeling that couldn't be thought, and began to drop-drip, drop, drip, drop clear and sweet, like tears of joy fallin* into I a lake of glory, It was sweeter than that. It was as sweet as a sweetheart sweetn'd with white sugar mist with powdered silver and seed diamonds. It was too sweet. I tell you the audience cheered. Rubin, he kinder bowed, like ho wanted to-say, 'Much obleeged, but I'd valhr you. wouldn't In ter rim' me.' .-. . "He stopt a minute or two to fetch breath." Then he got mad. He' run his fingers through ? his hair, he shoved up his sleeve, he opened his coat-tails a. Ieetle further, he drug up his stool, he leaned over, and, sir, he just went for that -old -planner.-; He slapt her face, he boxed her <jaws, he pulled her nose, he pinched her ears, and he. scratched her cheeks tili she fairly -yelled. He knockt her down, and he stompt on her shameful. : She bellowed like a bull, she bleated like a cálf, she howled like a hound, she squeeled like a pig, she shrieked like a rat, and then he wouldn't let her up. He run a quarter stretch down the low grounds of the bass, till he got clean into the bowels of the earth, and you heard thunder galloping after thunder, thro' the hollows and caves of perdition; and then he fox-chased his right hand with his left till he got away out of the treble into the clouds, whar the notes was finer than the pints of cambric needles, and you couldn't hear nothln' but the shadders of 'em. And then he wouldn't let the old planner go. He for'ard two'd, he eros't over first gentle man, he cros't over first lady, he balanced to parda, he chassade right and left, back to yefür places, he all hands'd aroun', ladies to the right, promenade all, ,in and out, here and there, back and forth, up and down, perpe tual motion, double and twisted and turned and tacked and tangled into forty'-leven thousand double bow knots. - "By jings! it was a mixtery. And then he wouldn't let the old planner go. He fecht up i his right wing, he fecht up his left wing, he [ fecht up his centre, he fecht up his reserves. He fired by file, he fired by . platoons, by com ! pany, by regiments, and by brigades. He opened his cannon, siège guns down thar, Na I poleons here, twelve-pounders yonder, big guns; little guns, middle-size guns, round shot, shells," shrapnels,- grape, canister, mortars, mines and magazines, every livin' battery and bomb a-goln' at the same time. The house ¡ trembled, the; lights danced, the walls shuk, the floor come up, the ceilin' come down, the sky split, the ground rockt- heavens and earth, creation, sweet potatoes, Moses, nlnepences, glory, ten- penny nails, my Mary Ann, hallelu jah, Samson in a 'slmmon tree, Jerossal'm, Tump Thompson in a tumbler-cart, roodle oodle-oodle-oodle-oodle-oodle-ruddle- uddle ud dle-uddle - raddle-addle-addlé-addle - riddle iddle-lddle-lddle - reetle-eetle-eetle-eetle-p-r ¡ r-r-r-lang! pr lang! per lang!' p-r-r-r-r-r lang! Bang! '.'The piano then busted, and flew into a mul titude of pieces, and eventually the writer found himself at his hotel," 