PRIMITIVE METHODIST CON- NEXION, ANNUAL ASSEMBLY. Thc sittings of the annual assembly of the Primitive Methodist Connexion were resumed yesterday morning. GF.NEHAI. ItL'SINESS. The minâtes of the previous day's business were read and confirmed. Attention was I called lo thu false impression which might be Iproduced by thc statement in the press that " thc nanto of Tiaro station was dropped from thc list," as although correct, it might be interpreted ns meaning that thc wink ol tile church was to he discontinued in that place. It was thought advisable to make it clearly known that the amalgamation of the Mary- borough and Tiaro stations was not a discon- tinuance of thc work in that town und neigh- bourhood. THE WORK OF TUE iHIUKCn". A discussion HUS then introduced on thc " Work of our Church in the Colony " by The Kev. W. FAI'I.KXKR, who said lin remem- bered the work of thc Primitive Methodist Church in this colony for twenty-seven years, and had been a member for twenty-five years. He hail many pleasing reminiscences of ils work ; hut he was uot goiug tu deal with the ancient history of thc church. Ho wished to note some difficulties and hindrances in thc work, many of which might bc remedied. The sparseness of the populations waB often a cause of discouragement to tho6c who de- pended m iinieli upon members. Then the migratory character of thc population was continually affecting thc machinery of lim church, by the compulsory removals of some of thc most efficient # workers. He believed too the ultra worldliness of the people in these colonies was a serious hindrance to church work, and damaging also to thc spirituality of the ministers themselves. Thc conditions of membership, he thought, were made too easy, as he held that there ought to be a demand for a practical evidence of love to Christ os a condition of membership. He advocated the importance of a higher standard nf education in thc ranks of the local preachers, and also a deeper piety. He thought lhere was not sufficient respect shown by the officials lo the church courts that had thc responsibility of guiding and supervising thc church's opera- tions, and that there ought to bo a more complete enforcement of discipline. He still further emphasised thc importance of Sab- bath school work, and expressed regret that the church members generally did not take sufficient interest in it, but left it to uncon- verted people. He believed they had much to be thankful for, and encouraged by, in the work of the church in the colony. Thc Rev. Vf. SMITH referred to the im- portance of guarding against the tendency of -exalting themselves and thc church rather than Christ. He believed the members ought toco-operate with thc ministers to a greater extent. He thought that through aversion from orders of sisterhood they had gone to the opposite extreme, and neglected to utilise important material in thc church. There was room for the services of thc women. He was specially pleased with the growth of thc Christian spirit amongst thc members, end the love and brolherliucss in all their meetings. Thc one element in which thc best things grew, all thc best graces and loveliest virtues, was love. Mr. 0. HABTSHOBN" called attention to the demand of some organisation in the church to meet the social needs of the people. This phase of work was more attended to by other churches in the colony than by their own. He agreed with all that had been said against making the door of admission to member «hip in the church too wide. Be urged the special importance of fuller attention to the claims of the Sunday school branch of work. Tlie Rev. J. A. TA\xoE illustrated from Ilia own experience the value of utilizing the forces in the church in co-operating with the ministers in their work. The Rev. T. R. LAWLKV feared they did not sufficiently recognise the fact that they were in an age of transition, and were too stereotyped in their methods. They placed too much value upon organisation. The Rev. J. PROWSE thought they ought not to narrow the door of admission to the church too much, but should make it a home for the spiritual care of thc people. He advocated the importance of home piety, as he believed the life of thc home was the key to thc lifo of thc nation. The Rev. M. WEBSTER supported the view of Mr. Prowse, in regard to home religion. There were many members among them, who never read the Bible iu thc house or prayed with their families. The Rev. M. Fonoos was pleased to note with Mr. Smith the growth of a Christian spirit. He thought the great demand was to recognise more fully the personality of the Holy Ghost and look to Him for help. It was not so much money or men that tho church needed as the power of the Spirit, and with thc baptism of that Spirit they would get thc men and the money und other necessary con- ditions of success. Mr. E. CIIAITI.E pressed the importance of making visitors and strangers at home in the church. Making special reference to thc value of Sunday School work he deplored thc fact that so much was left to non-members. He noted '.hat in the Brisbane district out of 407 teachers in the Sunday school only SOC were members of thc church. The Rev. P. Aston thought they did not. sufficiently utilise the organisation of the church. He advocated thc revival of the claBB meeting to a greater extent, and also Borne more public and impressive way of rc ceivine church members. The Kev. \V. Little feared that the ministers often got too fat- away from the people and were looked upon as too ethereal, with little ar no connection with mundane things. They should follow more fully the example of Christ in coming into closer contact with thc people tc whom they ministered. Mr. J. CI-ATTON supported the importance of making strangers welcome. Tile Rev. C. WESLEY in supporting thc same view, referred to the influence of the late Rev. Robert Hartley in this respect. His cordial and kindly treatment of the people had made bia name in this town and district au open eaeotnp-ta tllpir hß&rtB.; Mr. T. SMITH advocated the need of relieving llic ministers to u grouter extent of responsi- bilities in regard to finances. Sc also felt that more .attention eiould be gives to keeping members when they were converted. The Rev. IV. POWB.M. moved " That this Assembly trJtiug into account tho social, financial, and spiritual work of the church, and rccoguioteg that each member thereof should lie a worker, directs that our elations eall meetings of all their societies Ki consider (i:c ncedB of the people, and devise meuas for the more efficient working cf the surrounding districts, and the utilication of the latent fnntf.fi in our church." Tits Rei-. 0. KvtB/rrseconded HID motion Rc hoped that efforts would lie made to carry it into effect, and try and deepen the spiritual life of lise people. A good deal wisgometiiiics said about a better interpretation of Christ. Hut what Christ? There were Christs and Christs as people interpreted Him. ' Mr. T. UowN called attention lo thc UBC fuluess of the Christian Endeavour us an organisation for cultivating thc spiritual life of the young awl utilizing their efforts, Tile Rev. I. Castlehnw made spcciul refer- ence to the importance of open air work ; and to the cmand for preserving thc Sunday night prayer meetings and the week night services. He thought all the prominent members of the church should feel under obligation tn support these meetings. The. discussion was couiinued for two hours and the resolution was then put and earner! unanimonslv The following resolution was also carried : -" That this Assembly, believing as it does, in the value of thc Christian Endeavour us a religious institution, eminently adapted to meet the needs of our young people, commend it to all our societies." OF.KKRA). E17SINESS. The Assembly then took up the cases of distressed chapels, Those of Hill End in Brisbane II. station, and Taringa in Brisbane IV., were reforred to the home authority with a view of getting relief. In the ease of Cawarral it was decided that thc Mount Morgan Circuit, and the Rock- hampton District Missionary Committee bc requested to provide for the payment of the futuro interest ou that place ; while in the case-of Walker-street, Maryborough, the proper authorities are to bc urgod to make an effort to raise the interest due on that property. The report of the Commission appointed to inquire into (ho position of the Rockhampton properties was received and adopted, and a scheine for the relief of these properties-thc preliminaries of which have been arranged was ratified. Tlie Howard officiuls aro to be written to urging them to pay up their interest. The affairs of Croydon station were left in the hands of the Ht ¡shane and Rockhampton Missionary Committees conjointly. It was reported that there wus a prospect, of procuring the freehold of the Lagoon Pocket property, in thc Oympio circuit. A resolution was passed expressing satisfaction at this, and thc Rev. J. Williams waa re- quested to tnuke the necessary application. The corporation baluncc-shcct was received and adopted. The Brisbane District Missionary Com- mittees' report and balance-sheet were re- ceived and adopted. In connection with thc discussion on a clause in the report dealing with thc retention of missionary money, it was decided that rule must bo complied with, and the defaulting stations were required tn send thc proportion due, with ten per cent added. EVKNlXi: 51EETISÜ. In th« evening a public meeting was held in thc Fitzroy-strcct Church, when several gentlemen spoke on social questions. Mr. 'J1. <j. Henderson presided, and thc church was fairly well lilied. The Rev. M. KOIINOS äpokeoN " The Spirit of tho Age." He «aid he understood by the spirit of the ase the thoughts, feelings, and aspirations which stirred the souls of the people of our rime. Thc spirit of thc agc was critical. Perhaps there never was » time when thc edifice of Christianity was sn ruthlessly dealt with. Every doctrine of thc Christian creed had bceu put into thc mortar and pounded. Let them, however, compare all new sugges- tions with thc word of (Jod. If a new light surprised them in studying, do not let them shrink hack and attempt lo hide themselves behind the former darkness. The Spirit of the age was practical. It was recognizing the importance of the principle laid down hy St. James, " That works is thc only test of faith." The lives of professing Christians were more scrutinised uow than ever they were. Professors of Christianity who were guilty of sharp practices in business, or employers of labour who took advantage of their employees in paying thc lowest wages, were regarded as enemies of Christianity. The old maxim, " business is business," was unworthy of a Christinn. It was pointed out that business men were not always to blame for tricks of trade. There was the pur- chasers' Bide of the question. A man in busi- ness was often ciught in the merciless coils of a grinding competition, and the customers helped to keep it up ; they would buy in the cheapest market. Few would patronise the ?nan who discarded tricks of trade, but who charged a little more for his goods. The ago was practical in re- gard to social and political matters. Just as there was a demand for the larger Christ in theology, so there was un equally strong demand for the larger Christ in their social und political life. The motto of the Christian Church should be, " Christ for thc individual, Christ for the family, Christ, for society, and Christ for thc state. " Before this ideal was reached there was u lot of work to be done, and Christian men and women would have to do it. There was much w bich could be done in their municipalities by a healthy Christian influence. He referred to what Dr. Park- hurst had done in New York in breaking up the Tammany ring as proof of what might bc done. He said there were evils in all their towns-drinking, gambling, and impurity which might be removed by Christian effort. The moral upliftiug of the people was thc cry of the hour and lie recommended that the municipal lever resting on the fulcrum of Christian principles would lift the people. Thu age was asking that more consideration be given to those who earned their bread by the sweat of their brow, and if employers insisted on paying starvation wageB then tho Govern- ment must regulate the relations between thc employer and thc employed. The speaker made references to syndicates, and described them ns vampires on the body .politic, and juggernaut curs. Thc spirit of the age was demanding that thoir Governments should not legislate for thc classes only ; but must con- sider thc masses. It was saying that thc Government was something more than a financial institution to Bee that thc country paid its way. It must be taught that it was the moral guardian of the people, and not allow things to exist which degraded the people simply to bring grist to the Govern- ment mill. But people were behind the Government, und it was the duty of Christians to elect men who had an in telligent conception of Christian principles. The speaker said it was no usc for men pro- fessing to believe in that Book which said, " The wicked walk on every side, when the vilest men arc exalted," und then when the election came ta vote for the vile man if he happened to favour their political views. The Spirit of the age was democratic. The church had generally been a conservative institution. This was proved by the fact that the church was slow to admit the equality of women, and to usc thc latent energy of half of God's creation. The age was demanding equality for woman in thc church, and in thc political world. Thc age was demanding equal suffrage, no plural voting in either Parliamentary or municipal elections. The speaker declared his convic- tion that these reforms were coming, and pointed to the fact that the six points of thc charter had been gained. People objected to liberty, lest it should be abused, but .God forbid, he said that liberty should be more abused than conservatism had been »bused. Some objected to people having liberties until they knew how to use them. Tkose who made this objection were like tte fool in the story, who refused to go into the water until he had learned to swim. The speaker urged the church to foster this democratic spirit, to seek to guide the spirit and mould the thought of the age. This was the age of opportunity, the tide was rising, and if thc church were to launih out on the crest of thc wave, it would be carried out into a sea of bound- less opportunity of usefulness. If shu waited to sec how things would turn out, she might be left on the shore high and dry. I The Ile»'. W. SMITH spoke on " The Kew Woman." ile said there vue nothing new ! under the au«, not even the new womal), for when they cune to understand her, che was round to he u true daughter of Motlier Eve. There was, however, u new phase of woman hood among thesi. In future ages, the nine- teenth century would he known nt the woman's century. Whether her influence was for good or evil she WUK here, and could not he ignored. Some men looked upon the subject lightly, but, he thought the new womuu was of sulficieat importance for dis- cussion in connection with a Primitive Methodist Conference. There was u twofold Upe of (lie new womanhood of thc day. There was the Radical new woman-argu- mentative, self-assertive, impaticut, declama- tory, revolutionary, mannish, unwomanly. This was the woman that wore man's clothes, employed man's speech, and copied ?nan's vices, she smoked cigars, rode astride A bicycle, and got photographed while Bitting ' in a man's attitude on a three-railed fence. I There wa« nlso the new woman of a higher type-the type represented by such women as L-idy Henry Somerset, und Miss F. E. Wil- lard. In this higher class there waB the blending of tho highest mental and moral qualities--nil thone richer qualities that went to make up character and conserve moral force. He looked upon the new woman, not so much as a personality, as a new Spirit, a moral force incarnating itself in and mani feeling itself through woman. This new force I was essentially moral and spiritual. While | with the former type ho had but little sym-1 pathy, the latter clues commanded his reverence and confidence. As to lier origin i she was thc effect of several CUUFCB. Among thc foremost he must placo Christianity, for she was most lo the front in those nations where Christ's religion held greatest sway. The advent of Christ into human history had greatly improved thc lot of womanhood. The Methodist Church had played no small part in the production of tho new woman. \\\ hen the voice of nearly the whole of Christendom was raised against thc employment of women in thc public services of thc chuich John Wesley thrust them out into public service of the Lord, and after Wesley the Primitive Methodists valued and employed thc services of the women. Tho spirit of Christ in Methodism had struck off many of thc chains that had bound »nd eaten into thc very soul of womanhood. A second factor in thc pro- duction of the new womanhood of thc day was the higher education that had been afforded her. She waa thc beautiful daughter of a wider knowledge, the free chihl of an enlarged intelligence. He re- joiced to know that thc Nonconformists of Great Britain had contended nearly a century ago for the higher education of women, and to-day thc fruits of their conten don were being reaped. The new woman was among thom, putting forth certain claims and contending for certain rights. She claimed an equal lau- for man and woman. She demanded thc same social morality in niau as was demanded in herself. She claimed her right to enter into thc full light of know- ledge with men. She claimed the opportunity to make the best of her God-given powers, and realise her high destiny. In thu social and political world she claimed, according to her capabilities, t ijual rights with meu. No less an authority than Mr. Herbert Spencer had said, the idea that thc rights of women were not equal to those of men, was akin to thc Eastern dogma, that women have no souls, and must, be abandoned. The speaker next dwelt on thc sphere nnd opportunities of the new woman. Thc home would bc thc chief centre of influence for the new woman, for, like her older sister, she would fall in love, get married, bear children, and be thc quc?n of thc domestic circle. But the new woman would find wider spheres than het older sister. In the future the hospital, the liar, (lie hench, thc college, the pulpit, the senate should be open to her. In the near future elie was destined to play an important part in great reforms. She was bound to strike heavy blows at thc drink traffic, at legalised vice, at sweating systems, and political corruptions of various kinds. It had been said thal thc best hopes of the world were in woman. And was it not BO? Were not thc redeeming forces of the universe thc heart forces ? It was love that reigned, love that won, love that redeemer!, and the heart forces the new womanhood of thc times M as capable of bringing into play, would bu of immense service in the redemption of thc race to a better life. Some thought there was danger of the new woman falling into neglect of home and thc under rating of domestic duties. Others were fearful lest her closer contact with thc rough, cold world would rob her of those delicate winsome qualities that were tho charin and thc power of thc true womau. Others thought thc new woman was in danger of undervaluing the true place and worth of man, sud that there, indications of this already in certain female organisations. It would be a calamity if this were to grow to «ny great extent. Sex must not bc pitted against sex. They must keep before them the lines of Tennyson : " Woman's rausc ÍH man's. They REsc or sink together." Her responsibilities were great. She was bound to obtain culture and enlarge all the highest qualities of womanhood. She must retain her old heart, her fine sense of delicacy, her native modesty, her subtle charm of manner, face, and form. She must bc a woman in the beBt sense of the term. She «ai responsible for the retention of the sense of God in the whole of ber character and life. It was only as the Christ re- incarnate Him Reit in, and manifest Himself through, woman, that she could become the highest power for good. Tile Rev. 1*. ASTOX spoke on "The Sabbath necessary to an enlightened Democracy." The first thing was to define terms. A "demo- cracy " he understood to mean government by thc people themselves as distinguished from government by one as in a monarchy, ur government by a few as in an oligarchy. An " enlightened " democracy was a government by un intelligent and educated people on right and just principles. Under such a govern- ment a mun would bc esteemed for mental powers and moral excellence, and not from the name bo bore or thc coat ho wore. Money bags would not be all ; but men would bc judged by character rather than possessions. To produce Buch a state of things was thc object of thc Primitive Methodist Church, whose ministers were of thc people, and lived amongst them. In hie opinion this could never be until the eternal principles of right proclaimed by the Church of Christ pervaded society, and ruled in the hearts and lives of men. An enlightened democracy was at present only un ideal for which they were hoping and labouring. Thc Sabbath referred to thc rest duy, which . amongst Christians was observed on tho first day of each week. To him it seemed that thc Sabbath was needed by all classes and in all the changing circumstances of human life. The necessity for thc weekly rest day arose not only because of Divine appointment but because of the needs of man's nature. At a congress held recently in Parie, and attended by over .100 delegates from all parts of the world, at the close of thc first day it was with wonderful unanimity of opinion resolved that " an entire day of weekly rest is generally necea ary for thc health and vigour of body and mind of all toile» and labourers, and ie an essential condition of general fitness foi work und of prolonged life." Letters bearing witness to thc same effect were rca j from the j Right Hon. W. E. Gladstone and President Harrison. Experience proved that thu man who observed thc weekly rest day could do more work and better work than the man who worked continuously. Thc grave question however, was the kind of Sabbath which should and would Frevail under an enlightened democracy, twaselaimed that theSabbath should heepent in amusement and recreation, in the study of works oí art, and by roaming amidst thc beauties of nut ureanu I hat euch a course would be refining and ennobling. To this he ob- jected that not one in a hundred of those who professed to speud thc Sabbath in such ways were really benefited by the course they Look. Mich £ manner of upending the Sab- bath was a proof of ignorance and Hellishness. In England where there was still a great deal of respect for «tc Sabbath, pleasure-seeking cn that day lcd to thousands of persons being deprived of their weekly day of rest. Where there was the enlighfment lhere would bo the determination to claim all rights an.1 privileges to which a man thought lie had a right and un equal determination not to in friuge on thc rights of others. He wanted no Pharisaic formalism or Puritanic severity, no .Sabbath devoid of joy, dark, cheerless, and gloomy. In a world of toil thc Sabbath should come as a sweet relief, when no works should be done except works of necessity and mercy. The day, he thought, should bo devoted to thc cultivation of (he moral and spiritual nature. Such a usc of the Sabbath he looked for when they reached the desired consummation, and really had an enlightened democracy. The Rev. J. PROW SE, who was railer! upon at a late hour to speak on " Parsons and Politics," referred to the prejudice against the pulpit touching anything outside religion. He believed there was coming a better con- ception of the purpose of Christianity to touch life in all its phases, when the people would recognise the rights of the pulpit to sneak out on all questions whick touched their everyday life. The Rev. J. WILLIAMS moved a vote of thanks to thc friends at Rockhampton for the way in which they had entertained the dele- gates.-The Rev. J. BUCKLE seconded the motion, which WUB carried most heartily. A vote of thanks to the Chairman brought the proceedings to a close. 