THIS BLACK iroiiSE i Ar?7. t — » : BY L. A. SAVORY, I wan just sixteen \vhen I went to live with Mrs. Stednian. my father's -distant. cousin, who kept the Black Horse Inn . onthe S-.uilis: field turnpike, i . j . ? v. , r 1 WHS bllC- 6K16SL III SIX GilUUren, JUKI TCI til po many litiie niouLus tu fill. at is no wonder that when Mr. Stedcmui wrote that she wanteds well hronqnt up, girl, as an assist ant, not as a servant, mv parents gladlv con sented to let- nre .go, particularly as she wasa renowned housekeeper, and had the reputa tion ot making the - bestipickle3, preservers and home-made wine, of anybody in all the country round" ahont. My .duties were to assist in the sewimr, keeping the accounts of the inn, and any. other light labor which was required. , . My father accompanied me.to ,B — and saw me settled in the mail, coach;. Which1 passed through Sondisfield twice'a'week. It ? was before the. days ,cf railroads, and it was quite dark when we drew up to. the " Black Horse." where, the passengers: were., to .spend the night.' . '< \- -? ' : " The; house was large, and situated on the high road where the Sondisfield turnpike crossed, the road . from Newtown to War/., Chester. It had every convenience of yard and stable, a good garden, a fine.orchard.and a laruft farm attached. . It stood on hieA ground, and commanded a 'view for many a mile over the country. The B— -- mail-coach stopped over, night there twice a weeky beside, the daily coach from Newtown to Warchester charmed' horses there; and. all the farmers on their way- to market/peddlers and travellers, either on horseback or in carriages, always stopped at the "Black Horse," for rest' and refresh ment. Mrs. Stedman wps a tall, angular woman of about sixty ; her hair, which was white as know, she wore puffed high on her head, un covered by the cap which in those days was universal. She had bright black eyes and a high color. I have heard she was a con firmed opium eater. I think she -had the most severe conntenance 1 ever saw, and one was careful of one's' conduct before ber. There was no gossip between the men and the maids at the "Black Horse," and woe betide the luckless kitchen girl or stable boy who dared to laugh in her presence. I naa Heard her story before 1 came there. She was early feft a widow, with a beautiful daughter, whom she idolised ; but the son and heir of a rich man from a distant eity, who came to fish in the waters of the mill-dam, had induced her to elope with lllim ; k was not supposed thas.he had married her. .Her mother was a woman of high spirit, strict and proud. She never forgave the man or her daughter ; it was said she had returned their letters unopened. At all events, no one ever spoke of Clara Sted- man, and it had been more than fifteen years since the day when she fled with her young lover. Mrs. Stedman was very kind to me ; but if I had been of a lively turn, as many girls of sixteen are, I'm afraid I should have found it pretty dull in the old house, after the cheer less November days came on ; but I applied myself to learning how to make the various viands for which the house was famous, and other times I hemmed towels and table linen; beside there waB always the books fco-keep, which had to be attended to every Bight. Mrs. Stedman's room was a large one up stairs, in an L of the house ; there was a flight of stairs leading from it down to a large closet, between the kitchen and dining- room. This \loset was a sort of butler's pantry ; in it were kept' the best china and glassware, cutlery and table linen, and on the top shelves many of the preservers and jellies. A trap door led to the cellar below, where the "wines and other commodities were. I often sat at the old secretary in Mrs. Stedman-'k chamber casting up accounts or writing off recipes. It was a curious old desk, filled with innumerable drawers and pigeon holes. She often opened the drawers : and showed me their contents ; rare spices ahd drugs and essences ; costly at the time of my story, and not common yet. Mixtures for taking out stains, powders for destroying moths, and a famous poison for killing rats, which she said was never known to fail. This was a white powder, securely sealed in a glass bottle. I suppose now it was arsenic, but I did not know it then. I must have been in great favor with her or she would never have shown me all these treasures, but I think it was because I exerted myself to learn housekeeping, was quiet and sober, and had no looks of levity. It was about the middle of November. The country fairs and festivals were over for the season, and travellers who had so often stopped at the " Black Horse " during the summer were few and far between now that the days were growing short and chilly. The stage coaches .and an occasional horseman alo-ne relieved the monotony. Mrs. Stedman had her apples and vegetables gathered, her corn harvested and husked her cattle and swine killed and salted. We had fairly settled down for the Winters' quiet, when one cloudy, cold day, which seemed to portend snow, as I was sitting close to the dining-room window doing some sewing, and Mrs. Stedman was in her own room, putting away the linen from the weekly wash, the sound of horse's hoo& made me look out upon the road, and there I saw a gentleman mounted on a powerful gray horse, riding straight up to the stable door. As he dismounted, I saw he was rather a handsome man, of about thirty-eight or forty. He had a good-natured look, like one who takes the world easy, and at the same time there was a good deal of determination about his well- shaped mouth; He walked in as if the place were familiar to him, and asked if Mrs. Stedman were at home and if he could have dinner. Before I could answer either question, she came down stairs and received the gentleman with more ceremony and respect than I had ever seen her bestow upon any one. Judging from her manner, he was an entire stranger to her, I thought he glanced sharply at her, at first, and then seemed satisfied ; for he entered the parlor, which she opened for him, and in a careless way flung himself down in an easy chair before the fire, to await dinner. Mrs. Stedman seemed greatly excited. She told me to lay the table with the best linen, silver and china, and went her self into the kitchen to superintend Patty while she cooked the meal, a thing she seldom did for anybody. She sent me into the cellar for a bottle of the best wine it contained, and told me. to pour it into the niceBt cut-glass decanter. I had an idea that she had discovered the gentleman to- be some great personage — the governor, perhaps, travelling, m disgnise, and for that reason treated him with such respect. When the table was all laid, and the dinner ready to beset upon it, Mrs. Stedman told me to go again into the cellar for a certain famous pickle she kept there. I did as I was told, and she went up to her room. As I have said before, there was a trap door leading to the cellar, in the closet where the stairs leading to her room were. It was not directly under them, and I suppose I was not gone so long as she expected, for, as I came up with the pickle-jar I saw her swiftly descend the stairs with the sealed bottle con taining the white powder in her hand's ; and going to the table shook a little of it into the wineglass, and pouring some wine out of the decanter she filled the glass and called ont to me — still in the cellar as she supposed, to open the parlor door, and say to the gentle man that dinner was served. Then she quickly went up to- her room again. I was so horrified' at what I had seen that, for a' moment, I coiild notgmove ; then — and I shall never knowwhat impelled me, some thing I could not help— I rushed to the table, seized the wine glaks, and pitched it .and jits contents out of the window.. As I did so I heard a slight noise near the parlor door, and there stood the gentleman observing me. " And so that's her game, is itt he said, half to himself. He s'ocrf sqtrtuuy for a n.<i7i:eut. then ua tu me and said : ' 1 iaw the whole of it, my earl ; go ami Mrs. Stedman to come here," I >lid as. she bade me, and oresentlT she enme. Her face was deaMv pale, and her \- black eves bad an- unearthly' brightness. /, Tne geiitieman drew a step or two nearer, -and- said : : ,l:You recognise me, I see, Mrs. Stedman.'' Don't I?" she answered, in a low voice. v The eeritleman laughed. « If 1 had partaken of your hospitality, my wife might have oeen a widow at the hands of her own mother." At these words I saw Mrs. Stedman change color ' « Wife-?", she faltered, . . .. " Yes. mv honored wife, and the mother of mv children — vour daughter. Ciara. Of course i married her ; I had no intention of doing otherwise. ; " It was done privately, to kcep-it.froin iiiy father. If you had not been f'oohcMrsefily-proiid to open her letters; you would have know it long.ago. Byr George! von 're not going to'/ faint !" for Mrs. Bledioan sank down, on the 'floor 'without a word.. -. - '' : .... /; I screamed,' and the conk' and the kitchen maid came ruuning in, and . between us we raised her and . placed her on the sofa ; but presently she started tip - and. went to her own room, and we heard her lock the dooiv > - r . . . . " Missus 'has seen a ghost,' the kitchen msid said. ': . V ' ; :. . . , . The cortk hinted darkly at " spasms. V but Mr. Livingstone and .1 looked at each ocher -without a word. l Wr»11 :: T -. annnnaA T /»QTI liatro mv rlinrnu now,"; he said. lat. last. " And I must say he ate it with a better ap- .perite than I should have supposed possible under the -circumstances. He even drank some of te wine, and praised its ; tine flavor. Toward sunset he rode away, leu ng t note for Mrs. Stedman. We all wen r .t our business, for work never slacked in .that house, and the evening coach was. expect "d. It came witji the usual bustle, of changing horses and getting supper for the passeu- - gers ; but Mrs. Stedman did not appear, nor did we hear from her unt.il nearly noon the next day, when her bell rang, and the maid said Mrs. Stedrna7i wanted me. I went up to her room, and such a change I had not expected to see. Her face was as . white as her hair, aud her hand shook . visibly. She extended toward rne a long knitted purse which was filled with gold. "Alice," she said, "you are a good'g.:rl; take this, and to-night when the B— — — coach starts, go home to your parents. I; will take care that no blame is attached to; you." \ > / "I don't want money. Mrs. .Stedman, but I will go home if you will let me, and tell no one but my father and mother," I said. She held out the purse and pointed to the: door, and I left the room and ha.st.il v packed my trunk ; and when the coach was ready,, got in and started for home. My parents were very much surprised- when it set me down at the door, and they ! were still more astonished when I told my: story. Mrs. Stedman continued to keep the "Black Horse Inn" ten years longer, when one morning she was -found dead in her bed. She never visited her daughter, but I have beard that Clara and ber children ' passed a few weeks with her every summer. Mr. Livingston she1 never saw again. When her will was read it was found that \she had divided her property in equal shares between' her eldest grandson Stedman Livingston, and myself rue largest suspension Dnagein tbe world is the one. between New York' city and Brooklyn ; the length of the main span is 15D5 feet six inches ; the entire length of the bridge is 5J80 feet.' . A medical journal says : " Th<£ applica tion ot a nit of ice to the lobe-of the ear will stop hiccoughiug." All a man t who is acr customed to hiccoughing has to do, then, is to carry a bit. of ice about in his waist coat pocket, and he can cure himself in stantly. The famous boating batteries with which Gibialter was attacked in 17S2 were the scheme of D'. Aigou, a . French engineer. There were 10 of uieiu, and tliey resisted the heaviest shells and 32-pound shot, but ulti-- mately yielded to red-hot shot. Here is a good word for the women. An Eugnsh statistician has discovered that mar ried men live longer and live better iives than bachelors. Among every 10U0 bache lors there are 38 criminals ; among married men the ratio is ouiy 18 per 10UU.' When George I. ascended to the throne, the ancestor of the Duke of "Sutherland, was only a poor Scottish lord, the ancestor of the Marquis of Abergavenny, was a baron, and the ancester of the Duke of Westminster was a Cheshire baronet. All example uf deterioration in values is shown in i ne sale of the Great. Eastern for less than £25,000- The original cost of the vessel was three quarters of a million, but she was a gigantic failure from the start. The building of this ship, however, was of value in demonstrating that there was a limit in steamships in the direction of size. She has been of use also in the laying of the Atlantic cables. While those who invested their nione'y in building this ship lost heavily in the venture, they can console themselves with the fact that their loss was not alto gether in vam. The last report is that Bar- num is trying to negotiate for its purchase, with a view of converting it into a mammoth floating show. 