FACTS POR THE ELECTORS Did Mr. Whiddon .Bay at any time since | he hasf been a supportor of the present ; Government these words or anything like them : " Mr. Reid ia a jelly bag, and wo can squeeze anything we like out of him? A plain answor to this question should be given. | The Herald does not believe in Mr. Reid's proposals tor Upper House reform, nor in the referendum, yet it urges the electors to sapport the Premier in his. present appeal to the country. Our con temporary should change its liquor. . It was not all beer and skittles for the Premier at Waterloo and Darlington last night. On the contrary he was so heckled that he was ready to give, up the ghost with ! vexation. Notwithstanding his unlimited powers of generating alime he is nnnblo to b wallow tba working men of Waterloo. "If you wont yote for my man," said Mr. Reid at ths Waterloo meeting, " vote for tho labor candidate." This was rough on Mr. Anderson, who during the last Par liament was always at the beck and call- of the. Government whip. Mr. Reid: plumcsdiimsolf on his courage in dissolving Parliament when ho had a majority at his back. The statement has been mads several times in these columns, and nevor contradicted, that the Par liament whs dissolved, because " Juck" Want would not allow any labor repre- seritatives to bo put in the Upper House. Lot the Premier contradict ibis statement if he dares. Said tho Premier: " Jack Want was a little' conservative at first, but ho is now fighting this battle witb'me in a most grand and earnest manner." Jack Want is fishing somewhere in the north, and ho dospises Mr. Reid'B policy as much as the majority of the members of the Council do, ' Mr. Reid won't have protection at any price, but he iB prepared to give large State bonuses for the establishment of the iron industry. Under tho bonus system labor is not benefited in the slightest degree, whilst a protective policy is greatly to their ad vantage. - And Mr. Reid is also prepared to estab lish a Siato bank. Why does he not go tho whole bog and swallow the entire labor platform? Promises without number this mountebank will make to onable him to re tain the emoluments of office. The contention of the free-trade press and of Mr. Reid until yesterday has been that no industry should receive any assistance from the State. Why should iron bo favored und every other industry ignored? It is clear that Mr. Reid does not believe in free-trade. , ' If his bonus proposals in connection with the iron industry were adopted the result would bo that the Whole of the bonus would go into the maws of financial sharks. If the alleged ; burdens of tho Customs duties should be removed from the " backs and the stomachs;" of the 'busdrivere will the directors of the Omnibus Go. mark the event by reducing the wages of the men from 5Jd to 5d an hour ? The public are desirous that the Telegraph should answer this question. Why is it so persistently silent abont the wages of the 'buqdrivers ? Under the existing tariff, nearly every thing -Ithat Jb consumed by the working classes is free' of duty. For the purpose of humbugging the wage-earners the free-trade press has tried to produce the impression that the contrary iB the case. The immediate effect of tho .imposition of a land fax will be that the rates for shear ing wiii be reduced by at least a shilling a hundred. In other words the squatters will pass on their share of the tax to their employees. Protective duties, are the only taxes that cannot be passed on, and '.be reason is be cause they are taxes on foreign producers. ' If the Reid policy is adopted by.- Parlia ment nothing is more certain than the iacs that there will be a general fall in wages. This statement is based on world- wide experience. Paul Borget, a member of the French Academy, says that whilst all luxuries are very dear in New York the necessities of life are cheaper ihece than in any country in Europe. To that „wo , may , add"" that mechanics in New York ' o kia from 12s to 16s a day. . , Tho working then in protectionist Ame rica do not believe that their backs' and bellies are burdened by import duties. They appear to be, thoroughly satisfied' with their country and its fiscal policy. Mr. M'Gowen, has no gospel for the workers, although he has a pretty good one for himself. If the so-called reforms that ho advocates were carried out would the work ing men beiaavautaged to the extent of a single farthing a, year? Perfectly well ho knows that they would not. ; ' Tho wages of a. very, large number of the railway employees are much higher" than those paid to similar people, in1 >hc other AnBtralasiun provinces. We are glad of that. DUb U . » UV J/WSIWJ to, vwttivw uu» as to absolutely certain that the wages will bo reduced. The railways, it should be re membered, are not managed by Mr. Reid. The quostion of wages, is, really the only one thut the working men should consider. Has anybody ever proved that tbo taxing of land or the abolition of import duties would have the effect of increasing their wages ? Prestior Reid imagines he is a modern Oliver 'Cromwell.-. Hear him talk about his ancestors who presented a. bold front to the Plantagencts, Tndors and Stuarts. No doubt Mr. Reid hns as much front as any of his ancestors— and perhaps u lot more, Tbo Farramatta bakers have raised the price of bread to 3d for the 21b. loaf. Even Mr. Dowell O'Rsiily has evidently not been able to let them have that cheap free-trade loaf. ' ' In the Legislative Assembly the votee of Minis-, ere carried the first reading of the Local Option Withonp Compensation Bill. Mr. Black, the labor member; never pro ceeded with the bill dealing with combina tion laws. Mr. Fegan got loave early in the session to proceed with the Truok Bill, but was too busy supporting tho Government to eve'r get on with it. The growth of protcotion in England has contributed in no. small degree to the loeses of the Liberals in the bye elections. The Conservative victory in Mid-Norfolk was mainly brought about by the desire of the agricultural classes to minimise the rninoss effect of foreign competition. Even the Liberal candidate was obliged to flii'l with protection, but tho Conservative, being moro thorough on tho Bubject, beat-'him badly. If New South Wales doss not hurry up she will awake one morning to find that free- trade England has left her behind in the march towards protection. ' The manufacturers of Manchester still keep up tho agitation against the Indian import duties on cotton. They argue that tho alleged extravagance of the Indian civil Bervice is responsible for the necessity for increased expenditure, and consequently the imposition of the duties, India is simply regarded as a market for Manchester. Mr, Dudabhai Naoroji, M.P., says India is so poor that she haa only £1 per head to Bpend, against £7 psr head spent by Australians. If the consumer payB the duties, as free traders allege, why does Manonester-roge against India? " Answer me that, BOtr," as Privato ilulvanny says in Kipling's little etnw. 