QUIRINDI. I Lawn Tennis. — The tournament for Mr. Will ''- Manchee'B prize stands at present as follows: — Miss ? Treacher beat Mis3 M. Doyle 8 3, and Miss Hawker , x 8-3; Miss Jessie Dickson beat Miss Kemmis 10-1; and Mias E. Doyle beat Miss Hawker 9-2. , Business Sold. — It is reported, tbat Mr. Julius ?Caro, of Sydney, has purchased the stock and busi ?of Grehan's general store. jiib. J. J. x-ath. — jlhib geuneiniin uaa oeeu promoted to the charge of the Public School at Biley's Hill,. Broad water, at a substantial increase in salary. We wish him every, prosperity in his new position. ' New Vicarage. — A meeting was held on Tues day last for the purpose of arranging for a plain and fancy dress ball to be held in aid of the building fund for a new vicarage which the parishioners are desirous of eret ting for the Bev. W. H. Kemmis. About twenty-five ladies were ?present, Mrs. FJorack being voted to the chair. The decision of the meeting was to hold the ball on Wednesday, the 25th September, with a juvenile dance on the following night. Miss Verge was elected secretary. Seeing tha matter is in such capable hands, supported by a strong committee of ? ladies, it should prove a big financial success. Debating Society. — The first meeting of this society took place on Tuesday evening last. A programme of readings and recitations were gone through. The next meeting will be held next Tuesday evening, when a debate will take place on the subject — ' Is the use of machinery beneficial to the masses.' Mr. D. S. Robertson was elected Premier, having as colleagues Messrs. Curran and ' Seldon. Mr. S. C. Byrnes will lead the Opposition. 'The Ministry will take the negative. Comheuciai.. — Butter la Gd to Is GJdi eggs S\d to 7d, bacon and. hams 4Jd to 6(3, fowls Is 6d to 2s Sd, turkeys 2b 6d to 4s 5d, oranges 3d per doz., honey 3d per lb , incize 3s per bushel, lucerne buy JB4 10s per ton, sucking pigs 2s to 3s each. Deaths. — Mr. JatneB Porter died at his residence ? -on Sunday lriBt from inflammation of the lungs. HiB remains were followed to the grave by a large number of sorrowing friends. In the absence of the Rev. W. H. Kcmrais, Mr. Cadell rend the burial service.— Mr. Patrick Britton, of Walgett, brother of Mr. Thomas Britton, of Willow Tree, and Mr. W. Britten, sen., of Quirindi, also died. The deceased gentleman has been a sufferer for two years, and leaves a wife and family to mourn their ? loss. — Mr. Braggett, a resident of Quirindi, suc cumbed to an attack of pleurisy at Narrahri on 'Wednesday last, leaving a wife and Urge family. Roads' Expenditure. — The Secretary for ' Public Works hat? approved of the sum of .£10 'being granted for improvements to the crossing over Quirindi Creek on the road from Qurindi up Jacob and Joseph Creel' rond. The sum of i225 will be granted for the construction of a causeway .at the orossing over Jacob and Joseph Creek, on the road from Quirindi to Borah Creek road to the road Quirindi up Jacob and Joseph Creek. Amateur Brass Band. — An enteitihiment was ' given on Thursday evening last in aid of this band, a fair audience boing present. The stage was tastefully arranged and decorated, and everything passed off satisfactorily. Mies Annetta Scasi (late -rf the Montague-Turner Opera Company) took tho iouae by storm in all the items. Mr. CbarleB Cullon as bones, and Mr. Tom Blunchard as tambo, had fcho house in roars of Jnnghter throughout t!;e 5rst part of the entertainment. Miss Maud Logan, . Miss Aggie Lawrencs, and Misa Efcty Evans sang their parts very sweetly, and Messrs. H. Thomp- , son and J. P. Quinn alto sang. The entertainment concluded with a laughable farce entitled 'The Manageress in a fis,' the characters being as follow: Manageress, Miss A. Scasi; Pete, Mr. Charley Cullen ; ghost, Mr. Prank Smidden. Minstrel and Dramatic Club. — A meeting waB held a few days ago to form an amateur min strel and dramatic club. It was resolved that the name of the club be The Quirindi Our Boys Amateur Minstrel and Dramatic Club. Mr. Charles Bofinger was elected general manager ; Mr. Frank Smidden, Secretary and Treasurer ; and Mr. Charles Callen, stage manager. It was decided 4o offer the first entertainment in aid of tbe Quirindi Ladies' Benevolent Society. As this club will be purely for philanthropic motives, it should be well supported by all sorts and conditions of people. Bankruptcy Court. — At tha conclusion ot tne business of this court on Wednesday laBt,- Mr. G. G. Brodie said that in the absence o£ any member of the legal profession he would, as a representative of the PresB, take it upon himself to congratulate Mr. R. H. V. Allnutt npon Mb appointment as Registrar in Bankruptcy for this district. Mr. Brodie made a very neat speech, pointing out the great public convenience of the local court. Mr. Allnutt thanked Mr. Brodie and the gentlemen present for their congratulations. He believed his appointment would be of some service to the district. It would be his constant aim to carry ont his duties impartially in his position as Registrar in Bankruptcy for the district of Quirindi. Sept. 2. 