Slabs and Slices. Penrith races on Saturday. There aro between 300 and 400 educated female pharmacists in the United States. Alexander tlio Great, when on a cam paign, ate tlis onions of & coravnon soldier. Sir Walter Scott liked venison better than any other meat, and potatoes better than anj other vegetable. Messrs. E. K. Waldron, G. R. C. Neale and A. Colless sell cattle, horses, &c.;, on the Show ground, on Saturday. The imports of gold at Sydney last week consisted of bullion to the value of £58,700, making £239, 748 in that metal entered at Sydney since the beginning of the year. Supposed Stolen Property.-Sergeant O. Thorndiko has in his possession at the Court-house a purse and contents, pocket knife. 2 scarves, razor, etc. Owners giving description of any of^ the properties may have same on application. A few weeks ago a gang of eight men were cutting a road over a huge cliff at Rangitikei, New Zealand. The cook s clock, by somo unaccountable means, gained fifteen minutes during the forenoon and ho called the men to dinner at a quarter to 1. About ten minutes to 1 a dozen tons of rook fell on the spot where they had beon working, and buried all their tools beneath the ruins. At a meeting of the Mount Victoria Pro- ' <*ress Committee on Friday night, the map showing the boundaries of the proposed shire under local government was dis cussed. The boundaries were emphati cally coudemncd, as there are no revenue producing properties, leaving Mount \ ic toria and Blaokheath to bear the whole bur den of tho shire expenses. It was decided j to have tho boundaries amended, so as to include Eartley Vale and the Hartley Valley and cut out Mount Wilson. It was decided if possible, to have a conference with the Blackheath Progress Committee on Sat urday. The English cricket team arrived at New castle on Thursday evening, and were met by Alderman W B. Sharp (Mayor of Newcastle) Messrs. S. Keigbtly (president of the Newcastle District Cricket Associa tion), J. D. Beest'on (hou. secretary), C. tL. Haunell, J.P., and a largo number of cricketers. The visitors were escorted to tho Great Nortliorn Hotel, and formally received by the Mayor on behalf of the citizens and Mr. Koightley on behalf of the association. Tbe health of the team .was drunk with usual honors. Stoddart made a suitable reply, and proposed Success to to the Association." which was responded to by Mr, Hannell and Mr. Raysnuth. lhe match on Friday was looked forward to with much iuterest. Since Mother Eve got beguiled by the serpent there has been a coolness so to speak between the church and the animal which was responsible for the creation of the lawyer, the sharebroker, the book agent, and all other sorts of iniquity (writes the Millicent Times S.A.). On Sunday last, however, a fair- sized reptile so far forgot himself as to make his way way into the building at the Lutherian Church at Millicent North. The Rev. Mr. Matschoss, entering the building to prepare for the Sunday service, encountered the old enemy of mankind by the steps of the pulpit, and while still maintaining his trust to Provi dence the reverend gentleman deemed it better to get weapons, and went outside to look up a waddy. When he returned the snake left; but a search discovered him out side the building, where he was dispatched with.a dull thud. An extraordinary "case camo before the Flemington (Melbourne) Court on Tuesday, when Joseph Edward Wonson sued Samuel 'Atkins for goods sold and .delivered and money lout, and further proceeded against Eliza Atkins for illegal detention of furni ture. Defendant is the father of the girl Annie Atkins, the victim of tho mysterious acid-throwing case at Ascot Vale. A letter written by Wenson to Atkins was put in tor tho defence, in which defendant asked for Atkins's daughter Annie to live with as his his-wife, as they were both agreeable to the arrangement, aud he had ^arrived at an amicable .settlement with his wife, Mrs. Wenson, she consenting to the arrangement on condition that be. made a Kensington bu3inesss over to her. Wenson also signed over to her. Wenson also signed an agree ment, promising to maintain Annie_ Atkins so long as the girl liked to remain wRh him. The Bench made an order for the amount ot 17s Gd previously paid into court without costs, and dismissed the case for illegal detention with a guinea costs. ? One evening last week, after darkness had chased away tho twilight, it was noised abroad at Yamba that, there jvas a ghost in tho vicinity of the 1 ost Office, dressed in dazzling whiteness, and it was said that, occasionally it would dart out at timid passers-by .from a thicket, uttering a shout, 1 and then quietly retire (says the local Advocate). Not a few people, including some young ladies, received a Bhock from the eccentric behaviour of the apparition, and in'due courso Constable Redmond bore down that way to investigate. The ghost menacingly appeared as "sual. but the man in blue cloth became a little Bceptic as to its genuineness, and pouueed upon it. Tho " spook" did not dematerialise, so the con stable tore away the ghastly covering which it was found consisted of a couple, of white sheets, and thus revealed the human frame of one named Edward Welsh, who appeared a little agitated at thus being dis covered playing his joke. To prevent a recurrence of this behaviour, the. officer administered a dose of " blue paper, m answer to which the offender appeared at tho Maclean Police Court, when the Bench fined him 103 and 4s lOd costs, just as a reminder that they were of opinion such foolish pranks should bo suppressed. Strange, to say, however, the charge was one of riotous behaviour although the oonduct complained of was in the line of a practical joke. Macaulay said that'no man need ask for better food than plain roast beef and baked potatoes. Michael Angelo, during the greater part of his life, lived on the plain food of an Italian peasant. The gold shipments from Sydney last week were valued at £100,000, making £508,500 during the first geven_of 1815.. Thirty schoolboys who were skating on the Moskva Eiver at Moscow, Russia, fell through the ice breaking, and were drowned. . Five cases of cheese from the Agricul tural College, Richmond, were forwarded to England by the steamer Thermopylae on Friday. At the Central Criminal Court on Thurs day, John Arthur Andrews, who on the previous day was convicted on two counts of an indictment charging him with seditious libel, was sentenced to five month's impris onment. The South Australian railway revenue for the seven weeks of the year amounts to £135,217, compared wiih £147,755 frr a corresponding period in 1894, a decrease of £12,548. " Billy" Howell (Penrith) has been choscn as ono of the team to represent New South Wales in the Intercolonial ..cricket match against South Australia, which com menced at Sydney yesterday (Friday). The Minister for Works expects that the report of the Public Works Committee on tho J.erildorie-Berrigan railway will be ready soon after tho reassembling of Parliament. Mr Young intends to submit for reference to the committee the questions of the oon sfcruction of tlio 3?ai*lces to Condobolin and Bourke to Barringun lines, Frederick Allen was charged with unlaw fully wounding his wife by throwing a knife at her, which stuck in her forehead, at the Castlemaine ("Vic.) Police Court- on Friday. Mrs. Allen, an aged woman, gave evidence that whilst they were having breakfast, and were quarrelling, her husband tossed the knife he was using over to her, when it stuck fast in her head. She persisted that it was an accident, and that her husband did not mean to hurt her. Superintendent Perry theu altered the charge to unlawful as sault. The accused was acquitted on con dition that hepaid the doctor's and other expenses. Mr. Garrard on Wednesday took formal charge of the new Department of Labour and Industry. Ho intends first to organise the labour branch. Industry will follow. Tho Labour Bureau will be brought under the control of tho Minister on Monday next. Mr. .Garrard will also have charge of all matters arising under the Oounoils_of Oon ciliation and Arbitration Act. The vote for the department was expunged from the last Estimates. It is not improbable, how ever, that it will bo replaced, particularly if the functions of tho councils be extended. ' The monthly meeting of the Queensland Cricket Association was held on Tuesday ni»hb last. In the discussion on the ques tion of receipts in the second test match against Stoddart's team, it transpired that the' special committee of the _ Cricket Association had refused to _ bring the English team on a socond visit, and Mr. J. T.'Francis, of the Graziers Cricket Club, had personally undertaken to bring them, givin" them £850 and half the gross receipts, over £G00. The gross receipts amouuted to £808, leaving £208 to be divided equally between Mr. 'Francis and the managers o£ the English team. Mr. Phil Sheridan, one of the latter, stated that lmd it not been for Mr. Francis, ^ho Englishmen's Becond visit would have fallen through. A_" strike," against drink is one of those things which one never expects to meet with outside tho realms of comic opera, yet a movement of the kind is actually on foot at the present time in Western India, and, according to all accounts, _ is being very widely supported. It . is difficult- to dis cover the precise origin of the dispute, but apparently it lias arisen out of the practice of the liquor distillers, who have a monop oly of the sale of drink, of giving short measure. Tbio natives/protested against this for a long time, but without avail, and now, as a last resource, they have entered into a solemn league and covenant not to allow a ningle drop of alcoholic liquor to pass their lips until the Indian Bonifaces dive them what they consider their just dues. Tho boycott so far lias been wonder fully'well maintained, and the " drink bill" of some of the districts concerned has been reduced to .vanishing point. So serious, indeed, has the prospect, become for the distillers that they are getting alarmed, and are taking to circulating insidious stories attributing to the Government an intention to recoup themselves for the loss of Excise revenue they will sustain as-n-result of the strike by raising the salt duties. The oldest baby in tho world is naturally American. It was born 19 years ago in Philadelphia; and is now no older in the matter of physioal development than it.was a few months after its birth, The child is a victim of a curious disease or defect which is not unfamiliar in medical science, hut this ig one of the most interesting cases of the kind ever reported. The child at first appeared healthy and well developed. It grew and ate well. At tho ago of 8 months growth seemed to havo ceased absolutely. But it was more than a year old before the parents began to be seriously alarmed. They then noticed that it showed no incli nation to walk. Mary Frances remains practically as it was 8 months of age. It has not grown, has no teeth, neither talks nor walks. It still lives on baby food, send shows no sign of dawning intelligence. A slight increase' in the size of the head and Ilia lins is all that can be noticed. The child appears fairly healthy and olieerful, and has not developed the deformities which have commonly occurred in similar cases' Hosts of doctors have examined it, and have been unable to do anything for it.. When it was three fyears oid several of them were still of opinion that it would grow Now they have obanged their minds, Locke said that the proper breakfast for a studious man was a bit of fish and a piece of bread. The shipment of Australian cattle by the steamer Echuca gained about 1001b3 in weight during the voyage to England. Father : Everything I say to yongoes in at one ear and out at the other. Little son (thoughtfully) : Is that what little boys has two ears for, papo ? She letter of the Cairno correspondent of " The Times" relating to an offer by a Parisian journalist ot French armed support to Egypt has caused a sensation in Paris. The Khedive has inspired the native Egyptian press to charge Lord Cromer, the British Consul-G-eneral, with duplicity in distorting statements made to him at official audiences. M. Flourens, formerly French-Minister for Foreign. Affairs, asserts that England desires to strike a decisive blow in Egypt, so as to terrorise the Egyptians and obtain a free hand. In the opinion of Mr. Robertson, a cattle expert, stock sent from Australia to Eng land should not weigh more than 12001bs each, and they should be stall-fed for a fortnight before shipment. A shocking calamity occurred the others night in a school-room in an outlying dis trict of Belfast, whereby four children lost their lives and thirty others were injured. It appears that a performance described as a " costume recital " was being given by a company who styled themselves " George Arthur and Company," and as the prices of admission ranged from Id to Sd, the build ing, which is seating about 400 people, was crowded, the greater portion of those pre sent being children. As the performance proceeded, someone turned out the gas, and a panic ensued, resulting in a stampede for. the staircase. Here theaudience got jammed together, the majority of thoso in front falling headlong to the bottom of the stair case, and the others coming pell-mell on top of them. A teraible scene ensued, the smaller children being trampled upon in the attempt to reach the exit, which was found to be closed. The panic lasted for some time, and when an entrance was effected by auother door and the light turned on it was found that three" of the children were already dead, while a large number were in an utterly exhausted state. A slander aotion, in which somo reference was made to the Mount Bennie crime, was disposed on Wednesday by Mr. Judge Chomley in the County Court, Melbourne. Plaintiffs were Henry 'Thomas Brown and William Francis Brown, of East Brighton, market gardeners, and they sought to re cover damages from Mrs. Adele Dixon, a fiaarried woman living in the vicinity, for slanderous words, alleged to have been uttered by her, reflecting on their characters. The alleged slander complained of was that the defendant said, " Your uncle had a fine lot.of tenants. Those Browns are no good; the sons are great larrikins ; they have been had up and in goal for assaulting an old woman at Randwick." The defendant denied having used the words as to assault, but admitted saying that the Browns were .' a bad lot," and wore larrikins, and also that they had friends who were mixed up in the notorious Mount Eeunio orime. His Honor found that the uttorauce of the words had not been proved, and gave a verdict for the deefndant. He thought that the defcudant had spoken of the plain tiffs iu a way that she should not have done, and accordingly he l-efused^ to allow her the costs of the action. 