MINING AND FINANCE * It is imported .that a slug weighing 104 ozs. has been found' at Hogan's Gully, just outside^tbe north end of the town. * We have been isbown a specimen of chromite by Mr. Ohas. Dennys from his claim the Wheel of Fortune, three, miles south' of Coolgardie. The ironstone shows golii freely vrteii fractured. This ore usually ocpiirs in nodules or grains. The specimens under npticeconstitated a large nodule, and cany .gold »iu rmjmy oi the fractures. • The presence/of gold iu this'matrix is. we understand; very'Wre. A/durther -batch of rich specimens from the Fh'emantle lease at the Twenty-five Mile have reached town. Tliese are richer than any previously exhibited, and show visible gold' up to 75 per cent of their bulk. Mf. E. Herbert Becke has purchased Christie's half share iu tUe Siberia Reward Claim for the sum of £1250 cash. Exemptions were granted on Saturday lastix> :i the following leases. Particulars of j the. periods,-terms, and reasons were given in previous issues of The Misek:—512. 844, : 901. 1170. U 7'J. 417.1412, M92.531,5301 15S<5\. 90(5, 935. 793. li." 342. 547.250, 5711 709r <722.' 874. -KH32. -1299. 1250. 778. 1162,1073.1278. 971. 1026, 3370.1279. 58L .744, -1289. 1188a. 438. 518. 370. 383. and 774L. • ' . We acknowledge with thanks the receipt of the December report of Elmslie Limited, of 8 Wool Excliauge, CoJemau-sfcreet, 13.C. In reference to Western Australia the firm says :• "West Australian mines havej* lolled, 'bat live' ilow^^Smihg" to the front- ; again. The Australian managed companies 5 are .-the best select, butt investors should j assure themselves they are dealing with j brokers who are "conversant with the pecu- : liarities of the No Liability Act. This Act is ' an excellent one, but rarely understood here." i The'lisfcs.of companies ia the report are very j serviceable.: A French company lias been registered I whose objects are the acquirement of Aus- ! tralian mining properties, more especially ! some, of those in Western Australia. It is j —.lied.the "New Austral Company Limited," J andiias a capital of £400.000 distributed in £200'shares. Two more companies operating iu remote parte of-the earth have •expressedibeir intention of acquiring West Australian pro- _ perries. These are the La Plata (Argentine Reptiblie) Mines Limited and the Emma Company, Limited. The Callao Bis (Peru) and the Idaho we know of already. Besides these, tlierg are to be reckoned the Dickens Custer (U.S,), Oleiiroek. Golden Leaf, La " Plata* mid Opliir concessions, . A- French Trust in Westraliaii mines is " being formed. M. Symou, a Gallic expert, has alreadypaid a visit to Coolgardie, and •31. SLGoudchausseand Durand are negotiating iflie concern iu, tioadou. Our •anticipations^ some inonths since' seem likely to be realizedL ' . Miv Edmund Mitchell,, special correspoudentCtp: the London Daily Oromcle, the BritWi AuiirtdasMii and the Glasgow Merald ie in town,'and ^contributingarticles to the journals he repiveseats x)n the position and jjrpspects; of, the field, : .He expressed himself as highly pleased with what he has so far.seeii, and says also ; that the people of Glasgow are specially interested in W.A. ventures, and that a grieat amount of capital 18 li^y to .come from there to aid the development of ^ur respurc«is.' Yet . another view of the field and an idiotic ; and: untruthful one ; — "-Mr. • W. ;Wapgh, tjfi Sydney, writing from Haunan 1^,. West Australia, to a friend in Sydney respecting Coolgardie and its prospects, states that" ho. new -fields bad been discovered, and that'fossiclririg arid dry-blowing old -ivorkings is allibhat has been gorng forwaa-d for some time/past He states emphatically that no : quarbe- reef has .yet been discovered. The quartz, with payable gold that has been found has only been in the shape of narrow veins, or leaders, tliat might possibly jay.if t:Worked by.two,or three men. This howler, wpuld iHilybe so long as the patches or biincheslasted, jwliich, as a rule, is only for a'short time. A short way dowit and thie leadet or vein piuches out. Even where the speciitiens had -been found no reef existed. The loiter ^deplores, .the attempts made by. certain' int«.-ested persohs to misleaid the public tbrough tbe Coolgardie and other newspapersj-and mstances au aceount where a reef 6ft. wide was sfcruckat tlie200£t. level, which would crush, :10oz. to the ton, whereas, the writer states, not everi tbe color of quartz could be shown at- that level, to'tsay nothing of gold. He does-not believe 'there is a chauce of auy company e ver declaiiug a di\'i- i dend,; yfarns pe»ple against going -to the distiict, and mentions the facfc that the alluvial gold is found in patches only, and under circumetknces different from fiiose of auy other colony." Cassar's ghost! ,. As .ojtiieia aee us:—Mr. Thomas Kussell, of Trial Bay, wlio has had experience on all the great "goldfieids of' Anstralia, returned to Sy«iney from West Australia on" Monday (the Tel&gvdph; says),, .Unlike many of those who visited the, Coolgardie and other fields, JHr.Sussdl takes xpnte ?ian optimistic view of them.^'-And uo wonder. He landed there, lie says," with Ss- inMs pocket: now he has three good leases at tiie Black Flag. 2-S miles from Coolgardie ; two of three leases, 12 acre blocks , have lieen sent to London to be floateiL "There are hundreds of miles of gold eouhtiy." he adds, "and I believe the colony "is going .to be the richest and largest goldfeeld in tlie woridi-.j Bji^you can't pick up tlie gold; you must work for it: and you must .carry water with you, ' J You can't expect'a feather bed- to lie on «ither; -you have to chuck down your blan]£et and:lie auywhere. I've seen young fdlowB .there from Qie Government offices in - Sydney ; knew., nothing at all about gold diggiiijf or roughing It. They started out wth aicainel or two, a few pounds. aaid no experience; tliey have- come back dead broke., vjand -j. covered all ,over, with scurvy^ ohTby eating tinned , iiicker -and drinkuig oondensad "water. Itfs an awfiil countay to live in, but there is nioney tiiere, and l ifltend. to "tafee my wife and fernily to Perth, J^nd leave, them ;there while I go up :!"ilr. Russell, it is heedless j to say. i^'isometiimg like cdnieifipt Joy the = men •sfh&^niie badk fioto ^Witefea'^u^t^lia and >^rnn it dowjii" i His opinion is^that they ought; to havp stopped at home.';... j,, -fj? ; ' \- Letters in Kew York papers ^0 •'the^ jsagr^tgoldexcitement iu ^ Argen- i tine ItepfcbUcj and ^ thousands of JJid^peiitoEs aie lO^iHig'itt to iheOhnbut.T«rrifai3>yinhere,' in ithe^jinion]pf an exj>CTt Californian miner vAoh^ explored its mountains and valleys, •are tMe iichest gold yeinE m the -world, and mote yellow metal'in sight 'than-'the capital iuid deposits of the Bank of England could pay ioffe,-} fHie iJisooyeries ace in jthe ..foothills of theAaides, near the-source of theBiols egro.' Tt V/ir- autdwJ | A bar of gold weighing 22-oz. has been ! brought into town by Mr. Siigo. beiuff tin? result of the treatment of 17cwt. of stone from j j the Imperial Protection area, which is j located about 39 miles W. by S. of Mr. Margaret. The owners are now taking up a small developing plant, and reasonably hope for great tilings. .It is reported that the Lake View has crushed CO tons for 300oz. of gold. Very good work; but wc would like to know whether the stuff came out of that Leviathan j lode which is invisible to the eye. or from the 9in. rich leader which shows as plain as a pikestaff iu the main shaft. la view of ; the pereisteut booming o£ the Boulder groups now going forward, we recommend people not to lose their beads about it. Three | months heuce will settle the question. : A contributor sends us the following report ; on the Frederica Mine. G-.L.A. No. :— ; This valuable block is situate about H mile-; 8.S.E. of Coolgardie, half-mile west of the i Golden Bar mine, and about 1{ miles due : south oi! Barley's Rew the No Gammon-mine on. the north, and is on the same auriferous belt as the Australasian. Lady Emily and Lady Forest mines. Five distinct reefs traverse the block, two of which are from five to eight feet boiwe^.: walls as exposed in coiteens. The title to this -properly has only been recently secure!, consequently very little work has been done on it: but the surface showing is excec-ditigly good. Very good gold prospects arc to be had by dollyiug stone from several places in either of the larger reefs. It is undoubtedly a network' of reefs vrbieh compviec the west- i ern leg of Baylev's Reward, and J>i mv i opinion only necessitates a small workinir capital, judiciously expended, to open up one : of the best mines in the vicinity of Cool- i gardie. The manager of the New Victoria reports : —- For the week ending Jau. 2Cth. iust.. : windins machinery completed, and started a* : the latter end of last week by'tlie legal man- : ager. Mr. Chas. Sommers, who was ou a visi; . to the mine. Evervthing worked s m o o t h l v i j : : i and well. All arrangements wiil be com- i pleted. an.l in order to resume sin kino- Shaw ' shaft, and driving for the lode at the 108ft, ; level, with all possible despatch, on Wedtv>sday next, providing suitable men for the work can be obtained. Roberts' shaft stopped, owing to the men being required for work of a permanent character. Shaft 30ft. south of underlie (shaft) deepeued 25ft. (total 31ft). aud driven to the lode which was intersected at 20ft., being the propel' distance of its true bearing, 32deg. W. of X. This, so far, proves the shoot of gold-beariii-2 stone to be over a chain iu width. It is solid and compact, retaining its dimensions in every respect; stone raised being equal, if not superior, to anything opened up in the mine, which can be inspected, together with the workings, by any shareholder or visitor desiring, on Wednesday of each week. 23 | tons crushed, as reported, yielded 257oz. retorted gold. Subsequently an analysis of j j tailings and blanketings gave a return of 2oz. 9dwt. and lQoz. 12dwt. 8grs. respectively." The discovery of a rich reef four miles N.E. of Bardoc is rumored. A 15-horse-pqwer oil engine has been erected at the lvanhoe for battery work. Two good lines of reef have been struck by Markham and party, at Bardoc. The lease has been called the Lochinvar, and has already produced some good specimens. A large number of leases have recently been pegged at Weeladdie, on the road between M"t. Margaret-and Bardoc. A reef ranging in thickness from two to sf:? feet, and expected to rmi five ounces, has bejen discovered by McFie and party three miles south of the 90-Mile. An assay of stone from the Consuello (Ninety-mile) has resulted iu a return of 14oz. to the ton. The reef is 4ft thick, and is a recent discovery. A nugget weighing 6oz. 13dwts. has beeu found in the alluvial near Menzies. Mr. Florence O'DriscolI, M.P., wishes us to inform the public that the Millar Bros., who are concerned in the water scheme described elsewhere, are not connected with the firm of C. and E. Millar, the well- known, contractors. who have no representative on this field. Thus the Bulletin:—"Something lias at last beeu heard about the Wealth of Nations. As suspeeted. it is not much. It is reported that water has been struck in a shaft at a depth of 163 feet Nothing is said about the gold in the mine.: perhaps that is reserved for; another time. It is also, perhaps, considered inopportune to state that the mine hasn't been sold to Col. North or anyone else for £146,000. Nor is anything said about the extraordinary complications which have arisen by the verdict in the -case. Earl v. the discoverer, Dunn, the latter of whom has now to aceomit for all moneys got by the sale of "interests. Which, it is whispered, may mean injunctions and things m re several prominent men's bank accounts.*' Londonderry shares, writes T3w Bulletin-s London correspondent by.last mail, do not go over well'In the market, and at present are at a sixteenth dis. They arc now and then "faked up "to par, but as soon as any of the underwriting <;rowd try to slip a few | | j | ! shares .down they slump. This will make the Wealth of Nations deal difficult to engineer, and North and Co. "will have to be contented: with a. much smaller grab than they had out of the Londonderry. A Mend of minesubscribed—against my strong advice —for 250 shares, as he was told by some Interested person that hte would only have a few allotted to him, but to his disgust he was landed with the lot So much for letters of regret. I don't believe that the public took £250,000 worth of shares. It will be remembered that The Miner some time ago condemned the Jacoletti "gold mine" as being a rotten investment, and that it also rated the Government for their treatment of one Filewood, who applied for the forfeiture of a lease at Parker's Range. In this case the Premier wired Dr. Black to the effect that he personally granted the exemption of the lease to Turnbull, the defendant. Now. Mr. Turnbull, together with Alexander Forrest and John Turnbull, appear as the advising board in W.A. of the Jacoletti. An eastern journal wants to know if the Jacoletti and Turnbulls lease are identical. It seems very likely; and if so, the deal is another instance of the rottenness of the governing system in this colony. The Jacoletti mine is no good—not worthy of serious-attention; but the illegal manner in which it, or Turnbull's lease, has been retained by John Forrest for brother Alex, is a disgraceful and scandalous procedure. The following are Thursday's quotations on the Coolgardie Steck Exchange:—Arrow, 2s. s,- Is. 6d. b; Baylev's, 12s. s; Consols, -4s. s, 3s. 3d. b; No. 1 . South, 14s. s: Cosgrove's, is. s, 3s. b: Crpesus, 3s. s, 3s. b : Golden Bai% ® : I* 6 ® 'VJew, 7s. 6d. s, 6s. 6d. b : New (ooiij- , s ; - Tindars - (pin), 8s. s, 7a. 5> ; , 6s. 3d. b; Watk Sapply, JJ21. A rich reef has been found four miles N.E. of the Eedcastle Bewatd claim, which is 16 miles south of Mount Margaret. Messrs. Baker, Lynch, Murphy, ami Forsyth are the lucky finders. One 501b flour bag of specimens seen ou the claim contained about 300oz. of gold. The reef averages about three feet thick ; has-been sunk upon 14rt. : 'aud shows gold in the solid to an extent which more than rivals Bayleys at its best. Oar informant is Mr/N^ K. Sligo. who has just reached town from Lake Carey. The Coolgardie boom ia Loiidou is said to be rapidly recovering. Messrs. Miliar Brothers, tin- wdJ-kuowu capitalists and speculators, are now ou a visit to Coolgardie. having been attracted to the district with the idea of carrying out a_ big water scheme and establishing extensire crashing works at various parts of the field. If Uiey lind sufficient inducement "^"ork wlVi be o •lameuced forthwith, and £ XOO.'.'iW will bfc at once embarked iu the ; titer;: se. We (ir.J. Eeritic) understand that a company is in process ot ip.oubation. which will be -.Ik: joint offspring or Mime five or six Coolgafdie Coupanief. ' Tiw objcct is to raise by an ir-sue of ^u.0bu al.-ures of .CI Oiie:;. tor ihs purpose o: |-urchat- in^' mac"::lnery to Treat ine ore of tbe =e~Gr;il interesred Companies. Tiie boaiJ. v.-ill ha fonnai by each Company nominatiu. director. Hie prometers sue notv netro •="te Oil i'il ex;ei:t. S;iUaiV»i .:L ::i<.-.-' convonient iV of =the Compa::^-., mt.l lit-au of stiimpers are to be sent out witboiit ••leiay. The Company will also tvoat ores front outside properties. "Captain Begeiholc will. we hear, act as genera! manageT of the Company in Western Australia, and Mr Hogg has ueeu appeared cojisnicin^ eugiaeei-. In view of 'he attempt to L>xerade ailuWal diggers from tlie surface oi leases, the following paragraph from a Victorian journal is ini'ere?ting:— " A reform is ab:;ut to be made by the 3Iini«itsi' of Mines in the hope that it %viil be a benefit to miners. He considers that much of the surface area of leases held tot- quartz-iaining might be made available for working miners either by the Jc-ssee* surrendering such of the surface as is not required, or by the granting of tributes on terms to be approved by the Mining Department. This is likely to be a stipulation in future applications 'for the consolidation of leases." The Dully Xcics (Perth) says :—In the window of Mr. A. C. Coo'k. jeweller of Hay-st.. cau be seen some specimeus of stoue taken fiom the reef on the Glamhire Gol Mining Syndicate property at 25-Mile at Coolgardie. Takeo from the 65 ft. level, frou> a reef which has been followed down from the surface, and is 2 ft thick, the stone appears to be rich in fiun gold and is estimated to carry an average of 10 ozs. to the. ton. There are also some specimens from the same part v ; s Full Hand lease where the reef is loftthick and is said to be showing splendid gold all through. The syndicate, which comprises a number of Perth and Fremantle residents, have secured four leases comprising 48 acres, two of the leases being those referred to. Overtures have been made, we are informed, by representatives of London capital to purchase the properties." Stone from the Scotia mine. Dundas Hills taken from a depth of 70 feet has been assayed by Mr. B. H. Woodward and has given a return of 7 oz. 7dwts. to the ton. A contributor to the Murchison Times thug describes the impression formed on a vessel bound for Adelaide of anumberof Coolgardie boys:— "There were a lot of Coolgardie people on board. It was significant that while all the Murchison Pilgrims travelled in the saloon, the great majority of those from the city of truth and thirst crowded the steerage. Xot that there was much in the actual difference of comfort, for when men have led tbe rough hard life of the goldfieids for months at a stretch the accomodation of the steerage is actual luxury in comparison. Some of the men had good parcels of gold, one returning dry-blower showing a fine nugget of nearly 50 ozs. and another a piece weighing 35ozs. but the great majority were stone broke, and cursed Coolgardie with an energy that was quite refreshing after a fortnight's'absence from the fields. Some rather gloomy accounts were given of Coolgardie aud its prospects. Bayley's Seward was said to be crushing mullockv alluvial stuff, and the wonderful Wealth of Nations had apparently petered out, the Marltana shares had "slumped" to such an extent that they could be had for nothing. Out of all the phenomenal mines which were to astonish the world and transcend auvthing ever discovered at Bendigo, Ballarat or the Transval, there were a mere shadow. Better reports were given about Menzie's Lady Shenton Mine, and Hannairs was highly spoken of—one Melbourne boy clever, bright, and as full of fun as an Irish gossoon at his first fair, confidentially remarking that his couple of year's work there would pan out £4,000 at least. Formerly he was Secretary of the Victorian Football Association, or something of that sort, and it is not difficult to picture the immense difference in the solitary life of exile herewith its well-earned reward and that of a popular fascinating darling " toff " of the football arena. His father is Mr. Duff, for nearly 15 years Curator of the Melbourne Exhibition Buildings—a position which he still fills with the utmost credit so the son is a veritable chip of the old block. " One of the curses of the field," said a deep-voiced Coolgardian "is the expert. You know him by a khakeesuit, a compass, magnet and magnifying glass. His first qualification is to be the biggest (we omit Ms actural phrase) liar outside the legal profession." In all matters pertaining to mining of a totally distinct character to that of Victoria or Charters Towers the Coolgardians were well posted up. Those on the Irinamincka were a fine, manly lot of fellows, well set up, and apparently none the worse for having to mix their water with something not usually decorated with a blue ribbon. They chimed in with the Murchison pilgrims, and it was with mutual regrets that the first breakup took place at Adelaide." The Secretary of the Gambier Goldprospecting Syndicate (Adelaide) has received from Mr. T. H. Ayiiffe, the leader of the prospecting party, a report, dated Coolgardie, December 22, which is the most promising of any he has yet sent. He says the party have done some further prospecting, and have found specimens on some likely looking ground they reeeutly discovered about a mile south of Bayley's. Since December 5 they bad opened five reefs, andi had done 120ft. of costeening, besides sinking in tour other places. They obtained colours in one leader, but failed to trace the source of the specimens. The claim he considered worth spending £100 on. It will be necessary for the committee, if they intend to try the claim further, to take out a lease for it by January 19 : but whether they will spend £ 100 on its further development will depend on the result of enquiry. They would have felt more confidence if the names of all the party were attached to the report. 