THE GULF DISTRICT. FROM CROYDON TO GEORGETOWN (By our Special Correspondent.) The journey from Croydon to George- town is one of those experiences in a lifetime not readily forgotten. Almost the only inhabitant is the kangaroo, and most of these, finding the grass about as delectable as a barbed wire fence, have decided to migrate to less bilious pastures. Cobb and Co.'s coach is the only mode of conveyance. The coach starts early on a Monday afternoon, immediately the train from Normanton arrives, and the first half is not made until between 9 and 10 p.m. For two or three hours after dusk the coach winds along a rough bush track, strewn thickly with miscellaneous stumps, in and out among a forest of saplings, each of which would suffice to bring the vehicle to permanent anchorage if the obstacle were not charged in the memory of the driver. Now and again the limb of a tree sweeps the top of the coach, and those on the box seat have to duck their heads and grip their hats, or leave them, as John Gilpin left his wig, to follow on behind. When passing over country jet black from being recently swept by a bush fire the figures of the leaders are lost against the black back- ground. None but the trained eye of an experienced driver could, with such a background, distinguish the outlines of the leaders. Still, on such a back- ground as this, midst a small forest of saplings, with a smart crack of the whip and a " "Whoop, Commodore !" the driver will send the team ahead at a smart trot, plunging into apparently utter darkness at a speed many would hardly care to travel in daylight on such a track. Now a sharp turn to left or right evades a stalwart sapling whose branches graze the top of the coach ; now down a steep gully, rattling over boulders and stones ; then, with a shrill whoop and a smart cut at the leaders with the whip, up the opposite bank puffing and panting, the thick murky pall of night screening the leaders from the unaccustomed eyes of those next the driver. " Mind your heads, gentlemen !" and the sinewy arm of a young sapling sweeps the top of the coach, causing those on the box seat to duck their heads with more haste than dignity. Surely there are few whips who can compare with the drivers of Cobb and Co. who drive over the unformed bush tracks of North Queensland ! The fresh night air sharpens one's appetite, and there is a sense of exhilaration in plunging through the bush In the darkness with a good four- in-hand at a spanking trot. " Never look more than half-a-dozen yards ahead of the noses of the leaders, sir ; that's the secret," truly with these' whips, " Sufficient for the moment is the evil thereof ;" never mind the stump or granite boulder six yards ahead while there is a young gum-tree to be negotiated at half that distance. That's the golden rule; the inexperienced driver tries to keep one eye on the quartz boulder, as he knows that it would be impossible to shift that great mass of rock, and the other on the gum-tree, as it is not in the contract to cut it down, and, between the two, literally he comes ignominiously to the ground. Those who " have been there know how thoroughly a good boulder can mix up horses, passengers, fragments of coach and luggage, while a young gum-tree, coming fair between the leaders, stands with an obstinacy that would do credit to Balaam's ass. . As well try to drive an ocean liner overland. But Cobb and Co.'s drivers remember the golden rule, and think only about each when it is literally the Immediate " rock ahead." Thus they convey her (Majesty's mails and, what is of infinitely more importance, the bodies of her Majesty's liege subjects, safely over tracks which none but they can navigate and, in spite of skill which reminds one of the anecdotes told of the champion whips of the grand old coaching days in England, it is doubtful if even they could do it unless by constantly travelling the same road they get to know every inch of the way. At last the lights of the bush hostelry gleam in the darkness, and the hungry passengers assemble at the " table d'hote." The " hotels a long, low, bark»humpy^jl the partitions between the rooms being canvas, covered with sundry illustrations from colonial illustrated papers, with solid slabs of editorial wisdom sandwiched between to relieve the monotony. I found myself vis-a-vis with the first page of a tale which in a moment of youthful folly I wrote for a contemporary, and which apparently, like the ghost in " Hamlet," creeps round the North unburied, though had I fondly hoped that the sexton had performed for it the functions of his office long, long ago. " Thus our sins do find us out." Muttering a malediction on my literary offspring, which persisted in staring me out of countenance, I sat down on the wooden settle. A leg of roast fowl lay before me, and I soon found that, as Mr. Jack would say, the bird was a survival from an ancient geological epoch : it was either a Palaeozoic duck, or a Mesozoic chickens could not tell which Nature, fortunately, having provided me with a good fifteen head stamper battery, I got the crushing through all right. After giving the battery a good run on various other comestibles, not omitting to sample a pint' of good tea, I lit a. pipe and felt equal, after the performances of the evening, to tackling next day an alligator steak with the scales on, if need be. The bedsteads in these roadside hostelries are ingeniously made out of saplings, a branch laid between the forks serving well for rails for the mosquito nets. Strength, if not elegance, is insured by this arrangement. Sundry old packing cases, with discarded prospecting dishes for basins, and buckets for ewers, do duty as washstands. The hard' rails of the bedsteads are covered with skins of 'opossums and kangaroos, and on these are laid the mattresses, stuffed with straw. Candles are provided, but are hardly necessary, as moon and stars peep in through numerous chinks and crevices in the roof and walls. Nevertheless, after enduring the tender mercies of a bush road for eight or nine hours, one. sleeps well. At 3 a.m. the horses are yoked up and a start is made by the light of the morning star, which is far too low candle-power to light the track decently. All that day, with a short stoppage for meals, the coach travels along. It is a desolate region, and save for a homestead scattered here and there, there is no sign of settlement. Not even the thrifty Chinaman could "make the metamorphic rock sprout into cab sages." The few homesteads one sees are located on an odd patch of alluvial soil, by the banks of the rivers rivers of sand just now. Occasionally a plain turkey is seen. The coach stops while; the shooting sticks are got ready. The shots fly, and so does the turkey, but in opposite directions. On again once more, while the marksmen explain that it was the cartridge deficient, or the turkey was not where it should have been, and where a well-regulated turkey would have been, or it would now have rested on the top of the coach instead of eating grubs on the plain. About 4 p.m. the country changes : huge boulders of granite are seen, passed one on another like the stones of a Druidical temple, only of different shapes. Huge boulders of many tons weight are so delicately poised that they look as if a strong push would throw them down ; but these weather-beaten rocks have stood for centuries, and will stand for centuries more. At last we reach THE DURHAM. This property was sold to an English company, and for a long time crushed regularly for 3oz. to the ton. The company, however, kept up such a gorgeous establishment that even these munificent returns did not avert liquidation. The mine, with a battery of twenty head of stamps, was sold for a trifle over the cost of the iron used for manufacturing the battery. It is now being worked on tribute by experienced local men, and in the future has probably a long career of prosperity before it. The camp wears a busy aspect. Several smaller shows are being worked in the vicinity of the big mine, and one or two good crushings should suffice to set the index on the dial at " full speed ahead." A short run of some five or six miles, and the driver points out the first glimpse obtainable of GEORGETOWN. The capital of the Etheridge is not a very pretentious-looking place. It is built on the bank of the Etheridge River, and is a picturesque little mining township. When the Etheridge yields up its talents of gold and shekels of silver, the buggies of the rock squatters will roll along its streets. Now nothing more pretentious is seen than the humble buckboard. Then it will be clothed in purple and fine linen ; new It wears moleskins and crimean shirts. I could not hear of any capitalists who had any capital, even in the shape of an overdraft. All live a life of laborious toil ; all meet on the basis of perfect equality ; In fact, Georgetown moves and has its being in a democratic atmosphere. The principal buildings in the main street is " The Monitor" mill, and so far as I could see, the muffled music of the stampers is the only orchestral music the town desires. Being in the main street it is laid on free to every house. No need, as in Bellamy's Utopia, to touch a button to listen to the concord of sweet sounds." There is no such thing as switching it out of circuit. The fine arts are represented in Georgetown architecture by two shops with carved cedar fronts. Banking is represented by the Bank of New South Wales, which is housed in a fairly commodious building. Burnell's Hotel is a roomy and commodious structure, and the accommodation is fully as good as any reasonable man can desire. Two or three of the other hotels and stores are also good, spacious buildings. The courthouse and post and telegraph offices are fully equal to the requirements of the district, the former more especially, as sobriety enforced of im pecuniarily is not calculated to Sontri but much to the Consolidated Revenue. The railway, if extended to George- town, will give a great impetus to the district. Enterprise on the Etheridge Is crushed by excessive freights. The field is practically isolated from communication with the outside world. Hence its vast mineral resources The undeveloped. The minimum freight from Townsville Is £12 per ton, which on heavy machinery is a prohibitive tax. The mere freight on a boiler of engine of any size from Townsville to Georgetown is more than the cost of the article landed at Townsville. A mining district cannot be developed without machinery. The freight alone on a fly-wheel weighing "five tons Imported by the Etheridge United Company exceeded £100. Since that was the freight on the fly-wheel alone, what was the freight on the whole engine ? Doubtless more than lip landed Set In Townsville. None but a few companies with large capital could ever dream of Importing machinery under these conditions, and the only chance for smaller men has been to wait until the onerous conditions of mining under such circumstances bring about the only too probable result-liquidation. Quicksilver, steel, wire ropes, castings-In fact, almost everything necessary for mining and milling is exceedingly heavy, and the freights, in consequence, swallow the proceeds. Given railway communication and the rich natural resources of the field would insure its permanent prosperity. 