CURRENT TOPICS. Sir Henry Parkes followed his customary didactio vein in dealing with the toast of 1 The Parliament " at the banquet to tho Mayor on Thursday last. The vennrabla politician made bis usual claim for personal probity in politics. What excited his severest reprobation was the spectacle of membcre of Parliament dangling at tho heels of Ministers for tho purpose of. obtaining favor's for friends and constituents. Wo are quite in harmony with Sir Henry Parkes that this is a degrading adjunct to our politics ; but, taking a large view of human nature, there are many circumstances which must mitigate the severity of our juagnicut on this weakness. Many members ato in- ducod to seek the patronaqe of Ministers for frionds and constituencies because unless they adopt this cou:bo their citanco of con tinuing in Parliament is' remote. We' arc quite prepared to believe that Sir Henry Parkes has bsea ' a consistent exception to the majority of members, and that tho fall of his foot as a suppliant ior Minis terial favor has been as rare in the publio offices as ho claims. But was he quite candid in his suggestion that ho has been altogether iuuocent with regard to that intercourse between members and Ministers which ho objurgates so vigor ously 1 There aro two partias to this ignominious intercourse— the member who has favore to seek nnd tho Minister who has favors to dispense. Which of the two is the guiltier— tho politician who gives Ilia; inde pendence for Ministerial patronage or tho Minister who is willing to purchase that independence— is a nice question oi iri orals into which it is not necessary to go ; but as to which is the mors tniiohiovous there cau be no doubt. It is tho party who has tho most power, . and. this, of course, is tho Minister who. has favors to give away. The thing to bo most condemned is not the weakness of the members who avail thorn ( solves of a bad system; but, first, that system itself, and, seaond, tho men who have maintained it and used it for party ;pitrposes. The deplorable tendency ot private members to hauut the Ministors' rooms would have becu practically destroyed long ago had a propor system of local government been introduced. No man had such opportunities for the introduction of this measure as Sir Henry I'arkes. He has never satisfactorily explained his omission to deal With it. When he doBcants on the years of office which have fallen to his lot does tho thought evor striko him that tho just crltio must call him to account for tho neglect of that necssary legislation tho opportunities for accomplishing which those vaunted years oi office afforded him in buoh abundanco ? Nor can his ghost complain if hereafter his inaction is construed in a light discreditable to his reputation. It would bo a doublo stroke of misfortune if Mr, Slattery's retiremonl were followed by tho loss of the Boorowa seat to tho pro tectionist party. Boorowa has all along been a protectionist oiectoratc, and for mauy years has remained loyal to the policy of oncouraging native industries. As w com munity of farmers it could hardly havo beo'n otherwise. Latterly, however, tho labor olomont in the electorate has threatened the citadel which tho wiles of foreign-trade could never capture, and in the last election Mr. S lattery had a sufficiently exciting i struggle with tho identical labor candidate 1 who is now in tho fioitl. Stiff the electorate! of Boorowa is emphatically protectionist, and if the votes of tho majority aro not split the now member must be of tho sams fiscal faith as tho lato one. Of the free-trade candidates who propose to contest the teat it is not necessary to take any account. It is ' the 'labor candidate that is to-be feared, and in the struggle to retain Boorowa for pro tection there must bo no waste of voting strength. Loyalty to party is indispensable in the coming contest. The bsBt man to fight the protectionist battle should be selected, aud all others should Bland aside. With two protectionist candidates in tho field the seat must go to labor. There is no escape from it. The disasters of the general election at Young, the Tweed and half a dozen other electorates will bo repeated, and the solidarity party will gain another stronghold of proleotion. If the selfishness of candidates maintains more than one pro tectionist in the field, then the duty c: pre serving the seat will devolve npon the Boorowa electors. They should came to an agreement among thomaelves, or in conjunc tion with the Parliamentary party, as to tho candidate worthiest of support, and the voto should be cast solidly for him. If the vote be fraotured and split the majority of tho electors will find themselves without repre sentation until the next election. This disaster would indireotly -strengthen the hands of the free-trade Ministry, whose free-trade and land tax proposals tho Boorowa farmo'rs have such good reasons to dread. It is almost too early in Mr. Lees' mayotal career for the voice of criticism to make itself heard, bat a word of advice is always opportune, provided it is necessary. This advice bis Worship apparently stands in need of just at present. Iu his obvious and very laudablo desire to please all citizens Mr. Lees has allowed himself to be seduced into promising the Town Hall for a meeting of soma new labor organisation captained by Mr. Harry Foran. In a sense tho Mayor has protected hiuiselt by stipu lating that nothing of a "personal or politieai " nature is to bo dis cussed, and that tho resolutions to be.thoved are to bo submitted for his approval. But granted that these conditions are satis factorily carried out, what claim lias this now development of agitation upon the civic hall? Surely Mr. Foran and his.friends could meet U3 satisfactorily and speak ai' convincingly in the Domain as in tho Cen tennial Hail. The public park is tho proper place for meetings of the kind. It was in the open air that O'Connell and Farnell, and Cobden and John Burns addressed their greatest meetings, add surely what was good enough for such - men shouid not bs dospiicd by tho Sydney agitators.- What is this now organisation,; . and what tire its objects ? Of these things we know absolutely nothing, and concerning them we -tire not perishing of curiosity. The people's hall is for the purposes of.. tho people, and should not bo given to facilitate the propagation of the views of any scction of the community- agitators or otherwise. It should - hot bo grantod at all Unless for' important .. gatherings of interest to tbo whole com munity. Wo are not- too rash in con- clnding that the now organisation, is of no interest whatever to tho majority. of ' tho citizens, and there is good rouson for. believ ing that the views of ' this' most recent of " organisations " could be voiced. adequately enongh in tho Domain. The Mayor ktas made a faiso step in this matter., The latest addition to the roll of the Privy Council is the South African poiiiieian, Mr. Cecil Rhodes. Tho Cape Premier in a most interesting personality; with a ;spioe of Monte Christo in his marveilons career.' No othor colonial' statesman has had such bril liant opportunitios, and it is a question if any others could havo (risen to' them with equal capacity and resource. In business maltorB alone his success has. been superb. Ho is chairman of the giant.Souih -African Company, and founded the great diamond trust out of which ho has mddo his many millions. As Premier of Cape Colony ho has mado large additions to the -map of tho Empire, the latest of which is Matnbeleland; the history. of whoso conquest ' is still wet with blood. He has ono project for the unification of tho Boor'and British' elements in Mouth Africa, brilliant ua .andacions; another for the wholesale civiiisntion of the natives, and a huge 'scheme for extending the possessions of Grunt Britain right across the Dark Continent.. With the ptoposals of this aggressive and dominant mind tho British Government can only passivoly. fall in. Later African politics havo been only a manifestation of his activity. As far. as that territory ' is concerned , the Imperial Government has existed niaihly to- register the doods of this extraordinary' personage. On the few occasions upon which tho British Government thought fit to disagree with his projects this Cape - lion growled sotiie thing liko a threat of separation, and Was promptlygiven his own way. The.latestnowa is that Mr. BiiODESis interviewing the'Sultan of Turkey with a view to obtaining his assist ance iu destroying the Muhdi. To-conven tional politicians who' muko b fetish of custom and constitutions there is something hooking in - the spectacle of this colonial Premier going outside the Colonial Offico and the Foreign Offico -and ..making agree ments on his.otvu account with independent Sovereigns.- Tho qucBtion is, how long will this meteoric career last ? Will Mr. Rhodes bo permitted to osrry on his. independent and audacious poliey until it onild in disaster or dazzling success, of will the Im perial Government be forcod to endeavor to suppress this colonial satrap wlic uaurps more then regal powers? And ; jf this attempt is made wili Cecil Rhodes tear Africa from its place in the Imperial posses sions? It is really- hard to deoido whether the honor just conforred upon him is to bo regarded as a reward or a pence offering.' 