BREVITIES. Towong Shire Council meets next Tuesday. Cydiug clitb formed ut Beeehworth. Another attempt ut incendiarism ut Warr numbool. American Indians have massacred 7d families. George Gibbs, a Bendigo mining pioneer, died on Tuesday. Rev. J. L. Phillips, Presbytermn, died suddenly at Casterton. French Government deporting more con victs to New Caledonia. Concert in aid of Albury Hospital at Bc thangn to-morrow night. Young mini at Mackay (Q.) found suffering from leprosy and removed to lazaretto. James Muter, buker, died suddenly nt Stanley on Friday. Heart disease. Committee of Beeehworth Hospital deploro a serious falling-off in private subscriptions. 100,000 blocks of New South Wales timber ordered for paving streets in Westminster, England. Ex-constable Miles, well-known in Beech worth and Bamawartlia, died at Beeehworth last week. The legality of bequests for musses for repose of souls of testators is being tested in Supreme Court. Sarah Bernhardt, tho great French actressy is great on “ wild pets.” She has just given £1000 for a lion. The subterranean fire in Block II initio,. Brikon Hill, is still smouldering. Work, wilt be resumed this week. A bad sign f Yarmwonga district farmers forming an association for protection against sheep and cattle-stealing;. Detective 1 vac be, of Sydney, acquitto 1 of manslaugliterof Ernest Gill, whom he injured while making prisoner. At Hay show, prize for rabbit-poison dis tributing machine was. awarded to limuUo and M’Millan, of Mansfield Three Stawell boys fined for docking horses’’ tails without authority of owners. Tho boys; sold the hair for pocket-money. Horsham farmer named Pluekhahn found dead in his paddock- Believed to have been worried to death by a vicious pony. Two minors at Reedy Creek narrowly escaped being burned to death through tlieir tent catohing fire while they were asleep. Trappers in Yackandaudah district are sending 5 tons of rabbits to Enron weekly. Others are- trapping- for skiivg and are making good wages. Yarrawonga people are trying hard to get a local clergyman to offer himself for muni cipal honors. The minister’s name is Rivett. Mr. John Taylor, a Tasmanian sheep breeder, has shipped to Cape Town a stud ram and ewe valued together at £120. At Nagambie, a colored man named Jimmy Goolip, finding liimself too old to work, took arsenic and ended his earthly anxiety. W. li. Hargreaves, surveyor, of St. Hilda, aged 51, hanged himself in ai fit of des pondency, consequent on his. inability to. obtain employment. A civil service co-operative cash store about to be established in Melbourne, under- aus pices of Public Service Non-clerical Associa Phonetic Society formed in Melbourne, for the purpose of experimenting and proving the value of the system of spelling by sound for educational purposes. Railway disaster in North of' Franco Train oonveying Roman Catholic pilgrims; was derailed, 37 persons being killed and injured. Queensland Railway Commissioners nccept tender of Mephan Fbrguson, Melbourne, for erection of cold storage machinery. Price, £4332. Now South Wales elections result in a. Ministerial majority. Parkes and Dibbs both rejected. J. Hayes and W. J. Lyne re-elected for the Murray and Hume respectively. Some misguided galoot is acting the ghost about Melbourne. He is “ playing the devil” until the aid of sulphur, frightening-women and children out of their wits. Consequent on receipt of anonymous letters, indicating foul play, Sydney police exhume body of Henry Conroy, who died after a quarrel four months ago. Examination of body proved rumors to be foundationlcss. Two men woro burgling a Praliran shop, when they were surprised by two employes. ,Ono of the latter fired a revolver, and scared one of tho robbers into snrreijder. Solicitor W. H. Roberts, of Williamstown, suspended from practice for 12 months, for misconduct. Lawyer Johnson, of Soymour, put down for two years for defaulting client’s money. Empire Hotel, Palmerston North, N.Z., burned down. Two men burnt to death while trying to escape. Ono was a hawker named Walker, aged 34, a recent arrival from Victoria. At Gundagai, N.S.W., Ada Field aged 61, strayed from home on Tuesday last week, Head body found on Saturday, five miles from home. Poor child had died only about half an hour before discovery. Preston farmer named Geo. Staples, aged 33, killed outright by explosion of a gun. Tho charge entered under tho chin and passed right through tho head. Ho was about to shoot a cat when tho catastrophe occurred, Inquest into oauso of fire which recently destroyed the ship Hilaria resulted in a verdiot that tho ship was wilfully fired by the second mute and the watchman, both of whom havo since been arrested and com mitted for trial. In connection with the Rosenfold customs defrauding case, M. Rosenfeld gets nino months’ hard labour, and fined £500 ; Davis and Benjamin, six months’ gaol, and a fine of £100 eaoh; and Stan way six months’ gaol, and fined £50. Treasurer Turner delivered liis Budget statement on Tuesday. Shortly put, the position is that the year which ended on Juno 30 closed with a deficit of £115,000, but it is expected that next year will close with U ol'cd.it balance of £12,UUQ, 