A Strange Friendship 'CHAPTER III.— (Continued.) ' Thero was no carpet on tho floor of the room, only a square of cocoa-nut matting ; upon this stood a common deal table, covered with a cheap Kinu or table-cloth. A tew painted chairs, a roughly-put-together sofa, and the one handsome and comfortable easy-chair in which I was seated, made up tho entire furniture of the room. Yet there were two or three details noticeable, on a second glance, not con sistent with the Rtrict economy which had apparently been studied in. the arrangement of the whole. On the mantelpiece stood two costly Venetian glasses filled with boautiful bouquets from the garden ; the sofa had several magnificent opossum-rugs and bearskins thrown across it ; the curtains looped back from tho window w.ere of the finest satin damask and there were some shelves of beautifully-bound volumes in one corner. Taken altogether, it was a strange and careless medley of elegante and coarseness. Two-thirds of Mr. Ains- leigh's surroundings might have been taken from a kitchen, the remainder from a handsome drawing-room in Borne stately mansion. The flowers upon the mantelpiece, however, once seen, engrossed all my attention. I had scarcely had a flower in my hand since we had landed. Fol lowing tho direction of my eyes, it seemed suddenly to dawn upon Mr. 'Ainsleigh that we had as yet no garden. " "Would you like somo flowers, Miss Dolly 1" he asked. " If you will come out with me, I shall bo delighted to gather you any you please." We stepped through the glass door which opened on to tho verandah, and walked out into the garden. In the distance we caught a glimpse of Made- laine Ainsleigh and Violot sauntering slowly together among the trees. Once or twice Madelaine's laugh sounded clear and loud- They seemed very merry. My companion stopped to listen for a moment, then colored through the sunburnt brown on his face, and with an impatient gesture threw away a verbena he had just gathered. A minute after I thought the pathos of his dark grey eyes more strongly defined than I had ever seen it yet. They seemed to glance at me with a i mute appeal. I could have fancied j that they were saying — " Don't hold me responsible for all my sister says." My hands were full of flowers by this time, and I was conscious of an odd anxiety that Violet would come in, and that we might shorten our visit. She was not to be seen, how ever, at present, and Mr. Ainsleigh took my flowers from me, to fasten them, as he said, to my saddle for safe transit on the ride homo. " I know which horse and saddle are yours quite well," he said, with a Bmile on his lips. " I have seen you out riding before now." It was a very quiet remark, yet I felt clearly conscious that he had paid me a compliment ; and somehow the knowledge was not unpleasant. When Mr. Ainsleigh came back he found me studying the titles of the books on tho shelves with interest ; I was too shy to take a volume down to look at it. " Do you see any that you wouid like, Miss Dolly 1" ho said. " I know you are a bookworm, and any that I havo are at your service." I put my hand out eagerly for a volume of Dickens's, and Mr. Ains leigh reached it from the shelf — it was rather a high one — immediately. As he opened it for a moment at the title-page, a name and a few words written on the fly-'eaf caught his eye. ?.u an instant, with a muttered ex amination beneath his breath, lie had torn ou: the page and crushed it up in his !i:<nd. Of le I did not appear to notice tint f.O i'.i:-. and lie also ignored it. Bat he ait! nc-i at tho timo offer mo any lii'-'-iO be :s — perhaps lie wished to moke bLiic first that they had not any secrets written inside. Violet and Madelaine did not come in from the garden until the very last moment, and then thoy took an affec tionate ienvo of each other. When I shook hands with Madelaine she crushed my fingers as before with a rather foo cordial squeeze. After we had ridden off on our home ward way, my first discovery was that mv bouquet, which was fastened to tnv saddle with great ingenuity, was wposing in a very handsome holder or ailvor filigree. " Mr. Ainsloigh must have put it thero — what shall I do with it 1" said X And then involuntarily I added, " Oh, Ilnrry, do you think he is as poor as he seems ?" " I'm sure he is," put in Violet. " That poverty-stricken apartment leaves no doubt of it. Of course the bouquet-holder is a romnant of better days — you must bo sure to keep it, Dolly. I think it was a very delicate attention of his to put your flowers in it." " It's all stuff about his being poor I" said Harry decidedly. " I'm pretty certain he is nothing of tho sort. I was tnlkiug to him to-day about a matter of business which he and I have both an interest in, and I could see that he did not caro a straw whether he gained or lost by the tran saction." And then Harry, too, udded, as Kate had done, " I wonder who the Ainsleighs are, and what pr rt of Eng land. thoy come from." CHAPTER IV. Alan's Siohy. In the utter dead weariness which lies upon me to-night — blank darkness within and without — weariness of mind so great that whether it is only of the mind or of the body, too, I scarcely know — I have taken up my pen to try to write some almost neces sary letters home. It is of no use ; I cannot carry out tho inteution.. I have been out now for those tv/o years, and borne this intolerable martyrdom, which presses upon me at times with a weight almost too great for endurance, all that time. It wants still almost a year to the blessed moment when tho period to which my promise extends will have elapsed, and I shall be free once more. Free? Yes. But of what use will: my freedom be to me then 1 I have no object in life. Except that I shall no longer bo a living lie, what shall I have gained ? Yet a vision of something that might have been rises before me as I write. If I had met her earlier in my life, or if I had not been heart-' broken by the time I was thirty, striving to keep my promise to the dead ! But I have kept it— to -the ' letter and to the spirit. Do you know it, Eleanor, I wonder 1 If the ghost of your sad, pale face could rise before me now in the gathering darkness, I could meet its eyes as fearlessly as ever. I promised, and whatever it has cost me I have kept my word. Although thuso people avoid mo here, they none of them suspect that I am not what I seoni. They think — if they think about mo at all — that I i am a man struggling with poverty, i The carefully-chosen shabbiness of my | surroundings, the fact that I keep no manager, but transact all my own busi ness myself, leads them naturally to this conclusion. I intended them to think so. It makes our secret — our hateful family secret — more secure. It throws them ofi the scent. And what is it to them if all the money I spend ou this New Zealand station — be the losses what thoy may — is of trifling importance compared to the yearly income of Oarewe of Curtis ICnowle 1 My old name — my real name — how odd it seems writing it once more ! The other day, when I offered Miss Somerset a book from the shelf, I saw my name io full inside — " Alan Oa rewe, Curtis Knowle. The gift of Eleanor Carewe," and the date. It seemed to flash on my eyes at that moment like a forgery. I tore tho leaf out, and then stood like a fool, without the sense to make some plau sible excuse for my apparent rude ness. But Dolly took no notice, like a thorough-bred little gentlewoman as she -is. It is some weeks ago since I saw her first. . I heard a great deal of talk going on among the fellows round about concerning tho Somerset girls, and at first I had intended not to make their acquaintance at all. But Madelaine was unusually trying, vowing that, if I would not come, she would go over herself and seek them out. So at last, one evening, saying nothing to her of whore I was going, I rode over to Somerset's place, deter mined to judge for mysolf of what quality of womankind thoy were. When Violet Somerset came first into thd room, my instant thought was that she certainly possessed unusual beauty ; the next, that she did not im prove upon acquaintance ; tho third, that she had been greatly overpraised. Sho had beauty, it is true, but almost entirely of color, not of form, Her hair is of a rich golden color, but the shape of her head is ungraceful ; her eyes are bright blue, but hard; and she is also too tall and too thin for my taste. But after her thero glided shyly into the. room and endeavored to con ceal itself in a corner a little figure which raised again tho credit of the family in my eyes. A demure little pale face, soft and round, with dark eyes both sweet and merry, darker hair than the other girl's, but quite as much of it, and a figure just the height I most admire, with just tho requisite roundness of outline — this was Dolly — " our Quaker sister Dorothea," as Violet Somerset called her, and lnughel - ' Sho did not come forward at all ex cept to make the tea. After that was over sho kept almost entirely in her cornor. I dare say sho never knew that I looked at her once. But her face haunted me after I had gono away. I saw it before me in the darkness all tho timo as I rode homo that night, and I caught myself wondering again and again what it was that constituted its especial charm' " Sweetness and light." Yes, it had both of these, and in a certain honesty of expression offered such a marked contrast to tho false and evil face wait ing for me at homo. Ah, woll, it might have been once, but not now. Once I might have been a happy man," if I had met with Dolly Somerset earlier in my life; now it is too lato. Could I ask her to marry me with that fatal family secret hanging like a millstone round my neck — with a lie in my right nana i I hear Madelaine singing in the next room as I write. Apparently she is in a very good humor to-night. She doos not like Dolly; she told me so plainly, but she ouIIb Violot Somerset " a nice little thing." As long as Violet humors her I have no doubt thoy will get on well together ; but if otherwise, let her be ware. However, I must be on my guard that this friendship docs not go too far. On my guard I must be too against myself. It will not do for me to go to that house too often — better, perhaps, if I never went again at all. But I think such stern self-sacrifice as that amounts to is scarcely neces sary. There is no harm in my seeing her sometimes, no harm even if I were so weak as to allow myself to love her, so long as it does not affect her happiness at all. For anything I know to the con trary, she may be engaged already — nothing is more probable. And in fact the truth is I don't think I could keep away from her now if I tried. ' Madeleine is certainly an admirable rider. To-day, as she cantered off, her figure swaying easily to her horse's Btridc, I was tempted — oh, how awfully tempted ! — to wish that it might stumble and throw her, and rid me of tho evil genius of my life at a blow. It is best not to write about this any more. CHAPTER V. Alan's Stobv. I went oVer to the Somersets' to day. Dolly was busy in the kitchen. I think she is always busy, doing Violet's work as well as her own. Violet was amusing herself in the sitting-room. She was very gracious to me when I went in. She is always gracious, though she does not look upon me as very eligible. She does not see below tlie surface, and my coarsely- furnished room and shabby old shoot- ing-ooat have . deceived her as com pletely as I could wish. Nothing but what glitters is gold with her, but still she makes herself agreeable to me, because she is one of those girls who love to try to conquer for conquest's sake alone. It is of no uso, Miss Violet. I have met dozens like you in the old days, with match-making mammas to back them up in every manoeuvre; and very hard they tried to make an impression upon my unsusceptible self. I was a " catch " then, and I suppose I am now, after a fashion. But no one evor yet made me feel her power in the least except one who did not try to do so. I bore Violet's mild gossip as long as I could, though I soon grew very weary of it, as I always do, and I was obliged to have recourse to many in genious contrivances to conceal my yawns. At last, unable to endure it any longer, I rose, said " good-bye to her, and walked out ; only, instead of opening the front door on the right hand, as I should have done, I turned deliberately to the left and maroked straight into the kitchen. Lizzie, the cook, stood still in the centre, aghast at my unexpected apparition ; and Miss Dolly, after one look at me, blushed up to tho roots of her hair and began to luugh. She had on tho neatest little hollund apron, with a square bib in front, that I ever saw ; and her sleeves were rolled lip high ou her pretty aram, which were well dusted with flour. It was a very uncommon and piquant costume," and I would hot have misted the sight of it for the iVorld ; conse quently, though I Apologised, I did hot feel at all penitent for my ungentle- manly behavior. " I beg your pardon, Miss Doliy," I said, shaking hands with her witli praiseworthy gravity ; " I was going out at the front door, and it seems I mistook my way. But, now that I am here, pray hiako iho of somo use." " You shall stone some raisins, Mr. Ainsleigh;" said Dolly ; " they are for our plum-pudding to-day. I won't ask you to stay and eat it, out of pity for your teeth." Her byes we're dancing with fun all the tiine; " That is a very malicious insinua tion," I said ; "and I intend to stay, unless you turn me out." " That will depend entirely on how you behave," she returned ; and I saw by the sparkle of her brown eyes that she had found out perfectly well by this time that" my entrance into tho kitchen was not an accidont, but that I had done it on purpose. However, I managed to ensconce my self behind a china dish well strewed with raisins, though what I was ex pected to do to them 1 had not the re motest idea. Still it was my strong hold, and as Jong as I could pretend to be occupied with those raisins I had no intention of being turned out. (to be continued, ) 