A RUSSIAN LEGEND. IT may not be generally "known .(writes the London GLOBE) that M. Adolphe Badin, thefiistorian, has written an interesting work on St. Petersburg, in tbe coarse of which he relates a curious ghost story connected with 'the Imperial family, which caused great sensation among the credulous a few years ago, and which still affords food for the gossips.' It took place In the Church of St. Isaac, which contains, among other relics, a statue of the Holy Virgin, covered with precious jewels offered up to her fcy the. faithful. . It appears that not long after the death of Alexander IL a peasant was interrupted in "his prayers by the sudden appearance of a phan tom which rose before him. It was that of the assassinated Em peror, who wore the same blood stained mantle as that which he had on at the moment of his tragic death. The spectre walked slowly to the statue, knelt down, prayed for a few minutes, and then van ished. The peasant, stricken with terror, was able to follow the move ments of. the mysterious visitor, and felt sure that he was not dream ing. Still trembling he described , his adventure to the verger of the church, who shrugged his shoulders and said he must have been drunk at the time, and had taken his vi sions for realities. The verger nevertheless reported the event to his superiors, who naturally laughed ^ at him. But on the following day the ghost reappeared. Again he advanced " the statue and prayed, raising .his hands towards Heaven. This time the verger was there, and confessed that the peasant had not made Ha fool of him. He did not, however, lose his head, and though.-, afraid id " approach the phantom himself he called In some of his colleagues, who, like him, felt stupified at the sight. The Czar seemed to cast a sorrowful glance at them, and then disap peared behind a pillar. The wit nesses of this strange scene made their declaration to the Grand Marshall of the court swearing to the truth of what they had seen. On the next day this same ap parition occurred, On this occasion the spectre not only prayed to the Holy Virgin, but also walked round, the church before vanishing. No doubt could now be entertained on the subject-the soul of Alexander ! ii- was tormented and needed more prayers and tapers to release him from purgatory. 1 he; news was borne to -the, court, where, it is hardly necessary to say, it created deep astonishment. At first it did noterusaunter "absolute incredulity. The members of the Holy synod were consulted, and tbey promised to ienqniWr into/'/'tHeVfflftttBr.'' But Alexander,: III. ? lost -no Jtiuae in ex pressing his indignation that cre dence should be given- to such a story, which was an insult to the memory of his father. He sent for one of bis detectives, in whose skill and fidelity be bad the greatest confidence, and ordered liira to clear up the mystery. The detec tive went to the church, and hiding himself, behind a pillar, waited for the result In due ^course the phan tom appeared once more, and, as on previous occasions, directed its steps towards the statue. The detective, although not. a superstitious man, felt very uneasy. He had served Alexander II., and seemed to see him again as he was on the day of assassination, with his Face bathed in biood, and suffering excruciating agony. The ghost prayed longer at the statue than usual.-VThe de tective, mustering up all his courage, gUdcd softly towards it, but it moved further away. Instinctively the detective glanced at the statue, and discovcrd that many of the most valuable jewels Were wanting. This fact at once opened bis eyes, l and he dashed after the. phantom, which turned out to be something more than a vision. The next second it was struggling to release j itself from the detective's grip, but in vain. It was simply a thief J who, endowed with a considerable j imagination and audacity, had con ceived the idea^of robbing the relics j in the midst of the terror caused : I by his apparition as the Emperor's ; j ghost. He was taken to prison, i j and eventually tried and condemned I in secret-at least so the legend runs. , . j HOUSEHOLD NOTES. : I BCTTEB, and eggs for cakes should | always be beaten to a cream. / Steel knives or other articles j which have become rusty, should I be rubbed with a little sweet oil,J 1 then left for a day or two in a dry ! 1 piaqe, and then i*ubbed with finely I powdered, unslacked lime, until ?jo. of . KBtaOj3Laa.dftt»p . ] peared/' and kept in a dry place; j wrapped in chamois leather. . j In washing hair brushes1 iiever I use soap. Take a piece of soda, I dissolve it in warm Water; stand | the brush in it, taking care that j the warm water only covers, the' | bristles. It will almost immediately j j become white and clean. Stand it : j to dry in., the open air, with the I bristles downwards, and it will be j fount! to be as firm as a new brush. J Take equal parts of bean and 1 barley meal, and mix with raw egg. j When the mass is thoroughly hard ] and dry it should be ground into a ! fine powder, and made into an oint 1 ment with melted tallow and honey, j A thick layer of this applied, to the J face every night is warranted to j smooth out all wrinkles and make j the skin as soft as a baby's. | Those persons .who believe that an ounce of prevention is worth-a { pound of cure in cases of the vari ious diseases flesh is heir to should ] give some attention to the sanitary I value of the single bed. Until re I cent years double beds have been 1 the rule in all, American sleeping J rooms, although foreigner have 1 long known the value of, and have I much more generally adopted, the J single bed. It is only, necessary to enter a close sleeping-room from the fresh air, and throw back the covers of a recently occupied bed j to discover what foul odors are I emitted from the human body dur ing sleep. The air under the covers j cannot help being worse where two ; 1 persons have contributed to it in I stead of one, and it must betwice as debilitating and injurious. In addition to this, it is especially 1 harmful for a well person to sleep under the same covers with .one in | ill-health, or a young person with one much older. The impurities j thrown off are absorbed by the 1 stronger and younger, often to such I an extent as to seriously affect his 1 health. I ? 1\. To remove paint from windows, j take strong bicarbonate of soda, I and dissolve it in hot water. Wash jthe glass, and in 20 minutes .or'! j half-an-hour rub thoroughly with j a dry <iloth. j j Lemon will do for the yellow I white sailor straw Kat what shoe j 1 polish does for the worn black one. I Bemove the ribbon band, and with j a slice of lemon clean the straw thoroughly. j 1 To apply a mustard plaster" so as not to blister the skin, mix the mustard with the white of an egg i 1 instead of water. The plaster will | I draw thoroughly without blistering j j the most delicate skin. J Floorcloth should never be ' scrubbed, but after being swept should be rubbed over with a cloth moistened with lukewarm or cold | water; on no account use soda or | hot water, which would remove the paint in time. If flat irons are rough and smoky, lay a little fine salt on a 'flat surface, and rub them well. It will smooth them and prevent sticking. A very good cement to fasten on lamp tops is melted alum ; use as soon as melted, and the lamp .will be ready for use as soon, as the cementis cold. Tbe§iiice of a^leiiionswill whiten frosting, strawberry juice will fcolouc it pink, and the gratedririd of an orangfc. strained througli a cloth, will colour it yellow. The white of an egg beaten to a stiff frotli and; whipped up with the juice of a lemon relieves hoarse-; ness at once; taken by the tea spoooful half-hourly. When the nose threatens to bleed excessively, it can sometimes be stopped by putting the feet into hot water, or by applying a mus tard plaster between the shoulders. Lard, if applied at once, will re move discoloration after .a bruise. Set a dish of water in the oven with cakes when baking, and they will seldom scorch. A gloss can be put on glass *>y rubbing it quickly with newspaper ; dry or wet whiting will give it a brilliant polish. « For convenience in cleaning lamp chimneys, nothing is better than a small sponge attached to the end of a stick. Finger marks may be removed from varnished furniture by the use of a little sweet oil upon a soft rag. Kid shoes can be kept soft and free from cracks by rubbing them once a week with pure glycerine or castor oil. . The Sydney Harbour Coal Co,, to work t4ib Creinorne coal measures, is-fco be placed on the London market on March 5. Mr. Inglis intends to divide the capital of ,£500,000 into 34,000 preference and 16,000 ordinary sbares of ,£10 each.. Preference shares will carry dividends of per cent, for the first three years and 7 per cent. afterwards. . SOMETHING ABOUT TWO BOYS. " The most pathetie incident of my child hood, is this: My mother had been very ill for several weeks, and the doctor so . lemly announced that she could 'not live more than two or three days longer atmost. That night my father roused me from sleep and took me oat of my little bed to bid her a last good- bye.' I shall never forget the scene, which was new and awful to me. People were weeping nil round the room,, the air of which was heavy with the odour of candles and lamps, and recking with the fumes of drugs. My mother knew and TilSseU. Hie, and then they toSk. me^KacK ;to my bed. But ere I was iedaway some one opened the windowa few inches from the. top, and, I notibed the gcey dawn resting on the glass, and heard the ' deep, cheep,' of a newly wakened bird. Since then I have associated that hour and sound with that unhappy episode. .' But (and to say what now follows I have written the foregoing paragraph) we were all rasped and tortured fornothing. My mother proceeded to get well handji over.hand, and died quietly thirty yearns afterwards. She survived every person., who stood at her bedside that night ex cept me." SpeaMngof thefllness ofherson, a boy of nine, a lady says: "We had to sit with, him night and day, giving him brandy, wine, beef tea, &c.;, to keep him alive, and expected every day would be his last. The physician plainly told us that nothing more oonld be done to save him." Yet in spite of the disease, and-we almost said-in spite of the doctors, the lad is Well to-day. And this is ho yr it all came about. There is a moral in it. too, but suppose we serve that up at the end of the story- All right.yop say. Very well, then. It seems that tittis boy, George West moreland, had 'previously been a strong, healthy little ehap, as all boys onght to be. But about themiddle of last November 1891* that is-r-he was taken down. The family conldn't mafce out what ailedhim. He complained of a bad pain in the stomach, and vomited a quantity of yellowish green stuff. Presently the pain was so sharp he couldn't lie in bed, and they had, so his mother says, to apply fresh hot poultices one after another. The whites <of his eyes turned yellow, and his skin too. He was hot, and feverish, and had to fight for his breath. Of course his mother sent for » doctor, and the doctor said his young patient was suffering from inflammation of the bowels. -He gave medicines which, however, did no good, so far as the boy's friends could see. On the contrary, he grew worse, and a second doctor was fetched. This medical gentleman differed from his predecessor, and gave out that George had an attack of rheumatic fever-in other words, acute rheumatism-a disease which no - boy has any business with whatever. The treatment on this theory availed nothing: George was worse. ' He now had He now had a hacking cough, and his ex pectoration was so offensive that the peo ple had to use disinfectants. He broke out into sweats, so heavy as to saturate the pillows. He could take no nourishment save a little milk and lime water. He wore away to a skeleton, did the poor boy. He was nothing but skin and bone, and thely had to lift him in and but of bed. Then he fell so ill he would not notice any one in the room, and lay for hours never opening his eyes. Then came the time when a third doctor said he couldn't possibly live. What happened after that boy's mother, tells. We give you her exact- words"In February last,"" she says,;" my husband, as a last resource, determined to try Mother* Seigel's CurativeSyrup. Aftera few doses the boy's breathing was easier and he took food. In three days be was able to sit up, and in a weefs- timehewas up and dressed, He gained flesh and strength every day. and is now able to go about. Sometimes I look at him and can hardly believe he is the sameboy who wasso recently at death's door and Seigel'e Syrup saved his life. Yours truly v(Si gned) Mrs. Mary "Westmoreland, 5, EKgh-street, Plnmetead, London, April 27,1892." Now, a half a dozen words, Little George . had no bowel inflammation, nor a single touch of rheumatism. That was the doc tor's professional gness-work. He had a sharp attack of biliousness and indigestion, of which Mother Seigel. would have cured him long before had her medicine been ap pealed to. Here is the moral to conclude with: Learn what the true remedy for ill ness is, and use it first instead of last. 