'' ru i: tua(;i:dy OF CATHER0N_ ROYALS. [By the Author of 'Paulina Lisle,' Kathkkine's Vengeance,' &c.;] PART II. CHAPTER XXII ( Continued .) It was about three in tlie afternoon when the fly' from the railway drove up to the stately portico entrance of Powyss Place. She paid and dismissed the man, and knocked unthinkingly. The servant who opened the door fell back, staring at her, as though he liad been a ghost. ' Is Lady Helena at home ?' Lady Helena was at Lome — -and still tlie man stared blankly as he made the reply. She swept passed him, and made her way, un announced, to her ladyship's private rooms. She tapped at the door. 'Come in,' said the familiar voice, and she obeyed. Then a startled cry rang out. Lady Helena arose and stood spell-bound, gazing in mute consternation at the pale girl before her. ' Edith !' she could but just gasp. ' What is this? Where is Victor.' Edith came in, closed the door, and quietly faced her ladyship. ' I have not the slightest idea where Sir Victor Catheron may bo at this present moment. Wherever he is, it is hoped that lie is able to take care of himself. I know I have not seen him since four o'clock yesterday afternoon.' The lips of Lady Helena moved, but no sound came from them. Some great and nameless terror seemed to have fallen upon lier. ' It was rather an unusual thing to do, the clear, steady tones of the bride went on, ' but being very tired after the journey, I fell asleep in the cottage parlour at Carnarvon, half an hour after our arrival. Sir Victor had left me to take a walk and a smoke, he said. It was nearly seven when I awoke. I was still alone. Your nephew had come and gone.' ' Gone r ' Gone — and left this for me. Read it, Lady Helena, and you will see tliat in return ing here I only obeying my lord and master's command.' She took the note from her pocket and presented it. Her ladyship took it, read it, lier face growing a dreadful ashen pale. ' So soon!' she said, in a sort of whisper. ' That it should have fallen upon him so soon! Oh! I feared it! I feared it! I feared it !' * 'You feared it?' Edith repeated, watching her intently. 'Does that mean your lady ship understands tlie letter ?' .' Heaven help me ! I am afraid I do.' v ' It means, then, what I have thought it meant ; that when I married Sir Victor yes terday, I married a madman ?' There was a sort of moan from Lady Helena — no other reply. ' Insanity is in the Catheron blood — I ?knew that from the first. His father lived and died a maniac. The father's fate is the son's. It has lain dormant for threeand twenty years, to break out on his wedding day. Lady Helena, am I right ?' But Lady Helena was sobbing convulsively now. Her sobs were her only reply. ' It is hard on you,' Edith said with a dreary sort of pity. ' You loved him.' ' And you did not,' the older woman retor ted, looking up. ' You loved your cousin, and you married my poor, unhappy boy for his title and his wealth. It would have been better for him if he had died before he set eyes on your face. ' Much better,' Edith answered, steadily. Better for him — better for me. You are right, Lady Helena Powyss, I loved my cousin and married your nephew for his title and ?his wealth. I deserve all you can say of me. The worst will not be half bad enough.' Her ladyship's face drooped again ; her sup pressed sobbing was the only sound to be heard. ' I have come to you,' Editli went on, ' to tell you the truth. I don't ask what the secret is lie speaks of; I don't wish to know. I think he should be looked after. If he is insane, he should not bo .allowed to go at large.' ' If ho is insane !' Lady Helena cried, look ing up angrily. ' You do well to say if. He is no more insane than you are !' Edith stood still, looking at her. The last trace of colour faded from her face. 'Not insane,' she whispered, as if to herself 'not insane,' and — he deserts me !' ' Oh, what have I said ?' Lady Helena cried ; ' forgive me, Edith — I don't know what I am saying — I don't know- what to think. Leave me alone, and let mo try to understand it, if I can. Your old rooms are ready for you. You havo come to remain lYibii uiU} ui. (juursu. i 'For the present — yes.. Of the future, I! iliave not yet thought. I will leave you alone, Lady Helena as you desire. I will not trouble you again until to-morrow. glie was quitting the room. Lady Helena .-arose aud took her in her arms, lier face all stained with a rain of tears. 'My child! my child!' she said, 'it is hard on you— so young, so pretty, aud only married yesterday ! Edith, you frighten me ! What are you made of? You look like a stone !' _ The girl sighed — a long, weary, heart-sick Cioll o 7 ' I feel like a stone. I can't cry. I think I havo no heart, no soul, no1 feeling, Ho con science — that I am scarcely a human being. I am a hardened, callous wretch,' for whom any fate is too good. Don't pity mo, dear Lady Helena ; don't wasto one tear on mo. I am not worth it.' She touched her lips to- tho wot cheek, and went slowly on hor way. No heart — no soul ! If she had, both felt benumbed, dead. She | . seemed to herself a century old, as slio toiled on to lier familiar room. They met :io more ! that day — each kept to her own apartments. Tho aftornoon set in wet and wild ; the rain fell carelessly and dismally; an evening to depress tlio happiest closed down. 1 It was long after dark when there came a ring at the bell, and a footman opening the door, saw the figure of a man muffled and dis guised in slouch hat and great-coat. Ho held an umbrella over his head, and a scarf was twisted about the lower part of his face. In a husky voice, stifled in his scarf, lie asked ; for Lady Helena. ' . . I j ' Her ladyship s at home, the tootman an I swercd, rather superciliously, ' but she don t I see strangers at this hour.' _ j ' Give her this,' the stranger said ; she ' will see me.' In spite of hat, scarf, and umbrella, there I was something familiar in the air of tho visitor, : j something familiar in his tone. The man took j j the note suspiciously and passed it to another, who passed it to her ladyship, and her lady j ship read it with a suppressed cry. Show him into the library ait once. I will wo down.' The muffled man was shown in, still wearing hat and scarf. The library was but dimly j lighted. He stood like a dark shadow amid the other shadows. An instant later tlic door opened, and Lady Helena, pale and wild, appeared on the threshold. 'It is,' she faltered; 'it is— you? ? She approached slowly, lier terrified eyes riveted on the hidden facc. ' It is I. Lock, the door.' She obeyed, she came nearer. Ho drew away tlie scarf, lifted tlie hat, and showed her the facc of Sir Victor Catheron. CHAPTER XXIII. . TITE SECOND ENDING OP TIIE TRAGEDY. Tlie morning dawned over Powyss Place dawned in wild wind and driving rain still dawned npon Edith, deserted more strangely than surely bride was ever deserted before. She had darkened her chamber; she had forced herself resolutely to sleep. But the small hours had come before she had suc ceeded, and it was close upon ten when tlie dark eyes opened from dreamland to life. Strange mockery ! it was ever of Charley and the days that were forever gone she dreamed now. For hours and hours she had paccd her room the evening and night before, all the desolation, all the emptiness and loss of hor life spread out before her. She had'sold her self deliberately, and with her eyes open, and this was her reward. Deserted in the hour of her triumph — humiliated as never bride was humiliated before — the talk, the ridicule of the country, an object of contemptuous pity to the whole world. And Charley and Trixy, wliat-would they say when they heard of her downfall? She was very proud — no young princess had-.ever haughtier blood coursing though lier royal veins than this portionless American girl. For wealth and rank she had bartered life and love, and verily she had her reward. She suffered horribly. As she paced up and down, her whole face was distorted with, the torture within. She flung herself into a seat and tired to still the ceaseless, gnawing, maddening pain. In vain ! She could neither sit still, nor think, nor deaden her torment, And when at last she throws herself face down ward on her Bed, it was only to sleep the spent sleep of utter exhaustion. But she was ' pluck' to the backbone. Next day when she had made her toilet, and descended to the break fast-room, the closest observer could have read nothing of last night in the fixed calm of her iuce. The worst that could eYer happen had hap pened ; she was ready now to live and die game. Lady Helena, very pale, very tremulous, very frightened; and helpless-looking, awaited her. A large, red fire burned on the hearth. Her ladyship was wrapped in a -fluffy white shawl, but she shivered in spite of both. The lips that touched Edith's cheek were almost as cold as that cheek itself. Tears started to her eyes as she spoke to her. 'My child,' she said, ' how white you are; how cold and ill you look. I am afraid you did not sleep at all.' 'Yes, I slept,' answered Edith — 'for a few hours, at least. The weather had some thing to do with it, perhaps ; I always fall a prey to horrors in wet and windy weather.' Thon they sat down to the fragrant and tempting breakfast, and ate with what appe tite they might. For Editli, she hardly made a pretence of eating — she drank a large cup of strong coffee, and arose. ' Lady Helena,' she began, abruptly, ' as I came out of my room, two of tlie servants were whispering in the corridor. I merely caught a word or two in passing. They stop ped immediately upon seeing me. But from that word or two, I infer this — Sir Victor Catheron was here to see you last night.' Lady Helena was trifling nervously with her spoon — it fell with a clash now into her cup, and her. terrified eyes looked piteously at her companion. ' If you desire to keep this a secret, too,' Edith said, her lips curling scornfully, ' of course you are at liberty to do so — of course, I presume to ask no questions. ? But if not, I would like to know — it may, 111 some measure, influence my own movements.' ' What do you intend to do ?' her ladyship brokenly asked'. ' That you shall hear presently. Just now tlie question is : Was your nephew here last night, or not ?' 'He was.' * She said it' with a sort of sob, hiding her face in her hands. 'May Heaven help me,' she cried ; 'it is growing more than 1 can bear. Oh, my child, what can I say to von? how can I comfort you in this great trouble that has come upon you ?' x oil are very gooci, Dut l would rattier not. bo comforted. I have been utterly base and mercenary from first to last — a wretch who has richly earned her fate. Whatever has be fallen me I deserve. I married your nephew without one spark of affection for him ; he was no more to mo than any labourer on his J estate— I doubt whether ho ever could have been. I meant to try — who knows how it would have ended? I married Sir Victor Catheron for his riches, his title and rent-roll ; — I married the baronet, not the man. And it has ended tlins. lam widowed on my wedding-day, cast . off, forsaken. Have I not earned my fate ?' She laughed drearily — a short, mirthless, bitter laugh. 'I don't venture to ask too many questions 1 don t battle with my fate ; i throw up ! my arms and yield at once. .But this I would like to know. Madness is hereditary in his family. Unworthy of all lovo as I am, I think 1. think Sir Victor loved mo, and un less he be mad, I can't understand why he de serted inc. Litdy Helena, answer mo this, as you will one day answer to your Maker— is feir Victor Catheron suno or mad ?' There was a pause as she asked the dread ful question — a pause in which the beating of the autumnal rain upon the ' glass, the sough ing of tho autumnal gale sounded prcter naturally loud. Then, brokenly, in trembling tones, and not looking up, came Lady Helena's answer ' God pity him and you — -he is not mad. Then there was silence again. The , elder woman, tier face buried in her hands ana resting on the table, was crying, silently and miserably. At the window, the tall, sum figure of tho girl stood motionless, her hands clasped loosely before her, her deep bright eyes looking out at the slanting rain, tlie low lying, lead-colourcd sky, the black.trees blown aslant in the high Octobcr gale. 'Not mad?' she repeated, after that long pause ; you aro quite certain of this, my lady? Not mad — nnd he has left me?'' «TTn Vino wt -trim. Oh. mv child!- if I dared only toll you all— if I dared only tell you how it is becuuse of his great and passion ate love for you, lie leaves you. If ever- there was amartyr on this earth, it is my poor boy. If you had seen him as I saw him last night worn to a shadow in one day, suffering for the loss of you until death would be a relief even you would have pitied him.' ' Would I ? Well, perhaps so, though my heart' is a hard one. Of course, I don't under stand a word of all this — of course, he said in his letter, some secret of guilt and shame lies behind it all. And yet, perhaps, I could come nearer to the ? ' secret' than either you or he think.' Lady Helena looked suddenly up, that terri fied hnnted look in her eyes, ;j ' What do you mean ?' she gasped. ?- ' This,' the firm, cold voice of Loith -oaid, as Edith's bright, dark eyes fixed uhumselves pitilessly upon her, ' this, Lady Helena Powyss : That the secret which takes him from me is tlie secret of his mother's murder — the secret which he learned at his fathet's death-bed. Shall I tell you who committed that murder ?' Her ladyship's Hps moved, but no sound came ; she sat spell-bound, watching that pale, fixed face before her. 'Not Inez Catheron, who was imprisoned for it ; not Juan Catheron, who was suspected for it. I am a Yankee, Lady Helena,, and, consequently, clever at guessing. I believe that Sir Victor Catheron, in cold blood, mur dered his own wife !' /;? There was a, sobbing cry — whether at the shock of the terrible words, or at their truth, who was to tell ? ' I believe the late Sir Victor CatherOn to have been a deliberate and cowardly- mur derer,' Edith went on. 'So cowardly that his weak brain turned when he saw what he had done and thought of the consequences ; and that he paid the penalty of his crime in a life of insanity. The motive I don't pretend to 'fathom — jealousy of Juan Catheron, per n ? .1 ? i ?_ ,i_: ? 1...1 1 ? ? ,1 oil naps ; ana on nis uying ueu ue uuuibssbu iui tu his son.' With face blanched and eyes still full of terror, her ladyship looked at the dark, con temptuous, resolute speaker. ' And if this be true— -your horrible surmise; mind, I don't admit that iifis — would that be any excuse for Victor's' conduct in leaving you?' _ '1-- 'No !'. Edith answered, her eyes flashing, ' none ! Having married me, hot ten thousand family secrets should be strong enough to make him desert me. If he had come to me, if lie had told me, as lie was bound to do be fore our wedding-day, I would have pitied him with all my soul ; if anything could ever have mado me care for him, as a wife should care for a husband, it would have been that pity. But if lie came to me now, and knelt before me, imploring me to return I would not. I would die .sooner!' 'f She was walking up and down now, gleams of passionate scorn and rage in her dark eyes. ' It is all folly and balderdash, this talk of love for me making him leave me. Don't let us have any more of it. No secret onj earth should make a bridegroom quit his bride — no power on earth could ever convince me of it!' ' And yet,' the sad, patient voice of Lady Helena signed, ' it is true.' j Editli stopped in her walk, I and looked at her incredulously. i| ? 'Lady Helena,' she said, 'youaremy kind friend — you. know the world — you iare a woman of sense, not likely to have your brain turned with vapours. Answer me this: Do you think that, acting as he has done, Sir Victor Catheron has done right ?' | Lady Helena's sad eyes met hers in av stead fast gaze. Lady Helena's voice' was full of pathos and earnestness as she replied ' Edith, I am your friend ; ; I am ' in my sober. senses, and. I believe in my souliVictor has done right.' I 'Well,' Edith said after a long,.jpause, during which she resumed her walk, ' I{ give it up! I don't understand, and' I never shall. I am hopelessly in the dark. 'I can conceive no motive — none strong enongh to make his conduct right. I thought him I mad; you say he is sane. I thought; lie did me a shameful, irreparable wrong ; you; say lie has done right. I will think no more about it, since if I thought to my dying day, I could come no nearer the truth.' i 'Yon will know one day,' answered Lady Helena ; ' on his death- bed ; . and, poor! fellow, the sooner that day comes tlio bettor for him.' Edith made an impatient gesture. ^ ' Lot us talk about it no more. What; is done is done. Whether Sir Victor Catheron lives ) or dies, can in no way concern mo bow. I think, with your permission, I will go back to my room and try to sleep away this? dismal - day.' ' Wait one moment, Edith. Itwas 'on your account Victor camo here last night -to talk over. the arrangements he is making for your future.' A curious smilo camo over Edith's lips. She was onco more back at tho window, look ing out at tho rain-beaten day. 'My future!' she slowly repeated ; 'in what possible way can my future concern Sir Victor Catlicren ?' - ' ' My child, what, a question ! Tn every way. You are honest enough to confess' that you married him — poor boy, poor boy-ffor his rank and rent-roll. There, at least, yjou need not be disappointed. Tlie settlements' made .upon you before your marriage wore, ''as you know, liberal in tiio extreme. In addition to that, every farthing he has in his power to dis pose of he intends settliug upon you-jbesides. His grandmother's fortune, which descends to him, is to be yours. You may spend money liko water if it pleases you— the; title, and 'wealth for which you aro wedded 'aro still yours. For himself, ho intends to;go abroad to tho East, I believe. IIo retains?nothing but what will supply his travelling expenses. l:Ie cannot meet you— if ho did, lie might never be able to leavo yon. Oh, Edith ! you blame him, you liato him; but if you had only seen him, only heard him last night, only knew how inevitable it is, how ho suffered, how bitteror than death this parting is to him, you would pity, you would forgive liim. ' You think so ?' the girl said, with a wist ful, weary .sigh. 'Ah, well, perhaps so._ I don't know. Just now I can realise nothing except that I am a lost, forsaken wretch ; that I do hate him; that if I wore dying, or that if he were dying, ' I could not say I for give you.' As to his liberality, I never doubted that ; I ? have owned that I married him for his wealth and station. I own it still ; bnt there are some thing not tho wealth of a king could compensate for. To desort a bride on her wedding-day is one of them. I repeat, Lady Helena, with your .permission, I will go to my room ; wo won't talk of my future plans and prospects just now. To morrow you shall know my decision.' ' She turned to GfO. The elder woman looked after her with yearning, sorrowful eyes. ' If I knew what to do — if I knew what to say,' she murmured helplessly. 'Edith, I loved him more dearly than any son'. I think my heart is breaking. Oh, child, don't judgo him — be merciful to me whose lifo has been so full of trouble.', ' / Her voice broke down in a- passion of tears. Edith turned from the door, put her arms around lier neck, and kissed her. 'Dear friend,' she said,; 'dear Lady Helena, I pity youirom the bottom of my heart. I wish — I wish I could comfort you.' ' You can,' was the. eager answer. ' Stay with me, Edith ; don't leave' me alone. Be a daughter to me; take the place of a son I have lost.' But Edith'a pale, resolute face did not sof ten. ' To-morrow we will settle all this,' was her reply. ' Wait until to-morrow.' Then she was gone — shut up and locked in her own room. She did not descend to either luncheon or dinner — one of the house- i maids served her in her dressing-room. And Lady Helena, alone and miserable, wandered uneasily, about the lower room, and wondered how she spent that long rainy day. She spent it busily enough. The plain black box she had brought from New York, containing all her earthly belongings, she drew out and packed. It was not hard to do, since nothing went into it but what had belonged to her then. All the dresses, all the jewels, all the costly gifts that had been given to her by the man she had married, and his friends, she left as they were. She kept no thing. not even her wedding ring : she placed it, among the rest, in a jewel casket, closed and locked it. Then she wrote a letter to Lady Helena, and placed the key inside. This is what she said ' Dear Friend : — 'When you open this I shall have left Powyaa Place forever. Ifc will be quite useless to folio nr. or endeavour to bring me back. My mind is made up. I recognise no authority — nothing will induce me to revoke my decision. I go out into the world to make my own way. ? With youth, heslth, and ordinary intelligence, it ought not to be impossible. The things belonging to me when I first came here I hare packed in the black box ; in a week you will hare the kindnesB to for ward it to Euston station. The rest I leave behind retaining one or two books as souvenirs of you, I take nothing of Sir Victor Catheron's — not even his name. You must see that it is utterly impossible ; that I must lose the last shred of pride and self respect before I oould assume hii name or take a penny belonging to him. Dear, kind Lady Helena, good-by. If we never meet again in this world, remember there it no thought in my heart of you that is not one of affection and gratitude. Edith.' Her hand never trembled as she wrote this letter. She placed . the key in it, folded sealed, and addressed it. It was dark by this time. As she knelt to cord .and lock her trunk, she espied the writing-case within it. she hesitated a moment, then took it out, opened it, and drew forth a packet of Charley Stuart's (letters. She took out the photo graph and looked at it with a half-tender, half-sad smile. u : . ' I never thought to look at yon again,' she said softly, ' You are all I have left now.' She put tlie picture in her bosom, replaced the rest, and locked the trunk, and put the key in her purse. She sat down and counted her money. She was the possessor of twelve sovereigns— left over from the bounty of Mr. ?Stuart, Senior. It was her whole stock of wealth with which to begin and face the ? .u rm.„„ „i ? u ? i ? i ? i ? j. _ ? _i— worm. , j. neu bub a;iu uown resolutely to tlimK it out. And {'the question rose grim before her : ' What am I to do ?' ' Go out into the world and work for your daily bread. Face the poverty you have feared so much, through fear of which, two days ago, you sold yourself. Go to London — it is the centre of the world ; lose yourself, hide from all who ever knew you. Go to London. Work of some kind can surely be had by the wiling in that mighty- city. Go to London.' That was the answer that came clearly. She shrank for a moment — the thought of facing life dingle-handed, poor and alono, ,in that great, terrible, 'pitiless city, was over whelming. But she did not flinch from hor resolve ; her mind was made up. Come woe, come weal, she would go to London. An 'A. B. C.' railway guide lay on tho table — she consulted it. A train left Chester for London at eight o'clock, a.m. Neither Lady Helena nor any of her household were stirring at that hour. Sho could walk to Cliesholm in the early morning, get a fly there and drive to the Chester station in time. By four in the afternoon sho would be in London. No thought of returning homo ever recurred to her. Homo ! What home had she ? Hor stepmother was master and mistress in her father's house ; and to return, to go back to Sandypoint, and the life she liad loft, was as utter an impossibility almost as though she should take a rope and hang herself. -She had no means to go if she had desired, but that mado no difference. She could never go back, never see hor father, or Cliarloy, or Trixy more. Alono- slio must live, alono sho must die. The flood gates wero opened ; sho suffered this last night as women of hor strong, self contained temperament only suffer. 'Save mo, oh, God! for tho waters aro como into my soul!' That was the wild, wordless prayer of her heart. Her lifo was wrecked, hor heart was desolate ; sho must n-o forth a beggar and an outcast, and fight t?ie bitter battle of hor lifo alone. And lovo and home, arid Charley might havo been hors.' 'It might havo been!' Is there any anguish in this world of anguish liko that which wo work with our own hands ?— any sorrow liko that which wo bring upon ourselves ? In the dark ness sho sank doAvn upon hor knees, lior face covered with her hands, tears, that were, as dreadful as tears of blood, falling from her oyes, Lost— lost! all that mado life worth having. To live and dio alono, that was her J'atc ! So the black, wild night passed, hiding lior as laiserable a woman as the wide earth held. * * # # :* #' . # The gray dawn of tlic dull Octobcr morning was creeping over tho, far-off Welsh hills as Editli, in shawl and hat, closcly veiled, and carrying a handbag, camo softly down tho stairs and out of a side door, chiefly used by servants. She met no one ; noiselessly sho drew the bolt, opened the door, and looked out. i _ It was raw and cold, a dreary wind still blowing, bnt it had ceased to rain. As she stood there, seven struck from the turret clock ' One long, last, lingering look behind' — one last upward glance at Lady Iloleua's windows. ' Good-by !' the palo lips whispered ; then she passed resolutely out into tho melancholy autumn morning, and was gone. PART III. ,, CHAPTER I. AT MADAME MIHEUEAU's, OXFORD STREET. Half-past four of a delightful June after noon, and two young ladies sit at two largo lace- draped windows, overlooking a fashion able Mayfair-stroet, alternately glancing over the books they hold, and listlessly watching .the passcrs-by. The house was one of those big, black, West-End houses, whose outward darkness .and dismalness is in direct ratio to their inward brilliance and splendor. The particular room is lofty and long, luxurious with softest carpet, satin upholstery, pictures, flowers, and lace draperies. The two young ladies arc, with the exception of tlicir bonnets in elegant carriago costume. Young ladies, I havo said; and being un married, tlicy are young ladies, of course. One of them, however, is three and thirty, counting by actual years — the peerage gives it in cold blood. It is the Lady Gwendoline Drexel. Her companion is tlio Honorable Mary Howard, just nineteen, and just ' out.' Lady Gwendoline yawns drearily over her book — Algernon Swinburne's latest — and pulls out her watch impatiently every few minutes. 'What can keep Portia? ' she exclaims, with irritation. ' We.shonld have been gone the last half-honr.' ? Tlie Honorable Mary looks up from her Parisian' fashion-book, and glances from tlie window with a smile. 'Restrain your impatience, Gwendoline,' she answers. ? Here comes Lady Portia now.' A minute later the door is flung wide by. a tall gentleman in plush, and Lady Portia Hampton sweeps in. She is a tall, slender lady, very much like her sister ; the same dully fair complexion, the same coiffure of copper-gold, the samo light, inane blue eyes. Tlio dull com plexion wears at this moment an absolute flush ; the light, lack-lustre eyes an absolute sparkle. There is something in her look as sho sails forward, that makes them both look up ex pectantly from tlioir books. 'Well?' Lady Gwendoline says. Gwen !' her sistar exclaims — absolutely exclaims — ' whom doyousupposelhavemet?' ' The Czarina of all the Russias, Pio Nino, Her Majesty back from Osborne, or the Man in the Mooii, perhaps,' retorts Lady Gwen doline. 'Neither,' laughs Lady Portia. 'Some- body a great deal more mysterious and interesting than any of them. You nevor will guess whom.' ' Being five o'clock of a sultry summer day, I don t intend to try. Tell us at once, Portia, and let us go.' ' Then — be prepared to be surprised ! Sir Victor Catheron !' .' ' Portia !' 'Ah! I thought the name would interest you Sir Victor Catheron, my dear, alive in the flesh, though, upon my word, at first sight I almost took him for his own ghost. Look at her, Mary,' laughs her sister, deri sively. ' I have managed to interest her after all,' have I not ?' For Lady Gwendoline sat. erect, her tur quois eyes open to their widest extent, a look akin to excitement in her apathetic face. ' But, Portia — Sir Victor ; I thought it was an understood thing he did not come to Eng land P' 'He does, it appears. I certainly had the honour and happiness of shaking hands with him not fifteen minutes ago. I was driving up St. James-street, and caught a glimpse of him on the steps ot i! enton s Hotel. At first sight I could not credit my eyes. I had to look again to see whether it was a wraith or a mortal man. Such a pallid shadow of his former self. You used to think him rather handsome, Gwen — you shall see him now ! He lias grown ten years older in as many months — his hair is absolutely streaked with gray, his eyes are sunken, his cheeks are hollow. He looks miserably, wretchcdly out of health. If men ever do break tlieir heart,' said Lady Portia, going over to a large mirror and sur veying herself, 'then that misguided young man broke his on his wedding-day.' ' It serves liim rielit,' said Ladv Gwendo line, her pale eyes kindling. ' I am almost glad to hear it.' Her faded facc wore a strange sombre and vindictive look. Lady Portia, with her head on one side, set her bonnet-strings geometri cally straight, and smiled maliciously. 'Ah, no doubt — perfoctually natural, all things considered. And yet, oven you might pity the poor follow to-day, G wendoline, if yfu saw him. Marv, dear, is all this Grceli and Hebrew to you? You were in your Parisian pensionnat, I remember when it all happened. You don't know the romantic and mysterious story of Sir Victor Catheron, Bart.' ' I never heard tlio name before, that I re call, answered Miss Howard, ' Then pine in ignorance no longer. This young hero, Sir Victor Catheron, - of Catheron Royals, Cliesholm, is our next-door neighbour, down at homo, and one year ago tho hand some, happy, honored, representative of one of tho oldest families in the country. His in come was largo,' his estate unincumbered, his manners charming, his morals unexception able, and half tlio, young ladies in Cliesholm' — with another malicious glance at her sister— ' at daggers-drawn for him. There was tho slightest drawback in the family — his father died insane, and in his infancy his mother was murdered. But these were only trifling spots oii tlio sun, not worth a second thought. Our ?young 'sultan had but to tln'ow the handker chief, and his obedient Circassians would havo flown on tho wings of love and joy to pick it I up. I grow quite eloquent, don't 1 ? | ™,f^(.To he continued.) ' 