TJf£ CflUflClfES. 1_ - £ - SUNDAY READING. The Suffering God, By Canon Wilberforc®. And looking up to heaven, He sighed, and saith unto Him, Ephphatha, that is, Be opened. __Mabe vh., 34. Who is this at once so powerful and so -sad, who mingles together omnipotence, and sorrow, who seems to posses power over aU the infinite universe and yet so closely interpenetrated by that which the poet calls "the sigh of life P" Twice it is recorded of Him that He put the question to the thought-capacity of the men of his age. Once He said, " What think ye of the Christ?" and once He said, "Whom do you men say that lam?" The answer to the question is illimitable, and the human mind fails to f&tfcom; or exhaust its meaning, but there are Borne here who know. To those whose spiritual apprehensions have been awakened, who, as George Herbert says, have been Tossed by sorrow to His breast, to them He is, is He not, the Incarnated revela tion of God's age-long secret about Himself. He is the reasonableness of the Eternal revealed in the sphere of human experience. God has held his secret Ling unrevealed, and, speaking after the manner of man, itmusthave cost Him muoh to keep it down the ages, and to Buffer men to think so erringly about Himself. But in the eternal purpose the secret has beau kept, the mystery has been hid from the foun dation of the world. It has never been a secret that God was, that He was awful, unthinkable, omnipotent. As Herbert Spencer says, the existence of a single unconditioned, self-existent' force is the most certain of all truths. The blaze of light from scientific research has so abundantly demonstrated that , all things are embodiments of the thought of a Single Intelli gence that a man advertises himself doubly as a fool if in this nineteenth century he predicates the negative and says, "There is no God." Things are thinks, that is, they are because the Infinite Originator thinks them. Thus says Goethe in "Faust," At the roaring loom of Time I .ply And weave for God the garments That thou see'st Him by. Earth and sky, stars and clouds, mountains and valleys are garments, thoughts, self utterances of the Infinite Originator, and no one qsxi logically and reverently follow out this thought, as did Newton, Butler, Faraday, Pascal, Kingsley, W. B. Carpenter, and a thousand others, without mental adoration of the Supreme Intelligence. You remember how Tennyson in the poem of Maud, in his description of the cellular arrange ment combining lightness with strength in a tiny se&shell;, beautifully idealises the thought of Goethe: — Small, but a work divine. , Jsiail, but-ofiorce to withstand, Year upon year, the shock Of cataract seas that snap The three- decker's oaken spine. Sever one of these tiny shells that cover the rocks at the fall of the tide, and you will see that it is constructed upon the mechanical prin ciples adopted by our engineers after years of experience. Intelligence is there, purpose is there, omnipotence is there, God is there ! But it is obvious that these whisperings of God's name in the hollow of every sea-shell as you bold it to your ear do not reveal His secret, do not quench the soul- thirst of humanity, crying out in its agony as Moses cried, "Show me Thy face," as Ph:lip cried, "Show us the Father." All that is truest, tenderest and most pathetic in man, craves for a more intimate knowledge of its Maker, and God's answer to the nni vernal, agonised appeal of humanity is Jems Christ. He replies, " Thou canst not see My face and live." It is not a threat ; it is a declaration. No man who is still in the earth- conditions has the capacity to seethe Infinite.Originator, "but I will make all my goodness to pass before thee, I will reveal the special phase of my character for which you are craving, that is not discover able inearth and Bky and sea, in one unique and perfect Specimen of the Bace. As my thought has been made matter in the universe, it shall be made Flesh in Jesus, and in Him you shall know my secret. You men shall become aware that I am Divinely human, tenderly sympathetic, perpetually accessible, unceasingly appealing, setf-sacrificingly reconciling." And it is a glorious revelation ! Obviously no mortal, understanding can dare to to crystallise into, a literal proposition the myBtic miracle of the Incarnation, no man can divine the exact rela tion between Jesus and the Father dwelling in Him. But in worshipping with all my soul Jesus Chrish as God, it is not only the Godhead of Jesus that I am adoring, but if I may be per mitted to create a word, the Jesus Christness of the Godhead ! " Show us the Father, " patheti cally wails the soul of man. "Have I been so long with you," says God in human voice, "and hast thou not known Me, Philip? I and the Father are one ; the Father that dwelleth in Me, He doeth the works." And this Divine Humanity is the Mediator between God mid man, not as one who buys off the anger of our Father, but as a lens is the mediator between diffused sun shine and some object yon desire to ignite,. The rays of diffused sunshine are collected into a focus by the lens, and an effect is produced which under exposure to the son's direct rays is impossible. Similarly, the phase of the character of the Infinite Originator, for which our hearts intensely crave, is focussed- into the world through the Incarnation, and produces moral effects which to ihe contemplations of ab stract Theism are simply im; possible. There is, therefore, no metaphyseal contradiction, no denial of the absolute unity of the Gohea4, ' when my heart pours itsdlf out in tosanihem of adoration to Jesus as my God, "Thou only art holy, Thou only art the Lord, Thou only, 0 Christ ! with the Holy Ghost, art most high in the glory of God ihe Father." If there is a needy heart in this vast assembly, turn: that heart towards him ! Say to him, Tb on seemest human nnd Divine, Highest, holiest. Manhood Thou ! Our wiils are ours, we know not how Our wills are ours to make them Thine. W orghip ia Him the reality that He manifests, the character of the Universal Father J. Enow that God it such an One as Jesus, not a distent ' despot in the skies, but a Divine Humanity with us always, in our midst to-day, the fear less Handler of the loathsome leper, the loving Welcomer of the -harlot's tears, The perpetual Presentation to the needy man of the Way, the Truih and the Life! I want yon to folicfw me a single step farther. 1 want you to mark' the consequences which „ follow from that, which I have ventured to call the (< Jesus-Ghristness" of God. If Jesus hB, to He is, uttered Divinity, God explained to man through an Incarnation, then His actions, ®very one of them, are iBctott-toBMS- of fiifl toajestic movements -df - the Eternal in .the history of the universe. . The tears of Jesus toe the tears of Go<Ltoe«igh of Jesms is toe ugh of God j and His recorded Altitude rnthiB 'es to ration of- the disordered body of a man was deaf aad a stammerer suggests a thimght whicb if we dhreto lobk ctdmfy and 511 of <P«»<»Mess -HaSL?6??.? when He Baid "Ephphatha:" -Hesighed atthenew possibilities of temptation -SSS? tnd T He confernngGay Ssfcf to a mind that had hitherto atongue hitherto SK? i. it the sigh he spoke the .fiteT5rth0k tkeiftmmt e"d m&y; he attained. And toe m ?TOW??J 8ayZ what a sigh of God hBea when in the eternal nhlfk8ib« ®Phphatha that clothed mSUtS n_the million million forms of oreaturely life, knowing the long wad of pain that must follow from all throbbing, animate Nature, from toe forest glade where the wild Btoat preys upon his fellow, from the blue Bky where the hawk rends the fikylark, from the nomes of men whence arises that bitter cry toat cannot be silenced! But -the sigh did not hinder the Ephphatha; the knowledge that the creation must travail in pain did not hinder the creation. The purpose was too sure, too aighty, too noble, "the end too certain, the glory that shall be revealed too transcendent. And so the mother- heart of God, as the inmost spirit in aU things, travails in pain in the crea tion, and in the sonls of men, enduring the present cross, despising the shame because of the certainty of the glory that shall be revealed when "toe whole creation shall be delivered from the bondage of corruption,-" but ever down the lingering ages mingling Hiw mighty Ephphatha with a sigh. r ' (TO BE CONTINUED.) 