His ideal. IjQ you hold f, to your ideals?" s! « asked. ' 1 ivou'.i if I had a chance," he answered, softly. " Von are mine." The Spur. She : " You will have to work hard if yoi win her." The Poet: "I'll have to work harder if I don't." Useless; "See, 'Eyer, here's a German clock bought for yer in New York." " Good gracious, Hiram ! how foolish. You know 1 can t understand a word of G erman." Truthfulness Pays. Ue : "Do you dawnce?"' She (who hat been informed that he is a bore) : " No." He: "Neither do 1. LetY spend the evening just talking to each other."- -Life. Had All She Needed. He (after a long explanation as to why he loves ber) : "In view of all this, Miss Marlow — Estelle — I offer you my hand." She : " Thank yon, Mr. Borely, but really the two I have are all I need." The Tired Oyster. An oyster said t-n himself one night, At the start of a banquet spread : " Here I'm at supper with these swell fnlVs, When I'd rather be home in my — PhuadelpMa Curious Term. The magician threw a teacup into ffao air, and it came down in fragment. Then he threw the fragments in the air, and tj.-e cup came down whole. Now why should every one call him a saucerer ? j The Feline's Fate. Mrs. MeTerrigan : " Phwhat's bocomo ol O/Learey's ould yellow tom-cat?" Mrs. : O'Dooley: "I dunno; but their daughthei Molly is sportiiV wan o' thim new fashion mink boeys. — -Broolclyn Eaqle. A Russian Joke. At a country ball. " My dear sir, you have just stepped on my partner's foot. 1 demand satisfaction." "Oh, ceitainly yonder sits my wife— go and step on her' foot." — Peterburgskaya Gazela. No Danger. "There is one thing I dread" remarked Johnson, "and that is a prem ature burial." "Don't worry about tha«- " replied Brown. " The thing is impossible there s no danger of your being buried to- soon." Two Dialects. Miss Brownstone (at the reception): "Let us again converse in French, Count." I he Count: "I zhall be most happy to comply. Er— shall ve talk in your Frenc'o or in my French ? "—Chicago News. A Lakeside Success. " I hear you took the West by storm." j "Well, I should say so. Why, the first j time 1 ont. A n O. /)QKla.nnn Vtnlf J. L ' . "j . P JA<AL WltJ men I ottered their seats, the other half tried to | pay my fare, the conductor gave me a pass, : and the motor-man came in and proposed to me." Preparatory Discipline. "No, I'Jl not marry. I think I'll be- : come a Sister of Charity." " You don't know what that means." "Don't I? Haven't I 3at up with you every night from eight to one for three months ? " In for It. Gamin (on discovering his teacher in a perilous position) : " Hey, Jimmy, wot's de matter wid yer ? Yeralosin'de chance of yer lifetime! Here's de teacher wot kep' us both in yesterday, gone clean through the ice ! Ain't dis a puddin' ? " He Hoped Not. She : " Oh, yes, mamma and I have much the same tastes. Do you think I am like my mother ? " He (an old widower) : " i hope not. Your mother rejected me twenty-four years ago." A Domestic Paradox. A queerish thing about our hired girl, Who got upyester morn and went away : Though very tightly laced, this kitchen pearl Was just the kind of girl that wouldn't stay. By the Roadside. First tramp : " I say, pard, hev ye any money?" Second tramp: "Nary red. I'm nothin' but a bloomin' — wot do ye call it ? —a chrysanthemum." First Tramp : " Wot yer mean?" Second Tramp: "Hain't got a scent." How He Got There. The tendency of adventures to grow with every repetition is amusingly illustrated by an incident told of a certain socially eminent young man recently returned from his travels. " So our friend B went to the top of Mont Blanc," said one acquaintance of his to another. "Not at all," was the reply. " But he said so," continued the former speaker, somewhat indignantly. " True ; but two months ago, when he re turned, he said he had hesn to the foot of ! Mont Blanc. Since then he has gradually j lied himself to the top." j It Frightened Him. I Landlord: "Good morning, sir; hope you enjoyed a good night's rest, sir?" i Traveller : " Yes, thanks, pretty fair." I Landlord : " Saw nothing of the ghost that is said to appear from time to time iu I the room you occupied ? " Travelbr: "Ah, j yes, I did though." Landlord: "And how did you get rid of the intruder?" | Traveller : " I offered him a glass of your ! wine, when lie vanished with a gesture of i supreme disgust." Landlord: "Oh! Ah! Well, I never ! " — Familien-Wochcnllalt. Hard on Watson. Binks : " Did you hear about Watson's whiskers ? " Jinks : "No; what was it? " Binks : " Why, they looked so homely that all tlie neighbours signed a petition asking Watson, as a matter of public policy, to shave them off." Jinks: " VVell, did he do it ? " Binks : '' Yes, he did' it." Jinks: ".Well, what then?" Binks: " Why, the very next day the neighbours signed a petition asking Watson, as a matter of public policy, to let them grow again." — Somerville Journal. The Last Resort. "Is this Mine. Pompom?" breathlessly inquired a man who had climbed several flights of stairs and been admitted into a darkened parlour. " It is," replied' the stately personage whom lie addressed. "The famous clairvoyant and fortune teller ? " " The same." " Do you read I h» mind ? " " With perfect ease." " Can yon foretell the future?" "The future holds no mysteries that I cannot unravel." "Can you unfold the past?" "The re cord of all things past is to me an open book." "Then," said the caller, feverishly, taking from his pocket a handful of silver, wish you would tell me what it is that my wife wanted me to .bring home without fail this evening, and name your price. Money is no object ! " — Chicago Tribune. Their Duty as Passengers. A certain town in the north of Yorkshire j is credited with an omnibus that carries first; second, aud third class passengers, j As the seats are all alike, the traveller is ; niy stifled,, but not for very long. Midway i 6f the route the omnibus, stops at the foot of a long, steep bill, and the guard shopf.s ; "First-class passengers, keep your seals. Second-class passengers, get out and walk Third-class passengers, get out and push." 