TASMANIAN PRESBYTERIAN SYNOD. The annual synod of the Presbyterian Church of Tasmania was commcnccd last | evening in St. Andrew's Church, Pattcnon street, when the majority of the Presby- I t* rian ministers of the colony and lay re presentatives were present. OFFICIAL HEBHON. After singing and prayer and reading a portion of Scripture the official sermon was preached by the Rov. John Lyle, M.A., who took for his text St. Matthew xxviii., 18, 20, 'And Jesus came and spake unto them, saying, All power is given unto mc in heaven and in earth. Go ye therefore and teach all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever 1 have commanded you ; and lo, 1 am with you always, cveu nnto tho end of the world.' The preacher referred to the pleasures and comfort* which arose to everyone from hope, how it in vigorates and fits men for action even in the presence of failure. It was capable even of offering long contiuued resistance to despair. Hope, too, was very fully possessed by tbe Christian, to whom it had & divine foundation and a holy vision, From Christ it draws power, and gazes into a future full of the triumphs of holiness. Springing from Him whose word cannot fall, whose work must be done, and whose character declares the miraculous in connection with the redemp tion of men, It elevates the Christian into a position in which he 1b above the world. The world for Jesus was something worth working for, and the hope of making this conquest should ever be an inspiration. He then gave two points for consideration, viz., ' A great work to be done,' and 'A great name in which to do it. To throw the mantle of Christianity over the world was what the ChuTch had been commissioned to do. The Gospel of the grace of God was for earth's utmoBt end. To make disciples of the nations implied the conquest of them lor Jesus. Christianity was not merely a name, but a conquering power. Tbe influence of Christianity at present touches nearly every land on earth, but still the conquest of the nations for Jesus as Bang was far from being accomplished. The glorious end to which it is pressing forward has a power over the sanctified imagina tion and develops the missionary spirit. A great purpose, with the means of fulfilling it, such as was had in Christianity, was fitted to make a deep impression in every Christian heart. It was through action in the heart that the world was to be made enbject to Jesus, and there the diffi culty arose, for the heart was not under the influence of love to Jesus, it was not a sharer in the willingness which was essen tial to our rising into the enjoyment of perfect spiritual freedom. To help a man who was not prepared to help himself was not only a difficult task, but one that gave little or nothing of thankfulness in return. The dead weight of unwillingness and inaction at present rested on the world, and tbe Church requires to put forth great efforts to remove it. It is through union with Jesus that men rise into freedom from condemna tion and spiritual death, and gain victories over their Bullishness and sinful passions. The salvation effected by Jesus goes to the depths of our lives, and from those depths it lifts us to the heights of spiritual and eternal freedom. Christians should work for this freedom by winning men for Christ the King. Love had been spoken of as the greatest thing in the world, and it was a grand requisite for the work given to the Church. It was a mighty motive power in many spheres. God is love, and acta from it, Tbe Becond point, ' A great name in which to do it' was a telling reference to the name of Jesus. When on earth He was a worker, and in heaven He works. Through His works we get glimpses of His greatness. Power, authority, character, and dignity ap peared in them when He was on earth. Christians should do their work in the great name of Jesus, They were often tempted to do it in their own name, because self rather than Christ was what the natural heart de sired, and it was bard for the Christian to rise above that at all timcB, and to cast his own name nndor the shadow of the pre eminence of Jesus. The true Christian worker was deeply conscious of his own weakness, but he had the power and authority of the Divine Head of the Church to rest on. He shares in the glory of a great name. It was for the Church of Christ to remember the greatness of the name of Him by whom and for whom it works. It was also tbe privilege of the Christian to let the shining lustre of living greatness help him onward when he undertakes His work. The work and the greatness of the name in which it was done should never be separated. With the authority of Him who sits upon the throne in glory they were to work for the making of othen sharen in the bonore which rest on those submissive to Jesus. Humbly tbe true living Christian passes into the glory tbat descends upon him from Jesus, and thankfully he works to give that glory to the nations, be works to make the great name of Jesus a mantle of glory to the world. A communion service was subsequently held, at which the Bev. James Scott, D.D., gave the address to the communicants. To-day the Synod will meet at St. Andrew's Chnrch at 10 a.m., when the usual devotional exorcises will he conducted prior to the business meeting which will commence at 1 1 a.m. 