MEN OF MUSCLE. | GIANTS THAT HAVE FIGURED I, PAST. 1. of Creton is perhaps the most known. He once ran a mile with an ox on his shoulders ; then, , with a blow ot his fist, ha killed the beast and ; ate it in one day. < The strongest mail could not take from Milo ( a pomegranate which he held between his two 1 I lingers, although a woman he loved is said to 1 j have dono it. He could break by contracting t his veins and muscles, a cord tied round his 1 forearm. O110 day, being in a house with some - pupils of Pvthngoraa, the ceiling threatened to , fall in, butMilo supported tho column on which ; •it rested, thus giving his friends time to escape, j His death is well known. Ho tried to tear j asunder the trunk of a tree, but his hands got - pinched in tho wood, and being unable to dis*. ] I engage them, he perished, devoured by wild , Thoagenes of Thasos, who, with a body like j that of Apollo and tho strength of Hercules, ( surpassed all his rivalB in all kinds of oxercisas, , won over 1,100 prizes. I Eurybate, Chilo, Euthymos, anil Astydamus 1 won also renown as wonderful atbletes. The strength of Samson is too well known to . need description here. ' I The Homan Emperor Cuius Julius VoruB , Maximus wa3 a marvel of strength, being able ■ to squeeze the hardest stone to powder with his - fingers. He was upwards of eight feet in ] height, and his wife’s bracelet could sorve him 1 as a finger ring. Salvius, of Rome, could walk up a ladder carrying 2001b. on his shoulderB, 2001b. in his ] hands, aud 2001b. fastened to his feet. 1 Athanatus could run round the arena carry- -j ing 5001b. fastened to his foet. ' : Iccus could hold the mOBt furious hull and - tear away his horns os easily as one would pull up radishes. . 1 Sc inderberg, King of Albania, who lived in 1 the fifteenth century, was reputed the strongest J man of his time. He was a man of great , stature, and the power of his arm was Buch that he thougnt nothing of catting two men iu halves with one single blow of his sword. Francis of Vivonne, Lord of Chasteignerave, who lived at the Court of Francis I. of France, could stop a hull by seizing it by tho Louis de Bouffiera, who lived in the sixteenth century, could break a bur of iron with his hands. The strongest man could not take from him a hall which he held between his thumb and first finger. While standing up, with no support what j ever, four strong soldiers could not niovo him: he remained as firm as a rock. Sometimes he amnsed himself by taking on his shoulders his own horse, fully harnesBed, and with that heavy load he promenaded the public square to the great delight of the inhabitants.. At about tho same time there lived a Spaniard named Piedro, who could break the strongest handcuffs that could he put round his wrists. He folded his arms on his chest, and ten men pulling in different directions with ropes could not unfold them. Augustus II., Elector of Saxony, was a man of greath strength; he could carry a man iu his open hand. One night he quietly threw out of a window a monk who paraded ma palace, pre tending to be a ghost. Augustus’s son, the famous Maurice, Marechal de Saxe, who commanded the French at Fontenoy, was also a marvel of strength. On one occasion ho twisted with his fingers only a long nail into a corkscrew, with which ho drow the corks of half a dozen bottles. Ho could break with his hands tho strongest horseshoe. One day when in London he had a row with a dustman, when he ecizsd the man by the head, and, throwing him in the air, let him drop right in the middle of his own dust-cart. The only oppouent who succeeded in resisting him was a woman, a Mdlle. Gauthier, an act ress. Maurice tried with her to see who could put down the other’s wrist, and after a long struggle she won, hut with the greatest difli Tfie power of Mdlle. Gauthier’s arm waB far beyond the common, and with her fingers she could roll up silver plates as easily as any one would paper. Thomas Topham, born in London in 1710, , was a man possessed of extraordinary strength. ■ Ho once lifted three casks filled with water and weighing in all 1,S36 pounds. He is said to have had the combined strength of 12 men. He could beud a stout bar of iron by hold ing the two ends with his hands, placing the middle of the bar behind his neck and bringing the two ends forward. He could also nndo what he had done—that is, straighten the bar again, a much more difficult feat. Ho broke a rope fastened on the ground that would sustain 2,0001b. weight, and lifted an oak table 6ft. long with his teeth, though a half hundredweight was hung at the extremity. With one hand he raised a man who weighed 27 atone. Once, seeing a watchman asleep in his box, he carried away both man and box a long dis tance. It is said of him that, having been placed on some duty at the entrance-gate of a racecourse, he refused to allow a four-horse coach to go through; on the driver whipping up his horseB and attempting to pass, Topham took hold of the hind wheels of the coach and upset it and its occupants into the roadway. ‘Topham, who kept a public-house in Isling ton, had a wife who quarrelled with him to j such an extont that she drove him to commit j suicide. Hercules, Samson, Milo and many j other wonders of bodily strength had to give way to a woman; so did Topham, apparently. At about the same time as Topham there lived another wonderfully strong man, Richard Joy, whose feats may poasibly have got mixed in records with those of Topham. Richard 3 Joy was already renowned for his marvellous • strength before Topham was horn. He was commonly known as the “ Kentish Samson”and the “Strong Man of Kent.” ~ Among other things, he could cope successfully against any powerful horse, lift a ton weight, 6 and snap a rope that bore 3,d00 pounds without 6 breaking, the latter being far more extraordin ary than Topham’s similar feat. \- He was drowned in a smuggling expedition some ten years before Topham’s death, and is , buried in the churchyard of St. Peter’s Church, ' near Broadstaiis. A Scotchman, said to be the last of the Stnarts, was also possessed of exaraordinary \- strength, from which circumstance he got the ' byname of Jemmy Strength. Among other ’ feats, he could carry a 24-pounder canoon, and , had been known to lift a cartload of hay j 'weighing a ton aud a half upon his back. 1 Many a time he took up a jackass, and, carry 1\. .-ing it on his shoulders, walked through the toll-gate. A Belgian giant could Btand up under two Jonathan Fowler, a Massachusetts fisherman, once walked out knee-deep through the mud and filth of a seashore at low tide to a shark left by the retiring waters, shouldered it, and . brought it alive on his back to the shore. The 1 shark weighed 500 pounds, quite a load, con sidering that it was not the most portable of articles, and that the man had to wade through J Dr Winship, the well-known American athlete, raised from the ground 1,4001b. . .A seaman on board the celebrated cruiser the > Alabama, a Scotchman named Sill, could, lift a ' man at arm’s length with > one hand. Abraham Lincoln, the martyr President, was a man of great strength. He could with one blow bury an axe in the trank of a tree deeper, than any other man, and he it aid to have thrown across the roadway a pigeon - house weighing 6001b. - 