THE CHIME OP CHIMES A Parable, An angel »u sent from heaven one day to see how the people cf the earth were faring in the lend that a munificent God had given them. He alighted on the brow of a bill in the early mom, and sa the mist cnrled up from the valleya he aaw beneath him fields yellow with golden harvest, and afar cfl the roofs of agreatoity. And as the sun roee and the night departed ail nature awoke with joyous sounds. The lark flew quivering with happiness to the skies, to eing, as near as might be to the gates rf heaven, her song of thankfulness, while beneath her fellow songsters repea ted the notes of her matin song. The ox; n in the meadows lowed contentedly to one another, and their warm breath rcse like olouds of ir cense from the earth shrine of the God of Day. These sights and eounda of earthly happiness so filled the angel's heart with gratitude that he knelt and adored the beneficent Diety who had created this joyous world. And when his odoratiens were over ho began to deecesd tbe hill, but of a sudden stopped, for acroai the plains and valleys there came a murmuring sound from where tbe people of. the city were awakening from their sleep. The angel listened for awhile, and then said softly: " 1 know not what may he, but ’tis aa the cry that rises whch those who are doomed to everlasting death see the gate of Paradise close and abandon Hope for axe.” So speaking he descended to the plain, and passed along a pathway through the fruitful meadows. Ha had not gone far when there came out from a hovel olose by the roadside, a toil- worn man, with stooping form and furrowed face and deep-set despairing eyes. And the angel, speaking to himself, Bald: “My God has seat me to find how it fares with man, whom Ho hath made in Hie own imsge, bnt enrely this canrot be such a one.” Therefore he said to the man, " What art thou ?” and he replied,111 am a slave.” Then said the angel, ” Where are thy gyves and shackles ? * and the man said, ” 1 seed them not, for there is no place wherennto I oonld flee, exoept I take refuge in' death.” And the sngel said, 'Wherefore art then a slave, ard unto whom?” and the man replied, “I am a slave to the lords of the land, beer use they own this earth, without tbe frnit* whereof no man can live.” And the angel arid, “ Hp.tb certain men denied their fellows a share in the fruitful soil, the universal gift of God P" “ Ay,” said the man, “ 'tis even so.” “ And on what conditions do they allow yon to toil in the fields ?” asked the angel. “ On condition that we render to them all the grain we grow, bnt tbe hnsks we may keep for ourselveB, and thereon life can just be sustained.” “And have they many slaves ?” said the heavenly visitant. “ Ay,” said the toiler, “ all men must render tribute to them, or else die; and so it has happened to many who have had nothing to give.” “ And what do the lords do with the tribute of their slaves said the angel, “ They and their favour ites consume it, they who live in the great city and never toil, who need not rise with the first light of dawn or sink with weari ness when the shadows fall.” Then the angel said farewell to the hapless toiler, and went sorrowfully on his way. And all day loDg he passed through the fruitfnl fields, and saw the men and women toil ing for the husks of the grain, while the fat oxen lay contentedly in the shade. And long after nightfall he oatne to the great city, and entered the silent B'reets thereof. Not far hsd he gone, when, from the shadow of a wall, there sprang a man upon him, who hoarsely said, “Give me money, or else die.” " Gently, brother,” said the angel, " I have nothing to give, nor iB it right yon should nse me so.” “ I starve,” said the thief with a low moan, and vanished liko a’ ghost. Nesr this soot, across the pavement, there flowed a stream of blood where a murdered man was lying on his back staring horribly at the Bilent stars. So the angel passed swiftly on, bnt at a street oorner a yonug girl, with wild, rcckleis eyes, stopped him, and said, “ Do with me what you will, but give ms money, for I starve." But tbe angel saving, “ Sister, forbear,” passed on again till be heard from tbe durknCBS a low faint cry, and stooping down saw, lying on a doorstep, a dead woman with shinnken •heoks, who still pressed with rigid arms a babe upon her breast. The augel took the yonng child in his armp, and even as he did so it straightened ont its little limbs and died. Then the angel closed the eyes of the poor mother, and carrying the dead infant, went quickly on to whero shouts of revelry oonld be heard —to the palace of one of the lords of the land. The golden gates were guarded, but he passed quickly through unseen, and entered the marbla palace and the mighty banquet-hall. From end to end tbe tables were thronged with perfumed revellers, while high on a dais above them all lay the lord of the land listening to lascivious music and applauding the danc irg of a wanton. And unseen the angel went to his side and laid in his lap the body of the child, and wrote upon the wall in letters of flame, “ This child whom then hsst murdered shall pronounce thy everlasting doom upon rite judgment day.” The angel then asoended to heaven, and said: “Thy earth, O God, is peopled by miserable slaves, over whom there reigns certain men called lords of the land, who have eaten np the fruits of their toil end robbed them of all Thy gift, except the hnskB of the grain, whereon they live. The beaets of the fiold and the birds of {the air rejoice, bnt the lot o* man, because ! of this thing, is one of misery.” IThen the Creator of the universe called the recording angel to His side, and said, “Blot out from the judgment book all record of tbe sins of men, and place therein | alone the names of those who have robbed j My people of the earth I gave, for from I this cause hath sprang all sin, and none I hut they shall bear the penalty.”—The j Beacon,. 