Ladies Chitchat. Mme. Casimir - Perier has followed the example of tier husband, the ex- President of France, and learned to ride on the bicycle. She practices daily with lime, de Bourqueney, wife of the former "introducer of ambassa dors." Mrs. Lnngtry is said to wear diamonds and other gems valued at £30,000 when she appears on the stage. Her dressing-room has accord ingly to be nightly guarded by a police officer. What trill she do now the jewels have been stolen? "When the Empress of Austria takes her daily walk of four or five miles, she wears a* short black dress that does not reach the ankles. She walks straight on wherever she wishes, and her Greek teacher follows dose behind, talking Greek or reading to her. She has to get a new teacher every year. A short while ago (says a London paper) a girl arrived at a country house, her impedi menta including a pair of girns, a Bet of golf clubs, a^icyde, a valet, and a maid; tho valet being wanted to act as a loader, rub down her bicycle, be caddie on the golf-links, and further more varnish her boots. "What next 2 The Baroness Langanau, of Vienna, who has been for some time a member of the Wesleyan community, was one of-the speakers at the Plymouth Wesleyan Conference recently. The Baroness gave an interesting account of a "Wesleyan mission which had been founded in the Austrian capital, where it managed to prosper in spite of considerable opposition from the authorities. The Queen does not approve of latchkeys. The young Princesses of Wales, so the story goes, recently resided at Buckingham Palace, and to avoid the formalities of the royal entrance they asked to he supplied with latch keys in order to let themselves oat and in by a side door. The matter was laid before the Queen, who sent word to the Princesses that she considered latchkeys ont of place at Buck ingham Palace. The Countess Giennoti, second lady of honour in waiting on the Queen of Italy, for some years worked in Newark, New Jersey, as a cigarette maker. She was born in Genoa 22 years ago, and went to America with her father, Carmine Giennoti, when she was a little girl. She returned to Italy at the age of 15, where she attracted the fancy of the Queen, and was made a personal servant. She speedily became a favourite, and eventually was made a countess. Americans are the only women in the world who do not by their dress indicate whether they are married or single. Of course those who follow in the wake of European etiquette would not appear with their daughters wear ing a hat without strings, but the universal American woman buys what she likes, regard less whether it he matronly or not; and, what FIGURE 2.—SMART COAT AHD SKIRT COSTUME. is -worse, her daughters will select articles of dress only suitable to married women. Among the Germans the badge of a married consists of a little cop or hood, of which they are very protid, and "donning the cap" is a feature of the wedding1 day among the peasant! of certain localities. The married women oi Little Russia are always seen, even in the hottest weather, with a thick cloth of dark hue twisted about their heads. In every country hut our own there is a sign or symbol of some kind that distinguishes the* matron from the spinster.' Miss Alma-Tadema has translated two of Maeterlinck's plays, and they will be published by Mr. Walter Scott in the Scott Library. The plays are "Pelleas and Melisande," and "The Sightless," both of which are regarded as representing some of Maeterlinck's best work. When a State ball is given at the Court of the German Emperor, all .the rooms are per* fumed by means of a specially-prepared scent, which is poured upon red-hot iron plates that are carried about the rooms before the guests begin to arrive. Then all the rooms are bril liantly lit np, the scent of amber fills the warm air, the soldiers in parade uniform and the lacqueys in gala arc at their posts, and the scenery of the coming festivity is complete. The Turkish Press censorship does not like lady journalists. Not long ago orders were issued to all the Turkish papers prohibiting them from accepting or publishing any contri butions written by women. A. few young ladies, more daring than others, continued sending papers of especial interest to their sex, without signing them, or under a masculine pseudonym. By some means or another the censor became aware of this stratagem. He therefore issued orders to the effect that no article of that character mu3t ever appear, under a very heavy penalty. Lovely woman in bloomers is to be im mortalized by a monument. This is the surest of all signs that bloomers have come to stay (says " Modern Society")* The monument will be erected in honour of Mrs. Amelia Bloomer, the woman who first wore bloomers, and who gave the costume its name. Her sisters who are starting this in* teres ting project are most of them bicycle riders, but the progressive woman suffrags element is in favour of it also. No definite plan has yet been formulated. The monument, when it is completed and dedicated, will show to an admiring world exactly how Mrs. Bloomer looked when she donned the first pair of bifur cated skirts. Every member of the British royal family abhors domestic red-tapeism and the tyranny of etiquette, and in the home of the Prince and Princess of Wales at all events there is very little it. The princess is still as fond as she was in her girlish days of needlework of all kinds. She has her sewing machine, and works it too. and some eight or nine years ago, when a certain novel way of dress cutting and making was much in vogue, she and her daugher had a special teacher of this method, with the result that tho three young princesses might often be seen in neatly fitting gowns mime at home by their own hands and those of their mother. • An indignant American woman has been vigorously using ber pen to attack the social shams of America—those of New York in par ticular. She says:—" This is the day of shams. I know a woman who is supposed to entertain lavishly, yet who rarely receives a guest. I call her functions 1 ghost parties,' because they are only the shadows of the substance, the event itself being purely imaginary. Why, that woman has gained her reputation for entertaining, and has received no end of dinner invitations on absolutely nothing at all! I have suspected her tactics for soma time, and now I am quite sure that what I assert is indeed true—that in nine cases out of ten her dinners are purely imaginary. She has a clever way of finding out who is engaged, to whom, and then she asks people who she knows cannot come to her house, and so scores to her social account, with, no other outlay than her crested paper and dainty seal.'* Now that the Duchess of York begins to rank as a leader of fashion instead of a copyist her taste for early Victorian jewellery may (says a writer in a home paper) bring about such revivals as the big brooch, long earrings, and portrait locket, which were all of them good for trade in their day.* No ornament baa been better abused than the earring, and its detractors have vied with one another in the quality of their adjectives when describing it. Yet the earring evidently supplies some in definite, mysterious want of human nature, and. was once worn by men of the highest rank and endowments, besides women. It will have its turns of popularity,- on and off, as long as mortal creatures bedeck themselves with, feathers, flowers, laces, and precious stones, in addition to necessary apparel. Having diminished of late years to a mere speck, scarcely visible, its time for becoming much larger is about due. A little royal encourage ment, and plenty of beads would soon be sparkling with peardrop pendants of the astonishing length once favoured by our estimable Sovereign. 