CURF(EE. . (Written for the Arous.) Though the station-hands all called him Billy, his tribe-men knew him as Curree, which is Emu. Aged 20, lithe and well- built, Billy was one of the hardiest of the men whose names were on the roster. VHe was no paragon of goodness. To his natural vices, he had added all those of the white man. Rum had a strong fascin ation for him, he could swear as pro foundly as the mate of a trading vessel, his capacity for artistic thieving was un paralleled. On the other hand, he had no equal in tracking strayed cattle, could ride like the wind, didn't know the meaning of the word danger. In short, his character was complex. The Storekeeper came np to the office one morning in a kicking humor. The Jr; Boss was checking the month's accounts, "|-:While I, the Clerk, was fixing up the pay- h ' sheet. Corriewidge is a model station ana us worsen on a system. The Storekeeper, as I said before, was kickable. His red hair, which ever showed the state of his temper, stood up all tangled and squiffy. f Well, Jim, what now ?" The Boss \- laid down his pen and waited; \ j " Them blanky hammers. Nine of 'em .-las'- night, gave 'em all the reglar, and strike me if one of 'em '11 chop a stick this mornin'. That ain't unusual, but one of th' coves says as he's goin' to play hell with Corriewidge. Told me to tell you v. hir name was David Philp. aii' you'd Q ('member him." I w> " David Philp— David Philp," the Boss mused awhile over the name. 44 Ah ! yes, I recollect the scoundrel. Made a row when 1 was at Goodooga. Killed a nig ger, and Iigot him seven years for it. So file's out of gaol, is he ? 1 most tell the men to keep their eyes open, or we'll he having the fenceB burnt and the cattle staked. Thanks, Jim. I suppose he's away by now?" j ; n = "These two honrs." " 44 Alright. Tell the boys to be on the alert." When the Storekeeper had disappeared the Boss told me the brief story of Philp. , These were his words — ,'VPhilp was one of our boundary-riders. Like many of his kind, for want of other . society, he picked up with a native woman. ' i ! Gurrah, the lubra's man, grew jealous and made a hubbub. Poisoned Philp's dog and did two or three other things he ought not to have done. Philp came across Gur rah away from the homestead one day and the two fell to words. The upshot was that Philp rode over Gurrah, knocked him down and let his horse trample the lire out ux mm. Dome station-managers : would have hushed up an affair of that kind, but I believed, and do so still, that darkies deserve just as fair treatment as white folk. So I let the troopers do their 0 o doty, and the jury found the rascal guilty 0 .H-'of manslaughter. He blamed me for his sentence, arguing that I should have crot fiikn off." 6 I queried, "Do you think his threats amount to anything ?" " Possibly," the Chief replied, as he lit cigar, " Philp was always a cranky, cross-grained devil." , ! Although .all the hands were instructed to keep a sharp look-out for fire-sticks and stakes, for over a week no one had aught to report, nor had Philp been seen. "Blatherskite!" was the Boss's com ment at the end of seven days. On the eighth morning after Philp's threat, the Cook, who had been down to \- the slaughteryard for meat, brought up word that twenty prime beefers had been found dead in one of the paddocks. 44 Poisoned, I think, sir," he volunteered, -7 as he gave me the message. ; . A post mortem disclosed that the Cook's opinion was correct : an irritant poison had caused death. "D n him," ejaculated the Boss, standing by the side of a quartered beast. 44 This is too much of a good thing. I must stop it." Half a dozen men were ordered to search the station for the suspected poisoner and to drag him, when caught, up to the House. v This seemed an easy enough task to sot men who knew every inch of the property, extensive though it was, but nightfall saw the men back at the huts, with only failure to report. -This was bad. . ; The Boss would not believe that Philp had left the station, with which opinion I agreed. Where, then, was he ? While we were standing out in the open discussing this important problem, Jackey, a 13-3'ear old aboriginal whose time was occupied assisting the Cook — when he was not climbing trees after 'possums — rushed up, trembling with fright. His eyes stood out from his head, beads of terror-created perspiration rolled down his cheeks, his hair glistened in the darkness. " Hullo, Jackey," I exclaimed, as the yoiihgBfer almost bumped into me, " what's the matter ? Is the bunyip after you ?" 44 Ch! Missa Brecken, debbil-debbil chasum me." What ?" 44 Big debbil-debbil, Missa Brecken, tllum white, downuin Cripps' hut." Cripps' hut was an old ramshackle col lection of slabs, the last relic of the orig- . , .inal men's quarters. Cripps had been a drover, who had died of a broken neck. He. was thrown from bis horse against a " tree, going home one dark night. He I must; Have struck the tree head first. Any way, the next morning he was found a corpse, near the hut, while on the tree- trunk over the grass below were splodges and pools of blood. Of course, the tree died and grass never grew again where the gore was spilt. It is a peculiar fact that the blood of a man murdered or killed in an accident always causes the death of the vegetation on which it drops. : We supposed, for we had no cause to suspect otherwise, Cripps' death to be the resnlt of an accident. Therefore, when . the rhands began to talk of Cripps' ghost being seen where he was discovered, we at the Honse, spurning such foolish notions, tried to laugh the men out of their belief. -We might just as well have tried to move ' one of the Pyramids of Egypt. Periodi cally the spook was reported to make its appearance and there were not three men on the station who would venture near Cripps' hut after nightfall. Billy was one of the exceptions. Were the devil himself to appear to that remark able: character, lie would have , been hailed up for a pipe of 'bacca or a lucifer. As soon as Jackey's terror lessened, the Boss and I ascertained that the boy had been to the creek for water. As he was 7 returning, he saw a figure, all white and r 'sliiny; close to;the hnt. The figure moved, '-and jackey, thinking it was coming' his way, dropped his buckets and ran. "All! my delightful friend Philp, you're .trying -to raise, a little circus, are yoif?"" Wei), ' we'll see who'll have the j most fun. Jackey, tel! Billy I want hiui." j When the frightened darkie had disap peared in quest of his Mentor, the Boss turned to me. "Prompt measures are necessary in this affair. Of course, I don't know that Philp is the spook, but I think he is — this time. Now, if we raise a hue and cry, he'll most likely trick us, as he did the men ' to-day. I propose to put Billy on to this job, make a detective of him, so to speak, and if there's any dam- phoolefy to be squared up, the darkie will square it." Billy presented himself all smiles and rags. 44 Missa Boss wantum me ?" "Yes, Billy. Jackey says he seen Cripps' ghost down at the hut. Now I don't believe in debbil-debbil, neither do you. I think this ghost is man Philp — you know, swagman. Philp he say he play Hades with Corriewidge. We no find him to-day when hunt, but think you be able catch him you go down to Cripps'. Moonee f" 44 Moonee , Missa Boss." 44 Want you to go very quiet, likeum dingo, you understand ? If you findum PhilD brine- him to me. Believe he noison cattle. Verj' bad man." 44 Billy catch him, Missa Boss," the nig ger's eyes twinkled at the prospect of fun ; 44 but spose he no come when catch ? Dead or alive ?" Billy had mixed with the troopers and had picked up several of their phrases. 44 Dead or alive, Billy, 4 One hundred pounds reward, dead or alive,' eh ? " The Boss laughed as he used the old bushrang- ing-reward formula. " Him name Philp, Missa Boss ?" 44 Teatte." 44 Philp him kill Gurrah over Goodooga?" "Yes." " Billy catchum Philp, bet yer boots. Philp heap wahina." Billy was away from the verandah and out of eight ere we had finished chuckling over his queer mixture of terras. 44 1 had forgotten Billy was old Gurrah's son," said the Boss, as we went indoors for our nightly round of nap. 44 1 guess Philp'll have a rosy time of it if the nig ger gets his claws on him." 44 I'll go nap." We had been playing for over an hour when I made this mo mentous assertion. I looked towards the Boss as I spoke and caught sight of Billy standing in the doorway leading from the verandah. For a moment I discarded the game. 44 Well, Billy," I asked, 44 You didn't catch the debbil-debbil ?" 44 My word, Missa Brecken, Billy catch um. Him fight hard, tho'. Missa Boss he say alive or dead, Billy obeys Boss's orders." 44 Where is he ?" the Boss rose as he put the question. " ciiiy got him." Our sable servitor carried a soogee hag over his shoulder, and to place this on the ground, open the mouth and drag forth the still bleeding head of David Philp, took but a moment. 44 Alive or dead, Missa Boss say. Philp kiilum my fader, me kill him. My word, but he fight." R. de S. 