HORSERACING. Bt waxy, The racing outlook, sayB " Veno " Oapri- corniau), in tliis diatriob (Rookhumpton) Ib far from cheering. Tho Bpread of 11 grass-fed " meetings in the western districts is fast driving all tho beat hoTSBB out of tho control division, for tho important corn-fed meotings in Rock- hampton are too fur botwocn to afford anything like occupation for trainera and horses, and fchore is nothing to do but leave tho dis- trict. This iB what ownors aro doing. Already Bloodwood, Ironsides, Nemo, and Enrlaton havo departed, and First Demon and Milo will follow in a few days. Thoao horses wore among tho host in tho division, and their departuro leaves tho district almost bare of rueo- hurses of a good clans. It is also probable that others will follow, for tho outtingdown of prize inonoy, locally, makos tho inducement for keep ing u racing stud less and less overy year. With big prizes there would bo tho chunco of good horses coming hero from the south, and tho animals owned hero coming back again, but as thiugs arc there is no induoemont, and it is quite clear that future moorings will suffer, unless something bo dono to improve matters. Of the«o grass-fed xncotings tho IVestem Ohamvion, quoted by " Vono," writes: Grass- fed racing ho become demoralised to an ex tent uover contemplated by tho original pro moters, and instead of evory raeo run being contested by ridors who race solely for the sport, as a man might play billiards with » friend, for honour and glory, and tho coat of tho table, tho races are run as raera machinery for tho owners to make a haul from their com bined investment in oalcuttus, doubles, totalisa- tors, and tho books. Tho number of dead horses comnclingin cnoh ovnnt at ruoent meetings could hardly bo credited, and only ithappous that the dead aro occasionally galvanised into life, to moot some sudden oineruenoy, or thut palm oil causes the reins so groused to slip through a rider's fingers, tho publio would have tho plea sure of witnessing only the semblance of racing, no more real than tho terrific struggles between play-actors on tho stage. Tho champion Is one who 1 loves and knows. North Rockhumpton Tattersall'a Club adver tise & day's racing on December 10. The addod money comes to £60, and nominations olose on Friday, 29th (this day), with tho secre tary, Mr. T. II. Tilligo. The Mount Morgan Turf Club offer £81, to bo run for on Boxing Day. The principal event is tho T.G. Handicap, 26 sovs. Nomina tions for this and other events on December 16. Tho report of Uockhampton Tattersall's Club points 14 with pleasure" to a net profit on the year's transactions of £76 10s. 4d. Weights for the Queensland Cup and Sand- gate Handicap, to bo run at tho Q.T.C. spring mooting on December 10 und 14, were declared early on Tuesday morning, aud on tho whole tho handicapper has dono his work well. Waterfall, with a pound more to carry, and half a milo further to go than at Wagga, is not crushed out, though Mr. Oxcnham may think twice before Heiidiug him up to hump 9 at. 13 lbs. against, horses whoso class may bo rookoncd a good bit higher than that to whioh tho lot ho defeated at Wagga belonged. Trance has re ceived a steadier, which she owos perhaps as much to her oloventh hour withdrawal from tho Southport Handicap us to her merits. Still tho weight will prevent her being a very short priced favourito, and a good' murkot, aud per haps a shuro of tho sweep, may induce her ownor to send his mare to the poBt. Il' Clytho were ull right lie should beat Mr. Thurston's maro at even woiglita, but Iquoatioii his ability to give weight to Avenue, a bettor, though hardly so consistent a por- formor, Chaptor und verso could not, perhaps, bo quoted to doinnnstruto Premier a better horso than Clytho, for tbo sou of Buckthorpe has been messed about in tho stable nnd on the courso. Ho has run bril liantly when obviously unfit, boon riddon mo»t injudiciously, or eccentrically," when fit to rim for a kingdom, but he has given us glimpses or hints of form nnd olnss under peculiar circumstances, from whioh wo are at liborty to draw our own inference as to his real powers, if not to force our conclusion down our neighbours' throats. Avonuo is nicoly in nt 6 lbs. less, or 9 ot. 4 lbs., and Nowbold has a fairly earned concession, being droppod to 8 at. 12 lbs. At thoHUino weight Spleudido has nothing to complain of, but I fear ebo is not tho maro sho used to bo, and even at 7 Rt. 12 lbs. I should not bo fond of her ohanco. On hor running sinco her disqualifi cation I fear she has not tho ghost of a show, and it is difficult to boliovo that hor owner has-been waiting so long these impecunious times. Tornado is fairly well treated at 8 sfc. 7 lbs., and Irish Stew may havo a chnuco, at 7 st. 13 lbs,, of a plnoo. Mr. Oxonham's second string, Laura, is a nicely bred one, by Niagara — Cerise and Blue, but has not yet run up to tho pedigree, though now four yours old. At two years old she won onco. Last season sho ran three timos without winning. Thin year her record is five races and no bracket, but at 7 Bt. 12 lbs. sho might possibly havo a ehauco. Milo's weight won t troublo him. His stable mate, First Demon, lias 3 lbs. more than whon ho wou the l£ milo Midsummer Handicap at tho Farm, iu 2 mins. 391 sees., on January 1, 1891 ; ho was then fivo years old. And though ho is not likely to havo improved since then, ho has no ground for action against tho hundioapper. Duke of Atliol, Posilivist, and Golden Plover are doubtloss good horses when proporiy plaond, but nothing accomplished points to either as a likely Cup horso, over 2 miles. Gldswood, I understand, isEory backward at present. Archie's Duughtor nfc 0 efc. 7 lbs., or 11 lbs. under her weight for ago, is fnirly thrown into tho handi caps, but though sho may havo followers, I an not ono of thorn, at all events for tho present 'ITio swoop inonoy may keep tho fiold up t< tho average in point of number. Waterfall and Laura aro not entered for th Sundgate Handicap, their pluocs being filled bi Advunca and Darion, while the absence uf Posi- riviat and Duke of Athol reduces tho Sandgat Himdicttp nominations to 16, or two less than for tho Cup. Tito weights throughout aro rela tively tho sumo as in tho 2-milo rnoo, Trance, &o; , being raised 2 lbs. Advance und Daricn havo 7 st. aud 7 nt. 2 lbs., and I have a sneak ing rogard for the latter, who Boomed susceptible of considerable improvement at tho Into meeting. Waterfall, on his Wngga form, must havo u show for tho Cup. if ho comoa up, for granting thut Premier, Clytho, Avenue, and one or two others, porhaps, aro a long way hotter than Klndorspicl and Co., who finished ?bohind Oxonhum's colt, tlioy aro handicapped quito up to tho limit of thoir superiority. ».!?., nujjpouiug their form to bo 21 lbs. to 2 st bettor than tho defeated Wugga Cup horses, thoy liavc tho woight up, whioh still loaves Wnterfull with a "margin," for ho won.nt Wugga very easily, though tho time was realh 2.49, notas wirou 2.40. On tho chunco of his coming up then, I shall include him among tho likely lot, the rest of them boing Clytho, Premier, Avenuo, Nowbold, and Tornado. It will bo time .enough to look for tho winner by- atid-by. The Q.T.C. general entry oloBed on Tuesday with 112 nominations for nine raoes, or an avcrago of between 12 and 13 per race— nine for tho Trial, nine for the Welter, nlno for the Doncaater Handicap (two-yoar-olds), and 19 for tho December Handicap. For tlie second day'H races there are 21 in tho City Handicap, nine in the two-year-old Hurbrough Plato, fivo in the Hurdlo Race, and 26 in tho Final Handicap. In tho two-year-old races thoro is a brace of now comers, tho Archie— Alma colt, Cuirassier, and Lord Baldwin, u brother to Nowbold, Bon Bolt, Goldcnstono, &o.; Bubol is nominated in tho Deocmbor, City, and Final Handicaps. The "samo old rnokoa " aro numod for the hurdles — fivo in cnoh— and tho povorty-striokon ontry for theso jumping ruces each mooring shonld bo quito sufiloicnt justification for thoir withdrawal from futuro programmes, A weight-for-ngo race and a celling plate would havo boon far moro uttruo- tivo and profitable items iu this programmo. Tho entry on tbo whoio, however, must bo oon- aidorcd highly satisfactory. For tho elovon racos on tho card, including tho Cup and 8iradgato Handicap, thcro is a total of 144 nominations, or an average of over 13 per ruoo. "Gray's starting muohino failed to xno&t; with tho approbation of trainers nqd othora, who oritiouuy examined and tested it," -says tho London Sparttmun. Apropos, the Sydnoy Daily Tikgwph writes ; " Nothing could bettor illustrate tho oonBorvatlsm of English sportsmen." The English sportsman may, bo, of courso dull and blind, because ho # fails to see tho beauty and adopt ability of any Australian notion, but, after all, there is somothing to: bo said for him. There hua been no starting difficulty in tlio old country, such ns has for years spoilod tho onjoyment and roused tho indignation of tho Australian racing publio, dashed tho hopes and ruined the forfcuuea of ownors, trainers, and . backers ; and, frco from tho Australian disease, tho English sportsman may bo pardoned if ho fails to see the benuties of, or the necessity for, tho Australian spoclfio. The Btartiug muohino, us worked ut Euglo Farm and Albion Park (tho limit of iny experience of it), is only a purtiul suc cess. It is popular with tho public, because it h»s dono away with the vexatious delays at tho Sost, but it is very very seldom that it espntohe its fields on ovon tonus, or that ono or two lior.-cs are not left standing, tail first or broudsido on, after tho burrier hu« risen. A really good start, indeed, is tho exoeption rather than the rule. When ono does occur its rarity eliciis rounds of applause for tho man who 'flukes it. An English expert with thn flags, who despatches his horses, wheu on tho movo, makes really bettor starts, moro satisfactory to owners, trainers, jockeys, &c.;, than the machine docs, and tho expert is not the raro bird in tho old country that, ho is hero. Undor him the delays at tho poat uro scarcely moro frequent than with rho machine, which, when smashed, as it often is by unruly boys or horses, takes a long time to ropnir, and it is quito tho excoptlon for an English starter to ruin a horso's show, ovon for u short ruce, by over looking him, and leaving him behind. I am no advocate for a return to tho old method, for the storting ut tho Farm and the Bark, owing to tho complete dcmorn ligation of tlio jockeys, boforo tho adoption of tho mnchino, whs utterly and hopelessly bad — the worst, per haps, in the world. Nor am I bribing tho muohino for faults, most of which thoso who work it aro responsible for, but I want to. show rhat tho sneer ut English conservatism, at least on this point, is uncalled for, ai d that English sportsmen .ire not to blame because they fail to udmit, on sight, tho perfection of an Australian invention which maybe avast improvement on old Australian methods, but whioh presents no very marked superiority ovor existing English practice. Tho Tiavo Race Club advertise a day's sport on Decombor 26. The added money comes to between 30 and 40 sovereigns, divided among ix races ; tho big event being tho Tiaro Handicap, 11 sovs., 1 milo. Tho olub is registered undor Queensland Turf Club rules, and nominations lor all handicaps, oxaopt the " Forced," must he iu the hands of tho local secretary, on or before December 24. at 8 p.m. At Warwick Farm last week Jack tho Ripper's sister, Princess, carried 9 st. 7 lbs. into second place in tho Farm Stakes, 4 furlongs, won by Nell Gow, four years. 7 st. 2 lbs. There was a big fiold behind the Qucenslandcr, who wus unlucky to show her hand so soon after her arrival in Syduoy. Her owner is a straight goer, however, and his bold bid forvictory may not tell nguinst him in future handicaps. In winning the Canterbury Cup, 2j- miles, Euroolydon broko the Australasian record for the distance, his tiino being 3 mins. 67 sees. -Up to this porformanco, Dreadnought's Aus tralian Cup in 3 mins. 69 sees , wus the record south of tho line. Major George (writes the Sydney Daily Telegraph) says Euroolydon is tho buitt colt ho over camo uoross, und thoro is no mistake about tbe tiino, which wus oheckod by several reliable watch-holdcrs. Good as it is, it remaiuB 2 sees, slower than Shoon's Now- market record, mado when the son of Hampton won the Cnjuurowitch in 3 mins. 65 booh., tho CiesarflwitoU course being 35 yards over tho miles. Tho T'ownsvillo Turf Club mado a profit of £00 ovor the Into spring meeting. The club will hold a race meeting on Now Year's Day, whon prizo mnnay to the amount of nearly £300 will bo run for. Mt. Morris Harris, for manv years secretory of the Rookhumpton Tutter.-ull's Olub, and one of its founders, and beforo that socrctury of the N.D.J.O., Dalby, bus loft Rookhampton nnd taken a lease of the Metropolitan Hotel, Mackay. Tho racohorso Harvester, onoe tho champion of tho north, is in liquidation, having beou handed over to tho Official Trustee In In solvency, who was to soil him last Saturday by auorion. The Assyrian, wIiobo death at "Waverly, Tasmania, on Monday lost is roported, was ono of tho lucky winners of the Molbourno Cup, who owed his viotory, Kko Glenloto, to tht wot going. His viotory was achieved in 18S2, under 7 st. 13 lbs., tho time being 3 inins. 40 sees. Ho was then 5 years old, so that he died at tho ago of lSyenrfl— not a' very old liorse. Ho was tho sire of Boino fnirly good performers, but of nothing hotter than or oven as good as himself Eiridaforde, who " went off " so suddenly on tho ovo of the great spring meetings, seoms to bo "on tho improve" again, for with 8 st. 5 lbs. on his back ho won th«i Sandhurst Cup, 1 milo, ut Bendigo J.O. meeting, ou Wednes day, in 2 mins. 12 sees. Ohovulior was second, undor 6 Rt. 9 lbs., and Tellus third, under 7 st. 4 lbs. 