[ATJ, QUEENSLAND BIGHTS BESERTED-] ONS OF ■■FIRE!*. t MISS BRABDOR, AUTHOR OP ' ."lady imflley'g Secret," "The Fatal Three," "Wyllard'i Weird," " The Say Will Came," Tho> Art the 3Ca>!" &.c~, 4c. CHAPTER JL2L. V l.—{Continued.) . [ ULAN did-not tell his mother that fever was inevitable, a phase of African life "which every traveller most reckon with. He represented African travel as a perpetual holi day in a land of infinite beauty. " Would Patdngton go back there if it were not a delightful life?" he argued. "He has not to get his living there, as the poor fellows have who grill and bake themselves for half a lifetime in India. He goes because he loves the life." "He goes to shoot big game. He is a horrid, bloodthirsty creature." Iattle hy little, however. Lady "Emily had allowed herself, to be persuaded that Central Africa .was not so hideous & xenon as 6behad supposed. She was told that there were bits of country like Suffolk, a home-like Arcadan on the shores of Nyassa which would remind her of her own farm. "Then why not make that district your headquarters?" she argued, appealing to Pat riDgton. " We shall have no headquarters. We Bhall wander from one interesting spot to another. We shall settle down only in toe Masika sea- ! son, when travelling is out of the question— not so much because it couldn't be done as because the blackies won't do it. They are un commonly careful of themselves; won't budge in the rains, won't takga canoe on the lake, if there's a bit of a swdl on." "I am glad of that," sighed Lady Emily, with an air of relief; "lam very glad the negroes are prudent and carefuL" " A deuced deal too prudent, my dear Lady Emily.'' The men were sitting at a table looking at a map, one of Patrington's own rongh maps, scrawled and splotched with a blunt quill pen. He was showing Allan where more scientific map-makers had gone wrong. "Here's the Lualaba, yon see, and here's the little wood where we camped—I seldom use a tent if I can help it, but there wasn't a village within ten miles of that spot." . The door was opened, and a servant an nounced "Mr. Wornock." Allan started up as Geoffrey entered- It "was half-past ten—Slateham bedtime. "Ton have come to bid ua good-lye,'1 Allan said, recovering his self-possession as they shook bnn<3«. "This is very kir"? and friendly of you." "I have come to do nothing of the kind. I want to join your party, if you and your friend will have me." He spoke in bis lightest tone; bnt he was looking worn and 31, and. there were all the ttgns of sleeplessness in his haggard face. "I know it's the eleventh hoar," he said, "bnt I heard yon say,"looking from Allan to Patzington, "that your important preparations have to be made at Zanzibar, where you bay most of the things you want. I—I only made up my Tnfad this evening, after dinner. There is nothing for me to do in England. I get so tired of thimcs " "Andyour mother?" hazarded Allan, feebly. " My mother is accustomed to doing without me. I believe I only worry her when I anr'at home. Will you take me Carew ? Yes, or no ?". ""Why, of conrse it is yes, Mr. Wornock," exclaimed Lady Emily, coming from the other end of the room, where' she had been folding tip her work for the night. "Allan, why don't you introduce Mr. Wornock to me ? " She was radiwt, charmed at the idea of a third traveller, and such a traveller as the Squire of Discombe. a It seemed to lessen the peril of the expedition, that this other man should want to go, should offer himVif thus ■ lightly, on the eve of departure. I She shook hands with Geoffrey in the friend- ' liest way, looking at the wan, worn face .with keen interest, lake Allan? Yes, he was 1tk», hut not so good- looldng. His features were too sharply cut; his hollow cheeks, and sunken. eyes made him look ever so much older than AHflyij thought the mother. '* Of conrse they will take you," she said, looking from one to another. "It will make the expedition ever so much 'pleasanter for them both. They will feel less lonely." "I ain't afraid of loneliness," growled Patrington; "but if Mr. "Wornock really wishes to go with us, and will fall into our plans, and not want to make alterations, and upset our route now and again, I'm agreeable. It isn't always easy for the men to get on smoothly, you Bee. Even two don't always hit it—Burton and Spoke, for instance. There were bothers." "You shall be my chief and captain." pro tested Geoffrey, "and if you should tire of me, well, I can always wander off on my own hook, you know. I could start by myself, now, take my chance and trust to native guides, choose another line of country, where I couldn't molest you — " "Molest! My dear "Wornock, if you are really in earnest, really inclined to join us as a pleasant thing to do,. and not a caprice of the moment, I shall be glad to have you, and I think Patrington will have no objection," said Allan, hastily. " ' • \ "Hot the slightest. VI only want unity of purpose. Yon don't look in the best possible health,." added Patrington, bluntly ; if but yon canrongh it, I suppose?" ! "Yes; Jam not afraid of hardships.** I "I should like to have a few words with von \ before anything- is settled, if yoa will take a ! tarn on the terrace,'* eaid Allan, and on ; Geoffrey assenting, he went over to the glass door, and led the way to the gravel walk out side. v The ruin was over, and the moon was shining : ont of a ragged mass of cloud ""Why do you leave this place, now, when you are master of the situation ?" Allan asked abruptly, -when he and Geoffrey had walked a few paces, "I am not master, no more than a beaten hound is master. I have mastered nothing, not even the lukewarm regard which she still professes for you. She has thrown you over, but I am not to be the gainer. I went to her directly I knew $he was free. I offered myself to her, an adoring slave. But she would have none of me. She did not love yon enough to be your wife: but for me she had only con tempt, cruel words, mocking laughter that cut : me hkc a bunch of scorpions. I am frank with yon, Carew. If I had a ghost of a chance I would follow her to Schwalbach, to the Riviera, aU round this globe on which we crawl and suffer. Distance should not divide us. But 1 am too much a to pursue a woman who scorns me. I wont to forget her; I mean to forget her: and I-think I might have a chance if I went with you and your chum yonder. I should like to go with you, unless you dislike me too much to be happy in my company." " Dislike you! No, indeed, I do not.** " Fm glad of that. My mother is vexy fond of you. You have been to her almost a son. It will comfort her to think that we are together, together in danger and difficulty, and if one of us should not come hack——" • Nonsense, Wornock. Of coarse we are coming back. Look at Patrington " "An, but be has been a solitary traveller. When two go, there is always one who stays." " If you think that, you hadvmuch better stop at nome." "No, no; the risk is the best part of the business to a man of my temper." It's the toss-up that I like. Heads, a safe return; tails, oeath in the wilderness—death by niggers, wild beasts, flood, or fire. I go with my life in my hand, as the catch phrase of the day has it; and if there were no Hazards, no danger— well, one might as well stay at home, or polo at Simla. Allan, we have been rivals, but not enemies. Shall we be brothers henceforward?' " Yes, friends and brothers, if you will ? " They went back to the Mandarin-room, and when Lady Emily had bidden them good night, the three men fit up pipes and cigars, and talked about that wonder- world of tropical Africa, and what they were to do there, t31 the night grew late, and the Manor groom, dozing on the settle by the saddle-room fire after a' hearty sapper of beef and beer, questioned querulously whether his guv'nor meant to go home before daylight. 