A BITTER DEBT. By ANNIE S. SWAN. A TALE OF THE BLACK COUNTRY. CHAPTER XL VI.— Continued). mary's view. ' Why, bless me, Mary, it was the most natural thing in the world — an ordinary everyday accident. We met; Miss Rylands, and she asked us. You can jump on Charlie. It was entirely his doing; though I confess I thought nothing of it.' The Justice seems to have taken a dif fornnh view. Steve, anvhow. Thev had a scene, and she left the house, slept all night at the Charing Cross Hotel, and came down, to mo to-day to ask what she would do next. Did you ever know anything more awkward 1' 'It is awkward — deuced awkward,' said Hardress, biting his lips. ' What did she mean by coming here? It is the very worst thing she could have done. It'll put the old fool into a lunatic asylum' when he hears of it.' 'You needn't be so hard on him, Steve,' said Mary, rather sharply. ' I'm not particularly fond of the Justice myself, but I like fair play, and I think he has reason to be angry. As for Pris, I'm disappointed in her.' Hardress held his tongue. He wanted badly to contradict her, but was in a corner, and, thought he had better keep quiet. 'What's to be done, then. How ?have you advised her?' 1 ' There is only one way to advise her j :. 'to go back at once. She is still obstinate, however, and declares she won't — that there are hotels in Guildford, and all such nonsense ; and the poor thing has 'only three sovereigns in her pocket. I daren't let myself be sorry for her, for Homebody must be firm with her till this crisis is past.' ' Well, and what are you going to do T' queried Steve, pulling the ends of his moustache, and hitting his foot im patiently against the table leg. He was much disturbed. Mary saw that, and it strengthened her resolve. ' She must go back to London to her husband to-day, if I take her myself.' ' And if she won't?' - ' Then she must stay hore, and I'll go to London and fetch him down.' Hardress could not repress a smile at the energy with which his sister delivered herself of these resolves. This smile, though innocent enough, aggravated Mary, and sho showed it in a most unusual little flash of temper. ' It's nothing to smile at, Stevo, I do assure you. Lives have beon wrecked and ruined from many a simpler cause,' she said sharply. ' Tho thing is clear. If Pris is to stay here, you and Charlie cortainly must go over to Ponshurst.' ' Why, it can't make the thing any worse. Tho fact that she has come hero at all will be enough for tho old man. Since ho is so suspicious without the ghost of a cause, things couldn't well look worse than they do.' Mary turned away from him a trifle hurt and sore. She did not like her brother's mood, and it seemed hard that she should get so little help from him, especially as he was tho root of the whole matter. While Steve, more seriously concerned than he would own, and re gretting most heartily his own share in it all, was meditating what to say nest, the interview was suddenly ended by Mary walking straight out of the room. She vent to tha morning-room, where conversation between the three was cor tainly languishing, and asked Pris to come upstairs. As Hardress, rather put out, came from the library into the hall, he caught sight of their skirts vanishing on the stair. Mary took Pris into her own room and sat down opposite to her. Pris, my dear,' she began, ' I don't in the least know what to do with you.' ' You needn't do anything ; I'll go away now, and I'm very sorry I came to troublo you,' said Pris, a trifle stiffly. Mary could have shaken her. ' Don't bo silly. It is not the trouble I am talking of at all. It's the misery of the whole thing. Will you not lot me take you back to your husband ?' 'No, I won't. If he wants me hej can seek for' me,' said Pris, with the utter unreasonableness of a spoiled child. ' How can he seek for you when he has no duel' cried Mary. 'Besides, is not this the very last place ho would think of? Oh, Pris, dear, just think of what you are doing — destroying your own happiness and another's for no thing.' ' Is it nothing ?' queried Pris hotly, ' If you had to bear it, and have such things said to you, you'd not say it was nothing.' ' Well, you hove exaggerated it any how,' said Mary. ' And I think it was cruel — yea, positively cruel — of you to leave as you did. Why, just think of j the agony he must have endured, not knowing what has become of you !' Pris was silent ; nor did her face re lax. Mary wouldn't have given her credit for so much obstinacy, and all the while she was pleading for the Justice was secretly wondering what he had said to leave susn a sting oenina. ' You will at least allow me to tele graph to him that you are here ?' sugges ted Mary at length. ' What is the use if I am going away?' Pris replied. 'But I don't think you are,' said Mary. ' I have made up my mind to keep you here if you will not go back to London. Then I shall at least know where you are.' Before Pris could reply there came a hurried knock at the door, and Cicely opened it. ' Oh, excuse me if I am de trop,' she said. ' But what on earth can be the matter with Steve, Mary 1 He is going off to Penhurst- immediately, he says, and, I believe, has gone by now. What does it mean 1 ' I suppose he wants to see papa,' re plied Mary placidly. ' See papa ! when they spent part of yesterday in town together ! I wish you wouldn't be absurd. And the funniest thing is, he says he doesn't know when he is coming back.' Pris had gone over to the window, and there stood, with her back to the sisters. ? Mary took the opportunity of making a very expressive gesture to Cicely, which indicated that she had better say no more j and presently, more mystified than ever, Cicely took herself ofl. An hour later matters were rendered more complicated than ever by the sudden de parture, without any explanation, of Mary. Pris, who had been persuaded to lie down for an hour or so, had fallen into a sleep of profound exhaustion, and knew nothing of what was happening. Mary drove to the junction, six miles distant, and was fortunate in catching a fast train, at four o'clock, for London. (To be Continued .) 