_---M,..-,- - Mrs Marlin's child is recovering from the burns which he has been suffering lrom. v 1 Mr Theo Trautwein junr, was in town on Monday, Let us see, we hear, he has tied the knot. " Never." Master Fred Loneragan, who had ¿he misfortune to break hÎB leg some time ago is now well on the road to recovery. Two young men disappeared from town on Sunday nighty Their whereabouts ate unknown to their relatives and friends. Mr George Wiggins has gone up West for a trip. It is a long time since George has been away on a holiday, and he well deserves one now, The price of milk has been raised in town, owing, it is said, to the fodder which the milk vendors are obliged to feed their cattle on. A horse the property of Mr B Woods died on Sunday near the railway-gates. Tom Shoular acted as undertaker, and the animal was decently buried on Mon day. There is some talk of the butchers hav ing a Ball this season which if it even tuates will make the third Ball this win ier. If such is their intention no time should be lost. It will be a week or so before Mr Jos eph Brown will be able to follow his em ployment at the meat works. The wound has healed, but the limb has not regained its usual power. The persons using the Rouse Hill Schofield-siding road complain of the very bad state of the road. Surely some one will see into this as there is also a bridge in a very dangerous state. Last Sunday week a death adder meas- uring about two feet was slaughtered a few yards from Mr John Mason's resi- dence, Nelson. The reptile was shelter- ed under a piece of wood on the ground. Natty Rosa of Windsor, whilst on his round on Tuesday, had a valuable dog poisoned. the animal travelled some distance after he had taken the bait, but eventually gave up the ghost near Mr H Woods. Mr J Petchéll says the woiking man who refuses to support Mr Morgan in the coming election is a traitor to his cause. Mr Peichell says he never thought there was such a man in existence as Mr George Reid. Mr P Haberstroh has added to his stock in trade a shooting gallery which proves a great attraction to the 3'oung sters during the evenings, and increases his trade considerably in cakes and meat pies. A draught tournament is being played now at the Men's Club. Several of the heats have been played off already. There is no little excitement amongst the mem bers either-as a good many possible winners can be spotted in those left in yet. Drought is the thing to force the resi dents who have no underground tanks, to sink one at once. Mr John Shearin has put down a first-rate one ; while Messrs E Grace and others intend going in for a better supply of water in case another lengthy drought approaches, A few canines have been suffering late ly. A few weeks ago a valuable watch dog of Mrs W C Smith's received a bait from the effects of which it kicked the bucket. It is asserted that Mr Symons, who only lives a short distance from Mrs Smith's residence, had one of his poison ed. By the way, the cubbie bush houses up that way have been destroyed by fire lately. A week or two ago Mr John Bock, of Marsden Park, had about 300 weight of bacon stolen from his dwelling, The bacon had only just gone through the process of smoking. Some one else is smoking it now in the pan. Any one who would be guilty of an action like this should suffer indigestion for the remainder of their life. 