THE MAYOR'S DILEMMA. \- • The local bnrleeqne operetta, " The Mayor's Dilemma," produced last night at the Mechanics' Institute, is an extravaganza of the Gilbertian order, and as wildly extravagant in plot and construction as an thing that has ever been set to music by Sir Arlhur Sullivan. Probability has, infant, been ignored. The only object of the author of the libretto being to represent th? complications that might arise under certain impossible conditions, and to set forth the incidents in harmonious verse and dialogue. The principal character is the Major, who in hi? younger days fell a victim to the fascinations of his widowed grandmother, who extracted from bim a promise of marriage, which, on arming at years of maturity he naturally felt disinc'iued to fulfil. Ia point of fact, he has fallen in lore with Wilbelmina, a young lady residing at Jindera, and has promised to marry her also. This donbie event, however, being, for obvious reasons, impracticable, the Mayor finds himself in a fix. Both ladies are determined to get him, and, curiously enough, both determine to appeal to the Borongh Council for assistance, and on the same night. The Bcene is laid in the Counoil Chambers, where, after an opening chorus, and after disposing of a little official business, Wilhelmina is aocorded an audience, and sings a solo setting forth her unhappy position, and explaining how her lover has been stolen by " An indent dame til curious dress, Wbo is Josi&h;'a ancestress." The aldermen, after the manner of their kind are susceptible to the influence of beauty, and they assure her of their desire to assist. Immediately afterwards the grand- mother BophoniBba Duck is announced, and she gives her version of the affair, and clearly proves priority of claim. The aldermen, somewhat inconsistently, promise to help her too, and the absurdity of tbls is pre sently recognised by one of the Council, wbo remarks— " We've promised help to both these claimant* free, Bnt how to give ft, hang me If I tee." One alderman suggests that a vote of the ratepayers be taken. "The noble ratepayers wlU feel Insulted, If on this knotty point they're not consulted." Another alderman scouts the idea, and ultimately it is agreed to tbrash out the natter in committee, whilst Mrs. Dock and Wilbelmina retire. Matters are now further complicated by the arrival of a deputation of spins.ers, wbo declare— They can't stand calmly bv whilst she. Another man gets—who'* now had three." " For if a claim like that were sound. There wouldn't be near enough men to go round." They also speak disparagingly of the fair Wilhelmina, one of them observing :— " She's far toi short and much too fat, And hang me if (he hasn't got a last year'* hat." With this crashing remark, they suggest that the Mayor shonld choose one of their number. The Mayor decliuea, and the Council Clerk announces that he has foreseen the diffisntty of solving the delicate question, and has referred to the council's solicitor. This gentleman presently arrives, and states that the case has been put before tbe law courts and that a jury has returned a verdict in favor of Sophonisba Duck. Wilhelmina is in a terrible way, and Soplh Duck executes a kind of triumphal dance, and with very bad taBte crowa over Wilhelmina in a eong of triumph. Another deputation of ratepayers presents tbe Mayor with a cradle, which he kicks about tbe stage to the dismay of his bride, who sings :— 4 1 With Joy he's mad. With raptnre wild (he Mayor Would wreck the furniture so rich and rare." A telegram now arrives intimating that tbe verdict's changed. It has been discovered th.it by an unrepealed statute a may not marry his grandmother unless he earnestly desires tso do HO. This intimation tells severely upon Siphonisba, who faints into a wheelbarrow, ani is wheeled out bv the inspector of nuisances. Then comee tbe fiiale, solos, duets, choruses, in the midst of which Bophonisbais Wheeled in again, and announces that she has decided to accept the suit of the Inspector of Nuisances. T he whole cloBeB with a grand march and chorus. The music throughout was excellent, and the acting highly creditable. Mr. Scrymgour aa the Mayor, scored a great success. His fir-it area " If thus you keep Knocking " was given very well, and his duet with Sophy was most effective. The song When I was young" was also well rendered. Mr. Sheldrick was quite at home in " The Inspector." His acting was good, and the solo " Year Worship at the Council Gate " was very wellfiven. Mr. Jamieson as " The Under Scavenger " had only a small part, but he made the most of it; and bis " make-up" we* very realistic. Mr. Vines did every justice to the role of " Council Clerk," and both in singing and acting acquitted himself admirably. Mr. Tornbull as " Alderman Bullfrog." Mr. Drury a« "Alderman F'atbead"with Meters Daatten, Kingamill, and Vipan, as other member* of the council, sang and acted well. Master Manders gave a very cleaver impersonation of the telegraph messenger. His coolness and "cheek" were simply typioal of tbe colonial larrikin, and he is evidently a born actor. Tbe ghost of " Bengy'' was also very cleverly done The herdsman—Mr. Oonroy—danced a hornpipe in such a way as to evoke very enthusiastic applause ; and Mr. Dousrlas (turncock and camic song reciter) sang " The donahs are on his track" with much vivacity and humor. His success with this rather difficult number is the more creditable inasmnch as he kindly undertook it almost at the las* moment, in the un avoidable absence of Mr. Meagher for whom the song was written. Mr. Ridgeway, as foreman of deputation, did the little he was called npon to do well. The acting and singing of the lady performer" deserve the warmest commendation. Mrs. H. Vipan, as Sophonisba Duck, was admirably made up, in good voice, and had evidently made a careful study of tbe character. Her first solo, " I'm a little damsel just four score," the rnosic of which was composed by Mr. Sims, was almost of itself sufficient to secure the success of the operetta. The melody is quaint and catchy, and the excellent way in which it was rendered, together with the clever manner in which tbe idea of an ab surdly coquettish inld crone was presented, fairly brought down the house. Another telling number was her duet with Wilhelmin*. In the ghost scene, again, Mrs. Vipan's aciinp was very good ; her solo, " I'm the duck," was rendered with much spirit, and the final performance in the wheelbarrow was worthy of a professional actress. Mrs. Down's Wilhelmina was equally creditable Her opening solo, "I've loved 'or many a day," was loudly applauded- With Mrs. Vipan she shared the honors in the duet, " Do not dare," tbe bvplay in this number being. very amusing. Squally effective waB her rendering of the serincomic aria," Oh, ciuel fate." aud in fact, from beginning to end, Mrs. Down's performance left nothing to be desired. Miss Harbor, who we do not remember to have seen before in a leading part, did so well as fully to justify the selection of this young lady as forewoman of the spinsters deputation. She sarg charminsly, and her acting was equally marked with grace and vivacity Her song " We're tbe spinsters gay and free" was entitled to rauk as one of the gems of the performance. iegard«d either as a lyrical or histrionic effort. It is indeed only fair to say. without any invidious comparison, that the ability of the three principal female characters was the most significant feature of the entertainment. Tbe Misses Goring, Ireland, and Eeene, as members of the spinsters deputation sang their lines well, and very cleverly interpreted the idea of archness and coquetry evidently intended to be conveyed by the verses. Tbe chorus was strong and well balanced in every instance. The music generally, which with the exception of two numbers composed by the conductor was selected by Mr. Davis Sims was capitally chosen, and well fitted to the words. Bright, catcby melodic for tbe solos, and good swinging choruses, followed each other in qnick succession. The piano accompaniments were well played by Mr, Sims, and the orchestral music was of a very high order of merit. The burlesque was preceded by a varied concert in which the Misses Mathews, Mies Schmiedt, Miss Sinclair, and Messrs. Head ley, Drury, Sims, and Maries, took part. Mr. Dunstan performed very satisfactorily the duties of stage manager. 