BISHOP HARMER'S CONSE CRATION. SERVICES AT THE CHURCHES. ST. PETER'S CATHEDRAL. Speoifil lervices wero held in St. Peters Cathedral ou Thursday to celebrate the Feast of the Ascension and at the B:\me lime to Harmer iu London. In the morning iloly Communion and matins aud celebration were hold, while the evening service was fully choral. The Precentor (ll'iv. \V. fi. Milne) intoned the service, and Dr. Ponnefather read the lessons. Archdeacon Dove delivered an address on the oiiieB for the consecration of a £isnop, in whioh he asked the audience to piefcurn to ihemselvos the great service of the Holy Eucharist, which was bein? celebrated at Westminster Abbey, and with which their own waa synchronizing. Referring to tha appearance of the Lord in the upper room to his Apostles aud tbo reception by them ot the Holy Ghost, the preacher Aaid that that; Boons repressnted what waj^epoken of through out tho world as the Holy Catholic Church. It was nob a matter of time, for whenever an ordination took place Chriss was , speaking as truly as when He waB on eartn, and HU voice was heard in that upper room. Ab that time their Bishop wa-. beiug oousecrnted, aud it van tilting indeed that it should be on Ascension Day, on which was kept holy the coronation of the Kin? of Kings, by whom the Bishop wa' sent as one of the princes of Israel. They had liiehopsor overseers appointed to take the places ot the apostles, and history showed chain that there had never been wanting these Bi.ihops for the Catholic Church. He relcrred to the foundation and early independence of the British Church cud to tho a vents of the Reforma tion. Tha English Church, he said, had always been one; her Bishops, priests, and deacons had always used the liturgy accepted in the earliest times before the Chri&tiau; peoples were divided. Tho special service and form of ordaining or consecrating an Archbishop or Bishop was then read, the congregation joining in the prayera. Tiie office for the consecration of a Bishop canoluded vmb thefollowmg prayer: — Most merciful Father, we beseech Thee to send down upon Thy servant, ,iuhn B'gina!d Harmer, Thy heavenly blessinz, ami so iuilma hiia with Thy Holy .-spirit that no preaching Thy word may not only ba earnest, to reprove, beseech, and re buke vrith all patience anil uoctnne, but also may bo to such as believe a \vhoie3oiiiacxa:nnloio word, in conversation, in love, in f.tith, ii- charity, and ia purity; that, faithfully ftililUnp bis coursu, at the latter day he may receive fcne cnnvn of righteous ness laid up by the Lont, the righteous Jurtge, who liveth and reigueth one God with the I-atlier and the Iloly Ghost, world without end. Atueu. At trie beginning of the service the hyrcn ' SalveBeata Dies' waa sung as a processional, the iEU»ifc beiug by Baden- Lowell; the anthem was ' Infti up your heads,' from Handel's 'Messiah,' wbile the Canticles were sung to Walmisley in D minor. During the conse cration servioe the 'Yeni Cieator' was sung kneeling. 