SERMON BY BISiHOI iBALMERS. REPLY 0 TOUAlDINAL MORAN. Bra St. Savi?tur's Cathedral on Sunday evening the Bishop, the Right Rev. Dr. Chalceie, preached ont "The Waorehip of the Blessed Virgini MIary; the Roman Doctrine and Roman Practice." Hit Lordship took for his text St. Luke I, 28. The preacher referred briefly to the day of special supplication for rain, and said he felt most un willing to say anything that day which might seem in any dgreego out of harmony 'with the brotherly spirit which had united so many thousands of Christian hearts in one common appeal to the Heaveuly Father of all; but the duties of his office waould require his absence from home for the next two Sundays, and he might not let slip the presenat opportunity. The Bishop then proceeded: You will remember that four Sundays ago I addressed you from this place on "The Disunion of Claristendom: its Root and its Remedy." What I then said has not only called forth a partial rejoinder from the chief prelate of the Roman Church in this colony, but he has aIlso emphatically tiated that the Roman Church "has dcolared a thousand times that it holds no suchl doctrine" with regard to the Blessed Virgin Mary as that which I then set forth as one of the in superable barriers to thie reunion of Christendom. I wish to deal with this statement, and will do so presently. 1. Let me say, first of all, a word or two ona few minor matters: (1) Cardinal Icoran has told us that "duriug the flast 300 years a bright and illustrious roll of Anglican Bishops and Arehbishops . . . men noted for genius, learning, and integrity, have declared the position of Anglicanism to be untenable, and have yearned to be restored to tie communion of the mother church" (of Rome). Is thisrhetoric or history ? I wish he would kindly favour us with the names of theme distinguished "bishops and archbishops," and some of the grounds on which they declared the Anglican position " untenable," and the conditions on which they "yearned" for restored communion with Rome. It is information which I most earnestly desire to have. (2) In my sermon on "Disunion" I said that I believed that the only possible basis of union for a divided Christen dom was a return on the part of all Christian communions to " the faith of the Church of Christ before the division of east and west." In the event of such happy agreement being brought about, I said that all churehes and denominations would have to make concessions, because all " have added more or less to the ancient ecre?andc." By way of illustration I mentioned certrain doctrinal formu laries of the Church of England, of the Lutherans, the P'resbytericms, and of the Church of Rome. WhVlat has happened ? Cardinal horan has quietly ocmitted to mention my refecenoe to the distinctively Roman fonrmul--the Creed of Pope Pius IV-and has so distorted my words as to make them seem an admission on my part that it is the non-Roman bodies only that have " taught truth partially and with an admixture of error." Is this fair argu ment? The Roman Church, he says, teaches to-day the same truths which were handed down by the Apostles, who received them from the Lord. 1o this so? As a matter of fact, in the matter of additions to the ancient crcdrnda, the Roman Church is the most grievous of all offenders. Till the year 1564 the Catholic faith was everywhere expressed by the creed commonly known as the Nieene Creed, that which we recite to-day in our holy communion service. In that year Pope Pius IV put forth certain additions to it, and these have ever since been regarded as an accurate and explicit summary of the faith of the Roman Church. These additions to the ancient creclenda consist of twelve articles, and this supplementary faith, to gether with the Nicene Creed, is declared by Rome to be " the true Catholic faith, out of which none can be saved." Now, at the Third General Council, held at Ephesus n.D. 431, "the ReHoly Synod deter mined that no person shall be allowed to bring for ward or to write or to compose any other ereed besides that which was settled by the holy fathers who were assembled in the city of Nicea, with the Holy Spirit." For more than a thousand years this canon was respected. The so-called Athana eian Creed is a psalm rather than a creed, and is simply explanatory of the doctrines of the Holy Trinity and the Incarnation, as set forth in the Nicene Creed. Not till the sixteenth century did Pope or Patriarch or Council presume to add to the ancient symbol of the faith. Then the twelve new articles of which I have spoken were added by the authority of the Roman Pontiff, and yet we are asked to believe that the doctrines now taught in the Roman Church are the same truths which the apostles received from thle Lord and " once for all delivered " to the church. While, therefore, the Roman Church holds fast to these new articles all hope of reunion may be put aside. When her authorities cut off the new and recur to the old eredeolnda then, please God, reunion may be drawing near. (3.) Cardinal MIoran is very severe on my statement that the Roman doctrine of the Immacu late Conception of the Blessed Virgin Mary " tends to destroy" the Catholic doctrine of the Incarnation. It does so, I argued, because it bestows on St. MIary, not the huinanity which is naturally engen dered of the offspring of Adain, but a humanity free from that hereditary taint which infects every member of our fallen race, and so impairs our Lord's complete brotherhood with us cs man. In order to show how " acbsurd " my contention is, Cardinal Roran gives two iostanees of sanccification from the stain of original siu, viz., St. John the Baptist and baptized Christians, and then he asks triumphauntly, are not those true children of Adam ? Of course they are; but then, unfortunately for his purpose, they were not immaculately eunceived. St. John the Baptist was sanctified before he was born, but he was not immaceulately conceived. Baptized Christianus ar sanctified after their birth by the washing of regeneration; they are not immaculately con ceived. What true parallel can there be between the sanetifloation of St. John the oBaptist andof baptized Christians and the alleged immaculate oncjcption of the Blessed Virgin MIary ? I fear that Cardinal Morau's theology is, on this point, somewhat inaccurate. If the Immaculate Couception of the Blessed Virgin Mary tmenus utnethling less than being conceived without stlain of origial silc, if it means sanctification subsequent to conception, I do not know that I should wish to dispcte it. But if it meanus tchat the humanity which the Virgin Mother had to bestow, and did bestow, on. her Divine Sou was not "the seed of Abraham," but a humanity miraculously purified by the power of God from the first moment in which it began to =exist in her person, thou I say that her Son was not " in all things made likeunto His brethren." The ancient church believed that the human nature which the Lord took from His Holy Mother was not already purified; He took it that He might purify it. It was the union of Godhead in His person with hum'a nature which purified it. If in the person of St. Mary it had been purified already, then she, not He, is the fountain-head of new life to a fallen race. The doctrine of the Immaculate Conception tends, there fore, to heresy, and to destroy (as I said) the true doctrine of our Lord's Inocarnation. 2. I now pass on to the question which chiefly concerns us to-night, viz.: Whether the Romau Church pays such re ligious worship to the Baissed Virgin IMaary 0s i rightly due to God only. To this one point I will licit what Ihave to say further. I desire it.to be understood that I have no desire to poase as the accuser of any of my Christian brethren; but an invitation to reunion has come from the venerable head of the whole Roman communion to the rest of Christendom, and it would be an unchristlian act on our part if we declined to entertain it. What we have to do, in the first place, is to pray for the out pouring of the spirit of unity and then to point out to our brethren, in temperate and courteous lan guage, such matters in dispute between them and us as seem to make any proposal for reunion im possible at present, in the hope that these stutmbling blocks may, by God's mercy, be gradually removed hereafter. One of these stumbling-blooks, for which the Roman Church is responsible, is the system of worship and adoration addressed to St. Mary which obtains within her. borders. It is perhaps the greatest hindrance and ground of alienation to devout members of thle English Church. It seems to us to interfere with that exclusive trust and reliance on the Lord Jesus Christ srhioh we have learnt frota tie Newr Testameulnt. God forbid that I should seekl, in the least degcree, to "misinlteFr pret the toa.hingc"j of the Church of Rome. But we cannot shut our eyes to facts, and no meore denials, a thlousanud tiaes repeated, will suflice to mitigate their focce. aWe cannot acncept assertion for proof. No doubt, as Cardinal IMoran aullegea, it is quite true that the cautechisms of thce omauc Church draw a distiuction between the worship paid to God and that addressed to St. tacry aed tie saints. The catechism of the Couineil of Treoat licys it down that " God and the oaiute are not to be prayed to in the same moanner; for we pray to God that IHe Himself will give us good things and deliver us from evil thinigs, but we beg of thie saints that they would be our advocates and obteain from God what we sltand in need of." But this oateament does not cover the whole ground. Anotherquestion arises--" How far does the practical devoti6acl system of the Raoman Church coincide with its doctrinal teaching?" " Lex supplicadi est ise erePadi"-" the law of prayer is the Inw of belief." If the worship of the Blessed Virgin Mary were limited, as the catechism jUst quoted implies it shlould be, to the " Orl a pro p nobe "-" pray for us"-Ido not say that ourdiiticulties as to Roman teaching on the sublject wcould be ultogether removed, but they would be materially les sened, and the prospects of recnion would be lporptionateoly brighter; hbut, unfortunately, it is not so limited. Certain attributes and powers are assigned to St. iMary which properly belong ti God and His Christ: the same kind of hymuns are sucg in her honour as iu Theirs ; thie same hicd of prayers are offered to her as to Them, viz., direct pccitioncs for pardon, for help, for spiritual hcaling, foe life, for glory, for hacarcu-so direct and absolute that if they behnt direct and absolute we may reasonably inquire what is. I am aware tha tche Roman Church has formulated theological terms to describe different kinds of worship. The worship which is spoken of as "stp?reme worship" is desig nated by'tho word Latreia; that offered to the stinis is called )ouleia; that assigned to St. Mary is called .lyper-douleia Both Latreia and Douleia mean "service," but in a different degree; so that theoretically the Roman Church does make a distinction between the worship due to God and 'that offered to St. Mary and-the saints. But practicnlly .what is the distitlction worth when the ianguage which is used in discoursing of or ad dressing both is, in many instances, identical ? It is a distinction which hIas disappeared in practice. Cardinal Bcllarmine speaks of the invocation of saints as an "eminent kind of adoration." "We do not honour thle saints," says Azoriss, the Jesuit, "with that worship only wherewith we do men who excel in virtue, wisdom, power, or any other dignity, but also with divine worship and honour, which is an acnot of religion." He adds, however, that "we do not give divine worship unto the saints for themselves, but for that God which hath made- themt saints." Unfortunately for his saving clause it'is on much the same groundthatenlightenedPagans defend their ovorhtip of idols. The truth is that practically these endeavours to make distinctions of worship have made distinetions iithout a difference. Let me now try anA iltlustrato what I have said by references to theological and devotional writers of the Roman Church. The point is that terms of adoration and worship which are properly applied to God are also applied to the Blessed Virgin. In my sermon on "Disunion," wshen I spoks sf a certain writer who used the word "'Deificatiou" in relation to St. Mary, I meant the late Cardinal Newman in the original edition of his "Essay on thel Development of Christian Doctrine" Ipage 407). But putting this term aside, it is to be noted that some of the most affecting prayers and 'praises recorded in Holy Scripture as addressed to God are in the Roman Breviary, almost in similar words, addressd to St. Mary. Among a multitude of works of devotion in her honour by Roman writers, the Psalter of Cardinal Bonaventura, a canonizea saint, is specially remarkable. He deliberately adapts every one of the 150 Psalms of David to the worship of the Blessed Virgin. He adapts in like manner tihe To Deum : " We praise thee, Mother of God ; we acknowledge Thee, MIary the Virgin ; all the earth doth worship Thee, Spouse of the Eternal Father; vouchsafe, 0, sweet Mary, to heep us now and for ever without sin." A Jesuit of Lyous-Theophilus Raynand-has tried his hand in tihe same direction: " We praise thee, Queen of Heaven; we Ihonour thee, Sovereign Lady of the World; to thee cherubin and soraphin cry aloud with ineffable voice-' Hail, hail, hail, O, Lady of Glory.' The heavens and earth are full of the sweetness of thy grace. We sinners therefore beseech thee, O Mother of God, help that people whom the precious blood of Thy Son, our Lord Jesus Christ, hath redeemed. Make us to he rewarded with thy saints in glory most high." From nots of devotion I pass on to more formal statements. In the writings of Bernadine de Bustis we read as follows : " The Blessed Virgin is herself superior to God, and God Himself is her subject by reason of the humanity He derived from her." In the writings of another Bernardine (of Sienna) we read as follows " Setting each individual thing one against another, namely, what things God hath done for man and what things the BlePssed Virgin has done for God, you will see that Mary has done more for God than God has done for man ; so that thus, on account of the Blessed Virgin (whom nevertheless Ho Himself made), God is in a certain manner under greater obligations to us than we are to Him." (Cornlius ii Lapida, in his celebrated Commentary, tells us that " the Blessed. Virgin" in the Sacra ment of Holy Communion "feeds all with her own flesh equally with the flesh of Christ, and hsnce that love of virginity and angelic purity in those who worthily and frequently communicate." Alphouso Liguori, a Bishop canonized as a saint in 183s, has written a famous book called " The Glories of Mary," in which we read some strange things. He tells us that " Jesus has rendered Mary omnipotent ; the one is omnipotent bynature, the other is omnipotent by grace." He quotes with approbation the words of a certain " blessed" writer, who says : " My soul is in the hands of Mary, so that if the Judge (Jesus Christ) wishes to condemn me, the sentence must pass through this element Queen, and she knows how to prevent its execution." In the Cathedral Church at Munich, in Bavaria, there is (or was) as you enter the building a large picture of the Blessed Virgin Mary, and under it a Latin inscription, which translated runs thus :-" O, thou, who art alone able to turn away the wrath of the Divinity, O goddess (Diva), defend us with thy virgin help." In an Encyclical letter of Pope Gregory XVI, written in 1832, he prays that " she who has been through every great calamity our patroness and protectress may watch over us writing to you and lead our mind by her heavenly influence to those counsels which may prove most salutary to Christ's flook." What more could he pray for had be been praying to the Holy Ghost ? Iu the Encyclical letter of Pope Plus IX (written in 1849) he speaks as follows: -" Ye know very well, venerable brethron, that the whole of our confidence is placed in the most Holy Virgin, since God has placed in Mary the fullness of all good, that accordingly we may know that if there is any hope in us, if any grace, if any salvation, it re dounds to us from her, because such is His will who hath willed that we should have everything through Mary." If thisbe true, since Apostolic days there must have been a new revelation of God's will to the Roman Church. In a "Vade Mecum for Pious Priests," published in 1865, the following prayer is given for their use :--" Soul of the Virgin, illuminate me; body of the Virgin, guard me; milk of the Virgin, feed me; O Mary, mother of grace, intercede for me; for thy servant take me; makeme always to trust in thee ; from all evils protect me ; in the hour of my death assist me, and prepare for me a safe way to thee, that with all the elect I may glorify thee for ever and ever." It is a modern application to St. Mary of an ancient devotion addressed to our Lord Jesus Christ. Surely I have now said enough to prove that the same attributes and powers which we assign to God are assigned to St. Mary, aUd that the same prayers aud praises which are addressed to tlhe Holy Trinity are employed in the worLship tf St. Mary by the Church of Rome. Cardinal Moran is good enough to tell ust that " tie mdnsaics, frescoes, assd relievos" of Rouman Catholo churches attest that as far back ao the days of the Cata combs (the second and thiird centuries) honour and devotion to the Blessed Virgin held the samne place tmong Christians as itholds among Roman Catholics to-day. I wish he would give us some particulars. My own reading points altogether the other way. I believe it can be proved, and has been proved, that for 500 years after Christ, and more, the whole Catholio Church knew nothing of such honour and devotion as he speaks of; that the writers of those ages set forth God as the only object of Christian adoration, and our Lord Jesus as the only Inter cessor in whom they put their trust. In these days of controversy, let us stay our souls, dear brethren, on statements which cannot deceive, or delude, or be misinterpreted. Lot the teachings of God's most Holy Word be our refuge and our hope. For what caith the Scripture ?--" I am the Lord ; that is My Name, and My Glory will I not give to auother." " Come unto Me, all yo that labour and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest." "There is one God and one Mediator between God and men-the Man Christ Jesus." " Whatsoever ye shall ask of the Father in My name, He will give it you." "MHeis able to save them to the uttermost that come unto God by Him, seeing He ever liveth to make intercession for them." "Let us therefore come boldly unto the Throne of Grace that we may ob tain mercy and find grace to help in time of need.' There was a very large congregation to hear the sermon. During the evening Miss Tinson sang in an excellent manner "Angols ever Bright and Fair." 