AMUSEMENTS. THEATRE ROYAL. "A GAIETY GIRL." Hail: Comus, god of festive mirth, and joy. though brief thy reign the mimic court echoes the jocund strains of merry voices tuned to rippling melody, Care shrouding her face in gloom flies into the bind of shadows, and Laughter, holding both his sides, holds high revel. The garb of. motley and the cap and bells, true symbols of gaiety, iind i?ady j*reui-j ing 'ueath the Southern Cross, and loyal sub jects, bubbling over with merriment, are sing ing— We're under the spell of the Gsiety girls— lieralttt> of lueirilncnt, spirits ot laughter. Eyes glcouiinc brit-toUT 'urttto duuiKitai' curls, Lija wiose i>?vet tuiudc a&remia; to the rafter. Ghosts ol dqiteuiou now vanish in air, tiraccsinfc£&b;&.rei£ii in tlieir \Azjxb, Smiles "TeaUie liv: leisures onceiurrewedwiUi care, , Catching contugicc troni daintiest faces ; * While even old luue stars his sued as it whirls To bask in the light of the Uaiay gUis. A sea of eager foots wreathed in expectant smiles gave enthusiastic greeting to the members of the Gaiety Girl Company at the Theatre lloyal on Saturday evening. From floor In ceiling' the place was literally packed, and never has the auditorium of the Theatre presented aVpiore brilliant spectacle, while it is safe to affirm that the success achieved by llr. George Edwardee's London Company will serve to nil to over flowing the managerial cup of happiness for the remainder of the season. To describe in sober prose the infinite variety of " A Gaiety Girl" ib as easy uto imprison a sunbeam. Its etory, light as the gossamer web the spider weaves, is strung with dewy drops of Tiumor, which sparkle in the filmy mesh like guttering gems; stirred by the breeze of joyous laughter theyglow m& living fire, touch thorn and they vanish into thin air. An idyllic love Btory, fresh.and sweet os new-mown hay, h&e; for a companion a rechauffe of the tender prison shared by an elderly but amorous physician and a fascinating divorcee, while symptoms of the fatal malady axe plainly dis cernible in, the pairing oil ot hanoWue guarda men with Dainty society ladiee and charming "gaiety" giric. From the pleasure grounds in view of \Vindioi; tha characters am trana portedto Nice, where the amorous pceon kiaees the i eet of the shining beachj and d&inJkgf; maidnns in irresistible cootumes Hit about the .foreground like sunlit hummingbirds. Light' and intangible as air. the .story runs its easy course to the music of joyous laughter ana merry song, a dream ot fair women, and a picture from . fairyland b?tbed ? in-the roseate glow-of youth and loveliuess.. '.-.-. . . : , ? Any "attempt to.label "A Gaiety Girl" in order to give it dramatic tagnincanee most necessarily, tail, and it .matters little whether it be- musical comedy, extravaganza, or comic qpera, or a subtle admixture of ail thpee, it cannot be gainsaid-that it possesses the elements of each in being bright, ethereal, and fascinating. There is .a-?jwfcto jma epigrammatic jersenesH about its dialogue as refreshing as it is unwonted, ? -constant change of scene and character infinitely diverting, a kaleidoscopic brilliancy of flO?tamedeligUttul to.the .eye, and a daring unoonventionalrty which possesses .?m irresis tible charm. Aadiothesea^Hquant flavorint of naughtine^e^asrJoatoaeousKaiety which ehuns?Och weak deviifttas .halting rhymes ibid inane word jgUyiug, and eonm feint idea may be fara&d; {2 the attractiveness of this airy and-fanttustic coraody, Its interpretationia in the hands of individual artiste. whose ? perabn alitryj? eminently striking, but it is toe perfec tion of-its finumble which constitutes its prin cipal charm.- Minor characters there are, bnt they are filled _with such conspicuous skill as to: elevate them into an importance psobahW un 'thooghtof by the authors, whilein the details of stage grouping, scenic effects, and .lively prcTififitratipn there is little to be desired. :It weretroading.on delicate -ground.-*o attempt, to desmoa the costume^, aud yet they: are so .distinct from the eeanty ;toUott? ofc ordinary burlesque ghateome recognitions? the pleasing inaorationisjjecaa?ary. Modern frocks, which' to the feminine eye must ba dreams of lovelii nets, are -wura .<hving the first act; dainty jbathuwjjoilis! the acme of. ohajminjr frivolity, assert their sway in. the second r only to be rapidly,, changed; to camivtl costumes which in thejr^.btf?itohing .variety are amply iads?oribable. ~-? The jadies - pi the company present a bevy of .beauty unequalled in the history pf the Australian- stage, i4>a.m,ir^ fiatores and graceful formsi>eing*llisd tom artisfcio apprpoiation whoohctenot but appeal to theiadniiiation of the audience. : ; MiBB .Decima Moore, petite and makas-So?e Bnerly a bright and bewitching little Jady witlin pjeaaanteinging voice, while her vivacity is displayed 'both m ier acting and ter /dancing,., wiuoh is full of sprightly Kraoe. Miss SMaod Hobaon has an ittamtable tortane in her faos, and as the eociatv beanty l?dy ; VJrguua:: yorrest anows exceptional ?talent in toe delivery of cynical speeches and cutting lepartee. She cnltivatec the society of dargymen baoaose though -"generally' dull they are always respectable," but her butterfly nature ia deliriously displayed in her flirtations with Dr. Brierly, 'while the abandonmeat of l?r actin? in. the bathinc-boi episode in Kioe is equally deliglitful. Miss iSanche Masaey as tue heroine Alma Somerset ?dds to a .prettyfaoe eu4graceful iorm a sympathetic <voioe a quiet naturalness winch made her imrjersonation-of the character doubly clifcnn ing^ while jam Edward Fbslps as r£ody Grey ,gttve niimprou? verisimilitude to Irer present ment of ?wealthy but wann-beerted iady of plebi?n?ntecedenta. Peculiarly enchanting waa Mis* Gmb? - JMotta's delicious iitflo couiedy sketch of Mina, Lady Virginia's French maid, the piquant accent, ?xpressLve^?Btmrei>, and ex quitite a>Meaoi£y .of toe impersonation being ewjujirly captivating, a pretty little ditty witu a French refrain gaining a-well niaribed. ;double<Bcore. The ?ociaty ladies werc-cbami ingly represented by the Misses Laura Kearney,: Sopbie JJUliott, and Ethel Selwynj and equally; fil?aeing exponento of "Gaiety 3' girls were touod jn the Misses fiorence Lloyd,-Claire iLeigutcin,andJJadgeJttosscU. ...-.;?.. ?.'?,:;. , Fwquaiutoriirinality.BndJrreaistiblehnmoc, the : Dr. Brierly of Mr. Parry Moakhou?e fitaods pre-eminent. A family likeness may, freCiUeiiUy be tiaoed in theicomodiMis who vjwt these aiwres, but Mr. Monkhousa i& ? type in Jiimsdf, and titte mould: in.' which hi^ artistic peraonality jsas mamafactured ?pro bably got fractured, at. least no replicas of die arigunal.production have yet. beenseen.. Un obtrusive end uaotiou?, nis humor, like the widow's oruse,* js inuKuaustible , itilow? fipon* taneoualy, and while not upon facial contortion is materially aided by an ex-, pressive <ountemcoce. - Hie principal points are quietly made,? peculiar intonation, a eup presied tpirgle, or .on eloquent gesture - give effect to a situation , full of. drollery, ecstasy is expreesed in a wriggle,^ delight in a fatuous smile, and despair Jin a quaint but irresistible - oontortion . provocative of uocontroUable laughter. Mr. Monkhouse aings ua well as he acte and datioss as well a& he sings, is touching lyric. anent "Johnny on thu water slide" and his eccentric dance with .Miss Decima Alooro bringing ibe penalty of success in an euthusiastic recall. Mr. w. Siouis- Bradⅆ, too, in a light ooaiedian, ivho quickly won the hearty approval of the audience. Mercurial in disposition be possesses an oicellent singing Toice, and is moreover a graceful and agile dancer, being conspicuous m s. tuneful qri&rtet; representinc the "Household brigade' and an amusing Sraveatie of "PagliaccL': The reception given Mr. Charley Kyiey was warm hearted and genuine, befitting welcome to. an oid ' favorite, and as Captain Goldneld, of the Life Guards, he fully main tained his reputation both as on actor and vocalist, gainings demonstrative encore for the well-known military ditty " Tommy Atkiiis" and wcli-deeorved applause for hits orher aedlec tioug. The Major liirday of Mr. I'red. Kaye is an ininutublo performance, and proves that the art of making bricks without straw was not confined to the ancient Egyptians. Not that there is anything Masonic about Mr. Kaye'e performance, except it be the easily reoognised countersign of excepcional talent, but he manages to make much out of so little that be would have been invaluable in the days of Moses, and as for his makeup, well—one casnot .bat coincide with Dr. Brierly's criticism, " I've seen something like that on an organ." Mr. Arthur Hope and Mr. Cecil Hope as Life Guardsmen, whose know ledge of active serWce is confined to {>010, and whose experience of foreign travel is limited by the grounds of Windsor, are extremely realistic, and Air. Leedham liantock as a Divorcu Court judge, whoso presumably cerulean reniiniscenL-es aru promptly bup presfeed, and whose personal appcanutcc is Htrangtily similar tv that ot a woll-kuuun Ade laide solicitor, gave a refiued und humorous embodiment of eccentric character. Mr. K. C. YVoodbouse had little to <io an GaldHeld's servant, and Mr. ]'"rit2 Kimma as Auguste, the halhing attaidant, made the most of his limited opportunities. liancing aeem^ tv come naturally to every member of the c'oaiinny, but tlie pas sail executed in the first act by Miss Madge Rossell was the essence of grace, vitality, and picturesque posturing. Its effect upon the audience was electrifying, and the dainty danseutie t:ob compelled to ruspoud to the rapturous encore wnich followed, and again won tbe undisguised admiration of the house. A carnival dance by tho Misses Maggie Cross land, Lucy Murray, and May Lucas, garbed in Fierot und Pieretto costumes, was similarly treated, and had to be repeated in response to an unanimous demand. Sceuic art is admirably represented by two charming pictures by IU-easis. Georgu Gordon and J. Gordon, the oca the pleasure-ground* in view of Windsor and the other Nice with a view of Monte Carlo, two remarkably beautiful sets, while the ebons and .orob*icn -am fully in.. keeping with the universal excellence of the production. "A Gaiety Girl" can only be repeated to night and on the two following; evenings, a matinee performance being aimoiuiced fur Wednesday, and on Thursday night the tecond event of fl*e uca^un, *"ln Town," will take place. 