Cleansing by the Blood. Br Bet. Johx Bobeetsos. Peter saith unto TTftry Thou sbalfc never wash, ■my feet. Jesus answered him, if 1 wash thee not thou hast co part with He. It loots very nice on the surface, this objec tion of Peter. But there is a pride that can ape humility, and that is the worst pride of all, when Thomas a'Becket was appointed Arch bishop of Canterbury he certainly went in for humility. Formerly "he was King's Chancellor, And his equipage vied in splendour with the ' equipage of the Mug; wine flowed like a river. The light and splendour of his gather ings were preferred even before the oocrtly assemblies, and all at once this fleshly proud man, when he became a church official instead of a State dignitary, ostentatiously had the poor ' about his arehiepiscopal palace gate,-ostenta tiously washed their feet, ostentatiously doled out fllW, and the whole thing was about the most offensive pride in that proud man's life. THg ecclesiastical abasement smells •more of conceit than did all his chancellor expenditure and grandeur; and so I . am a bit suspicious about this humility *of Peter's, because it certainly reflects on : the rest of the brethren. They made no objec _ tions to the Lord washing their feet. Can't :you detect Peter marking himself out as an exception? They may think it right, hut I, . Peter, I will never allow it; and he puts the 'Master away, and whatever puts the Master away cannot be part of faith. Whatever puts away that blessed Hand that was nailed to the tree is certainly not of God. Just because Peter put the hand away in carnal wisdom, it is mock bastard humility at the best. It is proud Peter over again, and the Lord, just with a word, brings a paralytic shock to this tuzkeycock of a man. With one word the Lord shivers his glass house, and Peter feds the throb of true humility. The Greek is this —the tense is the peculiar Greek one of a present meaning a past, and the Lord virtually says to Peter, " If you do not let Me wash your . feet, I question if yon have any part with He at all; if that spirit that is in your heart, mock humility, is your spirit." If I wash thee not thou hast no part with He, and if I have washed thee with the major .washing of My precious blood and glorious sacrifice, the smaller, lesser washing is not to be objected to. In feet, the Lord says, ** Peter, I question if you are a real follower of Mine if that is your spirit." But it was only a temporary spirit with Peter. If you were judged by some moments of your life, yon would be a devil, not a man. If a certain moment of your existence was to become eternal, bell woold be your atmosphere instead of heaves; but it is by no solitary marten t, it is by no special tick-of the clock, by no separate feeling that I am judged. Itis by the bent and the spring back again, when the weight is removed, that gives the cine to the nature. So Peter, immediately paralysed, falls into line and says with the glorious enthusiasm of his new nature "Lord, forgive me, blundering to the end, not only my feet but my hands and my head." In the first place there is basing a part with Jesus Cl^'itasa fact, and this having part with \- Jesus Christ is not merely sharing in his cause. When Prince Charlie visited the High lands when the' strong loyal hearts that beat beneath the tartans gathered round him, when the Macdonalds and the Highlanders made their lot with Prince Charlie, I know that if he had pressed on. to Jxradon instead of wasting hie time in the Edinburgh ballrooms, and Derby disspation, he would have distributed the honours of his kingdom to the faithful few. There is pride in having a part <yith a man in sharing hi* triumph, because you have been with him in humility, and that certainly is so in having a part with Jesus Christ. There is no ' man that has stood up for God in a world that hated Him hut shall be rewarded in the bliss of the return, of the crowned King. But it is not the cross —it is not merely the sharing of Christ's reign—that is here referred to. It is the having a part with Him as the branch has a part with the trunk in the life of a tree. It is the conversion of the soul that is referred to—the regeneration of the soul in the Holy Ghost. Ifcis the being made an heir of God in Christ Jesus, and that is a feet in a man's life—as . big a feet as his being born once is the being born the second time, as literal an experience, as literal the possession of the heart, the having a part with Jesus Christ, so that the blood that flows through the veins of that holy Man on the throne of God flows through mine, and gives the beat to my heart. Is that a fact with you? Are you born again? That is a question that the Lord pressed as a sharp pointed dealing into TTi« disciple's heart. Are you a child of God ? Have you part with Jesus Christ ? Uncle John Vassar, he who led into the kingdom, perhaps, a million souls throughout America,. was famous for his faithful dealing, and his keen, strong, God-blessed questioning as to the state of sonl in the people he ineL They all loved Uncle John Vassar, for they all believed in him, and the question he.asked was accepted because they believed in the questioner. Sometimes our 'questioning does not - get an answer because people do not believe in tbe questioner. Ana when there is any doubt about that, the question, " Are you a Christian?" becomes the veriest cant and the sheerest impudence, to be flung back in the questioner's face; but Uncie John Yassar could probe deeply and never give offence, for Jus own life was seraphic. In the hotel in New York where he was staying there was a lady quite unknown to him, so the old man went up and said, "Madam, have yon part with Jesus Christ? Are you a Christian ?" " Of course," she said.- "Ah, I do not mean that kind of Christian. I mean, are you regenerate? Have you been born • again 1 • Are you a converted woman ? Arc you a child of God V .. The lady who had moved in the most brilliant New York society had never met that question before; and she looked into the eyes of the old man.' She looked her answer, she did not need to speak it. And the old said, " Shall we kneel in prayer here, and you will give your heart to God "; and therel in the public room, with the commercial travellers ready to come in at any moment, the lady was on her knees with the old man. When her husband came in he saw that she was flurried and agitated, and he asked the cause, and she said^ " There was an old man came into the hotel, and he asked me if I was a "Christian." " "Well," said the man, " why did you not tell him it was none of his business r" "Ah, if* you could only have seen him and heard him, you wanld have seen it was his business." So it was. It is die business of any man who is con sciously in the possession of salvation, and who is believed in by his fellows, to ask the question beyond all questions, "Have you part with Jesus Christ?" Then there is another fact re-, ferred to in the Lord's utterance, and that is the washing from sin, for this is the washing that is referred to there. "If I have not washed thee (of which great washing this basin and towel are nothing but emblems) thou hast no part with Ale." The washing from an is the fact of conversion. Tbe Lord always dwells on the necessity of conversion. He always takes for granted the fact of human depravity. He never speaks cf evolving die divine out of the sediment that is left in man's nature. He always, in die black colours of complete depravity, writes His Gospel message, and with the best of lives, with the highest morality, there is the need of washing from fdn. Louis Kossuth, who has ju>* been borne to the grave in Hungary, amid the acclamations of an enthusiastic populace, said of his genea logical tree that from every branch an ancestor was hanging. His genealogical tree was like a gallows. Seventeen of his forefathers in direct line had been proceeded against and punished by the House of Hapsburgfor treason. So with yon and me, our ancestry is bad. The genealogical tree that we have is more like a gallows tree. Washing from sin is the begin ning of the Christian life, regeneration by the Spirit of God, being born from above, which is the right rendering, is the start of the Christian lif . Oh, you may say what you like about your church going and your outward respectability, but I tell you the most rebellious hearts in Glasgow are the beating hearts that are wearing a church going dress. What says the man about it, who knew it? Though it was lightly penned, there is a great dealln it:— I fed a solemn sanctity, Sweet rest of soul is mine: My heart abides in perfect peace, My bonnet sits divine. Grace like a river fills my soul, In chastened joy I sit; 1 fed religion's deepest power, My dress is such a fit. Aluminium paper is announced. The question of the union of the Congrega tional and the Evangelical Union Churches of Scotland is being discussed, at church meetings and in the Press, bat, so , far as appears, these churches are hardly ripe for such union. 