LATEST INTELLIGENCE. (By Electric Telegraph.) Melbourne, Thursday. : Tho Assembly sat in coininiiteo lo-day on the Tariff duties, and agreed that tlio duty on Oregon timber, 7 feet x 2h feot slioulu be 4s. A proposal that sizes over that .i.nnld he Arlmitird at Is Der hundred feet, super., wns nega'ived, tbo rate boing ulti mately fired at 2s., Oregon, 12 x G and .up wards, to bo admitted free. Picture frsines and mouldings wore fired at 15 per cent , as also were picture flames nnd mouldings not mitred. A 35 per cent duly was agreed to for spokes and felloes undressed and unbent. Twino was fixed at 10 per cont , and kinds not otherwise enumerated woro fixed at 2d per lb. Whips ot 35 per cent was negatived by 45 to 36. and the duty was subsequently placed at 30 per cent. Wood- ware was passed nt 25 per cont., and wool (or vehicles nt 30 per cent. On carriages and vehicles, &c;,, Mr M'Coll moved an amendment to I lie effect llmt the Govern ment proposal of £8 ho reduced to £6. Thn unairinan gave 111s canting vino in nivu, " £8. Mr Best said as a compromise tlioy would accopt £7. Progress was thon re ported and the House adjotirnod until Toes- day noxt. William Sowrll, the watchman of Abra ham's stock, ond who wns nrrested yesterday and charged with stealing guns therefrom, committed suicide this morning in bis bath-room, by shooting himself with u revolver. Ho .loft n noto written on wrapping paper, pinned ' to tho wall of tho bathroom, in which' ho stated that tlio two guns in tho hcuro did not belong to Abrahaiiisos, hut to himself. A pathetic good-byo to bis wife , and mother were contained in the note, portions of which, however, were undecipherable. Rosier, thu bail bondsman, nskdd if it was ne cessary to produce Iho,. body of ibe do- oensed in court, and tho magistrate re plied in tho nogntivo. . Mr Best, replying to a deputation to-day from the Typographical' Association, said that ho sympathised" with. Mr Hancock's suggestion that tho-i '.'Deadwood Dick' serials and othor litorary trash should bo charged ono penny per book, or a hun- rlrnrl imr nnnf nn rnlntl vnliin Oonstablo Udwnrd Conghliu has beon seriously injnred by an old lime bnrglar whom ho interviewed at Glenfcrrie. His wounds consist of a fractured nose and a battered skull. After an exciting chaso the detectives sncceodod in cupturing Patterson, Cougblin's assailant, and his comrade, Dennis Ryan, . Tbo Customs revenoo for Iho past month shows an increase of £11,686, as compareJ with the corresponding period | of last yoar, the incrcaso being partly due to tho anticipation of tariff changes. .. : I Jos. Bolger, under tlio investigation oft the Public Service ' Board, has1 ' been charged with removing -''Public .Works diaries, Sydney Dprringtoii; tho dummy ghost has.bscn discharged. . ... . ,. ... The grain miirlret' is' (hill. . The s s. Argus, is jptiisoning" her coal,- and rfooliiios any assistance!. The steamer is now embedded to: ihe majn/inast.;: ., 