SUNDAY THOUGHTS. The talent of success is nothing more than doing what ycu can do well; and doing whatever you d--without thought of fame. If it come at all, it will come because it is deserved, not because it is sought after. The great high road cf human welfa-e lies alorg the old pathway of steady well-doing ; and they who are the most persistent, and work in the truest spirit, will Invariably be the most successful ; succeuss treads on the heels of every right effort. DJ not dare to think that a child of God can worthily work out his career or worthily serve God's other children unless he does both in the love and fear of God the Father. Ambition and charity will both grow mean nnless they are both inspired and exalied by religion. Be not anxious for the shadow of a great name, nor for the scquaintance of many, nor esteemthjsslf better than others, lest haply thou be accounted worse in the sight of God, who knoweth what is in man. Like alone acts upon like. Therefore do not amend by reason'ng. but by example; approach feeling by feeling; do nit hops to excite love except by love. B3 what you wish others to become. Let yourself and not your words preach for you. It is from the state of oar minds that con tentoment arises, and not from the amount of our possessions. If we are not "content with suoh things as we have," we are not likely to be if we succeeded in attaining helt we desire. In dark periods we acquire a special mnterest in the Word of God. Times of adversity bring out multitudes of precious promises, as night brings out the stare. A man's own conscience is his own tribunal; and he should care no more for that phantom, "opinion," than he should fear meeting a ghost itf he cross the church. yard at night. One great oharacteristio of holiness is never to be exacting, never to complain, for each complaint drags us down a degree in our upward course. On no account neglect the duty you owe .o friendship; relatives, sooiety; but re member each day to preserve some portion •of it for yourself and God only. Never scorn anything that seems wanting in brillianoy, but remember to be really happy we must have more virtue than know. ledge,.awole love than tenderies, 