Rooty Hill, Eastern Creek, and Plurapton News. (BY OUR CORRESPONDENT.) QUADRILLE PAHTY. Last Friday night a large party was given in Mr. Goulter's Hall, the proceeds of which, I think, were devoted to the funda of the B.C. Church, St. MaryB. The atten was extremely large. Mr. J. Collins, of Blacktown, was the M.C. I am indeed sorry that I am not in a position to give particulars, as I was not present, but all who were there say they had never had a better conducted or a more enjoyable quadrille party in Rooty Hill. UNGENTLE MANLY CONDUCT. I am sorry to say that more than one of the visitors who attended the concert ten dered to Mrs. Gullick, on Saturday night last, behaved in a manner that should not pass unnoticed. Several of them took pos session of the dressing-room, and as a young lady performer wanted the use of the room for a few moments, they were asked quietly to retire-for a while at least. They re fused point-blank to go out, and Mr. A. Wells (who had charge of the stage arrange ment) asked a young man-also a visitor-? to use his powers of persuasion. His entreaties were of no avail, and they refused to vacate the room, but instead wanted to have a " go." Those who took part in this disgraceful affair should have been made an example of, and ft is a wonder the police were not called in. CONCERT. On Saturday evening last a concert in aid of Mrs. Gullick took place in Goulter's Hall. The building was pretty well filled, and there will, I am informed, be a balance of about £5. The corner-men were Messrs. W. Smith and P. Delaney (bones), and Messrs. W. Masters and T. Hawkshaw (tambos). The following programme was creditably gone through : Overture, " Good bye, Eliza Jane," company ; " Lessons on Mother's Knee," Mr. T. Moran; Jubilee comic, " Hen Convention," Mr. W. Smith ; " Good-bye Till I Se« You Again," Mr. A. Smith ; " Rules and Regulations," Mr. W. Masters ; " Nice Little Innocent Thing," Mr. A. Wells; "Little Brown Jug," Mr. P. Delaney : " Jennie Grey," Mr. S. Green halgh (senr.) ; comic, "That's My Song," Messrs. W. Smith and T. Hawkshaw; " Sweet Marie," Mr. O'Brien; " The Old Turnkey," Mr. Wilde; " Mona," Mr. T. Moran. The entertainment conoluded with a farce, entitled " A Night's Lodgings," which created immense laughter. The following took part :-Jerusalem Snowball, Mr. P. Delaney; ghost, Mr. T. Hawkshaw ; hotelkeeper, Mr. M. Dowe. Dancing was commenced at 10 o'clock, and terminated at 11.80. Mr. A. Wells worked hard to make the affair a success. Mr. O'Brien officiated at the piano during the dance. SPECIAL SERVICE On Sunday last, at Prospect, was celebra ted the 54th anniversary of St. Bartholo mew's Church by a special service. The preacher was Rev. T. Dixon, of Balmain as is always the case at Prospect the service was of the heartiest description. The congregation, numbering nearly 400, was a large one, and came from all parts of the surrounding districts. Special singing was given, and to do this a number of friends were got together from all round. The Church was tastefully decorated by the ladies of the congregation with flowerB, wreaths, mottoes, etc., and reflected great credit on all concerned. Among the helpers in the Choir were Mrs. Howard (Kingswood), Mrs. E. Fulton, Penrith (who sang the solo in the anthem), Misses Haughton (2), Moon (2), (blacktown), Mrs. Allen (Seven Hills); Messrs. Vallance (2), (Smithfield), McClesh (Sydney), Herford (2), Coleman (Eastern Creek), E. Fulton and J. Wilcher (Penrith), Welsh (Blacktown), and Allen (Seven Hills). Mr. J. J. Herford sang the solo " Nazareth " during the offertory, Mr. E. Fulton playing 'Cello obligato. Much of the BucceBS of the service is due to the efforts of the Smith family, and to the organist, Mr. F. Hackett.who was untiring in his efforts to bring everything to a successful issue. A mission has been conducted during the past week by the Rev, Dixon with good results; the. attendance every night has been good. CRICKET NORTH SYDNEY V. ROOTY HILL. These teams have-met on several occa sions, and each match has always been looked forward to with interest. The num ber of victories have been fairly divided, the visiting team, however, being slightly in advance of the local team. Rooty Hill (captained by Mr. Chas. Creswick) took the crease first, and declared their innings closed when the game stood at 4 for 64. Our old friend, Tom Beggs, played a fault less game, and contributed 45 runs, which score included three clean hits out of the boundary. North Sydney, captained by Mr. Ebert, then took the willow in hand, Messrs. O'Brien and Hammond facing the bowlers. They succeeded in knocking up the required number of runs without the loss of a wicket. Both played real good cricket. At the conclusion of the game the oppos ing team and several invited friends ad journed to the Imperial Hotel, where a dinner fit for " ye gods " waB awaiting them. After doing full justice to the good things provided, Mr. Charles Creswick called upon those present to charge their glasses and drink " Success to the?' Night Owls.'" (By the way, " Night Owls " is a name given them by the Rooty Hill boys ; they, in turn, christened them " Wood Bugs.") He said that last year the Rooty Hill O.O. had been treated to"a dinner at the expense of the " Night Owls " of North Sydney, and they had enjoyed themselves thoroughly. He trusted that this would be a pleasure enjoyed annually by these two teams, and that the matches would result so that both clubs would have to bear the expenses in turn. For himself he had resolved to retire from the cricket world (laughter), and would therefore to a certain extent be debarred from the great pleasure which the meeting of these two teams always brought about. His team had thought they were doing a good thing when they closed their innings for 64 runs-they considered they had a soft thing before them; bat the " Night Owls " had shown them that " a bit of cricket talent existed outside Booty Hill." The toast was drunk with en thusiasm, the company singing " For they are jolly good fellows." Mr. Ebert responded on behalf of the North Sydneyites. He said he was a poor hand at making speeches, but he would like to thank them for the hearty manner in which they had responded to the toast proposed by their worthy captain. He agreed with that gentleman when he said he hoped these social gatherings would be held annually. He would call upon Mr. O'Brien to say a few words. Mr. O'Brien, in the course of a very hum orous speech, whieh provoked much laughter said he had not breakfasted that morning. He had expected to be treated in a '' thorough " manner when he had left home to go amongst the Booty Hill boys, and his expectations had been fully realised. The " Night Owls" had enjoyed themselves thoroughly at the expense of the " Wood Bugs," as they had been termed by a few fun-loving individuals. He hoped, however, that the " Night Owls " would have to defray the expenses of a dinner and outing to the " Wood Bugs " next year. Mr. F. W. Ores wick, in a neat speech, proposed " The Press." Mr. 0. 0. Montrose responded. " Host and Hostess " was then proposed by Mr. Chas. Oreswick. Mr. Wilkins suitably responded. Mr. Charles Oreswick proposed " The Umpires,"-Mr. R. lies and " his dear old dad " (Mr. F. W. Oreswick), which was received with cheers. In proposing the toast he recited some reminiscences of Mr. lies' cricketing days, also the many games in which Mr. Oreswiok, senr., had taken active part. Both umpires responded with very suit able speeches, reciting some of their ex periences. Both gentlemen advised the Booty Hill boys to go in for plenty of practice, and hoped to see them win many a match next season. The party then adjourned to the concert given in aid of Mrs. Grullick in Goulter's Hall. GENERAL. Mr. George McKenzie, .who met with a painful acoident last week, soon hopes to be about again. He has had a very narrow escape of losing the use of his foot. The weather during the last few days has been anything but pleasant; the days are dull and-dreary, and the nights dark as pitch. The muoh needed rain still keeps away. Minchinbury is being wired in with a ten-wire fence. Messrs. Angus and Son have in course of erection to encompass the whole of the estate. Many men are busy with the work, which, when completed, will be dog-proof, etc. Bowring's well-known and prettily-built American villa at Plumpton has beoome the property of Mr. D. Walker, and in the course of a few months he intends to reside there. We wish Mr. Walker good luok with this newly-acquired property. 