A POPULAR GOVERNOR Although the elevation, of Sir John Madden to the Chief Ju&ticeahipof; Vicf toria, in succession to that able lawyer' Jufige Higinbotharn, did not give quite unmixed satisfaction at the time, he has won golden opinions of the colonists during bis occupancy of the vice- rogal office. Among the many good things Baid of Sir John, the following is from a recent letter of a .Melbourne corres pondent to a Hobart paper :— touching festivities, the most general topic of conversation in Melbourne just now is the magnificent manner in which Sir John Madden is discharging his duty as a vice-regal entertainer of Her Ma jesty's lieges.' It. is well for Lord Bi'assey that lie has a long purse, for if he desires to overtake the Madden popularity and brilliancy, Sir John is setting Mm a pretty stiff go. Without question, if the colonies were allowed to choose their own Governor, Sir John would at this present time have no rival in the running with him, and as a local product he does us all infinite credit. He looks the gubernatroal character well; he dresses it, positively regardless of expense, and he mounts the whole drama with the evident deteiminatiori to spare no cost in securing the appro priate brilliancy of the'mtse1 m, scene. And .he is politic withal. -The candi date i'or parliamenjjury. . honors knows full well what advantage ' follows kiss ing the baby: (Please note ' that I 'do mean 'kissing $he baby,' in the sense commonly understood by your.' parlia mentary frequenters of Heathorri's and ?? the Orient) Sii- John is. also .fully con scious of the feminine influence Setting towards7 the, fortunate' who ' can adroitly tickle maternal vanity through attention to the olive branches, and he hasjust got .off a/children's, fanciy -l*ess . ..ball; .uripafatled.' in. 'JVIelbourne for its ^glorified gorgeosity. It' was numerously attended by children; of older growth, and the whole function^ has proved what the .American 'sugges tiyely;pall^^:|big^^hmg:-/;^: ,i^.^ ,; gjr John Itfoked 'a *' Gtiv?'— aye, ' every inch a ' Giiv./' in black velvet Court, suit and ruifles, drek-sword, silk hose^ ttnd silver-buckled;; shopii. Lady Madden called back a vanished' century as the' beautiful andunhappy Marielntionette; while her. elder ^daughters constituted* the Eoyal household of France before the Feast of Pikes had prepared the way for a. still more bloody;, banquet. The terpsichorenn- feature of . the ball waa a floral arrangement by a MelbouVne lady, which was pronounced, so' to spea-k, what a Frenchman would cal eoup dpeil- magnifique. The archaic featare was certainly Sir William Clarke' Bart.*, in his old uniform of the Victorian Yeomanry Cavalry, familar to tho^ewho have pictures of the opening of Princes bridge,1850._ The cbi-ps was disbanded in the early sixties, and the reappearance of ita ghost— at Government House -last Friday night— recalled memories which provided the oldstere with unlimited subject for conversation, and that is no. slight advantage in the matter of carry*' ing through a successful social function: Vcri'y, for all the deprivation it is entiuung on us, Lord Brassey might defer his advent indefinitely.' 