Methodist TJnion. To the Editoh. — Sir,— Mr. Youngman is astounded at my inability to .see lay delegates, when if I had the eyes of Argus I could not discover them, and this beoause of their absence. The vivid imagination of my young friend, like that of Macbeth, who of all present at the feast alone saw the ghost of Banquo, sees lay dolegates, where from either Cimmerian darkness, or obtusnness of intellect, I fail to discover them. Mr. Youngman insinuates that 1 have not seen the book, inferentially, I assume he means the brochure entitled "The recommendations for union of the Methodist church in Viotoria and Tas mania." If so, the insinuation is unworthy of him, he knowing that I have both seen and well digested it. A.gnin, I affirm that the proposed basis of union is hyper-Wesley an and that if ultimately adopted as set forth in the " book," means absorption ofjthe'other sections of the great Methodist churches, yea verily, as truly as that experienced by Jonah when swallowed by the great "fish, or when a lamb lies down in the stomach of a lion. But perdu the "book." There was a time when laymen had neither seat, voice, nor vote at either district meeting or conference of the "Wesleyan church. A change, a most beneficial change has been evolved, of this, I am conscious and rejoice in the knowledge thereof. But, sir, as a child by his features, voice, and mannerism indicates his paternity, so does the "book " indicate its ultra-Wee- leyan origin. Lay delegation findB a place therein, but, however high the lay delegate's sooiol position, or profound his erudition, or unquestionable his piety, there are timeB when no seat is provided for him. at either distriot meeting or con ference. Why blink or ignore this, to me, painful truth. Why, sir, if his honour Chief Justioe Way, or his Exoel- lency Sir Henry Norman, or even tho .-Prince of Wales himself, were delegates to either distriot meeting or conference, there are times when,- unless in violation of the proposed constitution, they oould not even sit as delegates, much more Bpeak and vote thereat. In this respeot the basis of union fails from want of liberality, and on its very face is written largely its ultra-Wesleyan paternity, and beoause of this, its anta gonism to tho spirit of the age, I em phatically protest. On page 8 of tho " book," after defining the powors of the annual conference, I would have Mr, Youngman dispassionately to note provi- jsion 3 : In the exercise of the aforesaid 'powers by the annual conference the 'ministers alone shall (1) dispose of all matters oomprisod in the subjoined '-questions: Question 1. Who are now admitted as minieters iuto full con nexion with tho conference, followed by 13 other questions, in ' the .'discussing of whioh lay delegates l;have neither voice nor . vote. 2. Elect (chairmen of districts. 3. Determine all jappeals affecting tho status of ministers and members. " Members of oonferenoo " J presume. 4. I would respectfully ask' Mr. Youngman, also your readers, to mark this proviso. For the purposes enumerated in the foregoing seotion the ministerial members of eacb annual oon- floreneo shall meet alone at Buoh times as 'the conforonco shall determine. Mr. Youngman, being a Wesleyan minister, endoraos this legalised exclusion of lay rielogates and assumption of ministerial ,mro-eminence. O tomporn I - O mores ! Jto district meetings : On page 10 iofjthe "book". £regd "The distriot meeting is a committee of the conference," composed of laymen? No, indeed ! " com posed of all the ministers, including supernumeraries, and probationers who are appointed to circuits wltbin the boundaries of the districts." Will Mr. Youngman oblige by indicating whero he finds his two lay delegates to each minister ? Again, note well, at this, the distriot meeting proper, the characters of the ministers are inquired into, candidates for the ministry and probationers are examined and, if approved, recommended to the conference, and numerous other matters pertaining to the pastoral office ore considerod. Again, I ask Mr. Youngman, where are your two lay dele gates to onch minietor ? Presto ! High- cock-a-lorum," as says the oonjuror, whea ho would astound his audience. Here they oome money bags and all. Again I quote from the book " Finanoial District Meeting." This meeting is com- posed of the ministers, supernumeraries, und circuit stewards of the various oir- ouitB in the district, who deal with all the financial and temporal affairs of the district. Having at length discovered the presence ojf the lay delegates, I leave them with their ministerial presidents and clerical conferee to count the cash. I am growing old, " and like most elderly men live muoh in the past." True, most noble Festus, I have lived in the past, lived more than half a century ago, lived in the year 1849, which with its lessons X have not forgot, and would claim also to live in the present, and am ambitious of workingin theiaterestof the future, andfoi this purpose would ask the readers of the Telegraph , our most widely circulated newspaper, to "mark, learn, and digest " the excerpts I have selected from a book ivbioh my reverend friend and brother Youngman somewhat flippantly insinuates I have never had. If they do this I opine that with mo they must conolude that lay delegation as set forth in the " book " is more a figure of speeoh than a .substantial reality. Finally, Mr. Youngman volunteers the information that he was quite aware that it was the dying Goethe who oried for more light. If so, I say, fie on you, sir, for designating such a one apagan, aheathen, a worshipper of idols or false gods. On Sabbath last, March 3, the lesson verse recommended to he memorised by the tens of thousands if ohildren conneoted with the Sabbath School Union is a verso of poetry, not from our most popular hymnologist, but from Mr. Youngman's pagan philosopher, and with its transcription I conclude Calmer yot and calmer, In tlio liour of pain, Surer yot and surer, Fouco at lust to gain. Suffering still and doing, To His will resigned, And to God Ruhduing Heart aud will and mind. Goethe (Tr.) Yours, &c.;, Josei'ii Buckle. Readers will observe that correspondents on tliw subject havo unoonsciously hut happily- lost sight of tho subject on whioh thoy started iu tho, even to thorn, moro deeply iiitorosting subjeot of Goethe's littlo dying prayer for "moro light." Ed. 21. 