THE LIBERAL PROGRAMME. Home Rule Foremost. The Irish people are constantly being \- told that Home Rule lias been shelved, that it is practically dead, that the Liberals are meditating a wholesale retreat from their promises and pledges to Ireland, and that the Irish party, having degenerated into a mere corrupt Radical tail, are prepared slavishly to acquiesce in the great betrayal. By a fortuitous but all the more significant coincidence this huge fiction of a party that lives. hy fraudulent misrepresentation of its politi cal opponents was exposed, from four different quarters, and by fodr distinct and authoritative voices, on the day in Great Britain. Mr. Balfour at Man chester, the National Liberal Federation and Mr. Bryce, Mr. Scott, and Mr. Lloyd George, at Cardiff, and Mr. Canipbell Bannerman in Scotland, all separately dealt with the point, to the confusion of the factionist slander. Mr. Balfour, in deed, hints that Home Rule for Ireland is being kept in the background, that it is being touched upon gingerly by English statesmen, and that English orators fight shy of it. There is not much shyness about the treatment of it by the members of the Cabinet who were actually speaking at the same moment almost as Mr. Balfour himself, and if Mr. Balfour had in his possession the resolution which was passed on the motion of a leading Man chester Liberal by the official organisa tion of the Liberal party at Cardiff, he would scarcely have ventured upon en dorsing the Redmondite fiction even to the extent he did. But neither Mr. Bal four nor the Coercionist party is under any delusion as to the essential relation of the Liberals of Great Britain to the cause of Irish Self- Government. Home Rule, he told his audience, was still the subject with which the " Gladstonian " party, when it gets its majority at the general election, will have to deal. Opposition to Home Rule is still the cause which, more than any other, cements every element of which the Coercionist party is composed. The Liberal party have no fear of the faith that is in them, no fear of their fortunes while fighting strenuously to make it pre vail. They are proud to proclaim it, let who wills prove recreant. On Thursday the Council of the National Liberal Fede ration, on the motion of Mr. C. P. Scott, of Manchester—a man whose devotion to Home Rule is not less intense than that of Mr. Gladstone and Mr. Morley, and whose effective work for the cause is only less than theirs—passed the following resolution—" That this Council declares that the cause of Home Rule for Ireland still holds the foremost place in the policy and programme of the Liberal party, and further records its determination to over come the obstruction of the House of Lords, the only obstacle which has pre vented the Home Rule Bill as passed by the House of Commons from being to-day the law of the land." Mr. Scott, in his advocacy of the reso lution, declared that there are only two courses open to the Liberal party—"to nail the green flag to the mast " or to fall back into the Coercionist bog out of which their grand old leader led them. The resolution was accepted in the name of the Liberal Ministry by that staunch friend of the Irish cause, Mr. Bryce. It found an eclio in the great meeting which Mr. Campbell-Bannerman addressed in faithful Scotland. If this is shelving Home Rule, if this is burying Home Rule, words have lost their meaning. The ghost of the dead cause is a very lively ghost indeed. But the cause died only in the imaginations of those who wished it dead in order that they might share the wreckers' jubilation, and shout " I told you so." There never was, there never could have been, any trifling with this great cause. It would not even need the hands of the representatives of the faithful Irish people to avenge its betrayal. For there are Englishmen to day more Irish than Irishmen themselves in their passionate devotion to its inte rests and in their determination to defend it from attack, whencesoever the attack may come. The green flag is nailed to the mast. Home Rule is the foremost issue of the political conflicts of the hour.— -Dublin Freeman. 