OUR LAUNOEBTON LETTER. fPBOM ODB OWN OOnHRBPONDRNT.1 Wo aro oqoo mora honored by the pre- BOBQB of Her Majesty'd wa'ihlpa, two veiaela of tbo Australian Sqnadron luvlru eomi to anoborage at Town Point. The Goldfinch arrived on Friday and tin Liztrd on tiatnrday, and " Jiok ' waa soon in e?i dence in tho atrerta of the oity. The Mayor (Alderman Ferrell) and the Matter Warden (Mr B.vJ. McKanzie) tbie morn- tog made an ofiloial viait to tho warboite, and of corio were gracioialy received loo veiduJa were yesterday ia?p-.>ct«d by large nnmbaro of iatsreatod upsotatore, who evidently appreciated the attentions paid to them by the representatives of Qtr Majesty s navy. 8ome aooiel fanctlone Are on f«ot with a view of entertaining the offioori dnriog the next few days, to- eluding bails by private oitisene. The primary object of the viait ef the vaneU la to be present at the Tamer R'gatte on Thursday, and in connection wi.h which thoy will doubtless be a prominent attrac tion. Kotwitbstandiog the large nnmber of empty bonsee, tbe absence of boose bsild- log, and the general and eeriona depreda tion ,pt all kinde of property, our two priooipil biilding sooieties not only main lain their own bnt appear to thrive. Last week both held their annul msatiaga, and the reports of hotb wore matter for oon- grataletion. With reepeot to the eldest— the Northern Taamintan Permanent— the report eubmittod for the) eleven month! ending December 31 showed that tbe BailJfylog all demands, was £657 15j 8 J, oit of which £150 had been oarrlod to the bonne account, aud the ba iQQOe. £507 IRa Af.fta B«,.nnM..n ... serve, which now itanda at £13.160 5e 4d. lbs report of tbe Equitable— which cele brated its silver wedding on the occasion — ihewod that, after providing for tbe interest dne to depositors, and tho usual allotment to shareholders, there remained 5® jtbs 'credit of profit and loss a balanoe of £2118 8i 9d, and which ism was carried forward to the next year's acocunt. Salvation Army operations are at a low ebb in tho oity. The attendances at tbo eorvicoa at tbe barracks aro of the sparsest oheracter, end tbe finanofal Rapport ao- cerdod is Jamentaby limited. Ono miy credit the officers and followers of the army with siaomty in their work end a burniog de-ire to do good, bat, from some cause, the remit of tbe work appear to be almost nil, Brobbiy the offioera are realising this condition of things, and to justify their sxistsnoe they are branching cut in niw direction of iooial work. They are attempting to establish a moot W» in Launooeton for fallen women, on similar lines tn those in extflteooe In tho other colonlos. and at a public mooting the other night a resolution was preaed pTsdolnr as- ete'anoe to the prejeot. Wo are not with- mitaoortelo quota of "soiled doveo"and will rajoioo if they oan b» hroaght to re- pentanoe and an amended life, bnt there dnee a«m lo he a waste of oaergy and at- nlisooes in seeking is deal with a handfnl of unfortunates on lines applioabls to larse I'Ointn ities. The p-oooHthn en I oonviotion of the tinil guird. St Lipor, who had ohargo of letters between tho two cities, will ne donbt lead to a much-needed reform in re spfpt to oheck'ng the numbor of letters dnllv panel g to and from LanneiBtoo. During th» rvldonoe given by the bead o'ork In thn Tlo' ftrt 0ffi» it was eliolted that In every null hag there was a way- giving ilu number of letters la the bag. The lottors wore never counted on reoript, and he did not oount them on tbe occasion in qaeatioo. The waybill wee not pat in for a check, but simply fer etatie- tloftl rnrpooes. If a parcel of fifty lettere had I'oea taken from a bag they might be rniseed, hut Imlf-a doz.n or k» woald net nn roteeeo. us roanu ont that the letter, tbe lose of which was the cause of prose cution. had been extracted from the letter hag eiraply because he had reoeived in- Htrootiens to lonk for it and another letter. A further statement that no exoot oheok w«e kept on tho numbor of letters trans- mltto I frem ono ofiloe to another came as a surprise to all present, inolsding His Honor Mr Jnetioe Dedds, and shows the neooreity for nn accurate register being kept. A report baa eorae from Buenos Ayres on aodoubted authority that a Lauooeeton 'Mzio — William Hollingnwerth— is ladiro traits, only oarniog 16 1 par week on which tn keep himself and a large family. This man, who was one of eur best black- smiths, wis induced to eell his business nr.d homo and join in that mid crusade to " New As-nnilia " A number of Hellingi- wnrtli'd frlende have But a subscription list n foot with tho objaot of eiourlng abost £80 to oenri lo the etranded emigrant to mubln him aud his fami'y to retarn to Liwnn»ht«n. P'n far so govt. Bat in their hnpuou zeal tho"« intoreited wish to take ure motor to tue uovernment, with the re- qu»at that the Htale will give an rqoal snm n 'hat ra'isd luoi'ly, And to this some objection is taken. To dovoto State funds for suoh a purpose would be to ereate a porniciotiB precedent, and would be at otce both iodiscriot and unjust. The obj -ct le m nraivwnrihy eno, bnt the ond shonhl be acootnplHlied by volantary meane. The Hon Audlcv Ooote evidently tbtoko that dieoretion la the better part ef valor, f «r be has iija»d en address withdrawing h< name in conssotlon with the forth coming Tamer okation. This le a win step on his pari, for b bad not the ghost of a show of belog again retimed. Mr Ooote wl'I now have time to proseoate his im- p-r ont private and luorative missions witbont doing nny injsstiae to the ooostl- tuontR to whom he was pledged for publio eervico. If'thfl law ao laid down in the Lfoensing Aot with rrepect to Sunday trading In hotels yamot he made a matter of general nhsorvance. the nooner it is em»nd«d the biMor, ami it it a qeeation whether the moral sbdo of th t people— who wiU have drink— would not bo improved If liquor war allowed le be sold at osrtaln bears of the Pmdty. The euhterfsgee and evasiooa that have to he resorted to by bayor and solkr tn Q»op tbo notice of tin police are damaging all mind. Here a oonviotion for infraction of the law is now aud then obtained, as wn-i the oase last weak, whoa two Hoonsuta ware heavily fined for Son- day trading, but the auomily is that there are on'y one or two men in tbo polfoo force who t A o nn interest in tbe matter, and tbe onus of ili'eo'ing on tbe part of drinkers and hotel knoptra has te bo borne by tbeBe solitary offiioiiie. Thoro ar» some estimable eooietlee at work in tho city, quietly poreuiog their good work without noise or flourieb of tram pit a Tbe uirae who aote under tbe District Nursing A-sooiation reports that for lb- fivo weoks euditg February 16 ehe paid 605 visits. This means thai thle aq:1 of roeroy was fennd In twenty hr-mt.4 per day of poor, siok people, who would otherwise have been deprived of syinp4ith>dio and helpful nursing and ad- vice. Anotbur ministry of blessing is tbe Dor.-ai Souisty of tbe City MiBslan, whiob daring tha past year, in a small way, baa given away 148 itema of olothiog to poor P'opk, and distributed £10 13a In eaab, February 25. 