GOLDEN 7 LOVE. CHAPTER IV. THE MEN'S EVENING. BY FRANCES FITZGIBBON. The inmates of Government House sat round the tea-cable one sultry evening a few days before Christmas. Mrs. lieid presided at the head of the table, her nephew, Lancelot Russell, at the foot, tbe governess and the new ring-neck, Gerald Blake, on either side. It was a very pleasant party to look upon. The squatter's wife waa a comely matron, dark and rosy, still young and pleasant looking. Ths Manager a£ fine a looking young man as one could wish to see, with a handsome bronzed faoe, large clear blue eyes, and a heavy ligkt-brown moustache. The gover Hess, whom we have already described, looked particularly attractive in her soft white dress, with a epray of wattle-blossom fastened in her dark hair, and another in the bosom of her dress, with a oouple of fresh green ferns ; and the new ring-neck, Gerald Blake—an ordinary kind of young man, about twenty-two years of age, good hearted, good natured, honest, passionately fond of athletios, especially cricket, and an fait in all tbe current slang of the period. He was tall, and slight, and fair, and very boyish, both in face and manner. He was full of delight at the novelty of everything around him—everything amusedand interested him, and, of course, it goes without saying that he had not been twenty-four hours on the station before he was head oyer ears in love with Grace Athelstone. "Let's see," said Mr. Russell, who had finished his tea and was leaning ba(Sk in his chair, which waa dangerously poised on its two hind lege. "This is Thursday, isn't it?" " Yes, sir," answered young Blake. "Then we shall not be honoured with your company this evening, Miss Athelstone "How's that, sir? Has Mies Athelstone engaged a box for tbe opera this evening?" The mild irony of the question caused a general smile te go round the table. An opera box—three hundred miles from civilization, civilization, ot course, meaning the metro' polls < The young gentleman had not quite grown accustomed to the Saturday afternoon's mustering, or aol* breaking, or oattle brand* ing, or whatever happened ts be "on the boards," to use hiB own expression. His Saturday afternoons before coming to Winoola were every one, without fail, passed on the Adelaide Oval" barracking" the " Norwoods" or an intercolonial "eleven." " Miss Athelstone has instituted a working men's club, which meets every Thursday even' ice," answered the Manager. Gerald Blake looked enquiringly at the young lady. " Have you. Miss Athelstone?" "No, Mr. Intake. I regret to say Mr. Russell is misleading you," she said with a smile at the Manager. " I have not instituted a club or anything of the kind. I read to the men for a couple of hours every Thursday evening, and at their own request. They come down and sit very orderly and quietly in the little enmmer-house at the bottom of the garden." "Do yon really? How awfully good of you, MisBAthelstone,"exclaimed the lad. "Are the readings restricted to the kitchen people?" " Yes." " And won't you allow any of us in?" "I think not, Mr. Blake," and the smile that accompanied the refusal took away the unpleasantness of a request denied. "Doesdally Brass come down to listen?" "Who, Mr. Blake?" " Oh, I beg your pardon. Miss Athelstone, but that woman np at the kitchen, Mrs. Jams, or Jarvie, or whatever ber name is, always puts me in mind of Sally Brass. Does she come to the readings " Yes, sometimes." " What are you reading to them, now, Miss Athelstone?" asked Mrs. Reid. " We are following the adventures of 'Oliver Twist' at present." "Do they like it?" " Yes, immensely. Mr. Bullocky is enraptured with the Artful Dodger. I was quite alarmed for his safety the other evening. I was reading the part where Tom Bates is before the Magistrate. Do yon remember it, Mr. Russell?" " Yes, perfeotly. There Tare ohapters of that book and ' Martin Chuzzlewit' I oan repeat by heart." "The climax of Mr. Bullboky's amusement was reached when we oame to where the Dodger addresses the pompouB Magistrate as ( Was y'u redressin' yerself to me, my man?'" The reminder raised a general laugh, for all remembered it. "Does Diokens never raiBe a laugh oat of Gentlemen Jaok?" asked young Blake, who who was not slow ia learning the station nicknames. "'Gentleman Jack,' whoever he may be, has not yet attended opr readings," answered the governess. " By-the- way, what's his proper name, sir," he asked, turning to the " boss." " Whose? 'Gentleman Jack's?' I re&llv; don't know." The propernamesand thehistoriesof themen under him was a matter of perfect indifference to Lancelot Russell. " Well, they will be waiting for me. I must go; au revoir; and with a smile and a : slight inclination of the head Grace Athelstone left the room, and all the brightness Beamed to go out with her. Lancelot Russell jerked back his chair and went and stood at the leng open window, halfhidden by the cream-lace curtains, and watched the tall white figure as it passed down the path between the rows of vines till it disappeared into a little arbour on the left of the path almost at the bottom of the garden. The little summer-houBe was a perfect blaze of colour— for the creepers that oovered it—honeysuckle, oacti, Sturt- pea, vines, and passion-flower were in full bloom. When there was to his mind nuthine left that was worth looking at Lancelot RusBell strode out on to tbe verandah and walked up and down with an impatience that waB emphasized in every step he took. "It's perfectly maddening, he said to himself as he strode up and down, "to think of her wasting her sweet society on those rough boors," forgetting ia his selfish love the influence har " sweet sooiety" might have on the poor " boors." " We was afraid y'u wasn't comic', mise," said Bullocky as Grace Athelstone took the seat; reserved for her at the end of tha little deal-table in the summer-house, where were seated some doz&n; men. "I am a little late," she answered pleasantly, after a general "Good evening" to them, and a special one for Mack, who was a favourite. "Been pretty warm to-day, miss," observed Bullocky, who was always ready to talk; indeed, he would often invent questions simply for the pleasure of having her sweet, serious eyes turned on him while ehe answered him. She would be as friendly and talk as pleasantly to these rough-mannered men as though they were gentlemen, without in the slightest way endangering her standing amongst them, or stepping an inoh from her native dignity, whioh proved her to be a true lady, needing no artificial or affected stiffness to bolster up a dignified exterior. She treated them with the same courtesy and politeness that she would have used had they been in her own station of life, ehowincr them that they could be gentlemen, even though they wore .moleskin trousers and ate off tin plate*. She took them for gentlemen, treated them as such, and they could do no more than to act up to what she belioved them to be, &Dd; pay ierback in her own graciousooin, and it came naturally to them to doso. Therewas nota man on the station, even tbe roughest among them, to whom profanity came aB naturally as breathinc, who would have offended her by eo much as an ineoieni look. For toineulther would be to insult what was best and purest in them- eelvee. And who is there amongst UB, no matter how rude and sinful, does cot possess in us something pure and good ? " Before we begin," she said, as she took the book Mack handed her, " I would like to askyouif-youbave settled any thing about what we spoke of last Thursday," and she looked round with a smile. Three or four of them moved uneasily in their seats; Bullocky scratched his head, Cockney grinned, and Mack stooped down Co fasten his bootlaoe; but no one spoke. " tVell ?" ehe said after a moment. " Ain't you fellas got nothing to say ?" said a tall old man who stood back in the corner. Bullocky then ventured." v\e ain't able to do mash, miss, buti," and here he paused, and fumbled awkwardly in his pocket. "Fetch it out, old man," urged one of the men who was growing impatient. Presently Mr. Bullocky produced a sheet of notepaper folded crookedly, aud laid it on the table, first smoothing the creases out of it on hie knee. Miss Athelstone took the paper, which smelt strongly of tobacco, and glanced over it, while twelve pairs of eyes watched her face. Presently she looked up with a very plea&ftd; expression. " I think it is very good," she eaid. "We shall have a very pleasant evening I am sure." The men looked at one another in meaning silence for a moment, each waiting for the other to epeak. Then Bullocky ventured again— " We don't think it quite complete, miss." "What? The programme?" aBked Miss Athelstone. "Yes," said Mr. Harris. "There's somethink else we'd like to have on it." "Certainly," she said readily. "Put on it whatever you like," and ehe handed back the paper, without a suspicion of what was meant. But Mr. Bullocky did not offer to take it. She was puzzled, aud seeing it, the tall old man in the corner spoke up again— " They want you to put down yer own name on it, miss—for a song or somewhat." "Oh," she said, "I understand. Very well, if £ may, and taking a little ivoryha&dled; pencil from her pocket ehe wrote "G. Athelatoae—song," A murmur of something like thanks or approval went round among the men. The paper was a programme of an entertainment that was to take place one night during the week after Christmas. All the men had put down their names for Bomeitem— song, reading, or recitation. One man's name had opposite to it—" Violin solo," another two were bracketed together for "Duet, flute and cornet." Mies Athelstone was more than surprised at the contents of the paper. She had merely suggested on the last evening they had met here that it would be a good idea to have some kind of an entertainment to wind np the day, which was to be kept as a holiday. The folks from the next station (Penliddock) were ooming to Winoola to spend Christmas Day, and there had been arrangements made for a grand cricket match between the men belonging to both stations. All, each in his and her own way, wera looking forward to the 2Sthof December withagreat deal of pleasure. "Don't you think it's too long, ma'am?" asked a red-whiskered man who had been silent till now. "No,"she replied. "There's not an item on it too much." It was written out in a hand that) showed some acquaintance with a pen, which surprised the young lady not a little, and the spelling was perfectly correct. She would have liked to have known who had drawn up the programme, but would not ask. But she had a very shrewd suspioion that it was the work of the tall foxy shearer in tbe oorner. "This day week will be Christmas Day." she said, "as of course you all know. Mr. Russell thinks it would be as well to have the cricket matoh early, before it getB too hot." "That's just what we was sayin', miBs," said the bullookdriver; "and we was 'opin' he'd agree." "Well," she said again, "is that all you'd like to say about the programme? I think every one is represented." "Yes, mum, all but Gentleman Jaok," said one of the men. "And who is Gentleman Jaok?" she asked. 4 Bullooky volunteered the information that "Gentleman Jaok was a bloke the boss engaged about eighteen months ago as a sort of overseer. He didn't belong on the station, bnt lived in an 'uton a distant part of the rnn, and cooked his own tucker; but he oame into the station about once a month for rations, and stayed a couple of days." "I think I heard you say be was in this evening." " Yes'm—an' I told 'im about the readin', but he didn't 'ang on. 1 ' He don't take to the weemen." " Shall we begin now ?" Thare was instant silence. The men settled themselves back en the benches with their eyes fixed on the fair young reader, and prepared to spend the next two hours—whioh were the pleasantest time of the whole week to them. Indeed, these readings were the only pleasure they had to look forward to from week's end to week's end, except, perhaps, an occasional game of oricket or quoits of a Sunday afternoon after they had finished their week's washing. The clear voioe of the reader flowed on for an hour, only interrupted now and then by a laugh from the men at some of the Dodger's artful tricks or oomical sayings. Suddenly a figure stood in the doorway, and threw a dark shadow acrosB the table and the book. Tbe men looked up with quick impatience at the interruption, for the reader's voice had suddenly ceased. It was only Gentleman Jack after all, but what was the matter with him? He waB grasping the framework of the doorway on either side of him ^ if tor (support, and bis face, as he bent slightly forward, waB drawn and grey, as though he had been struck with sudden pain. A low cry from the reader turned all eyes towards her. If the men were surprised at the strange alteration in the faoe of Gentleman Jack 4he astonishment was doubled when they looked at Miss Athelstone. She was standing with clasped hands, apd a face as white as death, gazing with startled frightened eyes at the figure in the doorway, as if he were a ghost. The men looked from one to the other, and then at eaob other, then finally slipped out.of tbe little house one by one, till Gentleman Jack and the governess were left alone, still •taring at one another. There was something they could not understand, but the instinct whioh led them to leave the scene of the mystery told them that this sudden and evidently unexpected meeting was something they had no right to look upon. And eo they went back wonderiBgly to their huts, cheated out of an hour of their expected pleasure. After the first startled ory had escaped her Grace Athelstone stood and gazed at what she half believed to be the ghost of Arthur St. John; but as he came towards her she stretched out both hands to him with a strange little cry that was half a laugh. He took the two trembling hazlds in hie and stood in front of her for a few seconds speechless, overpowered with the eudden rush of emotion. She looked up into his face, so moved, yet so dearly familiar. The suddenness of the meeting waa too much for both of them. " Arthur 1" she said, with the same little nervous cry. " My God 1 Miss Athelstone! Is it you ?" he exclaimed hoarsely in the deep voice that - thrilled through and through her. Oh, what a world of questions was contained in the "Is it you?" It meant "Is it you that tbey all talk eo much about? You I hear spoken of as the 'Boss's young lady?' 'our young lady,' 'the governess?' You, whom I've fancied to be hundreds of miles away? You, whom I've enshrined in my heart all theBe years?" "Where did you come from?" she asked with trembling lipa. "I didn't oome from anywhere. I live here." ' "Where?" " I live here too," she said simply. He still held her hands in a grasp that oaused her actual physioal pain as ehe stood before him, trembling in every limb. "And I never to have known it," he eaid sadly. "And I—but—but you don't really live on the Btation, or—I'd surely have seen you, or h-ard" She stopped inoreduously, scarcely able even yet to believe her eyes or ears. ' Haven't you heard of Gentleman Jack?" ' Yes ! Oh ! But it wasn't you ? Wat it you they meant? And it) was you! Oh, Arthur! it was you who were sick away out in that lonely hut with no one but the blaoks to look after you. I remember feeling sosorry, and I saw them bringing you in—and I didn't know 1 I didn't know !" She bent her head, but the hot tears fell on the clasped hands. " Had I known it was you who sent me the oranges and offered to come and read to me, I"—he began with a tenderness he oould not suppress She interupted with " Why didn't I know?" She suddenly withdrew her hands, and sat down on the bench, every nerve trembling, and he stood by her, longing to take her in hia arms, and pour out) the love that was consuming him. " How long have you been here ?" he asked more quietly, looking down at her. "Twelve months," she eaid without looking up. "Twelve months !" he repeated. " And you?" she asked. " I don't know," he said. " It BeemB years to me." " Where have you been ever since you left home—at Lead's Hill ?" " Everywhere, till I came here," he said. " And the others —where are they?" He. briefly told her about the refit of the family, looking hungriiy down on her face as she looked up at him—thedear pale face that waB so constantly before his mind. A heavy step was heard in the garden, on the gravelled path. He bent down and putting a hand on her shoulder looked searchingly into her faoe, and eaid in a low voice— "They say you are going to marry Mr. Rueeell. Is it so?" "No 1 ." she said simply, looking straight into his eyes. " He iB ooming," he said. "Good-by." " Arthur!" The cry was wrung from her in spite of herself. It was the poor human heart that cried out for the food that had been, as it were, held to its lips—for which it had been famishing—only to have it snatohed away again. He turned quickly to hec, hesitated a seoond, then put his arms round her, and held her to him for one wild moment, and pressing his lipa to her forehead, he quickly and gently placed her on the chair, stepped out the back entrance, and was gone. The sound of his footsteps had hardly oeased when the tall form of the Manager filled the doorway. " What, pone already !" he said in sur prise. "I came down to see them abouli —good heavens! Miss Athelstone, what's the matter ? Are you ill ?" "No." She gave a strange little laugh, "latn quite well—thanks," and the next moment ehe Biippnd on to the floor at his feet. He lifted her tenderly up, his heart beating fast with anxiety and love, and held ber up in his arms. "Water! Blake, quick!" he eaid as that young gentleman made his aopearance only to rush away again in search of Mra. Iieid and restoratives. In a very few minutes all three were bending anxiously over the unconscious girl. A second application cf cold water restored her, and sitting up she gazed round in bewilderment. "Are you better, now?" aBked the young Manager, bending tenderly over her. The tone of his voice and the clasp of his arm round her shoulders soon recalled her scattered senses, and with the colour creeping back into the white cheeks she 'moved out of bis embrace. " I am all right, now, thank you," ehe said, looking with quick enquiry into each of their faces. "What came over you, Miss Athelstone— were you tired ?" asked Gerald Blake. "I—I don't know," she said nervously; but the eyes were full of tears. "It was the heat,"eaid the squatter's wife decidedly, wishing to give her time to recover herself, for she could see the girl was trembling. "I always said this place was only fit for blaoks. It's enough to kill any one," she added severely ; then turning to har nephew she Baid, " Was she ill—like this when you found her?" "She was sittine here, looking like a beau tiful ghoBt, and when I asked her if ehe were ill she assured me she was quite well, and to prove the fact she fainted." Tbe girl's lips began to tremble again, "Yon'd better come up to the house, my dear," said Mrs. Reid, kindly. "Can you manage it ?" Young Blake sprang forward. _ "Let me help you, Mka iithelstone," he said eagerly, and he drew her hand through his arm, but she seemed so unsteady that Lancelot Russell had to support her on the other side. Her sudden indisposition was fortunately accredited to the unusually bot day and the fatigue of reading so long. The next evening found her the same as usual, only a trifle pale. 