THE PLENARY COUNCIL. CEREMONY AT ST. MARY'S. A GORGEOUS PAGEANT. BEYOND doubt, one of the grandest sights ever witnessed in Sydney was the ceremony con- nected with the first public session of the Plenary Synod, at St. Mary's Cathedral, on last Sunday morning. From early morning the church was thronged with people, and long before half-past 10, the hour of commencing, every available spot in the large building was densely packed. An immense crowd filled College-street to witness the procession enter ing from the Presbytery grounds into the sacred edifice. The interior of the church was most beautifully decorated, flowers and plants in wondrous variety adding to the loveliness of the scene. At 10 o'clock all those entitledt o participate in the procession met in the presbytery, and half an hour later, as the Cathedral bells rang out, the procession started from the verandah and passed out into College-street, and through the main door of the Cathedral. It was, in deed a grand spectacle. Mrst came the cross of the diocese borne by the Rev. .Father Kennedy, O.S.F., and followed by the regular clergy of the diocese. Then the processional cross of the church borne by a sub-Deacon and followed by the clergy of all orders in soutane, surplice and cap. Then came the assistant secretaries of the councils (Venerable Arch deacon Russell and Archpriest Sheehy). The President's cross borne by a sub-Deacon, attended by Acolytes in cardinal soutanes, fol lowed, and after them came the higher order of the clergy, and then the Bishops, each attended by an Acolyte in cardinal soutane carrying the train oli the copes. The first pair were Bishops Gallagher and Delauey, then in order Bishops Reville and Higgins, Bishops Dunne and Doyle, Bishops Hutchinson and Byrne, Bishops Moore and Gibney, Bishops Cani and Torregiani, Lord Abbot Salvado and Archbishop O'Heilly, Archbishops Murphy and Dunne j then Archbishop Carr and his Emin ence the Cardinal, attended by Monsignor Rigney, Monsignor O'Brien, Very Rev. Dr. Carroll, V.G., Dean Beechinor and very Rev. P. Le Rennetel, S.M., and the .Knights of St. Gregory, Sir Patrick Jennings, ? K.O.M.G., ICO.S.G., Hon. T. M. Slattery, K O.S.G., Dr. Donovan, .K.O.S.G. and Hon. John Hughes, K.S.G., M.L.C. Leaving the presbytery the ' Yoni Creator Spiritus ' was chanted, aud as the procession entered the Cathedral and passed up the main aisle to the sanctuary the choir sang the ' Ecce Sacerdos Magnus.' The Cardinal was conducted to the throne, and all then took their seats upon the sanc tuary^ The knights of St. Gregory occupied seats in the sanctuary, and the full list of the bishops and clergy of the Council are : — Dr, Oarr (Archbishop of Melbourne), Dr, Dunne (Archbishop of Brisbane), Dr. Murphy (Arch bishop of Hobart), Dr. O'Reilly (Archbishop of Adelaide), Dr. Salvado, O'.S.B. (Titular Bishop of Aclrana and Abbot of New Norcia), Dr. Murray (Bishop of Maitlaud), Dr, Lauigau (Bishop of Goulburn), Dr, Torreggiani, **?? O.S.F.O. (Bishop of Armidale), Dr. Cani (Bishop of Rockhampton), Dr. Moore (Bishop of Ballarat), Dr. Reville, O.S.A. (Coadjutor Bishop of Sandhurst), Dr. Byrne (Bishop of Bathurst), Dr. G-ibney (Bishop of Perth), Dr. Dunne (Bishop of Wilcannia), Dr. Corbett (Bishop of Sale), Dr. Doyle (Bishop of Lis more), Dr. Hutchinson (Titular Bishop of V; aximianopolis and Yicar Apostolic of Cook town), Dr. Higgins (Auxiliary Bishop to Car dinal Moran), Dr. Delaney (Coadjutor Bishop of Hobart), and Dr. Gallagher (Coadjutor Bishop of Goulburn). Associated with the bishops are the Yery Rev. James Maher (Ad ministrator of the Diocese ^of Port Augusta, S.A.), and the Very Rev. Anthone Strele, S.J. (Administrator of the Diocese of Port Vic toria and Palmerston). The representatives of the clergy and the clergy which they ?represent are respectively: — Right Rev. Mon signor O'Brien (Sydney), Yery Revs. Dean O'Connor (Armidale), Dean O'Donovan I (Bathurst), M. Slattery (Goulburn), P. Doyle (Gratton), P. Corcoran (Maitland), James O'Connell (Melbourne), M. Shannahan (Bal larat), D. Yerlin (Sale), Dr. Sylvester Barry (Sandhurst), P. Hennebery (Hobart), 'William T. O'Neill (Adelaide), Dr. Bourke, Y;G. (Perth), John H. Norton (Port Augusta), John O'Reilly (Brisbane), William M.Walsh (Rockhampton). The Bishops' theologians are: — The Yery Revs. Dr. Carroll, Y.G., and John Ryan, S.J. (both theologians to the Cardinal), James Byrne, CM. (to the Bishop of Bathurst), James Kennedy (to the Bishop of Goulburn), Dean O'Keeffe (to the Coadjutor Bishop of Goulburn), 0. O'Connell, S.J. (to the Bishop of Lismore), Dr. Hand (to the Bishop of Maitland), Dr. Tracey, V.G. (to the Bishop of Wilcannia), Maurice McKenna (to Archbishop of Melbourne), Monsignor O'Dowd (to Bishop of Ballarat), Eugene Davey, D.D. (to Coadjutor Bishop of Sandhurst), Dean Beechinor (to Archbishop of Hobart), John O'Mahony (to Coadjutor Bishop of Hobart), P. Le Rennetel, S.M. (to Archbishop of Adelaide), P. Gibney (to Bishop of Perth), H. Brady (to Bishop of Salvado), and T. O'Farrell, CSS.R. (to Bishop of Cooktown). The following superiors of religious orders are attending the council : — Very Revs. A. Aubrey, S.M. (Marists), T. Kenny, S.J. (Jesuits), P. B. Kennedy, O.S.F. (Franciscans), P. Treand, M.S.H. (Fathers of the Sacred Heart), Vincent Grogan, O.P. (Passionists), 'Win. Plunkett C.SS.R. (Redemptorists), Prior Kelly, O.C.C. (Carmelites), and M. Maher, CM. (Vincentians). Dr. Corbott (Bishop of Sale) was the cele brant of the Mass, assisted by Father Walsh as deacon and Father Hayden as subdeacon. Yery Rev. Dr. O'Haran acted as master of ceremonies, assisted by Fathers Bridge and McDermott. The Cardinal was attended at the throne by Monsignor O'Brien, assistant priest, and Very Rev. P. Le Rennetel, S.M. The officers of the Synod who assisted at the proceedings, other than the Mass, were : — Court of reference, the Bishops of Ballarat, Bathurst, and Cooktown ; the PromotorSynodi, the Bishop of Maitland ; the secretary, the Coadjutor Bishop of Hobart ; assistant secre taries, the Yon. Archpriest Sheehy and Arch deacon Russell ; chancellor, Very Rev. Dr. O'Haran ; prothonotary, Right Rev. Monsignor Rigney ; masters of ceremonies, Dr. O'Haran, Rev. P. V. Dwyer, and Rev. H. McDermott; the economi synodales, the Bishop of Sale and the Very Hev. Monsignor Verdon (rector of St. Patrick's, Manly) ; the cubicularies synod ales, the Rev. Professor Hayden. The musical portion of the ceremony was under the conductorship of Mr. J. A Delany, M. Wiegand, at the invitation of the Cardinal, presiding at the organ. The choir consisted of about 120 voices, assisted by an orchestra led by Mr. W. Rice. Gounod's ' St. Cecilia Messe Solennelle ' was selected, and was most effec tively rendered. The soloists wore Mrs. Tier ney and Miss Devitt (sopranos), Messrs. J, J. iiinchy and T. V. Dinuis (tenors), and Mr. D. Clancy (baritone). At the offertory Mrs. Tierney sang ' To Ergo Quruaimua,' from Graun's 'To Deum,' aud at the gradual the orchestra played Gounod's ' Offertorium.' The serinon was preached by Dr. Gallagher, Coadjutor Bishop of Goulburn.* Dr. Gallagher said that for the second time inside 10 years the Episcopate of Australia were assembled in Plenary Council in that mother church of the metropolitan city of the southern world. At the desire of their illus trious Pontiff, under the presidency of the Cardinal Archbishop, Apostolic Delegate, they had come together to draw up those decrees, and to devise those means which after mature deliberation their united wisdom and experi ence, assisted by the Holy Ghost, deemed most suited for the true progress of their great country, the preservation and diffusion of faith, the improvement of morals, the interests of religion, the greater glory of God, and the salvation of immortal souls. When our divine Lord instituted the Christian priesthood he furnished it with those aids and appliances which, amid the incessant variations of human thought and the restless wanderings of the human mind, were most fitted to assure the success of its ministry, Not only did he place at its head a supreme pastor, in the person of St. Peter, constituting him the rock on which he was to build his Church, and giving him the powers to bind and loose the kingdom or Heaven, but ordained that, as circumstances demanded, the pastors should come together to deliberate on the interests of the universal Church, or on the reforms and needs of the country in which they laboured. Of these august assemblies there were four principal classes. There was the General or (Ecumenical Council, which was convoked and presided over by the supreme Pontiff, and which possessed that authority of rule and infallibility with which our Lord invested the universal Church. Their number (19) corresponded with the 19 centuries of the Christian era. Then there was the Diocesan Council, which was composed of the Bishop of a diocese and his clergy. Next, there was the Provincial Synod, composed of the suffragan Bishops, assembled under the presidency of the metropolitan. The fourth class was the Plenary or National. Synod. In this all the Archbishops and Bishops of a nation or a people met under a delegate specially appointed by the Holy See. These councils had in view the transmitting of sound doctrine, keeping intact and pure in the dio ceses the deposited faith, increasing the honor of divine worship, fortifying the order and discipline of the clergy, and promoting in every way holiness, morality, charity, virtue, religion and piety. The history of these councils was the history of the Christian faith. The preacher instanced a number of these councils, at which different doctrinal errors and schisms were reprobated, and affirmation made ,of the true teaching on the questions. That morning they had seen their Holy Mother the Church in something of her external splendor, coming forth as the king's daughter, ' in golden vesture, surrounded by variety.' They had heard the rustling of her variegated gar ments as her prelates passed in gorgeous pro cession. They had heard the glorious music, that almost shook the massive walls, and wafted to the throne of God the profession of: faith of the young Church of Australia — that credo in unatn Gathollcam et apostolicain ecclesiam which for 15 centuries had expressed the un changed faith of her children. Bishops vener able for their years, their learning, their piety, their great good works so nobly done, from the Derwent on the South to Carpentaria on the North, from our Indian to our Pacific shore, were there, not merely to contribute their matured experience, but themselves of different schools of thought and nations and tongues to illustrate the unity in variety of their holy faith. Aiding them with advice were theolo gians skilled in sacred science and conversant through much practice with its bearing on all the burning questions of the age. A nd priests bronzed with the heat and bent with the labours of the day, whom their fellow workers had chosen to represent them in that great ecclesiastical senate of the southern world. Hardly an order in the Church that was not with them that day, And all, whether of recant institution or trac ing back their origin to the twilight of Chris tian history, men of the age, striving to correct its mistakes, but cheered by its hopes, inarching in the very van of its progress, blessing its achievements of science and its victories over the forces of nature — their feelings in touch with its noblest resolves, aud their hearts in thorough sympathy with its loftiest aspirations. No fossils they, no mummies taken from an Egyptian museum, no ghosts of a vanished past brooding gloomily by the doors of sepul chres, which shall never be opened ; but aglow with all the healthful vigour o£ young life, with breasts heaving and panting for the fray, counting their host and well acquatnted with the tactics of the enemy, yearning to enter the lists in every form of glorious but pacific struggle — as did their predecessors of every age — for truth, for virtue, for justice, for reli gion, and for G-od. Their bishops had met together to promote that variety of topics con nected with the spiritual interests and more extended influence and usefulness of the ' Church. With the strife of factions and of politics they had no concern. Their kingdom was not of this world. They desired no tem poral power, no secular station. They meddled not with Osesar, nor with the things of Csesar. They obeyed him in his place, but they were independent of him. Their strength was in Grod, and their rule was over the souls of men. The special object of this second Plenary Council was to consolidate the work so well begun in the first council in 1 885, to secure the more complete execution of its decrees, to pro mote uniformity of discipline, by bringing local variations (if any existed) back to the standard of general usage, to improve and extend the system of parochial schools, to confirm the faith and increase the fervour by quickening the zeal of their people, to infuse fresh sap and life into every branch and fibre of the heavenly vine which their great predecessors planted in the generous soul of this their beloved country. In the evening the Right Rev. Dr. Higgins gave Pontifical 'Vespers, and Right Rev. JDr. G-ibney, of Perth, preached an instructive sermon. During the week the work of the Synod was carried on in St. Patrick's College, Manly, and to-morrow (Sunday) the second public session will be held at St. Mary's, the ceremonies, in great part, corresponding with those of last Sunday. His Grace of Melbourne, Most Rev. Dr. Carr, will be the preacher. 