OUR GREAT GOLD FINDS SOME CHANCE DISCOYSSIES. The history of raining and especially of gold mining1, in ali parts of the r.-crid, is full of stories that illustrate tl\c purely accidental and foitnitous mauacr in Trlrich the most important discoveries woie in ado, and vhc-n these stories, lire repeated simony the miners as they v.~hile awny their evenings arc taken into consideration the deTout belief of every Eilaor in the potency oi' hick Jjcc-Gixses mucli more intelligible. Even Western Australia, when hur his tory eosnes to be written, should afford her quota, or T.-rniersin the s:ur.e re lation. One of the most productive mines in California Tras discovered through the accidental fail of the dis coverer. He T?as one of a hunting puriy that had jrcne cut from San i'rancisco darinjj ilie Oliristin;\3 iioli diiys. While p^s^Iatr along the side cf a. steep bill on ji i^z-roTr trial iii3 horse suddenly slvjisiod^ a.i*_d, ivith. his rider, went dovrn into the gulch. Hapxjon ing to be tlie List in the line aad eonio distance bsliiud tbe others, hn \ras not inltsod for some uiouicnts, but \rhc-n his a^OL-Bcs was noticed the party turned bs.c!v to look for him, fearing Eome nntoirard accident. He yras no ?where to be seen, but the pLice where his iiorse hud slipped and fallen over the V»nk, together with, the traces of tho fall, veTa i)Iii.inly visible. Follow ing the tracts jjiaxle by the horse and man., sad when near tlie bottom the 2&en; suddenly came upon an inteivsting' spectacle. Just behind a clump of bushes which the man and his steed had crushed through on thjir way down stood the horse apparently uninjured, while, near by, ©n a slab of rock pro jecting from the snow, the man -eras cap ering like v.n Indian at a ghost dance. The first impression of the rescuing1 party was that the man had gone sud denly crazy, but as he caught sight oi them he instantly caascd his gyrations and shouted for them to appaoach. They came, when he shov.-ed them several lumps of almost pure gold he luid hastily knocked from the edge -with a. stone for a hanimer, and announced his discovery of a gold mine. The sliding horse had brought up against the ledge, and the restive animal, kicking vigorously in the eiforts to riss, and struck off the moss from the stone and disclosed the fact that it ?was a gold-bearing ledge of unusual richness. The iind was Appro priately named ' The Christmas Gift,' and a valuable gift it proved to l»e. The miners of Xott Mexico tell a queer story which illustrates forcibly the miner's belief in his lack. A miner named John Quincy Adams was pros pecting somewhere in the mountains. 'While wearily trudging along one hot day through a gulch -where the sun had a good chance at his back he suddenly smelled sjnoke. The phenciaenen struck him as odd, and he -?lanced quiekly in every direction to ascertain the origin of the smoke, but seeing nothing, resumed his journey. A mom ent later the smell returned stronger than ever, and. the hrec-se just then blowing in the direction he was walk ing, a light wreath of vapor curled about his ears and gave him to under stand that his haversack was on fire. Like all miners, he carried a large lens for the purpose of examining the speci mens and the sand in las pan, and tlis truth flashed upon him. For want of room he had hung the glaas on the outside, and the rays of the sun had concentrated on his haversack, whiuh was thus set on fire. As among its contents were 121b. or 151b. of powder, he lost no time in dropping the danger ous burden, and getting as far away as possible before it exploded. The haversack fell betwen two huge stones, and cuddled dotra out of eight. Adams soon reached a safe distance, and dis consolately watch-jd the smoke arising from his sole worldly possessions. Suddenly there was a deafening report. The ground trembled, and Adams dodged behind o stone to escape the fragment of fiyicg rock. Rising, lie went to the spot to gather up what he could find, when his eyes almost, started out of his head at Beeing the quartz that had been blown up fairly glittered with gold. His powder had done better on its own account than it had ever done on his, and had literally blown open a gold mine for its benefit. He waa made a lich man in an instant, and named his mine the *' Nick o' Time.' The famous Comstock was discovered by a chance as simple as that which exposed to the eyes of tho astonished Adams the gold blown up by accidental explosion of his haversack. According to the story told, the ground on which the lode was afterwards discovered was prospecting by Comstoek. who located a claim but made up his mind that it did not amount to much and so abandoned it. Shortly after this an old character named Finney was hunt ing in the neighbouring and shot a deer. The wounded animal struggled off, and while scrambling up the side o 'a hill dislodged some loose stones, tiisclosing signs of the presence of gold. Finney washed a little if the earth in a pan and was astonished at the re sult, for front the small quantity of earth .tested came 10 to 15 dollars worth of gold. When Finney and two of his friends were later 'working tlie mine along came Comstock and demanded to Know whatthey were doing on his chum. They were obliged cither to kill him or take him into partnership, so they did the latter. Tho mines which built the city cf Helena, in Montana, wore discovered by a party of four prospectors, who were on their way to a well-Known camp in the Kootenal country. Learn ing that the diggings in that quarter had. failed, they turned aside to pro spect in another direction, and for some time wandered about, digging holes here and there, but finding noth ing that they contidercd worth work ing-. About noon of the lota day of July, 1SG4, they arrived at the site of the city of Helena, hailed for dinner and to scst their horses. Dinner over, their horses were saddled, when one of their number walked down to the street to get a drink before mounting1. Prom mere force of habit 3ic bc-;;na tnecliani caliy scratching the gravel v.-ith his hands, 'when to his astonishment he -lrew out a iiuyg-ot as big- as a pold dollar. A hundred dolinr.3 worth of gold was taken out in about 20 minutes. The men then immediately settled down and located claim*. In a short time new3 of their success spread. Hundreds of other miners flocked to the spot, and a mining camp of unpre cedented richness was established. The city of Helena sprang up on tha spot, and it is eaid that one of the Lanis of that city is situated on a. portion of the first claim located by the lucky quar tette. The famous silver mines cf PotosI , in South America, were discovered by on Indian who was in pursuit of an ante lojie. He was climbing the ateep sls-ipe of a hill and seized a bush to help himself tip. The plant gave tray and revealed a lodge of silver. A fctr months nffcsr the massacre of Castor and his men a party of soldiers were scouting after hostiles in the Big Horn. The country was terri bly rugged and broken, progress was vei-y di-Scult, ani after proceeding some clays in tho midst of the wilder ness oi peaks the guide -.ras forced to admit that he had lost his way. The captain seated Mmse;f on a lecge, while tLo guide L:y on tbe ground near by, holding the reins of the horses. An earnest conversation followed as to the proper course to be taken In order to got out oi the hills. ' You. may say what you please, but I think we ought to go that r-ay,' said the captain, and as he spoke lie picked up a bit of stone from the ground and tossed it in the direction indicated. The guide stared, then made a rush for the bit of stone. It -was a ii-?ce of quartz so thiclly seamed with, gold aa to form a specimen oi wonderful rich ness and beauty. The two collected a few samples, hid them, and agreed to keaii the matter a secret until they ceull return a.iid take possession of the taiiii'. A fttv days later tlie guide was killed, £ud viuj secret remained trith the caj-uun. 'i'iiiie and again after his troop had been extricated from the mountains did he make efforts to re lc.ta.te tlit hii! of gold, but every effort was doomed to failure it could never be iound. It is possible that it may hiive Lecn the ' Lost Cabin ;' of this there is no certainty, but if not, it was a mine of such wonderful richness that nothing ijL'e has ever since been dis coveted ia tlie Big Horn range. 