ANGLING. OLD TOM. A STORY OF THE SALTWATER RIVER. BY TOPJODIT. It is ead story, and one that will commend | itself to the sympathy of all true sportsmen. Who, amongst the numberless anglers of the Saltwater River during the last quarter of a century, have not made the acquaintance of Old Tom ? Old Tom knew every bend, nook, and corner of the. river from the stone wall at the mouth up to Solomon's Ford, as well as every fishermen who dipped his. line into the water. Perhaps it will be as well to explain who Old Tom is. Old Tom is a fine plump bream of some 4|1b. in weight. Amongst his kind he was looked upon as the only reliable authority of the. river. If any knotty point bad to be unravelled, the dis putants in the case immediately went off to find Old Tom. He took things very leisurely at the finish, merely going up and down the river with the tide, passing the time of day to his acquaintances as he met them. Old Tom had some strange adventures in his time. He had been hooked and played at least ten times in a day, but somehow or other bad always got away- that is, if yon could believe the yarns the fishermen told, for it was always a five pound fish that they had hooked and lost. Tom was the only one of that size in the river, so it must have been he. . Old Tom was doing his usual patrol one antumn afternoon. The day had been a Bcorcher, and as he weut under the Maribyr nong-bridge the water seemed a little cooler than out in the son. He stopped in hia progress, and giving his tail an upward move ment went to the bottom, where he found a school of Bream trying to make themselves comfortable. " Hello!" aaid a small fish ; " here's Old Tom. What's the matter, Master, you seem out of breath V " So will you, Sonny, if you ever live to be aB old as I am, after a swim on such a day as this." Some of the younger fish moved away from behind the pile in order that Tom might get in the eddy and cool himself, for they knew that when Old Tom bad recovered from his long swim he would start to tell yarns. He only wanted drawing out, so one venture some Bream of good 3ize, said " It was nearly a case with me yesterday afternoon, Master. I waygoing down the river when I saw Buch a funny thing crawling about the ground. I went close up to it, and I saw it was good to eat. Imadeadash for it. Oh, Lord! Something stuckin my mouth which hurt me. Off I went as hard as I could go, which* was not very fast, for I was tight held. I knew I was hard hooked, BO I acted on the advice you always give ns, Master-I got into the middle of the stream, and off I went. I must have gone a mile or more when I com menced to get knocked up. I Btopped to take a rest. I thought of your dodge just then, Tom, and put np my back and cut the line across it." " Sonny," said Old Tom, who was^wait ing for an opening to get a word in, " how far did yon say you towed that boat?" " About a mile." " Look here, young 'un, you've been listen ing to some of those fishermen telling yarns, that's what you've been doing. Now that you have started.the subject," continued Old Tom, as he rubbed his back against the pile, " I may as well tell you boys what happened to me one night. You see that scar under my dorsal. Well, that came there in a remark able way. It was one of those lovely nights that we all admired-a nice drizzling rain, and just warm enough to bring a stray fly or a grasshopper to the water to have a drink, bo that you can Buck them down before they know where they are. I was coming up past the racecourse-I know it was the race oouree, because there were a lot of broken bottles lying about-with as jolly a lot of fellows as you'd ever wish to meet. We were as full of fun as we were full of food. All of a suddenltwo or three of us saw a nice big sbrimp drop into the water. I could give 'em all a start in those dayB. I -was first there and got the shrimp. Then I thought Djy.head was coming off. I fancied some of the other fellows were hav ing a lark with me at first-a Bort of tug of war-as they all danced round me asking me if I'd seen a ghost. It wasn't fun to me, I can tell you. Things were getting serious. I could feel I was being dragged to the top of the water, so waited my time and sailed gently on the top to fry and make out what it was all about. Oh, my goodness! I nearly fainted when I heard a voice say, Put the lantern over here and let'B have a look at him. He's a beauty, a five- pounder at the least.' How he guessed my weight I don't know, old Tom added, parenthetically. " However, I was going to die game, so I made another bolt for it I must have run about fifty yards. I knew there was a good, old Btump ot a tree close handy; and what was my delight | I oould see it within two feet of me. How I did tbink of-that old song, 'Thou Art bo Near, and Yet so Far,' I was fearfully giddy. I trial the back-cut with my dorsal; but it was no good. lt only grated like wire, and made my blood run cold. All my mates Bthered round as I wob leaving, wanting to IOW if I had any messages for my parents. The next thingthat happened me was that I feltinyaelftlounderingin*the mud. and then grasped round tbe waist by two big hands, while my jaw underwent the painful opera tion ot hook infraction. How they did praise me l Said I was tbe biggest fish ever caught in the river. * How ldnfcdo you think it took jne to land him, Bill t* the one that caught WB said. * About lOminutes,' aaid Hill. But if anyope asks you, say an hotur.' This wus tooxnuch lor me. I went off in a dead faint. How long I was in that state I don't "know. The night had turned Gold, and a cool wind had revived me, as' lying on the grass. Bill and nismate felt the cold, too. They were wrapped up in their coats, and seemed rather sleepy, so 1 imagined from the smell oftoirlti 'The minutes seemed like weeks to me in inx present condition. I .tried to flop into the ^ater/bnt it was no »Be, I was too fc? fcway. I lay aM&wl; «. hauated for what qeemed an age, when all of a sudden a creepy Benaation stole over me. I could hear a light step on the dry graaB, and soon I frelt a gnawing at my back a Water Rat was toting me alive V Old Tom's listeners gave a convulsive shudder at the thought; he nimself had not forgotten it, for he commenced to perspire freely, and it was some two or three minntes before be could continue. " Here was a predicament to be in," said Tom. "I was to be either eaten alive or dried-up ashore. I kept flopping about and turning somersaults, but at last the Rat sat on my tail. That settled me. He then proceeded to devour me. While he was busy making a meal off me whizz went something. The noise frightened the Rat, but as he ran to the water he dragged me with him, and left me touching it. I soon learned the cause of the whizzing noise, for up jumped the two men from their dozing. One seized his rod, and from the bending and creaking of it I knew that another of my friends was coming to an untimely end. I oould hear Bill ana his mate exulting over their good luck in killing another of our race, while I, at the same time, was thinking of the best way to get back into the water. My opportunity came sooner than I thought. Bill's companion Jack, as he called him-rushed to the end of the bank with a landing-net, and as he did so wallop he slipped into the water. That brought the tide up to where I was, and what with his scrambling and splashing I had plenty of room to get back into that place which we all love so dear. How Jack fared I didn't stop to see. I made straight for the old stump, where I knew I'd have a safe home." " But how did your back get on ?" chipped in a Mullg, who had joined the party. " Hallo, my young Coxcomb," replied Old Tom ; " what brings you up here so early ?" " Well, the fact of the matter is, you can't live in the bay now. They are filling it up with all the slush and rubbish you can think of. It's enough to stifle you. One must have fresh air." " Quite true," said Tom ; " and if things don't improve in this river I'm sure it will be the death of us all." " But you haven't told us how your back got better yet, Tom," someone said. "Oh, yes: I forgot. When you mention slush and filth it always reminds me of that beastly place near Solomon's Ford. That place will be the death of me,'I know. Yon want to know how my back got better. Well you may ask. As I was saying, I made for the stump. It was just breaking day when an Eel came along, as full as a tick, from the piggeries-another beastly place. Says he, ' What's the trouble, Tom V ' Met with an accident,' says I. I told him all my tronbles. He looked at my back. 'Is that all?' says, the Eel. 'I'll soon fix that up. Keep still for a moment, and I'll rub some of my famous ointment on it for you.' I kept as quiet as I could under the circumstances while be rubbed several times across the sore. The pain soon went away. I stopped under the stump tor a week, the Eel coming every morning at daybreak to repeat the performance. I soon got well, and once more returned to the gay and festive scene. So my advice to all of you is-If ever yon meet with a similar fate, look up an Eel and go under a course of masBage under him, and if he doesn't " At that moment there was a loud splash, followed by a still louder one. which quickly dispersed the pleasant family gathering to the four winds. The cause of it all was merely some people swimming their New foundland dogs. The splashing of the dogs in the river upset Old Tom, who in his fright swam up the stream against the tide. He became quite exhausted by the time he reached Gellibrand's Crossing, where he stopped to take a rest-his last rest. I " The hot weather of the last few days and the continual pollution of the Saltwater River are again responsible for the destruc tion of a large number of fish. Amongst the fish found dead along the banks of the river I was a bream weighing fully 4Jlb. weight, with a peculiar-shaped back, giving one the idea that it had met with an accident at some time or another."-News Item. 