TURKISH ATROCITIES. FEROCIOUS SLAUGHTER OF ARMENIANS. A WEEK OF HORRORS AT CON STANTINOPLE. The English papers delivered in Mel bourne yesterday are full of accounts of tlie week of horror in Stamboul at the beginning of last month. The cable messages but faintly convey the idea of the atrocities perpetrated, and wo now supplement the cabled ac counts by a lew hurried clipped partic ulars. Chiefly we extract from the “ Daily News” which thus focuses the events of the week 'J’.he summary of the week's trouble is that the ‘Armenians wished to make a demonstration which should hasten a solution in favor of their co-religion ists; that the Porte determined that it should not take place, while unwise leaders of the Armenians had made up their minds that it should, even though force became necessary. This was their great mistake, because once there was a question of force they had not a chance of success; but being men dri ven to despair, they went through with their programme. Then Moslem fana -htt ticism, armed and in authority, was let loose, and every Armenian who was armed became a victim, logetlier with hundreds who were unarmed. There had been no rising, no insur rection, or rebellion: but opportunity -has-been taken of the employment of violence at the presentation of a. mani festo by persons in despair to let loos5 upon these poor wretches the violence of the Mohammedan portion of the com munity, and the revenge taken has been cruel and brutal. Many of the men. who have boon killed are men who were simply frantic from the losses they or their relations have incurred, and who were reckless of consequences I verily believe that there are doens of men who have gone about the busi ness in sheer desperation, absolutely careless whether they would be killed or not. One such man was in the em ploy of an English merchant. He. too, was remonstrated with, and ordered not to go on penalty of being dismiss ed. He went, and after three davs* prison, in which lie states that he was beaten and tortured, cante out looking like the ghost of his former self, and one mass of bruises. A PRISONER’S nORRIRLE TALE. The following experience relates to a person well known and respected by many American missionaries in tlie capital, and is related to me by that person himself. An office-bearer in an Armenian Protestant Church at Guedik Pacha in Stamboul, where one of the most serious attacks was made, w.ajs engaged .in superintending the building of a church at Guedik Pacha on that day. About 10.30 in tlie morn ing, seeing many Moslems about, and believing that his life was in danger, he went to tlie chief police prison iu Stamboul to ask for protection. Ho was arrested, but a Moslem who knew him vouched for his character, and he was released, and obtained some po lice to accompany him. The police, however, did nothing. Tlie mob of Softas, gypsies, and others jlmd in creased, and he therefore returned to the police prison again. There he was re-arrested and detained in prison. While there lie witnessed the arrival of the Armenian prisoners, who were furiously beaten and prodded with bayonets, the floor being covered with blood. A warder in the prison to whom he was known protected him from being beaten. He declares that! \-- he and others saw four soi<Ji-¥s-,beai an Afhn?u.ail — aftetrwaixls three other persdrnT -H, the prisoners were brought iu they were sent into an inner court, brutally beaten,' and kicked down a flight of steps into ti dark cellar. He himself was sent into this cellar, and found there a man with his arms and legs broken. Altogether there were a hun dred prisoners there. During two hours tlie outlet was closed, and while those within feared death from suffo cation, they heard tiic awful cries from above of men being beaten. My informant was released from the cel lar after sunset on Monday. Eighty eight persons spent tlie night in a room about fifteen feet square. Four others of the congregation of the same Protestant Church were similarly ar rested. but on Wednesday morning they and a great number of other pri soners were allowed to go free. KILLED LIKE A DOG. Incidents like tlie following could be given to a sickening extent, but this one must serve as it sample: — On Tuesday tlie police had arrested in Ghedik l’acba, Stamboul, an Arme nian from the provinces, a strong, powerful man. The prisoner was es corted by two policemen aud two sol diers of tlie regular army. Two Softas followed tlie escort. When they reached an isolated place iu tlie quar ter, one of the two Softas who were following the prisoner suddenly struck a heavy blow on tlie head of the poor Armenian, who, after staggering for a moment, fell covered with blood. Tlie policemen aud the soldiers began to kick him in order to make him get up. When the man got up lie struck iu wild desperation with his fist at one of the soldiers, who fell, aud he also kicked the other. He was at once overwhelmed by the number of his as sailants, and killed on the spot like a dog. AT THE HOSPITAL. Not far from tlie hospital we passed two closed waggons with bodies, and at the door we met one just emptied aiming away. Inside, near tlie chapel, were eight mutilated bodies that had just come. I was disguised, to avoid the suspicions of the Government of ficials, and first visited the hospital proper. In one of the beds was a woman who had been stabbed in the left lung. She also had a cut under the knee, and another ugly cut in the wrist showed she had tried to defend herself. Her wound in the breast is mortal. She said that about midnight of 1st October they liad heard the mob coming outside. Site, her husband, and father, together witli a family of co tenants consisting of a man, his wife, son, and daughter, had tried to hide themselves with some bales of cotton. The Turks came upstairs with torches, crying “Are there any men here ?” JWhen they discovered the women screening the men, they dragged them all out. She and the other woman were wounded. The men were killed, but the girl escaped. Towards morning they were sent by the police to the hospital. The story of the other woman is so horrible that I can give only the out lines. She was with child at the time, and after a severe blow on the head, she received a large cut In the abdo men, resulting in premature birth. She was still alive when she reached the hospital, but died soon after. There were deep cuts in her arm and on her hand, which she had said she received in defending her husband. Another woman had been sent by the Govern ment this morning. She was literal ly black'and blue all over, and was the most sickening sight I saw all the afternoon. She said that, In order to hide, she had climbed with her hus band into a tree, but they had been • discovered, and nearly stoned to death. Her husband was killed, herself taken ! to prison, and lier child lost. From the prison she h*d been *ent to the hospital. Their 'house was situated in «. Moslem neighborhood. THE DEAD. Leaving the Hospital proper, I ac companied the doctors in their official examinations of thirty-four of the bo dies. So awful is the impression stamped on my memory that I fear a description in my own language of what I saw would be too horrible to print, and I will translate the official descriptions of several bodies that were examined in my presence-by au Italian physician: "43rd body, male, stature tall, age £0 yea re; two stabs in the head, one deep cut disjointing the neck, two deep wounds on the right arm, three on the left arm,- two on the left hand, contu sions on all the dorsal region and the shoulders, twenty-four wounds in the back, one on the left side, with fracture of rib. “44th body, male, stature medium, age 05 years; contusions on all parts of the cranium, live stabs in the back, cere bral hemorrhage. “ 45th body. male, stature medium, age 52 years; two deep wounds in the •ranium. deep cut under the left max illary, multiple contusions on the head, eight wounds of the third degree in the right arm, three in the loft arm, ten stabs in the breast, live in the I back, many bruises from a club on the left shoulder. “40th body, male, stature tall, age 22 years; multiple-contusions on-tlie head, four stabs in the back, one very deep, cuts On the back and legs. “ 47th body. male, stature medium, age 45 years: innumerable wounds with an axe on the head, complete crushing of the skull, one wound in the right forearm, two stabs in the right side, another on the shoulder, and one in the lower back. “4Sth body, male, stature medium, age 35 years; six stabs in the cranium, with complete fracture, two very deep wounds in the back, contusions all over the body. “ 491 h bod}-, male, stature medium, age 35 years; innumerable wounds all over the head, the right ear cut off,with fracture of the occipital bone, one bul let hole in the left shoulder, with frac ture of boue, two stabs on the right shoulder, one in the left arm, a cut in the left wrist, sixteen stabs in the back, three in the left leg. “ 50tli body, male, stature medium, age 32 years: fracture of cranium by stabs, contusions on the left arm, fif teen stabs in the back, three bullet holes in the neck, multiple contusions over all the face, a cut on the nose and one on the lips, ten stabs in the chest, and two in the abdomen.” And so the list goes through with the description of eighty bodies. It. is evident, of course, that this examina tion was not scientific or minute, but was made only as an excuse to note and keep a record of the condition of the bodies. There were two Govern ment officials on hand who hampered examination and questioning. Most of the stabs in the head seemed to have been made with knives or swords after the body was down. I cannot imagine how such deep and true wounds could have been made while the person was alive aud standing. I saw only four bodies which seemed to have been struck with axes. Of these, one was cut in the neck, another had his left side cut open, and the two others were hacked a. countless number of times in the cranium. Most of the thrusts in the back and chest, the examiners said, and so it seemed to me, must have lteen made with bayonets, and after the body was down. U'Iiq fwaz. bullet holes that were pointed out were so yjeiy' placed thatth'ey' must have been fired point blaik. It was impossible to state to what class of society the dead belonged. All were males. Only where the clothes were very poor were the outer garments left on, and many bodies were only wrap ped in winding-sheets. Four or five I noticed wearing white shirts, and one cuff was found with a laundry-mark, 09; c(nly two could be conclusively Identified as harnals or porters, 'file clothes were all very much soiled front blood and dirt. The age varied from 22 to 55, with the vast majority in the | thirties. I 