BRIEF NOTES. No more cremation at Sandringham. Cr. F. G. Wood the new Caulfield president. T: An interesting visit to Cheeseman's nurseries reported elsewhere. The East Brighton Athletic Club A social next Weduesday evening. Ladies night. la Cr. Burgess has been elected presi- pc dent of Moorabbin. No allowance. w The centre Dandenong-road tram pro- to posal is being kept alive by Mr. Atten borough. P Cr. Griffin (Caulfield) says nightsoil is c' to be seen ooztng out over the Malvern to footpaths. t1 The Br:ghton Council has adjourned b for a month-there is not enough busi ness for fortnightly meetings just now. g There was not a bit of business of any o real importance before the Brighton S Council on Monday evening. Cr. Clements (Moorabbin), the new h North riling member, took his seat for the first time on Monday. r The Moorabbin Thespians took about 0 L14 at their Beaumaris entertainment. G and expc t to clear L12. r The Attorney-General to be asked to S create Cr. Knox, late president of the Malvern shire, a permanent J.P. The ' Malvern Council is making the applica- I tion. Ex-president Knox (Malvern) has b distributed his presidential allowance of £75 among the charities. The eminent J. iL. Purvees, Q.C., has consented to pay the East Brighton Athletic Club a visit at an early date. Mr. W. Boland (East Brighton) has issued a` challenge ti box any member of the Ic. :al athletic club, any weight, i best of six rounds, or swing clubs, for a trophy. Cra. Phillips and Long (Caulfield) allege thai loads upon loads of nightsoil are continually being obtained by the market gardeners of Malvern, Moorab bin and Oakleigh. Only four members of the Brighton A.N.A. attended the meeting'on Wed nesday. The Braille Writers' Associa tian left in disgust. Moule, M.L.A., gave the Caulfield Council to understand on Wednesday evening that he would not be dictated to. Mr. Butler, the new Moorabbin in spector of nuisances, is already on the warpath. Wandering cattle, nightsoil smugglers, and bicychlists, beware ! The Brighton A.N.A. social, to be held on Wednesday evenmg, 25th inst., in the Cole loniru He'l, promises to be very successful. W. J. Capper (Caulfield) who opposed Lloyd for horth-west riding, says he was " sold like a bullockat Smithftield." Why didn't he follow ors advice. Caultield says a hither price to stone breakers than any other municipality around Melbourne. Cr. Clements (Moorabbin) thinks there should be only one rate-co!ector and hra ask, i for a comparative return of rates, etc., collected in 1885 and 1895, to be submitt:l to next meeting, preparatory to letting the guillotine descend on young Bi'.'s napper. L Moorabbin councillors reckon Insaec tor Butler is going to fill the pound with stray cattle. We hope Ewen will give us a show with the forthcoming sheaf of impounding advrs. Cr. Benjamin has worked real hard in arranging intricate details in connection with vesting a portion of the Mordialloc reserve in a committee of management, and is deserving of the hearty thanks of all concerned. The Moorabbin Council intends ter j meidiflegth, agreemesa 'with MrE. Roo' in regard to the nightsoil depot at the end of the year, and tenders are to be invited for another site. Mr. McSwain (Moorabbin) has been appointed p ,und-keeper at £35 per year and a cottage, but he has to pay for his assistance, and the sustenatiou fees from the pound go to the council. Cr. Wilson (Brighton) has re-opened the mayor's room. On Monday eventag after the council meeting all the council lora and the press were invited to pat take of refreshment. Oh, what a difference ! and no "paltty L75" either. The tMoorabbin Thespians don't be lieve in patronising local tradesmen. They take their little printing jobs to a ready-while-you-wait shopin tee Eastern Market, Melbourne, but always like to see the local newspapers give good re ports of their shows. Cr. Abbott (Moorabbin) says the old order changeth and giveth place to the new, namely, old councillors will alt be soon removed by new blood ; but the "'old hands" give up the municipal ghost contentedly and peacefully when they feel they have honorably and con scieutiously discharged their civic duties. Cr A. R. Stone (Brighton), we regret to say, is confined to his house through a rather severe attack of influenza. The Melbourne press unanimously compliment the Oaulfield council on the result of th`e meat and m .k supply conference cpeyenied;by them. Cr Burgess. !th:zight man in the right plr'e aikdd ldnot of the Moorab bin shire. OU t.il hbwa of his election rer lhI'g th6e -iiltbn and Caulfield councils at their diisbtiugs this week the verdict wrs.unanimously-" The Best Man has beei.Eleoted." One of those cases where the innr. cent suffer for the guilty was before the Brlghton courtyesterday when Mr G. Herbert was fined 20a wrth 22s Gd costs for selling spirits under the required astrength. Mr Herbert bought from a local wine and spirit merchant, who purchasedfrom awholesale Melbourne house, where the liquor wt~s blended. SThe blender andnot the venderis really tihe tgilty party. But is there any am in selling weak spirits 1 It is surely better than "chain lightning." A small fire occu-ed at the Railway hotel, Bay street, Brighton, early on Tuesday morniug, but tr was discovered in time and quickly suppressed. The damage was only trifling. The Ms!vecn and AMmadale trades men areadupt; g the ha'f holiday sys tem. A". the grocery establishment have closed at one o'elock erevy Wed nesday for the last three weeks, and on and after Wednesday, 18th inst, tlhe hay and wood cnd coal merchants wi!!t 'so close on the same rfteraoon. 