COREESPONDENCE. .THE ANTI-ASIATIC QUESTION.. ;_; ? '-+ ' TO THE EDITOE. Sir,— In view of the perfect hornet's nest of criticism my defence of the white races'has aroused, I naturally feel some what embarrassed. The disturbance commencing with a buzz i3 still hum ming,- and one's head is fairly addled with the manner of literary gadflies .whip.Vl hn.VP TitiOTi nrmnnii nnf. nf -fliolnnail centres of Asiatic corruption.' I have first to deal with somebody calling him elf ,' John Smith.' This rather numerous individual challenges my statements concerning Christy Palmers ton. Now it really doesn't matter a button to , the argument ?whether 'Christy Palmeraton was speared- in , the heel or a little higher' upon the name side of his body, or whether he followed Little or vice versa. Still, I only repeated the tradi tions current about Palmerston in the far north over most of which I have travelled. If Mr. Smith doubts the accuracy, of my statements'he can write, say to Mr. Archie Merton (The Sacred Ibis), or, to Mr. G. T. Bates, Editor of the Cairns Argus, and he will soon be satisfied that Palmerston was not the poltroon he represents him to Have been. Palmerston has nothing to do with. the dispute anyhow, any more than the ghost of Julius Caesar's grand father. Mr. Mtisa Khan's diatribe, though often illogical and absurd and ^sometimes untruthful, is much more' to the point. Mr. Musa Khan ? says that the ' Anti- Asiatic League objects to Mohammedanism in! particular. This is untrue. Our printed manifesto says nothing about Mohammedanism.' We object' to servile labor of all kinds, and my reason for* giving special prominence to the believers in Islam, is that they**are at present the most unpleasantly conspicu ous. and obnoxious of the servile races. At the same time I admit that I should regard the establishment of Islamism in this country as being nothing short of a national, calam ity. Mr. Musa Khan goes on to Say that' Mr. Vosper, the :most impor tant leader of the league,stated that the negroes and kaifirs of Africa, and the colored people of America, could be welcomed to this colony, because, they were either Christians or could be easily converted to Christianity.' The white people of Armenia or Siberia (Asia) could not be prevented by ; any Act of Parliament lrom coming in here, vt course, Europeans .. were in ? , Mr. Vosper's opinion, Europeans minus the Mohammedans in Turkey (Europe).' Now, I said nothing of the kind concern ing Kaffirs and other colored tribes. What I said was, that if being a British subject, were a qualification for entry, then wo should have to ? admit the Kaffir and Bamto from Af rica, the coolie from India, the Chinaman from Hong kong, and so on ad nauseam. But I did not, and do not admit that being a sub ject of the British throne is a sufficient qualification. I said nothing whatever concerning. Armenians or Siberians, ex cept in referring to the outrages on the former. If the inhabitants of- Siberia or Armenia h ave the same tendency to lower, the standard of our civiliza tion, as the Afghans or Eohillas or whatever they really are, then I should be their bitter opponent, even though their Christian sanctity gave every one of them a place in the Greek Church calendar. As for the Turks, I did not refer to them either, but will now say that they' have never licen recognised asEuropeans. They are intruders, whom the European Great Powers would unite to drive across the Bosphorus, if it wore not for , inter national jealousy. I did not say ihit Islam teaches its votaries to pollute all the waters they come across. What I UitUr Btljr Tiao, vuafV ouc jloxauuu laiitu |;ic' scribed ablutions for certain unmen tionable reasons, and that the Afghans in carrying out this behest of the Prophet, did pollute the water on -the goldfields. It was their action in that respect which led to the Point Malcolm tragedy. Their reli gion' does teach them not to associate with Christians. The Koran, chap. II., plainly ''says : — ' War is enjoined you against the. infidels.' (Infidel being the generic title for all non-believing1 in the Divine mission : of Mohammed.) Chap, if I. is very emphatic oh the point. One verse'is as follows 'Otrue believers contract not a friendship with any be sides yourselves; they (Christian; Jews, &c.;,) willnot fail to corrupt you,' And later in the same chapter i ' Whosoever fighteth for the religion of God, (Islam) whether he be slain or whether he be vic torious we will give unto him a great re -nru/rji' T?.in.Tifc fli or/if nrfl** fon Xrn. C\hn-n V. is even stronger. ' O true believera lake not the Jews or the Christians to be your friends ? whoso taketh them 'for his -friends, he is surely one of them' These words are from the sacred book of Islam, and the position is ibis— H a Moslem is faithful to a Christian then he is false to his faith ; and, if he be true ? to his faith he can never be ought hit an enemy to us. Is Musa Khan prepared to risk eternal dam nation by way of showing his kindness' towards any Christian ? There are dozens of curses in the Koran levelled at Christians and the anathemas against recrpant Moslems who profess friend ship., for Christians are equally numerous and severe. Let Musa Khan, beware, therefore, for the Prophet has got his eye on him. As regards mixed marriages which- is the next important point. This .inter marriage is one of the evils we wish to avoid by. the.. exclusion of the Afghan. The Moslem.irill ' associate «vith ' and ''?Jove*?-', after . his ? own sensual fashion ' Christian ' women and will not pro salytisu them because there is no place iii' Paradise for them if they were con certed. -l But is there any white man in Perth who would like to see his daughter or- sister in a Mohammedan harem ? Arabi Pasha; the ee'e'jrated Egyptian exile now in Ceylon, li;is six wives, of whom four 'are French and two English. No .doubt Arabi ' Iove3 ' them and.'' associates ' with them and would do the same for as many more if any of the ' Fair maids of Portli' chose to offer themselves as candidates for a place. But is tills the state; of society which Mahommedanism is to'; -introduce here? If so, are not thesfe ' mixed marriages' another and most; powerful argument for Afghan exclusion? I agree with Mr. Musa Khan that in some respects it would be ^.better for the English had they never possessed India. Whether it would be .better for India, however, is another question. If Mr. Musa Khan know3 anything about the History of India, he will agree with me that India is far better governed now than She ever was .under Mahomniedan rule. The disease of ieprosy is spreading rapidly, as 1 have; frequently asserted. Who knows, 'indeed^ as Mr. Musa Khan says, whether this, may 'not be due to Punjaub wheat and Bengal cotton? In the case of the Armenians, they are appealing to the Great Powers because the. Mo hammedan power under which they live is weak- and impotent,, except for evil. When we start the horrible atrocife? of Armenia on. the Afghans; \--v^.-;. «*- ? — - — ? — r- here it will be time enough to appeal to that puppet and man of 'straw, entitled the Ameer. There is only one way for the .Afghans to escape the frightful persecution to which we subject them — such, as refuahig to give away our land for their mosques, and as speaking in. plain language about the unutterable evils of their tribe and faith intheman ner -customary to free spoken white men — and that is for them to depart hence and leave, the country to those who have borne the brunt of its discov ery and development and their legiti mate successors — the white native Aus tralians.— I am, &c.;, ' ' ?? F. C. B. VOSPEE. Cafe de Paris, April 25, 1895. 