Fatal School Panic. \--0- EXCITING DETAILS. A sad calamity occurred on the night of December 6, in a school-room in an outlying district of Belfast, by which four children lost their lives, and about thirty others were more or less injured (says the Daily Chronicle). It appears that a performance entitled "The Cos tume Recital" was being given by a company who styled themselves George Arthur and Co., and, as the prices of ad mission ranged from ld. to 3d., the build ino, which is capable of seating about 400 people, was crowded, the greater portion of those present being children. As the performance proceeded someone turned out the gas, and a panic ensued, resulting in a stampede for the staircase. Here the audience got jammed together, the majority of those in front falling headlong to the bottom of the staircase, and the others coming pell-mell on the top of them. A terrible scene ensued, the smaller children being trampled upon in the attempt to reach the exit, which was found to be closed. When an entrance was effected by another door and the light turned on, it was found that four of the children were already dead, while a large number were in an utterly exhausted state. The names or the children who were suffocated are Dennis Dwyer, aged six years; Eady M'Keown, ten years; John Conner, eight years; Annie Campbell, seven years. An other little girl, named Maggie, was terribly injured, her life being despaired off. There were four children severely idnjured, their names being William Kill ough, Thomas Falloon, John Doherty, and Joseph Cassidy. These were all taken to the Royal Hospital, where they remain under treatment. The represen tative of a news agency yesterday morn ing interviewed a number of people who were present when the panic occurred. One man named Peter Cassidy, of 55 Oyprnes- etreet, who took his little girl, four years old, to the show, says:- "There was a rush by the people behind for the door, and then the children in front got terrified, and scrambled over everything, trying to get to the door too. I was towards the front, and Ipicked up my little girl and put her in the room be hind, out of the rush, and went the length of the stairs to try if I could find a light anyhow. There must have been a horrible crush on the stairs at the time, though I could not see. The women and the poor children were shrieking and screaming. At the time the gas went out I did not hear anyone shoouting ' Murder' or ' Ghost' or' Fire,' but there was plenty of shrieking ' Mur der' and ' Help' afterwards. The children ren over each other, and tumbled over the forms to get to the door, and some of the glassin the windows was smashed; but I don't think that anyone was hurt in the room. It was then they got to the stairs that the mischief began." Another eye-witness says :-" Those who had been able to struggle to the bottom of the staire were thrown down and trampled on, and they became heaped in a mass at the door, piled one on top of the other." Several heartrending scenes were witneseed. when the little boy M'Keown, of 8 Dnlervy-street, was con veyed home. His mother was completely overcome by the occurrence. A little girl named Rose Taggart was removed shortly after midnight to her own home in Linden-street. She is about fourteen years of age, and at the time of removal was in an almost helpless condition. The constabulary authorities are closely invee tigating the affair, and the Lord Mayor of Belfast has visited the scene. The Centra Nloews says: A girl of eighteen, named Nowell, who was at the show with two young sisters, took them by the hand when the lights were put out, and, making for the stairs, found herself in the middle of the crush. She is a strong young woman, and battled bravely to save her sisters as long as she was able; but ultimately she fainted, and \--ken extricated was still in an uncon dons condition. Her sisters were, how ever, both uninjured, owing principally to her efforts on theirbehalf. Annie Camp bell, one of the deceased, was not identi fied untilyesterday morning. When ex tricated from the crush life was found to be extinct. On her forehead extending back to the top.of the head was a large scar, and she was also much bruised about the body. She was carried into the house of a woman named Trainor, close to the school, and a description of her was told from one to another, hut, although numbers of people were admitted, none of them could give the least clue to her identity. Amongst those who saw her were a number of teachers. Finally a little girl said she believed the body was that of Annie Campbell, and the latter's mother was at once.summoned from Milford-street, close by. Mrs. Campbell said she thought her daughter was playing in the street, but, on going into the room where the body lay, she at once identified it. The scene was a most pathetic one, and all those present were moved. The mother appeared daz-d, and repeatedly uttered words to the effect that she never imagined her little girl would be brought to her lifeless. She then broke down, and her piteous wailing only ended when those around offered to convey the body homue. The sad affair has produced great excitement in Belfast and the neighbourhood. 