RAILTOM AND SASSAFRAS. (FBOH A COBBESPONDENO?:) The Ba lbon spirit is not a ghoat but a newly arcmed desire to achieve something —to progrets, nob to retrogress. . The ' Bo rd o° Agriculture, with ita chairman, Mr Tune, it3 secretary, Mr J. BlenkhbrD, and ita 30 and more members composed of thinking farmers desirous of imnrovine' their mindr, their farms, and. ^their pockeba, hap, ia cpVe of diBccurage mmt8, determined to estaUish a new and important iadustry. ^he prospiec tas o£ the now longtalkedof potato drying, etc., company is shortly to te i8s;ei. Ib9lisve it will contain a3 pc-- visonal directors such nameB as Messrs H. Murray, M H.A., W. Syken, and J. G. Atkinsoa, of liatrobe; Mesfra Clerke, «f Sheffield; W. E. Boviil, of East Devpn p-rt; and W. D. Tune, Eailton. TTi'h these gentlemen directing the scheme is almost already assured of success. I a'sj heir that about 500 shares out of 2000 r j quired have been spoken for, and o e gactleman is eo pi a3ed with the idei that be has stated hiB iateation of taking 10'J. A patriotic gentl m jn, Mr John Sheeai,. who offered some of hiB land free to tha company, but which was somewhat incon v«n ent as to site, h?s again come forward and offered to purchire the 10 acres of land desired and then hand it ever. The thanks not only of Eiilton, but cf all Ta mania, are due to Mi John Sheean for this liberal offar. The Sassafrai Spirit.— The farmers of this d'strict, desiring a road to Bai'ton,. must first bridge the river Mersey at the Nuive Eo3k (fjrmof hon. W. Har'),and they will cut the timber and convey it to tha spot if tbe Goveraaierifc wi 1 t?o the rest. Th's shows th ir earaestnos'i, and is a verv rarj instance in Tasmania of tha1; spirit cf .; local s-.f hip which every Governxenfc should eacurage. The Sassafras psopte desrrve the bridge. Will they get it ? As your space must be reserved for Min/BtariKl extracts from ' Noble thoughts in no! 1 j language,' j ust like raisins in plum doff i I'llw tihold my -common ordinary diet of' ne ws f -r a day c r two. Agita- i n by tbe church party in i'rance againtt the fct x»tioa of revenu.s of religi-v ous houses is being carried on with greater persistency. 