Theue is no reason to believe that the ses sion of , Patliamont which opens to-morrow will be a stormy one. Except that there are, as always, some members who are convinced that they should he Minis ters in place of the gentlemen who now hold office, there is hardly the making of a groat party struggle. The present Govern ment took office more or less reluctantly, ...fit. .1 :/!_ _ VY1UU UI1 UA)1US9UU apcciiiu UUJUUU 111 view. The previous Government started with a similar intention, and lament ably failed to carry it out. What this community had come to take a serious view of was that its poli ticians, in former years, lnid pledged it to a rate of expenditure beyond its present means and quite uncalled for by the public necessities. There was consequently a growing gap between the income ' and the expenditure of the State. No self- respect ing people could tolerate the continued existence of such a state of affairs. The chance association of rogues which manages to get possession of political control in one or other of tho South American Re publics can afford to he reckless in its operations, and say, like Metternich, " After us the deluge." Governments of this stamp are not much fettered by moral considerations, because tliey are not hound by traditions, and give hut little heed to the maintenance of either personal or cor porate honor. A British community has a more tender conscience, and whon it was made quite apparent that Sir James Pat terson, like Lord John Russell, as des cribed hv London. Punch, was "not " strong enough for the place," tho necessity of substituting some more capable Premier wa3 made manifest. It was no doubt a relief to even the opponents of the present Government that Mr. Turner accepted the responsibilities of olfice with the well defined purpose of putting the finances in order by increasing revenue on the one hand and diminishing expenditure on the "other. Difficult as it was to induce Parliament to impose fresh taxation in a period of great depression, the task of reducing the expenditure was no less difficult and certainly more delicate. . To go about tho country as the Patterson Government did denouncing the Public Servants as cormo rants who were devouring a lot of money anu giving nccie worK in return was neither fair nor dignified. Wo have main tained for many years past that the Public Service was overmanned, and that in many cases tho work done was not necessary in the public interest. But the responsibility for that state of things lay with tho autho rities who permitted it to arise rather than with tiie persons who had taken service under an implied contract with the State. The proper course to he taken in such circumstances was to reduce excessive salaries and to depend upon deaths and retirements for greatly narrowing the field of State employment. This was the course taken by the Turner Government, with the result that during the lato recess the public expenditure has been reduced by about £500,000. What largely con tributed to this success was the sensible proceeding taken by the Cabinet to make independent inquiries through certain of its own members into the actual condition of the Public Service, instead of trusting, as has been done heretofore, to the reports of the departmental heads, who are natu- liiiiy lutii iu tiuuiiu iiuuv tiuuiu uua ucvu extravagance in the offices under tlicir charge. It docs not seem possible for the Opposition to sustain any charge of dereliction of duty on the part .of tho Government in relation to questions of finance. Retrenchment has been steadily effected, saving a large annual sum now, and promising even better results from its operation in the future, while the revenue and expenditure, as will be shown in the next Budget statement, have been brought much nearer an equilibrium than they have been for a good many years past. No doubt the Opposition will endeavor to make capital out of the discussion on tariff revision. But they will find their efforts in that direction vain. The Cabinet is not even responsible for all the recom mendations of the Commission, which is a Parliamentary body virtually reporting to Parliament. Tho work of the Commission was to inquire into anomalies in the work ing of the fiscal system, not to discuss recommendations made have been chal lenged as unwise, and if it can be shown that they would, if carried out, injuriously affect the cause of protection to native in dustry, Parliament will nob hesitate to lay them aside, and in doing so will earn the approval of tbe Commissioners them selves, who were careful to justify protec tion and call attention to its beneficent effects on the industry of the colony. The free-traders, in getting ap a thin ghost of an agitation lately in favor of a return to Cohdcnism, have naught to obscure tho issue. They endcavpr to . make out that the whole purpose of the Commission's inquiry, and of , the Parliamentary debate to follow, is the modification of the tariff in a tree-trade direction. The " correction of anomalies" does not of coarse mean anything of the kind. If a particular duty has remained inoperative for a number, of years, it is surely open to regard it as one of those revenue taxes of which the free-traders are so enamored, and to abolish it would cause no qualms to the protectionist mind. Again, adiiiicuity arises sometimes when a , protected article becomes the raw material of a protected industry. Surely all such questions, as well as the amount of duties, can he discn'ssed' and dealt with without calling in question the settled policy of tiie colony. If the foreign trade party chooses to hug delusions it can do so ; hut when it is coolly assumed that the tariff debate is to eventuate in a catting down of protective duties, as "a first step" in a march to free-trade, protectionists will he put on their guard, and quickly undeceive tlieir over-sangnine antagonists. It happens tiiat the organ of the free-traders has become so habituated to the use of certain phrases that it does not see how inconsistent they are with much of the context. We are told, for example, that " thq nectssiti«« of the situation call for " some radical change, for if the producor " is forced to sell in tho foreign markot lie " must he allowod to buy freely thore, " unless lie is to bo robbed of tho benofit " of the exchange." If tlmt means anything, it is thab in the interest of tho farmers all customs duties should bo abolished, and Melbourne he mada a free port. How the peoplo who are opposed to tho taxation of land or incomes propose to raise revenue in lieu of tho customs duties is not apparent. Nor does the freo-trnder need to iuquire, because whon that branch of tho inquiry is touched ho falls hack npon another and inconsistent set of phrases, which preach the doctrine that tho object of fiscal policy should be, not 'to diminish taxntion through the cus toms, but to doublo it ! How Vic torian producers are to be bene fited by paying the Queensland rate of £2 13s. lOd. per head at the Custom House instead of that of Victoria, £1' 9s. 5d., obviously wants explanation. How is the exporter to " buy freely " in tho foreign market if he has to pay on his imports double the amount he pays now .? No less silly is the contention that tho larger customs revenue of some of the other colonies as compared with Victoria is due to the duties being lower. U the duties are lower they are more numerous. The practice in this colony has been to abolish the duties which have no protective influ ence, whereas Queensland and New Zealand have had to cast the fiscal net over a wider area in order to secure revenue. We may he ex cused for rafsrriiu' iust nmv tn ttiosn peculiar modes of reasoning, because they will he repeated ad nauseam, by the members of the free-trade rump in the coming fiscal debate. Although the rectification of the tariff will occupy a considerable time, there is no reason why the session should be mono polised by it. There aTe other questions of importance awaiting settlement. The mallee settlers are entitled to the promised measure dealing with the ultimato tenure of their terminable leases. There is a difference of opinion amongst tho Settlers themselves as to whether that tenure should be freehold or perpetual leasehold at low rentals. Why should not they have an option, so long as thoy exer cise it before the expiry of their present leases ? Or why should not the two systems permanently co- exist? Not only the mallee lessees, bnt the great body of the farmers throughout the colony, aro anxiously awaiting tho pro mulgation of a practical scheme for afford ing cheap money. It is surely time, too, that tho condition of the charities should be inquired into, and some more satisfac tory system of management than that whicli prevails provided . for. It was pointed out the other day that the aged poor sent to prison as a refuge cost the country more than would their mainten ance in a benevolent asylum, so that we inilict an unmerited indignity upon these poor people nnd waste money in doing it. But the whole charitable administration, which has grown up piecemeal during a great many years, should ho reduced to something like system and order. Amongst the minor measures awaiting enactment not the least important is tbe Libel Act Amendment Bill. It is not creditable to the colony that fetters which have been removed from the British Press are still allowed to remain on the journals of Victoria. That an improved Companies acii is oauiy wunreo an cue erauinuns oi the boom period attest. There is, in fact, ample material for a business session, apart from the tariff and possible skirmishing between the " outs " and the "ins. " It was ths consummation of a moral tragedy when Mr. Justice Wills pro nounced the sentence that consigns Oscar Wilde for two years to prison, and tor life to infamy. And yet no one should desire that the jury's verdict wore unfound or the judge's words unspoken ; for tha man over whom the prison has now closed was unfit to be at liberty. Not alone is his life a stain upon human kind, but his very teachings have been a moral pestilence. To take only one specimen — " /Esthetics " ara hk'lier than ethics. Tliev helont? to " a more spiritual sphere. To discern the " beauty of a thing is the finest point to " which we can arrive. Even a color- " sense is more important in the develop- " mont of the individual than a sense " of right and wrong." Here probably we have tho clue to that perversion of moral sense that seems in him always to have delighted in abnormalities. Nordau, in his Degeneration, referring to this trait, shows tbe pernicious tendency as well as the utter absurdity of tho pro positions. They aflirin " with the Parnaa- " sians, that the work of art is its own " aim ; with the Diaholists, that it need " not he moral — nay, were better to he " immoral ; with the Decadents, that it is " to avoid, and he diametrically opposed " to, the natural and tho true ; and that " art is the highest of all human func- " tions." According to this French critic, English literature owsb nothing but evil to this unnatural advocate of art. To his mummery anil buffoonery his poetry owes all its notoriety, being " feeble imitations " of Russetti and Swinburne, and of " dreary inanity." This is the man who is said to have walked down Pall Mall one afternoon dressed in doublet and breeches, with a picturesque biretta on his head and a sunflower iu his hand. He was a posture master, a maker of quaint phrases, a coiner of paradoxical epigrams — nothing more. Yet his oddities made liim a name and sold his books, and even in his dramas it is the antithetical absurdities of the diulogue which have often been mis taken for sparkle. " To be natural," he said; " is to be ohvions, and to be obvious "is to he inartistic."- Everything about the man tended to abnormality — itself a species of insanity, at least in the sense that all vice is insane. There can bo little question that Oscar Wilde was that curious species oi human monster, a man entirely without conscience. It is not alone the crimes for which lie has been convicted that stain him. His per- inries. committed in order to convict flip Marquis of Qneonsberry of a criminal libel, are scarcely l«ss revolting; and the egotistic swagger by means of which lie attempted to explain away portions of the evidence against him all point to a type of being destitute of the moral sense. Tbe sadness that oppresses the mind in connection witli this awful scandal is not over any sudden moral catastrophe. It is not the eclipse of a noble nature under tho stress of temptation. The nobility was never there. He was a grinning skeleton clothed in a mask; the mask has been suddenly torn away, and the horror is revealed. Oscar Wilde is simply the creature of his own morbid philosophy. There can be no pity that such a' being is in gaol ; the only regret is that our prison code is not one that would keep him, and such as he, permanently under restraint. Both monometallists and bimetallists can join in rejoicing at the large increase in the output of gold for tbe year 1894; r The monometallic producers and manufacturers will find in the increased amount of gold coin which will; come into circulation a hlghor price for thoir raw prodiico and manufactured goods, for any inflation in the currency always moans higher pricos for commodities. Even the most violent monomotallist, who donias that a silvor addition to the coin Bupply of tho world does not necessarily entail inflation, because of tho opuration of Grcsham's law, must admit that if the visible supply of gold increases, tho prices of Bilver and other commodities must advance pari passu. On tho other hand, bimetal- lists who hold that Bilver has fallen because of the appreciation of gold have every reason to congratnlatc themselves, because the greater tho output of gold the greater will he tho depreciation of the yellow metal. Without trenching at all ou the question of a Binglo or double standard, it is obvious that tho miner will give his host attention to tho production of which ever motal will pay him best. In 1873 tho silver dollar of 100 cents was worth 103 cents in gold in the United States, and had it not been for tho demonetisation of silvor at that time, it would have paid hotter to have sought to win silvor than gold from tho howelB of tho earth. In other words, tho man who at that time produced 16 ounces of silver received a better reward than lie who pro duced one ounce of gold. Now, howovcr, all that is changed, and the reward for producing ono ounce of gold is greater than , that for producing almost 30 ounces of silvor. The intelligent minor consequently devotes his energies mora and more to the production of gold, neglecting the metal which is. at all events for the time, of less relative value. What has happened in Colorado, a State rich in both gold and Bilver, demonstrates this to a nicety. Tho increase of the gold output for 1893 in that Stato was 2,227,000 doli, and the estimato for 1894 sliows an increase of 3,750,000dol. over 1893. At the same time many silver mines were closed, and the miners transferred their attontion from silver to gold, because tho latter was relatively the more remunera tive. From all parts of tho world nows is daily received of great activity in gold mining nnd a falling off in tho output of silver; and it is by no means being ovor- sanguine to hope that even without any return to bimetallism the prioo of silver may he enhanced by natural causes. According to tho tabulnted figures which we published yesterday, tho estimated gold output of the world for 1894 is £38,067,114, against £32,625,643 for 1893. Tho figures for Victoria aro somewhat puzzling, for the Mint states that more Victorian gold has been coined during 1894 than the Mining department reports to havo been produced. However, both sources arc agreed that there is an increase in uie ouipuc, which is sue iacc oi importance. Victoria as a gold producing colony is luckily able to export gold which is always of unchangeable value in paying the interest on licr debt. . Any increase in tho output of gold does not make her gold output one wbit less valuable for this specific purpose, hut she is also a great exporter of wheat and wool and other produco whoso price must advance if gold bccomeB more plentiful. Leaving on ono side altogether the question of an advance in silver, wo see that a larger output in gold must benefit us, for it does not reduce the interest paying value of our gold, and ij< enhances the prices of our other produce. In these circumstances we can, if we wish, look selfishly on while the fight for a bimetallic standard is being waged ; hut we must not forget that tho increase in the gold output may not continue, and- a return to bimetallism would enormously hurry on the advance in prices of general commo dities. The American Silver Convention has just declined to permit the unlimited coinage of silver at a ratio of 16 to 1 while the commercial ratio is 30 to 1, and Sir Wil liam Harcourt absolutely refuses to con sider the question of a bimetallic standard. The tenure of oflico of the present British Chancellor of the Exchequer is not likely, however, to he a long one, and Mr. Bal four is well known as a bimetallist, while Mr. Goschen is by no means opposed to making some changes in favor of silver. 