TOPICS OF THE DAY. Ghost stories and holidays sro supposed to go well togsthcr. There is no account- ipg for tastes. Hitherto the ghost has usually been content to walk nt Oliristmus. The " Weekly Times " has, however, dis- covered an " Knstor Ghost, and it gene rously makes a present of the apparition to its readers this Eastertide. Tho illus trations in our contemporary this week inciudo viows of Ballarat, scones of country life in Victoria, and numerous portraits. Tho serial stories continue highly inter esting. To-morrow all post ofllces will bo closed, and no mails despatchod or du- liveries uflfecUd. In all telegraph ollices Sunday arrangements will be observed on that day. Ou Saturday nil poit aud telo graph offices will bo ojion ai usual. Tbroa marines and two bluajaekois, be longing to II.M.S. Orlando, accidentally misROil the vessel when alio sailed for Adelaide. On Monday thoy reported thoinsclvos to tho Defonco department, and Cemmatidor Collins, tho .Secretary for Defence, wirod to Portlund for in structions (rum tho Flagship.' Captain Fisher, of tho Orlando replied, asking that tho mon ahould be looked after and sent on to Adelaide, when ho would reimburse Ihu Department for RHyoxpenso incurred. Tho mon havo accordingly bevn provided with board and lodging, and will leave by the Adelaide express this aftor- William It. Wobator, 37 years of ego, was arrested by Detootives Ward aud Mncmanamy to-day in Victoria strcot on tho chargo of larceny of LI, tho money of J. W. Pngo, baker, Oaut- 11 old. It in nllogcd that tho accused represented that ho was contioctod with < the Prahrun Debt Collecting Company. Certain accounts woro given to him to collect, and it in alleged that ho collected the LI referred to from Mr Page, and appropriated it to his own use. Tho dotectivos stato that tho accused collected other iuwh nad also appropriated thorn. The accusod wet brought befora the City Court to-day, and on- tho application ef Macraanamy ro- tnaudod to appear at Oaulflold, en Friday, 10th iust. As coudensod in our report, tho ovi- donco given by David Paul in Tub Herald libel casu yesterday, it appeared as if tlio witness specially desired to dony that he had removed tho diaries referred to in tho casu. This would couvoy a wrong impression. Mr Paul, in the conrso of his evidence, said, among other matters, that ho was in no way related to Mr Arthur William Paul, who had given evidonce earlier in the eoao. It wax inoross-oxamie nation that witness doniod any knuwlodgo of tho diaries, A amoko nigltt, under tlio auspices of tho Caledoniau Society, wee given at tho Masonic Hall, Collins- slroet, lust evening, a largo number of mombora and their friends being present. Mr Goo. B. Gordon, tbo secretary, prepared a high- clans programme, tho audionce vigorously applauding each item rendered. Th following aro tho nemos of thegentlomon who kindly awustod towards theerfuing's ontortainmont : — Msssra Jas. Briorloy, Arnold Bill, M. A. Fnuor, J. Sutherland. .T. Kendall, Tom Baillio, T. W. Lloyd, D. J, Dunlon, Will Elder, R. Follows, J. Maokay, It. W, Roaburn, T. Metcalf, T. Kirkwood and U. W. Skinner. Mr Alex. Law prosided at tho piano. Mr A. Kraetzer'e orchestra ronderod two instru mental pieces, and Messrs btewart and Morriaou assisted with ono or two tunes on tho pipes. Tho audionco disported after tinging " Autd Lang Syne." On tho 3rd of May, 1804, ft was roported in Thk Herald that Maudo Adda Bray- bnmPurvcs obtained a divorce from hor husbaud and that, under a deed ef separa tion previously modo, the lattor was to pay nis wifo iOt a week for the maintenance of a child. We uow find that in «tbo dood ef , separa tion tho words ".two ehildron" and not "a child" as reported were used, > This morning tho body of a woman was found floating in tho River Yarra, near tho Gaeworks, by Arthur Rebson, who resides iti Jvflcott street. West Mel bourne, , The body was taken to the OUy Moriua, and was subsequently identified ; by Mr Fewster, railway employe, maid ing at No 133 Hawko street, West Mel- 1 bourne, as that of kis .wifo,' The deoeased 1 had baen in a weak state of mind for some 1 time, aid yesterday afternoon escaped from the heuso and evidently drowned herself. At 0 o'clock last mght a Mr Loo fouad at the back of the Friendly Societies' Gardens certain articlos of clothing which belonged to tho deceased. Ctrl Schmidt, 54 years of age, was arretted on warrant in Swanston ntrcst to-day by Constablo Plant on a charge of stealing a aaxohorn vnluod at L2 10s, tbo property of Moss Aeronn, pawn broker, of Lygon ilratt, Carlton. Tbo accused had the instrument with him when arrested. Ho stated that it was lent to him by Mr Anrons. Tho latter stetos that ho was allowing tho horn to accused when he walked olf with it. George Newman, 54 years of age, who resides at No. 20 M'Pbail street, Essen- don, foil from a cart in the Boundary ruad last night, and was greatly injured about tho faco and head. . He was taken to the Molbournc Hospital, nnd admitted for treattnoni. A pleasing ceremony took placo nt State School No. 773, Cattlficld, yester day, when Mr Thomas Smith, lato head teacher, and now head teacher of State School No. 1C08, Hawthorn, becamo tho recipiont of » handsome marble clock, mounted with a silver plate bearing tlio following inscription " Presented to T. Smith, Kv,, by the touchers and fiohelars of S.S. No. 773, Cnulfield, on his removal to Hawthorn, as n token of aflcction and esteem — 10—4—95." In making' tho presentation on behalf of the seh&ol; Mr Lamps referred to the happy relations £diich had always existed between Mr Smith and the acIiooI as a whole. In his reply Mr Smith ex pressed his gratification at the apprecia tion ovinccd by the manner in which ho had performed hit duties. Yesterday, in mentioning tho insol vency of Mr Andrew Jack, it was stated that ho was a wholesale stationer, of Fhiidcra lino. Thid may give riso to a wrong impression. Tho schedule was Mr Jack's private schedule, and the insol vency is in no way conuocted with the business of Messrs Andrew Jack and Oo., of 317 and 34rJ Flindori lane. Sermons appropriate to tbo day will be E reached in St George's Catholic Church, 'rutntnond street, Carlton, to-morrow by the Iluv. John M'Cartby in tho morning, and the Rev. F. Bingham, 0. S.S. It , in tho evening. By advertisotnont in another column it will bo Ht-on that drags and buggies of evory description can bo obtained for tlio Easier holidays nt tlio Hunt Club Livery StublfB, Little Collius street, at prices to suit tbo timcB. The South Molboumo Military Band will play' on tbo Soutii Melbourne IBs planodo on Good Friday afternoon. "'ihrco Legs" inquires whether any society of Manxmen oxi-tts in Molbouruo; end, if so, where is their place of meet ing! Wo do not know. Porhapa somo of our readers tun supjily the informa tion. A notification nppoarain the "Govern ment Gszotte" that honorary Captain Samuel Crisp, deputy judgo advocate of tlio military foYcoa. has been promoted to tho horivriry rank of major. In our advertising columns will bo found thofourtconth ronort of tba Royal Baok of Australia Limited to 30th March last. Tbo director! draw attention to tbe strong finan cial position of tlio bank, tho cash reserves amounting to 35 per cent, of Its liabilities. The operations for tbe term show a net profit after paving salaries, ront, and otbor charges, of L2130 l is 3d, which Is added to previous orcdit belauao, making LIS, 339 13 lOd aed carried forward, Messrs Fonton and Co. announce that tholr emporium will be .open for public luipeotlon till 10 o'clock to-night and Saturday, 