CHGAPTER XXX. UGLY WARi hGO, The rain had cleared away, and the dark clouds had changed to fleecy little billows that sailed high under a sky of intense blroc. Though the winds were strong, they were soft and, pleasant, tempered by the rays of the warm ann. "I am glad that there is a promise of fine weather." thought Looksley. "It would not be nice to be married in a storm of wind and rain. I would not like it, for Dora's sake; women are so sensitive. and we are already surronaded by so many chilling ionflenane." He had not to wait two minutes for a train at the Temple station, and it seems that there are always trains for everybody on the underground railway. " l:iehmond train !' shouted the guard. , Right away there !' He hadn't time to be civil to the pas?engerr. The officials do not believe in civility; it is sheer waste of time in these hurrying, scurrying days. Looaley stepped into a first-class com. psrtment and rat down. fis mind was full of Dora, and a glad light came into his eyes. The pleasant sunshine seemed to have awakened all that was beautiful and bright in the world, after many hours of gloom. It was dark in this foul-smelling subterranean passage, but he knew that the day was glorions beyond ! \- A forecast of our lives-mine and Dora's," he thought, hopefully. He took from his pocket-book a tiny miniature of the girl he loved. She had only given it to him that morning ; and be sides it was a bit of cardboard, with a round hole in the centre. With what care had Dora made this little circle, for it was to be her lover's guide when he should choose that maic rim of gold. her wedding-ring I Lookaley gazed lovingly at the portrait, oblivious that his vis-a-vis, a man a year or two his senior, was watching him, a cynical smile on his face. "I am sorry to interrupt yon," his fellow traveller said, at length, " but I want to smoke badly, and haven't a I:ght." Lcnkaley looked up. " I don't believe that I have noticed you before," he replied, " Here are some matches," The man laughed, but It was an nn pleasant laugh. "Thank you," he said. "I quite under stand the state of your mind. You are under the spell of some pretty woman-for a time." Edmund looked up sharply, his face flash ing half-angrily, but the stranger's eyes were turned away, while be was thrusting some golden tobacco into a bowl of his big meersohaum. "I was in the same fool's paradise myself once." he went on, bitterly. "Mine is not a fool's paradise," Lookaley said. "I cprried a woman's picture and a whole trees of her hair in my bosom for three years; I worked in the mines of California. I tolled like a veritable slave for three years for a woman's sake-a woman whoprofeesed to love me, and who was to be my wife." " Well" said Lookaley, interested in spite of himself. '"I came home to find that my faith, my hope, my happiness, were but a dream of the opinm-eater I" "9She was deadl" whispered Edmund, pityingly "Dead?no A thousand times worse !" the other said, with a savage sneer, and setting his teeth hard. "She was false! My love died a crel death! I am blighted." "I am sorry for you," said Lookaley. And he realized how trifling were his troubles oompared with those of this man. " The shock must have been terrible when you had so muoh faith." "And Iam sorry for you." replied the other, with snugly lagh. "You remiodad me so much of myself when I saw your raoturoan gaze at that portrait." Laley smiled, Your disappointment makes a doubter of you-a cynic. I am to be married in two days. My love is good and true. There is no cloud on our futare's horlzon." "The old story," sooffed the stranger. "A mere conspiracy of nature for pairing people off. I tell yon that happiness and truth are but dreams of Utopia, invented to ameontuate our misery. Be warned in time !" The train stopped with a jerk, and the stranger jumped out, without another word. "Iam sorry for him," repeated Locksley. "Poor fellow I He carries his misery in his face. His is a strong nature of eitherloving or hating-for either joy or woe." - The train was off again, and he had half a dozen companions until he reached Rich mend. Still, amid all their talk, for they were busy disncussing the suspension of a great banking house, he could not forget the stranger's unhappy story-he could not for get that this was the second story in one day of woman's frailty and man e misery. But he forgot it when he was out in the enniicht. and strode the platform cf Rtich mend station. A drzen hack-driverr waved their whips at him, frantically, ehoutine : " Carriage, eir, carriate !" "I want to go to 3Iortlaro IRoad," he said to one of them. " There is a village noear, I be!ieve? ' '?yes, sir. Kew Villge. A mile and a half from here," responded the maon. "Take me to the post-office," Loceloy ordered, " and from there I wish to go to * The Myrtles,' in the Mlortlahe Road.' Tae driver sigeitied that he understood by oarhing the rim of a battered silk hat with hit grim; forefiager, while L,)-Cley entered the earrioge. Aunoher moment, and the vehicle startel away, and wos roon rolling through a deightfl coonot-y lane, whoso htdge-rows sere briliant with the tints from autumn's asvish brush. " It is a pretty. olae," thought Lookaley. " I am core that Dora wii like it.' Tnio was the one burden of his wishes. He hoped or he thought Dora would like everything that he did--everythlng that conoerned them-that concerned him and herself. At the quointlittle post-offie he presented Scard that Fairfasx had Riven tohim. "I wish to look over 'The Myrtles,'" he .aid. ' I understand that you have the keys..' The postmistress was an elderly women, sod she looked at him a little curiously, while handing the keys over the counter. "Do yon think of renting 'The Myrtles,' sir T' she asked, respeotfully. "II it snits me. I may buy the place. I hope that *The Myrtles' has a good reputa. 'ion !" He spoke ha'f.laughingly, but he noticed that the postmistress only smiled sadly, and made an evasive reply. "It is a very pretty place. asir. I hope that you will like it, and that good fortune may attend you. ' He half-turned, then spoke again : ' You have lived here for a long time, madame!' " Forty years, air." "It is a good neighborhood! I wantyou to tell me truthfully and candidly. I can trust you to do this when I say that I wish to bring my wife here-my future wife, I should say, for we shall not be married until the day after to-morrow." For a minute the woman seemed dis tressed. ?" Toe Mortlake Itoad is the most relect in l'ohmond," she said, at length, "and near to Sheen Park, where members of the Royal family live. It is one of the healthiest "laces in all England, sir; bhot 'The Myrtles' is not a lucky place." "'I do not understand you," smiled Edmund. "Ido not place anyrellance in mere luck, as it is generally accepted. If the elevation is right, and the drains upon the latest scientific principles, there cannot be much the matter, unless," he added, jokingly, "there is a ghost !" "I never heard of a ghost, sir," the post mistresa replied; "bhut I will tell you my meaning. I may be a foolish woman, but*I can't help it; and since you have spoken so nicely to me, I advise you not to look at The Myrtles i' " " Come, come ! that is too absurd. Now let me hear your rensors." Lookasley was amused. "I will tell you in a few words, sir, and then I export that you will laugh at me. It is just eight years since a fline young gentle man came here, air. He was a perfect stranger to everybody, but he had plenty of money, and he built she h' he Myrtles.' and furnished it on the most lavish scals. The grounds were planned and laid out by the most expart landsosp gardeners that money could obtain; and then, when all was finished, he brought home his bride. They came here from the church to spend their honeymoon at ' The Myrtles.! It is dread inl to tell, but the poor creature died that verynight-died and fell into her husband's arms, while speaking to one of the servants upon some trifling matter." "Well!" demanded Lockeley. "I sup pose the poor lady had a diseased heart, and the excitement had been too much for her !' "In a measure that may have been so, but it was rumored that one hour after their marriage the young husband discovered that the woman he had honored and loved beyond all others, was not worthy of even a kind thought ! He had been abroad, fighting for his beautiful home-nest, for one who was false to her vows. The proof he held was indisputable, and the servant said that the look of hopeless despair upon his face was terrible, when he gazed upon her lifeless form." " Heavens!" thought L-okoley. "Can that man be my acquaintance in the train, only one short hour since I " " When the ill-fated bride had been taken to her last resting.place, ' The Mrrtles' was closed, and the furniture sold by auction, piecemeal," the postmistress went on. "For years no one seemed to notice the house, hidden as it was by the trees that anur rounded it, until everybody was surprised by seeing that it was fall of workmen again, and the story soon leaked out that Mr Fair fax had bought ' The Myrtles,' to bring his bride there." "Yes ?" questioned Lockaley. "I know that my friend was disappointed, but he has not told me how." "His wife to-be eloped on her wedding eve, with another man I" ' Great God I " ejaculated Edmund. "One would think the place was haunned by gruesome memories Still, I am not of a superstiious turn of mind, and since I have come so far, I will look over 'The Myrtles,' madame. He thanked her and stepped into the waiting carriage. SBecause there have been two false brides, must there of a necessity bee third!" he thought, a little contemptnously. "Even if I could believe it possible for my darling to be other than an angel-to be influenced one iota by what I have heard, would be an insult to the dearest and trnest little woman on earth I It is certainly strange how fate puranes its way, and I shall soon begin to believe that the novelist was right, when he accused nature of plagiarising te wonderful events and co-inoidenes oa fiction." Tee carriage rattled along smartly for ten minutes, then pulled up before a pair of ornamental wooden gates, Lookaley read "THE MYRTLES." 