Across tiie Border, I liad been invited to Julia Butler's ] bedding. I did riot approve of its j coming off to toon after her aunt's death. There was indrcent haste, I thought, in these marriage festivities ten days after the funeral. But then I had old-fashioned ideas about some things. My judgment was not con culled. 'Come and see the presents,' said Alieei Julia's young sister, who was dancing around in her gleeful way. 'They are just lovely.' ' Not in here, sorely,' I said, draw ing back at the door. * Yes, here,' she said, laughing, a> she pulled me in among the other doren or bo of guests, who weiy talk ing in a subdued way, as they examined the presents. I felt a cold shiver creeping over me as I glanced at the bed in the centre of tta room, which was bespread with presents. It was no wonder I shivered. The room had gruesome associations. It was the room in which Bhoda Crump had suffered agony from an incurable disease for a year or more; and from that decked out bed ah© bad been carried to her grave only iten days ago. Somehow I felt too heartsick to 6xatnibe the things. A glance showed me the usual number of cake baskets, butter knives, sugar spoons, and the like, and I noticed a handsome bronne clock on a small table beside the bed. That which held my eye, however, was a large crayon picture of the bride in a heavy gilt frame, which had evidently been enlarged from aphotograph. The picture rested against the table which held the clock, and beside it, on the carpet, stood a pair of old shoes with the ties Worn open. I knew the shoes. They were relics of Rhoda. I I had been with her a good deal during; her sickness, and had often rallied j her upon her affection for those old I shoes. ' They lit every crease and joint,' j ahe would aay in apology. I It seemed as if the shoes diffused a sardonic grin upon the fine company .round them. The eyes of the portrait drew me with strange insistanco. I had heard Julia called the image of her Aunt Rboda sb she was at twenty five. Now, as I looked, Rhoda's oyoR, as I knew them, sharp, keen, yet pathetic with suffering, seemed lo be looking through tbose of the picture into mine. By degrees the whole face changed. The rounded outline of Julia's countenance was effaced, and Bhoda's shrewd, slightly querul ous, but kindly face appeared in its stead. I was awakened from my dream by a question over my shoulder from a tall young woman who had been looking at tho picture when I entered. * Very true likeness of Julia,' she commented; 'don't you think so? J feel all in a crawl,' ehe bent to whisper. 'I must get out, it is so disagreeable here.' " Rhoda Crump died in this room,' I said, briefly. * Oh, did sheP' queried the young woman; ' I believe she is here yet. There's- somebody or something un canny in the room. Do look behind that curtain. Someone may be lurk iog there for the silver,' she added, with a forced laugh. ' Nonsense,' I said, as t swept the portiere aside, and opened the closet door which it concealed. *8bo for yourself.' She peered inside the clothes closet. 'There ib nothing so get-at-able as a burglar here,'declared a woman who joined us just then. .-The others had filed out silently. ?Tvbould suppose.' ahe added, 'that Rhoda Crump suffered enough in this room to be glad to get out of it, but I seem to feel her around.' I glanced at the shoes. ' Why are they here ?' I said, inconsequently. She hurried out, but I was detained by some strange fascination. I stood by the bed staring into vacancy. Was it vacancy? To my fancy it was peopled with invisible forms I glanced at the portrait. Julia had now displaced Rhoda. But Rhoda aeemed to be an active creature in the room, heading a band of shadowy followers. All at once I remembered what sbo had said to no > week before her I death. j ' If I do not make things nncotn- j fartable for that girl'-meaning Julia; -'after I hare got out of the body, it will be because I am not able to exert an influence. There is retribu tion in store for her especially, and I believe I am to be an instrument. I shall find help in the shadow land to carry it out.* While I thought of this a din from tho shuffling of many feet seemed lo fill the room. Three sounding raps on the head board of the bed sent me hurrying out of the rpom, as if the Old Nick was after me. I went and mingled with the others in the parlours, glad of a little hilarity <o overcome the bungaboos. The wedding passed off pleasantly enough. The pair left the house at a late hour to take a train to Chicago. While the rice rained in showers as they passed out to the carriage, I saw someone standing in the doorway holding up the old shoes and about to fling them. Julia turned quickly as someone shouted, 1 Old shoes for good luck!' and said with flashing eyes, 'Don't you offer to throw them after me!' The hatred in bor pretty face made It positively ugly. I l«y a long time thinking that night, while James s'ept quietly ; J could not get Rboda ont of my mind. She had lost her husband and her child years before, and was called rather 'queer* by her relatives. She had strange, abrupt ways and wbb not a general favourite. But I hid always liked her. She was a strong woman mentally, and I had often thought that she bore her terrible suffering with the heroism of a martyr. She had many Kood points. She was just to the last jot and litile, but she did not know the meaning of tho word 'generosity,' either in thought or act. She was an. forgiving and unyielding 'Render! good for good, evil tor evil,' was her motto. She had mado her home for years with her married brother, and there hid been constant friction be t w»en he and the members of the bouse, hold. It grew worse after her brother's I death, and the strain upon all, by her long sickness, seemed to cap the climax of disagreement, Rboda had held her own opinions about thtf other world. She believed | there was no cessation of action after the breath left the body. She had never taken any interest in so called modern Spiritualism, yet her views bad a strong flavour of that belief. ' Thero is an invisible body inside of this one we can see,'she osbd to say. 'People touch elbows with us every day, and we do not feel, mnfih Jess see them, except under dertaic rioeptivn conditions. It is so very strange f Are we uxnally fcoHsoioits of fTefflu* from air or eider'dbwn? £« (here any thing very odd in the belief in in visible people? Don't tell fee we fett off at once when wi get olit of this body if wC have any interest , in staying around. I for one don't eijject to be spirited away an> farther than I choose to go.' .film certainly'lmBn't left that rdftm yet, X said aloud, conviction growing strong in the darkness. ' That she hasn't,' said a voice near me. I started up. Was it the voice Rboda ? 'Did you spekk to me?' JameB asked in a sleepy tone.' 'Oh, it was you,' I said, half ashamed of my credulity, . Let us go! to sleep." But James was already snoring again. - ? Julia's home was to be in Chicago. Her husband held a good position on a railway, and her outlook waB*prbs*per ous. At first she wrote of the pleas. j ant home she had in the Lake City. Presently there was a discontented note in her letters. She was lonesome nights, with Fred away so much. There was something strange about the rooms where they lived. She had teen -awakened night after night by sounds of shuffling feet and short chuckling laughs in the room where she slept. Fred had heard the same on the nights when he was at home. He declared the place was haunted. They intended to move as soon as possible. AU this was reconnted to me by Mrs Butler, Julia's mother, as I bad known the family for years. One nigbt about this time I dreamed of seeing Julia and her hushnnd walk iog hand in hand up the gravelled path, ehaded by chestnuts, which led to the Butler homestead. Though their faces were familiar, they seemed to be children in stature and their clothes were in rags. In my dream I saw them go up to the front door and ring the bell, then, as it did not open, they went *ound to a side door and began to batter it. Within a week I heard that they were both back to the homestead, and that Fred had lost his position. When I went oyer to tbe house I found Julia changed from a rattling, thoughtless girl of six months ago to a subdued, unsmiling woman, disin clined to talk much. After a while Fred got another posi tion on--a railroad, though it .com manded small pay. J ulia remained at home with her mother. Within four months her little girl was born. -I was sent for that night. 'Julia seems to want you here,' her mother whispered. 'She has the queerest notions. She thinks her Aunt Bhoda haunts her, and that you will have some power to lay the ghost. Of course it is all foolishness, but Julia knows she was not very kind to her aunt, and in her state of health she is liable to notions. I Btfi £lad you are here.' I went in knd spoke fcheerfully to Julia. She looked beyond my shoulder nervously.. ^ ' I want you to stay round and keep her away,' she said.' ' The doctor would not understand if, I told him anything. He would think I was crazy.' ?' _ 'No one shall trouble you to night,' I said, soothingly. I had a whimsical idea that if Bhoda Crump was indeed around, Bhe would think it scarcely just to harass the young woman in this her supreme hour. And she did not. Julia still remained with her mother. When little Grace was a beautiful child six months old she suddenly sickened and died. The doctor had no diagnosis to reach the case. Tbe child had been perfectly healthy, and was laughing and crowing in her mother's arms, when the little form became convulsed with pain, and before the doctor got there she was^ dead. Julia's tearless grief was touching. ' I saw a black shadow come over her face like a flash just before the convulsion,' Julia told me, ' It seemed like Aunt Bhoda's hand reached out to snatch my baby from me.' ' Surely not,' I said hastily. ' We mkist not be foolishly siiperatitiouB.' It was not long after this that Julia i joined her husband in the now, though rather humble, home ho was now able to make for her in the distant town where his work lay. They were only fairly settled when Julia succumbed to illness. Weeks of intense suffering followed, during which she was at the mercy of an unscrupulous hired nurse. Her mother would have gone to her, but her own feeble health forbade the journey. The rest of thiB cuHoiiiitory hafoga upon the old shoes, Bhoda's wedding present. Jiilii told ine all the circum stances three years afterwards, when her second ihild hSd ebtoe to cheer her heart. She bid tevfer bSfcn troubled with the Strange noise fcince the' birth of < little Orice, tliotigh it hkd seemed to her during her sick noes that some ; grim relentlesi'frfrtf wasMwaysfcy her bedside. But one night, whfen the wis ionvales&iht;, ttrid wks frte Irbin; pain once tmotre, she dreamed of seeing Bhoda, sttiilifig, at her bedside, while she held tip the old shoes tind chuckled "6ver them. In a jiffy she had th'6ra on hefr feet, and WftS dancing around the room like a madcap school girl, strewing small, silver pieces on the carpet aftfe'r Mf, ?find 3u1i4 iaW that the silver was issuing through the open < toes of the'Sld sfioetrftSTtM arid fas'tfer, and awoke herself, laughing at the ddfiity bl it. - ? . A week later word was brought to her tUKt Fr8i IM bfeen injured in a; railway smash.up, and had been carried to"the hoiijntil. The wolf was WOta at her door. How to get bread while the bread winner was disabled was the question. One morning the bell belonging to her second floor rooms gave a resound ing peal. She hastened down to the door as fast as her weakness would permit, and found there a man standing, who was enveloped in a loose garment resembling a Roman toga. He looked tall and impressive. His face was of chalky whiteness, and his round, keen black eyes seemed to bore holes through her head as he looked at her. ' Good morning,' he said, with a bow, and speaking with a foreign accent, j ' I will state my business at once. I am in search of a pair of dead men's j shoes.' | Julia drew back, thinking he was a lunatic. ! ' I am perfectly sane,' be said with a peculiar smile. ' I repeat, I want a pair of dead men's shoes, genuine ones. ] You do not understand. Let me ex plain. I am before tbe public as a spirit mesmerist. I perform strange j feats and am sometimes accused of being in league with the devil; In the coarse of my training I discovered by mere accident that by stepping into a pur of shoes which had once belonged to a man now out of the body I could become en rapport with his epirt. I oould call him up before en andienoe with all his spirit associates end make them provide entertainment. Some infloence directed me to your door, and indicated the second bell.' 'I hare a dead woman's shoes/ Julia said rather Bharply, It was only that morning she had come across them in the bottom of a box packed by Alice. 'So mneh the better if they are' genuine,' he responded eagerly, ' May I see the shoes ?' Jalia vent up stairs and soon re-; tamed with them. The niari in the toga took them in his hands and held them up. . > ? ' She suffered,' he said in a whisper. .She was onfoiigiving. She was jost, but not generous. She' is an -earth bound spirit now, but she is, progress ing.' He changed his tnfie, * They are not my size,' he said briskly, with a glance at his own'small,'neat loot, < bnt tlipy are worth fifty dollars to me.' Julia's eyes were blinded by tears when tie gave her the crisp bank notes from his pocket book, ' It is foolish, I know,' Julia 'said at (he close of her story, 'but I half be lieve that Atint Rhoda has engineered a good part of my life, since she 'crossed over,' just as she said she would. After I bad suffered enough for my heartless treatment of her, the old shoes I despised were the means-' ' Nonsense,' I interrupted. ' It is your fancy. But what became of man in the toga f ' Oh, he put up big posters, Jiired a hall, drew big crowds and made money white the papers told of liis wonderful powers. Perhaps he was a humbug, but he saved me from starvation. N.Y. Suiiiay Mercury. 