Shrouded inMystery OR, Which Girl Did He Marry t By Skipp Borlase, AOTBOB op ' Fob Trub Love'6 Sake. *? Three Lovely Wok..n,' ' Dahkkp Tn Death,' ' An Ocean SKcnKT.' 41 Bbcalled to Life,' ' Riches to Buin,' 'Who Killed John Cameron?' 'The Tolicb Minister.' Etc. CHAPTEH XLVJI. AN AWKWARD RENCONTDE— INBIDE THE OLD SAXON KEEP TOWER. Halcamus Greenwood had once more emerged into .Prake-street, and was re traversing it with hie eyes bait upon the ground and his mine! bent wholly on the matter lie had in hand, when, owing to those two reasons, he ran up ngainBt an Individual who was coming from (be opposite direction, and so annoyed was ho at this interruption to his train of thought that be curbed him roundly, even though tbe fault was entirely his own, li£ being on tbe wrong side of the way. Bat it so happened that thfl other person- ? age was in no more amiable moo.i (ban bit' was himself, and no, Kraspiug JlalcaniUB l«y the collar, h«? reloriiil ' Vou unmanned* varlet 1 What the dcvildoynn mean? Down on your knees, fiirra, and apologise for your incivility, or I will teach you manneis with my stick,' at the same time brandishing that instrument of destruction above Green wood's head. A beating or even a quarrel was, bowevor, (he very last thing (.bat that aelutc indi vidual desired — so be replied oilily : 'Oh, if the fault wns mine, 1 will of couree apoloeisc, though I really thought it Was yours. The fact is that I wasn't io the best of tempera through having just lost my last coin over a cockfight, and 1 was in deep thought ae to bow I wbb to provide mjself with a bed and a breakfast.' Be looked up into bis assailant's face as he concluded, tbe light of the dim oil lamp fchining fall upon his own tbe while, which 00 sooner had his indignant collarer glanced angrily down upon then be exclaimed : ' You've the countenance of the ecamp wbo.n the crowd ducked at Packer Spout on my wedding morn, as w»»ll as the voice of the scoundrel who sLoppcd my carriage and forced me to bare mv wife's arm for his inspection, under the pei suasion of a loade-1 pistol, in Clegg Hall lane, on a late hour of tbe same day. By heaven, it is Jike enough that you arc her villainous abductor aB w^ll. and know where she do w is into tbe bar gain.' ' I wish to heaven that 1 did know where ehe now is, and for my own sake a deal more than yours ; for if 1 did you may he Bore, Sir Harry Howarth — for 1 can plainly see who you are now— that jour thousand j pounds would soon find their way from yoor i pockets into mine, and thus the bed and | breakfast question be most pleasantly j fijlvfd,' answered Halcamus glibly enough. 'But, you infernal villain, it was jod who carried her off by fOTcc from the grounds tf ' Clegg Hall. Come, you bad better confeeB : St,' roared tbe baronet threateningly, 'I wish that I could confess if. I wish I that I had carried her off, for then most 1 probable I ahonldknow where to find her now. Yes, I've been wishing that ever since 1 saw the reward bills posted up,' rejoined Halcamns, so ruefully that it would have been difficult for almost anybody to have believed that- he wasn't telling the truth, Then he quickly added, ss though a sudden inspiration had struck him— - ' But 1 may euccecd yet in discovering her, aud 1 intend to try most confoundedly bard. I've the advantage of knowing her by eight at all evenin, and that's something; for though I've for months been bunting for my wife in vaiu J way succeed better with yours, ' because there's a deal stronger inducement j tor discovering her.' ! Sir Harry didn't know what io flay or do now, nor what to think. 1 Greenwood's dever acting had almost ; persuaded him that he was guiltless of Lady ' Howarth'e abduction, and could he but re cover her be did not care a single rap throagh whose agency he did it. .Then, had he not promised in the reward bilW to forgive her very abductor bo long as he restored her safe and uninjured ? She hivi not b^en a consenting party— she had even offered determined and violent resistance to her captor— the baronet had his insane daughter's not to be doubted assur ances on those points, wherefore all bis thoughts and sympathies were for tbe hard ships and terror and tfre persecution which She might be enduring, £0 thai even tbe desire for vengeance upon «'he scoundrel who was no dcur.t trying to make capital out of his atrocious action wbb a very Sueoodary feeling. Besides, he had heard of the maxim, ' 6ei- a thief to catch a thief,' and Halcamns Greenwood seemed just the kind of rascal who might manage to outwit the original rascal, who, perhaps, was playing ' the waiting game,' that was to say, keepiog dark until the reward should be increased or even doubled, which, of course, would mean all the longer suffering, both in body aud in mind for his uuhappi- victim. So, instead of thrashing Greenwood, as be at firBt bad an intense longing to do, the baronet released him and then said — ' I'm ready to fight tbe devil with bis own weapons, and you promise to make a down light good one for such an encounter. Go, then, and the thoueand pounds are yours ae soon a g won, and no questions asked either. Furthermore, I will change the amount into guineas should yoa succeed in finding and bringing Lady- Howartb to Lisbon Hall, my present residence, within four and twenty boars from now. For your present needs . take this purse, It* contents will amply Supply them,' and dropping a somewhat bulky one into Greecwwd'e bands tbe baronet resumed his walk a1ou-j the street, his state of mind being such that he could sot remain quiet at home, and rendering vfcilent exercise the only antidote to .the . alaoet maddening diBtrc-ss of mind that he I vrae coffering from, Hatamue Greenwood was aa thankful to parteompany with Sir Harry Howarth as Sir Harry Howarth waeto be quit of Halcamas Gteenwood, the baronet's feel ings being those of disgust, while the ex ommn'ii. dfisnirw b£t hnnnco. hnr! hpon mnro Akin in terror. Halcamua now hurried *£ong towards the Rnf old again, but he could cot resist the temptation of baiting immcdUtecy he was ?out of tbe baronet's sight, in order u- jjs cover how much there really was in the purse, and when he found that, gold and oitoer together, it amounted to close upon ten poinds, his satisfaction was considerable. 41 it'll enable me to Jjve in clover until the larger sums drop iu,' be nmitcrM to himself. 'And drop in shall.' be .continued, grindiog his teeth .the while as though some doubts of their doing so bad tfc^denly entered bis mind, ' for if 1 .can otfly discover another way to Ruth's prison £ can deliver her up to her husband, or the tlacobiiaa up to fhe law, whichever I choose the first, and neither will interfere Mth other.' Five minutes later h -! had passed the Vtafold, presently to gain the site of what bad once lieen one of the twelve great Saxon castles of Lancashire. He now lighted a dark lantern, which the landlord of the Goat and Boots had also pro vided him with, and, attaching ft to a long piece of whipcord which he took from bis pocket, he proceeded to a spot where nettles and docks grew tbe rankest, and also con cealed from view a dark hole, which t he burliest of men might have slipped through with ease. Lowering hie lantern down this hole until it rested on the bottom he discovered by the light that the descent would be an easy one, and the coming op a perfectly practicable feat as well. The consequence was that a minute later he stood beside tbe lantern, and found him self the inmate of a damp and gloomy vault. I bat having nothing that was perfectly terri- 1 trie about ft. As he bad not after all troubled himself about a spade he went down on his b\nde and knees and commenced to Inat tbe earth and rubbieb- covercd floor all over with hip jemmy, listening Intently and eagerly for it to give forth a hollow sound the while. At last it came, and then, upon scrap ing away the tbiefc deposit of earth which pa— ing centuries bad laid there, he readied at last what was evidently a trap door, and, as be at onoe felt oonvinoed, another ap proach to the Temper's subterranean chapel, Hip chief fear now w&b; that lu: would lack tin: strength tu raise it. But. by clearing away wilh a knifi* hludo ail the earth thai was tirmly cmbudJcd around the riui, and ihen using the borrowi-d jemmy as a lever, he at laBl ewcH'dcd even iu this, and then, upou lowrriug Ma lautcru down into that holu as into the forim-r one, he clearly de scribed another subterranean paB6ago about six feet brnca'.h hiin, which seemed to trend away to the right. Taking oil his coal Halcainus Greenwood tied one of the slaves in a tight knot around tho rusty iron ring of the dislodged trap door, let iho remainder of the garment hang down the hole (tbiB in order to facili tate hie return), and then drop|tcd lightly Upon proceeding along this lower passage for a very short rliBtaDce he discovered, to his intense joy, that all bis suppositions with respect to the place were correct, for there was the door of the Templars' mor tuary chapel in all verity — there could be no doubt in tbe world about that. ?'Now,' muttered Greenwood jubilantly, 'the way is clear, aud 1 know exactly how to play my cards. Within lour aud twuiU hours, a.'.c, within twelve for that matter. 1 shall ho t lit1 richer bv two thousand and live hundnd pouues' So thought the unscrupulous and wilv scheuiiT, but a pcruBal uf the nc.M. few chapters will convince the reader thai llaleamun was iudu^giug in the reprehen sible iiractic^ of counting hiB chickens before they were hatched. CHAITKK LX VIII. BTRAHRAKU RESOLVES TO tiACIIiriCE HIM SKLP i on 1 ti F. HAI'MNESS OF OTHERS. \\\V will now rot urn to the haunted house in Ghost Lane, and its occupants. 11'jbc Slrauraor had intended lo have gone bom-: Jo h.Tfnt bv-r's house immediately upon hrr arrival in llocbdalc, in order lo acquaint her }tarcnU with all that bad happened to her since she had parted from tbern in bj strange and unprecedented a fashion, as also with the dangers and biding pl&cc; of her companions. Hut the riotous, and to her incompre hensible, proc'.ssion that she had seen Jpass and also caused her, mainly owing to the entreaties and the persuasions of her husband and Lancelot Leigh, to change her deter mination and poBtponc her intended visit un til the next night, and she was able to do this all the better because they had still sufficient provisions with them to last, with moderation in the partaking, another four and twenty hours. So they made a frugal Bupper aud then chose the apartments they would occupy during the ensuing night. Bosc selected the inner of the two chambers on the first lloor that com municated directly with each other, and her husband said he would occupy the outer one, since there he should be best able to guard h r from any possible danger, while Lancelot Leigh declared that the room on the ground floor which they had Drstentered would suit him as well as any other. This matter decided on all three at once retired to rest, for their fatigue had of late been very gfeat, and they were consequently dead tired. Notwithstanding their dangerous and most unpleasant position, thev soon fell asleep, and their elumbers would doubtless have continued until morning but for the weird horrors and the lamentable chapter of accidents that wire destined to ensue. Two hours might have elapsed when Cameron of Stranraer was awakeDed by a sadden and an awful cry, coming evidently from the inoer room that was occupied by his wife, into which, aa be was fully dressed, he at ooce rushed, with the result that he beheld her standing iu the centre of the empty chamber, treiobliogfrom bead to foot, Ami her eves tilled with a fitr&ricro; e*nr.-*minn of mingled horror and terror. The moon, which by this time had got aound to the back of the old honss, leaving the front in deep darkoeeE, shone through the dirt-grimed window with sufficient pow.-r to show him all this, causing him lo ex claim : ? Gracions heaven, wbat is the matter ?' 41 A dream — oh, a terrible dream— but, thanlc God, nothing more,' she gabpod, look* ing around her like a startled fawn the while ; and then, with a half gasp and half groan, she sank to the Boor in a swoon. Stranraer could not tell what to think. He glanced in turn around tbe room, but it was quite empty, ani there was no way into it but through his own, the door of which he knew that be had locked on the inside. ' It must have been a dream, iadeed, it could not poBsibly have been anything else,' the chicf therefore reflected to himself, and having come to this conclusion his second thought was how to restore Hose to con sciousness. But when he bad knelt down and raised her head upon his lap, he was suddenly puzzle what to do next, for neither water nnr burnt feathers were at hand. It struck him all a', once, however, that she was iaced very tightly and having read or heard somewhere or other that such a condition of things waB dangerous to anyone in a faint, lie at once undi t the front of her dress, and with clumsy because unaccustomed fiogors soon managed to remedy atall events that fault, y. e, li*r respirations were certainly less labored, for her Jungs bad now free play, as iue rcgumi uettv.UK Ml jjtrr euiwciuuu v testified, and Stranraer came to the con clusion that time was all that was now required to bring her to herself. 13ut in tbe meantime a curly lock of bright chestnut hair had become revealed — a lock which had been enclosed in that most fair and sweet boBom ever since the evening when KoBe had thought for ber parent's sake she waald marry Sir Harry Howarth on the morrow, a fate from which she bad been saved by Buth*s dire necessities rendering her only too willing to tafre ber place, as the reader will doubtless well retncipber. No sooner did Stranraer's gaze rcEt on the curl than he knew to whom it belonged-? to whom it could alone belong — and, posacocod of this knowledge, he lowered bis wife's head gently down, and then be rose to hie feet. I out of it with tbe expression of a man who | h&s; been half stunned by a heavy blow, and I tries Co a nd yet can't at all clearly com-, prehead w£i$t has lately been or i'b stiff i happening. This did not. -Lo\?e*£r, continue for more ] thari a minute or two,fo»' /t£j.on Stranraer re- j covered bfi f acuities, and jxisMfiffifl to him* I self — i ' What noble — whit disinterested .conduct j they have both shown* Loping ber as be doee this Leigh not only fought l»y my side and iu my behalf, but even ran his neck in. to a halter in order to preserve my life; while 6hu — Heaven bUan her— has donefully zi i.itrh, if not even more, considering that she U more than a girl.' lie CJiEt a that was certainly one of intense and doejjaiyu^ i?ve (despite his still thoroughly believed ianlM'^la^.c^ to t lie dead) upon the exquisitely lovely in&e; (.'d form that lay upou the bare floor in front ok h^uc, . and continu* d to meditate still half aloud : ' Bat shall 1 be mean enough to permit of sacb an heroic self-eacrifice on cither of their parte' hundred times no. I served her in a Wf.y by ^akiug her my wife, but I serve her a hundred £s#es better b? making hep my widow — oow-ray.e ags* that 1 am oflty a pefji instead of a pr^ctfon t? her, r'flftrini/ tltfs conclusion andde-j ciflion. Stranra.- his pocket a msmomarfum book ' *tMs « 00 I one of the blank pages : *w_«, I ' My deetinv propels ine forward. Ic***26^ choose but go. No one can resist the OlM '5 ™ *»}? kBt— : I'V dying druiro toat my wife in name, but whom I have ever regarded and treatrai an a rf.»r and beloved sister, shall marry him who I feel assured is has made her my widow. Mv chief ^conT fori during the past hour of my existence will he my belief that such a union will consamated, for then I shall not have laid laid down my life in vaiu. Yet auothr.r thing, let there be no more bidiug. for with my departure it will be no longer needed. My life is juBlly forfoi ed, so in heaven's name let my shoulders bear the burden of otlicra as well as my own, espiciallv aa the journey is eo short a one. L^celot Leigh did not kill ibe Hanoverian 6oldi.-r. I it ! Be furthermore served ni.«, and assisted me, believing me the while not to be a tialtor who had taken up arms againut the reigning dynasty, but an unfonuoalu atid innocent pentleman who had been wronirlv ereditcd with doiug so. I elia.fl avow boi ii these things when I reach acd surrender aiisclf np at that grim Tower by theThamis ivfalcb has for so long a while been marked a the Book of Fate uthe terminatioa of my life's pilgrimage. So once more fare well, and may Heaven reward you for your great and joiut goodness lo inc. Aye, both in the oresent and iu the future, as it only can . — Stranraer.' The foregoing entirely filled the little page, which Cameron now tore ont of tbe hook, aud for a moment or two stood as though wondering what to do with it. He dared not allow himself much time wherein to determine, however, for Bose was by now beginning to evince the moBt unmistakable signs (or at all events he thoaghl so) of returning consciousness. He therefore quickly restored the gloBBy chestnut curl to its original repository, in order that she might never imagine thai the 6lght of it had influenced hiB actions, and then fastening np the front of ber dresB much more deftly than he bad undone it, because he was now tilled with no painful MppreheneionB on her behalf, the accidental scratching of liia fingers with her collar pin during the process suggested to him that it would nffor t an excellent method of attach ing that which he had written to her skirt, and he forthwith did it in such a way that it was almost certain to arrest her attention when reason, or, at the latest, when daylight returned ; after which he raised h-*r band to his 1i|-6 kiss ?-! it, and then Btolc noiselessly out of the room, j In five minutes more he had crept just as ! silently out of the house, and within an hour ! he had left lloch laic far behind him, and ' was pressing steadily onward towards Lon- 1 don. | CHAPTEB LXIX. SIR HARRY HOWARTH GORS TO TUB HAUNTRD NUNNERY TO SEEK HIH WIFE, V»'hilc the noble-hearted and chivalrous minded Highland chieftain waB cheerfully sacrificing himself in order to promote the fancied happiness of tlic woman who, all unsuspected by him, had grown to regard him* with a far intenser affection than she had ever felt for Lancelot Leigh, whose lock of hair she had of late only retained because she thought it would savor of the blackest ingratitude to throw it away while he was rendering to both her husband and heroclf such great, unselfish, and essential services, Sir Harry Howarth was waudering hiiher and thither all over Castleton and Bochdalc, more like a demented man than a sane one, and frequently having recourse even to drink in order to deaden the torture of the worm that was gnawing at his heart. It was a very late hour when, with a somewhat unsteady gait, and in tbe devil's own temper he returned to his new residence at Lisbon Hall. Here h° found an individual waiLing to see bim who appeared to be in aB cxcitable and impatient condition as himself, and who greeted bim with : 'Oh, Sir Harry, I've fonnd her. I've spied her at all events, and would swear to her among a thousand, aye, that would I.' ' Who are yon talking about ?' walled the baronet. ' Can't you say more than her and she, idiot ?' ' Of course 1 can, 6ir Harry, and equallv of course. I mean your good precious lady,' was the half-frightened retort 'And where Is she? In Heaven's name where is ehe?' exclaimcd the baronet, now trembling with agitation in every limb. ' Aye, Sir Harry, that's telling, and, if 1 must out. with it, I'm thinking of the thousand pounds aa well as of the lady,' anBwcred tbe caller with a canning leer. 'You susnicions scoundrel, do you dare even to think that I would attempt to cheat yoa out of so insignificant a sum under any circnmatancee whatever ?' retorted Sir Harry. ' Insignificant sum 1 One — thousand — pounds— sterling 1 Oh lor 1' was all that his caller could now gasp out. ' I'm glad that you're so exalted an opinion of the amount,' said tbe baronet, with a smile that the astounded look of his visitor called forth as much aa hiB words. ' And,' he added quickly, ' I hope that you'll win it, and that it'll do you much good. Yep, I hope that you'll win it, and that quickly, for there's another on the scent, whom I would much less willinelv pay the money to, and that because 1 Btill more than half believe him to be the scoundrel who abducted my wif.s by force.' 'Good gracious, if he stole her away he will know where to find her.' ' Which is one reason why I want you to do 60 with all the speed possible.1' 'Oh, Sir Harry. Yes, Sir Harry. But what if I should find this other scoundrel— this only scoundrel I mean— there— on the spot— in the house— and— and— and he were to kill me, and 60 deprive me of all chance of even sharing the reward 7 I'm only a leather stay-maker, and not a hero. I declare that the hare idea makes my blood cardie.' ' You'd better take me with yon, and tbca -ou need entertain very little apprehension of sustaining any injury.' ' Oh, Sir Harry, come along do. You've lifted a great weight from off my heart. But, of course, the amouut of the reward won't b.? diminished, eh? That would be very unfair — I mean very disappointing, yon know.' ' Tbe reward shan't be lessoned by a single farthing, and shall be paid you ere the day ' To-day that means, Bir Harry. Eh, of course, it should mean to-day— for see, it i6 just two o'clock in the morning. But, deaT me, what if thiB scoundrel who you named should kill you instead of me ? Oh, lor, come to think of it that would be almost an unfortunate for who should I have to look to then for the thousand pouuds 7 1 vow that the bare j'lea makes me perspire.' ' He isn't going to jrill \ pe, never f-ar.' ' But I do fear, for your Honor'? executors might refuse to pay tbe aum/' ' Get along with you, for you're so full of 1 doubts aud fears that I'll after all pin my j trust on the other scoundrel, who, I feel! convinced, will bring me my wife before breakfast lime.' i ' That settles the matter, Sir Harry, for 1 1 can restore her to you within half an hour, and aB I'm ready to do it I consider that ! f'd submit that claim to a legal tribunal if yo %. w,c;re to jfavor the other scoundrel. 1 mean ihe scoundrel — j£or j[ call myself an honect m«.n^-in preference t^ roc.' ' I don't want to do fib if f can bpt get you to move your stumps wjth half the rapidity that you're moving yoar tong»i';' 'No more, Sir Harry. I run. 1 fly. But for gooiness sake fly equally quick and bring the very longest sword that yon possess with j on, for he may be there you know, and what's more I believe that he was there when I saw her, for I'm almost certain that I caught sight of a man, stand jng'£u.6t behind her, with his hand upon her AhacJdej.'-' ' J?ip hpjjd her shoulder 1 8'death, bad i been fhere f wo^ld have lopped it off at the wrist for h;m.' 'where was it that you saw this t' roared tkaii'qjqjtfi,* ' Aye, Sir Harry, as 1 remarked before, that's telling.' ' Why you idiot, Biuce I'm on the point of accompanying you lo the place, 1 must pre sently discover all, eo where and when was it, I repeat 7' .V Sure and it was just inside one of the uppc* y.lrd'jws of the old bauutcd nunnery, as we wcre'bi4,i^^ the boundaries up Ghost Lane. I was in tEb pi£^c$Lon you must know, and 1 looked tbe old* ti6use cJ^ 07er while eome of ua were replacing a ffiQeh i alignment Etone, and in Icsb than a minute was as sure as my life that 1 saw all that I've just said that I saw, for I've been a humble admirer of the beautiful twine, ae people u.ci*e^p.lly call 'em, ever eincc they were children, and oc Tilibs Rose bas gone to 6cotland— and may j£ca.vcj3.' £^ot-ect her there i-rwho ^Ibc could I have' seen frat hep pjeter ; r.Qax honor's Jadv in pne t' ' h Xfat 2t$ *jndced And— ^urpe.the fellow WtSb hand ypon Her —he. ''y&y; 'u7 ' »'? WW ' J don't know Lu., ffOj?'t he laid it there 1 could aiu.. Of you see, sir, he may but have seinx. iier in order to draw her back from u««. ivindow, fearing that she might be seen bv I Buiueone u sne stood there any longer. If eo his apprehensions were well founded.' ' But 1 alpo seem to sec that if she bad been ao anxious to escape as she should have been, she would have emaehed tbe glass of the window with her clenched fist, aye, evoa at the cost of a cat band and arm, during the brief minute that, ehe was there, and so have attracted the attention of those who were at the time pu'ting in such num bers by her screams for assistance.' '' Ob, but, my dear good Sir Harry, she may not have been aware that anyone waB passing, for there's a goodish strip of meadow between the old house and tbe land, and while the moon was ehining foil on the house, or at all events on that, side of of it, the lane was left in deep shadow, all the more so because its hedges are so hfgb. Then again, even if she could have seen ns, which I can hardly believe to be possible, eho may have known that tho villain would bavo shot or ! etabbed ber if she had scroamod out, aud : delicate females are never so courageous as I us men. ' The gifts of nature are distributed ! in various ways, and valor iB.given to our sex ' and beauty lo the opposite one, don't vou eeo. Sir Harry ?' The baronet mode no reply to this speech, unless a curt ' Come along ! ' may be re garded as one. But bis actions were quite aft explana tory as his words, for he immediately put on his bat, ahd strode out of the tootn and down the staire, hie pauncby little inter viewer, whose name was JoelAh Tobyn, fol lowing him nervously in the dark aB best he could. The baronet took no further notioe of bim until they had gone half way down what is now Drake-street, thongh it was not then much more than a third of tho length that it is at present, when he asked abrnptly : ' How are we to get into the place with out creating an alarm, and putting its possible inmatee upon their guard ?' . 'Jim Nuttall, tha plnncr-up at Pinfold, has the keys of the house,41 answered JoBiah. ' Good,' repied Sir Harry, ?? I know him and he ine, and in five minutes we shall he almost; passing his door. I'll give bim a waking up, for perhaps it'll be an easier matter for me to persuade him to part with the keys for awhile than for you.' Tobyn assented to this, so when they reached the point of their journey where a short lane branched off and led np to the pinner's, and two or three other cottages as well. Bir Harry went up to it alone, aud tbe next minute was thundering with the pommel of bis sword at the pinner's door. It took some time to wake the pinner up, however, aud louger Btill to make him clearly understand what was required of him. ' The keys of the old nunnery, forsooth? Lord sake, what would you be doing with them, Sir Harry, at euch an unearthly hoar of the night f' be at length enquired, with his red night-capped bead thrust ont of an upper window. [To be Continued Next Wednesday.] 