A LIFE SENTENCE, By ADELINE SERGEANT, Author of " Jaoobi's Wife," "Under Fake Pretesoes," " Roy't Repentance, ""Deveril'a Diamond, "&c.;, &c.; CHAPTER LII. The proceedings relating to Weatwood'a trial and Hubert Lepel's confession naturally excited great interest. The whole matter had to be investigated once more ; and it oould not be denied that a howl ot indignation at Hubert's oonduot went up through the length and breadth of the land. Even Connie's—indiscretions, to oall them by no hanher name—were not held to excuse him for suppressing the fact that he had taken Sydney Vane's life, and then allowed Andrew Westwood to suffer the penalty of a crime whioh he had not committed. The detaila that oema oat one after Mother whetted the publto appetite to an inoredible extent. And in suoh a case it soon beoame evident that no details oould be suppressed at all. Even the faot of tbe attaohment between Hubert and Oynthia leaked out, although everybody tried bard to keep it a secret; and great wag tbe wonder exoited by Cynthia'c steady refusal to give up the lover who had nearly caused her father'* death. "aha mutt be a heartless orealure indeed!" the bnsybodies eaid. " Whoever heard of such a revolting position? Has her father oast her off ? What a grief it must be to him. It is like a terrible old Greek tragedy !" And when tbe busybodies heard that Weltwood had not objeeted to hia ohild'e marriage with Hubert Lepel. and had actually appeared to be friendly with him, they concluded that ail parties concerned must be equally devoid of the finer qualities of human nature, and that a painful revelation of baseness and secret vice bad just been made. Bat, in spite of pubiio indignation, it wa* not possible for Hubert Lepel te receive very severe punishment from the arm of the law. He had never been examined at West wood's trial—aad tbe law does not oompel a man to inculpate himself. He was held to hare committed manslaughter, and he waa condemned to two years' imprisonment. And Westwojid reoeived a "free pardon" from the Queen—whioh Cynthia thought a very inadequate way of testifying to his innocence; and he walked through London streets a free man once mere, and might have bran made into a hero had he chosen, espeoially when it beoame known that he was very well off, and had a daughter so beautiful and gifted at the young lady who had previously been known to the general pnUio as Cynthia West. Cynthia was entreated to sing again and, again, and was assured that people would flock te hear her and to see her more than ever. But she steadily refused to sing in any pubiio plaoe. She oould not overoome the feeling that ber audienoe only oame te stare at her as Westwood'e daughter, and net to hear her sing. She withdrew therefore from the musical profession, and lived a quiet life in London with her father, who had postponed his departure fer a few weeks. He would not return to Amsrioa until the olose of Hubert Lepel's trial. The General's sad death, oaused ehiefly by exoitement, was felt, when the ahook waa pasted, to be almost a relief for bis friends. They all felt that it weuld have been sad indeed if the old man had lived to see himself desolate, his heme dragged through the mud, his wife branded with shame, the boy that he had loved not only laid in the Krave, but known to be no kin te him at all. He oould not have borne it; his life would have been a misery to him; and it was perhaps well that he should die. His will had been unsigned, and the property therefore passed to Enid, with the acnal portion to his widow. Connie found herself better off khan she had expeoted lo be. She never seemed to regret her aotions, not even tbe hystenoa] outburst which had oaosed her to eonfess her guilt and to hasten the General's end. She declared herself relieved that she had now nothing to oonoeal. As for the execration that aha met with from all who knew her story, she eared very little indeed. She refused to see her old acquaintances, and went abroad as soon as possible. Her lawyer alone knew her address—for she did not correspond with her English friends; but she was oooasionally heard of at a foreign watering plaoe, where she poted as an interesting widow completely misunderstood by a sadly prejudiced world. In time she married again, and it was said that her husband, a Russian nobleman, illtreated her; but Connie was quite oapable of holding her own against any number of Russian noblemen, and it waa more likely that he suffered at ber hands than she at hi*. In the wild northern lands, however, ehe finally made bar home, and she annonnoed to her lawyer her determination never to set foot in England again. A traveller who afterwards oame aoroas her in Russia reported to her relative* that she was looking haggard and worn, that she waa said to take cbloral regularly, aud that she suffered from some obsoure disease "of the nerves, for whioh no doctor oould find a oure. A.ud thus she passed out of the lives of her English friend*—nnloved, unmourned, unhappy, and, ia spite of wealth aad title, nueoooessful in all that ehe tried to attain. Enid, the owner of Beeohfield Hail, took a dislike to tbe plaoe, and would not live in it for many a long day. She remained with Mia* Vase until a year had passed after the General's death, aad then she married Mr. Evandale, and took up her abode at the Rectory. She made an ideal parson's wife. Her health had grown stronger ia the quiet atmosphere of Alias Vane's home ; and, ourionsiy enough, she never had another of her strange " seizures" after ber departure from Beeohfield Hall. She herself always believed that she had conquered them by an effort of will; but Mr. Evandale wat disposed to think that she had been eceaaionally put under the iafiuenee of some drug by Mrs. Vane, and that Mrs. Vane had eith-r wished to remove her altogether from her path or undermine her health and intelleot oempletely. At a later date she had grown tired of this method, and bad tried to take a quioker way; but in this attempt she bad been foiled. Parker remained in Enid's service, and made a faithful nurse, devoted to bar mistress end her mistress's children, and above all, devoted to her master, who had spoken to her gently of her patt, and had given ber new hops far the future. Vnd, when the little Evandale* began to overflow the reotory nurseries, Enid managed to oonquer her distaste for the stately old Hall that had stood empty for so many yean, and oame thither with her family to fill the vacant rooms with merry faoes, and to chase away all ghosts of a tragic past by the sound of eager voines, of lanehter, and of pattering feet. And then a deeper lov6 for the old heme, now grown ao beautiful and dear, stirTed witbin her; and ia time she marvelled at herself that she had stayed away so long from Baoohfield Hall. Sabina \f*ldreth developed in a ourions direction. The rector "got hold of her," as he expressed it, and managed to lay his finger on the soft spot in ber heart. It proved to be a remerssfnl love for delioate children, and this trait of character became her salvation. She never talked of the patt or said that she repented ; bat she gave herself little by little, with «tranf;e steadfastness and thoroughness, to the servioe of sick ohildren in hospitals. She went through a nurse's training, and got an engagement as nurse in the Great Ormondstreet Hospital for Ohildren. Here she seemed happy ; and the ohildren loved her—whioh some people thought odd, beeause she preserved a good deal of bar roughness of manner and abruptness of speech in ordinary life; but she was made of 6ner fibre thau one would have imagined, and children never found her harsh or unkind or unsympathetic. The memory of little Dink remained with her, perhaps, but ehe never spoke of him. During the months of Hubert s imprisonment Oynthia did not correspond with him. He had asked her not to do so. Her letters would, of course, have been overlooked. All that she oould do until the trial was over was to send him flowers, whioh he was permitted to receive ; and very dear those boxes of rare blossoms soon beoame to him. He spent a great part of his time in the infirmary ; for hia strength had been very much tried during the time of his convalesoenoe, and it often seemed as if his anticipations were to be realized, and that his term of punishment wonld not last vny long. Cynthia had made him promise that she should be summoned to his side if he were absolutely in danger. For many a week she used to be half afraid to look at her letters in tb6 morning, lest the dread summons should be amongst them ; but after a time her ooarage began to revive, and ehe dared—yes she aotually dared—to hope for a brighter fature. Bat when the term of hi* imprisonment began, she knew that she must wait patiently for its end before the oloud of darkness was lifted from her life. (To be continued.) 