LITERARY NOTES. A1G23 FOLIO Shakespeare (mipua the title page) baa been discovered in the University Library at Padua. THE DUKE OF Abgtll has written a monograph on Law in Christian Theology to be published by Mr. Murray. MB. PEROT FITZGERALD asserts in Bozland thnV Mr. Podanap is a portrait of Dickens's friend and biographer, John Foster. MB. RODTABU KIPLING denies that there is, any truth in the statement lately circulated that his "Mulvaney" is now living in San Francisco under the name of M'Manus. AN edition of Wordsworth in 13 volumes is in preparation 1 Dh. EDWARD BEECHEB, the brother of Harriet Beecher Stowe (reports the New Budget) has died at Brooklyn at the age of 91\. His wife it was who wrote to Mrs. Stowe:-" Now, Hattie, if I could use a pen as you can, I would write something which would make this whole nation teel what an accursed tiling slavery is." When Uncle Tom's Cabin was written, Mrs. Stowe'a husband advised her to aell it for a black silk dress, or £10 in money. More by chance than design, she -chose a royalty instead. Eight presses never stopped day and night once the book was in the market, and very soon the publisher handed a cheque for £2,000 to the author and her husband on account of royalties, or " percentages," as a democratic country prefers to say. "They seemed dazed "-at least so their publisher says. Authors are not so innocent as to be dazed now under such circumstances; nor were the Stowes by the time the second I cheque for £2.000 was handed to them. More than 320,000 copies of the book were sold during the first year. A NEW Zealand anecdote iB told by Hr. S. A. Perceval in the Realm " On one of the lakes in the North Island, near Auckland, there was an hotel much frequented by fisher men. On one occasion when a gentleman, whom I will call Mr. X, was £tayingthere,he was taken seriously ilL-wrid ttye' supposing that he could^ptgouibly reedyer, began to think of making Preparations for Els' death. Knowing a man who, apretty fair carpenter and ha"owed| l4ig toprfcylfor sometime, and Beeinc^Hjtle chance of being repaid, he told him t^jn^cte^.coffinfor-tbe sick man. The coffin Mr. X, instead of dying aaTw ojagtltrldjiarve done, recovered, and there was, therefore, no use for the coffin. The landlord, not caring to be at the expense, included a charge for it in Mr, X'a bill, who, on seeing it, naturally enough demurred to paying for something which he had not ordered and did not want. The landlord said it was very hard that the loss should fall on him, as he had only done it for the brat; and Mr. X at last agreed to pay for it. Determined to turn it to some account, he had a keel put to it, and used it as a fisbing-punt during the remainder of his stay at the hotel." MB. Nnmo has arraneed to publish a new edition of Lockhari's Life of Seoll uniform with the Border edition of the novels recently completed. Mr. Andtew Jbang will revise and edit the work, besideB-giving a biography of Lockhart. . ~ THE only worship of Cariyle that is com plimentary to his memory is the reading of his books. But provision has to be made for people who don't read ; and No. 24 Cheyne row, so long his dwelling-place, has been opened as a shilling museum. The house has been "restored," and as mich as possible of the old furniture got together. The exhibits at. present consist of the relics bequeathed to the fund hy Mrs. Alexander Ourlyle. There are pieces of old willow china, Cariyle's hatand walking-stick. On the drawingroom walls, which are re-papered exactly aB they were in the philosopher's lifetime, hang two coloured sketches of Car lyle. There is a little drawing sent by Mrs. Alexander CarlyJe of Kate Stirling, a screen in Carlyle!s study, a little bracket, the handi work ot Mrs. Carlyle, and some candlesticks. The old-fashioned diningroom grate was re covered after many inquiries from successive owners. Old windows have been replaced with mouldings in exact reproduction of the former mouldings, and the work of restora tion throughout has been done in a reverent and conservative spirit. The bulk of Car lyle'B library is fortunately preserved. Two Suffolk Friends gives reminiscences of Edward Fitzgerald and Archdeacon Groome. It was Archdeacon Groome who supplied hiB friend Charles Keene, from his own experience, with material for a famous Punch drawing, as follows" In one of the deaneries my father found a churchyard partly sown with wheat. ' Really, Mr. Z lie said to the incumbent, 'I must say I don't like to see this.' And the old churchwarden chimed in, 5 That's what I siia tew, Mr. Arch deacon ; 1 siia to our parson, ' Yeou go whatin' it and whatin* it, why don't yeou taterit?" AMONG the numerous anecdotes recorded by Mr. F. H. Groome in Two Suffolk Friends is this clerical oneA clergyman, preaching in a strange church, asked to have a glass of water in the pulpit, and after the sermon, re marked to the clerk in the vestry, " That might have been gin-and-water, John, tor all the people could tell." And, taking the duty again there next Sunday, be found to his horror it was gin-and-water. "I took the hint, sir-I took the hint," quoth John, from the clerk's desk below. A chabitt organisation society anecdote is told by the Rev. Harry Jones in his auto biography entiled Fifty Years. The com mittee needed a clerk, and "among our ap-j plicante was an Irishman, who insisted on a ?testimonial from Lord B being read. It ran as follows, as well as I can remember the words:-' I have known Mr. So-and-So for snipe years, and have always found him to ifaifc in the discharge, of any duty which he processed himself ready to attempt.'" V ' i '/SEVERAL anecdotes of heroism are to be found in Sir Evelyn Wood's The Crimea in 1834 and 1894, bat one surpasses all that we -Athenaeum-have ever read of acts of courage. On June, 1855, the sailor reliefs for the guns were on the point of entering the 21-gun battery when there was a shout ot " Look out-Whistling Dick!" Whistling Dick was a 13jn. shell. On the hearing everyone ran for cover, "All the men except John Blewitt, ordinary seaman of H.M.S. Queen, safely reached the trench, and were crouching in it awaiting the explosion. Blewitt, as he bent forward to start running, was struck immediately at the back of the knees by the enormous mass of iron, 13in. in diameter, and fell to the ground, crushed under its weightpin sight of his horror stricken messmates. He called out to his chum, Stephen Welch, 'Oh, Stephen, don't leave me to diel' -The fuse was hissing, but Welch, jumping .up fcom under the cover of the bank, which gftrat (humanly speaking) have ensured hia safety, called out, 'Come on, lads; let's try/And, running out, had got hiB arms around Blewitt, and was trying to rolf the shell from off his crushed legs, when it exploded, and not a particle even of the bodies or clother'tof John Blewitt or the heroic "Welch oould be found." Sir Evelyn writes of- this incident as Welch's " Divine ! ike act of self-sacrifioe." LETT*R-OPBNINO at tlie French Po9t-Dffice was practised by authority in the reign of Louis XV., and how it was done is told in the memoirs of MadameduHausset, lady's maid to Madame de. Pompadour"Twoperaons the Lieutenant of Police and the Postmaster General-were very, much in Madame de Pompadour's confidence; the latter, how ever, became less necessary to her from the time that the King communicated to M. de Choiseul the secret of the post-office, that is to say, the system of opening letters and ex tracting matter from them. This had never been imparted to M. d'Argenson, in spite of the high favour he enjoyed. I have heard that M. 9e Choiseul abused the confidence reposed in him, and related to his friends the ludicrous stories and the love affairs con tained in the letters which were broken open. The plan they pursued, as I have heard, was very simple. Six or seven clerks of the post office picked out the letters they were ordered to break open, and took the impression of the seals with a ball of quicksilver. They then put each letter, with the seal downwards, over a glass of hot water, which melted the wax without injuring the paper. It was then opened, the desired matter extracted, and it was sealed again by means of the impression. This is the account of the matter I have heard. The Postmaster-General carried the extracts to the Kiug on Sundays. He waB seen coming and going on this noble errand as openly as the Ministers." MADAME DE POMPADOUR (it is written in the memoirs of Madame da Hausset) had many vexations in the midst of all her grandeur. She often received anonymous letters threatening her with poison or assassination ; her greatest fear, however, was that of bein? supplanted by a rival. I never saw (her in greater agitation than one evening on her return from the drawing room at Marly. She threw down her cloak and muff the instant she came in with an air of ill- humour, and undressed herself in a hurried manner. Having dismissed her other women, she said to me, " I think I never saw anybody so insolent as Madame de Coaslin. I was seated at the same table with her this evening, at a game of brilau, and you cannot imagine what I suffered. The men and women seemed to come in relayB to watch us. Madame de Coaslin said two or three times, looking at me ' Fa tout,' in the most insult ing manner. I thought I should have fainted when she said, in a triumphant tone, ' I have the brilau of Kings.' I wish you had seen her courtesy to me on parting." " Did the King," said I, "show her particular atten tion?" "You don't know him," said she, " if he were eoing to lodge her this very night in my apartment he would behave coldly to her before people, and would treat me with the utmost kindness. This is the effect of his education, for he is, by nature, I kind-hearted and frank." But " that haughty I Marchioness missed her aim ; she frightened 1 the King by her grand airs, and was inces j suntly teasing him for money." So the Pompadour reigned, beautiful and supreme. Louis consulted her on matters of the highest J political importance, and his ministers hung about her doors waiting tor audience. Few women, adds the Si. James's Budget, have ? occupied so perilous a position with such credit, the matter of morals being put on one j side. THOUGH the statement of M. Notovitch, the Russian traveller, that he saw the MS. of a life of Christ in the Lamasery of Hemis, in Tibet, IB believed to be fiction, it has served to draw attention to an out-of-the-way place. Mr. William Simpson, who visited the Lamasery many years ago, writes in the Illustrated London News that it "is situated on the lett bank of the Indus, about twenty miles above Leh, and it is a: place of note nmong tbe monasteries of Tibet The most striking thing that I noticed was. K long -rowOr praying-wheels, or cylinders-for they are like barrels-in the courtyard of the place, so arranged that the monks, or anyone passing, could turn each with the hand while walk ing along. Two nights, before my visit to HeiniB, at Gliia, there was a praying-barrel turned by a water-wheel, making a clicking sound at each turn, which I could hear when I chanced to wake .during the night? for iny tent had been pitched within a few yards of it. In some of the monasteries there are very large onps, which the monks turn by means of a crank. There are small ones made of brass which the monks can carry in the hand, and whirl as they walk, or while conversing. In some p:irts of Tibet these barrels are turned by windmills. It was a form of these curious wheels, or barrels, that Carlyle christened ' The Rota tory Calabash.' Their real character is now understood, but it would require a long article to give a full explanation ; it may be sufficient here to say that the intention of their use is connected with ' praise' ratber than with ' prayer.'" Db. ANDREW WILSON, in the Illustrated London News, attacks the " true ghost story " related by the Countess of Munster ill tbe Strand Magazine for J uly. Her ladyship had an admirer in Miss L, who adored her to infatuation; and was " deeply, pas sionately, and unjustifiably jealoue." Miss L came to an early death, and a year and a half afterwards she appeared as a ghost at the foot of Lady Monster's bed. There could be no doubt about it, her ladyship writes, for "I was awake and saw her. She was in her nsual dress, wearing (what was then called) a ' cross-over,' which was tied behind, while her bonnet (which she was always in the habit of taking off as she came ?P3taire) was, as nsual, hanging by the ribbon on her arm." Dr. Wilson remarks on the fact that the ghost appeared dressed as Lady Manster used to remember Miss L and not in her grave clothes. He then proceeds " The Countess, be it noticed, had been suffer ing intensely from brow ague. She had gone to bed early, ' but not to sleep'-exactly the state of brain favouring the occurrence of such an illusion as she recounts. No physio logist for a moment will doubt her account in any one particular. What people have ap parently to learn iB that there is no more ftequent occurrence in brain functions than the production of illusions of sight and hear ing, both consequent on some irritation, fatigue, or allied conditions (represented in Lady Munster's case) of the organ of mind. It is an old story now, surely, that upon the sensitive parts of the eye and ear, memories may be projected from the brain, as sound waves and light-waves are projected upon eye and ear from the outer world and transferred to the brain, giving us our information regard ing things external to ns. When the brain centres acting in the reverse direction irritate the eye's retina, there is excited in us the im pression of seeing something which has no real, outside, or objective exisitence at all. This is the 'subjective' sensation of the physiologist, find this is the explanation of the illusions and apparitions of sights and sounds which may beset our waking lives. To put the matter plainly, any apparition snchas Lady Munster saw really comes from the inside of our own hands." FEW of the conclusions of contemporary science are more cheering than that which declares that the earth is now, and has been ever since life first appeared upon its surface, undergoing a constant increase of fertility in a direct ratio to the increase of life upon it. This is, of course, in direct contravention of the views formerly held by Maltlius and hiB disciples, most of which have been now abandoned. 