WISE WORDS. In all the superior people I have met, I notice directness, truth spoken more truly, as if everything of obstruction, of malformation had been trained away.— Emerson. Hard times always exist with a man who does not like to work. Success in business will never come to such a man. He may have a fortune left him, but he will never acquire one. I do not know if you will agree with me, but to my mind the faults of good people—I do not mean slips and infirmi ties, but cold, heartless faults — have something specially odious about them.— Father Faber. Wondrous is the strength of cheerful ness ; altogether past calculation is power of endurance. Efforts to be perfectly useful must be uniformly joyous, a spirit of sunshine, graceful from every gladness, beautiful because bright. — Thomas Carlyle. Honor to the true man ever, who takes his life in his hands, and, at all hazards, speaks the word which was given him to utter, whether men will bear or forbear, whether the end thereof is to be praise or censure, gratitude or hatred.—Whittier. It is better to be generous than selfish, better to be true than false, better to be brave than to be a coward. Blessed beyond all earthly blessedness is the man who in the tempestuous darkness of the soul has dared to hold fast to these vene rable landmarks. Try to keep clear of prejudice, and be willing to alter any opinion you may hold when further light breaks upon your mind. He is clever beyond precedent, or weak beyond measure, who never sees reason to change his judgment of men and things. When, looking westward, thou dost see Upon earth's rim thy setting sun, Bear thou the consciousness with thee Of life well lived and work well done. When, looking westward, thou dost see The eastward rolling world depart, Oh, may no painful memory Its ghost intrude to hurt thy heart. When, looking westward, thou dost see Eternity's lone star arise, God's grace uphold thee! May there be No fears to vex thy quiet eyes. —Susie M. Best. Mutual respect implies discretion and reserve even in love itself; it means pre serving as much liberty as possible to those whose lives we share. We must distrust our instinct of intervention, for the desire to make one's own will prevail is often disguised under the mask of solicitude.—Henri Frederic Amiel. Superiority is to make erring men un erring and slow minds swift. Then comes the better day when strength uses its wealth as the net of the sacred fisher who gathers souls of men out of the deep. Then comes the time—pray God it be not far off—when this golden neb of the world will be spread abroad as the ffaming meshes of morning cloud are over the sky. Then is fulfilled the sfeer's vision when men achieve greatness by service. True, all our lives long we shall be bound to refrain our soul and keep it low; but what then 1 For the books we now forbear to read, we shall join in the song of the redeemed. For the pictures from which we turn, we shall gaze unabashed on the Beatific "Vision. For the com panionship we shun, we shall be wel comed into angelic society and the com munion of triumphant saints. For the amusement we avoid, we shall keep the supreme jubilee.—Christina Mossetti. A well-ordered life is not divided into distinct chapters, one of grasping, money getting endeavor, the other of almsgiving and charity. It is true there are some men who manage to make two such chapters in their lives, and some provide for the second chapter in their wills ; but the wise man lives a complete life at all times, and is at all times ready for the summons of death. In the midst of cares of business he finds time to help some un fortunate, to promote public interests, to make the world better by his presence. What matters it to such a man that when the grave closes over him the world will forget him. He has had his reward during life in an approving conscience, and leaves the world somewhat better than he found it. Not many lives, but only one have we, One, only one; How sacred should that one life ever be, That narrow span; Day after day filled up with blessed toil, Hour after hour still bringing in new spoil. Our being is no shadow of thin air, No vacant dream, No fable of the things that never were, But only seem. 'Tis full of meaning as of mystery, Tho' strange and solemn may that meaning be. —H. Bonar. People speak in this working age, when they speak from their hearts, as if houses and lands, and food and raiment, were alone useful, and as if sight, thought, and admiration were all profitless, so that men insolently call themselves Utilitarians, who would turn, if they had their way, themselves and their race into vegetables; men who think, as far as they can be said to think, that the meat is more than the life, and the raiment more than the body, who look to the earth as a stable and to its fruit as fodder; vine- dressers and husbandmen, who love the corn they grind and the grapes they crush (better than the gardens of the angels upon the slopes of Eden ; hewers of wood and drawers of water who think that it is to give them wood to hew and water to draw that the pine forests cover the mountains like the shadow of God, and the great rivers move like His eternity. And so comes upon us that woe of the preacher that though God "hath made everything beautiful in His time, also hath He set the world in their heart, so that no man can find out the work that God maketh from the beginning to the end. —Buskin. 