MACQUARIE-STREET ECHOES. AN EVENTFUL WEEK, The past week's policies have been of a decidedly interesting character, inducing a great deal more ot life and vivacity than generally marks the legislative world. Tuesday opened with tbe decidedly import ant and marvellously sanguine Ministerial statement of the Pmnier ; Wednesday wit nessed an encounter between Sir Henry Parkes andiMr. Reid, followed bv a Valid ating Bill that spurred to vehement activity all the suspicious prejudices of the cham pions of the various sections of land occu piers, and the third reading of the Land Tax Bill ; on Thursday a first-class legisla tive dish was served up iu the shape oC the Local Government Bill, the second reading of which was moved by Mr. Beid. Alto gether the week has been much beyond the average in the interest-creating character of . its political events, while it can fairly be churned that it has accomplished some work. A BPIHITED DUEL. In point of momentary interest, the en counter between Sir Henry Farkes and the Premier surpassed all else. It was, meta phorically, a fight with the* cold steel, and the blows were given with a vigor that de lighted, if it did not edify, the House. Sir Henry's special grievance was the statement delivered by the Premier on the previous night, into which, contrary to all estab lished usage, Mr. Beid had introduced argumentative matter. Other members not being permitted an opportunity of reply, the ex-Premier discovered a danger to the ' constitushun ' in the encroachments of Mr. Beid. But this proved to be only the peg upon which Sir Henry proceeded to Viancr an endless arrav of chareres acrainst the Government, its honesty and capacity. The old man was in great form, and lashed round with a force of style and freedom of diction that rather astonished many of the younger politicians who have no knowledge of the Sir Henry T'arkes of ten years ogo. AU evidences of the stoop that now charac terises him' disappeared, his face was kindled with fiery animation, and his words came with a resonance and rapidity that 'seemed to proclaim how lightly fall the weight of eighty years. The speech was full of capital points, for Mr. Tleid hod certainly transgressed, and its author scored freely off the Minister, who evi dently felt the full force of the stinging oration. But the effort was seriously marred by the venom tuat marked it throughout. Although nominally intended as a corrective to the breach of Parliament ary procedure of which the Premier had been guilty, it rapidly developed into a dis tinct and abusive personal attack, and as a consequence, however much members en joyed it, they were not in any way moved by it. Mr. Beid, who replied with a trench ant and most effective speech, committed the same fault, and to this extent marred a distinctly successful effort. He had ample material ready to hie hand, for Sir Henry's past offers abundant points of attack, while the recent coalition rumours, and a disclo sure of the efforts made to get Sir Henry and Sir George together, placed a weapon ready to his hand which he used unstint edly. Beadily following his assailant's example, he indulged in a flow of vitupera tion that recalled memories of the late David Buchanan, and then, warming to his -work, he scornfully challenged the coal itionists from his side the House to take their place openly in the ranks of the Oppo sition. This spirited outburst roused his followers to enthusiasm, which became more boisterous when he proceeded to declare that the verdict of the last election should not be reversed behind the back of the peo ple. Mr. Beid had distinctly the better of a warm encounter, and when Mr. O'Sullivan stepped into the breach at the termination of his address, members recognised that there was nothing more to listen to, and rapidly emptied out into the adjacent rooms. * . . .'-;.: THBOUQH THE ASSEMBLY. The threat uttered by Sir George Dibbs on Toesdaytbathe intended to try and rouse the House to what ho regarded as a sense of its duty on the 'third reading of the Land and Income Tax BOJ, induced the opinion that that measure would only be disposed of after ajprolpngedand stubbprnfight. Consequently every one 'looked forward to an all-night sitting when on Wednesday as the clock approached eleven, '.the: Premier moved the third reading of the measure. Mr. See led off with what promised to be a vigorons stone wall, ' and this impression was further strengthened when Mr. Chanter followed the ex-Treasurer, for the member for Deniliquin is capable of a prolonged oratorical effort. The anticipation, however, proved ill-founded and soon atter mianignc xc oecame evident me debate was collapsing and members who bad been faming and growling at being kept out of their beds for no earthly purpose plucked up hope and put on a more cheerful visage. Two or three divisions called for as a matter of form, to mark the undying hostility of the protectionists to the proposed land tax, and the ~ Assembly with a very sincere cheer recorded the final stage of the Bill at half past one in the morning. Of THE COUNCIL. The measure thus disposed of by the Assembly made its appearance in the Council on the following night, the circumstances of its introduction being suggestive of a rather suspicious shyness on the part of the sponsors and an unfriendly eagerness on the part of the Chamber generally to get hold of the thing. Mr, Want, who has displayed admirable tact so far, in bis dealings with the conservators of vested interests, having gob the Bill through its first reading — a formal matter — had no difficulty in recognising that a little finesse 'was required: A great deal of speculation had been indulged in as to what course the Council would take when this Bill was entrusted to its care. Would it reject it at onoe or simply hang^ffinanntil the rest of the Government finan^f^iposals were be fore it. The Counci]t^Cffl.TM,de itself under stood. It would insistuii ; Hpe latter course, and if that wore dechnedLy those in ' charge of the Bill, then it would put an end to it at once. Mr. Want thoroughly understood tho situation, but while practically conceding the demand for postponement, managed; to get suoha modicum of concession as to perm hi-u to launoh^ihe Bill fairly upon its 'second reading care» on Wedneeday nert--the 3rd pros.— after which it will be held over till the lull details of the Government financial proposals aw available, and which trill of course include the amount of land and income tax.. Taking one consideration with another the life of the measure in the Council docs not promise to be a particularly happy oue. COHFOLSOBY AEBITKAHOX, Mr Garrard in his new capacity as Minister forLabo**, took the first step on Thursday of intrndncinsr the Bill to amend the Trades Dispute Act. This measure formed one of the list of those promised in the Governor's speech, and it was again referred to by the Premier in his more recent Ministerial state ment. Although so far those responsible for the proposed Bill have been very careful not to say anything regarding its provisions likely to compromise them, still it is mnmllv fiplinvnrl that it mil nrovide for a compulsory inquiry into all industrial dis putes. The labor end of the House is consequently highly pleased, while even less demonstrative democrats are hopeful tbat some good may come if this principle — new to this colony — is embodied in law. There is a special reason why they desired its epeedy adoption, ihe coming shearing is getting desperately close and the prospect of :i repeti tion of last year's trouble is not viewed with equanimity. If, by a full inquiry conducted by an impartial tribunal, it is possible to arrive at an amicable agreement between the pastoraliste and shearers the Bill will bnvc repaid all the time that will be devoted to it by Parliament, even if it was never again called into operation. MR. EDDY. As the time approaches when the House will be iuvited to deal with the Bill for increasing Mr. Eddy's salnrv. several members who are known to entertain no very cordial feeling towards tbe absent Commissioner, are beginning to take a lively interest in the opinions of other members on this subject, and something like a quiet canvass has been conducted. What the result of the vote will be is a very open matter, but a fierce fight may be expected and a strange mixing of parties, or rather it would be more correct to say all party lines will disappear. Some of the bitterest opposition to tbe proposed increase will come from the Government side of the House, while as a set oft', several prominent protectionists including Sir George Dibbs, mil be found supporting' the trnvom ment proposal. Tbe struggle threatens to carry members altogether beyond the question of £3000 or £4000 a year, aud to develope into one of ' Eddy or no Eddy.' Some of tbe curious have been speculating as to what would happen if the proposal to pay the increased salary is defeated. Mr. Eddy has gone home partly at the expense of the colony to attend a railway conference, with the idea that the information he might obtain would be advantageous to the colony on his return. But what if. Parliament refusing the increased salary, he never returns ? The information acquired at the Conference would be lost to the colony, as also the money spent in defraying Mr. Eddy's ex penses in travelling to aoquire it. ) TBE GHOST OF THE FAST : Kobert walpole bad a habit ot advising the young men of his party against the use of the word 'never,' Experience and prescience had probably combined to con vince the statesman that circumstances were continually arising nnrlar the pressure of which politicians would be found doing that which in an injudicious moment they had previously declared they would never do. There is much in the record of Australian politicians that illustrates the wisdon of Walpole's advice, for it is the most common of occurrences for our public men to be con founded by the apparition of the past. Mr. Criok not long ago quaintly remarked that it was hardly safe for a member to address the House anless be bad previously studied his previous speeches in Hansard . But Hansard is not the only record that has an awkward habit of appearing in judgment. A curious instance of this has recently been given to tiie public in the newspaper correspondence occasioned by ihe rumored coalition. This correspondence has brought to light the fact that at the general election of 1891 the Free trade Committee refused to recognise Mr. Beid as one of the candidates for East Sydney owing to his action in voting with Sir George (then Mr.} Dibbs and so bringing about the defeat of the freetrade party. So much was generally known, but the curious part of it is that the Committee which then declined Mr. Beid as bogus consisted of Messrs. Carruthers (chairman), McMillan, Gould, Sydney Smith, Garrard, and others. 