FOOTBALL. NOTES. (BY ROVER.) FIXTURES. August 10 -City v. outh Launceston. Last Saturday was the fairest test the. old rivals have had this eason. Both teams bal their strongest twlnties, and the westher favoured neither c'ub. It was a model day for a gcod exposition of the game, and the spectators ee:e not disap pointed in this respect, for, although toe respective skippers could have paid a little more attentiea to deserters from their places, particularly along the t)p wing, the final issue was in doubt until the last kick of the day. The dark blues at the termin ation of the firt quarter hid a lead of two godas, scored frcm as many shots, which mode their chances of victory Icok decidedly rosy, considering there was act a breath of wind. The City ruck,ho sever, soon began to tell in the second qualt3r, at the end of which the red and whites had not only succedel in wiping out the points aga'nsb them, but had gained a had , f one goal, which they seemed to hold more then com fortably to theend The dark blues,however, through the agency of Len. Stewart, had a possible chance of equalesing the scores when the bell rang out time. This p'ayer from a long and difficult angle made a grand effl rt to score, the supporters of the probable premiers heaving a sigh of relief as the oval dropp:d ahort by a few feeb in themouth of the goal. Never wes the loss of the ex.premiers' ruck more apparent than inth's match, for after the first quarter they had not the ghost of a show with the well-timed rushes and clever passing of the red and white combination, whsch,aesisted by its old member N. Croome, never ap. peared to better advan' age this year. The struggles between H. Brxall and Matthews in the centre were in themselves well worth going to see. E.ch man did a power of work for his side, and, although ?latthews appeared to batter advantage than his rival in running with the ball, it might he fairly stated that their work was evenly balanced. Wilkins and Ferrall were the best cf the City backs, and re ceived a helping band occasionally from th.ir skipper, who roved from contra t'o tack. Taylor wa~ off in mark ing, but what appeared to be a nice mark taken by him in front of goal was di-a'lcwed by the umpire. In justice to that official, however, it must be stated that he was not in a position to see, and was pefectly just fled in giving the opposing side the bene fit of the doubt. J. Boxall works c'ever;y in gaining posses sion of the oval, but he invariably spci's what otherwile would be beneficial to his side by persistently endfavouring to get by half.-adozen oppos:ngplayers. Coogan, as usual, Enicked a mrjor point from a scrimmage, which strengthens the opinion to frequently expressed that Dick will make amends for half-a do zn cf his club mate s'lillingthe proverbial China man." F. Beauchemp played as horever did before in defending the Launceston goat, his marking being especially good. He was well arsisted by Wal. Browne, half- back, which is undoubtedly the dark blue skipper's right pot ition,and Valentine. Will. Brown, the Stewarts and Thoms:ns, also did good service for their s:de. The new men, D:gney and Lovett, acquitted them elve a credilably. The umpiring c.f Tot. W0ll was a treat to'witness.Notonly did he preventanything approachinga roughgame,but he gavep!ay ers to und r:ttnd from the commercement. that his de:isi ns werefia~l,and ac a conse quence there was an absence of that grumbling so prevalent cf late. The de. feated players as well as the winning team expres:ed themselves perfectly satisfied with his deciscnvs, ard the unanimous verdict of the oalookerr. judging by the applause th t greeted his efforts, spoke volumes in support of his abil:ty to carry out the duties. Mr J. Richards has been. appointed central umpire for the remainder of the season, a:d makes his debut to a Launceston audience to.morrow. The result of the match to be played at Elphin to-morrow will practicalty decide whether or not the premiership is to be the good thing anticipated for the favourites. The competing teams are the City and South Launceston. The South's only chance for the coveted honour is to absolutely win, and should victory rest with them it will be the means of main taining the interest in the game tll they are defeated; whilst on the other hand shou'd the red and whites come off vic torioun the outlook for the remaint er of the season, financially, of course, will bo down about zero. The game is sure 'to be stubbornly contested, every inch of it, and patrons can rely on a good sixfennywcrSth, As the Invereek Park is unfit to play upon it is more than probable that the co mmiitee will take advantage of the oppor tunity of applying the pruning knife and decrease the rounds for the junior premier abip by confining the re t of the fixtures to Elpbin, thus effecting a saving of at least "half sev." every Saturday. Con sidering the premiership is mortgaged by the Railway, and the v ry little interest taken in junior contests this year, this is an (xc:llent chance for the committee to econom'sa, csp2cially when the none too promising balanoe-sheet to ba presented at the next annual mee'ing is tAken into consideration. The Eecretary of the Launceston Club has lodged a protest with the executive com mittee againEtthe match being awarded to the City on the grounds that they played R. Cocgan without obtaining a permit from that body after playing a match with the Riverside Club this season-a junior team in Victoria. The matter will in all proba bility come on for con;"deration at the next meeting to be held on Monday week. The principal match across the water to morrow will be the meeting of .the invin cib'e Geelong and South Melbourne clube. The lattor team have been playing well, but have Eo far failed in godl-kicking. Mee'ing the Pivotonians on their own ground the red and whites are expected to fight it out to the bitter ead, and it would not surprise me in the 1 ast to see South Melbourne came out on top. The other fixtures are a3 follow, played on the ground of the first named club:-Collingwood v. Williamstown, Footscray v. North Mel bourne, Melbourne v Eseendon, Richmond v. Fitzroy, S: Kilda v. Ca.lton, Port Mel bourne vacant. 