MY BARBER. [By Close Shave.] "You look sad and sorry," I ob served. " Sad and sorry, sir," he repeated, " and I rather reckon that you'd be sad and sorry too if you'd bad my experience. I've been busted over every one of my doubles," " Doubles I asked innocently ; " and what are they V " Just as if you didn't know," he replied, a sick sort of grin sitting for a moment on his paste-and-water countenance. " You're a" very green sort of young man, I'm sure. You ought to gb isp pirie Street and hear the Rev. Joseph^Bprry preach about gambling." He made these remarks with his back turned towards me. I main tained an austere silence. He turned round as he was in the act of filling his lather-pot with hot water and gazed apprehensively at me. " Beg pardon, sir. I trust I have iiot made too free with you." "Free!" I interjaculated; "I thought you'd bought me out and out. But there ! I'm not going to be angry with you. Only tell me what you mean by all your doubles being busted." He was about to relapse into a grin again, but a frown on my face checked him. " Well, sir," he went on, rubbing the sleeve of hisright hand across his mouth just as if he'd been satisfactorily disposing of a glass of stout, " I did say to you some time ago that I would never bet on another horse race as long as I lived. But there, sir, you know, as the poet has so beautifully written, the ruling spirit is strong in barbers, and when tempta tion assailed me, sir, I fell. It wasn't altogether my fault, sir. You see I hadn't got the Rev. Joe Berry near me to sustain me. It all came 'about this .-"^rUy About four days ago I was cutting the hair of. a man who couhii^t ialk anything but horse. If you happened to say that you were! sorry the opera was over he'd waltz in j with a remark that Hova was a dashed good tip for the Caulfield Cup. If you referred to one of the articles in the dailies as being a trenchant criticism on a particular Parliamentary debate he would come along with c That's another good horse, Trenchant. I'm going to back him.' Then I innocently said that mischief seemed to be a brewing for the Kingston Government, and he almost wrenched the sheet off / ■_ his legs trying to grasp my hand as he said, t Old man, you're on a dead sure track, Bruin is as good a nag as you'll find anywhere on this side of the world.' Well, what was I to do in the face of all this enthusiasm ?" "Why, button up your pockets to be sure," I answered tartly. " It is fools like you that keep the bookmaker » ,, * going." "Don't say that, sir. There are good bookmakers and there ate bad bookmakers, just as there are honest tote men and dishonest tote men, the latter who, on getting the result of a race, stick a few crowns for themselves on the winner. I mean of course the private tote men, sir. Well, I was led away. I fell from grace, as my wife's parson would say. I went in for about twenty doubles, and would you believe it, sir, I fell in every time. Thought I was too blooming clever. Thought I knew more than the horseowners, the trainers, the jockeys, and the tipsters. Thought that . there was always honest riding—not that I don't mean to say that the riding wasn't honest in this case—and that only the mugs of the public was vile. I've had my lesson, sir." ^Hbt you," I retorted. "I warrant you've got more than a trifle on the Derby and Melbourne Cup." " Well," he said in a shame-faced sort of manner, " I did think that I'd go in for retrieving my losses a bit. You see things on 'Change hatve been a bit flat of late, and I thought I might as well pick up; an honest sovereign or two." IC « Let me tell you," I ini that gambling is utterly and entirely opposed to a system of economics/' "Qb, blow economics," he replied simply and without the least evidence of rudeness; "you know, sir, as well as I do that man will go on gambling until he becomes a ghost or a Mahatma, or something like that. In fact, I shouldn't be at all surprised when I get up aloft to find some of my pals pulling off their wings and settling down to a quiefc game of poker. I wouldn't mind betting that some of them challenge St. Peter to a game of euchre before he passes them through the gates. We can't help it, sir. It's born in us. We've got to bet on something or we've got to burst. It doesn't matter what it is. Why, I've seen parsons shying at Aunt Sally for cocoanuts at a country show. Skill ? Not a bit of it, sir. The parson I've got in my mind's eye just at the present moment was a darned sight awkwarder at throwing sticks than a woman, and he seriously damaged three or four kids who were standing quite eight feet away from Aunt Sally. But stilli he went on pelting. Why 1 Because he par ticularly wanted the coeoanut *1 No. It was because he wished to show everybody that he was cleverer than the old man who owned the Aunt Sally. That's what's the matter w|th all of us. That's why we grumble. We think we're a darned sight smarter than other folks are— " cc And generally find that you are not," said I, completing the sentence for him. 41 Quite true, sir." He gave a bit of a grimace as he made the admission. " But I've got the real Aunt Sally this time, sir. No more doubles for me. I'm going to put all my beans on the Melbourne Cup, and if I'm not in my regular place to shave you after the Cup has been run you'll know the reason why. * I've got the straight griffin, and I'm going for the boodle sure enough. Would you like me to give you a hint, sir ?" " No," I replied shortly. " Oh," be said sadly, " but would you mind my sayings sir, that I shouldn't be surprised if a home with a Few Zealand kind of namewas to he pronouueed the winner. It's only what I'm told, sir. I don't know any thing about it. /,;Tf^^a;that.ypu sayf sir? Better stick to my threepenny shaves? this is only what the Irishman would call a hit of a divarsion. It only comes once a year, and why shouldn't we be jolly once in a twelvemonth. Hair brush, sir? Beg pardon. Forgot- that you were-—meant to say will you wait while I give your coat a brush ? No ? Thank you, sir. Nex—x—t. Good morning, sir." 