. i - ' - 'L-' : - . .. "\ €'" " ... ' i - .» . ._- -. .« .; - . - , . . ... - A ROMANTIC STORY OF THE MINERS' GREAT STRIKE IN PENNSYLVANIA. " ' " £'! . . r? r - By SEWAED W- HOPKINS, Author of " Honolulu,"- The King of Talmooch, " etcfc 'Pf\ ' ' - - \ CHAPTER ! t# There nevfer was a trial that atteafofcedf more loeal attentiohth&n; that of Aih;P&Qiiis;, Rossett and Blabk\Tbe; chfihtoveoe o numerous, the Beo8atiofi&ld;&velopments; so dtaxtluig.aiid the evidence,;®) strong that the court -room, wascrowded every day while the trial lasted. " A writ of habeas corpus had been given for Donald Vance, and under its mandate Tom Jeffrys walked forth from his prison, and was kept secluded in Helen Crawford's house. Mrs Beck was not in the seoret, and . supposed the visitor w&b; really Donald Vanoe. Lawyer Able was simply in a glorious con dition of exultation. As hehurled lance after lanoe of killing truth into the ranks of his enemies, and saw them wince and shiver under the death-dealing thrusts, he grinned oheerfnlly and rubbed his hands together de lightedly. The first and principal witness for the pro secution was, of course, David Graham. The handsome, stalwart fellow won many a smile of approval or word of applause as he stood calmly in the witness-box and unfolded the tale of perfidy and crime as he had learned it in his character as Pete the Anarchist. The interest created by the unusual appear ance of a camera and phonogragh side by side, telling their unimpeachable truths, was very great ; and the words of Amos Fanning, as they were ground out by the little phono graph; under Dave's hand, were enough in themselves to convict him. "lam not going to marry the girl,' the jury heard, one by one, |n Fannine's own voice, with every aceen; and characteristic intonation dear ; 11 but I have swernto set her in my power, and, by Heaven, I will ! She must be brought to ute ! She southed me as a husband ! I will let her have me as a master !" The conversation between Fanning, Ros- sett and Black relative to the attempted ab duction of Leila Vauce was repeated word for word. Then Graham related the story of the at tack on the house of .Mrs Vance, and .how he biad circumvented the. villains, with the valu- . .able assistance of Miss Crawford, by having the intended victim and her mother at Helen's bouse ior a visit, without either of them being made vware of the danger. Theaudienoe listened with delightful ap preciation as Dave told' how, after getting the occupants of the house a sate place, he went as Pete the Anarohist with Rossett and Black to kidnap Leila and take her to Fan ning. The theft of the locket and chain was told in full, and once more 'the little black box came into play. With the two little pans over their ears, the jury heard Rossett's voice, as Dave slowly ground the phono graph, saying : — 41 Here, this is worth something. May pay us for our trouble. Anything else you see, take it." The camera had taken Fanning's picture In the hut ; and the group of Fanning, Rossett and Black at their conspiracies was passed around among the jury, and viewed with eager interest. The jury was a different jury from the one that had convicted Donald Vance. That one had been chosen with a view to gathering men of marked antipathy to organised labor. The judged had charged _ solely against Donald. But public sentiment had changed. In the eyes of everybody who kne w the cir cumstances, Fanning stood out as a vile scoundrel who merited the full penalty of the law for all his misdeeds. Then Graham told of the meeting in the hut between Fanning and Golden, and the neat plot they had to draw for the honor of marrying the wealthy Helen Crawford who was then supposed to be a prisoner in the old mill. If the audience had been delighted by Gra ham's recital of his part in the' attempted ab- dnotion of Leila, it went wild with enthu siasm as he slowly and modestly told how, after the imprisonment in the old null of Miss Crawford and Leila by the Hungarians, he, as Pete the Anarchist, had been entrusted by Fanning with the oare of them, he being the only one of the conspirators whom they dicl not know. And when he told how he crept through the wcois at night, and escorted them home, and then reported to Fanning the next morning that they were " all safe" mid had been fed, the dignity of the court relaxed, and the old building shook with a rousing cheer.. Graham's testimony oooupied the whole day, and the jury were given in charge of the sheriff for the night, for an opportunity to digest the startling story that had been fold them, and to speculate on what might come forth on the following day. Helen's carriage took Mrs Vance, Leila, Graham and hcrself home, and ior the: first time since Donald's arrest there was eaiety in their conversation about the probable re sult of this trial. " There is but one possible result," said Graham. " All those fellows will atleast be sent to prison, and Donald will be declarer innocent of any crime." tta-, " Oh, what a grand success !" said Lifts: " What have we hot to thank Miss Crawford for, mother,aiid Dave, too ?" - " I fetiit/'eaid -Mrs Vance, Withaybito weak frometnofcion. < I feel a gratitude to that T cannot £ut into words -finer hope to repay. It is a feeling that none of you can truly appreciate — the glad heart of a mother that has been torn with anguish : and douots end fears. The horror: of the criminal charge against Denatd that I knew to be false, thd agonj of the trial, the keen disappoint ment at the verdict, and the despair; -when the day of separation came— all these are Sensations that I hope no mother of - an innocent son will ever be compelled to feel. And now the joy of hope — the bright future of peace without fear. Ah, what does-it not mean to me, who never expected again to see my boy free from the foul charge of murder 7 You have done well— nobly. God bless you, both of you, and reward you nobly.. You have my gratitude and my heart's blessing. It is all £ have to give." . Leila nestled closer to her mother's side, and but little more was said until they reached home. " I am in such a hurry to see Donald," said Leila, as they were going into the house, " that I can hardly wait. I wonder where he is, and what he is doing all this time." " We must find him when the whole thing Is settled," eaid Helen. " It will not be diffi cult. , An advertisement worded so that none hut he could understand it might bring him. And of course, he will find a way to see the American papers, and may read the . result of the trial himself." The next morning Golden was put in the witness-box, and Lawyer Able took him in hand. Golden had, as had been predicted, turned State evidence, and to save himself was prepared to tell ail he knew about Fan- rag trad his evil deeds. He was - still weak from his wound, and glanced angrily mid vindictively at Fanning, whose pale face and nervous manner showed the fear he felt. ' "Now, Mr Golden," said Lawyer Able, in a gentle, sauve tone, "tell us, if you please, all you know about the great crimi nal who site behind the bar." Golden raised his eyes slowly and said : " I am still too weak to talk much. To .tell a story at length would be too much for me. Ask me any questions you like, and I will answer them. " " To go back, then, to the beginning of the trouble." said Mr Able— what was the prisoner's reason for desiring so fierce a revenge against his former engineer?" " He always hated Vance because he was so upright and honorable. Vanoe had an independent manner that exasperated Fan ning. This feeling culminated when Fan ning asked Miss Leila Vance to marry him. He was refused both by her and her brother. In the interview on the subject Donald treated Fanning with contempt. And then, one day, Fanning met Donald among the strikers and insulted him, and was promptly knocked down. He -swore to get even, and hired Rossett and Black to do Ms work." "In his effort to get even, the death of John Clark wsb a valuable help. - Have you any means of knowing how Clark met his death?". " He was shot by Rossett, under Farming's orders." Here a buzz ran around the courtroom. Fanning seemed about to faint. Helen and Leila listened to this startling testimony with parted lips. They hardly dared breathe, for fear they would lose a word of this damning story. 'Was the murder ot Clark simply an act to facilitate the downfall of Donald Vanes, or was there a motive ?" " There was a motive. Some years ago Fanning and Clark were associated with a rough lot in Pittsburg, and made the ac quaintance of an Englishman named Jeffrye. This Jeffrys — Jim, his name was — had a brother Tom, who, as eldest son, was heir to his father's estate. But Tom Jeffrys had married beneath his station, and his father had become enraged at him. The property was entailed, and the only way the younger son could Inherit, as the old man desired, was by fche death of Tom. Fanning, and Clark entered into a compact to kill Tom Jeffrys, and received a thousand pounds money in payment. Faming got his money and kept it. Jim Jeffrys was so eager to .tell his father what success he had had, that he did not wait to investigate the fidelity of his hirelings, bat hurried back to England. " Neither Fanning nor Clark ever made any attempt to kill Tom Jeffrys, but Fan ning wonld not divide the money with Clark. Clark and he often had words over the matter, and Clark threatened to see Jim Jeffrys and expose the failure to obey his command. With the money so earned, or, rather, unearned, Fanning began his rise in life, and by successful investments and specu lations acquired the wealth and power he now has — or had. Clark— whom Fanning supposed to be the only man "alive who knew the.cecret— was a constant menace to Farming. " By getting rid ofClark, Fanning thought he accomplished twopurjioses— -rid himselfof all danger of exposure, and made an opportunity to ruin Donald Vance." " And how came you by this knowledge f Risked lawyer Able. m Clark told me once in a burstofconti- denoe. He was sore over something Fanning had' done, find asked my advice. I told him to wait awhile. It ' was his watting that brought on his death and made all therestof this miserable business possible." \ " Now, as to Faahing's matrimonial am- bitions. We know that at pan tinmhe -w&ntedto; marwMjroVwaoe, jondambtiter he wanted,! ' - Can a ' /'- .-.v . V When he wanted to marry Leila Vance, he had not seen Helen Crawford ior a good many years, and had not thonght of her in that way. His wanting to many Leila Vance was simply to have her for herstif — il was an act of passion. Bat Ms marrying Miss Crawford wonld have been to satisfy his greed. He wanted her money. When Miss Crawford refused him, his thoughts turned again to Miss Vanoe, as being most easily carried off. He did not, at that time, want to marry her. There is no need to go further into detail. He simply wanted her in his possession." By this time the entire audience was again tingling with excitement. ' They glared at Fanning, Rossett, and Black as though they would like to take them out and hang them forthwith. "Now we get down to the attack on you," said Lawyer Able. "Tell us all about that." " The ignorant men in the camp outside of Domerset were taken sick, one after another, the result of carelessness and filth. They had a superstition that Miss Crawford had sent what they called the Black Death ' among them, and . swore vengeance on -her. " It came theirr-way. ' One day Misa Crawford and Miss Vance were out driving, and were seized by these people and taken to the old ; mill ana locked up until the Black Death should be driveu Away. When Fanning heard this, hisplans changed again, mid he wanted to marry the wealthy heiress. Both young ladies now being in Ms power, he thought he could do as he liked. He sent for me, and proposed that I should marry Miss Vance. We were to get some Che to personate a minister, go to the mill, oompel them to marry us, and then go. away for a time — take our wives on a wedding tour, and let them get over their dislike." ' But you did not agree — was that it 7" Golden hesitated a moment, and looked eheepisMy towards Miss Crawford and Leila Vanoe. "I did not agree to the plan as he stated it. If I went into it at all, I wanted some thing more than beauty for my trouble. I wanted to marry Miss Crawford. We had words about it, and finally agreed to settle it by a draw. I drew first ohoioe ; then he shot me. You know the rest. Graham was about somewhere with his officers, and showed up immediately after I was shot." "Can you tell us anything about the strike? What hand had Fanning in the. trouble between the miners and the masters ?" " Originally tyranny drove the men to strike ; then, when Miss Crawford took sides with her own workmen, he had her called before the executive committee of the Mine Owners' Association, of which he was a mem ber, and she was ordered to reinstate him as . superintendent, and obey other tyrannical ruleB. This she refused to do, and the P. and T. Railway was compelled to refuse to carry her coal." "Thank you," said Mr Able, "lh&ve; done with this witness," he added, turning to the -opposing counsel; '"he is yours." " We have no questions to ask. The wit ness is excused." Fanning was put in the witness -box, as is usual in America, mid Lawyer Able attacked him- vigorously and with venom. The bravado was all gone. Fanning knew he was a doomed man, and though he made an effort to appear unconcerned, it was a flat failure. By the time Able had got through with him, he felt as though he had been put through a machine, and all the blaok spots in his character were spread out before the world. He slunk back to the place like a whipped cur. Rossett made a better attempt to brave it out ; bat even he broke down before the assaults of Lawyer Able. As for Black, he simply cried, and practically gave up the ghost. . The lawyers now examined a few other Witnesses of minor importance, and then summed up the case. The summing up of Lawyer Able wak a brilliant sncceas. He portrayed the Utter foulness of the characters of the prisoners, and showed, with a ringing eloquence, Hie enormity of their deeds. The effort of the defence was very weak. Itoouldbe plainly seen that the lawyers of Fanning and his associates had no heart in their work. That individual who had listened to the prejudiced charge of Judge Booker at the trial of Donald Vanoe should have heard the firm tones of the judge on iMs occasion as he set forth the laws and the consequences of breaking them before the jury. He dwelt long on murder, conspiracy, theft and abduction ; the menace to isociety in the freedom of criminals ; the wholesom&-effectjo£ impartial justice. He gare the base to the. jury with instructions to find a verdict solely on the evidence that had been brought before them. The. jury were not long, absent.. It was well for the audience that the 1 tension, was not kept up. The conrt-ioom was won derfully still as the excited people waited, for the verdict. The jury filed in, each man looking well satisfied with his work. Upon the regular inquiry, the foreman arose and presented this verdict : " We find the prisoners guil ty on all the counts in the indictment." Then a wild cheer broke from the excited crowd, and people began to wonder how justice could have remained blind so long. Graham, Miss Crawford, with Leila and her mother, went home. Lawyer Able met them at the door of the court-room. "To-morrow," he said, "I will have the papers that will for ever clear Donald's name from the foul stain that has been put upon it." ... . . . CHAPTER XXXVH. In the library of Helen Crawford's home a happy and excited group sat talking cagerly about the events of the past tow days. The tela! had jost been finished, aad ag ain and again did the delighted friends of Donald Vance go over the principal points thai; had been brought out by the testimony oi! Golden. . . Tom Jeffrys sat with wide open eyes staring in astonishment at Graham as ! )ave repeated the j»stimony OjGpidcte. 3 fci bfOtheraid that folu' thing t That he hired assassins to kill me that he might inherit the properly that .should be mine! " # " That was what Golden said," replied Graham.. "Why, it is awful. It is the blackest thing I ever knew of. Hired Fanning and Ciark to kill tne, his own brother, that he might hare wealth ! Then, perhaps, he has inherited it. Perhaps my father, who cursed me and drove me away from lis home because I married the girl I loved, is dead,- and that brother of mine is enjoying the estate. Oh, it makes my blood boil to think of it, and my having but just by a miracle escaped death by suieide, under the awful burden of poverty and starvation 2 I will go home. I will take him by the throat and strangle him. The miserable, murdering a wretch !" " Of coarse, that is the tiling to do," said Graham. " Go home and claim your own. Expose yonr unmanly brother, and give Mm the punishment ha deserves." "Indeed I will," said Jeffrys, emphati cally. . <":Is your property in England a large one, Mr Jeffrys 7" a9ked Leila. \ v " Well, it Ys small in comparison with many aroand it," replied the Englishman. " It is in Yorkshire, on what we call the Great Nortii Road. It is not far from tha little town of Woldham. Near to my house is the great estate of Sir William Putney, noted for its wealth of coal mines." " Why, Sir William Putney is a personal friend of mine !" exclaimed Hekn. " He and my father were friends for many years. Their interests being the same, of canrse a friendship was easily cemented. Sir William and Lady Putney have urged me often to make them a visit. I had half resolved, when this tronble was over, to go abroad for a rest. I had not fixed my mind upon any place. Why, would it not be a good plan for me to go to England when you go, Mr Jeffrys, if I should not encumber you too much? you will have your wife and little child, you know." " We should like to have you with no, Miss Crawford," said Jeffrys. " Not only to see Sir William, but to make a visit at Lyudhurst — that is, if things prove tc be in my favor. It may be that my father is not dead, and I shall be no better off than, before." "Still, it would be pleasanb to revisit old scenes and meet old friends, would it not 7" said Graham. " It would, indeed ; hut unless there was some cause to hope that the estate would be . mine, I could not go. I could not afford it, in the first place." " Why can'tyon afford it ? Yon can if yon wish to." " You must remember, Mr Jeffrys,1' said Helen, "that our contract was in nowise interfered with by the results of the trial. The fact that yon remained in prison so short a time makes no difference." Jeffrys flushed. " I could not think of accepting this enor mous sum of fifty thousand dollars for so short a term," he said. ' 1 Bat yen must. I insist upon it." As Miss Crawford said this she placed a cheque for fifty thousand dollars in Ms He demurred, bat, find iwg tan ce in vain, quietly folded it and put it in his pocket. " Some day I shall pay it back to you," he said. " The restoration to health of my wife and little Alice, and the comforts and luxuries that have been theirs, have more than paid me for all I've done. I am largely the gainer." « " £ am qnite satisfied to have it so," said Helen. "Now, if I am going to England with yon, 1 must plan quickly, for, of Coarse, you are anxious to be off at once. To begin with, I need a new superintendent, and the best man I know of for toe position is Mr David Graham. Bat before I go there must be a wedding here. You and Leila must be married by Mr Sfcone well, and then I can go, satisfied that I have left Leila, as well as' my mines, in good hands." Leila looked confused. "I have no time for preparation," she said. " Yon don't need any. What preparing is there? You are not going away, because 1 am not going to delay Mr Jeffrys by keep ing Mm here while you have a wedding tour. So. just make up your mind to get married and make David and me happy. I insist on it, and that ends all argument. What do you eav, David?" " Oh I'm agreed, " he replied, with a smile. So it was settled that the wedding should take place at once. Mr Stonewall was in formed that his servioes would be required cm a certain day not tar off. Helen did all the planning and all the managing. She did not AOttnto oo&sider; Leila, Mrs Vanoe or David toroqrtent factors in the affair. Mmteg had to be done her way, and it isaocptee to toy that Helen's way was the . most ai&tegeouB; one for Leila. She hrought - tolags |6r4pe bride that were more beautitol and cojft|y |han anything the poor girl had CYOjFI11 Jtef ore. A car-load of new furai tore tore from Pittsburg, and a handsome- cottage was fitted up most luxuriously foe the new superintendent and his bade. It was a gay wedding, though the goeste were few. Lawyer Able was there, assisted very materially in the transfer of thai pretty cottase into Leila's name — a marriage gift from Helen. Lawyer Able informed them that he hafi let it become known that Donald Vanoe. waq going away tor . a time to live down the memory of hinbitter experience. " That's the better way," said Mr Ab2tb "Then there will be no qnestionsndkeA And when we find, and bring him homot ii will be all riht/1 j'lshall leave the finding o£Mm to ftsA and David,5 'said Brian, "foelmost hurt in my preparations tofepve." LeBajnade a beautiful bride. Qf AQtiafe nothing eta could be, or ffver htiblMu seriously said about ahy bride. But hn was more beautiful brides- Aad toere was jaohapptt mte Atoowpa vthay heard toe tofelhatnm tiimSSBa (TO BE ttfttoBTOBp.) „ 'v : 