Tie Midnight Marriage. I CHAPTER X. fa CROSSING HANDS. M Lonely and miserable Muriel prayed H for hep cousin's return, and finally in H sisied.-Athea was recalled, and she || came fresh from the marriage of Mrs. H Rivers. The change in Muriel startled m her'' at first as she held the sobbing, M trembling figure in her arms; § ' You will never leave me again ?' she I entreated. ' I cannot live without you.' | Althea gave a little derisive smile. Would her death be of any special ini portanee to any one? If the fortune might come to her — or a part of it ! Strange thoughts were busy in that rest less brain. Muriel was still weak and languid, but a new light shone in her eyes. Friend ship .was so sweet. She wanted to watch Althea every moment, to sun herself in . the light' of the dangerous eyes and siren smile, to toy with the perfumed silken hair. ' How you change with every mood,' Althea said, as they sat late ovir the handful of fire smouldering in the grate. ' When I came, you were wan and pale as a ghost, now you have blossomed like a delicate rose.' ' Althea,' was the slow rejoinder, ' will you answer me a question honestly ?' ' Honestly ?' The other started. 'Do I look like a consumptive?' 'What put such an odd idea in your : head?' ' Is it odd ? I cannot shake off the impression that I shall die young.' 1 What nonsense ! Presentiments never i come true. ? ' I want to live until I am eighteen, at least. Next March. It seems a long while, and I am afraid ? ' A shiver finished the sentence. ' My dear, you are nervous, and have talked too much. You must go to bed.' j A feverish light shone in Muriel's eyes, j and the little hands trembled. She : longed to ask another question but i dared not. Where was Harold Walsing \ ham? ( He came some days afterward. Muriel * heard the rich, mellow voice in the hall \ below, and the treacherous blood rushed \ to brow and cheek. No one asked for \ her. Althea was summoned to entertain | the guest; and she, sitting in silence, ;. counted the weary moments. \ When Althea returned in a glow of \ conscious, triumphant loveliness, Muriel's ' heart sank within her. What had she \ dreamed ! The vision that had lent such \ a charm to life faded slowly to gray ; ashes. When he had spoken of Althea % in an indifterent, friendly manner, she \ had not suspected love. Was it true \ that he cared for her in his secret heart. ? But she had once said in her half-reticent, :' royal way that left no room for question ing, that she once loved a man who was poor. It could not be Harold Walsing ham then ! ? Althea was in a mood of bewildering sweetness. Muriel was fair, to shrink within herself and hide her fatal, mis placed love, but the charmer found a subtle, delicate path to her inmost soul. She was no match for this keen, sharp woman of the world, to whom scheming came as natural as daily breath. They sat together that night in the soft silence of Muriel's room, the lights turned low, and the radiance of the grate fire illuminating a circle around them. The fair face had been won back to its resting place in the treacherous arms, but the dark eyes gleamed above with a lurid, fateful expression. ' Mr. Walsingham spoke of you,' she said, in her mesmeric voice, modulated to the finest touch of tender sweetness. 4 He wished to see you, but he had such a brief while to stay, and knowing that Uncle Dalziel was at home I hardly dared invite you down. He is to make a morning call soon. Uncle Dalziel is generally away during the morning, you know.' Althea had felt the trememdous flutter that ran through the nerves, laid bare, as it were, before her. ' Does Uncle Dalziel think me a prisoner under his control altogether?' Muriel asked, the drooping eyes alive with a sudden flash. ' He would be afraid of a possible rival in any one.' The low, light laugh had a subtle sting in it that rasped Muriel's sensitive soul. ' But you do not believe — oh, you know I would not marry Alfred. I wonder sometimes, if it would not be better for Uncle Dalziel to understand this positively.1 ' It could make but little difference. Your home is here. He can refuse you any liberty he thinks proper until you are eighteen.' Muriel sighed. ?' He is very kind generally. I believe he ivould love me as a daughter, and I have .never had any parents to be tender tome. If he would only give up this dreadful idea.' 'You never told him about meeting Mr. Walsingham?' 'No.' Muriel flushed, and then added : 'I never really found an opportunity, and I had not the courage to make one. I wish'I had your strength and resolu tion, Althea.' ; ,' Talons are given to birds of prey, not -doves,' she flung out bitterly. ?'-,.,- . ' Don't make such terrible compari sons.' '{' ',' .,,;; ????'/.;' ;. ' j ? ' '.I strongly suspect that I shall have to fight my way through the world. I have not a golden key, the magical open sesame/ . And yet Muriel, poor, foolish child,' ?would have taken the poverty and love had it been offered at the hands of Harold Walsingham. . : \: ' You have hardly spoken of him,' she 'continued presently. 'I know it must have been a great relief in that stupid place to have something- better- than ja ?clod to help pass the hours away. Con fess now — it was delightful? Muriel flushed daintily. The tone was so bright and careless that it couldn't alarm her. ' It was very pleasant.' ' Do you know that Mr. Walsingham is considered handsome, fascinating, high bred, and all that, in the world of fashion ? fl should marvel at your taste if you were riot attracted, for he admitted that he iwas won to stay longer than his first trivial errand warranted.' ' The fishing was very good, and then he was fond of the water,' Muriel con fessed -slowly. ' And you went with him sometimes ? What a picture he makes with an oar in his hand, his hair thrown back and his eyes on some distant point that he means to reach with a few strokes ! Like an old Greek god coming to Andromeda's rescue, only I believe those wpnderlul old heathens were tawny rather than dark.' Muriel laughed at the conceit. ' ' It was delightful/ she said, warming with the remembrance. Step by step the wary woman led her to confess. Soft, treacherous kisses dropped on the fair brow, and the subtle voice seemed to thread its way through haunts of summer beauty akin to those in which she had wandered with Harold Walsingham. And yet it was Althea who did most of the talking. The quiver of a pulse under her hand, the coming and going of some stray flush, the dreamy wandering of the lustrous eyes, told her what she most desired. For Muriel hardly guessed herself that a spell akin to love had stirred the hitherto tideless soul. They ssid good-night to each other at length. Althea went to her own room and locked her door. Not that any one ever intruded upon her, but now she wanted a certainty to assure her. ' The weak, puny thing 1' she said, with eyes of flashing fire, and lips of vengeful scorn. ' ' It is as I feared. A whole fortnight spent in Arcadian romance, teaching her to love him, and she ready enough for the lesson. To him it was the merest pastime ? ' She paused and clasped her shapely hands together with the air of tragedy that ran in her blood. How much did Harold Walsingham care ? It was like an unreasoning woman to blame Muriel. 'I know it has been !' she hissed through her white teeth. 'She has paraded her loneliness, smiled upon him with her artful girlishness, paid homage to the beau's vanity. But she could never hold him. In six months he would weary of the sweetness without flavor. And, Muriel Quinell, when you cross my path you rouse a fiend. There's some old, old blood in my veins that turns black and bitter when any one creeps in like a snake and stings me !' She loved Harold Walsingham, and if there was any vengence to be taken, it was not upon him. And yet she could see that he had experienced more than a passing interest in this girl. Left to himself he would hardly marry her, for he was not the man to be tied to a fool ish, weak, exacting woman, unless ? The baleful fire of her eyes would have scorched any one who dared to gaze in their depths. For now another thought added fuel to the fierce flames. What if 'he had dreamed of fortune and freedom after a brief probation. Such a fancy would have led many another woman to spurn him, but this love had come to be the ruling passion of Althea's life. She would wait patiently while the fire ran through her veins ; she would school herself to sweetness and grace; or, if it came to the worst, she would struggle hard, and not scruple at slight difficulties. To see any other woman his wife would be madness. But what if — if it came to a bridal hour and the young wife died in her husband's arms ! ' We will see,' she whispered, with a soft, cruel smile. ' After they have met I can guess — I can form some plan. And yet to wait through these terrible months — what torture it will be !' Ay, torture indeed 1 To see him fond of another woman, to have him woo her before her eyes that would not miss the faintest smila or look. Could she endure it? When Althea Dalziel resolved upon her course she went steadily about its execution. She had a motive in bring ing these two persons together, though Harold Walsingham little dreamed of the consummate art that watched him. Muriel was shy and embarrassed, and clung to her false friend, but it was a pleasure to see him again. He was a trifle shocked at the change. Was the half-suspicion, half-speculation that he had indulged in weeks ago in a fair way of fulfilment ? Did this fragile girl hold in her constitution some hidden germs of hereditary disease ? But if so, what would it avail ? Here was the keen-eyed woman who loved him, the woman whose glowing beauty, warmth and idolatrous passion would make an Eastern paradise for the man who held her to his heart. Costly as Jth'e luxury would be, he felt impatient sometimes for the hour, and was willing to take the final step, but prudence al ways came to the rescue. ,- If, in the weeks that followed, Althea suffered some sharp pangs, she could gloat in secret over her rival's pain. For it was surely evident that Muriel- had drifted into the swift current of love. Strive vigorously as she might to hide it, a look or word would betray it to those pitiless eyes. 1 ~ Through all this Althea held her way .royally. From a half- pity, halfindiffer ence, she had come to hate Muriel with a depth and intensity that the other could not have realised. She felt herself bitterly^ wronged in the fact of this puny girl being the possessor of a fortune, while she was so nearly penniless as to be dependent upon the kindness of friends in some degree. And then it ought to have been quite impossible for this palej spiritless creature to cross her. path,* but she held some occult charm for Harold Walsingham. Wasiit the. 'mere fact of wealth ? If she chose to give one deep, mortal stab) she might announce her engage ment. She knew well that under such a blow Muriel would fade away like some pale flower in an early autumn frost; She could bar Harold Walsingham effec tually from her presence, but what would it avail. If Muriel died, there would, still be the hard bar of poverty between her lover and herself. The other view she hardly dared to put into thought. And yet Harold Wal sinpham might have seen it with his worldly man's eyes. Should she play this one fateful card, and show her hand at last? After all, what was this little question, of life or death ? If a human soul went out early in the, day, it escaped the dreary evening. Both could not be happy it seems, so what if she stood aside for a brief while, and let the other sip at the edge of the cup. If there was a Heaven {or such simple, white lives, would it not be better than this perplex ing, toilsome life? For if she, Muriel, had a happy day, it must be brief. And the end must be beyond peradventure. She studied Harold Walsingham well before she made her venture. One day she said, with great apparent sweetness : ' Harold, we have both been wrong, I fear. You thought my cousin versed in the ways of the world, forgetting that those simple, country days — a matter of no moment to you — might prove danger ous to her. And I, to put a little variety and sunshine in the life of neutral tints,, have allowed her to drift in the beguiling current.' ' What do you mean ?' with his easy, careless smile. ' I mean that Muriel loves you ; poor, foolish child.' Harold Walsingham colored and bit his lip. To be confronted with this fact by the woman to whom he was engaged, was hardly agreeable. How would she take it ? ' Nonsense,' he replied gayly. ' It is not nonsense,' and her tone was graver. The deep, peculiar eyes studied his face intently. ' A girl's liking.' Did he care or was he trying to de ceive her. 'As strong as her nature will allow. Is it her fault if the substratum is rapid and shallow ?' ? He made an uneasy gesture. 'My darling,' he said, with a little forced laugh ; you surely are not jealous ?' ' I jealous — of her?' There was a world of regal, beautiful disdain in every feature. Confess to him the pangs she has already endured ? Ah, she meant to play a higher game than that. 'You remember that you had been eloquent about her. 1 found her there solitary, unhappy, deprived of all genial companionship. You were the bond between us. What charm is it that makes all men and all women fall down and worship you ? I lingered, it- is true. She was sweet, pretty, a sort of shy wood nymph hidden in a forest. And yet, I think, she will bear me witness that I uftered no word to which you might not have listened.' ' I should not question her,' was the haughty reply. 'But why did you bring her in my presence now ?' ' I did it to satisfy myself.' ' And now ? ' ' I am satisfied she loves you.' He gave a light laugh that had in it a little ironical flavor. ' To what end is all this ?' he asked presently. She came nearer. He took both hands in his and with a sudden impulse pressed passionate kisses on her. tempt ing lips. ' Harold,' she said, in a strange voice, while a peculiar W^'.w. glittered in her eyes — 'Harold, what if you had not known me and met her as you did ? She is an heiress, very delicate, consump tive by inheritance, perhaps.' ' You think the briefness might have rendered the bond endurable? She is not the kind of a woman to hold me captive, as you well know. A year of such tender cooing would drive me to desperation.' ' But less than a year — a few months ? -a few weeks ?' 'Don't tempt me.' There was a huskiness in his voice, and in spite of his strong effort some swarthy blood stained his face. ' What would you have done ?' Her voice was clear almost to cold ness, and yet filled with desperate strength. ' How can I tell ? I loved you to well to put a bar between, unless— — ' ' Well ?' ' What fiend's mood is this you are in ? If she dies she may leave you her for tune. T wonder if you would be gener ous enough to share it with a poor devil like me ?' I ' Harold !' ' 'Well,' he returned recklessly, 'that, only stands between. We are neither 'of us brave enough to dare poverty.' ' And yet I believe' you have been tempted to think — if I were quite free — here is a fortune— :and the incumbrance ' How you speak of her,' she said with ' a little shivef. ... ., . ::- ..,-. 'She has dared to love you !' 'That is her misfortune, truly.' ' I should hate her with a deep and undying hatred, but she is fond of me — as a bird may be charmed by a snake, and then — let her crowd all 'she'i can' in her brief life. If she made ybu'u'ntrue I should be pitiless 1' He knew it well. He would be sorry to have this woman for an enemy, to stand to her in any relation but that of master. He was not a, tryant because be loved her. A peculiar and 'contra dictory soul swayed from the centre of self. ; ' Yes, you might have married j her then.' ' ? ; ;4'( He did not' know how well, she; was 'acting her part. ',-, 'j,. :..':\ .; , . j .'Possibly./ I would be no worse than a woman selling herself. I should have taken the poor child into my keeping and been kind and tender while she lived — and bowed decorously over her grave. Why do you wish to know all this, Althea?' ' Yes,' she answered, with a little scorn, 'men are not always immaculate. .They occasionally bow to strong tempta tions.' ? He understood the drift of all this, but it was not to his purpose to allow it to appear. .. ,.-?.?„ ' Since I do not propose such a venture to/myself, do not blame., me totrhardly. Why linger over the subject?1 'If you married her — now, Harold ?' :- He started in unfeigned surprise, and studied her face for many moments. 'You propose it?' he gasped. ' ? I suggested it because I know you must have thought of the first contin: i;ency. I um not a. generous, woman, Harold ; to give up the man I loved and see him happy in another woman's arms would be like death to me. I am 'afraid it would make me— yes, a murderer. But this is different. Tender and fond you might be, yet there would be a place in your heart that she never could reach — I have 'been there. If her death un wedded would be of any advantge to me, I should hardly make this sacrifice. But if I did it, for your sake ? ' ' Hush,' he said huskily, less brave than she. ' Do not let us tempt our selves. She might , recover — happy women do sometimes. And to think that we had lost each other utterly ? ' ..- ,? I shall.be there with you always. It ..is her; plan to keep me. I shall ;icount the smiles and bide my time.' She uttered this with a bitter laugh. Well, perhaps, that he could not see the depth of blackness in her soul. Little' honor, little right feeling as he possessed, this would have made him shrink from the beautiful demon who was tempting with her face of enchanting sweetness. 'No,' he returned, 'you could not. A woman who loved would betray her jealous passion. For, my darling, there is hot Southern blood in your veins. The women of your race are not prover bially patient.' ' I think I could wait.1 The eyes glittered with a steely light, and the curves of the feverish scarlet lips seemed to writhe like a serpent. ' But to woo her— a girl neither dis tasteful nor repulsive— to look on and see it all !' ' You fancy that I could not endure it? It would be brief, and I should think of the day when my reign should begin. Do I look weak and puling — a woman to faint by the wayside ?' So Medea might have appeared in her subtle, dangerous beauty. ' No !' he exclaimed involuntarily. ' She will not marry Alfred. That chance being dismissed Uncle Dalziel will be the gainer by her death. I doubt if she could alienate her property soon after she was eighteen. But her hus band ? ' They glanced into each other's eyes. Both were to lend themselves to the plot. Why Althea should be so confi dent of her cousin's death it was hardly worth while to inquire. Whether he had experienced more than a passing interest in Muriel she did not care to know. She would only look at the future. . ? ' Think what you propose. Have you the will, the courage ?' ' Try me. # I could endure anything but the loss of your love. And if that went ? ' The eyes gloomed over duskily. Since if sin there were she was ready to do it for his sake, she felt peculiarly tender toward him. ' No, you need not fear. No woman could ever so stir the depths of my soul. Why, if your hands were stained with crime, their clasp would still thrill every pulse of my being.' ' Crime !' she echoed with a mocking laugh. ' Who talks of that— unless it be a crime to give you, poor whining fool, a taste of happiness. Since she loves you let her steep her soul in dreams, short-lived, but fair while they last. I wonder if the strongest of us have any more ?' ?.-.'.'.? The arrangements were briefly con cluded. Quite by accident Muriel was to make the discovery, and Althea parted with her betrothed in a strange torment of anxious love and fear. There was a fierce determination in her eyes not quite pleasant to see, and the lines about the mouth were rigid and merciless. ' Now, if I can out-manceuvre Uncle Dalzied,' she murmured to herself, ' there will be a storm, surely.' Murie! could hardly accept her great happiness. As she confessed, there was a misgiving concerning Althea, who was reserved, distant, petulant and sweet by turns. More than once she resolved to relinquish Harold Walsingham, yet with that seemed to go all the blessedness of life. But she took AHhea in all her plans of the future. ? And yet it could hardly be termed happy or satisfactory. In order,, to shield Muriel from suspicion, Althea was present at the interviews, which were not frequent. -The poor child lived in an at mosphere of unwholesome excitement and perpetual dread. Would the time of freedom ever come? -. Althea. had no thought' of ever relin quishing1 her loverJ -She riveted her claims by appeals that Harold had not the power or will to resist. Her tender ness had in it a charm that no other woman ever possessed for him. Was it her wonderful beauty ? | -Yet Muriel was not wanting inyloveli ness. He experienced for her a peculiar pity, which 'might have proved a warmer regard had not his heart been; preoccu pied. He knew, too, that every word and gesture was weighed,, and the ac count rigorously kept. But Muriel had many hours of bliss, and his senses — for conscience seemed utterly dormant — were satisfied, . ''. .-.The ..wrong they, were bothl3working this hapless girl troubled him but little; A kind of blind fate held them all in her net, and- he was quite( 'content to drive on carelessly.- ? ';'??' ' Other eyes' had been watching, , how ever. Matthew Dalziel began to grow fearful of the golden prize slipping through his son's loose fingers, and in sisted that he should speak. The fate of his suit the reader knows already. But when Muriel confessed her love for ?Harold Walsingham, his anger knew no bounds. Althea was to be sent away, and Walsingham banished. She had played for too desperate a stake to loose now. Stay she must to see the end of the tragedy. She faced the angry man with all her boldness. 'You are Muriel Quinell's guardian,' she said ; but there may be a law above you, even. For a few months longer you have control of this unfortunate; child., but if you keep her thus closely imprisoned, if you deny her the solace of friends, and her death ensues — for it is hardly probable that she will live to attain her majority — you will have to answer for the consequences. You' will ; be her murderer!' Matthew Dalziel started. Had any dim thought floated through his brain ? ' You are wild,' he returned. ' Muriel has the best of care — all that is neces sary.' ' Has she ? Her death would certainly be a gain to you.' His face was livid with passion. Did this girl venture to accuse him before hand ? She stood there proud and un daunted, and he absolutely cowered before her. ' How- dare you !' r'Is it not the truth ? If you keep her secluded in this house and her death ensues, you will answer to Harold Wal singham for it. Take away from her all companionship, and you will see her fade daily, hourly. I doubt whether she lives with the best of care and attention.' He started at those words, little dreaming that she meant them for a subtle temptation. If Muriel died here alone, it might be unpleasant to have the matter inquired into. 'She is not ill,' he said stoutly. ' Deli cate she has always been, but her father had the peculiarity of constitution. He lived past middle life.' 'If she should live, she will marry Harold Walsingham as soon as she has the legal right ? ' 'A fortune- hunter!' he interrupted angrily ; ' some of your fashionable crew, who can scent gold only. He shall never, never marry her !' ' You will see. In the spring she will be her own mistress.' . ' Why don't you marry him yourself?' he asked coarsely. ' You are generous with your admirers.' She smiled haughtily over his sneer, .without deigning a reply. They faced each other with keen eyes. Unconfessed in each heart was the hope of Muriel's death, if fate could so will. But her words had touched him a little. If the child should die here alone, it might be unpleasant. ' He wants her money !' Matthew Dalziel said doggedly. 'And you want it, too. It seems to be an even thing. You would marry her to a man she hates, or else keep her single. Harold Wahingham will make her happy while her life is spared. I shall not be the gainer in any event, it seems, so my counsel is at least dis interested.' ' What would you counsel ?' he asked sneeringly. 1 1 do not see any wisdom in making her life miserable while it does last. It seems to me that she is very, very fragile. I have no doubt that you will be posses sor of the coveted gold, yet I do not envy you. If you have any soul you will be haunted by hateful recollections of your persecution.' 'And so you would have us throw the doors wide open and invite in this schemer? Love! Do you suppose he would waste a moment's thought upon her if she were poor ?' 'Perhaps not. But you would hardly give her a home if she were poor. You would think her no fit mate for Alfred.' He winced at this thrust. It mad dened him to see her stand there so cool and calm. Had she any interest in this business ? Her high disclaimer was as nothing in his eyes. What if she counted upon marrying Walsingham afterwards ? If Muriel died before she was eighteen ! Life was always uncertain and hers most precarious. In that case it might be well to have them all here. And if he meant to fight against this subtle-eyed woman it would not be well to show his hand too soon in the game. 1 Leave me !' he exclaimed, with an imperious gesture. She obeyed, with.a haughty inclination of his head. His face dropped in hands. Yes ; if Muriel should die ! (To be Continued. ) 