The Midnight Marriage. CHA.PTEK XVH. EN'DEUCUIIKKNTK. Mif ran lightly up the broad stair* casoof theliotel. Althea WnlsingUam, proud, triumphant. with a face that jjlittTcd in its evil, bewildering beauty. Snf i ly opening ths donr of their aittfng loom, she hcheld hur husband lounging on the sofn, looking almost an it' lie had not stirred since her departure. Ho glanced un with a wearied, im patient, expression. ' fiTow long yen have heen gone!' lie osclaimed. ' Have I ? Did you ini«s we ?' The money light in his eye was far from a smile. She threw off her bonnet nnd the light, fleccv Bbawl thnt enveloped her tigure. Then she (melt bu?i<lc him in lovely abandon!, clasping his handa in hers. ' Harold,' a lie said,' E have been try ing to solve a ruystery for your sake as well as mine.' Hesbirer»d percepl ilil r. . ?' I know that Muriel Q'linoll is alive, he made answer. 'Some curious presentiment warns me.' . ' »She may be. And yet I begin to believe ber mythical. Listen to tne . Althea went briefly over her interview wltli Alfred at S*mU>sja, and her reeent fruitless journey. Harold seemed to devour the words. . Slin WAS not there. I put no truces of any wonderful escape. Dunrn were open as if one inigltt walk in and out. at luisurt". Alfred is. a erasv idiot, and wjietbor he p»er lisd her or nnt ii is impossible to tell. If «Iip was r.^enoil, or if she escaped to her friends, they will, not be slow in noising tlm fact abroad,' 'ilf you bad i-eeii her?' flis CTrts Vied to read the soul of tlic 1 woman oiifnre him. ! $i« baffled him with a cariiesB i laugh, . I plight have aFkcd her intuitions ' i 'Allhei, that txprusmn is terrible.' ] He rose now mid confronted her. I . Ib it ¥ Arc you nf raid, my darling ? j But I bad no poigi.ard so L could not i ItavjB ltt out ber pjor, fool-.sh life! i ' WJiat fiead'e work brought her back i from tbe grave ?' . You kite hei F' i 1 Yes. T Late ber for every kits, i ereiy caress, every tender word that she »as stolen awny from tnc.' . There was a deadly glitter in the i dark eyes. . You gave them. You niiiBt never I tdrget that 1 lit .was your pli>t that J i should marry ber.' How tnuch of this man's heart, did 1 she own? Would fie ma*te any desper- c &la;, bitter fight {or ber if it came to < . theWorstP And if Muriel still loved . bimf i ' since we both needed the for- t tune,' and there was a dash of stinging, j cobra in iter laugh. But you are mine!' she*aid triumphantly. ' Yei !'?-in a gloomy fashion ; ' and i riijioe the girl lias come to life, our foftftne alips Into nothingness.' 1 .Ifyou choose.' ' And if 1 did not ehoo3B ?' i She studied him a moment. i ' Harold, much of this fortune might 1 <<tiHbe ours if you have the courage to 1 take a desperate step.' 1 . What a beautiful temptress she was! i lie Jiad been lying there alone coniem- i plating the dreary future of poverty, 1 for in thiB brief holiday they had draw n ' bud- upon both small fortunes. He < shrank from it with a distaste so in tense that life hardly appeared desirable | onsuch terms. ( .'.What could Ido?' . i ' Wo can both compel my undo to t yield a jpart of this fortune at least, i JiefcU» take that, and go abroad imtoe- t diately.' ( « He rote with alacrity. Anything tliat promised ease and freedom from f harassing thought-any bar between hiin And the yawning gulf of poverty. I ' Yes,' he relumed; 'be can hardly 1 have beeu warned. It is timo he did t something. He has no right to plead i the flaw's delay. One might fancy there was some secrcl cau«e for his ] continue! procrastination.' /Ho bates to part with a dollar. 1 But there is a threat that I can Mse.' I ' Yo\i believe it ?' 1 'I beliuve it. lie played badly i though.' i \- 1 Why not go this evening ? Rest < yourself while L order some refresh- i ments. - We have little time to lo-e.' t Some iu»tinot <vf po*tut)lo adf-pre- ( solution fctirred tile Idtnt energy in I fiis {>uttwA. Althea fed the illume skillfully. Once ibroid, qiieent*if! it | myully in the circles of fashion, and she hail no fesr that his love w.mld i escape lier. She had a lialNfaticy, nUo, that Muriel hnd outlived her passion, that coining train the grave, i all things bad looked different to Iwr i eyes. Yot somo lingering sympatliy or tenderness ttfll remained, as wsb < evident from the foot that she had { taken no ate;>s to recover ber fortune. When they were safely away, she know well that Muriel would not seek to wrest the gold from their grasp. The matter was progression slowly enough in the lawyers' hands. Mat thew Oalziol took advantage of every little legal quibble to protract the settlement, and plead most strongly his inability to get ho larg; un estate lu order under the year allowed him for that purpose. Some of the income liad been piid into Itarold Walsing bam's bauds, but the bulk still stood . undisturbed. They took their way to t' o deserled looliing bouse, Mrs. answered the peremptory summons. ' j wish to see my undo!' AHhcii announced, to bor most authoritative manner, Tim woman glanced sharply at her, ' He is in a good <U'il of tr-ub.c. and rofu>es evunbrdv.' ' Ho mill see wo.' . . She walked proudly tlirouyh tho mill to the darkened pari ,r' and Httr<,w followed. TUey waited in silence a long while, tlioii Alfchea ventured up-stairs. ; Mat than' Dalzitl lind not thought tin's. He sat before a Hinull tahle, busilv writing, hi* thin hair stragclin!? ,.vcr "hi* hollow temples, his elialibv dressing-ooivu worn and frayed at the edges; so lie started in wild surprise at "this vision. ' Yes, I whs commit, lie muttered. « Could vou not wait V . tye ham waited long Hiougli -, with her cool, insolent fUrv. _ I . Woman !' iieexchiitned with sudden veliemencp.' what have jou done wit.i inv child, my eon 1 You mined him in soul and body with vi.uf aceurred beauty, and now where ie lu'S" ' She laustli 'd st'urnfully. Hod Alfred really kept his in ignorance «t Muriel's exigence, or was it a dcluei-n on lli*» vount! man's part i »I do lint see that I am at all answerable for hU follies, and 1 do not BBe why I should have made myself hideous because hi" brj 11 was weak ^ They Btudied eich other with lurlivt looks. 'Uncle Matthew, she begun prc cntlv, ' I kept P'O'iise. I might have'inarned Allied, but J refrained, partly trom consideration of your wishes. Air I now inv husband 1" wa't'ng in the <«»'" heW, ami jiIMk IJUt off tlO I'HiU'-l'- W'- "r'1 ahriad, a «l the bnsine-* niti-t. He '<> male--«i>y terms with you. Was tlii' man going in-.1 to ., that t'.,ere should c.»h® auch a fl*iw, v-itnut. look 11. li s eyes. Sin* mi mi»"ii'"l her husband * thee wan any hitt-r enf'ou* ter i uiu^t J be undertaken n,lW ' Sit down,* mid, undoing t.i tlw .?ew-iw.-r ' Why f . tht> 1 lwver15, "8 I 'nete"' <" both.ring me? ) have too much on ! my mind.' . . . ' Mr UiUkl, vou «ecm to tak* delight in this delay. As guardian of Mutivl Quitwll you hud so.ni) powers that e.erlaitilv were afterward dele cted to tier husband. If you have invented her property in an unfor tuuate manlier there may ba some oxcuae ' , , Harold Walsin^Iiam paused ana \ watched his adversary, whoso eyes were *h el tared behind emitter brows. ' Her husband soon consoled him self, it seems J" be answered, with a| ' i believe the fact that lie was her husband is all sufficient for the business in hand.' _ ?«And I sav that he «ins not. It was brought about by fraud and over-per luasion. You never loved her, but you lid want lier fortune.' . .You wilt have to prove all this to make a legal poinfc. I fancy that you iitt convinced by this time or uhe im practicability of such ft couree * But you have no ri^nt-- t « The law gives me a right,'.I believe, with a touch of quiet triumph, The restless eyes opposite scowled ^Aswe arc desirous of going abroad immediately, I w»U make it to your interest to settle the matter amioably. Vou could make some (rouble, and per laps uncomfortable publicity, out m the end I should gain. If you will pay into my hands on Monday next the sum of fifty thousand dollars, you shall liave ten thousand for yo-ir trouble. The remainder can bo settled some jiher time.' . ,,. 1 Althea watched the efforts of tins propoaal. Shu s»w ihe greedy eves sparkle, tho tb'm lips contract nervously j She had armed herself with her occana- > slon In case they found him obBtinate jnd unreasonable, but Haro d had in sisted that this would be the *» 're 1 enticing bait. ?No, I cannot 1)T Monday, Vie saw, ihakiug liis bead. , i 1 But vou must. Nearly six months have elapsed sincc tho death, and you I have delated upon one pre'ext nno mother. Otherwise I ahall comraenoc a | suit nt once.' This brisk air meant business. Matthew Da'aw! cun*W'.ir«t. He had cone over the ground many « lime, awl al"" legal advice. For to hav« the half ol tlw Cortu«« WMRtudfrom hi* I4TSP worse in his estimation than p»rtittg with hi» very snul. He hud b'in waitiui: for « dim obance that nvoi' d never to come. Why nut close with this offer-p»rhaps, indeed, throui^'i Borne informality the rest would never have to be pa'd. ' It thirty ihou»and would do,I might get'hat,' lie t-aid w ill nlnw hesitation. . No, it would not,' was the brief, de oiaive reply. , ' Property mast be sold, you see 'Tbera are stoeks, and money at interest, itid all. 1 am no stranger to the facts of the p-opurty.' Matthew Pa wel frowned- Ibis man with his carelessly handsome lace and indifferent, not to say indolent, mar.ner wn* as sharp as I10. 'No, 1 cannot do it so soon. You asU too inuch.' ' * To-morrow then 1 shall commence a suit. There will be no faltering or I leniency in W at. 1 warn you,' Then Harold Walsingham rose, still superbly calm. . 1 ' On Monday, y m said 'i Sit down again. When do you go V Ho brushed his ha:.r nervously about witli bis tliin lingers and looked from one to the other. « As *0011 as thu money is paid.' ' A-tid you will return 1 ' Oh, that is a matter of time-por haps never.1 This told at tho speaker meant it should. There was muoli mere parleying, hut tho end was reached at last, and Hiirold Walsingliani came off vietor. Anil altl'i'iteh Altneu. lonuuil t> f:in' a iMivtnu tliV'i-t, she wisely ucid ho, Out. iiT doois, she InuRlied in a little triumph. 4 T'o lion in his deri was not 60 for uiidnhle a'ter nil,* alio suiil gayly. 'No. 1 should have taken just tins slop lone :ie<'- He has refused to see ] me heretofore' t Wi! can l;a>--c<m Wednefilay ? ' Vo».' . ' Every duy will 1,3 il" ni?e u"11' then.* Tiiey walked on in silence. Harold YValsingham had been urpred to tins step liy « variety of motives, and now that l>i* poitu ha I 1'f-u gamed the li-t li'fisnivs and li;ilf-h, rr..r yesterUy stl-over t.iin u.:aiii. Mmiel in ht-r grave liad heeti but a pa-sing l'.'\ti,-y t. h:in. Muriel alive, nerh ipi Inviiii! li m, wronged out of affection, fortune and I rII tli.it sill! oiict heH dc.ir, was a dre.ui phantom ihat ro:iM n it he exorcised Hi'tri'.u'ion had "egiin wth him. Not repent mee, but -lull, ocea^on-il ' and it d»tru*t i'f ila s , lieuut'ful woman, who luid tirgci him on. 11 was ton lat e tii take ov,e haek* ward ste.i-lie ui'i't'p'ed the stern truth at tVie hands of Tate, but he could not thrust the p.il« ghost out t hi- mii.d. j the face of the woman he had wronged «,i terribly. , Left to himself, Matthew Dalziul b'Oiid.-i over t ie bar nin i. to wh ell he iv,vl lve.«n t»rIt s <?m<.d to im a i li ird one, and vot- lie !''' I?i ' to wonder » heth«v lie wild improve ueoil it! i» tin* future* W u'd !t »". l»* |H»s.i'di» ?« vo iy><ie.i i-in t'wf ^htetice tl.,-/ I,.- -'I '.'.l'i ii " ir <-atly the I.j i<\- liiiri'in irr«"«- ? Fi.t t-'. H 'Ti ..o'lev ivisugid. Avar- ] ,« tiii'i l«oic the .uliua a son -f ! iiin litv. He h d ived ii RWelf iutn t.lti k nit the* ? ts for Ijis s n's uo..d, but iliat no., hud r v.d n recount train-, He had is ov ivd ti e I "8?, I and now ijinei--<{ he ..ehl a clew iti hi* Unas. Wfat- if Allied meant to I follow th»setwo? | Why hod In- not ilwujit of it earlier end Ujji'Mided her with ber perfidy be foro her husband ? When he came to I see her again ha would have his revenge. She, flaunting in her heau y and pride, triumphing everywhere, and lie toiling and moiling to make up f >i' the success of her daring scheme?. Ho went to hie dingy little office tins next morning and began to consider n-hat plan would be fcbo most e.iaily ] available. Every hour tbo sum grew j mote immense in his eyes and appeared ; just so much taken from bis rightful i portion* Ah, if ho cjuld but hare in fluenced that dying cou6in to make a more eansible will' lie had parUken of his simple lunch aud changed his shabby office coat for one that was whole, though runty. On the tlirtsheld, two pfiiitleinen con- j fronted him, Being well dre.hed, ho bowed obsequiously and ushered them .'You do not remember mc, I fancy ? began the taller. * Doctor Macdonald * ' Macdouald ?' Matt ho iv Dal/irl ulared a little ana rubbed the back of his baud at ross his forehead. ' Jlo-that 18-you seem to have uie at an advantage.1 ' I oncn n'gned a paper iu your hou6fl-was it a marriage cerfciflcaie or a will f' DaUiel turned deaiblr pale ana staggered ft few step.' backward. He reoieiubnred the man now-d,d he conie as a friend or an enemy ? * You were one of the executors, or perhapa sole executor of Walter Quin ell's will, and guardian of his child ?' ' 1 «-a», and I did my duty I' hink you will bear mo wtmoss thnt I , o-etl the icfarioua marriage scheme, but the a"1* bad been wr.tught up m by t'.at des gning knaw, and was iiead stiong herself. I watched over feci wi'li tt faiher'u care,' . Tin* business 1 iielieve ha* not been nettlod ?' . , a DaUiel glanre.d up qnestiomngly ? To what d d a'l thin tend ? i TUt- est >t« is at 11 i» your hands V The tone was cle.ir and decisive that of a wan who would staB I umal, triHinj!. ' It is. The oo.se was a jv-culmr one, g'-ntlein«*u--' ' Ha»e th« u'nk'ti!iham« made no i-ffori to o!it.iin be property ?' allied IVirilioldy in surprise. 4 Yes,' was the *hiw reply. 4 *fr Walsi'.^haiii i* prusiius f Tasettltfiiient tiuw. lie »is!ie» M go abroad iiuiue ..ia:«!y.' Th" t hi exelia' ged a glat'Ce which did nut os'-aui' Dalzitl's keen vision. ' A'.d when is ii lo be nmdo ?' «I 1 Dalzi. 1 stamuierod, and thou pauKed in nuic confusion. ' It is im portant that 1 thould Ituow your rtUB- ins, gentlemen. If there were any lejial impediments-if it could be proven that these Walsinghams bad no right ' There was a gleatn uf vmdicitiveness in th« s ibII, restless eyes that shifted uneasily from one to the other. Mac donald felt thBt he was to be relied upon through hate, if from no sense of justice. That one could hurdly ex pect. ' And if it can ?' The original will would be in force (lion. His greedy soul overleaped caution at a bound, ' It will be necessary for me to know bv Mondtv noon.1 "' Why ?' ' Some ispoc'al business ts to he transacted on tlint day, is it?' a*kod Bartholdy, with his usual quiekness. ' If Mr. Walsinghani is going away he needs money. ' You, as executor, will be compelled to pay it over,' Matthnw Dulziel (lushed a dull, nwarthy hue. «{[.is ntcetsary that we should know the exact t uth. Where iB thin mmcy to be paid ?' < This is hardly fair, gentlemen.' * We hBve but little time to parley 1' MiedonaM <*c!iiine.1, in a pT-'tnntory tone. ' T-'ll us the hour and llio platv of this mee'ing Uring thither at) iinror'unt pap is, but not n dollar.' ' Tliey cannot; prove their cl'iiin then !' ho sni-l oxul 1'iily. . The mar riage was ft fraud-M uriel*-, ] mean 1" and Iiis keen oyeg spaiklcd witii revenge as well as delight. ' Yes, wo may c-.inleiss tliut.' ' Hut lif w caiiii: v»u to know it?' Dul7.i11 aske), sharply. ' You will bear then. At present wo icly upon you to keep our sacret.' ' It will be safe, I assure you. Hut, eentlemen ?' for Macdocald bad turned. 'It is iinposib'c to enter into pirticuUrs now. Give UB the address, plea e.' Thj tone was court eon?, but dee sive, Mtttliew Dalziel finnM-d over t'm 1 irt.e papers upon the tublo until ho found si busin HS >'Hi'd. ' Monitnv, at t«ilvc?' ' Ye-,' lie answered, half-regretting Ins rush confidence. 'Nothing else !?=> necessary. You wM ke pthis interview a soeret ftW (roo<!-day.' The two b twed and pn°sed out. ' All easy iiiiiUer!' exclaimed Bar t!» ldv, with n lijjlit hiunh. 'A mrixv, fa-Miinv, cringing vil lain ! WAS Mac'omM's rejoinder. * I could liai'JI.v keeo fiom electrifying him with the truth. It i" evident th;-? he has not seen hi!-", s n, and does nxt tins cot M r.i-I to lif living.' ' Y011 tlii it best to confr 11 them ?' ' Ves. Min i-1 in'1st nerve herseir tor tlm i itoi'vit;,^ ao»t her H'-aro in i' nee I notli- pr tnicie-l. I .'in rc-nl t'd tint, she MIUII he righted Ht lvt' 'Ad I am anxi..us to bavo the mystery ended.' ' To have her free ' WHS also in bis ihouphts, :'nt wou'd that be brought a'mui ss spc-dlv as the rest? There might be some Icgil complications, and Muriel's -etise of honor and right was both line and delicate. An l iben he sigted g-ifilr. Lore must be content to worship in silence until it could spenk openly without the faintest mis giving. ' At.d now,' said MacdonaM,' will you call at Mrs. ltoseroslt'it with me ? L want your opinion of Mrs. Durant, and t am most anxious to bave you see Mrs. Quinell. If tbe likeness impresses you as strongly ns it did me. I think there can bo no further doubt.' 'But it seems (to improbable (hat a man should wioh to destroy all traces of bis own child.' ' llis jealousy became a mania. 1£« may have intended to restore bar some time, but tbe reparation filled hiin witb bitterness against bis wife. Thar Muriel was honourably born is amply proven from tbe fact of bis whi.fo fortune being left to her.* ' iTes. One could hardly d iubt lliat.' ' I wonder, Louis, whether it would be best l.o excite Muriel over tbis dis covery until the other matter is set tled ?' Bartholdy considered. ' No,' he replied ; ' let u * wait To-morrow and Sunday will be long, restful days for her, and she will require all her strength. But will Mrs. Q.uiacll consent to the delay ?' ' I told ber that Muriel bad been ill and was not in the city, and as she would hardy leave ber mother at this juncture, there will be something to soothe the brief period of waiting.' ' Oh, my friend, to think that you can give Muriel a mother!' Louis ex claimed in a soft, lingeiing tone as if he long.'d to bare so divine a pleasure in bis own hands. [TO BE CONTINUED.J 