Items of News. Trophies of Protection.— A strik- lag illustration of tbe manner in which the conscienceless manufacturer may take ad vantage of the safeguards afforded to his particular industry by oar bcaatifal protec tive m« divpn vp«tori)av tn a nnm. her of Hamilton ciuzeua. Mr. Lyght, who is well known as a travelling advocate for the principles of Freetrade, is at present on a visit to the district, and took the oppor tunity yesterday of showing what preten sions a certain fabric, which is manufac tured in the colony and placed on the market as "flaonel," has to he called by that name. The article in question had been submitted to a simple chemical proc.ss, designed to remove the wool, a task which the chemicals evi dently accomplished very easily, for very little alteration was made in the actual texture of the stuff — the surface ooly had been removed, and the residue was found to be cotton. It appears that this beautifnl material, which of course is sold as " all wool," and is no doubt utilised for a variety of purposes for which flannel has been toned to be so valuable, is in realify princi pally cotton, and what small sprinkling of wool there is in it, is simply " teased" in and not woven in tbe ordinary way. Of coarse, such staffs can be Bold at a low price, or at any rate lower than the im ported article, and the Protectionists triumphantly point to the flannel-making industry as a noble proof of the inestimable virtues of their creed, the while they and their friends and the public generally are being deluded by a clever and not too punctilious manufacturer. The Capital of the Western Distbict." - The great question has . at length been settled by the intervention of a j Melbourne newspaper. Where the Western : district of Victoria begins and what are its proper boundaries, have been open ques tions for years. And the claims of eeveral towns to he considered the most important centre have made themselves heard from time to time. Probably (he point would have remained as unsettled as the matter of the proper site for the Federal Capital, had it not been for the enterprise of the proprietors of the WeeHg Times. A special artist connected with this journal toured the West recently, and his photographs, accompanied by on article, appeared lost week. Hamilton is therein distinctly named as " the capital of the Western District" and "the premier city of tbe Western District." After this little Peddlingtons each as Warmambool will no donbt sink into obscurity, and there will be no farther bickerings on the point. The illustrations alluded to are views of the Public Gardens, the inevitable falls, the College, Hospital and the Cricket dub's pavilion, with the Bohemian and Hamilton teams in front. Road v. Rail. — A great-deal has been written about high railway freights and the consequent danger to the State of losing the revenue derived from the car riage of goods by earners entering into competition with the Railway Department. That this has already taken place as far as this district is concerned is a well-estab- lished fact, large teams arriving here every week from Port Fairy and other places. Another illustration could be seen yester- day when three large furniture vans of Mr. H. Bates, of Coburg, passed through Hamilton, containing furniture from Mel bonrne, their destination being Messrs. Broughton Bros'. WandoEstate, near Caster= ton. With regard to furniture, there is, of coarse, the additional inducement in favour of the road that, by saving the necessity for unloading and re-loading along the route, the goods are less likely to get damaged in transit. Accident to a Child. —About eleven o'clock on Saturday forenoon a little boy named Leslie Mitchell, four years of age, son of Mr. James Mitchell, of Gold smith-street, had a narrow escape, from a terrible death. A friend of the family had called and had tied up his horse, a big powerful draught, in the yard, where it was feeding while its master was in the house The little fellow must have got close to the horse and had possibly annoyed it, for the parents heard a cry, and on running out- side found the child lying on the ground some little distance from the animal, which had evidently kicked him, as the right side of his little face was much bruised and bleeding. He was immediately taken to Dr. Hayes who, on examination found the injuries to the face, though painful, were not of a serious nature, and the only danger to be dreaded was concussion of the brain. We are happy to state that these fears were j not realised, and that the little fellow is progressing favourably. Fire Brigade Sports. - The local Brigade must be congratulated on the grand entries they have received for the principal events at their sports oo the 24th May. From all parte of the colony nomina tions have come, and ban be no doubt that amongst them there are some first-class runners. For the Sheffield Handicap 33 nominations have been received ; for the Hurdle Race, 20 ; and tor the Qaarter-Mile Handicap, 24. Fifteen have entered for the One Mile Bicycle Race. These are the beet entries the Brigade has received for some years, and really good aport should be enjoyed on the 24th. Nominations for the Married Men's Race close next Saturday evening. The handicaps will be published in Thursday's issue. Traffic at the Railway ' Station. —We are indebted to Mr. Malcolm, relieving stationmaster at Hamilton, for the follow! ing returns of the traffic at the local station duriog the month ending 30th April. The revenue derived from passengers amounted to £517 17s 9d ; from goods, £312 le 5d. Horse carriages and dogs brought in an ad ditional £21 5s, while the carriage on par cels, etc., realised £68 10s 4d. There have been only abont 400 efaeep trucked at this station daring tbe past month. Casterton Races. — General entries cloBe for the annual meeting with Mr Thomas Ingpen, the Secretary, this even ing. The handicap events have filled np remarkably well, and Mr. Dakin, with the assistance of recent district form, here aod in Sonth Australia, has made an excellent adjustment of weights. This is sufficient to ensure good fields, and first-class entries are anticipated tot the minor events. Oar correspondent writes that the course is in splendid order, and though the withdrawal of the mid-day train at such a time is to be regretted, still a large attendance is con fidently expected. The Western Stage Company annoonces that a special coach will leave the stables at 6 o'clock on Wed nesday morning for the races. Opening of Christ Church Gim Kasrou. — The gymnasium in connection with Christ Church was opened last night at tbe Parochial Hall with a highly promis ing number of members. It -had been thought advisable to start a junior this year, and fourteen boyB, ranghig horn nine to twelve years of age, were present last evening, wbo were pat ttaroagh virions exercises under the instruction of Mr. H. Westgarth, who expressed himself much pleased with thvir performances. In the senior class thirty-two members have been enrolled at the opening meeting, and many more are expected to join in-tins as well as the former class. The' seniors went through various exercises on the parallel and horizontal bars, Roman rings, trapeze, Indian clubs, single sticks, etc., Messrs. W. C. Bayley and H. Westgarth acting as instructors. This evening the Ladies' Class will be opened, with Miss Nellie Lawn as instructress, and a large number is ex pected to attend. It is intended to give a public exhibition about the end of J uly. To jndge from the eothnsiasm expressed last evening, this year's season of the Christ Church gymnasium promises to be a highly prosperonB one. Connewtrbicoo Items. — A corres pondent writes:— " With the approach of winter foxes have again begun to show themselves. Last winter they seemed to do more good than harm, as they did not meddle much with the lambs, and they are persistent rabbit hunters. If they do not become more numerous than at present, flockowners will hardly be disposed to oon- eider them a scoorge. — The Connewirriooo Football Club will soon be in working order, and we expect to take advantage of the present decrepit state of the once powerful Harrow Club, and sometime this season give them a drubbing.— Mr. M'Mahon'e exhibit of sorghum at the Harrow Flower IShow was much admired, and proves the excellence of the soil on the banks of the Glenelg. The stalks were eleven feet long." Alleged Indecent Assault. — Two boys, about fifteen years of age, named re spectively Donald Riley and Peter Boyle, appeared before Mr. G. R. Rippon, J.P., at the Hamilton Police Court on Saturday, charged with having at Cavendish unlaw- fully and indecently assaulted a little girl, six years of age named Anne Elizabeth Plumbe. Superintendent O'Flaherty prose- cuted for the Crown, Mr. J. B. Westacott appeared for the defence. The boys had been arrested at Cavendish, where the crime is alleged to have been committed. Appli- cation was made to have the youthful prisoners remanded till Friday, 10th May. Mr. O'Flaherty requested to have the bail fixed in a surety of £100, which the counsel for the defence thought was excessive, sug gesting to make it £50. The Bench ulti mately fixed the bail in one surety of £75 for each boy. Cemetery Accounts. — Included in tbe statements of accounts for the year; 1894 relating to public cemeteries, published in the Gazette, are the following belonging to this district:— Dankeld: Receipts, £10 lis 6d ; expenditure, 17s 6d ; credit balance, £9 14s. Sandford: Receipts, £29 16s; expenditure, £15 14s 2d ; credit balance, £14 lslOd. Strathdownie East: Receipts, £3 14s 6d ; expenditure, £1 ; credit balance, £2 14s 6d. Noradjuha : Receipts, £98 13s ; expenditure, £98 13s. Football. — Local players and sup porters of the popular winter game are re minded that the annaal gene-al meeting of members of the Hamilton Football Club will be held at the Grange Hotel on Thnrs day evening next at eight o'clock. The report to be presented shows that the Club had a very successful Beaton last year, only one match being lost; while the balance sheet will disclose the gratifying fact that there is, for the first time in several years, a credit balance. This happy result is mainly dne to the energy and enthusiasm of tbe Hon. Secretary (Mr. Jostlear), who' had to start last year over £4 to the bad, but succeeded in wiping out 'the deficit and establishing a credit balance in its place. The election of officers and other important business will be taken on Thursday night, and in addition the Collins caps," won by tbe team last season, will be presented to the players. A large at tendance is desired.— The Premiership foot ball season opened in Melbonrne on Satur day, when the teams were favoured with pleasant weather, good attendances, and very :hard grounds tor their initial essays with the Sphere. Filzroy and Footscray hod a rough gome it tbe highly-flavoured suburb oo the banks of the Saltwater, aud the nuggefy Fitza. were .the victors by five goals five behinde to three goals nine hnhinde, The other gomes resulted as follow Melboarne, ten goals ten belunds, beat Soath Melbourne, seven goals eight befainds ; Essen don. eight goals seventeen hehinds, beat Richmond, four goals three behfnds ; Geelong, eleven goals eleven behinde, beat North Melbourne, two goals three behinde ; Williams town, Beven goals three behinds, beat St. Hilda, tour goals eight behinds ;' Collingwood, six goals three behinds, beat Port Melbourne, three goals five behinds. Our Chrysanthemums Abroad.— There ra; nojdonbtwbout tbe enthusiasm of tbe growers of the populsr Autumn Bower in Hamilton. Since .their own particular great Show in the Town Hall last mouth, they have been invading every town in tbe colony where the 'moms have been ga'hered together in exhibition, end it is gratifying to note that wherever they have g«ne, Hamiltonians have scored most consistently, and to some coses brilliantly. At the Brighton Show held on Saturday afternoon, Messrs. W. H. Melville, H. S. James and A M'Don-ld were our representatives, and the Argue says " The classes for cut blooms were rendered specially interesting by the presence of col lections exhibited by Mr. H. S. James and Mr. A M'Donald, who brought their ex hibits from Hamilton, in which district they have long been recognised as the most stil- fol Yroweft, notonly rtchrmftthemnins but of (Santa and flowers bmflfc Their col- lecttoo of .18 HtniiLYAitmaSaDinpefahM1 forthe cup,vrononiSlho jcdg« the finest, bat to bad condition through in juries sustained during vtheuLtong journey from flamilton. -The cop .rV ,won ty taking second place." Mr. Melville too» onTflrat, Mr. M'Donald two firsts and two SSteMS »Sa£;. very ardent hortieuItarist, has tested to Hay, in > tha icolony of New Soutb SVales, end there carried off several prizes. Incur report oFtheawxrdaj poearM fay Jowl exhibited! 'at' flteSfariiiambool Show of last week, we did not give foil par ticulars of Mr. Leermonth's lot. He staged io thirteen classes, and took ten firsts and two seconds, a remarkably fine average, and in addition champion Jap, with a good Col. \V. B. Smith. Removal of the Stomach in ScrseRV. — The possibilities of modern aseptio surgery seem well -nigh boundless. It stops at nothing, even daring to remove the greater part of important orgaos whose preservation intact has generally been re garded as necessary to life. Thus, large portions of organB like the brain, liver and longs, and the entire kidney and spleen bave been removed. A recent case in which nearly the whole stomach was removed, to get rid of a malignaut growth, is reported in the Medical Noes (Philadelphia): — ' The newly formed stomach had a capacity cor responding to the volume of a hen's egg. . . . After the third day the patient was able to eat meat,and when dismiss- d, after the lapse of several weeks, she had gained twenty-two pounds in weight, although in the interim she had been at tacked witb pneumonia." The Genesis of Satan. — Satan makes bis first appearance in Jewish literature in the Book of Job. It is now claimed by the best authorities, such as Davidson, Driver, and Cheyne, that this book was written during the time of the Captivity. It would thus not be impossible that t-be writer should have bean influenced by Mazdean thought. Certain phenomena, indeed, at first sight lend plaasibility to the view that Satan was indigenous to Jewish thought. In the first place the name has oo foreign suggestion. In the second place the Satan of Job is not at all Batanic io the later meaning of that term. He is still an angel, or if he he the evil one, he has entered the Jewishthonght disguised as an angel of light. As an angel, he is scep tical, not of righteousness in general, but of the righteousness of certain individuals. This doubt may very well go with a zeal for holiness that would be satisfied with nothing less tbao complete devotion to the highest. In no sense was he a tempter. The wife of Job could bid him "curse God and die," but Satan was only an interested spectator. Snch a being, it might be thought, could be corrupted by later mythology into the Satan of the infernal host, but could hardly be at this time identified with him either by nature or derivation. The Champion Bridegroom. — America produces many champions, but ber latest perhaps is the best effort the United States has been credited with for a very long time. The Hew York correspon dent of a Melbourne paper relates that James Clark, who is sixty years of age, and possesses only one arm, has married 69 wives, most of whom are still alive to tell of the perfidy of the ancient gay deceiver. Clark's modus operandi was to marry any woman who would bave him, young or old, prepossessing or otherwise ; so long ae tbe bride of tbe hour possessed some means the marriage bells rang out, and the happy couple were joined. A brief honeymoon of from 24 to 48 hours ensned in most cases, and then the much-married man ruthlessly fracture! the Bilken strands by tbe simple process of levanting with the lady's jewels and other property. He was not at all particular in the matter of nationality, and at last he aecured a smart newly- landed French woman, who was speedily made Mrs. Clark tbe sixty-eighth. They weDt to Niagara, and the bridegroom left tbe rest a few hours after their arrival, taking everything he could lay his hands on. The French lady at once issued a war rant, which wae smartly executed, but not before the one-armed Adonis had taken unto himself another wife. As soon as the Btory got abroad grass-widowed wives of all shapes, sizes, and ages ; pretty wives, ugly wives, tall wives, short wives, all manner of womankind in fact, turned up to confront the bridegroom like the ghosts of an nnbnried pest. The consequence is that a clean-shaven, one-armed old gentleman with a etruDg cast in one eye languishes in durance vile, and his victims are enjoying a great revenge in the knowledge that he cannot marry any more horrid women. America won :d appear to be a very easy country to get married in. According to the experience of the amorously acquisitive Clark what the matrimonial advertisements -style " mar riageable ladies with moderate means" ap pear to hang cherry ripe by the wayside ready to fall into the conjugal state at a nod from a one-armed swain with an ec centric eye. Perhaps it was the e.,e that " fetched" the ladies, or mayhap the beauti fully simple manner of dissolving the bonds through the Divorce Court, may bave something to do with the readiness of the sex to plunge into wedlock. Twenty lives lie between tbe Emperor of Germany and tbe British throne. Tbe letters of the word astronomers afso form the two words " moon stare re." Nanking is tbe largest walled city in the world. It is at least 2,500 years old. Mail bags can now be taken on and delivered from trains running 60 miles an hour. Oi all tbe reigning sovereigns of tbe earth the Czar of Russia possesses tbe greatest number of titles. Fight hundred and thirty-eight pairs of corsets for men were made by one firm in England last year. The two longest words in the Century dic tionary are palatopharingeolaryngeal " aod " tranesubstanfaationalist." In several European countries butter ie sold by the yard. The rolls are a yard in length, and are sold in sections to suit pur chasers. Messrs. F. Liddi&rd;, T. Gray, W. M 'Donald, D. M'Bain and W. Montgomery are gazetted as managers of the Apsley town common. There is a monster tree growing near Santa Maria de Tnle, Mexico, which is less than 100 feet in height, but is more than 50 feet in diameter. _ It ie notified elsewhere tbat a ateam riding gallery will open on die vacant piece of ground opposite tbe Post-office this (Tuesday) evening. The libraries oi Harvard University con tain the photographs of every graduate at that iuatitntion since 1752, making a gallery of over 26,000 pictures. It is notified that applications for village settlement blocks at Condah Swamp will be considered at Branxbolme on 9th May (Thursday), at 11 o'clock. High- grade microscopes are said to make the human akin appear like a section from a fish— showing thousands of minute scales, each overlapping the others. A recent advertisement in a country Paper reads thus : " For sale — A bull- terrier dog, 2 years old, will eat anything, very fond of childreo. Apply at this office." A tale of fnrniture, including a magnifi- Jtnt grand piano, will be conducted by Messrs. Laidlaw and Fenton at Btanxholme en Thursday next, commencing at 12.30. It is calculated that some 10.000,600 coloured photographs of the queen, the Prince and Princess of Wales are produced annually, and find a ready sale all over the world. According to the report of the Patent and Technical Bureau of Richard Lriders, in Gorlitz, the drawing of teeth by electricity is done very quickly and without much pain to the patient. An important meeting of the Hamilton Branch, C.Y.M.S., will be held tins (Tues day) evening. We have been requested-to mention that the attendance of overy anem- cer is desired. The four members of tiie animal family waiting the greatest variety of members ere the monkey, or four-handed animals, with 61 varieties ; the cat-tribe, 35 ; the dog trike, 57 ; and the rodents, 48. Ladies who kins their dogs are warned by " an authority than Dr. Megnin, of the Paris Academy of Science, that . ibe iittln "oat are one of tbe great agencies in spreading disease, eeperiallyconBumption. It is computed that the ' groat system of «es, of which Superior, Mwdiigaa, « smd Huron form a part, with thex:riyOT <J Ht.' fa wren oe, which flows fromthem,'Ocmtain together half of the fresh -water ofthe globe. - - ... >< \--s-y-:: The oldest living - eubj ect ofQueeiiVic- toria is said to tea tits.' M'taugblin. arf. Lunavaddy, Ireland, tfeetpibp of ThatoerayV famous "Peg." She foaaidhoiie iirivlier, lllth year and tobeinfhUmQsseasionnfwU her facilities. - ' £ '/?> » In -tiie forthnoming AgatrignoitfPle,- ZSSiatip&mMM; tested anabufmarowmmge «3Tii Josbaa. H. Stover, of Staunton, has been eeotenced to the penitentiary for life for fctealing three and a-half pounds of bacon worth thirty-seven and one-half cents. Stiver ia a white man, a carpenter and a confirmed thief. A lapidary In London found a tiny ame thyst imbedded io the vciy centre of a niue carat diamond which he had been employed to cut. There is no record of any such thine having previously happened in tbe history of diamond catting. The chemist Bizouard and printer Lenoir, in Peris, have discovered a chemical process by which wood can be melted and cast like lead, tin, antimony aud other metals. The new produce is neither changed by heat nor by cold and humidity. It will be U6ed by prioteiB and others. The following notices are gazetted Licenses approved: D. M'Lachlan, Tooan ; T. Laidlaw, DoIUd : C. Bourke, Yambuk ; J. Stable, Condah ; E. Cra age, Durong; J. Johnstone and W. Swain, Kentbrnck ; P. Pollaod, Jalluk&r.; Licenses revoked : Susan Virgo, Nangeela ; A. Tucker, Tallageira aod Benayeo ; and R. Parker, Tollyve?. Messrs. 6. It. fiippon, A. Christie, and T. W. Smith, J\P., .presided at tbe Hamilton Police Court on Saturday, and dealt with a case in tvhich Thoa. Brown eonpht- to recover from — Wateon tiie sum of £1 Is id, for goods sold and delivered. Mr. Horwitz for complainant, defendant did not appear. The Bench made an order for the amount claimed, witb 13s costs. 