THE CRITIC. \ By 'Sir Fretful Plagiary.' :-:j 'Who can undaunted brave the Critic's rage ? Or note unmoved his mention in the Critic's page ? Parade his errors to tho public eye, And Mother Grundy's rage defy ? ' ' Ten thousand golden sovereigns He fall twenty fathoms deep where the good ship Catterthun rests. These boxes of specie will be worth fishing for. — ? Sir Frederick Darley is not an uncom promising opponent o£ alien labor. All the cooks at Government House are colored, and hold superior positions to the white servants. Business at the Divorce Court is booming. During tho week Judge Windeyer cut the marriage tethers of some fifty couples, His Honor is as expert at untying the knot as he is at fixing the noose. ' Sammy ' Lees white canvassing The Nepean could not find language sarcastic enough in which to depict the dense stupidity of members of the Legislative CounciL Now he is one of that very crowd. Dr Morgan O'Connor, an old resident of Wagga, N.S,W. and who died last Monday, was a Papal Knight of tho Golden Spur. Among all the residents of W&gga; ' he was the noblest Eomau of them all.' Both the 'Telegraph' and the 'Star' followed Truth's lead in suggesting the advisability of tho exhumation of the bpdy of the late lamented chemist Copp in relation to the Buttler Conspiracy case. The establishment of a Society of Artists in opposition to tbe Art Society, may operate to encourage the development of Art. Also it may not. The new bociety may Bloxsome of the work of members of the old one. ... . The Hailway Commissioners, in their zeal for economy, have retrenched tbe pointsman at tbe Crown and Oxford-streets junction. Their o*n screws must ba eared, so perish the poor pointsman I Chance accidents, but study economy ! Mr Crick drew first blood on Thursday IsbU He conclusively proved, despite the Premier's assurance to the contrary, that the Minister for Mines had openly stated that he sever would vote for the proposed increase in Mr Eddy's salary. D;th Davies in the Legislative Cc-L- icil, Mr. Fegan in the Legislative Asst mbl~; received assurances that the fo:- .'-^^8 has thft cm© of John Johnson (,' *'? idler's unfortunate brother) under conkid*-:£.'ior. The whaling f-varon : : now in vigorous existence at Twoiuid Bsy. and five whalos have alreaoj b^G o%ptured. The whaling season at th*. r-y t Kc formatory. Brush Farm, iB from yeai's cou io year's end, without any holidays. ? 4 ? , At tbe Central Criminal Court ou vVodacs day Acting*Judge Cohen said housebreaking was becoming so frequent that he intended to pass sentences which would act as deterrents. Two attempts to burgle the Premier's resi dence were made last week. Mr Batdekta says, 'Kr Riid is un doubtedly an able man. . . bat it must be csneidered that Mr Reid cannot lire for ever*' Does be mean to suggest that George II. is unlikelr to attain to that 'everlasting life/ which is the reward of all good men ? Followingup ' Back-BloxV suggestion in our last issue, the '- S. M. Herald ' devoted a leader to the new system of shearing by csntracr, now practised in some part6 of North- Western New South Wale?, and ihe change such a system will make in the relations of eheater aud pastoralisU ' The Adelaide Marine Board is holding' .in | enquiry into tbe collision between the Tort . Chalmers and an iceberg. The certifiust* :-? the captain of the berg will pro-'Sbly be I suspended. As tbe steamer was loa.]«d v? to dynamite the wonder is that onou:h of eiikur: boat or 'berg was left to tell tbe si . ' Hcrse^tepms, each waggon following 12 horse?, are still successfully compot/ing between Orange and ovdney, and other bBtwcen Wodonga and Wagga, with 'tS-- best managed railways io the world, iii.' The quotation marks include all tbe sar^m 1 can spare on this matter in this 6pace. ^ I The verdict of insanity, recorded again? i ' Thomas Brown, of Redfcrn, who recently | in consequence of his wife's adulterous j desertion, cut the throats of his three i children, is perhaps the most legitimate and intelligent issue ont of a most painful problem. At all events, tho gallows has been disappointed of one victim atlasU ? » — . Major-General Button expresses indigna tion at the conduct of officers and privates who ventilate their grievances through the Press. Yet, judging by one or two c&Bes; recently dealt with by Military tribunals, if it were not for the newspapers the military would be in a particular way of being iniquitously and autocratically governed. The ** Daily Telegraph ' maVes Pilot Captaio Fawkes say that tbe Cstterthun 6teamer 'rank about four miles to the north meet of Sugarloaf Point.1 That is to say, about two miles inland \ This is incorrcot. The exact spot where the Catterlhun sank is the four-mile snowdrift from tbe top of Mount Kosciusko, near tho Victorian border* John Patrick Morao, 85 years, an old soldier, once Governor Sir John Franklin's orderly (Tasmania), and afterwards a ccuvict | officer, was the other day .hauled away from Albermarle station (near Menindie), as a vagrant, and will probably end his days in a poorhouse or gaoL Such i? the reward of those who elect to 'serve tt-cir Queen And country.' , The leaders of the Female Suffrage League of Ke-7 South Wales could not «do better than start a subscription list in aid of the plucky woman, His, Butler, who almost unaided, and with the 'World Against Her,' success fully vindicated bcr honor and name against one of tbe cruellest conspiracies on record. 'Twould be a graceful act if Lady Windeyer herself headed the list ? $ ? A contemporary ventures the opinion that tbe wreck of the Catterthun may have been caused by 4 an uncertain current.' It may also have been caused by an. explosion of fire* damp, or collision with a derelict. But tbe evidenco goes to show it was can6ed by her striking a rock — very plainly charted and very well-known. There is no room for any 'may-have- been' suggestions in this case- ^ Ministers should ? really rehearse 'ifbeir strenuous denials. The Eddy increase is a case in point : — Mr, G. HEID. ^ ^ lir. SYDNEY SMITE. ^ iCtli Au£u6t, 1835. ? ? . 16th JuIt, 1895. \ I -utterly -lcuy the state- I never bupported llr. ment that I tvus infamous Z idy't increase, and sever enough to allow my col- will vote for it. It will leagues to vote apainst a not be brougnt forward Government proposition, o^ain. There ara men supposed to be in the poli tical know who predict that the present Ministry will not more than live the year out. The Lyne-Crick split in the Opposi tionists, however, a good thing for the Govern ment, who will probably bs at no trouble to attempt to heal the breach. The internal dissensions of the Opposition will do much in the direction of preserving the Ministerial peace. The reckless, many-nibbed ' Outie,' of the 4 Daily Telegraph,' tells gaily of 'men and boys who put phosphorous on their hand* and face?, and gambol round ' corners in th« Suise of ghosts.' I advice that particular ' Outis 1 to try his conceived idea of imitation spookery. If he will put phosphorous on his bands and face, I'll bet that he'll gambol round nli the corners between himself and the nearest plunge of water. Various opinions are being expressed amongst the unemployed at the Ministerial delay in providing the frequently promised * profitable work.' The Premier has doubt less excellent reasons for his dilatoriness. And he is now independent of outside assistance, as he may even fail to keep his promises. In which case about all that can be done will be to leave him to that cftnscieo-ce of which iz is alleged he has 60 plentiful a. lack. The verdict of not gnilty in the -?*«- of Thomas Brown, & lunatic, who murdered his three children at Rcdfern in June, was the only one wnich could havo been arrived at. The man was not morally guilty of musder. the Law cannot reach tnose who are not morally blood-guilty. An actual murderer may at times escape conviction, but 1 a moral homicide cennot even be called to account. Which is a good thing for a lot of people. , ^ ^ Mr. Anderson's seat for Waterloo was saved just in time by the Minister for Justice writing to candidate Anderson prior to the election £to tell liim that the Mount Rennie case .d be re- opened. If justice he ever don' t* 'l.^se wretched boys, one of wbooi at Ir'i-'t ^ . '-olutely innocent of even particip.r :v. alleged erime, it will be not bfv.'L'.i ?' ' . .i.e merits of the case, but becaueo Vmwhv, was wanted for a Freetrade supers* ? ♦'??uld'E. At ti', ;ast Mayoral quarterly reception I baj j ?„»&-:'; to be one of the specially invited and I noticed that two Aldermen at would sot have oifended John 'M-:jhone's fastidious sense with regard to ^ess. They (the aforesaid twain) had uvidentlj not washed themselves for a fort night. B!ear-syed and soil-stained, mustard and cress would have been grown on the nape of their necks, Why does not the Mayor appoint a Municipal Boot Poksber and Ear Keeper? No one has so far satisfactorily explained why ibe Chinese murderers of the missiona ries are called 4 Vegetarians.' All Chinese ijre nearly vegetarians, living as they do almost entirely on rice. One of my corres pondents suggests that tbe^yellow fiends might Vt u.ore aptly described as carnivore. An ori cr puts his opinion thus ^ They call them Vogetarians For it ha3 been proved, alas f Ihat in tbe fiendish Pagan's eyes . All Christian flesh is grass J One point worthy of notice in connection witr the wieckof the Catterthun appears to havi t'&. *]-ed general notice. It will bo Tttafiinbwvd that tho survivors stated tbe boat1- a= th.-v were being lowered broke away from 1 - r ~ * and were smashed against tbe side o ,v Yet the boats recovered were a* , it i' .'air repair, and in one was the body or' «*-. Cni c.itnan. Making all allowance for the f»-\c;f:niGnt of tbe few last moments of the Fc:rM .1 ]-? yet hard to reconcile the story oi- \bc r vi-d with the dumb testimony of tbe coad aj ant of the boat towed in by the Marian M;. yield. During 3 -iii.ir'B row aboard tho ship General -So. at Port Pirie, S.A. (so tbe telegram Jacob Jacobsen was badly cut about iluj U'.nd with an iron belaying pin.' Thc?o wV.r. have handled the weapon bero describe : ; t consider the telegraphed version very tb?nl or Jacabsen'a skull very foiolr, Envy the skull roof of ft spilor stout, Ye lubbers of land whose skulls arc thin ; ' His head was merely ' badly cut about' ^ I .When humoured with a heavy iron pin That, on au eggshell, should have 'etove it j ^ in I1 ! The 'Telegraph 1 is mildly hopeful that the Eeid Administration may do something. It says : ' Unless every appearance is to be belied and every opportunity to be wasted, we may j look for the reign of strong, clean, progressive ; Government as the distinguishing charac teristic of the new Parliament. ? ? The I country has done its part for the Government It now remaiaB for the Government to do 1 their part for the country.' Which may be I taken as a straight tip to Beid and Co. to run I the country on lines to be laid down by the j * D.T.* 'The mandate of the people 1 is from | King-street, and must be obeyed. Great Britain's death duties, declared on personal - estate values for *04, were £18,000.000 below those for '93, and £50,000,000 under thofce for '91, the great Influenza Year. Such an illustration shows, It is understood, 1 'Tis an evil wind that biow6 | Xo one any good. Influenza's influence Is t^ie dirge of scholars, And the Grip's Malevolence Grips the Crown the dollars. | The commencement of a Parliamentary I se?sion sees the average -M.P. up to bis eyes in 'notices of motion.* Messrs. Schey. i Willis, and Price are very active in this respect in formulating schemes intended for I the information of society. The stereotyped ; measures customary to all sessions from the Masters and Servants Act to the Abolition of Tolls on Punts are again trotted forward. Kow, why can't these gentlemen give Blanksby a chance ?? Blanks by has been sent up above in order to regenerate society, and he really should have a show — just to let the country eee what he is made of. __ Twenty-five yearj ago the following .epitaph on Judge Windeyer was written. -Perhaps it is a pity he did not ute it while it was fresh ? I Good Windeyer I so free from sin, So fair without, so pure within ; So good, so gentle, meek and mild, Itore loving than a little child / To faults of others eveT blind, So charitable, maniy, kind ! The chances wero at no time slim That you would join the cherubim; At last translated to the skies, Angelic Windeyer ! what a rise! Once more at an Australian hanging, this time in Maoriland, has the self-possession of a female victim of tbe gallows put to shame the visible cowardice of male malefactors doomed to be neck-broken with all the 1 formalities of tbe law. Mrs. Minnie Dean, the Mrr. Makin of Kew Zealand, was duly j strangulated at Invercargill on Monday last, and, beyond protesting her innocence, and stipulating that 'they1 should not prolong her agony, she betrayed no signs of fear, and few indications of nervousness. Liko her i prototype, Mrs. Makin, ehe dropped into eternity with a stiff upper-lip, and maintained an interesting pose to tbe last moment. Ferguson (who is by the way the braioest member of the Labor Pat(y)- impaled Lyaa very neatly on the horns of a dilemma the other evening. The Opposition leader was i skiting about the colored- labor question, and how we could not consistently let the pro ducts of colored labor in free, and yet keep those laborers out themselves, when tkt | member for Sturt ejaculated — 'Then you will ! will have to te?er your connection with i Great Britain.' 'Mr. Lyne replied 'lam not prepared to sever my connection witb Great Britain,' to which Mr. Ferguson retaliated 'Then you will have to s.ick to the commercial treaties.' Exactly fo ! Sturt there pnt the question in a nuishell. 'I could not keep tbe boy, aud could not get a situation with him,' was part of the confession of a woman who drowned bcr two* year-old baby in Melbourne on Sudday night She took tlie little ' one to tho p^er, tiej^B stone round his waist with a piece of torn from her dress, and. as he was looking down at the water, laughing, she pushed bim in. That i6 all of the story so far. But it is a full-paged protest against the manners and customs of our civilisation. The woman could not keep her offspring, and objected to its being etarred to death. So she drowned it, For the rest of ber days tbe State will have to keep her, and Society will regard her as a murderess. If tbe child had di?d of starvation, who wonld have been to blame ? Xobody, or all hand« ? Some one mu°t be telling tarry-diddles. Who is it ? Don't all epeak at once : — Legislative assembly Legislative Council. 14 August, 1695. * Mr. G. H. HEID wos happy to fay time* every one of tlie gentlemen who hud been appointed to the Council were in absolute uecoril with the Govern ment policy, ilr. Cuick : How «lo you know it ? Mr. RlSID : By personal iuquiry. lie scorned that political dfliuacy wliioli would risk makin? mis takes in appointments to the Council ; aud the most influential gcutlc inaii appointed had been subjected to just ne close uu cxamiution »& the rest. ~ 14 August. 1695. Mr. P. JAGO SMITH desired to dcuy the offen sive imputation that hu hnd beeu appoiutod to that House under any plodpc as to the policy he would support. He wight at least hare cxpectcd that the older members would have given him aud the other uew members credit for being appointor tiudor as honorable couditlous as themselves The Colonial Sugar Kefining Company are either removing, or have romoved, their distillery from Northern New South Wales to Fiji. The company at their island still used, I am told, to turn out about 6000 gallons per week of the best rum in the world. This liquor used to go home in bulk, 60 to fiQup^* and return here in bottles. The BritishePx^ : doing-the bottling business and tn*fc?ng £ fcjg profit in breaking bulk. As the excise 'here ? J§i is as high as the import duty, there wasnothing JJ to be saved by manufacturing a sound local f|| articlo^ for local consumption. In. ' other ^ countries, not fiscally run mad, excise duties ^ are always a little lower than the Custom* on the same line of goods, hence the profits oC- ^ the manufacture are retained locally ; here, however, everything local has to be eacri* ? M fined to bolster up the gre^t importing ring. || The Premier has received various warnings SM lately of the unwisdom of laying up JS treasure upon earth. On election night h& \ig lost his watch and etceteras, and twice during last week burglars have attempted to break -31 through ai.d steal at his lesidence. Georgd will do well to acceDt the intimation, charter a small and unpretentious lodge in tha mountains, and live as far away from the- ^ poverty-stricken population of the city as he ? can. Also sell all that he has and give to ^ the poor, or bnrv hie effects in a hole in tbe -.M earth until the prosperity he has promised is permanent with us. Otherwise, the burglar ' will score off him, and the pickpocket yefc ';gg again get down on his timepiece and trinketv -'jg Society will be delighted to know that the Governor of New South Wales brings with ?&: him an unmarried 6taff of three aides-de-camp ? and an assistant secretary. Of the quartette one is a captain in the 2nd Life Guaros, ? another the second son of an earl, the third a lieutenant iu the 12th Lancers, and the ?' private secretary, aplain * Mr,' 2 o years ofage, and the nephew of Viscount Hampden. -v Matchmaking mammas and money-miking ? papas will have opportunities of swapping Australian gold and girls for English titles, ^ and if ibc:-e four young men escape unmarried .c it will only be because they have been success* * fully angled for by more accomplished fishers with better baited hookt. Anyhow there'are ^ good times ahead for the girls, ' Daily Telegraph ' advertisement, Taea« Ire! day last : — ljl| ' MATRIMONIAL. — Widow, aged J® 4.0, partially deaf, would like to corres- J|§jM spond ? with steady working mans similarly affected; has no means, but would study to make a hc-me comfort- jliaB able. X.F., Leickhardt P.O.'' A widow, partly deaf? What fitufli gff To place at onefs disposal, |Rfi ? 'Tie plain she isn't deaf enough ' ifsj-j To any swain's proposal. We must be hard of hearing, too, : :;§3li And anything but giddy, ' ||jj Before as husbacd we would do '-.jgjSj To wed this charming ' widdy !' 581 No, thank yon, Mistress Deaf; but, 00013, ';v£p We'd marry yoa if vou were dumb! t ' . I am pleased to find one member of the vM!| Ministry is practising economy in the con- rlSf! duct of his department Mr Cook turns off' vjj/ the lights iu the P.O. clocks at 9 o'clock every night, thereby faring £500 a year.^£Os| Yet a eoulless section of the community com-- v plains at the darkness, and clamors for light 'h'* until midnight It is urged by some of the - malcontents that tbe clock was erected that ' th*y might 4 see ' the time, but as the.P.MlG, ^ points out, it 16 enly necessary «.w*ait a J. quarter of an hour to hear it. And, anyhow, :w a man who is notWe whether it is balf-past jjj 'nine or a quarter to ' twelve couldn't tee the facc of the clock even if th'e South Head ' ^ light were flashing behind 'it Mr Cook will - ' furlher economise by employing boy6 to gather ivp and.tra together aU the ends ot .1 6tring now swept into the dirt boxes. This will mean a saving of at least £5 a year. He .1 is evidently the right man in Ihe right place, - fS?' and his progress in the direction of economy will be interestedly regarded, ' ? By the eternal pimpa of old-world slavery ! ? V Who and what manner of reptiles are they-^-^ r that control the sending, the receipt and publication of London cablegrams, to, by ] and in tbe Australian daily news-sheets? . L' Fancy it being thought an iiem of interest ta Australia that — 'Tlie Emperor of Germany joined a , ^ shooting party at Lowifaer Castle yester day. His Majesty shot from a hut specially built for him at che end of a ratine. Eighty beaters were employed J *., to. drive the grcse pa6t this hut, and... three attendants were continually em- fci ployed in ioariiug the guns. Tbe Kaiser made an enormous bag.1 a truly kingly sport — butchery of harmless ^!l 6nd defenceless creatures ! A truly kingly vk. cablegram — for a nascent Republic tc j? remember as an object lescon in grovel and -J?(' pimping! Well might the tragic character : a«k: 'What's Hecuba to him, or be to llecuba ? ' What are Lowther grouse to Aus* tralia, or Australia to Lowther grouse ? $ The ? Daily Telegraph ' is visibly toning down its rampant Beidism, evidently with a vh view to the 'future.' Tbc management of the'D.T.'is all sheer 'business,' and, from I ?. that purely utilitarian point of view, Watkin If. ; Wynne, its managing director (who is accounted a splendid personal acquaintance Vji by hi6 host of friends and admirers), deserves every credit for his phenominal ability iff ? - S| practicallv running his paper to the front in . daily circulation, and thus making it a political power in the land. Bccausc, nine Tenths of newspaper readers accept their . -Si politics already cooked, but never dream of - cooking for themselves. The absence of a % masterful Protectionist daily in Sydnoy is Mi more responsible than any other visible need -ff for the present comparatively unrepresented . ^ state of Protectionism in Parliament. Tbe X'V ' Star * euchred itself, and let in the cause , for defeat — as Truth pointed out at tbe time : that it would do— by barricking for tbe politically odious Legislative Council, thus bracketing, in tbe minds of the unthinking, the Protectionist Party with the Tiolators of public liberty, and giving its opponents a ^ death-dealing lover by which to control the ; l elections r| 