A single tragody near homo liko that of Jano and Jessie Perkins, in South Mel bourne, is sure to oppress the mind with a special horror. And yet it is hut a drop in tho constantly flowing river of suicide, like that of the yontli Lloyd Burdekin, who, at the ago of 22, having, exhausted his in genuity in order to dramatically act a lie iis to tho cause of his death, blew out his brains, seemingly for no other reason than to try and cheat some coroner into return ing a verdict of accidont. At first sight the case of Jane Perkins — wlietlior or not she prove to bo a matricide as well as a suicide — appears to bo wholly piteous. Her letter of upbraiding to her relative is full of self pity and reproof for others, while the noto of supplication addressed to her "Blessed Father, loving " Saviour," is a curious mixture of faitli and fanaticism in one who was clearly conscious that site was about to commit an act that needed " mercy and pardon for the " deed we are about to do." The diseased egotism which had become a part of her character had no condemnation for the course of doe'eption which she had practised on the man who had lent her money. Poverty she suffered, but not starvation, and her miseries wore rather tho creation of that morbidity which led her to self- slaughter than to aught else. In the case of the young man Burdekin, wo find precisely tho predisposing causes without tho same external condi tions. The London student had tho com mand of plenty of money and the comforts that money will buy; but lie had not quite come up to his own notions of success at the university. His letters to his land lady and parents betray an abnormal egotism as to the opinions of others, with a desire that they shall admire to the lost detail hisingenuity in concocting a falsehood to account for his death. It has been remarked in the case of suicides that their expressions of affection arc often most exaggerated towards those on whom they are about' to wreak the cruellest wrong. Lloyd Burdekin's letter to his parcntb may bo rend side by side with that of Jessie Forking to her " Blessed Father" : — " You " and tho mater are the dearest father and " mother man ever had. I love and revere " you both with all my heart." One can easily picture the writer of tins bathos experiencing the acutest consolation in' the fancy pioture of what floods of tearful pity these words would he sure to evoke in the domestic household. In just the same frame of mind he called upon his. land lady to note " the iron nerve" of a man who could coolly plan his own death. The fact is that sympathy is by no means the sentiment with which to regard these abnormalities of the Ego. The age is full of them, and they are the very opposite of all that is brave, generous, bearing and for bearing. AVIiero suicide is not insanity, it is cowardice : — Wlicn all the blandishments of life are cone. The coward sneaks to death, tho brave live on. The statistics of snicido aro more appalling than those of war. Men slay one another in great battles, tens of thousands at a time, . and they manage to gild the gory field with somo ragged semblance of a thing they call glory and for a " Cnnso." It has been estimated that through 3000 years they have got under turf by this means at the rate of 400,000 por annum. AYe havo no statistics of Buicidcs reaching far back into the conturios ; hut at the present timo it is estimated that not fewer than 200,000 single individuals of the human family creep every year out of life into tho dis honored grave of the self-murderer. During the last fifty years it has been computed that 52,000 British soldiers have been killed in actual war, whilo 77,000 of her Majesty's snbjccts perished by their own hand. In France, Germany and Austria the soldiers killed in war, in the same period, numbered 316,000, while those self-slain were 610,000. In Europe there arc now annually recorded 60,000 suicides, and in very many cases of those who die by their own baud the facts are not proved. Some writers say that suicide lias steadily increased during the whole of the present century, and that it is still growing far beyond tho growth of tho population. A curious feature about it is that it seems to cliug pertinaciously to certain geographical areas. Tiio centre of Europe is the paradise of the suicide, and from the north-east of France to the east of Ger many. Mountaineers are little addicted to it ; but in the neighborhood of great rivers the habit is found; diminishing in marshy countries. As to time, June is tho most suicidal month in Europe, and December the least. Another peculiarity has been observed. There are more suicides in tho first ten days of every month than in the last twenty ; and Mondays, Tuesdays and Thursdays are the most suicidal days of the week. . But women are shown to choose bunday as the ravonte day for making their exit. A compilation made a couplo of years since gives tho suicide table of various countries, with the following rato for every 100,000 people : — Saxony, 31. 1 ; Denmark, 25.8 ; Austria, 21.2 ; France, 18.9 ; Ger many, 14.3 ; Prussia, 13.3 ; Victoria, 11.4 ; England, 7.38 ; Italy, 3.7 ; United States, 3.5; ltussia, 2.9; Ireland, 1.7; Spain, 1.4. Another account telis us that Germany, Franco and England are the first, second, and third amongst the suicidal countries of the world, and Spain, Ireland aud Portugal amongst tho least. AVhcn we look for the causes that are hnrrying men and women, and ovon children, out of the world in this im- patient fashion, in spite of tho " dread of 1 " something after death " that is eupposed to maka them pause, we are hoiplass. Some poopla havo Rought for the explana tion in drink, others in poverty, still moro in tho riiilruiul pace of modern exist ence. Tho steam, tho electricity, the groat daily nowspapcrs are Baid to entail greater stress than human nerves can boar, until men break undor tho strain. But that explanation does not covor tlfo ground, Franois Adams is nn oxamplo which might possibly have beon ono of these, lie Bliot himself at 30, in tho pro- senco of his wife, with hor full consant. Ho was very ill, and had lost much blood through hemorrhage. Ho sahl to her — "I'm choking; it is finished." Sho, think ing ho meant tho bleeding had stopped, replied, "Thank God!" He fotchod a revolver and sat on his bed. She said, " Not that, denrio," to whioh he answorcd, " If you lovo mo, you'll let me do it ;" and the wife told the jury, " I lot him do it," and removod his false teeth at his request. She was asked if she could have prevented him killing himself, and said; — " Of conrso " I eonld, but I should have considered " myself a contemptible coward if I hod "done so when tilings were as they wore." This suicido left his own epitaph : — Bury mo with clenched hands, And with oyes open wide, For in storm and sLruggle I lirod, And in struggle and storm I died. But it is not by any means tho poopla who sudor most from tho buffets of outrageous fortune who commit self-despatch. For instance, the lifo of the soldier is ono of rather monotonous routine in times of peace, and yet there are 131 suicides in every 100,000 mon in tho Austrian army, 67 in the German army, 40 in tho Italian, 29 in the French and 20 in the Russian. From those facts it would seem that soldiers are ton times moro givon to self- destruction than civilians arc. As a rule the one primary condition of all' suicides is " AAreariness of lifo," spring ing from a thousand varying causes. Ilnmlot was a typo of all when lie yoarned for his "too, too solid flesh" to melt. At Bologna a hoy of 13 kills himself from unrequited love, and to avoid reproof from his schoolmaster for neglected lessons. " I am therefore obliged to kill myself," he writes. " To my mother, whose tears I "have so often caused to flow, I leave all " my handkerchiefs in order to dry them, " and beg her pardon." There seems to be a trace of humor there ; but cer tainly in. that case there was no overwrought nerves from tho stress of life. Nor could there very well have been in that Dublin boy of 12, who after spending 4s. 6d. in articles entitling him to insurance coupons, went and drowned him self so that his mother might be enriched with his insurance money. Another in stance recently given in the English papers was of a girl of 16, at a picnic, suddenly saying, "I'll do it," and jumping into the river. In her caso she had no battlo of lifo, any mora than had a hoy win) about tho same time, " played a cricket match in " the afternoon, came home in good spirits ; " played tho piano and sang after tea, went " out in a bright and cheerful mood at eight " o'clock," and imitatod tho last act of Judas Iscariot by hanging himself. Indeed, of the 60,000 aunual European recorded suicides, 2000 are those of children between 5 and 15, who have certainly had no time to contract life- wearinass, nor strain of nerves. " The ugliness and monotony " of my life," explains another, had crowded the beauty out of it. " I was not " consulted when I became a sentient " being. Having reached maturity I " object to life. AV ill not have it." Here we see the power of example. Dr. Tanner had a little while beforo killed himself and left a letter say ing—" I am weary .of . tho, world. I was " brought into it without my consent, and " I do not see why I may not leave it " how and when I please." And this was no doubt a plagiarism on the sophistical doctrine of Seneca — "In no matter more " than in death should wo act ac'cord- " ing to our desire. Depart from life as " your impulse leads you. If life pleases " you, live. If not, then you havo a right " to return whcnco you came." But Scncca was a pagan stoical philosopher, and Dr. Carr, next time ho treats of paganism, may perhaps point to the trend of mnch modern thought on tho sub ject of suicido as one of the signs that we aro drifting back into it. Ilow different is all this prate about being " tired of life " to tho breezy frame of mind in which Charles Lamb wrote : — " I caro not to be carried with that tide " that smoothly bears human lifo to "eternity, and reluct at tho inevitable " course of destiny. I am in love " with tliiB green earth, the face " of town and country, the unspcak- " able rural solitudes, and the sweet " security of streets. I would set up my " tabornaelc here. I am content to stand " still at tho ago to which I am arrivod — " to be no younger, no richer, no liand- " somer. I do not want to bo wearied by " age, or drop, like mellow fruit, as thoy " say, into the grave ! Any alteration on " this earth of mine, in diet or in lodging, " puzzles and discomposes me. My house- " hold gods plant a terribly fixed foot, " and are not rooted up without blood. " . . . A new state of being staggers " me. Sun and sky, and breezes, and soli- " tary walks, and- summer holidays, and " the greenness of fields, and the juices of " meats and fishes, and society, and the " cheerful glass, and candle light, and firo- " side conversations, and jests and irony — "do not those things go out with life? " Can a ghost laugh or Bhake his gaunt " sides when you are pleasant with " him ?" What an antithesis between this and " life weariness " I And yet all - this mundane affection of poor Lamb's was expressed while he was watching a homicidal sister ; and it did not prevent him from developing suici dal tendencies. The more wo ponder it, the moro inscrutable becomes the onigma ; but for tho health of socioty it is wise that- law and custom .should frown on this growing habit of self-slaughter, though no frowns are likely to repress a tendency that has its root deep down in the tissues and cells of the antc- natal life. TnE public will observe with satisfaction that theGovornment, in appointing a Board to inquire into the working of die Rail ways, lias adhered to the original intention of relying upon the acntcness of business men rather than upon official experts. Tiie vory eagerness displayed in acortain quarter to got tiie investigation remitted to " experi- " encod railway men" probably defoatcd its purpose. Commissioners solcctcd from the services of the othor colonics could not have divested themselves of all knowledge of weaknesses connected with the adminis tration of their own serviocs, and they would, naturally onougli, have been tender of similar defects in our own system. The best way was to go outside the buroaucratic fold altogether, and remit the inquiry to a commonsenso tribunal. When it is disclosed, for example, as no doubt it will ho, that on certain lines a numbor of virtually empty trains havo been run at great expense, business mon will want to know the reason why, and refuso to be satisfied with the strange motives which dominate the' official mind. Fortuuately tho evidence in tho great libel caso will render the tnsk of the Board comparatively cosy. Tbo'dofocts of our railway systom — greatly modified since that timo, it must bo admitted — were cloarly pointed out, and tho duty of tho Board will be to discover in what respects tho reforms indicated havo not bccu carried out. In the matter of construction tho duties of tho Board havo beon greatly simplified. Our disclosures mado tho continuance of tho old corrupt and extravagant system impossible, Tho saving to tho country is indicated by tho fact that tho moHt recently constructed lino— that from Wychoproof to Sea Lake— cost only £1500 a milo. Mr. Kornot, tho district ongineor, says ho would have beun considered a fit subject for a lunatio asylum had ho six years ago told tho authorities that a thoroughly sound lino, such as this one, could ho constructed for £1500 a mile. Tho supervision of construction has passed into other hands, and probably tho Board will not trouble itself much on that score, but it can hardly escape passing judgment incidentally on the transactions of tho pnst. What lias to bo done now with tho non-payable political lines ? Should they be shut up altogether, or tho facilities curtailed so as to afford a chance of tho small traffic reaching a pay- ablo point ? It has to bo borne in mind that there aro quostiousof public policy involved in tho railway system winch cannot bo ignored. Tho taxpayers of the colony cannot be expected to provide a largo expenditure on the Muddy Creek line, where tho traffic is iufinitesinial, and yet tho opening up of the country is an objoct of importance to the whole com munity. Perhaps tho Board will bo ablo to point out tho limits to which tho non-paying lines may be legiti mately subsidised. What is complained of is that in tho Gillies-Speight era rail ways were made in the most reckless way without the slightest regard to existing or prospective population, and were worked on a system of routine which was quite oblivious of any comparison between expen diture and income. One of the tilings tho Board lias to find out is whether that absurd position lias beon altogether aban doned. The most interesting thing tho Board can toll the public is whethor there are any practical means for making tho railways pay tho cost of working them and tiie interest on the borrowed monoy expended on them. We have been told from timo to time by a section of the Press and a section of Parliament that a much larger revenue could bo obtained by a wholesale reduction of fares and freights. Tho Board will no doulit inquire narrowly into this possibility. The supposition is not supported by what has gone before. When the last Govern ment yielded to clamor, and reduced freights, great part of the savings from retrenchment were at onco swallowed up in tho loss from the reductions, and the deficit accumulated as beforo. We could earnestly desire that in tho present depressed stato of prices for agricultural products they could he carried nt almost a nominal rate, but it would bo useless to do that at a heavy loss if the loss had to bo made up by a tax upon the people who profited by the reduction. This is a problem which the Board will bo expected to investigate carefully, and make its bosb endea vor to solve. Our own view has beon that it is hopeless to expect that the community will permanently acquiesce in an arrangement by which the produce of one class will be carried by rail partially at the cost of other classes. Tiie want of equity in such an arrangement is apparent on its face, and will only recommend itsolf to the people who have no sense of respon sibility, and who have, moreover, an axe of their own to grind. The question should bo approached from another point altogether. What the Board may very naturally and properly inquire is whether the railways aro worked so cheaply ns they might bo, considering the genoral shrink age of values. It is evidenca enough of the gross extravagance of tho Speight regime that the working expenses of the rail ways havo boen largely reduced without causing any roal inconvenicnco to 'the travelling or trading public. Careful inquiry should bo made whethor the cost of working tho railways cannot be so much further reduced as to bring the ex penditure below the incomo. In pursuit of that inquiry it will be necessary to ascer tain whether the railway work is done in a manner as economical ab is consistent witli efficiency and safety. It is generally admitted that in other departments of tho State service the prevalence of red tape causes an expen diture which would not be tolerated by a private firm. We need only point, in con firmation, to tiie revelations recently made in regard to the Post and Telegraph de partment. A Committee of business men detected the shortcomings there nt once. Thoy had no sympathy whatever with the official modes, and reported strongly against their continuance. May we not hope for similar results from the investi gations of a business Committeo in tho Railway department? Such men will be curious to know whether it is true, as stated, that workmen are kept on hand in Melbourne to proceed to Bairnsdalo or Dimboola to do a half-crown repairing job, and whethor said job is subject before and after its completion to inspectorial visits by highly paid officers. AVo really cannot afford nowadays to pay for follies of that kind, and it is the moro cruel that they should bo paid for at all, that tho cost is placed against tho possibility of reducing the freights on farm produce. Gentlemen of astute minds like thoso who have been appointed on the Board will no doubt compare the value of tho supervision witli the number of supervisors, nnd they will moro than cast an eyo on tho Newport national workshop, designed apparently in accordance with tho theories of Louis Blanc.and upon its offshoots in the country. How much of the work done there could not be done by private enterprise, and what iB tiio relative cost of contract work and' work done under the "Government " stroke " ? mere is no end to tho interesting queries which the Board may put. If it goes into details it may ask why a railway official in tho country can only issue a tickot through a pigeon liolo, and why ho cannot issue it nt all until the train is about to start. It would bo useless perhaps to inquire about tho goods classification, since probably no railway man understands it any more than tho people outside the department ; but the Board may very profitably divert its attention for a time to tho organisation of tho department in its highot phases. AVo know what Commis sioners' rule was a few years ago, when the Ciiairman played the rule of Sancho Panza at Barataria; but what is it under the reformed system ? Do the Commissioners gnido the heads of branches, or do the latter guide the Commissioners, and is that the process of government all round ? There is unlimited scopo for inquiry in the Railway department. The Government has secured the services of gentlemen eminently capable of making that inquiry thoroughly, and it is to be hoped that the result will not only redound to tho honor of the Board, but to tho lasting advantage of tho public. 