HORT A Strange Adventure. " Mother, what shall we do?" i «Ab true B8 heaven's sky is above us, Ithoda, I don't know !" Mrs. Gordon trembled and olung to hpr etep-rlaughtGr with convulsive eagerntss. Khoda Btood quite still, and lifted her ficq towards the millions of stars that Fpangled the firmament above. It was a still, fiosty. October night, with a frozen fragrance of dead leaves in the air, and the gibbous moon hung low on the edgei of the horizon, shedding a spectral light on the bleak landscape. Mr. Gordon had oom<= home late from the market that night, jingling the money in his pockets. He had walked into the little winged room, whore & log or two burned on the hearth, and a dip candle oniy made darkneRB visible. Mrs. Goidnn rat by the table darning etockit-gfe, arid U ioda, tilling on a low. wooden stool at her l^nt, was reading aloud to her from a drift of manuscript pages that lay in her lap. " At it again!" said Gordon with an intensity of quiet malice, that pounded in his voice as plainly as it glutc-itd from his eyes. " How many times, I'd like to know, have I forbidden this sort of thing 1 Ah ! I understand. You didn't cxpect me heme until midnight. You was goin' to have it all your own way. Of »H created things, I do hate and despise hypocrites. What have you got to say for yourself, eh ?" Mrs. Gordon uttered nothing: the needle dropped from her hand as if U had been paralysed; she grew deadly pale ; but Ithoda Tali&ntly; spoke up. *• We are doing no harm, father 1" she said. "No harml" shrilly repeated the miser. "But I say you are dcin^ hana. You're wasting my candlen, and disobeying my orders, and fooling away my time, for your time is mine, ain't it? Ar.d it ain't the first time you've done it, nor yet the second 1 Aod 1 ain't going to Etand it, not another minute ! Ckur out I Get out of my house, you two women 1 I've warned you often enough before ! Now I mean to teach you what it means to disobey my commands." " Father 1" cried Rhoda, " yon wouldn't turn us out of doors at this time of night?" " Wouldn't woman 11, I, though 1" grimly retorted tbe 11 notty-featuicd old man. You'il see whether 1 would or not. Go J Step I" As he spoke he held the door wide open. A draft of air rushed through the room and blew out the feeble light of tbe candle. And eo, in tbe sullen, windy dark, the two women came out, to return no more. Bhoda Gordon bad been mist-ruble until her step-mother came to the homestrad. She had longed for kindness, she had hungered for sympathy, she had craved even the merest look or word of notice in that solitary house, where money-makicg was the Moloch whic h swallowed up all else. Mrs. Gordon and her step-daughter had loved each other fondly and tenderly. It was to her stepmother that It'ioda ventured to read the efiusionu of her active and imaginative brain, and Mrs. Gordon listened with eager admiration and loving sympathy, to the utter rage and contempt of the farmer. " Women are made to work,*' said be, , : not to write. I'll put a stop to this sort of nonsense, or I'll know the reason why." And this was the beginning and end of tbe domestic difference which had culminated in euch a sorrowful tragedy. Mr. Gordon came Jwck into the kitobeD, mixed his glass of toddy, and went to bed. " It'il be a good lesson tn 'em," he 6aid. And Mrs. Gordon and Rhoda gazed into escii other's palp, frightened faaes. " Mother, don't look so deadly white," said Bhoda, courageously. " We'll go down to the old blacksmith's shop, and kindle a lire there. That, at least, is my own 1" {The old blacksmith's shop down the road, with the thistle-grown patcb of land in its rear, had been willed to Rhoda'e own mother, and thence had descended to her ; a eorry inheritance, with its roof eaten by mosses and decay, its foundation settling with every wintpr. No one had occupied it for years, for Rhoda's means were insufli- cipnt to make the necessary repairs, and Mr. Gordon had not been slow to d( clare that ; " not a ehiliing of bis should ever be tqnanin patching up that old rat-hole !") '•Let it tumble down," said he; "and then sell the land at auction, for what it'll fetch. That's the only thing to do with the I property." Dreamy as the spot wa?, however, it at ' least ailorded a shelter from the chill and j damp of the night; and E'loda was beaTtily j glad when she had kindled a blaze of dry sticks on the large, unused hearth, so that Mrs. Gordon could warm her marble-cold hands. "Look, mother 1" she cried, fondly crushing tbe frozen dew itom Mrs. Gordon's hair; the old place is quite comfortable, now thst we have managed to get the door shut. Isn't it funny, the idea of a little chestnut tree growing right across the threshold? It seemed almost wicked to break tho branches away, as I was forced to do ! And by and by I'll spread my shawl over the dead leaves in the oorner, and—Oh, what's that?" It was very strange they had not seen it | before, yet it certainly must have been there 1 nil the time, the figure of & little, old man, \- n. 11 in butternut brown, sitting by the fire. He was dressed in a quaint, old-fashioned style, with knee-breeches, and a queue down his back, and was holding his hands over i the blazs with a sort of ravenous eagerness for tbe warmth. lie was so little, and so pale, and bis teeth chattered so in his shrivelled head, that Rhoda's momentary in dignation died away at once. "I hope I don't intrude," Raid the little old man, with the deprecating falsetto of aire. " But it's cold, very cold, and I haven't ! seen a f fire here 1 before in - a _ quarter i of . a century." Bhoda looked hard at him. "Do you live near here, sir?" she asked. The little old man nodded, «• Very near," said he. " I used to know yonr Grandfather Grupp. A hard-working man he was, and the best hand at a horseshoe in the country round. Ah, yes 1 I knew him 1" Mrs. Gordon puiled Rhoda's sleeve surreptitiously. " I think the poor, old creature is a little craay," said she. •« But let him stay, let htm stay and warm himself. He can do no harm to any one, poor, half-famished soul!" And still the Man in Brown talked steadily on, his hands spread out over the lire. "Did he ever tell you about the brick?" said be, "the brick tbat was buried under this very hearthstone! Not a clay brick, | j i i | ! j j my iwar, but a brick of gold 1 Not a great, big thins, such as they put in the angle of a house, cither, but a little, genteel sort of a brick, that it would make a miser's heart leap within him to handle. It was your Grandfather Grupp's whim. He was a peculiar old man, a very peculiar old man. Eh? did he ever tell you about the brick?" "I never saw him, eir," Baid Ehoda, timidly. ; " Ah, true, very true," said the little old ! man. " You can't always keep track of I time. And it was a dead seoret about the jbrick between him and me. Ho had made a fgreat deal more money than folks had any .idea cf, and that was his way ot taking care jof it. Of oourse, I may depend upon you ;not to mention it ?" ' "I don't understand you,sir," said Bhoda, .her veins chilled with a certain awe, and, in the same moment, the Man in Brown looked '»t a tarnished little silver watch which hung *t his eide. " It's late," eaid he,«' later tnan I had an j idea of. Good eveiiDg, ladies, I hope 1 Jiaven't intruded ! Good evening P It was late the next morninc when Mrs. Gordon and Riioda knocked at Mr. Giddings' door, and told their tale. The old man, thg utarest neignoor <.0 uio deserted lorge, turned pale. "It's Ben Haverstraw!" said he. " Old Ben Haveretraw, who has been dead and buried in the little churchyard back of the forpe these forty years! He need to play caiua with your Grandfather Grupp, Miss Jihody, many s night, after tbe forge was shut up. and folks supposed everybody was abed and asleep. My father has described him to me many a time, an odd little man, in brown cloihes, with black silk stockings and hriee brrtebne, a queue hanging down his hack, and a braid of seals at hi* fob. Folks „„;,,,„„,. , ... .. p .. „ „ 1 Haid he was in league with tbe Evil One. He „ , . . . - ,, .. waan c a good associate for you> Grandfather | Gtupp, aujhow. Yes, yes ! He's - been dead - - lull forty years, and maybe longer." i ' !5ut that is nonsense?" cried Rhoda. j ' It wan no ghost that we saw. it was a iittir, old lashioned traveller, who was cold uud t ired, and came in for a little rest.' "Itidyou see him come in?" demanded Mr. Giddirg. Na," answered Ithoda. " Did you see him go out ?" And again E'loda and her mother were compelled to answer in the negative. He was gone. That was all they knew about it. " Ab 1" said neighbor Gidding. " I thought so. S'pose we just call my Bon Abram and the hired man, with & crow-bar or so, and pry up thst there old hearthstone I P'rhaps it won't do no good. Certainly, it won't do no harm 1" They pried up the sunken, old stone, ana there, under the corner,was a tarnished brick, of qold—of solid gold, welded together as only a chilled workman in metals could have weidtd it 1 All this happened years ago. A handsome, modern residence now etanrs whsre once the forge-lights gleamed sullenly out upon tbe nignt, and Bhoda Gordon—married to Alvsn Gidding—lives there with her stepmother. Farmer Gordon would fain have patched up a piece when his daughter btoime so unexpectedly an heiress, but linoda absolutely declined a treaty of any sort, whatsoever. " Mother and I suit each other," she said. " We never have suited you. Things are better as they are." Bat to this day, the wiseacres oE the neighborhood can never agree about the Little Man in Brown. The idealists set the whole thing down as a well-authenticated ghost story. The practical members of eocitty call it a dream, a fancy, a mere fig. ment of the imagination, oddly pieoed on to a forgotten story. Ithoda and her mother, themselves, do not know what to think. And j tourists oiten leave the train at Grupp'e i Forge station, and come across the fields to | look at the Euaken tombstone which vhir.h marks ! the last resting-place of Captain Benjamin Haverstraw, who died June 8,1630, and hie friwnd, Heber Grupp, buried close at his side. •' It's very strange," they say. Very strange, indeed ! Haally, there is no acoount^ ing for such things." The wise prove, and the foolish confess by their conduct that a life of employment is the only lifs worth leading.—Paley. Keep up hope in bad times. We have the same sun and sky and stars ; tbe same God and heaven and truth: the same duties and the same helpers. Hope thou in Ood.— Dr. Goodell. " The chief secret of comfort lies in not enfiering trifles to vex us, and in prudently cultivating our undergrowth of Bmall pleasures, since very few great ones, alas I are let on long leases. 