Tlie l crribte •• M alia" •; Grime- stained, as it is to-day, and ghastly with murder every step of its tortuous secret career, the " Mafia" of Italy sprang into being fro^i ah inspiration of patriotism,. but its very birth was heralded by a litigation of blood. The " Mafia *' society is over six huhdred years old, having its origin at the revolt of Palmero, which took place during an Easter ceremonial in the suburbs of that city , in the year 1282\. A beautiful 3 r oung girl and betrothed, in accordance with the quaint and primitive customs of that people, approached the Church of the Holy Ghost to be united in marriage: at its altar, and while the lover sought the padre in the little room at the rear of the building bis bride paused at the threshold. As she stood there, a 'drunken sergeant of the French garrison, named l)ru«t, strode up behind her, threw his arm about her waist, and kissed her. With a cry of horror she tore herself from his grasp and turned to fly, but the heel of her slipper caught in ihe coping of the stone pavement and she fell, striking her heap against a sharp projection of the cornice. At that instant the returning lover's eyes fell upon her prostrate form, and with the savage fury of a wild beast he threw himself upon Druet, bore hiui to the ground and drove his stiletto to the wretch's heart, crying " Morte alia Francia !" (Death to the French). There was a moment's pause of silence, and then that maddened cry became the. roar of infuriated thousands. It swelled and deepened ; it took more solemn meaning—became nationalised—and then burst forth : " Morte alia Francia Italia anelvu ! " (Death to the French is lta;y's cry.) For seventy-two hours armed bands, headed by the father and betrothed of the hapless girl humed down the French. But retribution was lo come after this carnival of blood, and in dread of the vengeance of the French nation thtse uutiappy people formed themselves into secret organisations with the password and name of the society made up of the initial letter.-? of the words which compose that fateful death-cry, thus forming " Mafia." Its object was resistance to opression, and as the lapse of years added to its power and influence it stretched forth its hands against the rich and mighty in behalf of the poor and town-trodden. To-day it is but the hideous clbak of the assassin of the uigiu- .—Exchange. 