EXHIBITION THEATRE. 'LIFE FOR LIFE." The thrilling. drama " Life for Life " was produced at the Exhibition Theatre last evening, and the author and his talented company mot with an enthn siastic reception. The ' scenes of the drama, laid in New Zealand, were descrip. five of life on the goldfields, and the plot was very powerfully constructed, the five acts in which it is worked out being interwoven with incidents of the most sensational character. The author with commendable gallantry has made a female charactertlio central figure in the drama, and ' ennobled it with womanly • attributes which irresistibly appeal to tho sympathies of the audience. She is the daughter of Giles Gower, dispenser of the Dunedin Hospital, who plots with Dr. Cromby, the head medical officer, to poison an old miser, named John Earnes, possessed of £2000 in notes. The .fatal draught is innocently ad ministered by Dr. Montrose, a sub ordinate officer, to whom the miser had previously entrusted his money with directions as to its disposal. Thus tho conspirators are baffled of their object, but Croiuby, who is Dr Montrose's rival for tlio hand of Isabel Gower, fastens the crime upon his assistant. The latter is_ twice arraigned . for murder, the jury disagreeing,. and, .while awaiting a third trial, escupos through the assistance of Samuel Soutar, a pressman with all the Bohemian propensities of his fraternity. Isabel : Gower, whose love had been pledged to .Dr Montrose, is forced by stress of circumstances to marry Cromby, who had her father in bis power, but she determines to live apart from him. Re moving to the Hokitiki goldfields she meets Montrose, who, unsuccessfully, endeavors to induce hor to fly with him from New Zealand; pleading that a3 her marriage was, one in form only, she 'was at liberty to disregard her vows. Cromby makes his appearance on the scene and tries to effect the re-arrest of Montrose for whom a reward is offered, but the ubiquitous journalist joins the group at the thrilling moment and thwarts Cromby. The dumb twin brother of tho dead miser makes his appearance in the next scene, and is met by old Gower, who had become a slavo to drink in order to drown remorse. In his delirium he takes the dumb man to he the ghost of the dead miser, nnd, in tho hearing of his daughter, confesses the crime for which he aod Cromby had been guilty. Meantime Montrose is re captured, aiid while being taken to Cbristchurch in company with Cromby, who was arrested for a cowardly assault upon his wife, is. again set at liberty through tho agency of his journalistic friend, the scene in which he rides away ou horseback behind his old love, being One of the most stirring in tho drama. On his death bed old Gower makes a duly attested confession which clears Montrose and Cromby meets with the fute he deserves while/ attempting to escape from' a burning house in which his wife had been , left to perish. Mr Geo. Darrell took the part of Soutar, which he played with such splendid effect that the audience were with him from the jump. Miss Harrie Ireland, whose acting carried the house by stonn, gave a faultless interpretation of the part of Isabel Gower.. The rule which she assumed was one that gave unlimited scope for. the display of histrionic powers, being that of a noble woman mated to a scoundrel who, she was aware, had prompted her father to a murder for which the man she really loved w as uujustly accused. She acquitted herself with fine dramatic effect, the scone in which she rejected love and happiness rather than he" untrue to her marriage vows being one of intense pathos. The part of Giles Gower, taken by Mr Edwin Kelly, could'.not have been better placed, the remorseful reflections of the old dispenser being expressed with powerful effect, and the death-bed scone was -witnessed by the audience with bated breath. The character of Dr Cromby was presented by Mr Collet Dobson in the callous light that might have been expected, and a particularly meritorious rendering of the part of Dr Montroso was given by Mr J. A. Atlielwood. The comedy of the picoo, of which there is a generous vein, was largoly supplied by Mr F. Cambourne. iii the part of Dave Stoyles, and by Miss Marion Medway, as Maggie O'Shannassy. Miss Lillie Bryer made a very charming Lilian Gower, and the other characters, of which there were a great number, iucluding detectives, police, bushrangers and diggers, wore well cast. The play was mounted with elaborate attention to detail, the stage pictures, including the flight on horse back, and the lynching, being of a stirring character.' This evening the company will mako its farewell appearance in the stirring Australian drama "The; Sunny South." 