Meat Food for Ncrvons People. Ponx is good for nervous persons, but is not easily digested. -Wild gamo is excellent. Fish is good for nervous people. Eggs bailed just enough to harden tbe white are easily, digested. It is a mistake about people eating too much. The majority do not eat enough. Nervous dyspepsia comes from working too hard and not eating enough. When a man I begins to suffer from overwork he should eat plenty of good bread and buttor, drink two quarts ot milk a day, and oat plenty of good meat. When suoh a person resorts to a vegetable diet ho grows weaker and losos his norvs power. At a meeting of tho Anthropologioal Insti tute, Mr. James G. Frasor read a paper on " Certain Burial Customs, an illustrative of tho Primitive Theory of the Soul." Tho Romans had a custom that when a man who nad been reported to have died abroad "re turned home alive, he should enter his house, not by tho door, but over the roef. This onstom (whioh is still observed in Persia) owed its origin to certain primitive beliefs and oustoms with regard to the dead. Tho ghost of on uoburied man was supposed to haunt atid molest the living, especially his relatives. Hcnco the importance attached to tho burial of the dead, and various precautions were takon that the ghost should not return. When tho body ot a dead man could not be fonnd, he was buried in effmv. and this fictitions burial was held to be sufficient to lay tbo wandering gbost, for it is n prinoiplo of primitivo thought that what is dona to the effigy of 0 man in dono to the man himself. Tho Director read a paper by Admiral F. S. Tremlott, on tbo " Sculptured Dolmens of the Morbihan" (North-west Franco.) About 80 Boalptarcs bad beon found, invariably on the interior Burfnoos of tbo cap-stones and tbeir supports. It is remarkable thut they aro con fined within a distenco of about 12 miles, and arc all situated near tbo sea-coast, beyond which, although the megaliths are numerous, there is a complete abstmca of soulpturcs. Tho soulptores vary in intricacy, from simple wave-lines and cap- markings, to some that havo beon compared to the tattooing ol the New Zeaumdcrs,— KnouUdgs, Tgseo hnvo about as bsrd times as the rest of us for their trunks are often seized for' i,r.«r.i " Jennie's favoaitb.— h What aro your , dollio's namies, Jennie?". - 1 ; " Jonnio, Jonnie/ andJbrimo/' i'oturnod . Jonnio. . ' "But why have you called s thomv all . Jonnio?"- :... '. i- t'tit':. i.-i; ; Ai'iiAiE-t' , " I've named thorn after my favorito littlo - girl." " Indeed i Who is sho?" , . r "I'pt'har" ' ' 