Brisbane Notes. rsbu OOH OWN coeilelll'ondhn'I.) At last wo are gotting magnificent growing woathor, and' tho moro prolific grasses haro already shot inohos into tho the air. All this is mainly duo to Sloro, Tuordo, and Uk. Who would liaro ox- pootea anyrning gracious irom inuuenoos 0 ungraoofully baptisod P Jh' overtholcss, Uk especially has boeu everything wo could desire, and a groat deal moro than . Mr. Wraggo oxpoetod. This morning ho speaks o£ the departure to romoto lati tudes of our bonofactor, and tho conse quent prevalence of dry weather for a few. days until Fort gets into position. And yot it does not scorn a whit inclinod to be fine, and the atmosphere looking as chokeful of oleotrical disturbance as ovor it was. Wo can do with it all. Tho long pell of dry weather has given as a big jigetUe for rain. Tho Dean caso does not excite us so much as tho Syduoyitos, but it elioits phenomena highly interesting to studonts of psychology. You find evory Socialist believing Meagher and roviliag Salomons. Why P. J hat is the ethically valuable part of the story. Because Salomons' Torsion wonld favor Windevcr. and Windeyer muBt not bo favored, bcoauso (1) ho hanged the Mount itennio ravishors ; (2) the Sydney Bulletin still . denounces him for it; and (3) tho Bulle tin ie on the side of the Socialists. So fearfal and wonderful is tho ratiooinetive process— of a Labor man. For myself, (king it for granted tho woman was poisoned— and ns everybody engaged in he trial looks upon this as established, it must be taken for granted, despite the weighty authority of the editor of the Brisbane Telegraph— if there was poison ing, then, tho idea that tho woman poisoned f" herself, so thoroughly and repeatedly as the evidence reveals, Blways soomod Bhsard.if not humbugging, umaizar, Legislation has at last been initiated to wipe off the slate that enrious blander, the Sooialiat experiment known coloqui- ally as co-operative groupism. . High time, too; yon will probably say. And so it is morally. I don't know wbotber it is ao, politically. Tho Socialists-in-oar- time wonld have raised Cain if the prooi- ons thing had been rubbed out while tho ghost' of a' shadow of its succffis remained. Even now, after'lt has bcpru-!j,y5('l».|. for. months for burtaj, and is only gating the air and oansing dxpensu for disinfec tants, Mr. Drake and tho Corner nro going to fight tooth and toenail for some more of it— anothor £20,000 or so to keep the darling object aboveground. As you \- . will see, the Government proposal involves not only a gift of tho land, but a bonus of of another £1000. Bat as tho land will be subdivided among thoso who remain, thore will be et length some inducement .for those people to do othor work than electing secretaries and calling upon the Government to keep thorn from starving. No farther purchases (besides tho three blocks on the Darling Downs,' as an nounced some timo ago) have yot been made nnder tho Land Bepurohases Act, although tkbro have been offers from ever so many districts. Upon inspection nono of these proved suitable, andthe Minister was advised not to purchaso. Many hon. members are none the loss savage, as they always think everybody, more particularly \- their- own. constituents, should kavo a share in what is going, and it is remark able what a lot of districts turn ont tho best forming ones in the colony. It would appear that Queensland is rich in fir.t- class cultivable soil beyond tbo most anguine expectations, Now that tho drought is broken up, and there is every appearance of anothor excellent season, the prospects of the country surely never looked better than . ' to-day. The Treasury returns show a revenue advancing at a rato that Jeavos the most optimistic forecasts in the ' . distance. MrJNolBon always prudently discourages extravagance by keeping his estimntos well within tho mark ; but oven he could not have anticipated the elasticity experienced Binco the "corner" wob ' turned. 'Tho result has turned the- flank of the other "corner," that is, all .the ', — ' brainy portion of it. Tho lcador himself only shouts tho moro vekomently " Cruoifv him I oruoify him !" and give Us Barabbas"— or words to that effect. Tho Now "Woman, tho Ohristinn Woman, and a lot more of her, have ' been wiped ont by the advent of the eoulfal CountcBs of Waohtmcister. Tho Theosophical Woman is tho rago now. Tbo heapless " tyrant," and " drunkard," . and " atheist" are promised a spell, . while missionary fominality go. shunting Mnhatmas and astral bodies. ino Countess has proved an enormous social success — successful boyond even what bar illustrious rank would cuarantco her, in a community so republican as Bris bane. The faot is, there iB a lot in her, he believes in her mission, and look'nthe port to perfection. Looking intp/-&%se . jsoulfnl eyos, you cauimsfiSe; the dear old ' lady holding conmrtrflion with influences beyond tho common kon, and decidedly gaod'infiueneeB too. Since that reviow of the. Land Board decision- by' the Supremo Court, Messrs, Sword and Tulloy are not adhering to their old rule of raising the rent for tho second period, irrespootivo of every consideration except that it is tbo second period. Thoy have ovon reviewed their own Idooision in tho Hurulgoonia case, and reduced tho rent by 2s 'id por mile. This iB onc'of tho biggost sheep walks in . Queensland, there being something like 400,000 sheep oa it. It has proved a dead loss to tho presont holders, as most pastoral property has done of into years. Now, however, with a rise of 20 por ,oont. . in marino wool, thcro should soon bo another tale to tell The 20 per cent will make all tho difference. This rise is amongst the chief features qf the pleasing phase ' of Queensland prospects at present. It ia cheering to hear Bundaborg is establishing a butter factory on a large eonle. It is never advisable to beep all . the eggs in one basket, and there are special dangers in connection with tho sugar basket that should not bo ignored. 6bould it even prpvo.desirahlc to go ant of sugar, it wore woll to have tho way out, ready. As a dairying district, yours Id hatever may bo tho vaiuo of tho work done — and it seems up to the Parliamentary overage, which is, certain ly, not saying much— tho attendances of our representatives have been most ex emplary of late- Yesterday the absentees numbered 8, the day before only S, and even to-day, off-day as Friday is, tho , House is fairly full. Hot quite so full now, beoauso that somowhat inarticulate but nono tho Icsb great— in the labor scale— financial authority, Mr Cross has been Bpenking for flvo minutes, oommondiug to tho Houso his limitation to Soourity Bill. It is a strange thing some men cannot seo further than their Bases, oven when thoy aro of the shortost hhd fattest. When tho Attorney- General roso to reply, it impressed ono as If It Were tho requisitioning of a 100-ton gun to silenco » pea-riflo. Tho timo taken Up ih tho dobate will not bo a shoe, waste, ttajs tbo fact in tho caso of so many fads originating from tho sourco of tho social reoonstruotors." Tho spoochos of . authorities like Messrs. Byrnes, Barlow, \- Dickson, should prove educative. This bill, by tho by, was introduced last session, and discharged from tho business paper with a view to facilitate tho measures being taken to reduplicate tho screw. Suoh ia tho patriotism of tlto goauino labor man, 