WINTON. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] Another hot dry week. As the annual races are to he held next Saturday and Monday, it would be a pity now if it did not keep fine for a few days longer. The various privileges (booths, yard, and gate) were put up for auction to-day, and realised good prizes. The Lyle Dramatic Company arrived from Longreach by to-day's coach, and Harris's Young Australian circus came in from Cloncurry way this forenoon, so we will have plenty of amusements besides racing. Mr. Steele's sweep on the Melbourne Cup, which, however, is but the ghost of its former self, no doubt by reason of Mr. Steele's health being so very bad lately, was drawn the other day, and the winners turned up in Messrs. Dunn and Doyle, Kynuna, £49 4s.; Messrs. Conway and Buckley, Fermoy, £24 12s.; and Mrs. Black, Boulia, £17 4s. Mr. P. Rogan passed through the other day wito 750 splendid fat bullocks from Fort Constantial (Cloncurry) for Barcaldine, to be trucked thence to Lake's Creek. Mr. Sutton passed in charge of 20,000 wethers from Dagworth for Camoola Park, a fine lot of sheep. A mob of 500 head of fat bullocks ; passed bound for the Sydney market on the 3rd instant, Mr. G. N. Griffiths, owners, Mr. J. Maiden in charge. On the same day 450 Warenda fat bullocks passed for Towns ville there to be frozen for the London market. A mob of 28,000 sheep for Elderslie from the south passed through the reserve yesterday. The annual revision of the electoral roll was made at the Court House on Wednesday, The principal part of the work was gone through, and then to enable a few inquiries to be made the Court was adjourned for a week. The relieving Police Magistrate is acting as electoral registrar and he had everything in apple pie order for the revising justices Messrs. A. A. Thomson (chairman) and E. J. Balfe J.J.P. The number of electors on the roll of the Winton division of the Gregory electorate last year was 241. The quarterly additions were as follows:— April 8, July 14, October 43—making a total on the roll of 306. From this there were struck out at the Rovision Court.—Dead, 3 ; left, 30 ; disqualified, 3 ; duplicated, 1 ;— leaving 269. The number on the Supplemen tary Annual list is 39 which makes the total 308. Before the revision business was taken up the Court heard a fowl stealing case, and also an ordinary petty larceny case. The prisoners in each case were remanded, and on the following day the fowl stealers were con victed and let off with a small fine. Mr. W. H. Corfield, M.L.A., announces his intention of again wooing the suffrages of the electors. Winton, 7th November, 1895. 