THE PROPOSED HOSPITAL BALL. To tiie Editor of the Hamilton Spectator.) Sir,— Yoar two correspondents, "Presbyterian " and " Another Presbyterian," have very materially strengthened the position I have taken up re the nn- scripton! and pernicious natnre of promiscuous dancing. In my first letter, which appeared in your ishuc flit urejowi iiiBMuwi, jruurnaaere vyui reuieuiuu that I gave three d asses of scripture texts referring to dancing 1. Tbose which make mention of dan- dug as a part of religions worship. 2. Those which in figurative language express a man's feelings when brought out of sorrow or- sickness. 3. Passages which are descriptive of-sxnfol dancing. From the passages above referred to three inferences were drawn. X. That the dancing permitted by God was a part of religious worship under the Old Testament dispensation. 2. That this dancing was not prac tised by tbe sexes together, which is the main element in the evil of promiscuous danciagr. 8\. That when dancing is mentioned in Scripture as an amusement, the circum stances connected with R conclusively prove its sinful nature. Tour readers will thus see that I have based my arguments on the authority of the Divine word, deducing therefrom the only in- ferences which can be logically drawn. Not one of my opponents has even ventured to show the fallacy of my reasoning, or the incorrectness of my con clusions. Sorely among the able theologians on the other side, there are men of such keen logical acumen as to be able to demolish my arguments if unsound with their logic chopper without the slightest difficulty. This, however, has not been at tempted, for abuse is not axgnment. The fact that my opponents have descended to use these carnal weapons, is a proof of the Inn tenable nature of their position, not to speak of the lack of that gentle manly disposition whioh ia the unfailing mark of a true -Christian. In roy last I challenged any one to disprove my arguments, drawn from the divine word on this subject. The silence of my opponents reminds me of a Scotch divine, who in commenting upon a portion of Scripture, verse after verse, at length came to one more difficult to ex pound than the former, whereupon the canny divine said to his audience, This is a very difficult passage, my friends, all the commentatcors have allowed it to be a very difficult passage, but, my friends, let us look it ooldly in the face and pass on to the next" Tbe saying of the great English poet, iim .L : ..4i»«L.ll ...IIW ia sink. 11UU1 U pvweuuii «UU It auau (UCIWH IB dm»- ingiy illustrated on this occasion. Tour correspon dent "Presbyterian denies that Presbyterian ! mtTiiBijmi aoa office-bearers sre sworn at their ordination and induction. That is not true, as will be clearly seen from the nature of an oath, whioh is simply upon God to witness certain state- ments, irrespective of the form employed. Presby terian ministers at their ordination and induction answer certain questions as iQ the presence of the Almighty and the congregation— the final one being, « And all these things you profess and promise, through grace, as you shall be answerable at the coming of tbe Xiord Jesus Christ ?" Is not this an oath ? The Presbyterian Church from 'time im memorial, in all have defined the ordination vows. As 4 swearing, or "taking an oath," not withstanding the unproved assertion of " Presby terian. "Presbyterian," and "Another Presby terian," are elated at their imaginary triumph over me by the inadvertent omission of the qualifying term " lascivious' in my quotation from the 139th question of the Larger Catechism, " The triumph of the wicked is short,' says the Supreme authority referred to in the beginning of this letter, and bo it will be in the case of my opponents. Those apologists for balls are forced to admit, for it is self evident, apart from tbe standards of the church, that lascivious dancings are a breach of the seventh command ment. According to my interpretation of scripture, the rebutting of which has not been even attempted. Lascivious dancing does not consist in dancing as a part of Divine worship, nor in the figurative signifi cation of tbe term. It must therefore consist in promiscuous dancing, or the sexes dancing to gether. If this be not 80, let my opponents clearly define what the larger catechism means by its pro hibition of " lascivious dancings" as involving a breach of the seventh -commandment. Personally, I will be very thankful for more light on this sub ject. Surely those possessing tins knowledge will not 44 hide their light under a bushel, The two letters which appeared in last Saturday's issue re mind me of a party in the Church of Scotland, prior to the disruption in 1S43. They were called " Moderates." The other party were 'known by the term, "The evangelical party." "The Moderates " were in many instances spiritually dead— in other words, were unconverted men, to whom the hungry sheep looked up and were not fed. They opposed almost every forward move ment. The evangelical party, on tbe other hand, were men of God, who oared for the flock, and who like the apostle u determined not to know anything among the people save Jesus Christ and Him cruci fied." Some of the Moderate " ministers, con trary to their ordlnatiou vows, openly showed their approbation of balls. The evangelical party strongly condemned " promiscuous dancing." The spiritual disastrous effects of the teaching and ex ample of the Moderates will be seen from the following story Robert Bams, the cele brated Scotch poet, when very young, was awakened to a concern about his soul. He opened his case to a M Moderate minister, who being spiritually .dead himgrff, was unable to understand his trouble, or point him to the only remedy. His advice was to seek peace and consola tion in the diversities of the dance. He took the fatal step, and we know the sad results ! Had not our national poet great cause to write of suoh " moderates" in tbe following terms " Tbey take religion in their mouth ; They talk o' meroy, grace and truth, For what ? to gie their malice akouth, On some pair wight and ruth And hunt him down, o'er night To ruin straight" Among the evangelical party were such men as Dr. Thomson of St George's Church, Edinburgh, Dr. Welsh, Dr Candlisb, Dr. Chalmers, the saintly Mr. Bobeit Murray, Mr. Cbeyne, o! Dundee, my own namesake, Dr. HDonald, the Apostle of the North, and a host of others. AU those in the pnlpit, and out of ft maintained by their voice, pen, and praotice that 41 promiscuous dancing" was sinful, Dr. fiandHtth, oa one occasion, passing the i house of one of his elders (he must have been a moderate " of the moderates, who got 1 into the sheep fold of the Free Church not through the 4t door bnt by 44 some other way") and seeing dancing going on knocked at the door, walked 1n,- calledlora Bible, read a portion of Scripture, en gaged in prayenand then walked away. Would Dr. Candlisb, if in Hamilton, pose before the public as an apologist for balls? Allow me to mention one more witness among the evangelical party of the Church of Scotland. The Bev. Bobert Murray MChfiyne, who in his uncon verted state, was fond of the dance. But listen to what he says when his nature is changed by the Holy Spirit, end he has passed from death unto life, and from tbe power of Satan unto God, and when qualified by grace, gifts and learning for his great work, when be is preaching the Gospel in Dundee with the Holy Ghost sent down from Heaven with glorious results " What shall I say of games, cuds, dice, ? I will only say this, that if you love them, you have never tasted the joys of tbe new creature. If you fed the love of God and the Spirit, you will not lightly an these joys a?ray amid the vam anxieties of cards, or the tattling of senseless dice." Again, I ask, if Mr. MCheyne were in Hamilton, would he become a pablic or a private apologist for " promis cuous v The truly Godly in all denomina tions have held and expressed the same views on this popular amusement me late Bev.- C H. Bpuzgeou used to say, 44 1 have no objection to dazKong, but let the zneo dance in one room and the females in another. Let the clerical and lay promoters of the forthcoming Hospital ball conduct it on these lines, and men their position will be more tenable Scriptually, and ethically, but not till then, I know not who 44 Presbyterian" and- 44 Another Pres byterian" are, whether they te clerical or lay gentle men ; but who'er they be, it is a matter of modi thankfulness that there are many in the " Presby terian Church of Victoria" who Live diametrically the opposite views, and who adorn the Christian profession, privately and publicly. I am just as Ignorant of the reasons which induced them to suppress their names, and write under float dephaaet . Surely tbey are not ashamed of their or principles. Some are wicked enough to suggest a reason, viz if ministers or office- bearers, lest they should be brought before the bar of the General Assembly for advocating promiscuous dancing- and public tells, contrary to their ordination rows. What great need there is for another visit from the Bev. John UNefl (the Australian Evangelist), who a few years ago so solemnly denounced 44 promiscuous dancing in one of the pulpits in Hamilton. It Is now evident why the most Godly of the Presbyterians in Hamilton rallied round tide faithful minister. 1 have hitherto fought my opponents in tbe dark. If they have the courage or the ww»»iiiws8ft to give their namfw, I will fight them in the open, should duty demand it. In the meantime, I enter upon mare congenial duties. — 1 am, etc., william m'donald. The Mnwww, Brown-street, Hamilton, April 29, 1£95. P.S.— In their eagerness to elude, if possible, the condemnatory reference to dancing fn the standards of the Ptedbjterian Church, the writers or the let ters in Saturday's issue have done their ntinost to take the edge . off iL It is the only reference to the subject they say ; and even this instance, as given by me, is, according to one of tbe letters, "mis quoted wamisEepresented." These assertions are re peated and re-repeatod. It may surprise your readers, utereiore, to know now entirely contxary they are to r the fact On the one hand, the church has followed up her condemnation of " V in her symbolic books,- with legislative enactments corroboratory thereof; lon the other hand, she has hexseu defined that the dancing condemned as ' being " Lnsoirious f is "pronriscuoua danoing"— which I have taken a -stand . in proof of this, allow me simply to refer to Act of General Assembly of ISth July, -1519 (this date being subsequent to the ze eemng of the standard referred to.) Iu that Act promiscuous dancing is not .only » discharged," hut the censure thereof where practised is referxecL to the several Presbyteries of tfaechuzoh. Nor is this an isolated act, for it was ratified by . tbe at a later date, vie., 6th March, 1701. These facta ought to oonrinoe your readers bl the random and unworthy nature of the assertions of your corres pondents. I have only now laid my hands on the above authorities, .otherwise tins Reference vrould hate heemmadp in the body of the letter. - - \- : W. IPD. 