' $h' , THURSMY, FEBRUARY 14, 1895. lu » uj. a. Present appearances soom to indicate tluit the Bonambra Agricultural and Pastoral Society is in a moribund con dition. There cortainly seems to be a plentiful lack of interest m the J___gpn .. -mo -A-tr-i.bp moating. less tlian a dozen persons present. Most of tho speakers wore, members of tho last-elected committeo, and thero was a general concensus of opinion that, in view of'tho prevailing dulness in business, the best thing to bo done is to “ put up the shutters.”' Why this despondent view should obtain is as regrettable as it is hard to understand. It is confidently ex pected that tho outstanding Go vernment subsidy will wipe off tho debt that remains. And wo are sanguine enough, to b.eliovo that tho financial depression of the district has “touched bottom” and that tiling: generally are on the mend. Believing so, wo cannot help thinking that it would bo a suicidal policy for tho Society to. disband at this juncture As was suggested i;n a previous issue, a show on a reduced scalo might be ar ranged until times improvo sufficiently to. enable tho Society to increase tho valuo of its prize-list This is no more than many more- pretensious societies havo done “ to meet the times” during the last two or throe years of depres sion. It would bo a thousand pities if the Society were to “ shut-up shop” now, after being established over five years, and when everything is in working order. Tho management no doubt feel something of disgust at the obvious want of interest shown in the transactions of the Society. Thero is no. denying the fact that the farming class—tho mainstay of these associa tions—have studiously kept aloof from participation in the Society’s functions. One explanation of this circumstance is that the agriculturists were not properly represented on tho manage ment. But how is it that tho farmers did not seo to it that they were adequately represented, on tho com mittee,. which is an elective body? But, on tho other hand, thoro can be little doubt that an opinion widely prevails that tho management has latterly not been as strict and as im partial. in carrying out its regulations as it might havo been. These perhaps seemed only trilling mutters, but thoy caused umbrage in tho quarter whence the Society was justified ip cx.pocting generous support. It is not pleasant to rnako even passing rcforonco to theso matters, much loss to dwell upon thorn. Tho committee must only try to “make tho best of it” and “ livo down” the little prejudice that has been engendered. In this, as in a great many other directions, the ox perience gained in the past might be turnod to future profit. A counter complaint has been made by members of the committee that the farmers as a class do not subscribe to tho Society to tho extent that they* should. But havo tho committee ever considered that heroin may he found a connection of cause and effect in a monetary senso ? In tho caso of a good many peoplo, tlio inclination for member ship is present, but the pecuniary wherewithal is wanting. And what no doubt accentuates tho trouble on this score is tho fact of so many local functions being arrangod to eventuate so closely upon each other’s heols. Might it not • be worth while to consider the utility of reducing the Society’s subscription fee, and so bring tho privileges of membership within reach of a wider circle of-sub scribers ? Such reduction in other places has been more than compensated for by a large inereaso in membership, Uich hns redounded to the greatly extended influence and a wider aroa of usefulness for tho Society bold onough to take the step. Wo offer the suggestion for- what it is worth. If, after due consideration, it is deemed inadvisable to have a show this year, let it be understood that the Society will abandon tho idoa of having an exhibition for this year only. 'Then a fresh start could bo made next year, by which time, no doubt, things will havo very much improved. But to our mind the management would bo very ill-advised iu “ yielding up the ghost” altogether, as a querulous correspondent in another column sug gests. And, as for selling-off tho Society’s proporty, we consider that should not be thought of—at any rate, not until the desirability of such a stop is formally affirmed by a public meeting of members called for the consideration of that specific quostion. 