If my column, this week, istobea bove the dread eoncisenessof ft nMUtet report, I fear I cannot go Ik^o^ the limit of subjects to be heard of over aere, which vfitp of lmm®dS®te intsecfSS* to Towers folic. For among them I find prevailng a lack of sensational or gos^py items, thai is most depressing. I might find yon a small ditOi of ecstar tic nullities of the flavor of social Jot tings, twit have more respect tor wad ers than to offer that; there woold t»c no fireshness in it, nothing ominous or exciting; it would be. going and com ings and doings, he bald of interest as the progress of a policeman, whose beat lays exclusively along blank walls, with nary an area, gate or kitchen window in the whole length of it. And by the same token, If I am restricted to less than half-a-dozen subjects here likely to engage the attention of aTow ersite, there is distinguished precedent for that kind of tiling-the lyres of long ago that had it is said, such mar vellous music as to make even peb bles and sticks sit up and listen, they had only three strings. Of course things colonial are going along as usual; but, without the ghost of a sensation among them-without a rise, a fall, a; smash, birth, death, trans mogrification of any signal note what ever ; they are apt to strike one as dwindling near to niothingess, or to ab out the dimensions of a plnhead of wa ter in the Niagara; of news that is pour ing through the papers. 'Anfl yet, come to look at it critically, is there any news, or is it something rebellious amongst one's internals that rouses one now and then from the easy situation of a self-effacing and microscopic brick in the moving mosa ic on which the qualified sun never sets, to a. person with the sense of responsibility and restless weight upon his shoulders, such as is reported to have been felt by the late Mr. Atlas ? BVar sure^ if you let yourself loose on the imminent problems of the moment, and jtafop any heed whatever of the con tents bills of the afternoon papers-es pecially of the ha'pennies-you spend your life on the verge of cataclysm (a kind of uphea val, I believe); you find yourself, as it were, suspended by an al together insufficient Xasteniotg above the red-hot throat of a crater. The age is uneasy, that is a fact, and whether It is mainly the ran tings of busybodies and the pulings of pessi mists that cause the uneasiness-there it is. There be those who say, and of course prove it by figures, that Eng land's mastery of the seas is a mere myth, waiting explosion by the gun fire that starts her first engagement with any first-rate power. They Will tell you our commerce is huge, sluggish, vulnerable^ having utterly outgrown our means of defending it in time of war ; 4iiat three months after the decla ration of hostilities she will be on her knees starving. Then France is suffer ing from twenty-odd years of peace, and spoiling for ja row. Her adult male population is reported to be one gigantic, well-drilled battalion, pant ing for la giorie, while as a maritime power she is close on the heels of Eng land. Hence, outbursts of patriotism and enterprise of every description, such as th^. Panama and the blackmail ing business at home, and colonization schemes (with & stationary population) abroad. If she could let off sufficient steam in Madagascar (whither she had to charter English ships to take hw war- fixings, but <tbat is a detail), and cenfine herself to mere insult of Eng land at home, it might be well, but then there is the Niger, and the Kile, and Egypt It Is hard to believe that out of all this, Prance will not bring trouble to some one besides herself. Then we are told Japan has schemes for managing the beaten Chinamen from Tokio, by turning China into a kind of Japanese colony. To this, of course, nfeither England nor Russia can consent, and we are warned that the matter cannot in any decent proba bility be decided peacefully. Bat these things reach you by post, and cable; j and each one reads them according to * his humor. International feeling is tense in places, and the century is tot tering feaxsomely to its grave, and won dering what lies t'other side. The mis take lies hi raising one's head from one's own appointed work, and In tak ? in(g the situation any way but humor ously. , . Sir Thomas IPHwxalih is improving skwiy, we are told, and occasionally sees a few people He has mage no sort; of official or comprehensive state meat, that I hMte seen, on colonial afiaira. Sir Thomas is not an agree able pemm. to Interview. A. feature in theweek's miniiighas been the slump la Hiondon&erries;, "Of coarse,** we ate told by newspa pers, limpid wltli veracity, " tafee mine itaelf is absolutely sound." Of course. The ttoipmettt of Australian horaesby theOeltic King is positively to be load ed on the I am told, when Itrast to see them set hoof on English soil, and to tell you of the impression they makehera Their arrival is being look ed forward to with very great interest here amogst all classes of horsey men, for that the venture may have big possl bilities behind it is as clearly recognis ed this side as it is on yours. We are back towards winter, and the buds axe in a state of manifold hes itancy whether to unfold, while songs of praise of the weather of three weeks ago are in short supply. I do not know if it has frozen again, irat it has been so near it for several weds, at evening and night, that only a very ©onsientions thermometer could have told the diff erence: 