The Ghosts of Clothes. Mb. J. N. Maskelyne, the conjurer, re lates some of his experiences to a writer in the English Illustrated Magazine :—" Apart from mere ob jective illusion," he says, " apparitions exist only in imagination. The great proof of this is the question of clothes. If spirits appeared like some of the * living pictures,' apparently in the nude, one might be inclined to believe in their reality. I believe I was the first to suggest this objection, about 30 years ago. I was having a discussion with Mr. Benjamin Colemaig sur named, ' The Father of English Spirit ualists,5 a very nice, amiable, and cre dulous old gentleman. He was de scribing a seance be had attended and where a lady saw the spirit of her grandfather. She had never seen him in earth-life, but recognised him from a painting. The spirit appeared in periwig, knee-breeches, and a green coat with gilt buttons. * Then,' said I, * this lady not only saw the spirit of her grandfather, but also the spirit of his green coat and gilt buttons !' Mr. Coleman looked at me with rather a puzzled expression. I continued : * Do you really believe that there is such a thing as the spirit of a coat f * No,' said he, 41 can't think that, and I can't account for the appearance of the clothes, but I will ask the spirits.' The old gentleman told me afterwards that he had consulted ' Katey King' upon the subject. Katey King, as you may remember, was a very popular spirit at that time, so much so that she was frequently known to have ap peared at several seances at the same moment. She was also the spirit who was said to have carried Mrs. Onppy from Ball's Pond to Lamb's, Conduit street, and it was the exposure of this 'spirit' which sent poor Robert Dale Owen to a lunatic asylum. Well, Katey King shirked Mr. Coleman's question for some time, but he per sisted in having an answer, and at last she replied, ' Why, of course, we ma terialise the clothes out of particles in the atmosphere.' This was a perfectly satisfactory explanation to the Spiritu alists, but even the most credulous members of the Society for Psychical Research, cannot at present "believe in the ghost of a pair of breeches. If they could, they would at once accept every nightmare story , as a spiritual visitation. That cunning old im postor, Mdme. Blavatsky, tried to bridge over this difficulty by inventing the theory that there is an 'astral body' or counterpart to everything in existence and everything that has existed. So there must be an astral sea-serpent, an astral big gooseberry —in fact, an astral world and an astral universe.' 