WESLEY AN CHURCH. MR. STEPHENSON'S ADDRESS. The retiring president of the Wesleyan Methodist Conference, the Bev. J. B. Stephen eon, in his retiring address on Tuesday said :— The year that comas to its close with the opening1 of this Conference nas been Tnflri'*^ by events of great moment to oar church, and will long be regarded as memorable in several respects. At the last Conference we knew we had to gird ourselves to a great work. We did so with confidence inspired by the experience of the past and the assurance that the Lord of Hosts was with us. And to-day, at the close of the year, we look back, gratefully acknow ledging that ' the Lord hath done great things for us, whereof we are glad.' The visit of the Bev. Thomas Cook, the evangelist, whose ministry in England was for a number of years so blessedly fruitful in the conversion of multitudes of people, and whoso preaching in Africa resulted in the turning of thousands to God, had long been anticipated in prayerful hope by the Methodist Church throughout Australasia; and when, shortly after ouJf Conference had Cioscd, he commenced his mission in Adelaide, so signal was the seal put upon his works by the Holy Ghost that our utmost hopes m« realised. The spiritual life of believers was revived and deepened, sinners were converted to God, and such a Bpirit of enquiry after Divine things was awakened that the word of God had entrance amongst many who bad previously appeared indifferent to the claims of Christ upon them, and on ' every hand men were asking, ' \Vhat must we do to be saved ?' As the mission proceeded and was conducted at several centres of population the interest increased rather than diminished, 'and believers were the more added to the Lord, multitudes both of men and women.' Oppor tunely at this moment Gipsy Smith paid a flying visit to the colony, and was able to take up the work at Eome points where, owing to limitations of time, Mr. Cook could not go. God greatly blessed bis ministry also in turning many from their sins. Meanwhile the spirit of revival had spread far and near, and in many places unvibited by special agents conversions to God were witnessed in great numbers under the ordinary, ministry of His word. Ths result, of this gracious vUitation of the spirit of God is seen in a large accession to the membership of our church, the increase at the September quarter, when the returns for the year were taken, lieing 1-022 members and 503 persons on trial lor membership. These numbers, however, by no means represent the total gain of the work, for among the converts in every place were many adherents of other churches, and thesu were urged to seek mem bership in their own denominations. Ijookinir back upon this jjart of tae year's work we thank God and take courage The General Conference met in this church early in May. Its membership comprised representatives from the five Annual Confe rences into which tho Australasian 'Wcsleyan Methodist Church is -iividi-d, and probably constituted the largest ecclesiastical assembly that has ever met for legislative purposes in Australia. Of the character of the divine bct vices and public meetings held in connection with that Conference, of the general interest awa-kened by its deliberations, and of the social influence which it exerted in the com munity at largo I need not epcak. But it is safe to say that at whatever cost of time and inconvenience and money such a Confe rence may meet — and it is by no means trifling — the value of its work and in nuenco far outweighs that cost In the General Conference we have an embodiment of the unity and strength of our church throughout Australasia ; and to those outside it is an im pressive witness that onr designs and opera tions are characterised by neither narrowness nor localism, but arc generous and catholic The Wesleyan Church in Australasia presents a practical example of federation. The Genera] Conference exercises legislative powers in all matters aSecting essential principles and thus n..mfalni the unity and integrity of the church as a whole throughout Australasia, while matters of administration and of local application are committed to the general annual Conferences having jurisdiction over their own provinses. Thus far the constitu tion has worked well ; and although the affairs of a great and widespread church can scarcely be controlled and directed without occa sional occurrence of difficulty, friction, and disappointment, and a consequent murmur may sometimes be heard froin an individual or a Conference whose demands have not been fully conceded, it is a significant and very satisfactory circumstance that our constitution has proved self-adjusting, and that the plan of annual and general Conferences, which was adopted 21 years ago, has worked so efficiently and been so capable of adaptation to the re quirements of an active and enterprising church that no serious proposal has been made to abandon it or to alter any of its principal characteristics. We have admirable machi nery, and all that is necessary is that it should be Bkilfully and faithfully worked. In some matters of moment the legis lation of the late General Conference will touch the business that will occupy our attention in the sessions of this present Confe rence. It represents principles to which I be lieve we shall conscientiously and wisely adhere. Designed to assist us in the conduct and development of our divine mission, it must not be bo employed as either to retard us in the discharge of the great work to which God has called us in this land, or to hurry us on to the adoption of doubtful experiments and novelties under the enthusiastic idea that it is necessary to do something extraordinary for the sake of demonstrating our liberty. In answer to prayer the spirit of wisdom and of a sound mind will be given to us, and the issues of our deliberations will be according to the divine wilL We meet to-day under the shadow of bereavement. Every year brings to some amongst us the summons that is given to each whenhis work is done here and his steward ship of earthly opportunities fulfilled ; but the past year has been marked by losses from our ranks of more than ordinary severity. Among those who are gone I may name the late Mr. James Robin, who for many years was closely associated with our church both in the old country and in this colony, and for eome time before his death occupied the posi tion of treasurer to our Foreign Missionary Society — a man whose spotless integrity was never impugned, and of whose public and private character any church might be proud. Mr Thomas Johnson was a man in whom long years of experienceof theteachingandinnnenceof tho church bore fruit distinctly in his closing days and enabled him to die in calm repose in the merits pf tbeEwteemer. Mr.XhorttaaSocljjng, by ucoutruave and untiring services in any work mid any sphere that afforded opportunity of beinfr kind and helpful to others, and by the beautiful simplicity aud sincerity of ins character, has left a reputation fragrant of good, and his name win long be held in vene ration by all who knew him well. Air. John Dunn passed away in a. ripe old age, having by indomitable energy and un failing perseverance attained A position of _ affluence, and what was better, having established a character for fair and honorable dealing in all relations of life, and for sympathetic consideration for the poor and for his employes, which caused them to regard him almost as a father. His benefactions are now well known, but he has left to us a legacy better than of wealth— a good example of faithfulness in the responsibilities of steward ship. Last year, and on several previous occa sions, Mr. W. F. Wincey met with us as a member of our Conference, but he, too, has been called to his reward. His gentleness of spirit won for him much alfection, and we shall not easily let his memory pass away. These are names most familiar, perhaps, amougthoseof our people who have died since last Conference; they are mentioned as representing the many for whom while we mourn we yet rejoice. From the ranks of our ministry also one has gone to his rest whom we all re3pected and loved. We miss to-day the sturdy form, the j^enial firafle, and the sympathetic groeting-of the Rev. R. M. Hunter. He was endowed with superior natural gifts, which he had diligently culti vated, and which he consecrated without reserve to the Master's sen-ice. He' loved prayer. His ministry was powerful, fiis preaching being frequently accompanied with great unction. His sympathetic nature attracted people to him, so that he had a great number of attached friends. His useful and faithful life closed, es it seems to us, somewhat prematurely. His sun set while it was yet day. But the end harmonised well with the rest of his life The comfort of the Gospel which he had preached to others he abundantly realised himself, and without fear or misgiving or regret he com mitted himself to hisltedecmerand fell asleep. In commercial and industrial circles the year has been one of exceptional depression and difficulty, and the financial interests of the church have necessarily been affected thereby. The Methodist Church includes among its adherents £o many of all classes of society, and its financial system is such, that its funds quickly feel tho effect of the changes which occur in the material prosperity of the community. Ours is not a church of the opulent few— its message is to nil alike, and its mission is to the people without reference to wealth or poverty. It has been called ' the church of the people,' and the designation is so far accurate, as it indicates the comprehen siveness of its mission and its freedom from social uxclusiveness. A church, then, estab lished in a community of wage-earners and others, almost all dependent on business activities in some department, and whose adherents probably consist of all classes in a fairly equal proportion to their numbers in the general population, is pretty certain to find that its firm.ncTa.1 eon diuon corresponds somewhat closely with that of the community. For some time past, as we all know, there has been a great scarcity of money among the people. Business men tell us that they do not remember a time when it was more difficult to get money, and their experience unfortunately is by no means singular. Kearly everybody can tell the same tale — that money is scarce. The means of living probably are not itirninished— perhaps are enlarged. Production continues and in creases — farms and . stations and mines and factories and industries still exist — but prices are naught. And so with the church — the means of living are not diminished. The need of the presentation of the Gospel, as believed and interpreted by the Wesleyan Church is as great as ever, and the people are as willing to receive it. While this is so 'the means of living' are available to us as a church. We shall live, that is to say, so long as we set forth salvation in Christ in a manner that can be '* understanded of the people,' and with a power of the Holy Spirit that makes the message effective in the conversion of sinners. Moreover, we have our churches and schools and missions and other organisations, our b&udd; of agents, culled of God to do work for Him; ministers, local preachers, Sunday- school teachers, acd a host of others. Certainly as a church we have tho means of living. Tho question of money is quite secondary — I do not say unimportant. It is secondary, indeed, in respect to commercial and industrial enter prises. Industry and even commereo were before money. 'Ingenuity, experience, and convenience called money into requisition ; and it has proved of such practical utility and so effective in facilitating commerce and industry that they become greatly depressed or stimulated as it is leaa or more easily obtain able. Industry and commerce would not cease even if money were annihilated ; but a man who should seriously propose the abandonment of money as an instrument of exchange would lie rightly esteemed a fool, because if his proposal were adopted a blow would be struck at nearly every enterprise in the world of business, such as would at least for & time stagger and paralyse it and do incalculable mischief- The appreciation and depreciation of gold, the monetisataon and de monetisation of silver, and other variations in the employment of money, have, as a matter of fact, an enormous influence on trade and industry and the general comfort of life, though they do not absolutely determine the means of living. The existence of the church does not depend on its material possessions, nor are the possibilities of its usefulness to be estimated merely by the abundance of its revenues. Yet there are methods of work and various agencies proved by experience to be of the highest value, which under existing con ditions can only be maintained by the out lay of money. Would it then be a wise and successful policy to neglect the material sources of supply for our church work under a lofty pretence that, because our ends are spiritual and divine, we have no need of material things, and no legitimate use for silver and gold 1 Probably most of us have been unfortunate enough now and then to meet with persons whose one standing and constant complaint is that the work of God is too expensive, that demands never cease to be made for it ; persons who would be delighted if all financial claims in connection with church life were abolished, and money neither asked nor employed for the service of God. But we can scarcely regard them as supremely wise ! May I ask whether it has been yourexperiencn that these same persons have been modest and unexacting in their demands on the church as to its ministrations to themselves aud their families? or whether they have them selves been foremost to make sacrifices which they so airily require of other people ! God mttai demands on us is respect of our material things, and in Euch a way that a pro portion is maintained between our gottingn and our givings. So the Law of the Tenth produced more or less, for the use of thoae engaged in the service of the sanctuary, as more or less was received by those who gave the tenth. The same principle is alao illus trated in the rule laid down by Paul for the collection for the saints — 'Let every one of you lay by htm in etore aa God hath pros pered him ;' and in another place be asks, ' If we have sown unto you spiritual things, is it a great thing if we shall reap your carnal things?' God's law, therefore, is that the church and those who are sot apart for its service shall bhare both in the prosperity and in the adversity of the members of the church. If the present is a time of severe pressure to the people of our chnrch, it is also a time of equal pressure in the material affairs of the church. As to our church pro perty, although we have debt enough, happily the gifts of our people in the time of plenty have been such as, on the whole, to prevent serious difficulty now. There arc, indeed, some few exceptional cases in which existing debts are a real embarrassment ; but there arc also cases where the resources largely exceed local requirements ; and, so far as I can judge, there is no instance in which by the putting forth of local effort, supported and supple mented by connexiona! aid, all requirements cannot be met. But this brings me to the practical bearing of these remarks, and what seems to me tho justification for dealing on this occasion with a theme not always appropriate, perhaps, for a presidential address. We have been blessed during the year with a large amount of spiritual success ; but in the material interests of the church we stand face to face with grave respon sibilities. The subject will come before us in several aspects during the proceedings of this Conference, and the attitude assumed by the Conference will hugely influence, and in many cases perhaps determine, the action of our people, and give direction to the policy adopted by circuit and other local organisa tions. There are trust and property debts that need dealing with with great energy and equal prudence. There are instances also in which the support given to some of our ministers and home mis 'sionaries is wholly unequal to meet fair and strictly economical requirements. I do not hesitate to say that the sacrifices of a pecu niary character made by some of our men in order that they may not be burdensome to the church are heroic And again, there are re sponsibilities in regard to what are known as connexional funds, and in regard to various undertakings in the general interest of the church as a whole, which must be carefully considered and dealt with. The financial straitness of tho times compels us to face these questions. Nor will the necessity thus resting upon us be by any means an unmixed evil if only it induces'us to adopt a prudent, Etates manlike and effective policy in relation there to. There are two lessons which present condi tions eeem to me to teach with great distinct ness. One is that we shall have to carry out more faithfully the original Methodist practice of giving and collecting contributions for the work of God in small sums from the whole body of our adherents. The system of regular weekly offerings ac cording to the ability of tho contributor lias never been excelled. God has not given to the church of late centuries a greater ecclesiastical statesman than John Wesley, and John Wesley's statesmanship was never more signally displayed than in unjHng his people in [societies for Christian fellowship, and in inducing them to contribute systematically for the support of the work of God according to their means, but each one at least 'a penny a week and a shilling a quarter.' It has been the misfortune of our good times and our wealth that this practice has largely fallen into disuse. People have thought it too much troub'e and perhaps * little beneath them to give mere trifles weakly — they would give large subscriptions occasionally and have done witli it. Gradually their ability to give large subscriptions has been diminished; perhaps, also, the systematic method of collecting has gone out of practice, with the result that the church finances have greatly suffered, its enterprises have been hindered, and the financial burden has unduly rested upon the few. We have now fallen upon times when the effect of all this begins to make itself felt, aud we must either amend our error or sutler the penalty ill insufficient liuancul resources, and consequent embarrassment and limitation uf our work at every point. JUo not think me an alarmist or a pessimist. I epeak of things aa they are and of their drift and tendency. But the eviL though it has cer tainly begun, and is already seriously affecting us in our operations, has not cot beyond our power. It may be checked and indeed eradi cated. I for one believe that present depres sion and difficulties in the businesses, indus tries, and general interests of the community at large will prove an ultimate good if they teach greater prudence and economy m finan cial arrangements and the appreciation of the value of means and resources hitherto almost disregarded. And in the same way I am sure that to the Methodist Church our present ex perience would be of the highest value if it induced a general return to Wesley's system of finance — the constant and conscientious con tributions of small sums to the service of the church by all who are able to afford it, and in proportion to their ability. This system is practicable, effective, and Scriptural, and cannot be superseded without disadvantage at every point. The other lesson which pre sent circumstances teach is the value of the connexional principle in our chnrch system and the importanceof faithfully maintaining it. From its beginning the Methodist Church has recognised and developed that principle. Its ministers are the ministers not of a congrega tion or a circuit, but of the church as a whole. Its congregations aro not separate, selfcon tained, and independent churches, but mem bers of the one body, related all to each other more or less directly and closely. Its doc trines, its discipline, and its _ ordinances are common to the whole. And its adminis tration and practical work proceeds on the principle of common interests, co-operation, and mutual aid. Now, every system hag itn obligations as well as its privUegee-^and, may I not say. its drawbacks as well as its advan tages ? Thus there may sometimes be a tempta tion on the' part of a large, strong, vigorous circuit or congregation to assert its own wishes and interests in forgetfulness of the claims of others, and on the part of small, weak, and struggling circuits and congregations to sup pose that their whole interest is to receive aid from the rest, but to contribute little or nothing to the general stock. Happily we have hitherto escaped these dangers fairly well, and there has on the whole been a strong and generous public spirit that has Bcornod meanness and mere local eeinshncsa. Now, that public spirit is a feature in our system which in times like the present needs to be specially maintained and guarded. A spirit of littleness, of selfishness, of ungenerousness rinds its opportunity in such times when per haps the burden and responsibility of con nexionalism is for the time being accentuated. But it is precisely in such times that fidelity to the principle is most needed, and that its practical value will be greater. Sympathetic, combined, and co-operating, our great church may pass unharmed through a crisis of trial which would have proved disastrous and even destructive had the church been but a congeries of units without organic connection, common interests, and common action, and may emerge healthier, stronger, and more efficient. Whatever may have been said by way of criticism of our system of ministerial itinerancy, it has proved of greatest value in maintaining the vigor and effectiveness of our work. But the itinerancy would be impossible under any but a connexional organisation. The adjustments inseparable from the itiner ancy are provided by connexional discipline and connexional funds. Let not the «mminp of tlio latter disconcert* us! Connexional tunds are sound in principle and ogepnti'! in practice in a connexional church. At the present moment thcro is in some quarters a disposition to discredit and neglect these funds. That disposition is not unnatural, perhaps, at a time when all finances are sub ject to great depression. Local requirements are pressing, and are hardly met with out special effort and self-denial. The suggestion is plausible, then, to limit gifts and enterprise to local needs ; but it -is not sound m principle nor prudent in practice. The policy of neglecting to main tain in efficiency bur connexiottal funds is the result cither of selfishness of spirit or of & superficial view of the subject. For example, if a wealthy congregation or circuit resolved to be self-contained and self -consumed, and to spare nothing for the aid of the weak, or for tlio general and common responsibilities and work of the church as a great organisation, that would be by every one pronounced un generous and unjust— the policy of most un worthy selfishness. 'But,' some may ask, 'what about the straggling and impoverished circuit that cannot ercn moei its own necessities; Is there either sense or justice in such s- circuit doing Anything to support connexional funds?' Well; first as to justice — Is not that circuit as much a part of the connexion as any other? Is not connexional expenditure necessary in its interests precisely in the same way as in the interests of all other circuits in tbo connexion ? Where is the injustice of a proportion of its resources, euch as they are, going to the common stock essential for the common in terests ? But as to the sense of it — The policy of connexional funds is all in favor of the poor circuits, for they receive benefits from them greater in proportion than the rich. . In fact, while all contribute the general rule is that the rich circuit contributes much and re ceives little, while the poor circuit contributes little and receives much. And this is as it should be- There are both sense and justice in it. The presence of infirmity or disease in the body is sometimes indicated by local eruptions or wounds in the hand or foot j and the skilful physician, instead of pre scribing mere local remedies, applies himself to the nourishing and strengthening of the body as a whole. 'We will build up your general health,' he says to bis patient, 'and these local symptoms will soon disappear.' And in our church the most effective method of relieving some local difficulties is to make the connexional body strong and healthy as a whole. Don't neglect and starve the body to cure the limb! Brethren, I believe that if during our Conference this question of connexionalism and connexional funds is patiently and thoughtfully considered, without narrow preju dices and careless misconceptions, the result will be a deepening of our loyalty to the principles of our church organisation and a determination to uphold them more firmly than ever in practice. And I trust that our deliberations may also have the effect of diffusing among our members and adherents throughout the length aud breadth of our terri tory a more general and intelligent apprehen sion of the value of our methods and a deeper conviction of then- soundness in principle, and' ultimately of producing a triumphant vindica tion of the strength and vitality of Methodism as to its financial arrangements, disciplinary effectiveness, and its spiritual power. 