MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS. [FROM OTJB F.XCIIANOE8.] The Sydney correspondent of the Age writes:—The death of Miss Redd all, a native of Cuinpbelltown, New South Wales, where she was born about 1S20, recalls an interest ing item. Through an interesting lecture delivered in the old Exhibition Building in Latrobe-streot many years ago by Mr. (now Sir) Archibald Blieliic on Spooks, the Mel bourne people were made acquainted with the history' of Fisher’s Ghost, a legend associated with Miss Redd all’s native town ; but only recently have the actual facts been made public through Mr. James Norton, M.L.C., a son of the solicitor for one of the parties. In 1826 there lived at Campbclltown a farmer named Frederick Fisher, who was assisted by a friend named Worrall. Fisher contem plated a visit to England, hut his neighbors w’ere surprised at his sudden departure on 17th June, 1826. Worrall, who professed to hold an authority from Fisher, began to clisposo of the property without exciting any suspicion. But several w’eeks after a neigh bor named Farley, alleged to bo drunk, was found lying upon a bridge over a creek near Fisher’s farm. On being brought to his senses he said that on crossing the bridge he saw' Fisher sitting on the rail, and greeted him in a friendly way. Tlio supposed Fisher glided off the rail and proceeded down the 1 creek, motioning Farley to follow, but the latter was so terrified that ho fainted from fright. Farley’s story was not long in reach- ' ing the ears of Mr. Norton, sen., who, as Farley was known as a sober respectable man, : induced the Attorney-General, Mr. Saxo 1 Bannister, to investigate the matter. A 1 reward was offered, black trackers were j obtained, and starting from the spot where Farley had seen the apparition, blood * marks being found upon tho bridge, they 1 followed tho track of the ghost as pointed out J by Farley and coming to awatorholo declared that a scum on the surface was “ white man’s fat,” The spot where Fishor’s body was £ buried was discovered and the corpse un- 1 earthed. Worrall was tried and executed, J having confessed the crime, but claimed that * Fisher’s death was accidentally caused. 1 At the Ball amt Police Court on Friday a 1 Sturt-street butcher, named J. W. Pitt, was 1 charged with soiling putrid meat and also with having putrid meat in his possession. Tho evidence was that a wood carter named' John Phelan sold a load of wood to Henry Blende, foreman at the shop of Pitt. Phelan agreed to take com beef as part payment for t tho wood. Portion of tho meat was what is known iu the trade as “ dry salted.” On the beef being cooked and eaten several of the ] Phelan family were taken seriously ill, and for some time the life of one child was. despaired of. Dr. Jordon, city health officer, deposed that the meat sold by defendant was. in a rotten condition. Ho visited the shop of Pitt subsequent to the illness of tlie children, and examined certain corned meat in stock. Some of it was in a very bad condition and rpiite unlit for human consumption. Tho defence was that the foreman, Meade, had made a u mistake/’ and that the meat sold hv him was intended as dog’s’ food, and not for human consumption. Tho bench con-, sidered the charges proved, and Pitt was: fined £5 in each case, with £1 13s. costs, or nearly £20 in all. In the Bacchus Marsh County Court last week, a case, in which plaintiff sued for the services of a stallion, was struck out, Judge Gaunt 1 inkling that he had no jurisdiction, and refusing costs to tho defendant, as he had paid some money into court, thereby endorsing tho wrong launching of the case, which should have been brought in a court of petty sessions as for “ use and hire of beasts.” Plaintiff’s counsel said he had not. issued tho summons, but thought the ease could be heard by consent. Tho judge refused to do this, as going outside the law. One day last week, at Rand wick, N.S.IV.,. Mr. Alexander Ivreitman, sou of a late well known vino grower at Albury, was married to Miss Vent Mainard. Aftor the ceremony tlie party went to a house which hud been fitted up for his bride by Mr. ICrcitman,. and shortly after their arrival Mrs. Ivreitman retired from tho room in which the wedding party was conversing. She did not return, and search being made it was found she had. disappeared. Since then private search for the missing lady has been rigorously con ducted, but without avail,, and the detectives have not been ablo to get a clue to her mysterious disappearance. Mr. Ivreitman had had but a short acquaintance with Miss. Mainard before marrying her. They met at the Hotel Metropole, whoro both were stay ing, and absolutely nothing can be ascer tained as to the lady’s previews movements,,, or as to her friends and relations.. It is. known that Miss Mainard was very attractive,, a good conversationalist,, and an. ardent devotee of psychological research,.but further than'that nothing lms. been ascertained. Tho white man is evidently becoming very much afraid of his “ black brother-’ in America. Wc learn by cable that, a conveu tion of delegates representing the- white population of the State of South Carolina,. United States, is now sitting to consider what action is necessary to preserve the Stato* from domination by tho negro popula tion, which, since the enfranchisement ; following the American, civil war, has largely increased and is still increasing. A proposal is before tho conference for cheeking the growing political power of tlie negroes, by disfranchisement. It is proposed that this, shall be effected'firstly by refusing to register as electors about 60,000. negro adults who arc unable to read or write, making the illiteracy disqualification pennauent; andi secondly, by preventing the education- of negroes for the future. This second pro posal is a pretty commentary on 19th century civilisation. il Speak evil of none” and “Rneonrago a spirit of helpfulness and do at least one helpful tiling each day” are two admirable precepts, and the world would be- all the better if they were more generally adopted. To fulfil these two duties is the object of tho Order of the Daughters of tlie Court, which, was constituted some three or four years ago by the Rev. Dr. Sevan, and is already reap ing good results, as tlie order numbers in. Victoria already some 300 members, whilst, the branch in Queensland has about 100, in South Australia about 50, and there are also, branches in the other colonies. The order holds that no woman can- avoid, exorcising - influence- for good or evil, and. to -make her - roign one of gentle, gracious helpfulness in tho home is the object of the society, byeneourag-. ing kindly speech, not flattery nor calling evil good,.but by avoiding-careless and'meon sidcrate criticism, suggestions of umvorthy motives, gossip and innuendo.. It is reported that the Queensland country - bordering on tlie north of South Australia is in a deplorable condition owing to drought.. On tho road from Farina to Imiaminoka over 20 teams. loaded with, wool and goods are stuck up. Wuterhnles that were- supposed! to bo practically inexhaustible have dried up on tho track to Innamineka, and the route . from Hergott Springs to Rirdsvitle, in Queensland, is also getting into a. very bad! condition. A man named* Grant Wilson, who was. hanged with two others recently at Vicks burg, Mississippi, for the murder of a man? named ICing, has recovered in a remarkable manner. 4‘ It appears,’’ says PnhVic Opinion; “tlmt when the supposed execution took place nervous twitching*, of bis body, different from those ordinarily observed; were noticed, and lie was accordingly not cut down until the expiration of seven minutes. after his two comrades iu death, and' be was: then thought to be dead. The body was: placed in a coffin, aiul was driven away. He was, it appears, really in a state of coma,, and the jolting of the waggon restored him to consciousness. He soon made out whero he was, and his repeated knocks at the lid of: his coffin frightened the driver, so that lie made all speed to deliver his burden at the house of Wilson’s friends, to whom the body lmd been ordered to be surrendered after tliO: sentence of the law bad been carried out. Tlie driver told them of noises in the coffin, and these beihg repeated, the relatives .sent for a doctor, wlio restored the banged man. to complete consciousness. Wilson was nursed for sovoral days, and then went into hiding. He is, however, absolutely dumb,. It is believed the shock of the hanging and the consequent shock to the- system have destroyed the vocal cords. It was found that his life was saved because a throat diseaso from which he suffered had produced a bony growth in the windpipe. When restored to. consciousness his eyes were turned inwards,, hut this was gradually cured. Wilson, describing liis experiences, states that he had no sensation whatever aftor tho drop, and 1m remained in a comatose condition until lio was awakened in the coffin. Asked whether ho had any visions or dreams, he replied that he hod' none whatever Now that he has already been hanged, the law will not trouble him again, but his friends fear that the populace will lynch him if; they discover where he is.” A telegram from- Deepwater, N'.S'.W.^ states that a wild animal, called locelly tho bullapan, which has been, seen at intervals, during the last 20 years, was again soon this: week. It is said to have long, shaggy black: hair, and it is of tho size ofia yearling calf,, with the shape of a large dog; The animal’s presence has caused much oxeitemenfc. It is posdibly a poor relation of the btmyip. 