SPORTING NOTES. By Tim tVimun. A new racing club has been formed at Gundagai, having for its name, the South Gundagai Park Racine Club, tfce racing track of the newly formed club being on the South Gundagai side. An influential executive has been appointed ; Mr. F. A.. McEvoy is the president, and Mr. J. Argoet performs the secretarial duties. The first race meeting of the dab has been fixed for Saturday, 20th April, and a programme entailing the distri bution of £45 in prizes has been issued. The principal race of the firtare is the Park Handicap of £15, 1£ miles. The Cootamundra Turl Club's balance sheet for their past year's business shows that the Club's finances stand, on tbe right side of the ledger to a small amount. The result of the year's operatious is considered satisfactory, as a considerable amount had been paid nway in expenses of an unusual character, and not likely to occur again, hence the smallness of the credit balance. Messrs. P. Byan, C. Howell, £5. H. Dickson, J. Cambouru, T. 1-. M'Malion. Df. Florence, Boberl Hughes and J. T. Stratum were elected aB the committee for the ensuing year. The Burrangong (Young) Turf Club seems to be in a fair way of regainiog a sound financial position once again, tlu latest re port and balance sheet of (tie club's affairs shewing that their overdraft had been re duced to £2O0. In 1892 the club were behind the mark to tbe tune of £'1(1(1. hm with the assistance of the ladies o( tbe town and dis trict, and theeffortBof an energetic committee, the result indicated has been brought about. The training track yesterday morning bore a Tery bUBy appearance, and the near ap proach of tbe autumn meeting caused the early risers to be rewarded by witnessing some fast work. Inverday, minus his irons, and a companion set the ball rolling witb a six furlong flutter, which occupied lmin. 22sec. Gualta aud St. Sierra, had a tussle over a similar journey, the former shewing lo a deal more advantage than tbe tit. George filly at the finish of the trip, wliicb took lmin. 22sec. The grey galloway, Elsie, and the hack races candidate, Wodonga, ran five furlongs in lmin. lOsec, and were on terms at tho finish. Dudley, Token and Menangle stepped out for a circuit of the sand. Menangle stood the pair up for nearly half a furlong, and when the turn for home hove in sight had them in difficulties. Tbe round occupied 2ruin. Wsec, and judging by (lie WaT in which the Inn.enror! itf «nt MlaA hie task he will be thereabouts at the finish of tomorrow's Autumn Handicap if elected to carry the l)avis banner and shekels. \V. Veomar.s' big chestnut son of Euclid, Euler, hit out for a six furlong spin which cost him lmin. 24sec, & similar time being credited to Seabreeze. Kinderspiel and Mea Culpa (late Jiillbank) ran a mile, the Seaweed coll showing best utthe winning en.l ot th? trip, which the tickers recorded lmin. 58sec. Drusilla ran round the sand in 2min. 23sec, and finished eager and will ing to f-o faster. Austen, ridden out, skipped o?er hu!/-,i-doHei- fui Jongs iti lmin. 24sec. Killarney and Lady Bird toured strongly on the sand gallop, and the remainder of the horses and galloways were restricted to easy work. The Wagga Coursing Club have decided to open the season with a coursing meeting on Queen's Birthday (24th May). I understand that a good programme ol stakes is to be drafted at the next meeting of., tho com mittee, which will probably take place next week. From a high authority I leara that the Trenton mare, Gaillardia, is credited iu knowing quarters with being a really good thing for the Doncaster Handicap. Mr. Alick Smith writ»s as f olloivs : — Tim Whiffler, in your issue ot Saturday last, is, I think, rather hard on nay old horse ' spanner, xnai uc iiasnot the ghost of a show at the weights I freely admit, but that be would have to start tbe evening before is very hard ou tbe old horse. Be might win even at tlie present weights and conditions if al. the other horses in tbe race fell. I don't, however, think it worth starting him on tliis far off chance, and scratched bim before leaving town last Friday. When I entered my horse I had no idea that he would win the hurdle race even at the lowest weiglit that could be put on him, hut 1 wished to give him a run in company and thought that ii x yavti we iu.j..iA a sovereign lor tne right to run on their course I was paying for wlat I wanted. Their handicapper, liovvever, siys ' No.' However, I object to another part of ' Tim WbilHer's ' remarks— lie hints that the handicapper is having u lark witb me. Now, as the lark costs me £1, and honest men never lark where money is concerned, I wish to state that I attribute the handicapping to thorough ignorance of his business, not to dishonesty on the part of the handicapper. At the last Cootamundra races I entered a horse that hud never started in a race before for the hurdles ; he was sired by a trotter out of an unknown mare, yet the same handi capper weighted him 71b a.bove maiden weights, ard as an accident occurred in the race and pnly two horses got home, mine was second. No doubt Mr. Price argues that if another accident had pecurred to Messenger in that race my horse would have been first, so lie now leaves me that off chance in the Wagga races.' [Tim WhifUer, whatever his ideas on the score of Spanker's impost might have been, did not entertain for a moment any suspicion of dishonesty on the part of tbe handicapper.] The nominations and acceptances for the various races of to-morrow's M.T.C. autumn programme appear elsewhere, and judging from the public interest whijh is being dis piayea, u seems sate to predict tuat the meeting will be a very successful one. The 6port will commence with the Trial Stakes, and of Ihe 10 engaged therein I fancy Drusilla, Early Dawn and Austen will fur nish the placegetters. The Hurdle Race appears on paper to be a match between Messenger and Menangle, and I like them in that order, provided of course they are not reserved for the Autumn Handicap, in which case Exchange may prove capable of scoriug. Of the Autumn Handicap lot, Meuanglc strikes me as being well iu at tlie weights, and if he should win the most trouble he will experience may come from Messenger and Kinderspii-1. The Selling Uace has the small number of 5 under engagement, and Token, St. Sierra and Fair Play may dispute the judge's award in that order. Bookmakers who intend doing business in the Derby Stand enclosure n.t to- morrow's racing will be called upon to deposit the sum of £5 witb the Secretary of the M.T.C. as a guarantee of boiia-jide*. Common, who annexed the H.ll.C. Rowley Mile on Saturday with 8st 121b up, is engaged in the A.J.C. Doncaster Handicap with a similar impost, but his victory entitles the well- performed son of l'hil Atbol to a 101b penalty. The betting market in Sydney was quiet on Saturday evening, but some brisk wagering was expected last evening after * he declaration of first forfeit for the A.J.C. Doncaster Handicap aud Sydney Cuji. There was uo msiness worlhv of uiwiiinn trAnRnnt«-(1 At Tattersall's Club, but privately more or less support was accorded at tlie following quota tions :— Doncaster Handicap : 100 to 10 v. Vanitas, 100 to 7 v. Tiwoona and Iolanthus, 100 to G v. Crcniorne, 100 lo S r. SundiBl, Nobleman, aud Ruenaff, 100 to 4 v. Guil lardia and Delaware. Sydney Cup : 1O0 to 10 r. The Harvester, 100 lo 8 v. Florrie and Troilus, 100 to 7 v. Projectile, Cobbitty, Quiver, aud. Iolanthus, 100 to 5 v. others. Mr. J. A. Scarr, who his for some years past acted as hadicapper for tlie A.J.C. and until lately for the suburban clubs, died at Sydney on Sunday night. He bad been ail ing for some time past, but it -was not gener ally thought that his illness would take a serious turn until within the past few days. 