HAMILTON WESLETAN CHURCH. SUNDAY SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY. Anniversuy services fn connection with the Hsmiltoo Wakjan Sunday School nd Cbria- tito Eodeamr Sooety were held in the W«- leyan Chnrch on Sunday awning, afternoon tad evening, the Bev. W. H. Fltdbett, B.A. (President of tbe Conference), preaching & ser mon oo cadi oorarioii, There can be no doubt the Wealejan community vtoogniM tbe near relationship between children and flowers in the Spring of He, and the way in which these decorations bad been carried out showed (bat to the ladies and gentlemen whi had so kindly assisted in the work, it must have been a labour of love; The highest praise is due tolfr, H. C. Hsleolm and the ladies and gentlemen who so ably assisted faim iu making the musical por tion of these services such a treat to all who heard ft. The various hymns were rendered beautifully, and especially the Anthem, which contained rather a novelty in the shape of a 44 solo sung by two ladies-together. The able discourses delivered by the Bev. Ur. Fitchett kept bis hearers spellbound throughout. The chnrch was crowded on each occaaoo, and in the evening many people were turned away ItVUl Ml« uvun, 1U« fiwemwiw WHO ItoO largest known for several years, and the greatest enthusiasm was manifested in tbe pro- CeMr?f£teiiett, at the morning service, took for the subject of his. discourse, "The dreadful consequences of sin," from the text found in the 23rd chap. St. Luke, verses 8 aud.9 41 And when Herod aaw Jesus be was exceeding glsd, for he was desirous to see Him of a long sea«oo, because he had heard many things of Him ; and he hoped to have seen some miracle done by Him. Then he questioned with Him in many words, but He answered him nothing." In Herod was found a picture of the forces out side the sonl which predisposed to eviL He was the sou of one of die greatest scoundrels in history, and be had been nursed in cruelty and vSeaee. People might go too tsr in their be lief in the heredity of sin. It was not true that the son of a thief must steal, but it conld not be denied that very much depended upon the example given to children by their parents. Every father was a Solomon for wisdom to bis children, a veritable Mount Sinai, wbst there fore would be. the terrible consequence to a child when looking up to its father it read wickedness in his face. And this was stiil more terrible in the case of a bad mother. They conld not choose their father, but they could determine what kind of fathers they would be themselves. He would implore the Esthers aod mothers to leave their children the legacy of a Sore life. Herod had not only bad a bad father, at he also had a bad wife, Tand was therefore cursed in hia domestic relations ; and in addition to aU this be had a bad creed. Some people would say that the creed of a man was of no conse quence, but tbe way he lived. He would as sure them that the very- root of their character was their creed. Herod was in Scriptural lan guage & Saduicee, or what in modern language wonld be termed a Materialist, he did not be-, lieve in the eternity of the soul, and it waa eternity thit made this present life noble. The' ca ate, therefore, as had been shown, which led Herod to sin were of a threefold nature, he had an evil father, aa evil wife and an evil creed. Tbey should thank God every day for their domestic tiainiog,fbr their family ties and for their creed. In Herod tbey found the picture of that great dnma, winch was played every day in this life, of man bring punished for their wrong doing. He had heard of John, had brought him to his court, and when bis sins were pointed cut to him, he had tried to r.concile bis conscience with his sin, but this was impos sible, man had to decide between the two. If conscience did not torn cot rin, sin' wonld turn out conscience. Io numerable men's lives were wrecked because they were trying to keep their conscience and their sins too as Herod had done, who, in a state of drunken foolishness, bad made a promise which led him on to murder. But this wicked King, through his on, had suf fered iu this life, for rite bad woman who had caused him to rin afterwardspulled htm from bis throne and he died in exile. After John was dead aod lying in his grave there stepped on to the platform a greater man than he, Christ,and when Herod, the Saduoee who did not believe in the resarreeiioo, herd of Him, his con science troubled him and he said to himself, " This is John whom I have slain. So it was with every sinner, he might try to deaden his cooseienee and periiaps encceea for a time, but it would be sure to awaken at last and trouble him, when, as in the cms of this king, it might periiaps be too lata, for Herod sent tor Christ and questioned |Him, " bat He answered him nothing." That awful silence of Christ was a hint of toe dreadfnl end of the sinner, and ehoold be a lesion etpecially to yoong men which ehonld teach ttem to dread sin and to hate it more than anything else in this worid, for it were better for them to poison their Mood, or pot a knife to their throat than to give way to tin. In the afternoon Mr. Fitchett addressed him self exclusively to the little ones, speaking from the text : — " Rejoice oh young man in thy youth." He ridicoled the idea of some people who thought that it was a desecration of toe Sabbath if littie children laughed or played,bnt he reminded his young hearers at tbe seme time not to forget that by and by God wonld take np all the days of their youth and weigh them in toe balance. They were told to pnt away sorrow from their heart and evil from' their flesh, and io older to do this they , were to avoid those things which had a tendency to oanse them sorrow, or bring evil upon them. He wonld. mention at few things which toey would especi ally have to gnard against . Jdlenera aind waste, if not pnt away in their youth, would bring them eorrow in after life, for it was the manner in which toey spent their childhood which de termined toe course of their lives. Another thing which had to be avoided was disobedience. Many children wets very much given to setting their will above tint of their father or mother, and he wished to assure to ore that a disobedient life was sure to lead tbem to a wretched lift; and that if toey etoodnp against God's great laws it would bring them bitter soizow after wards Another eerions fault, and one to which, he was afraid, most children were in clined. was selfishness. They were cootiooally receiving benefits from their parenta)sndfriends, which most of them recrtved as a matter of ootme, never thinking how that a loving mother thought of them, worked for tbem from morn ing till night, and how their father provided for them. Selfishness spoilt people's lives, and eventually turned their hearts to stone. In eandnmon he wonld tell them the secret how to pot awiy eorrow from their hearts, and enable them to rejoice in their yonlh. The secret of a safe and happy life was to give that life into the divioe hands of Christ. In toe evening, the Rev. W. H. Fitahett pre.cbed.from toe Epistle to tbe Romsns'xv. 13, "Now toe God of hopefill yon with all joy and pan in believing, thst ye may abound in hope; through the power of tbe Holy Ghost." After having pointed ont to his "hearers how rich the Bible was in the names it gave to God, there being no less thin twonamea In the fifth verae alone, and the text spoke of the God of hope, he said he wished to preach to them that evening about the duty of . hope. First, they should have hope In toe worid, look with a hopeful eye on everything. Some people were given to meeting trouble half way, and always managed to extract a shilling's worth of misery from every pennyworth of trouble.' Let other men esy that things were going to the hod, bnt let them hope. . They were told that toe gdden age was lying behind them, end that the world wax getting worse every year. They need not trouble about that, it was not true. The golden lata Was lying right before them, and tbey were msrehing steadily towards it, end toe world, instead of getting worse, was improving from year to yen. People were talking of the good old times, hat he wonld like to ask those people how .toey wonld like to have these good times khaok- again. Let tbem look at things astapyweree hundred yean age. In 1195 women were working half naked in coal mtoes like beasts, in England, and slavery was, everywhere. Instead of bring governed by a monarah like onr good Queen, there sat upon toe throne of England a drunken wretch who would have beat better in aprison cell taui on1 a throne. At that time the French revolution was casting Its dark shadows over Europe, and a hundred yevra before that -time things were even won.- No matter what some people eaid, the worid was steadily moving onwards and npwards. Mien toey ehonld have hope in- toe Ohuroh., The Church waa -the .ymbol of -toeHpbit of Gad.8omsiieemed to thihk'thefi sstata wyre a thiDg iff the past ; that toe greatest gretoben were deed; that there woidd. be M Imbre '"Martin ' Lnthsra, no 'mom John Wesleys. Hetrasted toey didwot believe that. The greitest saints and preachers were yet to come. A.phild whirl -had been pnt to bed mtad when toe mother was going to take sway £? cT?4»,£<m,;btoMtoat God would way " God - and .'-leave toe candle. ' Many t Rkefetota .riuid. preferred toa visible ' signs; toey «ta>a —to 'see-'' A" targe congregation, to receive A good todleo- tatmT'bta.'Smaldr-tawhbef tort :torte reprraeiitBdhhe1p«nrtW' If toey rertieed toot to wrajpwntmHil nam toey -maun anoona m italliMfi.. toey .should 'have hope inj. 1henrielvBsr?-Miere 'Wss not One' who hod not, st one tirme-pr.-Ynotofr, hit ton pangs of i ra>fi< ?»t«aa«d«nata<rteih - tata-taririBakewSjdreuSVot Tbrheednot ; log ciyand -help. .-"The Divine secret of hope was in toe power of the Holy Gbo-t. Let toem all open their .hearts to toe entrance of the great Spirit of Hope. At toe conclusion of the evening service it was announced that by special request the mu sical portion of toe services wonld be repeated on (Sunday next, and ladies and gentlemen were invited to asnrtin renewing too decorations on Saturday afternoon. The anniversary celebrations will be continued this (Tuesday) evening, when a tea aod public meeting will be held. At toe Utter the Bev. Canon Tocher and other gentlemen will give addresses, and toe presentation of prims to the ohildren will also he made. 