[coxtiycejs 'fs03i ■ntdnesdj.t:s ZSSCE.] [i-Li EIGHTS EESEEVED.] now fiest 'published. sir jaefp,AY;s wife, By ARTHUR W. JIARCHMONT B.A., Author of "Misee Hoadlky's Secret, "Pi?joy Thsikg's Seceet," etc., etc. CHAPTER,XYin. A"C£ceT~. . ' The letter which Lola'had sent back to her husband to explain' her 'flight' was; to' him quite unintelligible; and the more he read :.itt-the; less could be understand Tier motives iri writing it.' ' /; My dearest, ....... ^ Would to God that I'conld still put hus band. :Biit my dearest, ever'and always and everywhere. What will you say, what will you thinly when you read this and know that we are never more to meet on this earth ? As •I write, you have just left me. Your kisses are sfcill burning on'my lips; your love warm ing my desolate heart; your touch lingering on my face and my hair ; your truth keeping me strong in resolve to right you; your words of love siDging in my ears. But that was our last caress. Now, our love is nothing but a memory; and this act of mine may even blot out yours. You will never see me again, Jafiray ; and I pray you never to seek me. Between us there is a bar that nothing can break down ; and though I am not alto gether guilty towards you I am not altogether innocent.' I would Eooner have died than haVedone this. It would hare been so easy jiibt to die in your arms ; bub I could not take my shame away with me ; and I think I have done what alone can cure some part of the evil that I have wrought. I cannot tell yon whattit is. I-pray you may never know. To-day when I lay in your arms I nearly told you all; nearly opened the flood-gates of all the sorrow and the pain and the distracting trouble", and just let it all come out. But something happened, a word you said or a tone I thought I heard ; and I stopped, and all was blackn£a3"-aBd'"gldom "agam: "There: is no way! but this ; and no_end for me but death, though -that--may-not be yet. - One thing 11 as£. . Try not, to ,think ill of me. Never believe I have not loved you with mf whole heart. Never doubt that, in any,_wild stories'which may ever reach you either as to the past or the future. Llf I am driven'to what may look like evil and wrong and crime remember it is'only'for your ^sake";' and be cause there is no other way. * And now go'od' bye, good-bye.—l ean, hardly- write.ior-the fears "which scald my eyes. Ah me ! The last word i I: shall ever say. ,to you.: Think, Jaffray the last word. My heart is as broken as my life!. But I must say it. Good-bye. \- | 'Lola,' The writing of the last few lines of the letter was!bleared and blotted and irregular; where Lola had not been able to keep her tears from running on to the paper or to hold her hand steady as she had penned the words.' Sir Jaffiray's eyes were dim enough as he read the letter,-and tried to find some reason for what had been done. What could it mean? The letter was the plaint of a broken heart, and every word and syllable of it spoke to tho love with which Lola loved him. And yet she had left him. He sat alone battling with the problem for a time, and trying to think what wa3 best to do; and when he could see no gleam of light, he went out to go to his mother's room, carrying the letter in his hsnd. As he was crossing the hall it occurred to him that he must- give some reason to the servants for Lola's absence, and ringing for her maid he said that she had been detained at Leycester Court and would not be home. Then Mr3. De Witt, hearing bin), came out of the drawing room. • Do you know I'm all alone, Magog V she said, in a bantering voice ; and then changing her tone at sight of his face she asked ' What is the matter 1 What has happened V 'Nothing is the matter in which you can help, think you,' he answered deliberately, 'lam sorry you are alone, but Lola has been ke-t at Lsyeester .Court .and,~"tl .-aot be -home to^ijhi. I'-asa probably, "going over tiisre inyse~~s> W* yc-n.; wait; tor. 3: tew narrates in" the dra—ing-reom ana 1 "id see •:^S3iere was^oinetbing iir-his manner-which 1 shook all the frivolity out of Mrs. De Witt, and without a word she went back into the room, feeling grave and troubled. _ T'nen Sir JafEray went on to hU mother a 10' Mother, there is trouble. Help me what ' to think and what to do. Lola seems to hay e been driven by some cause which I cannot jn i the least understand to take the desperate step of leaving the Manor. Listen to this, and he read the letter. ; She sat and listened in the deepest pam, and not without some twinges o! self- reproach as she read between the words of the letter tli3 BviQsncG of & heart battling *witu «vn over-whelming sorrow and driven in upon itself for lack of the helping counsel of ■womanly sympathy. The reading oi the letter left her com pletely baffled and bewildered, ' "What can it mean, JafEray': vvhat can the poor girl mean. Have you no sort of clue-nothing of any kind to guide you f What does she mean. ' Would God that I could put husband';' You don't—you've no cause to doubt V ' None,' answered Sir Janr&y;, sternly. I would answer for her "Vgainst the world. She has been driven to the last desperate act by something—heaven knows what—from which I could not shield her. . .Why, why did she not tell me ?' '■ : . < What could there be to tell i ' ] tow can I even guess mother V\ 'Can we look to the past for a clue, do you think ? Has she ever told you the history of the years with her father V ' Never a syllable that would throw a crleam of light on such a mystery as this. Of course not. I tell you it is inexplicable, ab solutely a mystery. But now there i3 no time for mere talk. I must act. I must be doing something or I shall go mad. Lady t Walcote- -paused a moment and watched .Sir Jaffray as he walkedjrapidly from one end of the room " to the other, grasping ; the letter in one hand, his stern,, gloomy face j bent forward. ; ! J 'There are: two people that may know something that may help you—Mrs. Yillyer3 and that Frenchman, M. Turrian. You had better see them both,' said Lady _Wai cote, deliberately., 'ffyou can get a glimpse of her reason forleaving here, it may help ^on to guess where, she would be likely to go, and so'totraceher. You mean to loot for her, of. course ? '. . ■ . 'I will never rest till I find her and bring her back,' he cried, passionately. ' If I spend the rest of my life in the search. But I am absolutely at a loss'even to gue_s3 where she would be likely to go. And it drives nse mad.' .... ' There are people whose business it is to make such a search.' ' Yes, I shall have down the; best man I can hear of. But I want to be doing something myself.' . . ■ Then you had better see Mrs Yillyers and M. Turrian.' 'I had a row with the Frenchman to-day, and kicked him out of the puce. I can't go to him.' ! You did what V cried his mother, turning quickly to him in her astonishment. ' What was it about 1 Lola V 'Yes,' answered Sir Jafiray, after a moment's hesitation. ' I found the begger actually trying to hurt Lola. I believe he meant mischief, too, and;I horse whipped hira, and turned him out/ • _ ' You frighten me, Jaffray,' exclaimed his mother, turning pale, and grasping the arms of her chair. ■ -rt-,;. •: . _;$• ' Can there.tbe any^iconpectipii; betweep that and this]' m. ' I never thought of-that,'-he -answered, in a voice low and anxious, ' Til fiad him, and drag out of him every syllable ho knows.' , ' Be cautious, Jaffray. _He_. .may. be, a. dangerous man.' ' He has more need to be afraid of me than I of him,' he answered; and soon after, he left his mother, and went away to make his preparations, . - - ■ - Remembering that Mrs. De Witt was in the drawing-room, alone,. and that he had promised to go back to her, he turned in" as he passed the door, She was sitting by the fire and got up as he entered. She looked very serious and distressed, and spoke without any affectation as though the consciousness that he was in trouble had frightened her into being natural. ' You are in real trouble, I can' see. If I can help you, say so. You can trust me, and a woman's wit"i8'sometimes;worth hav ing.' ' I will tell you to-morrow,' he said. 'Meanwhile ' There is no need to put off the news. Lola has gone away. I can see that—and you are blind, Where is that Turrian X He started at her words, and looked earnestly at her for a moment. 'I will tell you to-morrow,'he repeated. -Meanwhile, you must excuse me for this evening, and to-morrow, I am sorry, but I must ask you to bring your visit to a close. My wife will not be well enough, I fear, to get back, and I myself shall be away.' ' Why don't you trust me ?' she asked, a little warmly, and with a suggestion of re proach and-defiance.in her.looks. — „'Jt is not a case of trust or distrust. But to-night there is nothing to tell.' * 'As you will she retorted, shrugging her shoulders. ' Still you can havemyadvice even if you won't give me your confidence. Find the Frenchman.' ' He made no answer, but turned and left | the room and went to the library. Taking an old London directory he searched among the ] private inquiry agents until he found a name which he remembered—Gilford, of Sout hampton Row, Lsndon. He wrote out a telegram asking him to come down at once on an urgent matter ; and this he sent by a mounted niessenger to be despatched from a town ten miles away, where the office was open ail night. Then he had a saddle horse brought round and he rode off fast through the night to Mrs. Villyers' house, to try and gather from her some clue to Lola's movements. As he went he took up the. train of thought which his mother's words had suggested and Mrs. De 'Witt had enforced. Was there any connection between that scene of the morning and Lola's flight ? Had that villainous coward anything to do with forcing them apart 1 By heaven, if he had—and under his breath Sir Jaffray swore a deep strong oath—he should pay dearly for it. But how could it possibly be so ? If the signs of a true and deep love were ever shown for a man, Lola had shown them for him that day both by word and act. Not for a moment would he distrust her, no, not if all the world were against her to swear away her faith and truth and love for him. He would find her and bring her back. That he vowed to himself; and the thought that ho could do it comforted and cheered him and lifted him in a measure above the choking flood oi misery and regret. He would hold to fast»resolve. To that, ana to lib undimmea lore for her. -v>:!etrfie reached Mrs. Yillyer's house all wasIn'darkness. It wm late, and the house hold had gone to bed. Till that moment he had had a- faint, flickering hope that he should find Lola there. Bat the darkened house auenchedthe hope If she had been_there,jhere would have been some signs.of . an unusuaTITIr in'Ufe place instead of the.unpromising darkness. He roused"\he household, and when the serrants came' shivering"andirritableto kaorr who it was and what was wanted, he learnt that Mrs, Yilljers was froci home, -and had been away for two or three weeks. Asked where she was, they gave hsm ail address in North Devonshire. And that was all the in formation he gained by the long night ride. Then he turned his horses head homeward choosing the road which would take him past Leycester Court on his way. He was half minded to go and rouse Beryl and find oat whether Lola had after all gone there or whether she could help him in deciding in what direction to begin his search. When he reached the Court, however, he found the place in darkness a3 complete S3 that at Mrs. Yillyers' save only foralightfrom the window of the sick* man's room ; and feeling that he could do no good by rousing Beryl merely to put a question to her and to receive an answer which'he knew only too well would be that Lola had not been near the place, Sir JafTray turnedlhis horse's head again and rode straight for the Manor. As he neared home an incident occurred which excited him almost beyond control. He had ridden very hard and fast during the greater part of the distance, finding relief in the violent exercise, and quite unlike his usual habit, without a thought for the horse that carried him. But when he had reached nearly home, he noticed that his horse was very much distressed, and he drew rein to ease it, allowing it to walk. Then he found it had gone lame, and dismounting, he felt in the hoofs, and found a stone. Before he remounted he stood a^minute ,or two on .the turf by the side of the road, -to let the laboring,panting beast get its breath. Then, himself feeling stiff, he walked alonga short distance on. the £urf, glad of the change , from Ibe saddle!'.'V" r " 1 - 'He, reached in "this Tvay the outskirts of the Ash Tree Wood, the boundary line of his Restates in that direction, and there was surprised to hear what sounded like the rustling of light footsteps, in the wotod. It waa late, near midnight r(jr;past, and-no one bad fright to be abroad at such an hour. Probably some rascal was out poaching, Kb, thought; and at another, time he vould. have welcomed the idea of, a- trissIeC. ,B.u^. now he was too full of real trouble,-fo he: ■worried by any such trifling Incident ssthe theft of a head or two of game. He stopped, however, and listened in tently, and as the moon was shining brightly at the . moment, he drew, cautippsly under, the branches of a dark yew tree, whose shade was wide enough to conceal both him self and his horse. He was on-the opposite side of.-the road from the wood, and he clid not like to cross :t less the sound of the horse's hoofs on the hard ground, or the glare of the moonlight should reveal his presence. It was clear, however, that the person was walking in his. direction, and then he remembered that just at the spot there was a very rarely used footpath, leading.to the road from an untenanted cottage which rwas now falling into decay' • A minute later-his speculations were set at rest. I The flight gap: in, ,the -hedge where tlje. . path emerged -was -nearly Ulled up fby. jthet rank luxuriance of the hedge growth, and ; Sir Jafiray saw the briars and"Kranchfes . thrust 'cautiously aside, and a woman's hooded; figure fill the gap. She paused an instant Sas though in doubt. The face was; 'hidd/in: completely in- the shade of the hood which coverSdth'e'fie&d;, but the figure was perfectly well known to the., man, who was now watching with breathless interest. It was hi3 wife. At that instant his horse, a very high spirited and nervous animal, took fright at the woman's figure,, and with a snort .of. fear commenced to plunge'aiid stampede, and the baronet's hands being entangled with the bridle,^ his efforts to quietenT the animal impeded him completely, and to his infinite annoyance he could not free himself from the plunging excited horse for some con siderable time.;/ ; •- r 2 • . ; - :. ' ' Lola ! Lola ! It .is. I, Jaffray!, Wait' he called, fearful lest she'should take alarm and rush away in ignorance of who he was. As soon as he could possibly extricate himself from the reins, he let the horse go. But Lola had disappeared. He ran across the gap in the hedge, and standing on the threshold of the wood, called her name loudly, and waited till the echo of it came back from twenty different points,'seeming to mock him. ... Then he ran at the utmost speed he could use in such a place along the path into the wood, pausing now and then to call Lola by name, and to listen for the sound of a word or a footstep. But the place might have been the abode of the dead, and the figure he had seen a ghost, for all the sound or sign o? life he could find. Presently he returned along the path, re solved to get his horse, ride on to the house, and then come back and have the place searched. And as he reached the gap in the hedge again he saw a small white object on the ground. He picked it-' up,' and it confirmed his opinion and deepened' the" mystery" Vhich baffled him so utterly. I It was a handkerchief belonging to his wife, and as he, held it up in the bright moonlight he could see the name em broidered in black, in large old English letters across one corner—' Lola.1 ° [To be continued n,(z! Wednesday.) 