ACROSS THE BORDER. I bad been invited to Julia Butler's wedding. I did not approve of its coming off so soon after her aunt's death. There was indecent haste. I thought, in these marriage festivities 10 days after the funeral. But then I had old- fashioned idfasjsbojit some things. My judgetaent was not c6pi suited. " Corae and see the presents," said Alice, Julia's young sister, who wap dancing around in a gleeful way. " They are just lovely." " Not in here, surely ?" I said* drawing back at the door. " Tes, here," she said, laughing, as she pulled me in among the other dozen or so. of guests, who were talk ing in a subdued way, at ths>£ ex* amined the presents. I felt a cold shiver creeping over me as I glanced at the bed in the centre of the roofbii ichieR was bespread with presents. It was no wonder I shivered. The room bad grueBome associations. It was th<0 room in which Bhoda Crump had suf fered agony from an incurable disease for a year or more ; and from, that decked-out bed she bad bfeen Carried to her grave only 10 days a|fo. ? Somehow I felt too heaTtsick to ex amine the things. A glance showed me the usual number of cake baskets, butter knives, sugar spoons, and the like, and I noticed a han4joti}e bronze clock on a small table besicle the bed. That which hoW was a large crayon picture of the bride in a heavy guilt frame, which bad evi dently been enlarged from a photo, graph. The picture rested against the table which held the clock, and beside it, on the carpet stood an old pair of shoes, with the toes worn open. I knew the shoes. They were relics of Bhoda. I had been with her a good deal during her sickness, and had often rallied her upon her affection for those old shoes. " They fit every crease and joint," she would say in apology. It seemed as if the shoes diffused a sardonic grin upon the fine company around them. The eyes of the portrait drew me with strange insistence. I had heard Julia called, the image of her Aunt Bhoda as she was at 25. Now, as I looked, Bhoda'a eyes, as I knew them, sharp, keen; yet pathetic with suffering, seemed to be looking through those of the picture into mine. By degrees the whole face changed. The rounded outline. of Julia's coun tenance was effaced, and Bhoda's ihrewd, slightly querulous But kindly face appeared in its stead. I was wakened from my dream by a question . over . my shoulder from a tall young woman who had been look ing at the.picture when I entered. " Very true likeness ofc Julia," she commented ; " cfdii't you think , so ? I feel all in a crawl," she bent to whisper. "I must get out, it is so disagreeable here." . "Bboda Crump died in this room," I said, briefly. "Oh, did she?" queried the young woman: " I believe she ii here yet: There's somebody or .something un canny in the room. Do look behind that curtain. Someone may be liifk ing there for the silver," she added, with a forced laugh. ?' Nonsense," I said, as I swept the portiere aside and opened the closet door which it concealed. " See for yourself." She peered inside the clothes closet. " There's nothing so get-at-able as a burglar herej",deelared a woman who joined us just then. The others had filed out silently. , " I should suppose," she added " that Bohda Crump suffered enough in this room to be glad to get out of it, but I seem to feel her around." I glanced at the shoes. " Why are they here ?" I said iriconsequfehtly. She hurried out, but I was detained by some strange fascination. I stob'd by the bed staring into vacancy. Was it vacancy ? To my fancy- it was peopled with visible forms. I glahced at the pbrtra't. Julia had noil dis placed Bhoda. But Bhoda seemed to be an active creature in the .room, heading a baiid of shjufdwv followers. All at once I flmemberlS Wliat she had said to me a week before her death. "If I do not make things uncom fortable for that girV'-^-mfeSiijng Julia -" after I have got out of the body, it will be because I am not able, to exert an influence. There is retrib^|,ion in store for her especially, and I belieye I am to be an instrument. I shall find Help ITS the- shadow land to carry it out." Whjk I thought of this a. din from the sbi&ing; 6f many feet seemed to filf the room. Tfiree eouhdnig tips from tlife liedc!-. board of the bed sent ,me4hurrying out out of thetonin, as if fcfee OTd Nick was after me. I went and mingled,.with the others in the parlours, glad of a little hilarity to overcome the_bugaboos. The wed ding passed off pleasantly enough The pair lieft the house St a late hour to take a train to Chicago. While the rice rained in showers as thfef p'alsed out to the carriage, I saw someone standing in the doorway holding up the old pair of shoes and about to fling them. Julia turned quickly as someone shouted, " G|d shojs ISr good luck !". and. said with flashing eyes. ? " Don't ybu offer 16 thlroiV thfehi after me!" The hatred in her pretty face made it positively ugly. r i I lay a long time thinking tbat night, while James slept Quietly. I could not get Bhoda out of m^-mind. She had lost her, husband and child jeais . before, and was: called^jsather " queer" by her reWtives. She /tiad strange, abrubt ways, and wa& tfBt a geri'eAl favourite. Sot I had %?#ays , Irked her. She was a Btfong ^Dttan .mentally and I had often thought that she bore her terrible suffering with the heroism of a martyr. She had many good points. She was just to the lost jot and tittle, but she did not know' the meaning of the word," gene rosity," either in thought or acfr She was unforgiving and unyielding " Sender good for good, evil for evil,'(' was her njotto. She had niade her home for,, years with Kfer tnarried brother, j and there Had been constant friction I between her and the members of the household. It grew worse after her brother's death, and the strain upon all, by her long sickneBs, seemed t6 cap ihe climax of disagreement. Jthoda, had held her own opinioafe about the other world. She believed there was no cessation of action after the breath, left the body. She had never jt&feen; any interest in so-called modern Spiritualism, yet her viewfe had a strong flavour of that belief. " There is an invisible body inside of fchisbne we can see," she used to say. " People touch elbows with us every day, and we do uot feel, much less see tliom, except under certain receptive conditions. Is this so very strange? Are we usually conscious of pressure from .air or eiderdown ? Is there any thing very odd in the belief in invisibly people? Don't tell me we go off at once when we get out of this body, if we have any interest in staying around. I for one don't expect to be spirited away any farther than I choose fo .gp, . " She certainly hasn't left that room j tt," I said aloud, conviction growing strong in the darkness. .' That she hasn't," said a voic^ near me, .1 started up. Was it the voice of Hhoda? ^ , " Di<i you speak to me ?" James asked in a sleepy tone. "Oh, it was you," I said half ashamed of my credulity. " Let us go to sleep." ' . , But James was already snoring again. Julia's home was to be in Chicago. Her husband held a good position ori a railway, and her outlook was pros perous. At first she wrote of thd pleasant home she had in the Lake City. Presently there was a discon tented tone in her letters. She was lonesome at nights, with Fred away So miicli. There was something strange about the rooms where they lived. She, had been awakened night after mVht by sounds of shuffling feet ami short chuckling laughs in the room where she slept. Fred had heard t lie same on the nights when he was ai home. He declared the place was h.itinted. They, intended to move soon as possible. All Hi was recounted to me by Mrs Butler, Julia's mother, as I had known the family for years. One , uight about this time I dreamt'^ of seeing Julia and her hus band walking hand in. hand * tip the grxivi-l!t'<l path, shaded by chestnuts, which led to the Butler homestead. Ttoii»h their faces were familiar, they seemed to be children in stature, and their clothes were in rags. In my dfe:iiii t saw them go up to the iroiit door and ring this bell, then, as it did not open, they went round to a side door and began to batter it. Within a week I heard that they ivcre both back to the homestead, and iliat Fred had lost his position. When I went over to the house I found Julia changed from a rattling, thoughtless girl of six months ago to a subdued, unsmiling woman, disin clined lo talk much. After a while Fred got another position on a. railroad, though it com manded smaii pay. Julia remained at home with her mother. Withib four months her little girl was born. I was sent for that night. " Julia seemed to want you here," her mother whispered..; "She has the queerest notions. She thinks her Auiit Shoda Haunts her, and rtbat you will have, some power to lay the ghost. Of ! course it is all foolishness, but Julia j knows she was not very kind to her ! aunt, and in her state of health, she is liable to notions. I am glad you are here," , I wbht in and spoko cheerfully to Julia.. She looked beyond my Hiduiijei' neirbtisly. " I want you to stay round and keep her away," she said. " The doctor would .not understand if I told him ahything. He would think I was crazy." " No oneshall trouble you to-night," I laid soothingly. I had a whimsical idea that if Ehoda Crump was indeed aroupd, she would think it scarcely just to harass the voung woman in this her supreme hour. And she did not. Julia still remained with her mother. AVheh little Grace was a beautiful child of. six months old she suddenly Sickened and died. The doctor had no diagnosis to reach the c&se.; The child had befen JieiTeetly healthy and was laughing And crowing in her mother's arms, when the little form became convulsed with pain, and before the doctor got there she was dead. Juiia'fe tearless grief was touching. "I saw a black shadow come over her (ace like a flash just before the convulsions," Julia told me. " It seeu&M; like Aunt fihoda's hand reached cut to snatch my baby from me." ? ' " Bni-ely not," I said hastily. " We must not be foolishly superstitious." It wis Bot long aftfer this that Julia joined her husband, in the new, though rather humble; honie he was now able to "make tor her in the distant town where his worl^ Jay. They were only. fairly settled when Julia succumbed to her illness. "Weeks of intense suffering followeid, during which She was at the mercy of an uncrupulous nurse. Her mother would Kfcve gone to her, but her own feeble health forbade the journey. The rest of thifi curious -ktory batigs upon the old shoes, Blioda's wedding present. Julia t&id; ifafl all the cir cumstances three years afterwards, when her second child had come to cheer hfer heart. , She had never been troubled fwitb strange rioifie since' the Birth of little grace, though it had seemed to her daring her sickhesB that some grim relentless form was always by ber b&lsidti.; . But onfe ni^lit whefi She was convalescent and was free from pain once mor£ she dreamed of seeing Khoda, smiling, at,her bedside, while siie held up the b'id shoei ihd chiick led over i2»§tn.. In a jiffy she had them on her feet, and was dancing around, the robin like a madcap School girl, strewing small silver pieces on the carpet after her, and Julia saw1 that the silver was issuing through the open toes of the old shoes Faster and faster, and attoke herself laughing at the oddity of it. A week later word was brpugbtto her that Fred l»d beeh ii' jarfed a railway smash up and had to be carried to the hospital. The wolf was .Boon at her door. How to get bread while the bread winner was disabled was the question. One morning the bell belonging to her second floor rooms gave a re sounding peal. She hastened down to the door as fast as her weakness would permit and found there a man standing, who was enveloped iu a loose garment resembling the Roman toga. He looked tall and impressive. His face was of chalky, whiteness, and bis round, keen black eyes seemed to bore holes through 'her head as he looked at her. " Good morning/' he said with a bow, and speaking with a foreigu accent. " I will stiite my business at once. I am in search of a pair of dead men's shoes." Julia drew back, thinking he was a lunatic. " I am perfectly sane," he said, with a peculiar smile. " X repeat, I want a pair of dead men's shoes, genuine ones- You do not understand. Let me explain. I am before the public as a spirit mesmerist. I peform strange feats, and am sometimes accused of being in league with the devil. In the course of my training I I discovered by mere accident that by stepping into a pair of shoes which had once belonged to a man now out of the body I could become en rapport with his spirit. I could call him up before an audience will all his spirit associates and make them provide entertainment. Some influence direc ted me to your door, aud indicated the second bell." " I have a dead woman's shoes," Julia said rather sharply. It was only that morning she had coine across them in the bottom of a box packed by Alice. "So much the better if they are genuine." he responded eagerly. " May I see the shoes ? " Julia went up stairs and soon returned with them. The man in the toga took them in his hands and held them up. " She suffered," he said in a whisper. " She was unforgiving. She was just, but riot generous. She is an earth bound spirit now, but she is progressing." He changed his tone. "They are not my size," he said briskly, with a glance at his own small, neat foot, " but they are worth 50 dollars to me." Julia's eyes were blinded by tears when he gave her the erisp bank note from his pocket-book. " It is foolish, I know," Julia said at the close of her story, " but I half believe that Aunt Rhoda has en gineered a good part of my life since she ' crossed over,' just as she said she would. After I bad suffered enough for my heartless treatment of her, the old shoes I despised were the means-1' " Nonsense," I interrupted. " It is all your fancy. But what became of the man in the toga ?" " Oh, he put up big posters, hired a hall, drew big crowds, and made money, while the papers told of his wonderful power. Perhaps he was a humbug, but he saved me from starvation." -Sunday Mercury. 