Presbyterian Church. The following farewell sermon was preached by the Rev. R. P. Dickie in the above church on Sunday, October 13th : Jous, tGth Chap., 17th Verse.-" Neverthe less I tell )ou the truth; it is expedient for you that I go away." The keynote of this, as of the two chapters preceding it, is the forboding or apprehension of separation. This it is which cives the sombre colouring, the tinge of sadness, and the subdued, chastened tone to the words of Jesus on this occasion. Men speak with bated breath, and walk with softened tread, when death draws near, and when separa tion throws its chilling mantie round them. The coldness and gloom, the numbness and dumbness, which these bring with them, are contagious. In the very looks we wear, and in the words we speak, the chill and sorrow of a temporal or eternal separation are re produced. Do what we muay, in such circumstances we look what we feel, we cannot disguise what is in our heart. As a man the Lord Jesus was not insensible to the distressing nature of the ex perience now upon him. As the sinless and Holy One, He was the more ex quisitely sensitive and susceptible of its weight and woe. But as the Good a'thepherd of the sheep, He could rise above his own feelings and need. In view of the bewilderment and anguish, which, as He telll them the story of His approaching departure, He can read in the eyes and hearts of His disciples, He is constrained to forget his own, and hasten to their aid. His own burden in itself is more to bear than their all, but not so great or grevious as to hinder Himi from bearing theirs vith them also. Hence we find Him, in words of promise, pathos, and power; in words of preciousness beyond all utterance, and understanding, entering into their condition and need, and endeavoring with matchless art, and with more than a mother's tenderness to lead them to view rightly the gloomy dtspensation already upon them. In all the plenti tude of His compassion and sympathy He strives to lead them past the present, past the bitterness and dis tress of the moment, to the future, to the blessedness and conmfort beyond, the peaceable fruits of righteousness, which accompany or flow from every e.perience of sanctified suffering. " Nevertheless I tell you the truth, it is expedient for you that I go away." Had we been in His place, would not this have been our cry: "Nevertheless I tell you the truth it is expedident for me that I go away ?" And would there not have been good grounds for us thus crying? Who could have had any diffi culty in understanding cur Lord had these been His words: "It is expedient for me that I go away ?" He had lived on earth for 33 years, a life of hardship and humiliation, of the lowliest and most trying description. To go away would be for him to end all that, and to enter into an infinite and eternal re compense. In the world he had been " dispised and rejected of men, a man ot sorrows and acquainted with grief." To go away would be for him to return whence be came, to the bosom of the Father, to the worship and adoration, and loving allegiance of countless legions of angels, to Heaven's fulness of joy and to the ' pleasures which are at God's right hand for evermore." In view therefore of what he will leave behind him, as well as of what He can look forward to, well might He have said: " It is expedient for me that I go away." Yes, despite the grief and hope lessness of his disciples, despite their untoward present, and still more ugly future, these things would have warranted him in thus speaking, But His thoughts and concern are not of Himself. His chief care is His sorrow ing and stricken followers. For their sake.; He had come into the world, for their sakes he had toiled and suffered, and came thus far, and for their sakes must complete His career of toil and suffering. He must now derart from them. The last and great reference in His death, and His incarnation and humiliation, was manward not selfw:.rd. -" It is expedient for you," he has to say, "that I go away," Andyethad we bcen in His disciples' place, when Jesus spoke these words to them, woculd we not have found it difficult indeed to believe Him ? No words could have been more unexpected or strange for them to hear Well might they have answered-" Lord Jesus can it ever be That we should gain by losi.'O Thee?" H1ow, they might ask, could such a berea;vement as the loss of His personal presence be expedient or profitable for them ? If lie said to themln "1 t is inevitable" or '"it is needful." They might have schooled their stricken hearts into submission to an irresistible force, or to an inscrutable decree of God. But how could h:e say " It is expedient for you, sitcated as they now ar-? \What darker dispensation could have overtaken them ? Considering their present con dition and circumstances could a'y thing more unfortunate have befallen them? They have been but a few years His followers. As yet they ere miser ably ignorant and incapable, the very embodiments we might say of weakness and liability to stumble and err to go astray. And their astachmnent to Jesus has brought them intc collision with the powers that be, with those high in authority, with the cruellest and craftiest of enemies, religious bigots. For daily protection from such as these, as well as tor daily bread, they are entirely dependent on -imr. And has lIe not just been telling them that when lie has been taken from them; in the word they shall have tribulation, persecution, distress. famine, nakedness, peril, sword, that for His sake they would bekil:ed all the day long, and accounted assheep for thile slaughter? How then could his going away be expedient for them ? The very reverse of what his words intimate, seems to them the demand of the times. It is not ex pedient for you that I go away The great argument whereby our Lord undeavored to reconcile His disciples to His departure from them was this, that the advent of the Comforter or Holy Spirit, and His indwelling and inworking abode with them was dependent upon His removal from them, and would more than compensate His removal from them, would more than make up to them the loss of His bodily presence; tn one sentence and sentiment, that their present loss would be to them future gain. " For if I go not away," He sass, "The Comforter will not come to you, but if I depart I will send him unto you." And looking back as we can to-day with our fuller knowledge, and as His disciples themselves could do after the experience of Penticost, we can understand the full import, and perceive the literal truth of our Redeemer's words. Paradoxical as they at first sight appear, fromn our view point we have no difficulty in assenting to them. The issue of events proved beyond all question that the coming of the Holy Ghost into the hearts of those disciples more than made up to them the loss felt and occasioned by our Lord's removal from them, that in the words of the text, "it is expedient," better. E.G. so long as Jesus was with them in person physically, we know that in spite of the plainest and most painstaking instruc tion His diciplts' minds were filled with many prejudices and errors. In spite of all that He could say to them they still adhered to their expectation of a tem poral kingdom, and were unwilling to believe that He was to die. With one accord they say to him through their moutbpiece Peter, when iHe told them plainly that He must be delivered to the Jews to be crucified, "' Be it far from Thee Lord." 'I he thought was repugnant to them, they could not entertain nor endure it. It was too painful. Even alter His resurrsction during the 4o days He remained with them previous to His ascension we find them proposing this question to Him, "Lord wilt thou at this time restore .gain the kingdom to Israel?" So long as Jesus was with them they seemed utterly incapable of recon ciling themselves to His death, or of re cognising that '"His Kingdom was not of this world." But when he was taken from them, and when the day of Penti cost was fully come, and the promise of The Father was fulfilled to them, when the Holy Ghost came upon them and rested on them as cloven tongues of fire, they could no longer remain in doubt ar to the nature and meaning of His life and work. The words of Jesus with refer ence to this very experience were ful filled-" The Comforter which is the Holy Ghost whom the Father will send in My name, He shall teach you all things. . . . "When Ae the Spirit of truth is co-+e He wili guide you into all truth ; for He shall not speak of Himself, but whatsoever He shall hear that shall He speak, .nd He will shew you things to come; He shall glorify me, for He shall receive of mine and shew it unto you. Again, so long as Jesus was with His followers in the flesh, they could only know Ilim under the limits of earth subject to the conditions of time and space. He could be bodi'y present with therm only in one place at one time, and of his bodily presence they would at some time or other inevitably have been deprived. As a man he could not live for ever. But by going to the Father Christ sub stituted a spiritual for a local presence. So that he is now everywhere and unto the end of the ages present with his people, wherever and whenever they may assemble or be found in fulfilment of His sweet word of promise. " Where two or three are gathered together in My name theream I in the midst of them." " Lo I am with you always, even unto the end of the world." "I will pray the Father and he shall give you another comforter, that He may abide with you for ever," "I will not leave you comfort less, I will come to you." But again the great work of Redemp tion demanded His going away from His disciples in order to its completion or full accomplishment; and in tl.is they were individually and deeply interested. Although they did not know it, yet the day was not far off when they would realise that had Jesus not departed from them, had he never dared and died the cursed death of the cross, it had been better for them had they never seen Him, known him, or loved and trusted him. For in that case as we too know and feel, He would have proved Himself a traitor to their highest interests, a be trayer of the most sacred and solemn of trusts, the soul's salvation. To this end was He born into this world, end to this end it behoved him to suffrr, even the direst of agonies and deaths, that He might redeem them from all iniquity and purify them unto Himself, a peculiar people, zealous of good works To pro:e Himself therefore the friend to them He claimed to be, and came to be, it was most needful that He should leave them for a season. " As Moseslifted up the serpent in the Wilderness, even so had the Son of man to be lifted up. Before that He could declare with regard to the work Hle came from Heaven to accomplish, ' It is finished," He must needs bow to thIe august agonies and ex perience of Calvary, " It was expedient for them that He should go away." But lastly it was an evident arrange ment in the economy of Redemption that each of the three persons of the .odhead should have a part in it. Re demption in its appointment was the work of the Father, in its accomplish ment that of the Son, in its application that of the eternal spirit. What God the Father conceived, God the Son car ried out, and God the Spirit completed. So long therefore as the Lord Jesus re mained on earth, and so long as his aton ing work remained unaccomplished, the way was not open for the advent of the Holy Ghost in order to its application. In the interests, therefore, of the disciples as the intended preachers of the Gospel of Christ; and in the interests of the world as hearers it was expedient that Jesus should go away, depart to the Father, gy down to the grave and taste of death and rise again the conquerer of death and bell, that the Holy Ghost should be shed forth, that the comforter which pro ccedcth f:om the IFathcr and Son, might descend to testify of Jesus, and in and through his disciples convince the world of sin, of righteousness and judgment to come. Thus, for these reasons. on these grounds of doctrine, history and experience, the Saviour's utterance is fully justified, is seen to be the sober truth and only actual fact. After all, it was better for His followers that He should leave them then. But the teaching of thz text is not ex hausted by this its first and deepest interpretation. We might rake it still more literally, and as universally true and :'applicable, The expediency of separation even from the nearest and dearest, the most needful and the most helpful, the best loved and the most trusted, is an experience we must all sooner or later enter upon and take up into our lives. The law is universal in human life and ever and anon we find it stretnhcd right across our path, and laid heavy upon our hearts. To night in a measure have we cJme under its sway. 'Ihe sombie shadow of separation after a few short months of hallowed fellowship has come between, us, but not without the bright light in it that relieves the darkest cloud. The bcw of promise, and the "light that was never on land or sea " is in that word. '. It is expedient "and so in that light ere we part, and as we bow to this laws might, let us seek to learn the lessons its sway and sovereignty are meant and fitted to impart. The human heart cannot live in solitude, was never meant for isolation or in dependence. After the manner of the vine, whose frail tendrils must have an outside support to grasp and 'ha:g on by, our hearts' powers of affection stretch out as it were, yearning, clinging arms instinctively feeling after something outside themselves to embrace, rome thiLng to cling to, and to rest upon and in for support. In a word as created and constitute l we must love and be loved, be friendly and have friends, mix with our kind and find in our fellows sympathy, appreciation, fellowship, mutual help and impulse. We are by nature social beins, and just as natur ally and necessarily as we hunger ar.d thirst for food and drink, do we crave for these higher satisfactions. And these instincts as we might call thim of our nature, it is to be observed, these yearnings and cravings are not to be regressed. They call for training, for culture and direction but not repression or eradication. It was God's hand we must remember that implanted them in our nature to begin vw-th, and that is strong pre sumption that they are to be satisfied, not suppressed. But more than that God has made express provision for their satisfaction, their legitimate exercise, their training, culture and control. He has revealed Himself to us as the last and chief object of our hearts trust, esteem, and regard; as the prime fountain of all our delights and desires, the highest end and aim of our aflection, activity, and aspiration. (In an altogether peculiar sense, He has made us for Himself, and our souls never rest till they seek and find their rest in Him.) But to Himself in this capacity, as the sum and centre of our true life. He has given us in our friends an easy means of access and approach. In loved ones and their love, He has furnished us with stepping stones so to speak right up to His own heart. First in the family circle, in the united love and fellowship of parents and children, wife and husband, sisters and brothers, and then in the world's wider life, in such relations and associations as those in which we mix and mingle with each other day by day, cr as these in which we are this night met in this house, as children of a common Father, worship?crs of our God, and workers together in one cause. lHe would have us taste the sweetness and the sacredness of loving and being loved, that from these and through them we might in one course rise and be won to the highest and purest of all loves His own. "' If a man love not " it is written, " His brother whom he hath seen, how shall he love God, whom he hath not seen." It is from the human that we rise to the Divine, from the known to the unknown, from the visible to the invisible in love, as in other things. Then brethren has it been so with us in our mutual love and fellowship ? Is it so, that loving each other as we have learned to do these months we have been together, we have learned to love God more; yea most and best and first of all. Such was the Divine purpose I can well believe in bringing us together. Has it then been our personal experience? I think I can honestly say I have not preached to you nor labored amnong you, from a lower motive, or for a less worthy object. I hive not with Absalom con sciously set myself to draw away your hearts from the King. I have not sought tj commend myself to you, ex cept in as far as thereby I might com. mend to you my message and Master. Whatever my performance (and no one knows better than myself how feeble and faulty defective and imperfect it has been) my aim and intention have been to preach '" Christ and Him cruci fied," the wisdom of God and the power of God unto, salvation unto every one that believeth. My one prayer and eftort have been to set Him before you, in all His Majesty and beauty, riches and royalty, the sovereign Lord of angels and of men; of life and glory, of con science and understanding; that has set forth, your hearts might be won and wedded to him in devoutest attachment and allegiance, in sacramental steadfast ness and loyalty, in abounding adoration, activity and aspiration. From the first and all through, in this I freely confess you have extended to me the heartiest sympathy, every coun tenance and encouragement, comfort and support. In this house and outside of it, on Sabbath days and week days, you have welcomed me with every re spect, with a consideration and kindness that have been indulgence. and which have left me laden with a great debt of gratitude; under which I bow, ashamed of my utter unworthiness of it, and keenly alive to my inability even to thank you for it in the least. May I not then part from you to-night assured that our com;ng together has been to our mutual and spiritual edifi cation; that the benefitting has not been all on one side or in one kind, but that God in me has been glorified; and io your Letter knowledge and riper ex perience ol His love and power and grace to save. As I have already as sured you, my memories of Portland and its people in the years to come will be all pleasant and inspiring. I shall carry home to Scotland in my body, re newed health and strength, due to your sunny skies and salt sea breezes; in my soul on its every page, pictures of beauty and light, a joy for ever that never could have been mine, but for my sojourn in your midst, in my heart too kind words slpoken and loving deeds done, impos sible to forget or value, but the memory of all memories that will give gladness deep and strong, pure and abid ing in days to come, will be that of our mutual profiting in the things of God. Age and infirmity, time asd trouble, death and distance will affect the rest; this, the years will only confirm; this, time will only make more illustrious and manifest; thiS trouble will but ripen and reveal in its perfec tioa : this, death itself will crown with new life in the Better Land. 1 go to the old land, you abide in the new land. Should %e meet no more here we shall abide fir cacn other in that Better Land, in that country so bright and fair, where parting and tears are unknown and where all hearts are ceaselessly and per fectly happy, and all lives perpetually in summertide Till then let us meet day by day round a common mercy seat, Distance is annihilated there; there time and space vanizhl. Therefore meet me oftec at the mercy.seat; pray for me and my prayers shall ever rise for thee. Brethren, I commend you to God, and to the word of His grace, which is able to build you up. a-d to give you an inheritance among all them that are sanctified. Farewell! Be perfect; be of good comfort; be of one mind; live in peace, and the God of love and peace shall be with you. The Lord Almighty bless thee from His own Hearenly store; The fullness of His presence be with thee ever more. The God of glory keep thee, keep thee in ,erfect peace. Lea. ing thee bravely forward till every con flict cease. May'st thou in Christ be moulded, and free from every sin, And may all thy beloved be loved too in Him. In blessing may He bless thee; filled full to flowing o'er With gifts from Heaven above thee both now and evermore. Then on from grace to glory, and every victory WVith loved ones gone before thee, with those the race to run; In one long Hallelujah; In one long burst of praise May'st thou the song of triumph to thy loved Jesus raise. 