AMUSEMENTS. THEATRE ROYAL. 'A GAIETY GIRL." HftiJ I Cornus, god of festive mirth and joy, though brief thy reign the mimic court echoes the jocund strains of merry voices tuned to rippling melody, Care shrouding lier face in gloom flies into the land of shadows, and Laughter, holding both his sides, holds high revel. The garb of motley and the cap and bells, true symbols of gaiety, hnd ready greet ing meath the Southern Cross, and loyal'sub jects, bubbling over with merriment, are sing ing— We're under the spell of the Gaiet3' girls— ^ Heralds of merriment, spirits of laughter, Eyes gleaming brightly 'neatli shimmering curls,. Lips whose sweet music ascends to the l-afler, Ghosts of depression now vanish in air, Graces ineffable reign in their places. Smiles wreathe the features once turrowed with care, | Catching contagion from daintiest fnces; While even old Time stays his sand as it whirls To hask in the light of the Gaiety giris. A sea of eager faces wreathed in expectant smiles gave enthusiastic greeting to the members of the Gaiety Girl Company at the Theatre Royal on Saturday evening. From floor to ceiling the place was literally packed, and never has the auditorium of the Theatre presented a more brilliant spectacle, while it is safe to affirm that the success achieved by Mr. George Edwardes's London Company will serve, to fill to over flowing the managerial cup of happiness for the remainder of the season. To describe in sober prose the infinite variety of "A Gaiety Girl" is as easy as to imprison a sunbeam. Its story, light as the gossamer web the spider weaves, is strung with dewy drops of humor, which sparkle in the filmy mesh like glittering gems ; stirred by the breeze of joyous laughter they glow with living tire, touch tnem arid .they vanish into thin air. An idyllic love story, fresh and sweet as new-mown hay, lias for a companion a rcchauffi of.the tender passion shared by an elderly but amorous physician and a fascinating divorcee,' while symptoms of the fatal malady are plainly dis cernible in the pairing off of handsome guards men with dainty society ladies and charming "gaiety" girls. From the pleasure grounds in view of Windsor, the characters are 'trans ported to Nite, where the amorous ocean kisses the feet of the shining beach, and dainty maidens in irresistible costumes Hit about the foreground like sunlit humming birds. Light and intangible as air, the story funs its easy course to the music of joyous laughter and merry song, a dream ot fair women, and a picture from fairyland .bathed in the roseate glow of youth and loveliness. Any attempt to label "A Gaiety Girl" in order . to give it dramatic- . significance must necessarily fail, and it matters little whether it be musical comedy, extravaganza, or comic opera, or a subtle admixture of all three, it cannot be gainsaid that it possesses the elements of each inbeing bright, ethereal, and fascinating. There is a sparkle and epigrammatic terseness about its dialogue as refreshing as it is unwonted, a constant change of scene and character infinitely, diverting, a kaleidoscopic brilliancy of costume delightful to the eye, and a daring uuconventionality which possesses an irresis tible charm. Add to these a piquant flavoring of naughtiness; and a spontaneous gaiety which shuns such weak devices as halting rhymes and inane word playing, and some iaint idea may be formed of the attractiveness of this airy rmd fantastic comedy. Its interpretation is in the hands of individual artists whose person ality is eminently striking, but it is the perfec tion of its ensemble which constitutes its prin cipal charm. Minor characters there are, but they are filled with such conspicuous skill as to elevate them into an importance probably un thought of by the authors, wliilein the details of stage grouping, scenic effects, and „lively orchestration there is little to be desired. It were treading on delicate ground to attempt to describe the costumes, and yet they are so distinct from the scanty toilette of ordinary burlesque that some recognition of the pleasing innovation is necessary. Modern frocks, which to the feminine eye must be dreams of loveli ness, are worn during the first act; dainty bathing suits, the acme of charming frivolity, assert their sway in the second; only to be rapidly changed to carnival costumes which in their bewitching variety are simply indescribable. The ladies of the company present a bevy of beauty unequalled in the history of the Australian stage, charming features and graceful forms being allied to an artistic appreciation which cannot but appeal to the admiration of the audience. Miss Deeima Moore, petite and charming, makes Rose Brierly a bright and bewitching little lady with a pleasant singing voice, while her vivacity is displayed both in her acting and her dancing, which is full of sprightly grace. Miss Maud Hobsou lias an illimitable fortune in her face, and as the society beauty Lady Virginia . Forrest shows exceptional talent in the delivery of cynical speeches and cutting repartee. She cultivates the society of clergymen because though '"generally dull they are always respectable," but her butterfly nature is deliciously displayed in her flirtations with Dr. Brierly, while the abandonment of her acting in the bathing-box episode in Nice is equally delightful.. Miss Blanche Massey as the heroine Alma Somerset adds to a pretty face and graceful form a sympathetic voice and a quiet naturalness which made her impersonation of the character doubly charm ing, while Mrs. Edward Phelps as . Lady Grey, gave humorous verisimilitude to her present ment of a wealthy but warm-hearted lady of plebeian antecedents. Peculiarly enchanting was Miss Grace Palotta'sdelicious little comedy sketch of 'Mina, Lady Virginia's French maid", the piquant accent, expressive gestures, and ex-1 quisite vivacity of . the impersonation being singularly captivating, a pretty little ditty with a French refrain gaming a well merited double encore. The society ladies were charm ingly represented by the Misses Laura Kearney, Sophie Elliott, and Ethel Selwyn, and equally pleasing exponents of "Gaiety" girls were found in the Misses '"Florence Lloyd, Claire Leighton, and Madge Rossell. ; . I For quaint originality, and irresistible humor, ! the Dr. Brierly of Sir. Harry Monkhouse stands pre-eriiiiient. A family-likeness may frequently be traced in the t comedians who visit these shores, but Mr. Monkhouse is a type in himself, and the mould in which his artistic personality was manufactured pro bably got fractured, at least no replicas of the original production have yet beeii seen. Un obtrusive and. unctuous, his humor, like the widow's cruse, is inexhaustible; -it flows spon taneously, and while not dependent upon facial contortion is materially aided by an ex pressive countenance.': His principal points are quietly made, a'peculiar intonation, a sup pressed gurgle, or an eloquent gesture gives effect to-a situation full of drollery, ecstasy is expressed in a wriggle, . delight in, a fatuous: smile, and' despair in a quaint but irresistible contortion provocative of uncontrollable laughter. Mr. Monkhouse sings as well as lie acts and dances, as well as he sings,- his touching lyric anent ''Johnny on the water , slide", and his eccentric dance with Miss: Deeima Moore bringing the penalty, of success in an enthusiastic recall. Mr. W. Louis Bradfield, too, is a light comedian who quickly won the hearty approval of the audience. Mercurial in disposition lie possesses an. excellent singing voice, and is moreover a graceful and agile dancer, being conspicuous in a tuneful quartet representing the "Household brigade".and an amusing travestie of "Pagliaeci." The reception given Mr. I Charles Ryley ..was warm hearted and genuine, befitting welcome to an old favorite, and . as Captain Goldfield, of the Life Guards, lie fully main tained. his .reputation- both as an actor and vocalist, gaining a demonstrative encore for the well-known military, ditty " Tommy Atkins" and weli-deserved applause for his other selec tions. The Major Barclay of Mr. Fred. Kaye is an inimitable performance, and proves that the art of making bricks without straw was not confined to the ancient Egyptians. Not that there is anything Masonic about Mr. Kayo's performance, except it be the easily recognised countersign of exceptional talent,- but he manages to make much out of so little that he would, have been invaluable in the days of Moses, and as for his .make-up, well—one cannot but coincide with Dr. Brierly's criticism,: "I've seen -something: like that on an organ." Mr. Arthur Hope and Mr. Cecil Hope as Life Guardsmen, whose know ledge of active service is confined to polo, and whose experience of foreign travel is limited by the gronnds of Windsoiy are extremely realistic, and Mr. Leedham Bantock as a Divorce Court judge, whose presumably cerulean reminiscences are ■ promptly sup pressed, and whose personal appearance is strangely similar to that of a well-known Ade laide solicitor, gave a refined and humorous embodiment of eccentric character. Mr. E. C. Woodhouse had -little to do as Goldfield's servant, and Mr. Fritz Rimma as Auguste, the bathing attendant, made the most of his limited opportunities. Dancing seems to come naturally to every member of the company, but the pas seal executed '• in the first act by Miss Madge Rossell w;as tlie cssonce of grace, vitality, and picturesque posturing. Its effect upon the audience . was ■ electrifying, and the dainty danseuso was. compelled .to respond to the rapturous encore which followed, and again won the undisguised admiration of the house. A carnival dance by the Misses Maggie. Cross land, Lucy Murray, and .May Lucas, garbed in Pierot and Pierette costumes, was similarly treated, End had-to be repeated: in response to an unanimous demand. Scenic art is admirably represented by two charming pictures by Messrs. George .Gordon and J. Gordon, the one the pleasure-grounds in view of Windsor and the other Nice with a view of Monte Carlo,, two . remarkably beautiful sets, while the chorus and orchestra are fully in keeping with the universal excellence of the production. ■ "A Gaiety Girl" can only.be repeated to night and on the two following evenings, a matinee performance ..being-, announced for Wednesday, and on Thursday night the second event of the season, Town, will take place. 