SHORT THE JACK PRICE. Only a Dock Hand, But He Gave His Life For Others. . I suppose not one in a thousand wlllenre to reau a deck band's storv. People call us coarse and vulgar. Granted ; but our work makes us bo. There are ladies, 1 fancy, who will shudder at the thought of such a fetory, and gentlemen who will dip into it carefully,expecting to find a string of oaths. Judge for yourselves whether this tale of Jack Price, my partner, is lit for refined ear*. No need to tell you of a deck hand's life. A man that beatB about in the cold and rain, handling sleety ropes or balancing himself on the gunwale of a coal barge with twenty feet of swift water under him, in uot apt to be a pretty, kid-gloved, soft-voiced follow, If bis face is red it is because midwinter winds on the Ohio aro not good for the complexion. lie deals with rough work and is rough himself ; but his heart is just about as apt to be right as that of a member of Parliament or a judge. We started from l'ittsburg on the George Hammond in July, Jack and I. There was a big river, and we made good time to Louisville, where we shipped on tho Charley Roberts, bound for Orleans. To say we found it hot on tho Lower Mississippi gives no idea of the weather. Half the crew were nnflt. for duty. One morning there was • whispering nmong the boys. " What's up, Jack ?" said I. " Steve Robinson's down with swamp fever." The boys gathered in a knot around the capstan. Before long there was a panic among them. The mate shook his head and looked thoughtful. " The man must be put ashore," said the captain. " No, sir 1" cried Jack Price. " Who are you ?" "Plain Jack Price; but Steve don't go ashore. It's an outrage to think of doing ifc." " Who's to nurse him ?" " Mel" " Do you know what swamp fever 1st" •• Do I know anything ?" " Doubtful." "I'll nurse Steve, I tell you ! We've made five trips together, and if he's put ashore here in the swamp I go with him." You it is," said the captain, turning on his heel. " Not another man goes into Steve's Btate-room." For ten days Steve's room was quaran tined. Nobody but Jack Baw the inside of It. We saw him sometimes, carrying some thing to the sick man or sitting on the guards to get a breath of air ; hut every sou on the boat kept out of his way. Wo all liked Jack, but the fever might be in his clothes. He began to look pale, but he never grumbled. One day the news came out to us that Steve was dead. A few hours after we buried him on an inland in the river in pine box, and the only thing like a prayer said over him was from Jack : , "God help him I" The fever did not spread, and we all breathed freer. A few evenings after Steve's death I was on watch at the head of the tow, and Jack was with mo. We were pulfiug at tobies to keep off the mosquitoes. There was a haze over the water, but the stars were shining and the broad river was as quiet as lake. " Jack," said I, " I'vo got a raging head achs." "No?" said he, as if he asked a question. He took my band and held it. "Not fever, is it, Jack ?" " Come and lie down," was his answer. A dizziness came over me, and, without Jack's arm to steady me, I would never have reached my bunk. I remember very little after that. I learned afterwards that I was delirious, but how long I can not tell you. I remember Jack's face near me at times as in a dream—the kindliest face you ever saw, not handsome, may-be, bul a face with some of God's goodness in it. When I got back to reality again I found Jack bending over me. 1 was in the same Btate-room, and I could feel from tho motion that the boat was under way. " How long have I been here, Jack t" "Quite awhile, my boy." "And where arc we?" "Not far from Memphis." " Going up or down 1" "Going home. Don't talk if it tires /ou." "What was (he matter with me, Jack?" "A touch of fever: but you're better jaow." " Can't I look out, Jack ? It will do me good to see the sun." He raised me up as gently as a woman ^vould have done, and I looked out through the glass door of the state- room eagerly as a child. Had the sun ever shone so brightly before? The low wooded shores looked like paradise. No mountain stream ever seemed so beautiful to me as the great muddy liver. "Jack," said I, when he bad laid me down again, " what can I ever do to pay you?" " Pay me for what ?" •• Look at me ; I'm thin a9 a ghost. I must have been sick a long time. You've pulled me through, Jack." I've done nothing of the kind," aai^ he, laughing. I noticed for the first time how very thin and pinched his face wis. It seemed as if he had grown old. Look at me, Jack; you've been the best iriend I ever had." He made no answer, but took my hand and pressed it. I It seemed as if a mist came between us, aind I saw big tears standing in Jack's kindly eyes. • I thought I'd got past this," said he, coughing. Next day he came in smiling, with a ' letter and some oranges. "I went aahoreat Memphis,"be explained, "and found a letter from sister Ahnie. '-.," they're looking for me home." 1 ( " We 11 soon be in Pennsylvania again, jack." He looked me full in the face and smiled. His eyes seemed very large and his cheeks were bloodless. It saddened me to look at bim. " I must go now," said he. " I hope you will enjoy the oranges.' I was mending fast, and expected to be ' out very soon. Jack did not come again that day. Next morning the cook brought me a cup of tea. " Wbere is Jack ?" I asked. "Busv." I rtWight of him All day, but he did not come. "Cook," aaid I, at last. " I want you to ttellme the truth about Jack." " Don't you fret," he answered. /' But I must know." «i he's not able 4o be about." " Whe/e is he?" In No- 8. But you can't go near him ; he's got the fc'Ter 1 Delirious? Wouldn't know "Who's his own nursinc- him? mother !" «I am—wbat-mtle he gets. We can't wake a hospital out of the Charley * oSk''tried to stop me, but I staggered across the cabin into No. 8. I cotild hardly recognize Jack as he lay on the bunk, his faoe was so flushed and his «yes so bloodshot. He bad dropped down too weak to take bis clothes off. I took his band and stood beside him. " Jack, my boy, what's wrong ?" "Nothing, Sam." Jack never said much. He was better at doing than saying. L I looted at the poor fellow in despair. I had never nursed a sicK life. The captain came there. " Wo must have a doctor, captain," said [. " Might as well want a gold mine," he replied. " Cut look at Jack, captain. What can we do?" " 1 don't know." " tJam," said Jack, lookinp at me with a range expression, " you know my siBter, Annie ?" " Ccitainly, Jack." " I want you to tell me about me." " You will scon see her, Jack." " No, Sam ; I'm going." " We're both tfotng home." " Yes, going home. I'm tired ! Tired I" " Then rest, Jack. I shall be here." " Take my hand, Saui." " I havo your hand, my boy. Try to sleep." 'Yes," he went on, pointing, "there's Annie at tho door. She looks more and more like mother as she grows older. She's glad to see me from tho way sbe smiles." " Indeed she is, Jnck." " That's Sam's voice; he got over the fever well. I believe I had it, too. Hear old I'oint larking at the (jnte ; he's most as glad as Annie to see me back. Ah, Sam, it's good co be back in Pennsylvania— God's country I Annie ! Annie ! ' lie fell back in a stupor, with his eyes set. I felt a spasm pass through his frame, after which his hand lay in mine like a lifeless thing. I looked up questioningly at the captain. " (Kni help him 1 He is dead." ' Oh, sni»my not !'* " Dead I" he repeated. Only when I bent over him did I believe it. Jack was dead. " lie died working for others," said the captain, and in iieu of better words these must stand for his epitaph. 1 can only tell Jack's story ... in „ a plain ; way. 1 cau'not "fill your eyes'with tears as mine are filled, as there is no art behind my words. You read of good men—unselfish and heroic men that poets sing of and historians immortaliH'i— but here there was one that nobody ever heard of. Who was there to read a funeral service over bim in a lonely place on tho river bank next day ? Who prayed over the rough pine box 1 Not a prayer, not a hymn at the funeral ; only some tears that canit of genuine grief. We left him there on the river hunk with apiece of drii't wood to mark his grave, which the next flood would sweep away. I founvl a little flower growing there—a violet,I think, which I brought away for Annie. Jack was as homely a man aB ever you saw a big, raw boned fellow, with a twinkle of the eye that made one laugh. Had you been hunting for a man of polish and education you wou'd not have picked him out. His head had not been cultivated at the expense of hia heart. He used strong language sometimes svhen a rope got tangled or the pumps worked hard or the coffee didn't suit him. I am not trying to picture him as perfect; I want you to know him as he was. His voice in a sick-room was as gentle as a child's; he had a big, tender heart, kindlier than most women have, and a hand that served a friend until ready to drop from weariness. I remember him as he bent over me while I lay helpless with fever, a kindly light beaming in his face that beautified/it. I learned then bow unselfish he was t and my heart went out to him, as youiB would have none had you known him. This was Jack at his best. 