1 he White Lie, -o "Yesterday morning the body of a -well-dressed woman of refined appearance was found in the Thames at Richmond. Every means of resuscitation was tried in vain; life was extinct. Her linen bore the initials 'M.W.' Up to the time of going to press no clue had been obtained to her identity." That was the paragraph that appeared in the papers. This is the story of M.W. that the papers did not know. She was a governess and he married her. His world smiled ; his family looked askance; his uncle politely intimated that if there was one thing that bored him more than another it was a fool, and wished him a regretful but firm adieu. At the club it was observed that Lord Oswald Chevenix exceeded his usual allowance of Madeira at lunch, and was seen to read his favourite paper upside down, on the day that he parted with his adopted son. Frank Wentworth cut all his old friends, took the wife for whom he had sacrificed a prospective ten-thousand-a-year home to a second-floor lodging in . Bloomsbury, and set to work to discover the market value of a respectable degree at Oxford and a nice taste in horseflesh and neckties. Guildford Street was a change from Grosvenor Square. And at the end of three months, when his watch and chain had gone to join his spare cash in their landlady's exchequer, he had learned the indisputable fact that the City was not waiting for a young man who had never earned $ penny in his life. He had begun his search for employment by indulging in visions of a secretaryship for four or five hundred a year—"not luxury, of course, but with economy we could manage." He ended by accepting a clerkship in a fruitbroker's office which would just enable them to live. By this time the gilding of romance had wot-n a little thin perhaps, and the pinchbeck of reality, had begun to show beneath. At first the idea of working for her—the idea that she was dependent upon his brains and reliability—had filled the boy with elation ; he had felt a hero with a strength of Hercules, eager to do battle for her against the world. But unfortunately theré was no opportunity for the display of his energy and ambition. An emergency, a danger, might not have found him wanting, but the limitations of life in a City office taxed his nefcves, stole the buoyancy from his step, the brightness from his eye. Her continual presence, too, had lost the charm of novelty. Nevertheless no word of regret passed his lips ; he was not a cad. But the eyes of thë woman who loved him saw how he -wearied and sickened of the petty economies of their daily life, and wept in secret at the ruin she had wrought. " Our marriage was a mistake," she told* herself. " I was to blame. I knew more of poverty than he." « I -was to blame "—how woman-like ! It never occurred to her to reproach him for want of foresight and self-knowledge. " I was to blame !" Mea culpa became the motive power of lief every wdrd and action. In her effort to repay him for all he had sacrificed she hovered about him with tender solicitude during the few hours lie spent at home ; she questioned him with simulated animation about his work, and tried to cheer him with the songs he used to like. But the lodging- house piano jangled painfully, and her eyes, following him dog-like and wistful in their mute fidelity, vaguely irritated him. He was conscious of her attempts to amuse him, and grateful for the intention, but he would rather have gone to bed, or have read his newspaper in peace. Yes, the novelty of her presence had gone. Continual fretting, too, was robbing her of the delicate freshness of colouring which had been her chief charm. He perceived it for the first time one afternoon when she came to meet him on his way home. On the same occasion he noted that her boots were shabby to shapelessness, and that her gloves were darned. Of course, it was not her fault, poor girl, but lie hated a dowd ; the accessories to the toilette of a woman of refinement should be above reproach. He could not help it if the manner of his greeting was the outcome of his thoughts. She turned with him and they walked home side by side. In Holborn she left him for a moment while she went into a grocer's shop to purchase some necessary adjuncts to the evening meal. As she rejoined him outside the shop a smart brougham, impeded by a block in the traffic ahead, paused for an instant by the curb, and a woman leaned forward to bow to him. Hotly conscious of the uncompromising parcels in his wife's arms, he lagged a step behind her on the crowded pavement in order that he should not be connected with her by his acquaintance of the olden days. The action had been slight, involuntary almost, but she noticed it ; he read it in the ghastly whiteness of the face she turned to him—in the pitiful smile with which she met liis shamefaced gaze. Startled to a clearer understanding of himself he touched the hand in the cotton glove tentatively, for very shame simulating ignorance of what he knew. " What is the matter ?" he said huskily. " How you look, Marion 1" Her quivering lips only retained a faint ghost of the smile ; there was 110 effort at reply. Her silence made him feel infinitely small and mean, and he strove to exculpate himself, and soothe her pain. " Marion, I haven't been myself of late. I don't think I'm very well. Forgive." She murmured her forgiveness, and, repentant, he strove to amuse her—to talk some colour into lier cheeks ; but his endeavours were in vain. Truth to tell, she scarcely heard him ; she was looking at her reflection in the shop windows they passed, and wondering dully why she had never noticed before that the bloom of her youth had gone when it should have been at its zenith, and left her fade, and pallid, and almost plain. It is a horrible moment in a woman's life when she fully realises that she is a curse to the man she loves, Marion realised it now, and the knowledge ate like a cancer into her soul and never left day or night. " We should never have married. It was a mistake. I was to blame." The sentences recurred to her more frequently than ever after that afternoon, and new ones—terrible ones—supplemented the old. If she were dead his people would take him back—he would return to the old happy life which was his birthright. If she really cared for his happiness more than her own she would kill herself and restore him to his freedom. It would be the kindest action she had ever done him 1 She knew it, she was assured of it ; and yet she shrank with indescribable fear and loathing from making the thought a deed. For she was 110 heroine of romance, but a woman with all the vitality and desire to live belonging to wholesome flesh and blood. ' Even the conviction that she could only hope to watch his love fade to nothingness and see him perhaps learn to hate the woman for whom he had relinquished so much —even that conviction bred no desire in Bickford for Drawing Room Suites lier to leave him while her grief possessed the power to'revivify his waning tenderness. Yet she had ruined hi in, and it was the only reparation possible for her to make. Therefore it happened a morning came when she ran down the stairs to kiss him once more before he left the house. And then when it was growing time for him to come hume the sat down and wrote a note, telling him what she was going to do, and bidding him good-bye. She watched the ink dry with abstracted eyes. Then her brows con traded sharply. Why should she cause him needless pain —perhaps remorse—by the knowledge that she had sacrificed lier life for his sake ? Better let him think it was an accident which had given him back his freedom. She tore up the note, thrust the fragments into the fire, and commenced another. " My dearest,—I have gone to see my old friend at Richmond. Don't wait supper for me ; X shall stay the night with her. I know you won't grudge me a little pleasure ! If you are dull without me this evening amuse yourself by thinking of me by the banks of the river far from stuffy old Bloomsbury. And I will think of you. A kiss for you, husband. Good night.—MARION." She sealed the envelope with the engraved keeper she wore above lier wedding ring. Then she dressed herself and left the house. When he knew she was dead of course lie was terribly shocked—shocked the more that a lurking do'ubt was in his mind as to how and why she died. But he strove his best to stifle it since it was unpleasant to retain. A fortnight later, when, in deep mourning, lie was strolling moodily down Piccadilly one Sunday afternoon, he encountered Lord Chevenix. It was the first time they had seen each other since Frank's marriage. They started—looked doubtful—paused. "Hallo," said Lord Chevenix, "how are you?" " Hallo," said Frank, putting out his hand, " ho.w d'ye do ? Both men began with " Hallo !". Both were moved, but both were Englishmen. Lord Chevenix prodded the pavement with his walking- stick. " You've lost your wife, I see ! I read it in the papers.'' " Yes," replied the youug man, jerkily. His voice S5?nk. " It was very terrible !" " Oh, very sad. I condole with you." Lord Chevenix pulled his moustache. Mechanically they fell into step side by side, and a silence followed. The elder man broke it. "Here's the club," he said. " Come in and have a cigar." They entered. They talked. Not of her, nor of the last few months ; by tacit consent such subjects were tabooed. They spoke of the days before their separation, and Frank heard all the latest gossip of drawing-room and club, and dropped as naturally into the old tone as if he had never lived in Bloomsbury on the half of two pounds a week. Unconsciously his old animation of manner returned under the charm of familiar associations, and once he laughed with quite a genuine ring of mirth, until, remembering, he checked himself with a blush. It was with visible reluctance that he rose to go when a pleasant hour had passed. " What ! Are you off ?" said Lord Chevenix." " I'm afraid I must get home," he stammered. " Of course you can go if you insist, \but there is really no necessity," said Lord Chevenix slowly, flicking the ash from his cigar. " We can send my man up in a hansom presently, you know, to fetch your belongings and settle with the woman of the house." Their eyes met. Frank breathed thickly. " My dear boy, you were an ass," continued Lord Chevenix with conviction, but the raison d'être has been removed by a kind Providence. Be grateful— to Providence, I mean, not to me. I have missed you damnably. I shall be glad to have you back." " You are tremendously good," said Frank, affected. " I shall be very glad." It must have been an awful bore for you," murmured Lord Chevenix, sympathetically. " It wasn't pleasant.'' The young man meditated with his eyes 011 the floor. " As you say," he added, " perhaps what has happened is for the best." l< Everybody is liable to make a mistake once, but only a fool fails to profit by the experience. You're not a fool. Frank, and now you're well out of the wood you won't get into another, eh ?" Frank laughed. They both laughed. Lord Chevenix flung away the butt of his Havannah, and clapped him on the shoulder. " We must bury a tiresome episode once for all, dear boy," lie said. " Let's have a sherry-and-bitters ; our little dinner shall deserve it." BICKFORD for Carpets 