OPENING OF A NEW SCHOOL. DEAN KENNEDY ON CATHOLIC EDUCATION. The blessing of the new school of St. John the Baptist at Henley Park, Thebarton, was performed on Sunday afternoon, September 1, by his Grace the Archbishop of Adelaide, the Most Rev. Dr. O'Reily. The school, which is for the use of boys, is a galvanized iron build ing, lined with matchboard and scawc-d, 40 x '23 ft. Mr. Shcvlin is the contractor, and Mr. II. J. Cowell the architect. The total cost of the building, including furnishing and fencing, is £TJ9 7s. 10d., and the cost of the land, including interest and transfer, is £203 1:2s. =£404 10s. lOd. The total receipts, in cluding proceeds of the sale of the old school, are £^71 13s. lUd., leaving a deUt ot £13o tis. The members of the Guild of St. John the Baptist Total Abstinence Society, with their baiid. formed a procession from the Queen of Angtls Church to the schoolroom at 2. ;]0, under the leadership of Father Healy. The ceremony of tlie blessing took place at the door of the school ;tt 3 p.m. LI is Grace the Archbishop was accompanied on the platform by Dean Kennedy, Archpriest N---vin, and Fathers Healy, Murphy, and O'Neill. There was a large attendance in tlie schoolroom, Messrs. L. O'Loughlin, M.P., and F. J. Hourigan, M.P., were present on the platform. Dean Kennedy gave an address, in which lie congratulated those present on the good work they had begun. They had in children a precious deposit coniided to their care, and they should take every heed lest the crafty destroyer of souls took them away. Europe in tlie Middle Ages had the greatest reverence for the church. With few exceptions it was Christian in faith, laws, and customs, and also in the arts and sciences. These she developed until they came nearer and nearer to perfec tion. In the sixteenth century the empire of the church became weaker ; the voice of the supreme pontiffs was not listened to, and a terrible rupture took place. The church remained the same kind mother, feel A new element appeared which dug a deep pit between Christianity and society, and un fortunately it had not been closed yet. It was therefore a matter of great importance to examine what the element of discord was. Everything depended upon education, wliich forms the man. Europe in the fifteenth century was Christian in its institutions, and how were the J'otmg taught? They were taught the priuciples of re ligion, which thus became a portion of their constitution. The people were first in structed in the Christian doctrine, and not until afterwards in the pagan * classics. The mould of Christian education was broken in the sixteenth century, and a pagan mould took its place.- That mould was regulating our children in the State schools of this colony. The mould there was not Christian — it was a materialistic mould, and as surely as the stream flows from its sources so surely would the children be raised in materialistic priuciples. Was this a Christian colony ? Presumably it was, and if that was so why did the people allow their children to be broughtupinapaganinould ? The State schools contained everything calculated to throw cold water on the Christian system, nay, to make it despised. Catholics would never allow their children to be educated in schools where it was almost a crime to mention the name of the Lord Jesus. In educating children they must educate not only the intellect but the will and the heart also. What was there in the State schools to enable a child to control his will or to form his heart V They were more likely to produce a civilised monster — a monster intellectually educated, but neglected as regards the heart and will. The average daily attendance in the State schools during the past year was 37,S8(i, aud the yearly cost to tlie State for primary education was £123,577. The expenditure on school buildings was £ij.24O 18s. Gd., and on the Advanced school £622 10s. The total ex penditure on the education of children in the State schools last year was £132,440 Ss. Od., or about £3 9s. 4d. for each .child in daily atten dance. Taking the number who had passed through the schools during the year as 57,!iSu, each one cost to educate £2 us. Sd. The Catholics formed about one-seventh of the population, and the seventh of £132,440 Ss. lid. was £18,920 Is. 3d. That amount would almost clear off the diocese debt in one year. Last year's Catholic Directory gave the num ber of children attending Catholic school iu the archdiocese of Adelaide as 3,-810, and in the diocese' : of Port Augosta as l,03S; total, 43S48; or in. round numbers about one-twelfth of the children going to the State schools. I£ lie -took one twelfth of the total cost he found_ their share would be £11,036 Is. 4d.J Considering the expenditure on education wliat were the results that the colony had to boast of ?. It wasa system abhorred by Catholics; and one which every conscientious man would say was not right, The resulting ignorance of Christianity was sometimes most deplorable. A young man came to him the other day to be admitted into the church. He was nicely educated in the State schools, but ho did not know what had originally happened on Christmas Day or Good Friday. He was a young man of education, with some refinement about him, but he had no Christianity.! He hoped the Catholics would consider the figures he had quoted and -rould see how they are cheated. Let any man and woman see that their names are on the electoral rolls, and return only those candi dates who are in favor of doing justice to the Catholics. It was impossible to make Christians of children who had been cast in a pagan mould. It was only where it was im possible to have Catholic schools that Catholic children go to the State schools. . The Educa tion Act had been a curse, for in a few years we should have a colony of materialists. Tbe Government was cutting down the salaries of Civil servants, and why expend such a vast sum on education? It was a great injustice. All that had l)een advanced against the Pagan schools applied with equal force against the Government system of education established in this province. The present system, as by law established, had been in existence for several years, and were the results at all commensurate with the heavy outlay incurred in its establish ment and support? Most certainly not. It pleased no one except the secularists, or rather the class who denied the existence of God and Hie divine revelations. Was the moral condi tion of the people improved by it? _ It was not long since they read of a meeting having been held in the Town Hall at which representative ministers of the various religious bodies in tho city took part, for tho purpose of inducing our legislators to enact more stringent laws against certain vices which he would not mention. He could not think the Holy Ghost had much to do with the system or its principal abettors. It would have 'been better for the colony were half the money which was and is being lavished in establishing and supporting this iniquitous system of education expended in developing its material resources, and the other half handed over to those whose proper business it was to look after the education of the people. Were this done, we should not now have to witness the scenes of poverty and destitution, uot to say vice, wliich met us at every turn. He found in Prussia, where a system of education similar to ours was first enforced and rigidly carried out in that country, the ocular plan had been Long ago abandoned. At first the statesmen who directed this important work believed that Eecular education was the only plan by which they could overcome the difficulties caused by religious differences, and the public schools were made purely undenominational. There for a time the teachers were chosen in equal proportions from the two religions— Catholic and Protestant— and the schools were called 'simultaneous.' This, it was' hoped, would put a stop to jealousies. It did so in fact, but it was found, when the_ teachers were pre vented- from giving religious instruction, that a fatal indifference to all religion was the con- 1 sequence. Freethinkers would no doubt hail this result as a sign of hopeful progress, indicating the advent of a sort of religious unity by the exclusion of all religion. But the Prussian Government did not think so. The men at the head of the Educational Department clearly saw the deplorable effects of forgetfulness of God and the claims of conscience. This state of mind soon manifested itself by the absence of all respect for authority, and tho wide spread of revolutionary theories and secret societies and ever-growing scandalous immorality. As early as 1S22 the Minister Von Allenstein in the Cabinet rescript for that year, April 27, calling attention to this state of things, gave expression to his views in favor of a return to denominational education. 'Experience has shown,' he said,' 'that in these secular schools the chief matter of education is not sufficiently cared for, and it ies in the nature of the case that itcannotbe.' Speaking at a later period he said, ' The time wliich has elapsed since 1S48 appears to have wrought a general conviction among all prac tical men thet the denominational school is the only school that is at present possible in Germany.' The Government in conse quence changed its system and established schools where Catholics and Protestants might be taught under the directions of their respective pastors. The elementary schools in Prussia had been for nearly 30 years purely denominational. If the school was for Catholics the teachers were Catholic and the books Catholic. If the school Protestant the books and teachers were Protestant. Surely it was no insult to our legislators in South Australia to ask them to follow the example of Germany in this. Time did not permit iiiiii lu piiiruc utiuic iLieiu Liie aiiu cucuia iwuii ing from secular education, so-called in France and America. Those who wished to learn more about it were advised to read a little work entitled 'Public School Education,71 by Rev. M. Miiller. In conclusion he called the attention of our legislators to the Epistle of St. Paul to the Romans, first chapter — 'And as they liked ? not to have God in their knowledge God delivered them up to a reprobate sense,' &c.; He did not think there was much in the objec tion that if the Catholics had a grant the other churches would require one too. The Protestants, including ihe Church of England, were fairly well satisfied with the present system, for they sent their children to the State schools. The Catholics in return for the grant were willing- to have their schools in spected so that a proper standard of secular education might be maintained. He hoped they would help their pastor by assisting in paying oif the debt of £133 wliich remained on the school. The Archbishop congratulated the Catholics of Thebarton on the completion of a building to be used for the education of tlie children of the district. The financial condition of the . diocese forbade theni launching out into great | eX|Xvnse. The question of education was t4ie great one for Catholics all the. world over, it was well said by Cardinal Manning that if the present generation pulled down the Catholic schools the next generation would pull down the churches. lie was glad to see all Catliolics ready to follow tlie Vicar of Christ in his call for the maintenance of the religious education of their children. He was determined that from this day forth h-: would give his consent to the pur-;-hase of no land :md t]v erection of no building in the dioees'.* until two-thirds of the expenditure involved arc iu hand in hard cash. A collection was made at tlio close of the address, which resulted in £!/7 11s. (id. bring placed on the table in liquidation of the debt on the school. 