ANSWERS TO CPRRE8P0FJDEHTS. . THE TURF. A.L.G.— For tho last Melbourne Cup 37 horses paid 30.sovs.. 71 horses 10 soya, each, and 27 horsos b suvb. , making a total of 1958 nova. '.paid in nomina tion fuos.forfuita and Una! payments. O.G.— Phantom was owned and trained by Mr.- John Look whou ho broke tho seven furlongs record at L'ieuilngton. . Advocate.— Tlio. totalisator was invented about tho year 1868, and was seen in England on the 10th August, 1870, on the Wolverhampton racecourse. Its use., their gave riso to the well known caso of Uuliott y. Thomas, in which Lord Chief Justice Cockbum hold that the totalisator or purr-imuuel was "an instrument of gaming," and therefore illegal In England. -D.C.— Archie ran unplaced in the Victoria Derby won by Martinl-llenry. 'O.C.— Dukedom was owned by tho lato Mr. W. Brunch when lie wou the V.U.O. Handicap. BllALUO.— Yes ; the liurdio racer Volcano lias run six furlongs in 1 min. 14 sec. r DANDKNONO.— The threo which ran a doart heat . for. Bocomli place were Littlo Sister, Capri and Copra. I'MI.—The Andes was by St. Albans, and a good performer in the Western district. Cooi.GARDiK.Dur.Ulon won tho V.R.C. Standish Plate, ami Midsummer Handicap, Williumstowu . Cup, llobart CJup (10 st. b lb.), Liuneuslon Cup, V A. i.e. durst and Sucoml Hurdle llacus, and many other races. Franz.-— The places were flllod by The Ghost 1, Primus 2, Duouim 3. ui.vivt.mni.-iM , mi wubia mm expuuses in re lation to determining an objection or conducting an inquiry must be paid by such person or pcrsuus ami: in such proportions as tho stewards shall direct, ami in default of such payment such person or persons, shall be and remain disqualified until such payment Is made. Si'JYM.— Apply to the secretary. WmsKKRANDo.—l. In praise of Wlmlebono and . Whisker, it has been pointed out that not only wore they the sires of successful racehorses, but their daughters were also of great value, both on tho turf and in the paddock. Fledge produced Tbesias, who won the Derby in 1811-; Woli gave birth to Middleton, tho Derby winner in 1825 ; while another of her daughters was Filagree, who produced Cob- wob. and Trampolini, -which ' helped to lay tho foundation of a valuable stud for tho Earl of Jersey. . 2. Waxy was a descendant of the Godoiphln burse, I boiugbyPot8os, out of MiuJabjMtocod. granddaml Lisetto by Snip, qjofoMiss .WbicfctML by tlio Godolphin Arabian. .iWmdtlACowniiU'kot on lOtlrApril, 1818 th epffoi 28 yeifis,1'/ >. M.M'D.— Tiny added money to the ftlelbohrno Cup was inenfcuptV to £10;U)0/jh8y0 (qaHbhie's .0. M.— We xnow vnothing of thapoby re ferred to. V "r-v '% J rOOTBALLl ' ' II.D., -Middle Parfe— irMelbolirnc wore last premiers iii 1876. 2. They occupied tho position of runners up the last two seasons. R.P.— As the ball touched the ling on the inside of.tho post but not tho post itself going Uirouuh, it 'Jsagoal. T.E.M.— Thurgood did nob ongage in manual labor as the term is generally applied ; he was a clerk. F.S.S., Wnhgunyali.— J. «T. Trait has lived at Goo- . long for the last 20 years, so the Htatoment that he : lived in Ballarat in 1878 is incorrect. D.J.', Mooroopna.— You would certainly require a .permit before you could play with a metropolitan team. \- Old Subscuiiikr, Northcote. — Geclong and North Melbourne never played on the East Mel bourne Cricket Ground on an Easter Monday. The two clubs named have played on that ground ou a (Jueeu'a Birthduy. ; CRICKET. C.A., Redruth. —Runs scored oil the bat from a ;no ball count to tlio batsman. B.J., Tnelowood.— J. Phillips was born 1st Sop- tembbr, 1860. A.'D.P.— W. G. 'Grace played four innings last season for Maryiebone foran. average of 89.2. CutORKT, Warrak.—Au aboriginal inQueenglnml /throw a crickot ball 140 yards, the distance being ' '.testified to by Mr. D. S. Wallace, who witnessed ;the feat. ; Cif.vui.ii:, Mount Browno.— Blacklmm has nover played for any colony excopb Victoria. ROWING. C.M.G.— Gnudaur has rowed tlireo milos with a turn in 19 min. 6 sec. T. C. D., , Melbourne.— Adelaide won tho Inter University race, at Port Adelaide in 1889. Sydney : University did uot compete. Rowlock.— Mr. S. II. Gollan coachod tho QucenR- Jnnd crow last year for the Intercolonial race while' they .were in Melbourne. Query.— W. Dawson, of tho Ballarat club, holds Hio amdtour sculling championship of Victoria. lie did not scull in the Victorian Rowing Association Regatta against E. Powell. Novick— J. L. Bannister rowed for the North 'Shore club in the Championship race. ' / couusiNa. Steward.— If absont for moro than 10 minutes in open coursing, and 5 minutes on enclosed grounds (according-to the. report of tlio slip stowaru or any one of the stewards), its opponont slmll be entitled to. cliiirathe course, .and shall In .that case run a bye. If both dogs be ubsout at the -expiration of 10 jmlniites in open coursing, and 6 minutes on cnolpsed ..grounds, tho stewards shall bave power to disqualify both. dogs, or to line their owners. ' Douglas -B;— -The .first laws of coursing wore drawn. up by tho Duke of Norfolk iu Queon Eliza beth's reign, HUNTING. \ AviiD-i/OAT.— it cuo scent uoos not come troin tne 'breath of the animal hunted, it must come from tlio generdl eflluvia of tho body, and :be gonerally trans-: mitted from tho body,; and os tho feet are the only! portion of tlio bodyTliatTouclrtho ground wo think that- a large portion .of tlio scent is transmitted 'through the feet This would account for tho fact dhat the scent- is always better in a heathy country, where 'tho fur brushos tho -hoathor as the animal passes. . ATHLETICS. ..Y.ouno Rkadbr.— On taking :liold tho wrestlers stand up chpst to chost, each pTacingdiii chin. on. his opponent's right shoulder, and <grasping him rouml the body, cacti placing liis left arm above the right of hie antagonist. " P. I— Re was not qualified to compote as a maiden, and is consequently not entitled to tho prize.: . t . .. . - CARDS. : Salpoud.— If the adversaries try to exact an al leged jpunalty,. they are not allowed to correct their demand. In revoke cases they -can consult, aud must abido by their fiual-deoision. .MISCELLANEOUS. ; Inlander. —Tho Isle of Dogs derived its name frombbiii tho depOt of the spaniels anil greyhounds Naturalist.— Tho chaffinch foeds its young 36 times on hour on greon caterpillars ; tlio titmouso 16 times an hour with various insects ; the blackcap, redstart and whitotliroat aro equally industrious, and a single pair of starlings will get rid. of moro than 12, OoO grubs in four mouths. The wren and bodgespavrow feed .entirely on iuseots throughout tho year. The thrush, blackbird and fieldfare eat snails and slugs, Land OWNER.—Vudor the English Ground Qamo Act, tlio occupier of land has d right— concurrently with any other person entitled to kill game— to kill nnd take hares and rabbits ; but he cau only do so himsolf, or he, may authorise in -writing cortain per- 1 sons, viz., members of his housohold resident on tho land in his occupation, porsons in his ordinary service on such land, and one person bona fide om- ployed for reward in taking and killing ground amo. . Moreover, only, uno of such persons can use rearuiR ; and that person must have a gturliccnce, and not kill at niglit; THE GUN. Shooter, Bondlgo.— Tho Molbourno Gun Club, Mr. P. Levi, secretary, 2 Univorsabcliambors, Col- lins-street, Molbourno. .The Melbourne Sparrow Club, Mr. G. 1. ICingsland, secretary, 240 William- streot, Melbourne. 