BAPTISING CHINESE CONVERTS. At the Foster-street Chinese Presbyte rian Church last night, seven Chinese con verts were solemnly baptised ami publicly received into the Christian faith. Tho cere- mony of baptism was performed by the Rev. j. Young Wai, the pastor, who was assisted by the Rev. Alex. Miller, M.A., of St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church. There was a crowded congregation, English and Chinese. The early portions of the ser vice were similar to those used in all Pres byterian Churches, the only differeuco beiug the use of the Chinese instead of the English lauguago. Tho hymns wore froiu Moody aud Satikey's collection, and were rendered by au efficient choir, tho Chinese members of tho church staging heartily. Tho Rev. J. Touug Wai preached a sermon iu Chinese on "Baptism," basing his re marks on Acts, il. chap., and JSth verse. "Then Peter said unto them, Repent, ana bo baptised every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. Tho discourse was earnest and eloquent. At tho conclusion of the sermon Lhe Rev. A. Miller announced the name of the con verts, who were standing directly in front of tho platform. They proved to be Luko Din Hoong, aged 22, a Chinese physician, who decided for Christ nine months ago; Thomas Jow Geo, aged 20, a greengrocer, who has been an attendant of the church for two years; John Pany Mew Suen, aged 22, a market agout, and a constant atten dant. at Mr. Young Wai's servieoK Tor over I two years, during one of which he has been a servant of Christ; Philip Lee Wing, aged CO. who has also been a converted num_for 12 months past; Stephen Foong Quail uoo, aged 55, a gardener, who accepted salvation threo months ago; Matthew Yuen Sew, aged 4G, who acknowledged himself a sinner six months ago, and found pardon; and Paul William Pow Oliee, aged 20, an interpreter, who was converted to Christianity four months ago. Tho English prefix in each case is the baptismal name. The Rev. A. Miller asked the candidates for baptism a series of questions bearing on their public confession of faith, all of which were satis factorily answered. Then tho Rov. J. Young Wai, calling each by name, said solemnly to them iu turn, us he sprinkled them with water, "I baptise you In tho name of the Holy Father, tho Holy Son, and tho Holy Spirit ; Amen." This cere mony concluded, the Rov. A. Miller ad dressed the converts, . the Rev. J. Young Wai translating the words into tho Chinese language. There was moro singing, more prayer, and a brief closing address, the ser vice which commenced at 7 o'clock conclud ing at 9. _____ _____ _ 