IRELAND. THE WITCH SUPERSTITION. The funeral of Bridget Cleary, who was burned to death near Clonmel, County Tiperary, in the superstitious belief that she had been carried off by the fairies and an evil spirit put into posession of ber body, took place at Cloveen last Thursday, and was boycotted by all her relations and neighbors. Not one civilian attended the burial, Bud the rites of the sepulture were performed by four police constables. There was no hearse, and the coffin was borne by a common car from Fethard. The significance of this will be understood when it is remembered that the Irish peasantry regard a funeral not only as an expression of respect for deceased end of eym pathy with the family, but as invested with a certain degree of sanctity. The fact is, however, that the people believe—or, perwith a view to the defence of the prisoners, affect to believe—that the real Bridget Cleary will come back, riding on a white horse sent by the fairies, and that if they can succeed in cutting the reins of the horse they will secure her. With tbis object there are persons on the watch on the mountains, one ot whom is specially provided with a sharp knife to cut tLe reins. The magisterial inquiry into the occurrence is still proceeding. In addition to the evidence previously given, a daughter of the principal witness, an intelligent child named Kate Burke, who was an eyewitness of the scene, was examimed and corroborated in every detail the statements ol her mother. The prisoners declined to ask the witness any questions, but most ol them said that she was quite right in what she had 6tated. They were again remanded. The Clonmel magistrates are sii<l engaged in hearing evidence against the prisoners, Michael Cleary, Patrick Boland, Pat Kennedy, James Kennedy, Michael Kennedy, Wiiiiatn Kennedy, John Dauu, William Dunn, Ddnis Ganey, and Mary Kennedy, charged with the wilful murder of Mrs. B. Cleary, wife of the first-named prisoner and daughter of the second. William Simpson, a caretaker, stated that on the night in question he went to the house of Patrick Boland, and on the way met Mrs. Bourke and her daughter Kate. They went together to the house, and on reaching it heard shouts, apparently in men's voices, of " Take it, you old , or I'll kill yon." He could not see in through the window, but the door was opened shortly afterwards, and they went, in. Colonel Evanson.—Was there anything that led to the door being opened 1 The witness.—They were obliged to open the door, as I thought, to put out the fairies. Continuing his evidence he said tbat he and the two women went in, and they heard shouts of "Away sh6 go; away she go." He then saw a number of men holding Mrs. Cleary in bed. These were John Dunn, Patrick Kennedy, James Kennedy, and William Kennedy. Mrs. Geary's husband waB standing by the bed, holding a saucepan in his hand, and he asked Mrs. Cleary, " Are you Bridget Bjland, wife of Michael Cleary, in the name of the Faiher, SJD, and Holy Ghost T She said, in reply, " Yes, I am." Thi3 question was repeated several times. Witness saw Michael Cleary give his wife some liquid in a spoon out of a saucepan. There were herbs in the sauce pan. Cleary was forcing the herbs into bis wife's mouth, and she resisted. Water, too, was thrown over her. Pat Boland a ked- her, " Are you the daughter of Pat Boland 1 Answer, in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost." She did not answer, and the question was repeated more than once. Questioned as to what these people were all in the bouse together for, witness said he believed " they were driving out the witch," ar d the door was open for the purpose. When she woull not answer the question some one, he believed John Dunn, said, "Make down a good fire, and we'll make ber atis ver." There was a fire burning at thi* time in the kitchen. 8he was lh«jii carried in front of t he lite by Juhn Darin, Patrick Kennedy, William Kennedy, aud ttsr husband, and was again asked the same question!). Witness did not remember her making an answer. The men who were hoioiog her then laid her ov<>r the fire, Cleary holding the saucepan eil the lime. The body was bent, and forced in on the srat.>,:and few hips wstwl ou it. The otVu r p rsous i'. '-bp r»"m tnade »i n f <!is- (jprovai. Ii rep v to h< r f- h r, »h d her, "Are you Uk «1agh r • •» Patrick BaUnd, wife of Micba<-1 Ciearyl Acfswer ia tU? eiw of CM," ghe said,'«I am, dada." They were then satisfied they had their own. What do you mean by that 1—That they had Mrs. Cleary, and not a witch. Then what had they got before ?—They believed they had a witch. They shook her when she was in the bed, saying, "Away with you. Come home, Bridget Bjland, in the name of God." The same men took her off the fire when she had answered satisfactorily. She was then put to bed, and they asked her questions, and she recognised all in the room. S3me of those in the room then tried to console her. At 6 o'clock in the morning Cleary went for the priest. Why did he go for the priest ? —They thought that there were some evil spirits in -the house, and they wanted to have mass said to banish ihem. The witness went on to say that he met Cleary on the Sunday following, and Cleary said to him that the parlies who convinced him about his wife would not go with him to Kylenagranagh Fort, which was supposed to be a " fuiry inhabitance." He asked witness for a revolver to make them go, but witness would not give it. Clrary also told him that his wife would be at th > fort on a grpy horee, and he was bringing h knife to cut the cor-is that tied her to the saddle. Cross - ex-mined, the witness said he did not see Michael Ker nedy take any part in tho proceedings. The R6v. C. F. Ryan was next examined, and stated that he had attended the deceased woman previous to her deatb, and gave her the last rites of the Church. On the Saturday following her d*>ath he saw Cleary in the church in Diavgau. lie was behaving like a madman, leorirg his hair, and appearing to b>} suffering from n;mor«e. He aeked wii^ss ii' ihuiigbi he would be Corgi von. Duuo, wlw along wjta Cieary, t.jid wif-n^e that thc-y ha-i burceil her to death asv-; burial her, and b; had been asking Cleary ali the mortiiig to give her Christian burial. Had he knowu there was any such thing HS wi'chcraft or fjul play be would h*ve refused to say ruass in the bousa. IIH had communicated with 'he polio-, and told them to have their ou Cx-ary. Ou Tuefidsy Mr-. Smpsoi!, the wife of thf> witness William Simpson, generaliy cot firmed Lis story. Wh'n the woman was carried to the kitchen fire, which waa a slow fire, not hot enough to boil a kettle, the witness heard it said by some that " All the questions should be answered b'-formidnight," which she understood to lueau thai the witch CGuld not be driven away later than midnight. She saw nothing in reference to a hot poker, but there was a mark as of a barn on the forehead of the deceased. She knew where the " fairy ring " was at Kylenagranagh Fort, but was never there. She heard Cleary tell her husband on the Sunday following the murder tbat his wife was at Kylenagranagh, that they would g3 for her, that she would be on a gray horse, and that they wi-uld have to cut the cords that bound her on the horse. She did not know whether they went. District Inspector Waneborough said the body bore traces of having been burnt severely. A representative of the Daily Express, who visitod the piece, has ascertained that after a doctor had prouoar.oed Mrs. C eary to be suffering from nervous excitement some of the neighbors volunteered their opinion, and an old man announced that the woman in the bed was not Miohael Cleary's wife, that one of her legs was longer than the other, and that she was a fairy. Father Ryan denounced the outrage in the strongest terms at ma9s on Sanday week in Cloneen Chapel, and called upon tbose of his hearers who knew anything of the sff*ir to communicate .with the autho- rities.— Times, 5"h April. Lsdies who kiss their dn^e ate warned by no an authority than Dr. Megnlo, ot the P:rio Accdrmy of Sdiei.w, ibatthe little beasts are ote of ihu grmt sgetciea in spreading uiefftBP, frRpeci-il'y consumption. The Speaker of th« H >nse of C mmons ec« tertains ibe members hr tourer iti rctftfclc-n. A-. b-/w«ve; t court drres aud sword are d« rigueur tr, is not ev«!jy m: ni'ier who carets to go i<j ;ucti ixpww. Iii obtj ovi? iusistic*? w£6 a t-wi-rd di'ptrs'C.ed wi'L, a-d fhf-t was the Hon, J )h . Bright, who positively refu6td to be to adot ifed KNO'S FBUIT SULT."—" Rosin ttege. Veiltnor, Ifleojt Wight- " " The t&ectaJgtiDy; casjjg) constitute Bge. M^ curf d of a-iii 1 qu'+p •xr.por.rii n 1 f I by 'ali... Mjsuct * ;fcir« i;o'.ti«w. I fee11 vuM. to mhkc sane ackcowleiijriofrn;, so trust fHu will rxente this.—SugA bj all Qtaai»u vtf 