FOOTBALL. WILLIAMSTOWN v. FOOTSCRAY. TiiknK teams met for the second time this season on Saturday. It will be remembered that in the first contest the ’Town came out victorious after a really fine game. Since then our twenty have consistently retrogressed whilst the “ Scray” have been steadily asserting themselves. The day was beautifully fine and as there was no wind to 6pcak of, a good game was expected. Both teams included a or 4 junior players, and taken on the whole they acquitted themselves very creditably. Footseray went off with a great dash at the commencement and carried everything before them and were it not that their shooting was inaccurate, they would have placed the result beyond doubt in the first quarter. As it was in the first quarter the in-colors had nine possible chances but only succeeded on one occasion whilst the visitors from one solitary try had the miwfortuno to strike a post. The pace was rather too warm to last and Footseray steadied down con siderably in the second term. Williainstown had n little the better of the game in this quarter sowing 2 goals 1 behind to their opponents 1 goal. From this till the termination of the game the contest was of a very even and interesting description, and it was not till Footseray obtained their fifth goal that the Town supporters gave up the ghost. Although not a few of the visitors were disappointing in their play still there was some splendid football shown during the afternoon. Footscray’s place men were on the whole much superior to their opponents, but in the ruck the 'Town showed to greater advantage than the home team. In fact I have not seen so much unity amongst the followers for some time and their quick exchanges greatly pleased the onlookers. The game too was played in a manner highly credit able to both teams until near the close of the game when a few of the players seemed inclined to loose their heads. However, nothing serious happened and although a couple of Footseray players received some slight injuries, I was informed that the occur rences were purely accidental. Dyson was unquestionably the best of the Williainstown hacks, if indeed lie had an equal on the ground. His marking was about the best I have seen this year and was worth going many miles to see. A. Thomp son was much better than he has been previously, and was responsible for a lot of substantial work. Ogilvic took McCallum’s place back and did fairly well. Hall was very patchy and his game was in marked contrast with his display in the first match when he was about the best man on the ground. The ’Town’s ccntrcjinejwasjfar below the Scrayitcs. Kcilly was a complete failure and never seemed to have a chance, and Thompson shunned Williams as if he were a wild animal; however, he made amends when placed hall forward and played a rattling game. Coram was the best of the trio and was very busy throughout the afternoon, indeed I think ho has not played a better game this season. Bob Gibbs whether forward or on the wing was quite at home and showed great judgment throughout. Walter Warren was not at his best, but towards the finish both Knight and Guthrie putin a lot of useful work about the goal. As I have above-mentioned the ’Town’s ruck was better than the Scray’s and in this department of the* game no player was nearly so good as Grifiin. He played a clever game through out and enhanced his performance by bagging two splendid goals. Bob McCubbm was seen at bis best which is saying a great deal, and Fribbs although inclined to be a little selfish played a very useful game. Adams was not quite up to his usual stan dard, and James showed a decided inclination to go into the crush albeit he made a few brilliant dashes during the afternoon. Footscray’s defence was very strong, Hood being a shade better than Wilson and Davey. Dick had none the best of Coram, but Evans and Williams were much better than Riley and Thompson. Williams showed rare dash and played about his best game this season. Grunden was very tricky on the half forward line and showed too much generalship for the town players. Of the skirmishing party Rutley was the most successful, Gladstone and Chadwick being complete failures, although both had plenty of opportunities of scoring. In the ruck, Stranger was the hardest worker, but Dean a local junior and “ our” Jimmy Maynard were the most effective. The latter although very light treated the onlookers to a splendid exhibition of the game. He played the Jball all through and always finished up by passing to a comrade. Moly neaux umpired the game satisfactorily to both sides being both strict and impartial. Our boys have the bye to-day and perhaps the spell may do them good. However, it is to bo hoped that they will not neglect their training as they will have to*be|at their|very best to defeat Carlton this day week. We have had quite enough of consecutive defeats lately, and if the players wish to save the club from last place they should threw a little more enthusiasm into ttheir work. __ We have received the Balance Sheet of the lato Art Exhibition from the secretary, Mr W. H. Bunn. It is as follows Receipts.—Cash at door, Jill 9s Gd ; sale of catalogues, £2 14s Gd ; tickets N.A.A.S., £5 ISs; Ladies’ Benevolent Society, £S 15s 5d ; Refreshment stall, £6 19s SJd ; Donations, Rev. Mr Cross, £1 Is ; Rev. Mr Groves, £5. Total, £34 4s lid. _ Expenditure.—Rent of hall, £6; printing and advertisement, £5 4s ; timber and cartage, 4s 3d ; distributing handbills, 5s; sundries, 13s Sd. Balance paid to Secretary Ladies’ Benevolent Society, £24 17s 2Jd. Total, £37 4a l{d. 