A STUDY OF TEMFTATION. [By Yen. Aechdeacov Faerar, D.D., Dean Designate of Canterbury.] IT. And Balaam E&MiAjnto; the angel of the Lord, I have sinned. — Num. X3fii, 34. I have spoken to you of the lessons shadowed forth in the grand S&fory; of the prophet Balaam from the first cherished seed of a besetting sin to the moment when that seed rushes as it were into crimson blossom. We were unable, through lack of time,' to follow the sequel of his history; we only advanced so far as to see that when^he persisted in walking in his own way, 'and eating of the fruit of his own devices the adversary went fortli to meet him. -There is a frightful satire on his moral and -spiritual blindness in the fact that even the dumb ass is sensible of the danger and terror in the path, while he who gave himself the proud title of the man whose eyes are open, who heard the words of God and saw the vision of the Almighty, falling into a trance, yet, having his eyes open, he is sadly unaware of the terrific presence. Could there l)e a symbol more rich in warning ? The Eastern style throws everything into allegory ; familiar with the magic trees and talking animals which in all ages have entered into Eastern fable, the writer could not have set forth with more startling simplicity the conceited dulness of determined sin. Is not history, is not the common experience^ of life, full of instances of men strutting to their own confusion — advanc- ing boldly, blindly, unconsciously to manifest destruction, when the angel of the Lord lias re moved a little farther from them, before he takes his final stand, with a drawn sword gleaming in his hand, in the narrow space where there is no turning, with a dead wall on either side? The dumb ass in this forcible picture^ has quicker spiritual sensibility than the guilty prophet. There conies a time in the awful mystery of sin when remorse by no means leads to repentance, when a man sees what he is and loathes what he _ is, and yet will continue to be what he is, his heart hard as the nether millstone, and his understanding dark as a midnight without stars, tied and bound with the chain of his iniquity, and yet hugging that chain— such a man as he hurls himself in vain against the adamantine barriers of God's prohibitions, and furnishes one more proof that whosoever will stumble on the stone of God's law shall be broken._ but that on whomsoever it shall fall it will grind him to powder. Balaam proceeds on his evil way, still the slave of bis besetting sin ; he is bent on earning Balak's house full of silver and gold, and being promoted to great honor. He seeks for enchantments, lie tvies to elicit the curses of the demons : if he cannot bend the immortals he will move hell from beneath. It is in vain. Against his will he is forced to break into that unparalleled series of prophecies in all their rhythmic grandeur, and to Balak'fc complaint he can only answer, 'How shall I curse whom God hath not cursed, and how shall I defy whom the Lord hath not defied ':' And then, as with a deep sigh of discontentment at his own false position which yet he willnotabandon, he adds, as though it were in spite of himself, 'Let me die the death of the righteous, aud let my last end be like his.' It was thus at Barmuth-Baal, it was thus in the field of Zophim on the top of Pisgah, it was thus at the top of Peor which looketh towards Jeshimon, it was thus when abandoning all further search for deuion divi nations, he set his face towards the wilderness. God had blessed and he could not reverse it. till at last, when Balak's anger was kindled, with a cry he smote his hands together and bade Balaam flee to ''his place no richer aud no greater, but much guiltier than when he came. But how intensely sig nificant to all except the dulness of a vulgar and a shallow conceit is the whole of this story ! The devil is always ready to bid high for the soul of man, but lie does not care to pay. The sinner finds that he has sold his soul for naught — for a crude apple and. a lost paradise ; for a mess of red pottage, and 40 years after for the exceeding great and bitter cry ; for a Babylonish garment and a wedge of gold buried beneath his tent-sod, and then, for the stoning and burning aud accursed heap in the valley of Achor ; for the blessings of the evil genii, which are curses in disguise. His misfeasance fruitless, unperfected, unrewarded, disap pointad, discredited, Balaam rose up and went and returned to his place. But besides this stem and constant lesson of the nugatoriness of sinful hopes, which are torn like the spider's web, how nobly consoling is the lesson that when God blesses not all the world with its virulence and its venom, and not all the demons with their enchantments and with/ all the sorceries of hell, can reverse or stay that blessing. How desperately the powers of evil have always tried to do so. This is why Christ's truest servants, while they receive indeed a hundredfold reward, yet find it always attended with perscutions. That is why the joy of the Holy Ghost in all its ful ness come? to them with much affliction, that affliction is dealt out to them as it was to Christ, often at the hands of the nominal church, and through ths intrigues of priests and Pharisees, hypocrites, quite as much or more than at the hands of the world. What happens to earth's noblest? They are called Beelzebub and Samaritan and Deceiver and Devil, _ as our Master was; they are whirled amid a chaos of hatreds and hefied in a hubbub of lies. So was Athanasius and Chrysostoui, and Wycliffe and Huss and Savonarola and Martin Luther, ajid the English Reformers and Wesley and Whitfield, and Kingsley aud Morris and Stanley - How many of God's saints, like countless victims of irreligious persecution, have sighed out their souls upon the torturing rack, or have been stoned like Stephen, or sawn asunder like Isaiah, or wandered about destitute, afflicted, tormented, 'like the Scotch Covenanters, exe crated by the priests of false religions and the votaries whom by lies they dupe into degraded bondage. Does the curse and excommunica tion, even of the so-called church, alter, much less can it reverse, God's eternal benediction? When, after Savonarola's long-continued agonies at the hands of the most execrable even of the popes, the bishop tore off his religious habit and said, ' I separate thee from the Church militant and triumphant.' ' From the Church militant you niay, said the holv martyr, 'from the Church triumphant, no*! for that is not in your power.' Yes !? hide God's servant in the black and filthy dungeons of Romish inquisitors. Yes ! smash his legs in the boot or scourge him with leaded thongs, or tie him to the stake in the path of the advancing tide, yet even then, yes, even in the burning fiery furnace, the angel of God shall be with him as a moist whistling wind amid the flames and shall beat Kack their agony with his dewy plumage. Yes, even at the worst, we would choose the martyrdom of John Huss, at Constance, or of Bishop Latimer, at Oxford, rather than the death of Tiberius at Capri, or Pope Borgia at Rome. For the ways of the wicked are always dark and slippery, and amid hurricanes of worldly and churcbly malice the beloved of the Lord shall always dwell safely, for his feet are on the rock. Yes, the death of the wicked cannot but mean a fearful looking forward, and the death of the righteous is but a step into the open air out of a tent already luminous with light which shines through its transparent folds. Now mark the sequel. Can anything be more senseless than for a man to bid God wait his leisure, to lavish upon Satan the bud and blossom, the dawn and burning noon, the rich wine mantling in life's golden cup, and never intend to reserve for God anything but life's decrepitude and decay, its ragged and muddy leas, its dim and drizzling twilight, its rotten lilies and cankered roses? Salvation is not thrust upon us ; salvation will not depp on any of up at haphazard. He whose wish, it is to die the death of the righteous, if that wish be 'sincere, must begiii now- to live the life of the righteous, and how few even of pro fessing Christians are in any true sense righteous, 'lest having been often reproved and hardened in his heart he be suddenly cut off and that without remedy.' Not for one moment do I limit the omnipotent mercy of God, for which for many a time I have pleaded from this pulpit. I limit it not either for ever or beyond; nothing is shown by experience to be more futile than the profane reliance on a death-bed rejxju tance. If Scripture has told us of one such that we might not despair, it has told us of one only that we might not presume. We know the old English legend of the sinner who, being killed by a fall from his horse, appeared to his beloved and said, Between the saddle end the ground 1 mercy sought and mere}- found. And we know how Dante describes the soul of one as saved from hell by one cry for pity and one poor little tear. Woe unto the man who goes on in the deeds which lie knows God nates in the presumption that such niay be God's way with him. No, no ; look at the picture^ in this year's Royal Academy of the soul wrestling with sin ; read the agony in the man's face ; 6ee the colossal force and tense sinews of thedemon who seems to be on the point of hurling him over the precipice, and be sure of this that the hope of deliverance lives for us as for St. Paul solely in prayer and watchfulness, in agonies and energies, in beating back as with a bar of redhot iron our worst temptations, in buffeting our bodily impulses and leading1 them about as sla ves._ Even then we shall be foredoomed to perish if we do not rely on the love of the Lord Jesus Christ, if we do not, or might not, have, every one of us, the aid of that Holy Spirit of God which lie hath given to them that seek Him. Balaam's prayer for the deatli of the righteous, while he makes no effort after the life of the righteous, is a monstrosity. Is there not a certain and inevitable cougruity between fruit and tree ? can men gather grapes of thorns, or figs of thistles ? But perhaps you will think that there was an intense aggravation in the guilt of Balaam because his soul was so full of illumination. Now, the principle is true that they, who are admitted into a more holy sanctuary, are CTiilty of a deeper sacrilege. And it is true that God had endowed this Mesopotamian sorcerer with splendid insight. In the Old Testament we read the most momentous of all answers to the most momentous of all ques tions, an ansii-er sufficient to exorcise the mere shibboleths and mummeries of all sham religionism. That question and that answer are preserved for us in the prophet Micah. There we read, 'Wherewith' shall I come before the Lord, and bow myself before the most high God '; Shall I come before Him with burnt offerings, with calves of a year old V Will the Lord be pleased with thousands of rams, or with ten thousands of rivers of oil. Shall I give my firstborn for my transgression, the fruit of my body for the sin of my soul !' No, none of these things, but he hath shown thee, O man, what is good, and what dcth the Lord require of thee but to do justice, and to love mercy aud to walk humbly with thy God, to whom we owe that sovereign test of pure religion and undetiled before God even the Father. It is at least possible that in that most memorable passage of the Old Testament are traditionally preserved the words which. Balaam, the son of Beor, answered to Balak, the son of Zippor, from Shittim even unto Gilgal, and yet the high theoretic knowledge did not drag Balaam back from the shameful, practical apostasy, and what will it avail us? Havewenot ten times the knowledge of Baalam, and in tenfold fulness and clearness the sceptre and the star which Balaam saw far off ''. Have not we beheld them day and night ': Let no one pretend that God decided his destiny in one careless hour of boyhood, or took him in one sensual snare of youth and stamped him reprobate. Men from. Adam downwards have ever tried to throw the blauio of their sins on God, on the Devil, on circum stances, on others, on anyone, on anything rather than their guilty selves. ' Had 1 but known,' so they cr3r, 'that no evil deed can ever be undone, that the wicked word once spnken is for ever beyond our jxwer of recall, that the days of life rush past us often with the speed and smoothness of the torrent ere it leaps in the cataract ; had I but known that when I had done with the sin, the sin bad by no means done with me. Had I but known,' they wail, ' that youth once gone is gone for ever, and that life's exhausted fields yield no second harvest : liad 1 but known, oh ! then I would have taken heed to my words ; I would have eagerly purchased up the passing opportunity, I would have weighed the transient and delusive pleasure against the abiding pain, I would have strained every nerve to nave something better to give back to God than a wasted life with the dust of a polluted body and the shipwreck of a ruined souL' The plea is often urged, but it is not true. No man ever sinned without being well aware that the siu was a sin. and the punishment is but sin taken a little lower down the stream. What ! Do you mean to tell God that you ever supposed that you could take part and throw in your lot with Satan and not diminish or endanger your part with the Lord Jesus Christ ? Was ever anyone such a fool as not to know that if he touched pitch he would be defiled, and that he could not take fire into his bosom and not be burnt. And so observe the two short notices which sum up an tne rest tnat we Know oi Ixuaam s career. They give us the inevitable denoue ment of the terrible tragedy. How many a criminal lias felt the anguish of the. scourge and the horror of the prison, and yet has only been sec free from them to violate the law again, returning like a dog to his vomit, and like a sow that has been washed to her wallowing in the mire ! And so it was with Balaam. A man does not get rid of his sin if he does not struggle against it. juid not easily even then. Balaam had gone back to his people, but he was still uncured of his hankering for gold ; he was once inorc tempted to place his glorious powers Hntl his execrable services at the disposal of the King of Moab. Divinations, enchantments, curses had proved in vain, now he would have recourse to an implement of destruction far more devilish and far more terribly effectual. It is said that in some countries men who v.-ish to ntter against an enmny the most fatal malediction, cry 'May God curse you with a bad habit !' Knowing that curses ar«» futile against the innocent, Balaam, with desperate, viliany, endeavored to give them euicacy by making his victims guilty. Yield ing to temptation oneself ends too often, as it ended in the case of Eve, as it ended in the case of millions of her descendants, in the deadlier wickedness of endeavoring to tempt o:hcrs ; the tempted becomes the teinnter, th' corrupted avenges himself, and hands on tin; deadly torch of guilt by becoming a corrupter. It was by the diabolical counsel of Balaam that the children of Israel were seduced into uncleanness. They succumbed, and what was the consequence? A plague was the avenger of their unfaithfulness, and its ravages were stayed by the brave influence of youthful Phinehas with one thrust of his avengingspe,ir. Then came the end. Balaam's sin found him out, as sin always does. The due reward of his works was given him. Tho death of the righteous was aot destined for this corrupting traitor, for this apostate seer. It might have been even if he had turned back at the first terrific warning, but how oould he exiiect the death of the. righteous in this world who had sown corruption broadcast into the souis and pestilence in the bodies of men? And how did he die? Listen I ' And the children of Israel warred against the Moabites and they slew the Kings of Moab beside tho rest of them that were slain; Balaam, also, the son of Boor, they slew with the sword.' Not with the righteous, but fighting among the enemies of God ; not in honored age. liappy with children's voices round his bed, but in the red front of guilty strife. Where shall the false one rest — he the deceiver ? In the lost battle home down by the flying Where mingles v.-ars rattle with groans of ihe dying ! There fchail he be lying. So on the blood stained turf, so amid the routed ranke, so by the pitiless swords of the men whom he had seduced to their ruin, so afterj the wasted life and desecrated gifts, his blows frustrated, his curses foiled, his name degraded into a by word, died one who, had he but been faithful to his own best convictions, might almost have been as great as Moses himself. For the sake of a handful of paltry dross he had sold his eternal jewel to the enemy of man, and he had earned the dreadful two-fold epitaph which the New Testament inscribes with ceremonious reprobation upon his name. One epitaph is 'Balaam the son of Beor, who loved the wages of un righteousness.' The other is ' Balaam who taught Balak to cast a stumbling-block before the children of Israel, to e;it things sacrificed unto idols and to commit fornication.' Oli .' brethren, put away your frivolity, your conceit, your moral callousness, your sliam religion. Life is a very serious thing even for triflers. Beware, as you read this story, and the lesson it is meant to teach you, of the awful force and fascination of a bosom sin. Fight against it with all your power ! It was that you might Ije able to fight against it, yea, aud to win the victory and_ trample it under your feet, that your Saviour took our nature upon Him and de feated the tempter. 'Oh ! wretched man that 1 am,' cried even such a saint as Paul, 'who 6hall deliver me from the body of this death ?' And what is the answer ? ' ' I thank God through Jesus Christ our Lord.' ' The sting of death is sin ; aud the strength of sin is the law ; but thanks be to God who giveth us the victory through Jesus Christ our Lord I' 