Une Night of my Life 'ABOUT A MADMAN, ... — I " Mr Dintmo Auos,— ; . — v "I will try »nd be with you to-night. My business takes mo to a small town about twenty miles from year house, and I could not bear to lis | so near yon without looking into your sweet eyes and hearing ycra say tbat yon are trua to me, ao I ahall ride over in too afternoon, and God willing, shall hold you in my arms to-night. " I " Yotm Otvn Jxok." > Having dispatched my day's business nnd sent this letter to my sweetheart, I, tbe Jack therein mentioned, hastened to hiro a horse far the purpose of riding the twenty miles which separated me from Alice, my be trothed bride. As my business — which wss that of a travelling agent for a prosperous houBs — obliged mn to be often away from hume, a chance like this to see Alice was very preciouB to me. ( It was six o'clock in tbe evening when ( started out on my horse from tbe door of tbe inn whore I bad been stopping. In vain was It that tbe landlord tried to dissuade mo; his account of tbe lonely and desolate road, and of tbe frightful thin«s which had hap pened on it, of the murders and midnight horrors which hung over it, could not turn me from my purpose. Even the thought tbat I must pass by tbo baunted rock, in the fark, alone, and with no hopo of aid, should require it. tbat I must ride through pnsscs which tbe village legends peopled with spirits and ghosts of the departed travellers, could not deter me. I spurred onward amid the dark forebodings of those assembled to wit ness my rash departure, my landlord's pro phesy of a sudden and violent storm ringing ( in my ears as I went, I treated these super- BtitioiiB tales as merely the inventions of ignorant villagers, and the sounds whioh were reported to issue from the haunted rook, as, at best, coming from the throat of some human enemy, against whom a pistol would be most effective. There were still two hours of daylight be fore me, and ns I rode along I was lost in thoughts of my sweetheart. I seemed to seo ber standing on her vine-covered porch, rendy to welcomo me with her bright smile. The dainty figure, with its blue eyes anil waving hair, rose before my eyea ; and so vivid was tbe vision tbat I spoke her namo half aloud. The sound of my awn voice startled me, and, looking np for tbe first time, I saw that the say was growing diqck, tno wind was Howl ing, and rumbling distant thunder was in the alp. It bad come — the storm whioh my landlord had foretold. I spurred on my horse ; a big drop of rain splashed over my face; the dark ness thickened ; and at tbo same instant through the gloom loomed up the outlines of the huge boulder, which a turn in tbe mad had before hidden from my sight. A slight shiver crept ovor me ao I recalled the tales conneotsd with it, and thoughtupon my own lonoly situation. Something of this feeling seemed to entor into my horse, for as we neared the rock, shrouded in darkness, he trembled from head to foot. Using ail my strength, I forced bim past it, and at tbe same instant there sounded upon my ear a low burst of laughter, so peculiar in its tone as to send an icy sbuddei through me. A something that was not human sounded in it. It was fiendish, devilish. Conquering my moment ary weakness, I strained my eyes to pierce the darkness, in tbe hope of discovering tbo shape from which those sounds proceeded, but all was silent and deserted ns the grave. The form must have been swallowed up in darkness, for I saw nothing. A strange feel ing of dread weighed on my heart, vague and indefinite, and the night grew blacker and blacker. The storm drew nearer, and my every effort was now directed to gain some place of shel ter from tbe rain. I looked in vain for a light in tho distance ; all was black and desolate ; torrents of rain poured down, soaking me to the skin; thunder crashed, and my poor horee galloped as for his llto. Once, between tbe thunder peals, I seemed to hear that same low, mad laugh in my car, and, shuddering, I wildly spurred my poor horse. Just then a vivid flash of lightning illumined the ruad, disclosing a but about a hundred feet in advance ; a second flash enabled me to reach the opening which had once been a door ; but the whole misorable place was in a ruinous condition. For years it had been abandoned to wind and weather. Fearfully I entered, and found myself in the largest of the two rooms which the hovel boasted. The ceiling was broken away, and tbe rain ponred In upon the rotting floor, and beat through tho broken window. Nothing more fearful and more wild could be imagined, but still I welcomed it, and turning tbo poor horse loose outside, 1 pnssed into the inner room. A lightning flash il lumined it, and standing upright against the. opposite wall I saw the form of a man, his face distorted by a smile of wicked cunning, and as the darkness foil again, a shrinking laugh mingled with the thunder. Made desperate by the terrors of tho night end of my loneliness, I struck a match nnd rushed forward ; but the figure was gono.tbe room deserted. Turning, I passed into tho first room, but it was equally tonautless. Full of wonder and strange forebodings, I chose a dry spot and threw myself upon the floor and tried to sleep. Vaiu endeavor ; the figure haunted me, and often, as fatigue overpowered me and sleep seemed on the point of relieving ma, the memory of that laughter would ring through my brain, and I would start wildly up, to find raysalf lying alone upon the floor with the storm Btill rag ing without. Finally, quite exhausted, 1 fell into a deep elnmber, which lasted I know nut how long, but which was suddenly and violently broken by that same demoniao noise. This time X tried to rise, in vain ; a fearful weieht was on my chest. Straining ope n my cyeB, I beheld in the light, of tbe moon, whioh now shone through the window, that same man's face bending over mine. Terri fied beyond expression, I struggled to free myself of the creature upon me; but my arms and legs were fast bound ; the same cunning smile distorted the face, and the leering eyes rolled as I struggled vainly, I strove to shriek, but the sound came not ; a faint gurgle was the only result of my frantic ef fort. At the same instant the creature above me rose, and with ohuckles and leers, drew forth a coil of rope ; nodding his head nnd gibbor- ing, he arranged a noose, and with another blood curdling laugh, be placed it about my neok. My God, tho agony of that moment, when I realised that I was absolutely at the mercy of a madman I Tightorand tighter he drew the rope, till my face grow black with suffo cation, and my eyes and tongue Btarted from my bead. Consciousness wus almost gone when tba pressure wub slowly, steadily re laxed, and the maniac's features glared down upon me once more. I breathed again ; he bad spared nic ; the ruoh of joyful feeling nearly overenme mo. Ho marked the expres sion of my face, and, chuckling, drew the noose again, exulting to watch my face pur ple, and my eyes protrude. Twenty times I thought my death aguny at hand, and twenty times, with a maniac's cunning, ho restored my breath, and prolonged my torture. How be chuckled and muttered to himself, wag ging his fiendish head, and oh I my God, how, when I struggled to got free, wrestling in agony with death and torture, he uttered las insane, exulting laugh. How I longed and prayed for death ; bow I hoped the mad mnn would once draw the noose so tight that, whon relaxed, my brlath would still refuse to come. Suddenly his brain soemed possessed with some new plan. filowly be drew off tho rope, and, with one backward glanoe, loft the room. At first, I dared not bops for life ; but when tbe time went by and still lis name not, I bsgnu to think that bo was gone ontirely,and tbat my )ife might yet ho saved. I strangled to free myself once moro | struggled and writhed until mj heart_ nearly hurst through my i oooy ; but in vain. Just then new toono caught my ear, filling me with unutterable dread. A fork of light shot up. Yes, it was trao, tbe maniac had set flra to the hovel, And now I saw his face grinning at me through the window. Making ono last super human effort I uttered a fearful shriek. The madman leaped in at the window, and, at tbe same instant, another form followed him. Boms ono ooitcd mc. I know no more. When consciousness returned, I was lying upon a bed in my sweetheart's own pretty room, and she, with tears in ber gontle eyes, was watching my slow return to lifo. I learned afterwards, when my strength returned, that tbe madman had escaped from an asylum in the neighborhood, and being missed, his keeper, attracted by the sight of the flames, arrived just in time to save ma from the horrible fate which seemed to await me., I bad fallon into a deep swoon, and from that into a raging fever, and during my ravings enough was learned to send me to tbe bouse which had been my destination when I started out tho previous night. As soon as I wss well again Alice and I were married, and were Burclr happier than it falls to tbe lot of most mortals to be ; but never while I live shall I forget the agonies of that one night of my life. 