WISE WORDS. The attainment of our greatest desires is often the source of our greatest sor rows. Perfection consists not in doing extra ordinary things, but in doing ordinary things extraordinarily well. Neglect nothing ; the most trivial action may be performed for God. Hard may be Duty's hand, but lo! it leads Out into perfect joy, where pain shall cease! God sees thy striving, and thy patience heeds, And thou shalt find His peace. It it easy to tell when others are flat tered, but not when we ourselves are'; and every man and woman will lend firm belief to the soft nothings of the very man they believe to be an arrant flatterer when others are in the case. I have always preferred cheerfulness to mirth. Mirth is like a flash of lightning that breaks through a gloom of clouds and glitters for a moment ; cheerfulness keeps up a kind of daylight in the mind, and fills it with a steady and perpetual serenity. When one has lost the sentiment of pity out of his heart, he is not fit to live in such a world as this. He might do for some other one where there is no sin or sorrowing, if there be such a one, but here our compassions must be in constant exercise if we are to live to any good purpose. For our trouble must sometimes see the light, And our anguish will have way; And the infant crying out in the night, Reveals what is hid by day. —Phoebe Carey. Thereare four good habits—punctuality, accuracy, steadiness and dispath. With out the first of these, time is wasted ; without the second, mistakes the most hurtful to our own credit and interest, and that of others, may be committed ; without the third, nothing can be well done ; and without the fourth, opportuni ties of great advantage are lost, which it is impossible to recall. Cannot the education in our convent schools, observes a contemporary, be made more practical, to fit our daughters to earn their own bread, first, and to take charge of homes of their own, later on ? The 'ologies are well enough for the rich and for scholars, but the education of the hand ought uot to be neglected for them. Our girls will mostly all occupy the middle station in life. Why not make their training prepare them for it ? Books are our most steadfast friends : they bring the whole world of men and things to our feet; they put us in the centre of the world ; they summon us. away from our narrow life to their great ness, from our ignorance to their wisdom, from our partial or distorted vision to their calm and universal verdicts. There may be something of discord in their mingled voices, but the undertone speaks, for virtue and faith.—Theodore Thornton Munger. God does not despise the broken and contrite heart; it is full of beauty to Him. All your little plans that failed of comple tion, your aspirations that have died, and yet were so sweet and dear to you, £re sweet and dear to, Him, too. He is sorry with a tender pity for your disappoint ments, as an earthly parent is grieved to withhold from his child what the little one desires, though he knows the with holding it is for his good.—Imogen Clarke. It is only a poor sort of happiness that could ever come by caring very much about our own narrow pleasures. We can only have the highest happiness, such as goes alopg with being a great man, by having wide thoughts and much feeling for the rest of the trorld as well as our selves ; and thiswort of Jmppipess often ,jt}Bngsjsp,,mugl|$>^^nth it S&t; we can, only tell it from pain by its being what we would choose before everything else, .because bUr souls see it is good.—George Eliot. Love is a flower That needs, each honr To have its roots renewed: Love if a; power Of heavenly dower , t , . c Thatmust bo used for good. - ■ i . &jlnqguot..; : The great problem is,- after all, how shall one grow in'sympathy, hod tendet1 nesa, and generosity, and consideration! HoWfihallhe feed on high thoughts and noble aims! How shall life; he swift' to discern and to avail- himself. of. those opportunities for usefulness to ; others which are the best channels of his own growth ! How shall he hold clear and close* relation to the divine energy ? " Be one of the conquerors," said Balzac. " The universe belongs to himwho wills', and loves and prays ; but he must will,' he must love, he must pray." Peers and Popery.—Commenting -on the fact that Lord Halifax introduced the . new peer, Lord Llandaff (hitherto the' Bight Hon. H. Matthews) to the House of Lords on his takinghis seat, the English Churchman thus delivers itself :—" That a Ritualist should thus introduce a Roma nist to the House of Lords is, no doubt, in the opinion of Lord Halifax, an appro priate act. The president of the English Church Union has for many years labored to introduce more or less popery into tho Church of England, and is probably not indisposed to introduce the Pope him self." Catholic Missions in China.—In this month's Blackwood there is an inte resting and a fairly sympathetic paper on Catholic missions in China, written by a Protestant who lately spent a year with a French Jesuit missionary in the province of Canton. The contrast between the Protestant missionary, who takes his wife and children out to the Celestial Empire, and the Catholic priest, whc abjures even his soutane and adopts the dress of the natives, lives amongst them, and identi fies himself and his interests with them, renouncing the ties of country, kindred, and civilization for the sake of winning souls, must strike everyone who reads the article. The chapel is the central object of the station ; on it the priest lavishes all his care and almost all his substance, saye what he devotes to charity and his o.wn subsistence. To this particular mis sion, which the writer calls the City of Fair-Reply, was attached a foundling hospital for poor little female babies who would otherwise have been forsaken and starved by their unnatural mothers, and the writer gives high praise to the institu tion. He considers ingratitude one of the groat trials the Catholic priest , has to put up with from his converts, who, he says, will frequent the Sacraments, and yet rob both chapel and missionary whenever they have the chance. The ignorance of Protestants with regard to Catholic devo tions is evinced in a paragraph stating that the priest sometimes " reads the Angelus and Vespers" himself in the chapel, and sometimes leaves his converts todischaige that duty. Mind and Miracles. — D. Berdoe contributes an article respecting the Lourdes miracles to this month's Nine' teenth Century, but he fails to throw any real light on the subject or to tell us any thing we did not previously know. He merely says in scientific language that the mind acts on the body, taking several pages of close print to say it. His asser tion that miracles were worked in the templesof Escuiapius upon the old Greeks requires more evidence than he produces to be believed. The miracles of Lourdes are notto be counted by twos or threes, but by hundreds, and it is absurd to sup pose that all these well - authenticated corps have been cases of nervous affection. If the cures at Lourdes were of one par ticular class, something might be said for Br. Berdoe's theory of the influence of themindon the bodily lesions; but as a matter of fact, every sort of disease is cured there, whereas science itself grants that only a certain kind of affection iB subject to mental influence. Dr. Berdoe, therefore, attempts to prove too much in ascribing all the Lourdes miracles to sug gestion. He must first prove that the cures' effected were wrought in cases amenable to such treatment, and' this neither he nor anyone else oan do. An Archbishop on Politics.—Arch bishop Riordan, of San Francisco, got an oration from his people on. his return homel ' An Immense audience assembled in the Metropolitan Hall . to. greet him, and an address was presented by Judge SoUjvan on behalf of the.clergy and laity. The Archbishop, in reply, spoke of the joy wifch which he returned home, and in. the course of his .remarks said, he -had seen himself describedin.a cectain Adven tistpaper as Mthe arch^manipulator of politics in San Francisco." He . never topic, any part in politics,, but if he were affced fio vote for a manisoleiy because he wage a Catholic, he wotftd go and tote against .him. ; j.; N.' " Taxing RfcttoloN. — NauJly all the French religious ^communities have, 'it appears, submitted to- the mcreasedfeasa tion. Amongst these are the Sulpieiarrs, tfee -LazftristB, the Christian Brothers, the Ordet of the Holy Ghost, afid etfeu the Institute of the Foreign Missions, which latter body will, horfever, be exempted for their usefulness in the colonies. .One of the chief effects of the law is the trans fer nf large investments to British securi ties. ... 