SIR JENKIN COLES AT KAPUNDA. THE WORK OF LAST SESSION. I am, &c.;, JOHN WARREN. Kapunda, April 20, 1895. A large meeting of electors was held at the Kapunda Institute on Friday evening, at which Sir Jenkin Coles (Speaker of the House of Assembly) and one of the members for the district of Light delivered an addrms on tbe work of last session. The mayor (Mr. J. Thomas) presided. Sir Jekeik Coles said it was the first time he had been asked to address his constituents during recess, but in face of the present position of the colony it "was not surprising that they wished to hear his expressions with regard to what had been done and what was proposed to be done in Parliament. Before doing bo, however, he desired to refer to a personal matter. 'It had been pretty freely circulated in that town and elsewhere that he was not only an applicant, for the position of chairman of the Bail way Board, but that the position had been offered to him. He wanted to give them a positive assurance that there was not one atom of truth in the suggestion. (Hear, hear.) He had never thought of such a thing. He would not accept the position if it were offered to him, and he had no desire or inten tion of severing his connection with the dis trict of Liirht until either death or necessitated it. (Hear, hear.) Amongst the Bills which had become law last year was tbe Adult Suffrage Act, which he need hardly tell them he had opposed. He had supported an amendment by Mr. Grainger to the effect that the matter shSuld be delayed until the people of the colony had had an opportunity of expressing ah opinion on the subject. However, since the Act had been passed it was the duty of every woman to enrol herself and to exercise the franchise. He wished,to clear away a misapprehension that it was necessary for the wives of naturalised Germans to takeout letters of naturalisation. He had the opinion of a well-known lawyer that such was not tbe case. - (Hear, hear.) With regard to the Taxation Act Amendment Bill he had been accused of supporting a progressive land tax, but in this there was not an atom of truth. He had not voted against the introduction of the resolutions to give effect to a Bill the greater portion of which he agreed with, but when the Bill was brought forward —that was the crucial point —he bad opposed any and every attempt to increase the tax on land. ?He had favored both the absentee tax and the increase in the income tax. (Hear, hear.) The Premier deserved the thinks of the community for attempting to deal with industrial strikes, but no man, when owing to bad times he could not piy the rate of. wages demanded by his employes, Bhould be liable to be summoned to tbs Supreme Court and .have his private affairs made public. (Hear, hear.) If such an in terpretation could be placed on the Act the sooner it was amended the better it would be. He was glad that the board in enquiring into tiie tannery dispute, although they had the power to do so, did not demand Mr. Dome's attendance, nor did they exercise their power of examining his books in public, XHeatVnear.) With regard" to the Public Salaries Act, ne had always maintained that die cost of governing the colony had been too great,.but to the credit of the officers it must be admitted that they had taken their reductions without a murmur. (He&r;, hear.) .In connection - witir tbe Lake Bonney Irrigation Act, if lie proposal of his late colleague (Mr. Glynn) had been given: effect to there would have been a large popu lation at Lake Bonney. He was Unid that die present Government scheme to form a settlement would-prove unsuccessful, but he :was hopeful that something might yet come of it So long as the Government provided money for everyone and for everything people rwere content, but when they had to deposit their ?own money it was a different matter altogether. He had not abandoned hoperbut was sure that jibe scheme would have to be run on altogether different'lines. (Hear, hear.)"* He doubted whether either the Parliaments of South Aus tralia or New Zealand would ratify the treaty which had been arranged by the Premier and Mr. Ward. It wag felt to be scarcely fair that tie producers of wine and dried fruit should be singled out for special advantages, while the unfortunate growers of barley would be crushed. He could not yet .say exactly what course he would adopt in the matter, but there was not a ghost of a chance of the New Zea land Parliament ratifying the agreement. He had abundant justincatian for -saying that ?from what had appeared in the New Zealand paper?, reports from which he had read. He looked - upon the Pastoral Bill as one of the most important measures introduced by the Government last year. He had felt it bis duty to oppose a certain portion of the Bill, which -provided for the indiscriminate inclu sion of what was known as '"88 leased lands." He did not wish it to be thought for one moment that be was antago nistic to the pastoralist?, as he was perfectly willing to give them anything to which they were fairly entitled. He happened to be a motnTim. of the Government that introduced the Act of 1854,. which was about the most liberal piece of pastoral legislation on the face of.the earth, but there was a limit beyond which State liberality could not go and that? limit was reached by the Act of 1884. Before further concessions were granted it was only right that the people should know what had already been done, and he quoted some 16 or 17 Acts~of Parliament whicu 'hn^ been vwwi Binoe 1851, all giving concessions and-remis-; Eumstopastorahsta. Under the Act of 1884 pastoral lands were divided into three classes— ? Class L, which included leases -expiring in 1888;. Class H., which included land let' outside Class L and for which the State not. only agreed to pay the lessees for their improvements, but in order to give them prac tically fixity of tenure they agreed to give ?vmp?m?Bi*inm in tbe event of tbe Government resuming the land ; and Class UL, which in cluded *H unlet land. A 35 years'lease was granted, the rent Ivwrip 2s. 6d. per square J mile for the first 14 years, with a subsequent revaluation every seven years. Was it possible for liberality to go further? The Hon. J. Warren asked why the BUI of 1881 was intro duced, and why the State paid for tbe im provements instead of the incoming tenant? It was introduced as the result of agitation cul minating in the presentation to Paruamsntof a petition signed by 558 people, who said that TiTiicwa fimofi^fwpr were donA for the-.pasto raliste tie industry would practically collapse. If the State bad insisted on the incoming tenant paying for the improvemeata, which in the case of the 1888 country were valued at half a million, it would have meant that the land would practically remain in the bands of the lessees for ever. The Hon. R. G. Baker said at the time—"lt would mean giving the present tenants an absolute monopoly of the leases on their own terms." Acoording to the ?report of the Surveyor-General, the present tenants, who in the majority of cases were tie previous' lessees, bad received oonoessi^bs equal to one-thud of the rent ever received from them.' In a recent newspaper contro versy the Hon. J. Warren had asked him what concessions Messrs. Hogarth and Warren had received in connection with the .Strangways Springs run, and stated that the pastoralist? looked on the Act of 1884 as a trap. It was curious that Mr. Hogarth was a member of the Legislature at the time and did not while the Billwa?TWgring through the Council raise his voice against it. £le thought he could not do better than to give them the history of the Strangwavs Springs.run from the official ?rwwrig. x}iey would then be able to judge for themselves as to what benefits legislation had conferred on Messrs. Hogarth and Warren, and as to whether it was desirable that the disposal of our pastoral lands should longer continue in the hands of the board. The Strangways Springs run was originally dis covered by Major Warburton and Bold to H. K. Hughes on June 2,1859 —36 years ago—die area being 300 square miles and the upset price 10s. per mile, and the purchase money £157 10s. The lease was subsequently forfeited and reoffered on November 27. 1862, purchased by Julius Jafiery a? £285 Is. 6d_, or 10b. (3d. per square mile. The term of the lease was for 14 years from January 1, 1863, the total area being 543 square miles. This lease was transferred to Hogarth and Warren in July, 1867—28 years ago—and was surrendered under Act 21 of 1867\. The new lease was issued for a term of 21 years from December 31, 1867, expiring on December 31,1888, at a rental of 2s. <id. per square mile and assessments on stock. The Surveyor-General stated—"That the average rent, including assessment on stock, paid in respect of this lease under the Act of 1067 was £74 Ss. 2d., or about 2a. BJd. per square mUe." If this was not deriving benefit from pastoral legislation it was difficult to understand the meaning of the term. Messrs. Hogarth and Warren held the land until 1888, when at auction they purchased it at£lss. 6d. per mile, or a total rental (including 5 per cent, on the value of the improvements, amounting to about £40) of £687 4s. 6d., the improvemente being valued at £884 11b. The only inference was that they had had a good time when they held it at 2s. SJd. The lease was transferred to Hogarth Brothers, who sur rendered it on September 14, 1693, the land board subsequently allotting it to Hogarth and Warren at a rental of 6s. a milp t the value of the improvements being reduced from £884 lls. to £483, the firm purchasing them at that figure in payments extending over 42 years. It will be seen that the land was let for just half the rent obtained 36 years ago when cartage, according to Mr. Warren, was from £10 to £50 a ton. Since then the State had built a railway right through the property, and carriage was now £313 a. They were told that country was being deserted. From official figures he learnt that from 1880 to 1894, 140,428 square miles had been cancelled or surrendered, or an average of 10,000 a year. In 1894 only 10,431 miles were surrendered, while in 1884-5-6 the figures respectively were 16,400. 15,977, and 16,915. It was not the high rent that was killing the p?Hi| in dustry but the high rate of interest which in some cases was charged by fin?W?rt nwtitu tions. He would abolish the Pastoral Board and revert to the auction system. It would perhaps surprise them to learn that the coun try-dealt with by the Pastoral Board last year, according to a statement made by the Com missioner of Crown Lands at the last meeting of the Australian Natives' Association, yielded j a revenue of £1,100, while the^cokt of the board for the same period was £2,327 Us. lid, It was only fair to say that the board was at times engaged in work for which no revenue was derived. The cost of the land boards for last year was £3,147 55., and while he accepted the full responsibility of the initiation of the board system experience had taught him that it was an expensive failure, j With regard to the State Advances BUI he thought that on the security demanded by the Government money on better terms could be secured from outside sources. He explained! the conditions of the Act introduced last year. He was afraid that we would end the year with a deficit, although he did not blame the Government for it. The question was how was the deficit to be made up ? By additional taxation? Certainly not. (Cheers.) By further reducing Civil servants' salaries ? Cer tainly not. He would revert to the old system of education, under which those who could afford to pay did so. (Hear, hear.) It would perhaps surprise them to know the cost of education. The annual charge to the revenue for 1894 was £127j000. We had borrowed for the erection of sc&ool; buildings close on half a million, on which we paid £20.000 a year in terest, or a total annual cost of £147,000. The total cost of education up to the present, in cluding the loan referred to, was over £1,500,000. If the old system of education were reverted to he had the authority of the Minister of Education for saying that a saving of £25,000 a year would be effected. He would like to draw their attention to the cost of de fence. For 1893-4-^e spent £28,087; for 1894-5, £22,100. In addition to this we paid £10,000 a year or thereabouts as our contri bution to the Auxiliary Squadron, and, as The Advertiser very properly pointed out, consider ing that the British interest in the float ing trade in Australasian waters greatly exceeded the colonial the contribution may be considered fairly substantial. In the blue-book of 1894 lie noticed in the statement of the public debt for July 1,1894, that we had raised loans for our defences and the military road to the amount of £250,045. He thought most would be under the impres sion that it was time that some further sub stantial reduction was made in the cost of our defences. The condition of this colony in common with the others provided all with ample food for thought. He did not think that there was any cause for alarm so long as we determined to live strictly within our means, to exercise more self- reliance, and look ?less to the Government for assistance. (Applause.) On the motion of Mr. H. Jackson, seconded by Mr. B. J_ Day, Sir Jenkm Coles was accorded a hearty vote of rimnlm for his address, which lasted two hours and a half, and was most attentively listened to. The I chairman was similarly honored. TO THS EDITOB. Sir—Although not an electorof Light I ven tured last night to attend a meeting ot electors called to hear Sir Jenkin Coles's address. I felt justified in doing' bo because in a letter dated February 18 and published in the news papers, dealing, with an address I had die honor to give the Australian Natives' Asso ciation and subsequent correspondence. Sir Jenkin stated that "It is unnecessary just now .to reply further to Mr. Warren's letter beyond -saying that he may rest assured when address ing my constituents I shall not fail to dis- OU&S; the memorial to Parliament in 1884 and tie other matters mentioned by him." Sir Jenkin dealt with the pastoral question and with Hogarth and Warren's affairs in a manner which suited himself. He expressed | pleasure at seeing me thepe, but wa% careful not to remove the disability I was under by inviting me to .speak, a courtesy so recently! received by him titan the S. A. Natives' Association. I have no doubt but that I shall | yet have an opportunity of addressing the electors of Light on these matters, and I ask them to withold judgment till I have an oppor tunity of showing the other side of the pic ture.- " 