A FATAL SCHOOL PANIC. A sad calamity occurred on Dficritnjbef 5 in a schoolroom in an outlying district,o£ Belfast, by which four children lost their lives, and above 30 others were more op less injured. It appears that a perform-, ance, entitled "The Coptume Recital*" was being given by a company who styled ' themselves George Artbnr and Co., and as the prices of admission ranged from ld. to 3d., the building, which is capable of seating about 400 people, was crowded, the greater portion of those present beitfg children. As the performance proceeded someone tamed out the gae, arid a panio ensued, resulting in a stampede for the staircase. Here the audience got jamnied together, the majority of those in front falling headlong to the bottom of the staircase, and the others coming pfeUmell on the top of them. A terrible scene ensued, tbe smaller childreh being trampled upon in the attempt to reaoh the exit, which was found to be closed. When an entrance was effected by another door and light turned on it was found that four of the children were already dead-, while a large number were in an utterly exhausted state. One man who tdok hid ' 1 little girl four years old to the eho#, said i —"There was a rush by the people fcehina'' from the door and then tbe children in front got terrified and scrambled over every- - thing trying to get to the door too. I- was towards the front, and I picked np my little girl and put her in the room behind out of tbe rush, and went the length of the stairs to try if I could find a light any- : how. There must have been a horrible' crush on the stairs at the time, though X ' could not see. The women and the poor children were shrieking and screaming. At the gas went out I did not hear anyonfe shouting * Murder,' or * Ghost,' or * Fire'; • but there waB plenty shrieking- ' Murder' and ' Help' afterwards. The children ran over each other and tumbled' over'the torms to get to the door, and some of the 1 glass id the windows were smashed; but I : don't think that anjone was hart in thB room. It was when they got to the stairs that the mischief began." Another eyewitness stated that those who had been able to struggle to the bottom of the stairs- were thrown down and trampled oh, and' they became heaped in a mass at the door, piled one on the top of the other.' Cheapest and Best filter—The GORDON CANVAS. Price 6a. 6a. and 8a. 6d. A Broad Hint.—An uncle left In his will eleven silver spoons to his nephew, adding • " If I have not left him tho dozea, he knows theroEson !" The fact was, tfae nephew had tette tiree "bsjore etglgn it from his rtUrtJve, 