COUNTRY NEWS. ELMORE, SATURDAY, Jan. 12. A Licensing Court was held to-day before Messrs Dwyer, Green and Anderson, P.Ms. The re-bearing of the application of G. O’Donnell for a wine license was heard. Mr Bowed, instructed by Mr Warron, appeared for tbu applicant, and Mr Campbell for tbn objectors. Petitions against the license wore presented to the boncli, but Bub-inspector' Murphy said that bo did not soo anything to prevent (bo license being granted. A num ber of witnesses' were called to show that the facilities for Clio sale of wine wore plentiful, bat the bench granted the application, and gave 10 guineas costs against tho objectors. Starvation isr tjjr Bush. —Tho fanner named William Taylor, who wandered into the bush at Tontorflold on Christmas day, and was found aftor being witbout food for 12 days, is dead, Ho leaves 12 children, tho youngest 7 weeks old. Hts wife died shortly after her confinement, and this deranged Tay lor. Bbbiko “Tub Ghost,”— Owing to a rumor having been circulated that a bouse in Bank street west, South Melbourne, was haunted, the residents in (be neighborhood have been annoyed'for Bo'mo time past by the hundreds! of persons Who have congregated in the' locality. Complaints wore made to tho local police, and constables wore sent down to; move the crowd on. At the -local court last Friday morning a young man named Alfred Needham was charged with -loitering on the' footway. Tho defendant admitted that bo wont to see the ghost, but stated that bo walked away when (old to do so by the police. Ho was fined ton shillings, or three days’ im prisonment. Dreadful Accident at Sea.— During the voyage of tho Buljmba. from Melbourne to Adelaide ari.appalling accident happened, ro»' suiting in tho death of a young woman named Mrs Evans, who was killed instantly intbo, screw shaft (unadl. Under the guidance of bno of the moo, Mrs Evans, whoso husband was also on board, wont over the machinery •compartment, finishing up with the sorewtun pob Cos retarning lo the engine apace the woman's dress by the bolts of the abaft couplings, ffnd in a moment sbo bad -boon taken round the shaft ahd was dead,! The engines wore stopped and body re- ; moved to the dook ana brought on -to Port Adelaide. Mr and Mrs Evans wore coming to Adelaide to moot their child. Sudden Death at a Church Gathering. —A young roan named Alfred Brunskill rGroon, agod 27, foil rdown in a, lit while; taking part, in some at hid tie exorcises last Friday night at the schoolroom of Bt. Luke’s Church ,of England, Melbourne,: Medical Hsaistanq'd was sought, hUt tho young 'roan; ■died.witbiu a. few .minutes. Thohody was lakon charge of by the police and removed to i bis late residence at 76 Eorgio-stroot, North Fitzroy. The coroner for Bourko was sab soquontly oommuniaatod with, and hp.jyjii bold ao inquest, ' The Australian Eoq Export. -Tho L»on> don Globe views tho Indrdasing exportation of Australian eggs into England with alarm; £fc says that Australia is positively threaten ing to swamp tbo markets with millions of ■oggs. It expresses th(T opinion 'also that it would; bp much. preferable if Australia wore totryto further develop its wino production; tin wbfoh ease, it would onlycompote with Franco, and oot add to tho many troubles'of fbo Bntieli f Heyald /jabl.ogram. 