CHAPTER XXIX. UGLY WARNINGS. The rain had oleared «way, and the dark olouds had ohanged to fleecy little billows that sailed high under a sky of intense blur. Though the winds were strong, they were soft and. pleasant, tempered by the rayB of the warm snn. “ I am glad that there ia a promise of fine weather," thought Looksloy. “It would not be nice to be married in a storm of wind and rain. I wonld not like it, for Dora’s sake ; women are bo sensitive, and we are already surrounded by so many chilling in fluencies'.” He had not to wait two minutes for a train at the Temple station, and it seems that there are always trains for everybody on the underground railway. “ Richmond train ! ’ shouted the guard. “ Right away there ! ’ He hadn't time to bo civil to the passengers. The officials do not bolieve In civility ; it is sheer waste of time in these hurrying, scurrying days. Looksley stepped into a nrst-olass com partment and sat down. His mind was full of Dora, and a glad light came into his eyeB. The plea°ant sunshine seemed to havo awakened all that was beautiful and bright in the world, after many hours of gloom. It waB dark in this foul-smelling subterranean passage, bnt he knew that the day was glorious beyond ! “A forecast of our lives—mine and Dora’s,” he thought, hopefully. He took from his pooket-book a tiny miniature of the girl he loved. She had only given it to him that morning ; and be sidos it was a bit of cardboard, with a ronnd hole in the centre. With what care had Dora made this little eirole, for it was to be her lover’s guide when he should choose that magic rim of gold, her wedding-ring ! j Looksley gozid lovingly at the portrait, I oblivions that his vis-a-vis, a man a year or two his senior, was watohiog him, a oynioal smile on hiB face. “Iam sorry to interrupt you,’’ his fellow t traveller said, at loDgth, “ but I want to j smoko badly, and haven’t a l;ght.” j Looksley looked up. “ I don’t believe that I have notlood you bnfore,’’ he replied, “ Hero are some ! matches,” | The man laughed, but it was an un I pleasant laugh. I “ Thank you,” he said. “ I quite under atand the state of your mind. You are nnder the spell of some pretty woman—for a time.” Edmund looked up sharply, his face flash ing half-angrily, but the stranger’s eyes were turned away, while ho was thrusting some golden tobaoco into a bowl of hiB big meerschaum. “ I was in the same fool’s paradise myself once,” ho wont on, bitterly. ‘•Mine is not a fool’s paradise,” Locksloy “ I carried a woman's picture and a whole treBB of her hair in my bosom for three years ; I worked in the mines of California. I toiled like a veritable slave for three years for a woman’s Bake— a woman who professed to love me, and who was to be my wife.’’ “ Well ?” said Looksley, interested in spite of himself. “Ioamehome to find that my faith, my hope, my happiness, were bnt a dream of the opium-eater 1” “She was dead!” whispered Edmund, pityingly. “ Dasd ? no ! A thousand times worse 1 the other said, with a savage sneer, and setting his teeth hard. “ She was false ! My love died a cruol death 1 I am blighted.” “I am sorry for you," said Looksley. And he realized how trifling were his troubles oompared with those of this man. “ The shook must have been terrible when you had so much faith. ” “And Iam sorry for yon,” replied the other, with an ugly laugh, “ You reminded me so muoh of myself when I saw your rapturous gazs at that portrait,” Looksley smiled, “ Your disappointment makes a doubter of you—a cynic. I am to be married in two days. My love is good and true. There is no aloud on our future’s horizon.’’ “Tho old story,” scoffed the stranger. II A mere conspiracy of natnre for pairing people off. I tell you that happiness and truth are but dreams of Utopia, invented to acaentuate our misery. Be • warned in time 1" The train stopped with a jerk, and the stranger jumped oat, without another word. " I am sorry for him,” repeated Looksley. “Poor fellow ! He oirrieshis misery in his face. His is a strong nature of either loving or hating—for either joy or woa.” “ The train was off again, and he had half a dozen companions until he reaabed Rich mond. Still, amid all their talk, for they were buBy disoussing the suspension of a great banking bouse, he oonld not forget the stranger’s unhappy story—he coaid not for get that this was the seoond story in one day of woman’s frailty and man'B misery. But he forgot it when he was out in the sunlight, and Btrode the platform of Rich mond station. A dezsn haok-drivers waved their whips at him, frantioally, shouting : “ Carriage, eir, carriage !’’ “I want to go to Mortlake Road,” ho said to one of them. “ There is a village near, I believe ! ’ “Yes, sir. Kew Village. A mile and a half from hero,” responded the man. “Take me to the post-office," Looksley ordered, “ and from there I wish to go to • The Myrtles,’ in the Moitlake Road.” The driver signified that he understood by touohing the rim of a battered silk hat with his grimy forefinger, while Looksley ontered the carriage. Another moment, and the vehicle started away, and was soon rolling through a Jeligbtfal oountry lane, whose hedge-rows wero briliiant with the tints from autumn’s 'avish brush. “ It is a pretty plaoe,” thought Looksley. “ I am sure that Dora will like it.” This was tho one burden of his wishes. So hoped or he thought Dora would like everything that ho, Sid—everything that '•oncerned tham—that concerned him and herself. At the quaint little post-office he presented a card that Fairfax had given to him. “ I wish to look over ‘The Myrtles,”1 he ^aid. “I understand that you have the keys,,’ X'he postmistress was an elderly woman, and she looked at him a little ourionsly, while handing the keys over the oonnter. “ Do you think of renting The Myrtles,’ sir ?” she aBked, respectfully. “ If it suits me. I may buy the plaoe. I hope that * The Myrtles' has a good reputa tion !” He spoke ha’f-laughingly, bnt he noticed that the postmistress only smiled sadly, and made an evasive reply. “ It is a very pretty "place, sir. I hope that yon will like it, and that good fortune may attend you. He half-turned, then spoke sgaio : “ You have lived here for a long time, madame ?’ “ Forty yoars, sir.” *' It is a good neighborhood 1 I want you to tell mo truthfully and candidly. I can trust yon to do this when I say that I wish to bring my wife here—my future wife, I should say, for we shall not be married until she day after to-morrow.” For a minute the woman eeemed dis tressed. i The Mortlake Road is the most select in Richmond,” she said, at length, ‘‘ and mar to Shoen Park, where members of the Royal family live. It is one of the healthiest olacss in all England, sir; but ‘ The Myrtles’ is not a lucky place.” “I do not understand you,” smiled Edmund. “Ido not place any reliance in mere luck, as it is generally acoepted. If the elevation is right, and the drains upon the latest scientific principles, there cannot be much the matter, unless,” he added, jokingly, “ there is a ghost!” “ I never hoard of a glioBt, sir,” the post mistress replied; “ but I will tell you my meaning. I may he a foolish woman, but I can’t help it; and since you have spoken so nicely to me, I advise you not to look at * The Myrtles !’ ” Come, come ! that is too absurd. Row let me hear yonr reasons.” Looksloy was amused, •• x will tell you in a few words, sir, and then I expect that you will laugh at me. It Is juBt eight years since a tine young gentle man came here, sir. He was a perfect stranger to everybody, but he had plenty of money, and he built the 1 The Myrtles,’ and furnished it on the most lavish soale. The grounds were planned and laid ont by the most expert landscape gardeners that money oould obtain; and then, when all was finished, ho brought home his bride. They came here from the chureh to spend their honeymoon at ‘ The Myrtles.’ It is dread ful to tell, but the poor creature died that very night—died and fell into her husband’s arms, while speaking to oue of the servants upon some trifling matter.” “Well!" demanded Locksley. “I sup pose the poor lady had a diseased heart, and the excltemont had been too much for her! ’ •' In a measure that may have been so, but it was rumored that one hour after their marriage the yonng husband discovered that the woman he had honored and loved beyond all othern, was not worthy of even a kind thought! He had baeu abroad, fighting for hia beautiful home-nest, for one who was false to her vows. The proof he held was indisputable, and the servant said that the look of hopeless despair upon his facs was terrible, when he gezsd upon her lifeless form." “Heavens!” thought Locksley. “Can that man be my acquaintance in the train, only one short hour since 1 ” “ When the ill-fated bride had been taken to her last resting-place, ‘ The Mjrtles ’ was closed, and the furniture sold by nuotion, piecemeal,” the postmistress went on. “ For years no one seemed to notice the house, hidden as it was by the trees that sur rounded it, until everybody was surprised by seeing that it was fall of workman again, and the story soon leaked out that Mr Fair fax had bought * The Myrtles,’ to bring his bride there.” “ Yes ? ” questioned Locksley. “ I know that my friend was disappointed, bat ho has not told me how." “His wife to-be eloped on her wedding eve, with another man 1" “Great God!” ejaculated Edmund. “One would think the place was naunred by gruesome memories 1 Still, I am not of a nuporstitious tarn of miad, and since I have come so far, I will look over * The Myrtles,’ madame. He thanked her’-and Btepped into the waiting carriage. “Because there have been two false bridoB, muBt there of a necessity bo «third J " he thought, a little contemptuously, “ Even if I could believe it possible for my darling to be other than an angel—to be influenced one iota by what I have heard, would be an insult to the dearest and truest little woman on earth 1 It is oertainly strange how fate pursues its way, and I shall soon begin to believe that the novelist was right, when ho accused nature of plagiarising tne wonderful events and oo-inoidenceB of fiction.” The oarriage rattled along smartly for ten minutes, then palled np before a pair of ornamental wooden gates, Looksley read “THE MYRTLES.” 