THE WOMEN OF METHODISM. The Anniversary of the Sisterhood of ?the Central Methodist Mission brought ?the Sisters' Home and the work of the Sisters themss-lves prominently before ?our people in this city. The genial Superintendent of the Mission, who is alwavs at borne on a platform of this kind, stated that the object of the Sister hood was to work among the poor. He aaid that — ' Sister Reay, their nursing sister, had, he estimated — and he was very careful in his computations — last year paid at least '2000 visits to the destitute sick and suffer ing of the city. Apart from this great work, the other members of the Sisterhood had paid at least 7500 visits to those poor persons residing in the slums of this city ; and, in addition to this work, the three principal hospitals were visited every week by the sisters. The sisters also went further afield, and visited tbe sick in the Little Bay Hospital and the aged at the Newington Asylum. He had had many cheering testi monies of the value of the sisters' work.' The Rev. E. A. Edgar, Superintendent of the Melbourne Mission, whose pre sence at tbe anniversary celebration was most welcome, spoke of the Sister hood in Melbourne as doing an excellent work, and expes&ed; his opinion that for a long time the Methodist Church had not been ' alive to her privileges, and as a consequence generation after genera tion of noble women had not an oppor tunity to fulfil their call by the Holy Ghost. He believed that in England, America, and in these colonies they were beginning, to see that consecrated women had a great work to perform, and that their mission was as important as that of men.' It may have been so in regard to the public life of Methodism in the middle of the present century, but eaily Methodism had a noble bead roll of ?consecrated women, amongst whom the names of Grace Murray, Hester Ann Rogers, and Mrs. Fletcher stand forth as bright particular stars. Indeed, the biographies of the last two above-named ladies have been sources of inspiration and spiritual stimulus to thousands of readers, and their influence is still felt pulsating even in these distant colonies. Indeed, Methodism has never wanted for instances of the consecration of a godly and devoted womanhood in the service of the Church. We have been richly supplied with the influence of godly women, and though some of . them may have not been prom inent on public platforms, yet as wives and mothers, and in many ?cases as class leaders, their influence for good has simply been incalculable. In Ian Maclaren's beautiful story of Domsie in the Bonnie Briar Bush, one ?of the finest characters is that of Mar garet Howe, whose only son George was ' a lad o' pairts,'' and when the Domi nie spoke to her about her son going to college if the way was opened for him to do so. ' Mai-ter Jamieson,' said Marget, with great solemnity, ' ma hert's desire is to see George a minis ter, and if the Almichty spared me to hear ma only bairn open his mouth in the Evangel, I wud hae nothing mair to ask.' Marget was a fine specimen ?of a Christian woman, and, thank God! Mothodism has had thousands of such -women, and their influence on the ministry and spiritual, life of the Church has been so vast that it will only be fully seen in the revelations of the Great Day. It must never be forgotten that the silent influence of godly women in the home and in the Church is an enormous factor in the development of the spiritual life of any Christian com munity. It is resistless as the light, calling into life and beauty flowers and fruits of rare excellence to bloom in the garden of God. And of such women, with their beautiful lives and sweet resistless influences, Methodism has had a goodly number ; and in this we have been wonderfully favoured of God. Wo are grateful to God for the ex cellent work which is being done in this city by the sisters of the Central Mis sion. They are serving God and the Church in a way that is not open to all, and for which peculiar talents are required. Their work necessitates a good deal of self denial, and the expenditure of a con siderable amount of energy and patience, and it is the sort of work which women / alone can do. In many cases a man's face is not welcome where a woman's face is ; and the Church needs to utilise this fact, not in mission work alone, but in our circuits generally. A band of working sisters in connecti m with our principal churches, doing Christian ser vice in visitation, relief, and the com fort of the sick, would be a boon and a blessing to many a hard worked super int3ndent, and we see no reason whv such a band should not exist. At the same time let our pious sisters who may have neither gifts nor desire for public work take heart of grace. With all its excellencies, and we have no desire to depreciate them, yet such is not the highest work of woman. Speaking generally, the highest sphere of woman's duty and influence is the home. Und- r God, the real founder of Methodism was Susannah Wesley, and well did she de serve the title Dr. Punshon gave her — ' a Queen uncrowned.' If she did not speak in Conference, she did a good deal to make the Conference what it was in Wesley's day. 