KATHERINE'S VENGEANCE [BY THE AUTHOR OF " PAULINA LISLE."] PART II. CHAPTER XXVI (Continued.) Again his listener smiled as she recalled Sir Peter's ghastly face of fright. " It is an actionable matter to carry deadly weapons, and threaten the lives of her majesty's liege subjects. Then you have worn male attire—you have secreted a dangerous lunatic, to the terror of the neighbourhood ; in short, the list of your evil deeds is appalling. The police of Castleford, armed with a search-warrant, will be here today or to- morrow, at the furthest, to search the premises— you will be arrested, imprisoned, and tried. Miss Herncastle, Miss Dangerfield—I beg of you, avoid this. Fly while there is yet time, and save your self." She looked at him searchingly—earnestly. " Captain O'Donnell. I wonder why—I cannot understand why you should take the trouble to come here and say this. You dislike me with a cordiality there is no mistaking—you have shown me very little quarter hitherto ; what object have you in all this ? Why should you endeavonr to save a woman you hold in aversion and contempt ? a woman, in short, whom you hate ?'' " Whom I hate!" he repeated quietly. " Since when have I told you I hated you ? I do not hate you —very far from it ; and if I held you in aversion and contempt, I certainly should not take the trouble of coming here to warn you. I have heard Katherine Dangerfield's story— a strange, sad story ; and I believe her, even in this hour, to be more sinned against than sinning. She had made one great mis- take—she had taken retribution in her own weak hands— she has forgotten who has said ' Vengeance is mine ; I will repay !' I believe a great and generous ous nature has been warped. Commonplace women would have sunk under the blow ; being a woman of genius, she had risen and battled desperately with fate. And when a woman does that, she fails ; she must stoop to cunning, to plotting, to guilt. Katherine Dangerfield, I pity you— from my soul I do ; and, with my whole heart, I stand before you your friend. It is not too late yet ; pause, while there is yet time, on the road you are treading, and go back.'' There was no mistaking his earnestness, the gen- erous glow of his face, the friendly warmth of his tone. She had turned away from him and was looking out at the golden morning sky. ''Go back'' she repeated bitterly. ''Is there ever any going back in this world? Six years ago I might have listened ; today it is too late.'' It is never too late while life remains. It is only the turning point in your destiny. As yet you have been guilty only of follies— not of crimes. Katherine- \--her face flushed all over as he pronounced the name. She turned to him a sudden, surprised, grate- ful glance. ''Katherine,'' he held out his hand, ''for what I have said and done in the past, forgive me. Let me be your friend, your brother, from this hour. I pity you, I admire you. You have been wonder- fully brave and clever. Lay down your arms— give up the fight. Which of us can battle against fate ? Give me your hand— give me your promise. I cannot, I will not leave you until you do.'' She covered her face with her hands, her breast heaving, the colour burning in her face, moved to the very depths of her soul, with a passion of which he did not dream. ''I am taking Rose to France,' he continued coming nearer, his voice wonderfully gentle. ''Come with us— you will be safe there. You have been sadly wronged, I know ; but life deals hardly with us all. Yon know my sister's story— you know how her youth has been wrecked by the same hand that blighted yours. Let that be a bond of sympathy between you. Come with us to France ; the friend to whom Rose goes will also shelter you. She means to work for her living, teaching in a French school drudgery, perhaps, but she insists upon it, and I think myself labour, is an antidote to heart-break. Come ,Katherine— you have fought long and well and nothing has come of it. Give it up and come with Rose.'' Her hands dropped from her face ; something in the last words seemed to rouse her. She looked at him steadily. ''And nothing has come of it?'' she repeated. '' That is your mistake, Captain O'Donnell. Some thing has come of it. I wonder what you would say if I told you— what ?'' ''Tell me and see.'' '' I confess,'' she went on, ''to all the crimes laid my charge. I am Katherine Dangerfield ; I have been buried and risen from the dead, and with that resurrection my nature seemed to change. I have brooded on one subject--my wrongs--until I believe my brain has turned. I fled from the house of my true and loyal friend, Henry Otis, and went to America. I became the New York actress you so cleverly recognised. From New York I wrote to Mr. Otis. I told him if Gaston Dantree died, to bury him decently— if he lived, to furnish him with money to quit England; if he lived and reason did not return, as he feared, to send him to Bracken Hollow — not to an asylum. I wanted him cared for ; I had heard of horrible stories of insane asylums. I knew Hannah would be good to him, for my sake. When all hope was at an end, Mr. Otis obeyed, and, for nearly five years poor Gaston Dantree had been the ghost of Bracken Hollow. As a rule he is quiet and harmless, but there are times when his cries are terrible, when he tries to escape from his room. He has to be watched unceasingly. All these years I remained in the New World I worked hard in my profession, and rose. I made money and I hoarded it like a miser. Day and night, stronger and stronger with each year grew the determination to return, to keep my vow. I tell you I believe there were times when I was insane on this subject. Death alone could have held me back. I waited patiently while burning with impatience ; I worked; I hoarded, and at last my day came. I returned to England ; I made my way into the family of Sir Peter Dangerfield ; my revenge had begun. ''That, as you know, is not many weeks ago. It was a losing game from the first — I was playing to lose. I knew my secret could not remain undis- covered, but I dared all. Fate had taken my part in one way. I had a double motive in returning— one, my vengeance on him ; the other, to discover my parentage. I had a clue ; and, strange to say, in working out one I was working out the other. You know what followed — I played ghost— Lord Ruys- lsnd was right — and terrified the master of Scars- wood as I think he was never terrified before. I paid midnight visits to Bracken Hollow ; I dared not go in the day-time. You remember all about that, no doubt. There was an unused entrance by which I came in and out. Lady Dangerfield tyran- nized over and insulted me from the first ; I have rewarded her, I think. And I have personated Gas- ton Dantree, and won Sir Peter's idolized gold. Why I personated Dantree, I hardly know. Sir Peter was too blind to recognize me, and the whim seized me. How long I might have gone on, how it would have ended but for your recognition of me--- your suspicion and discoveries, I don't know. I owe you no grudge ; you were doing your duty, and I honour you for it. For Sir Arthur, you need not have been so much afraid ; it was a triumph to take him from Lady Cecil— to anger Lady Dangerfield ; but bad as I am, I don't think I ever was base enough to marry him, even if he had asked me. He had never wronged me, and I only waged war with those who had.'' ''You waged war with Lady Cecil Clive, in taking her lover from her, and she certainly never wronged you. She was your friend through all.'' The hard look came over her face once more, a hard light in her large eyes. (To be continued.) 