THE RELIGIOUS CARD PLAYER. A private soldier by the name of Richard Lee, was taken before the Magistrate of Glasgow for playing cards during tbe Divine Service. The account of it is thus given in an English journal. A Sergeant commanded tbe soldier at churcb, and while there tbe Parson tfead tbe prayers and took tbe text. Those who bad tbe Bible took it out, bnt tbis soldier had neither Bible nor Common Prayer Book, but pulling out a pack of cards lie spread tbem before him. He first looked at one card and then at another. The Sergeant of the Company saw him and said-1" Richard puc op tbe cards, this is no place for tbem." " Never mind that,*' said Richard. Wben the service was over the Constable took Richard a prisoner, and brought him before, the Mayor. " Well," said tbe Mayor, " what have you brought the soldier hern for?" "For playing cards in church." " Well, soldier, what have you to say for yourself ?" " Much, sir, I hope.'' " Very good, if not, I will punish you severely." " I bave been," said the soldier, " about six weeks on tbe march, I bave neither Bible nor Common Prayer Book, I bave nothing but a pack of cards, and hope to satisfy your worship of tbe parity of my intentionstben, spreading the cards before the Mayor, lie began with tbe Ace. "When I see tbe Ace, it reminds me that there is but one God. Wben I see tbe Deuce, it reminds me of Father and Son. When I see the Tray, it reminds me of Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Wben I see the Four, it reminds me of '.he four Evangelists that preached-Matthew, Mark, Lake, and John. When I see tbe Five, it reminds. me of the five wise Virgins that trimmed their lamps ; there were ten, bat five were wise and five were foolish, and were shut out. When I see the Sis, it reminds me that in six days tbe Lord made heaven and earth. Wben I see tbe Seven, it reminds that on the seventh day God rested from the great work he had made, and hallowed it. When I see the Slight, it reminds me of the eight righteous per sons who were saved when God destroyed the world, viz : Noah and his wife, his three sons and their wives. When I see the Nine, it reminds me of the sine lepers that were cleansed by our Saviour ; there were Dine out of the ten who never retorned thanks. When I see the Ten, it reminds of the ten commandments which God banded down to Moses on the table of stone. Wben I see the Kins, it re minds me of the great King of Heaven, which is our God Almighty. When I see tbe Queen, at reminds toe of the Qaeea of Sheba, who visited Solomon, for she was as wise a woman as he was a roan. She bronght fifty boys and fifty girls, all dressed in boy's apparel, for King Solo mon to tell which were boys and which were girls. The King sent for water for tbem to wasb. The girls washed to the elbows, and the boys to tbe wrists, so King Solomon told by that." " Weli," said the Mayor, " you bave described every card in the pack, except one." " What is that ?" " The knave," said the Mayor. " I will give your Honor a description of that, too. if you will not be angry." " I will not," said the Mayor, "if you do not term me to be the knave." "The greatest knave I know is tbe Constable who brought me here.'1 441 do not know," said the Mayor, " if he is the greatest knave, but I know he is tbe greatest fool." " When X count how many spots there are in a pack of cards, I find three hundred and sixty-five, as many days ae there are in a year. When I coaat the number of cards in a pack, I find fifty-two, tbe number of weeks in a year. I find there are twelve picture cards in a pack, representing the number of months in a year ; and on counting tbe tricks, I find thirteen, the number of weeks in a quarter, so you see a pack of cards serve for a Bible, Almanac, and Common Prayer Book.*' 