CHAPTER*' Tilt. . V^arice did not greatly en joy the Dron'echosfcer bail al th°ugh;the prince himself Lad condescended to smile on Her a^^her smiles;wererare wth him, all / Dronechester opmed that she ought to be verv pleased and flattered bv Se'attention- tfa* had the o-reat personage been’ a might) sio-niheant punce, wSaldtovB W y’'5He; spbt*OD the lonely ocean whcne Rpllo Dauesford’s ship 3 tossing, and thinking, o made : her hnd: the attentions of all the men round her very silly and very tiresome. . "Mr. Mafsden was ’always quick to read his ward’s : tace and to obey her wishes, hie saw she was bored by.the bail. and was shrewd enough t,o guess the cause. He was too wise, however, to entertain an} jeaWusy towards the absent lover,;\but true to his own policy determined to be always by her side-in his character of guardian ,and confidential -I'ricncfii-----—--~ : By such mcaus he hoped to obtain her perfect trust, and., perhaps some frank filial affec tion , and a platonic friendship onep firmly established be tween them might yet become twisted into a firmer tie. Marsden was above all else a cool, calculating man of the world, who knew exactly the weakness and the strength of the girl with whom lie had to deal. A dangerous rival at anytime; one prone to con quer by the sheer strength of his own will, and doubly dati gerons to the lover who was separated by half the globe from the lady of his heart. “ You are tired,” Marsden whispered in Clarice’s ear, as he noiselessly approached her; “ shall I order the carriage ?” She flashed a grateful look at him from her blue eyes ; it was all the reward he coveted. He felt if-wds appoint gained in his favor, and was- satisfied.’ “ Thank you,” she said,' “I must confess I’m not enjoying' myself; the room is so crow ded, everyone is very stupid, and I am tired. I should "be •glad to go-homo.—:—y* •-• — “ I will order the carriage,” he said, and hurried away, when she caught his arm and stayed him. . “ How selfish 1 am 1” she said with pretty penitence; “ you have many friends here. Pray do not leave early on my account. I dare say I shall enjoy myself more in a little time.” “ That is mistaken kindness, you must know that you are! more to me than'all these other friends,” Marsden returned; “ Ho remonstrance,” he. added, with a touch of authority, see ing she was going to speak; “believe me, I would rather go home.” So the carriage was ordered j and Mrs. Marsden having been roused from the shady corner where she had been dozing, Clarice and her guardianwere among the first to leave the i ball-room. v When they had reached Bajtiesdyke Marsden held her hand fov a few moments longer ! than usual when she bade him good nighty.givino' it a tender i pressure. 7 s >v*. ■ -—“¥oiia>;S.*prJ.i, — „_ii . Clarice said, halfremorsefully ■ “ when you are • kind and tho'ug'htfai, as you have been io-nis^V you make me feel v.«y vvicked and disobedient.” “A^foolish feeling,” Mars den smiled ; “ you might be mistaken, but you could Hot be wicked, and so long as I do net lay any very terrible com mands on you I have no fear you. will.be disobedient ” r Clarice smiled rather sadly, and as she ran upstairs to her own room, wished she could learn to like her guardian bet ter, since he was so Very kind to her. Thinking thus, she took the pearls from her neck and locked them with the diamond star in the je wel-case .of which she had told Olive the secret I °n the previous evening-. Then feeling-, sure alI was secure, she* left the• dressing- room and passed into : the adjoining-1 chamber, wl;ere she slep * Her thoughts by this _ had left her guardian, and we again with Rollo on tbefogU, sew. She Mtried^".^. letter always next her heat ', and, taking it out now read t through, although she knew so well that she could have r e peated it word for word. lhen» with her cheek pressed closely to it, she fell asleep, ^ dream that Rollo had returned in tlio dress of the Lord Hig miralin “Pinafore,” ancLtbe. ghost of old Sir Marmaduko was holding .out to him . i lost wilk , ' Tired bv the excuemcuu — the ball and by the long home ward drive, Clarice slept heavily—so soundly, inde®d> that she did not hear the breakfast bell clanging in hall below, and echoing again and >again_throu&'b- the lon0 horruTorsT ‘ .“'She is very tired, poor dear;” Mrs, Marsden said tor her son, in answer to his remark on Clarice’s absence from the breakfast-table. “ I will take her up a cup of tea to' rouse her, that is sure to do her good. Besides, I must really scold her this morning, if I cau find the heart to dp so.” “ What for ?”■ Mr. Marsden asked, with a slight elevatiou of his eyebrows. His mother’s mild voice seemed incapable of scolding anyone, and he knew that Glarice was her spoilt favorite. : “ Oh I dare say you won't think it wrong of her, because I know you ha,ye far- fetched sanitary ideas yourself,” Mrs. Marsden went on, wandering around the subject, as it were, without replying to his question This was a weakness of the old lady’s,, and one that her son found peculiarly irritating-; “ but l’m old-fashioned, I sup pose. and though I believe-in fresh air as much as anyone I am sure open windows all night longjat this time of tho .yeaiv’ai-o.positiveLy-dangerdiisr and no one will ever convince me to the contrary.” “What are you talking about ?” Marsden asked, with as much impatience as he ever permitted himself to. show. “ Who has slept with their window open ?” “ Why, Glarice, to be sure,” Mrs. Marsden said, blandly, as if it were a fact she had stated several .times before. “ And yet, no, she.. hasn’t exactly done that, for there is a good door between the bed roon and the dressing-room though, as she will always have the curtains looped back frofn it in a way that looks pretty but makes them of no practical use, I am sure there must he a fearful draught, even whciiit is shut. Do you know, Reginald, that not a single door in this house fits properly ?”. To be continued. 