The sudden crisis which wa sprung upon the Assembly at midnight on Tuesday was a political bolt out of tho blue. It found everybody in a state of unpreparedness. But the lapse of twenty-four hoars, and the consequent time afforded us for reflec tion, do not in any way modify the situa tion as we conceived it yesterday. The first consideration with all men at this grave juncture should he, not personality, hut patriotism. Political leaders have no doubt a perfect right to vindicate their individual dignity. Public interests de mand this, since no one who is care less of his own honor can be au efficient guardian of the honor and credit of the country. Bnt when all this is conceded, it still appears that no sufficient cause has transpired to provoke a political crisis. Mr. Turner's irritation was natural enough, no doubt. His rebuff at the hands of the Labor parly, coming after tho strong expressions of Messrs. Murray and Bromley, was certainly provoking, and all tho more so seeing that this section of the House has been, and ought to be, specially identified with a Government framed on Liberal lines. But it is hard to see how Mr. Turner up to the present has any serious cause of complaint. He has car ried his measures — exceptionally Important ones too — by the assistance of this section of , the House, with no more divergence of opinion than the gravity of the circumstances were warrant for. There have been necessarily very considerable concessions on both sides. Members who had set their minds upon a graduated land tax were not at all pleased at the measure submitted by Ministers ; but it was recognised that politics are a game of compromise in which no man can get all he wants, and has to be content with what he can get. Tho Government has unquestionably framed its policy on Liberal lines ; and though it is quite truo that those lineB have been more moderate than satisfied the extremer section of the party, it was still recognised that the Ministry had a just claim to the co-operation of all its supporters. Hitherto it has received that support to which it was entitled, alboit with some occasional growls of discontent. Mr. Turner rather exaggerated tho case when ho said that tho Government had been insulted. "Nagging" and candid criticism from the Ministerial Corner are rather the rule than tho exception in all Parliaments. And it is only when those grow to the extent of a gross breach of party discipline that a wise leader takes notice of them. In the present case nothing of the kind could be alleged. To carry a motion for reporting progress in a thin House at midnight is ! surely a very venial fault, and it is diffi. i cult to believe that any personal offence ! could have been intended by any member of the party which did it. On the other hand, Messrs. Bromley, Murray and Han cock must see that the language thny made use of contained veiled threats which must sting a self-respecting leader; and they have not unlikely come to that conclueion themselves. So much fori the amour propre of the individuals concerned. But that ought to he the lightest part of the business. Every man who puts the country first and himself second will see the intense awkwardness of such a crisis as that threatened. Its very suddennessmakesitworse. Itcomesupon all parties with surprise and finds no one ready. The Conservatives proper are too weak numerically to dream of taking office in the present House, even though Mr. Turner wore to fling the Premiership over to them. Neither their policy nor their personnel would he acceptable to a Parlia ment just returned from the country. No Government formed in th Oppo- sition Corner could live a week in the present Assembly. Messrs. Murray Smith and Harper are freo enough with finan cial schemes bred of irresponsibility, hut it is doubtful if either of them would face his constituents and risk re-election for the sake of office. And if they did, nobody knows better than themselves that nothing which they could propose would stand the ghost of a chance for acceptance in the pre sent House. If we turn to the Labor party proper, the case is much the same. As a section of the Liberals in the House they have their uses and their influence. But their position is not by any means a dominating one, and does not entitle them to assume a dictatorial attitude towards the Government. Their numbers are not such as to command support on either side of the House, and they are powerless except as an adjunct to the Liberal party. If they choose to bold themselves separate and aloof, they have, of course, great power for mischief; but that would he a misuse of their position which the country at large would soon resent, and its recoil would mean their early annihilation. They have no doubt a perfect right to their opinions res pecting payment of members ; but that right does not warrant them in blocking the course of legislation favored by 60 or 70 members of the House. There is of course the possibility of a reconstruction of the Cabinet. There are men of large Cabinet experience sitting on tlie Ministerial side of tbe Chamber. Messrs. Tucker, Wheeler, Sbieis, Deakin and others have all known office, moBt of them several times ; but it is doubtful as to whetiier changes at a time like the present would make for that expedition which is so essential for the transaction of the public business which has to be done. The Premier is the natural chief of the present Cabinet. His colleagues are energetic enough, but they do not hold the same position in public confidence, nor have thoy the reputation for ballast whiob would entitle them to Premier rank in times such as these. No one ean contemplate without dismay the sudden stoppage of all measures to provide for the ways and means of the year ; and there '-ought to be enough self- restraint and voluntary discipline in the Liberal ranks to prevent outbreaks which threaten the heBt promises of a course of progressive legislation. Ministers have their hands full of work of the first urgency and importance ; and so far from making their rough ways rougher, it would be only a sign of considerateness and good feeling if those who desire in the pnblie interests to see Liberalism triumph were to voluntarily submit to the exigent sacrifices of the times through which we are trying to find an opening into better circumstances. A coalition in the sense of a patriotic combination of all parties to pull the country through its troubles lias been more than once referred to aa a possible way out of the difficulties. In both Chambers such a course has been recommended during the currency of the debate, ard it would be a real advance upon party government as it is popularly understood if for onco in a way party con siderations were kept in abeyance in the presence of a great national crisis, and a gtnera! truce proclaimed till that crisis was surmounted. No party, so far as we can see, is provided with an infallible remedy for " tho oonfounded " want of pence " that is vexing the body politic. Mr. Shitls prescribed an income tax, but it did not meet with a cordial reception. The Paltorson Government paraded retrenchment as their panacea, but as they left tho application of it to their successors we must presume they had not much con fidence in it. Mr. Harper has tried his hand with a nostrum of liia own, which fiiids hut little favor oither inside or outside of tho House. The lsnd tax, as it was originally introduced by the Turner Government, seemed to its friends to reach tho malady it was intended to cure, but it lost a good many of its virtues during the rough hand ling it received in its passage through the Assembly. By the time it left that Chamber for tbe Council, it was robbed of nearly half its efficacy ; that is to say, by thcadoptinnnf tho £500exemption Mr. Turnerfound that lie had been compelled to part with £170,000. In the Council this damaging circumstance has been made the most of, especially in the moutli of Mr. Ham, who used it as an argumont for dropping the impost alto gether, and relying upon an income tax, with a course of drastic retrench ment combinod. All these diverse opinions show conclusively that the question has not emerged out of the debatable stage, and that no party can claim the field as their own. And if this is tho case, as we believe it to be, it follows that Mr. Turner lias a right to maintain possession of it, and may without loss of dignity or self-respeot invite his competitors to discontinue a controversy that promises no other result than to end in a waste of time and temper, and join with him in working for their common object, namely, the restoration of tho credit of their common country. If Mr. Turner could be assured that lie would bo met in this spirit, he would probably feel that it would he lijs duty to consult the public interest before his pri vate convenience, and make an effort to complete the task that he and his col leagues have labored so ungrudgingly upon from the day that lie oame into office. Whatever objections may be raised — and doubtless they will be numerous— to the scheme published in our issue of. the 3rd inst. in connection witli a proposed com bination of banking interests, the pro- pounders deserve great credit for the labor they have bestowed on the subject, If it have no other good results, it will doubtless open up a discussion on a question which for the past twelve months has more or less attracted public attention. It is acknowledged that the subject is one of considerable difficulty to deal with. There are so many interests involved, antagonistic in many instances, that at first sight it would appear hopeless to expeot that they can be reconciled. Each in dividual institution doubtless regards its own position as unassailable, at all events for the next two or three years, and therefore hesitates to commit itself for the present to any scheme that may interfere with the existing condition of its business. Such a view is both reasonable and to be expected, and were it not that 1898 and the engagements then to be met are regarded with some appre hension, there would be no valid reason for proposing to disturb present relations. The view taken by those who aro interested in changing the position seems to be that the condition of the London money market at the moment is highly favorable, and that waiting is courting the unknown and all its uncer tainties. Aud it may he fairly contended that there is considerable force in this conclusion. The scheme to which reference has been made should induoe discussion as to how far it will relieve us of all finaneial apprehension in the future. It will be well to state what are the principal objects of tiie scheme before discussing its merits. Briefly, these are to convert the deposit, receipts and pre ference shares of the Victorian recon structed banks into more realisable securities ; to reduce th interest charge, capitalising the value of th reduction for the period which they still have to run ; to reduce working expenses ; to prevent assets being realised on an unfavorable market, and to mitigate the immediate necessity of shareholders payingealls, except within defined limits. It need iiardly be ssid that if ail these objects could be attained very considerable relief would be afforded to the community. The authors of the scheme suggest that they could he ensured by the formation of two institutions, the one designated "The Consolidated Bank of " Viotoria," end the other " The Consoli- " dated Securltiee Company," the first to acquire the liquid business of ail the institutions joining the con solidation, and the other to take over a certain proportion of the at present unreal iBsble assets and a pro portion of the obligations of the banks— under conditions which would keep alive the interest of each bank. Dealing witli the creditors— that is, the deposit holders— it is proposed that their present receipts shall be converted into three classes of securities, namely, Preference Debentures, Deferred Debentures and Consols, issued in certain proportions by the Consolidated Bank and the Securities Company. It is further suggested that the Stale shall be asked to assist the scheme of consolida tion by issuing debentures to the Consoli dated Bank under certain conditions, to the extent of not more than one third of tho amount of the deposit receipts held by the creditors of the various institutions inter ested. These debentures are to be applied to liquidating tbe claims of snch holders of deposit receipts as may not acoept the new securities offered. In addition, it is suggested that the Consolidated Bank shall become the Bank of the State, and in addition to doing ths whole business of tbe Government ehonld have the sole right to issue paper currency. It will be seen that the scheme is of a most comprehensive character, and it is this very comprehensiveness wbich will induce a large amount of hostiio comment. Aesnming, however, that the underlying principle ia correct, there are certain points which will have to he largely modified. It may be fearad that the scheme is too elaborate, and it presupposes the consent of at least two- thirds of the creditors. As regards the former, the faet that three different securi ties are to be offered in liau of the deposit receipts, allof which are to beardifferont rates of interest and have different currency, is an objection which is certain to be raised. But the greatest difficulty rests with ths creditors. It would he almost impracti cable to obtain anything liko unani mous consent unless it conid be clearly shown that it would be to their ultimate advantage. It may ha argued that by accepting a new eecurity they part with their immediate claim on the uncalled capital to mako good any deficiency which may occur in the realisation of assets ot the institutions interested. Doubtless the experience of the liquidators of the Bank of South Australia will be quoted against the present proposed scheme. Reference to the latter will show that it is proposed that the Securities Company shall realise as they become marketable the non-liquid assets of the consolidated banks. This may be—indeed must he — a matter of years : ami although it is proposed that the company shall make periodical calls to meet defi ciencies that may accrue, the now solvnnt members may either ho dead or their financial position chnnged prior to the realisation being completed. It' is clear, therefore, that something more than the securities suggested to he nf- fored by tho new Bank and the Assets Company must he given to creditors if their consent iB to be obtnined. The scheme meets this difficulty by the pro posed Stato gunranteo ; and this at once raises the question— Wuuld such a guarantee ho permissible! in tho past history of British »fmanco instances have occnrrud where the State has inter vened to avert monetary disaster. In evcry cose the necessity lias been pressing ; and it will have to he clearly demonstrated that such is tho position hero, and tliat there is j a fair prospect that ultimately the State will not he a loser. According to the scheme, the State is to make a profit, not a loss, out of the business ; hut it must net he overlooked that this depends wholly on whether tho present securities can in the future he realised at tho price they represent in the hooks of tho several institutions. Of course, the State has to a certain extent tho additional security of tho uncalled capital of the various hanks joining in the consolidation, hut the actual valuo of this is difficult to deter mine. To all intents and purposes it is pro posed that the State should take the place of the creditors to the extent of one-third of tho liabilities fur outstanding deposits, and it need Iiardly ho said tiiat this opens up a very grave question. If it can bo shown that there is an urgent necessity for the adoption of such a course, and that it would not involve future loss to tho country, the example set by the British Government in relation to the Bank of England might safely ho followed. Those points will have to ho made clear to the public before the adoption of such a scheme is likely to be accepted. If tliis can he done, nnd the still more diffi cult task be accomplished of getting the institutions themselves to consider how far the general idea of consolidation will improve their position, a forward step will have been taken. Vic are afraid, however, as the Statist lias pointed out, that local jealousies arc likely to stand in he way of anything being done until we are brought face to face witli the difficulties which will accrue in 1898, when the deposit receipts issued under the various schemes of reconstruction will mature. 