LOCAL AND GEMRAL ITEMS. Entertainment at tub Town Hall —Tho audience whioh assembled at the Town Hall last evening was certainly not lorge, though it could not be chorged with any want of appreciation. The programme put forward by the All Nations puu wyojuuity company really merited a nuch larger attendance instead of the array of jmpty seats— at leaet in tho front portion— which greeted them. Most of tbo company have been seen in Maitland before, and sustained the reputation secured by them during tbe weekly visit of tbs Empire Company some time ago, Mr. H. Clay wsb heard to advantage in his song ' Jessie j' a little ?irl. Miss Essie Clay, sang tho familiar song, 'Two Libtlo Girls in Blue,' while Mr. Carleton got off several comic songs ia good style. The Fanning sisters, as usual, were good in their songB and lances, while Mr. H. Cardow's ' Up in the Moun tains' was vory nicely rendered. Miss Kate Clay in ' When the wedding balls are ringing,' waB in good voice. Will Wallace was as amusing as ever, and on hia second appearance I o perform had to respond three or tour times, tbe items given by him being parodies on ' The man that broke the bank at Monte Carlo,' ' Trinity Church,' ' Father of a little black coon,' besides his other absurdities, Messrs. Carleton and Sutton wero good in the song ? and dance ' The village queen,' and also as Irish knockabout specialists. The two little Cunard sisters gave a graceful song and dance entitled *' The howdy dowdy boys,' and had to repeat. The success of the evening was undoubtedly Miss Helen. Gordon, a lady with a voice of great power and sweetness, who met with great succesB in Brisbane recently. In tho first part she sang ' The young brigade,' in a manner w_bich at once established her as a favourite. Later she gave an opera selec tion from the Barber of Seville, entitled ' Tyrants soou,' and as an oncore her voice was heard to great advantage in tho old and favourite song ' Killarney,' which waB even bettor than its pre decessors. The samo lady, with her husband, Mr, t A. L. Cunard, in nn item entitled, ' Tbo Spanish Students,' rendered some American and English airs on tbe mandolin and banjo, the result of which was an enthusiastic recall. Mr. Cunard was also to havo given his ' ppook' trunk sensation, but for an unfortunate accident | but nn entertainment will be given under bis direction this evening. The best Fond for Children ib ARNOTT'S MILK ARROWROOT BISCUITS. Ask for Arnott'b, and don't be persuaded to take a substitute. 538 Cbiokbt. — The following playors will ropresent East Maitland A team in a match against Hinton team to be played at EaBb Maitland to-morrow:— Bonthorno, Cnfferty, Clemens. Doyle, LewiB, Lusk, Marr, Mudd, Richards, WilliamB, Wade, J. Walmsley 12, A. Clift 13. East Maitland B team will play Mulbring Club on tho ground of tbe latter, and will be represented by Alcorn, Butler, C. Mackay, K. Muckny, Brown, Jackson, F. Mudd, Windross, Forest. Moon, Hole, Waller 12. Land and Income Tax Assessment. — In accord- ance with an appointment made, Mr. D. M. Mait- land, of the Detail Survey Branch, waited upon Mr. P Bowes, Council Clerk, at the Council Cham- bers, East Maitland, this morning, for information in connection with the Land and Income Tax Assessment, which was accordingly supplied to the gentleman. Tho Children all love them and take no other —ARNOTT'S MILK ? ARROWROOT BIS QUITS. 53B Bankruptcy CounT. — Mr. W. F. Robertson, District Registrar in Bmkrnptoy, conduoted an examination at the Courthouse, EaBt Maitland, this morning in tho bankrupt estate nf Miohaul John Bennett, fruiterer, of West Maitland. Mr. W. T. Lindbay appoared in the interoBts of tbe bankrupt, who ascribed his position to losses in an action in tho Supremo Court, want of work, and bad times. By Mr. Lindsay : Ho doalt principally in fruit, nnd the business was therefore a oash ono, so that ho kept no regular book acoounts, Ho could not fllo a trading nooount for any time past in consequence. A mooting oi creditors was then called, but no ono appeared, the only oroditors proved being tho trusteoB of tho Presbyterian Globe, £9 4b. The public examination and tho meeting of oreditorB wns adjourned for a weok. ? If you cannot obtiiin ' My fa Tea' in your d's triot write to D. Mitchell and Co., Claronop-streot, Sydney, who will arrang for a supply at onoe, through tholooal storokeoopor. SiaiiTnnss Fish. — A correspondent wrote a short tiino baok asking if there woro suoh things as sightless fish, In JOwu/hdge for September thero Ib a paper (leBoribing several kinds of fish, all in habiting oavo or subtorranoan waters, which havo no oyes. ' By far tho most colobratod among thoso is tho well known blind-fish (Amblyopias speliDt), whioh has beon taken in both tho Mam moth (Kentuoky) and tho Wyandotte (Indiana) oaves, as well as the intervening subterranean waters, This fish is the typical representative o£ a small family allied to tho oyprinodonta, whioh nro themselves relatives of tho carps. It is qnlto destitute of extornal eyes, and itB body is com pletely colourless t but itB sonso of hearing is ex traordinarily dovoloped. In tho typical form this fish has a small, pair of pelvlo fins, but in some examples (whioh havo been roforrotl to a distinot gonus undor tho nnme of TyphliohthyB) thoso are wanting. The maximum length is Sin. Profofsor Copo writoB that if thoao fiah ? bo not alarmod thoy comb to' tho surfaoo to food and swim in full sight like white aoquntio ghosts. They aro then easily takon by the band or not, if porfoot Bllonoo iB observed, for tboy nro unconBoious of tho nrosence of nn onemy oxoopb through tho medium of nonrlng. This soneo is, howover, ovldontly vory aouto, for at nny noiso thoy turn suddenly downward, and hldo beneath stones, &a.;, at the bottom. Thoy muat take muoh of thoir food near tho surfaco, as tho lifo of tho dopths is apparently vory Bparso,' ' * East JUitland Police CounT,— I'lio only busi ness transacted at tlio East Maitland Polloo Court this moaning wns two munioipnl by-law oases brought by tho Inspeotor of Nuisanoos against a oouplo of porsons who hnd drlvon on tho footpath in Viotoria-stroob. Finos of 5a and 2s Od ooats wero inflicted. Messrs, A. G. Cullum and W. F. Robort son adjudicated. Why not buy tlio bost for your Children P Ask for ARNOTT'S MILK ARROWROOT BIS CUITS. 588 Wbbt Maitland Policjij CounT.— At tho West Maltlimd Poliuo Court this morning, boforo Mossrs. H. Crothors and M. Murray, .T's.P., nn individual namod Jomeo ICorr was sontenoed to sovon days without tho option of a flno for riotous bohaviour. An old oltondor was fined 10s or -i'8 hours for drunkenness, 'I'lio oaso of wlfo dosortion brought by Brldgob O'Brion ngalnsb John O'Brien, of Branxton, whioh had boon remanded from yester day to allow O'Brion, who had beon drinking heavily, tlmo to rooovor, wiih postponed till Tuesday. PnoaHnnir»cm in Pauliamiont,— ' Yesterday, in the Legislative O'ounoil, no time Was lost in getting to the Couuuttteo work on thu Land nnd Income Tax Assessment bill. An ntteinpt to limit the land tnx to areas outsido tnuniolpal boundaries failed, hut thu land tux exemption of £175 in valuo wns slruolc out by HO votes to 11, A proposal to exempt morb-' gages from lund tnx nnd bring thorn under Inomno t'ix was opposed by the Government, and dehnioon tho qunstion stands adjourned to Tuesday, In the AflBombly tho busluoss wnn furbhor onnsideratlon of' the Mining Laws Amondment bill, and dlsmmslon of a moasiiro to ninond tho electoral law by giving votes to /inllors, and providing that whnro nn, eluotor loaves his dlstrlot, aud rosldon for a month In a now dlstriob ho mny roaord hln voto on Ills old olootot'fl right ponding tho holding nf a rovlslonaiul' and tho isouo to hi m of a new right, Longd o« ousslon onsuiid upon tho proposal to uomilder tlio' oxpedionoy of Introduulng tho bill, tlio speofllioa being mainly dlrnntod against tho right systami' whioh It was urged was a rallufo, Mvontunlly, tlio flow of talk being Hoprofuso, progress was reported, and tho debate stands adjourned till Tuesday noxt.' Wathii Ratios,—1 Tho Hunlor District Walor Supply and Soworngo Board Intend proceeding ngalnsb a numbor of persons In Malblnna nnd Morpeth for nrroarn of water ratios, On Monday at) Went Maitland nbout 100 porsona nro naked to appear If their rates nro nob paid In the meantime,.' At Ensti Maitland on Friday nexb thorn w 11 alw bo a lnrgo numbor of attaoa. bai only about half-n-down DummonaoB havo boon issuad for Morpeth for tlio uauio dny. ' , I'noi'imiTv SAr.tt,— Mr, O; K, Yming reporto having sold, on nmmiint' of Mr, Chan, '['?» r(y» hottoo* and land, Lorn, for JJti lOj put'ohuuor, Miss Hall, 