SKE CH ER In a Monster's daws. \--- ,-io.t--- Stirring Adventures with Lions in the Hottentot Country. The Vonderful Strength of the Iting of Beasts- Sensatlons of a Ilan Who Was Carried Hatlf a Mile Between the Tocth of a Hugo Bruto. While trapping lions in the Hottentot country for the liamburg animal house I hid oepportunities for seeing the king of Ibeasts at his best and for making close ob servations of his trails of character, writes a corrcspondent. We were once camped in a grove on tile bank of-a creek. our patty nlmbering over thirty people. The bankon tile other side was rocky ground, pretty thiickly covered with scrub, and t;giht on the brink stood ione of the larcest lions I ever saw. lie was out in fall view, bead and tail up, and stnood n still for a moment that I doubted if he was alive. We had a new milch cow tied to the wheel of one of the waggons, and the lion advanced to within thirty feet of her and then niade a spring which landed himi f.irly upon her tiack. She fell in a heap, and hie seized her by the neck, gave her two or three shakes, which broke the grass rope arou: d herhead, and then he got his right shoulder under her and started oit. The cow weighed at least fire hundred pounds, but lie carried herwith iperfect case, her hind feet dragging on the ground. At the creek he made a jump of eleven feet, ascended a sloping bank without a halt, and soon disappeared in the broken ground with his prey. lie was gone before we had a gun reaidy. About four months later, on the Orange Fiver, I had a close call for my life, with no one at hand to aid me by distracting the.at. tentoon of the lion. I had only one white man with me, and he was ill of fever. 'We had dug a pit on a path frequented by lions coming down to drink, but were much annoyed by other animals falling into it. On the first night, after the natives had driven several useless animals away, a large lisn and lioness came down the path. When first discovered the lion was ahead, but he got the scent of my men, who were stationed in a tree, and stopped short to growl and sniff, while the lioness, who was perhaps very thirsty, advanced slowly and went down into the pit. The pit was two miles from onrcamp, and we heard nothing of the row which took place whin the lion' discovered the trick played oa his mate. lie tore around like madi, and then lay down at the foot of the tree and besieged the men. As soon as it was daylight I left camp on horsebacs to ride ever and see what luck. I rode straight for the place, and when within forty rods called to the men. They ansivered at, once, and though I could not make out what they said I knew they- were excited over something. I was liding around'a clump oft trees on to an open space, when my horse suddenly started. Next instant I was on the ground and the lion staniding over me. and I could hear the horse tearing away through, the scrub like mad. The lion had pulled me down, tearing the back out of my coat, vest,' and shirt, but not drawing blood with his? claws. t As in the previous case, I was not fright ened, because it had occurred so suddenly that I had not time tolose my nerve. I was on my left side, bareheaded, and the lion stood for a moment with his paw on my right shoulder looking after the hotee. The natives saw the fleeing horse, knew very well what had happened to me and at osce descended the tree and made for camp. I did not blame them, anl perhaps that very, action saved my life. I had time to collect my thot- . - -na a rm teui n by arkinglikeado?g,, decided to follow the same plan in this case. But, as I said at the beginning, lions are as unlike as lmen. At my first hark this fellow growled savagely and gave me a terrible bite in the hip. Efad I tried out at that or made any strt'gg.e -e wnild have finished me at once. I repressed miy feelings and played dead. I had a revolverstrapped to my back, but it would not do to reach for it. After biting me the lion watched and waited for signs of life, and when he could detect none be seized my right shoulder in his teeth, gave me a shake and a twist, and next moment I was being carried off on his back. His teeth did not touch my fleshl, and as I lay almost across him orimy side my hand struck the butt of the revolver. I had it out of the holster in a second, and then I felt I had a show. Whether the beast felt any movement or not hlie growled at in. tervals, and his breath came back on me so strong that I was nauseated. I intended to fire into him as he carried me along, but he was swaying about so that I dared not risk it. After carrying me half.a-mile through the scrub and over broken ground the lion halted at the head of the ravine, in which he doubtless had his lair. He turned about as if to see if pursuit had been made, and the muzzle of the pistol came against his left hip. I fired at once, and the next instant was flung in a heap on the earth, while the lion uttered a scream of pain. I was on my knees in a flash, but the beast was ten feet away, going round in circles and biting at the wound. He did t nnotice me in the least, and I sent another bullet in him just back of the shoulder. Ie uttered another scream, and instead of rushing at me, as I fully expected, made a leap into the ravine, anil I could hear him running for some dis. tance. I was badly shaken up, but I lost no time in getting out of the neighborhood, and in the course of an hour reached camp. Nearly everybody was out looking for me. See now how inconsistently that lion acted; lIe came out into the open ground and charged the party of over twenty men, at though they had not disturbed him. He hac] run from me in his surplrise, and now felt aohamed of himself. He knocked over a native as he charged, but was riddled with bullets, and gave up the ghost. 