WOMAN'S WORLD. SOCIAL GOSSIP. The Earl of Yarmouth is at present the ; guest of Mr. and Mrs. De Jersey Grut, at Kiverside, Kangaroo Point, and purposes leaving Brisbane for Melbourne < Saturday-. Mrs. Gunter is giving an afternoon tea party at The Barracks on Saturday. Bishop Dawes arrived from Rockhamp- ton by the steamer Peregrine yesterday. Mr. and Mrs. James Tolson, accom- panied by their daughters, Misses E. and L. Tolson, and Mrs. J. Snell, leave Bris- bane to-day for Hobart, where they in- tend to pass the summer. During their short stay in town Mr. and Mrs. Tolson and Mrs. Snell have been the guests of Mr. and Mrs. W. G. Smart, at Hendra, and the Misses Tolson have been visiting the Misses Dickson, at Toorak. Miss Babbidge is visiting Miss Pells, at the Girls' Grammar School. An entertainment, highly successful as regards the excellence of the performance and the size of the audience, was given in Ali Saints Schoolroom on Tuesday evening in aid of the church funds. The comedy, " Withered Leaves," and the farce, " Slight Mistakes," were both given in very good style, Mr. C. L. Peter- son bearing off the laurels in both plays ; Miss Howard playing up to him very happily. The other parts were taken j by Mr. H. Fuller, Mr. A. Moreton, Mr. M'Fie, Miss Hepburn, and Miss Peterson, and Messrs. Watson, Leslie, and Ward. Songs by Miss B. Peterson, Mr. E. Peter- son, and a brilliant pianoforte solo by \ Mr. Bain made an agreeable interlude. The evening was brought to a close by I a skirt dance by Miss Brown and Miss Nellie Laurence, which the audience ap- I plauded to the echo. Mr. C. Selk gave valuable assistance as accompanist throughout the entertainment. To Mr. C. M. Allen was due. as usual, the excel- lent management and arrangement of the performance. On Monday there was a large gathering of ladies and gentlemen at the house of Mr. A. M. Francis, Sherwood, to consider the subject of woman's suffrage. Papers were read by Mesdames D. R. M'Connel and M. E. Briggs. ' Short addresses very much to the point were delivered by Mesdames Leontine Cooper, Trundle, Miller, Moginie, and Rylands (of Gym- pie), the Revs. J. S. Pollock and J. S. Hassell, and Messrs. Moginie and D. R. M'Connel. Of the numerous gentlemen present only one-Mr. Gray-stood up as an opponent of womanhood suffrage. Letters regretting inability to be pre- sent were read from Sir Charles Lilley and Mr. Drake. The genial hostess's contribution to the meeting was highly appreciated. One result of the above meeting was the handing in to Mrs. Dewar of the names of a number of ladies and gentlemen who intend forming a brapch of the Woman's Equal Franchise Association at Sherwood. THE NEW GOVERNOR. WEDDING OF LORD LAMINGTON. The new Governor of Queensland, Cord Lamington, was married on the 13th June last to Miss May Hozier, daughter Of Sir William Hozier, Bart. Owing to the recent death of the bride's uncle, General Fellden, M.P., the wed- ding was a quiet one. The bride, who was given away by her father, was attired in Ivory satin, trimmed with old point d'Alencon (the gift of her sister) ; sprays of orange blossoms in her hair, and a tulle veil. Her ornaments were a diamond tiara and a string of pearls, her father's gifts. The six brides- maids wore white satin, with large chif- fon fichus held in place with a cluster of pink roses and lilies of the valley, and Tuscan straw hats trimmed with cream lace and flowers to match those on the dress. The bridegroom, pre- sented them with diamond and ruby hat- pins. The Rev. Canon Fleming, vicar of St Michael's and chaplain to the Queen and Prince of Wales, performed the marriage rite, assisted by the Rev. E. Kershaw. The Earl of Scarborough acted as Lord Lamlngton's best man. Later in the afternoon the newly-wedded pair started for Lamington, the family seat in Lanarkshire. The bride went away In a travelling dress of gray chine silk brocaded with blurred pink roses, and trimmed with cream embroideied muslin and satin ribbons. Miss Hozier, Bister of the bride, wore a dress of pale blue chine silk, trimmed with cream guipure and pink chiffon, and a toque of peach blossoms. Among those pre- sent at the church were Prince and Princess Cassano, Princess Henry of Pless and Miss Cornwallis West Dowa- ger Countess of Dundonald and Lady Alice Newton, Countess of Dundonald, Marquis and Marchioness1 of Zetland, Countess of Cromartie, Lord and Lady Ashbourne and Hon. Violet Gibson, Lord, and Lady Morris, Lady Brisco, Adeliza Countess of Clancarty, Viscount and Viscountess Melville, Lady Laming- ton, the Marquis and Marchioness of Bristol, Sir Stafford and Lady North- cote, Sir Archibald and Lady Alison, Admiral Sir John and Lady Hay, Sir Graham Montgomery, Countess of Scar- borough, Lady Blythswood, Lady Max- well and .Miss Maxwell, and others. WEDDING. AT MARYBOROUGH. Mr. H. O'. Hyne-Miss Hart, The marriage of Mr. H. J. Hyne, eldest I son of Mr. Ti. M. Hyne, with Miss J. W. Hart, eldest daughter of Mr. Robert Hart, was celebrated at St. Stephen's I Presbyterian Church, Maryborough, on 25th September, trie officiating clergy- : man being the Rev. Dr. Knlpe. The bride and bridegroom are members of j two of the oldest and most respected families of the town. We extract from | the " Chronicle's" report tho following particulars of the ceremony : The church was simply crowded. The bridegroom was accompanied by Mr. IL V. Harricks and Mr. A. Hors-, burgh as groomsmen. Tho bride," who looked charming, was attended by live bridesmaids and two pages. The bride's gown was of rich Ivory white silk, trimmed with real Maltese lace, full court train falling from the shoulders, and lined through with white satin, edged with a ruche of bridal net trimmed "with chiffon. Bilk lace, and orange blos- soms. Her bridal veil was supported by a chaplet of orange blossoms. She car- ried a lovely shower bouquet. Her or- naments were a very handsome double hearted moonstone brooch, thei gift of the bridegroom ; and a beautiful brace- let of diamondsand rubies, the gift of tho Hon. A. H. and Mrs. Wilson. The bridesmaids were-Miss Hyne, Miss May Hyne (sisters of the bridegroom), Miss Sapsford, and Misses Mary and Agnes Hart (sisters of the bride). The cos- tumes of the three elder bridesmaids consisted of white alpaca, trimmed with duchesse lace, violet«, and heliotrope chiffon. They wore large leghorn hats trimmed with white plumes, ribbon; vio- lets, and French paste buckles, and car- ried shpwer .bouauets. The two smaller bridesmaids wore white silk,Greenaway frocks, l_ir_med. with silk lace ¡'ribbon and jessamine. They' carried white baskets of flowers. The, two little pages, nephews of the bride (Mastei's Baynes), were in naval costume. Mrs,. Robert Hart (mother of tlie bride) wore a beautiful French gray silk trimmed with steel and gold ; steel and gold bon- net, with heliotrope flower. She car-t ried a pink bouquet, with heliotrope streamers. Mrs. J. H. Baynes (sister of the bridegroom) wore white lawn Valen- ciennes lace, over daffodil satin ; white loco hat, with daffodils ; jet and rich corded ribbon. She carried a bouquet of daffodils with streamers. Mrs. Mars land (another sister of the bridegroom) wore cream and green, covered with giilpure lace. Among the guests were Mrs. A. H. Wilson, Mrs. W. F. Harring- ton, Mrs. W. Walker, Mrs. J. M. Stafford, Mrs. James Thomson, Mrs. J. L. Knipe, Mis. Bonar, Mis. J. Blanchard, Mrs. W. Dawson, Mrs. Harricks, Mrs. G. Stupart,. Mrs. J. Fairlie, Mrs. Jabez Green, and Miss Job (Tiaro). At the conclusion of tlie service in the church the bridal party left amid a shcwer of rice and rose leaves. They were driven In the Hon. A. H. Wilson's carriage to the residence of the bride's parents on Point Lookout. Here a large marquee had been erected on the lawn, and a numerous company sat down to the wedding breakfast, The newly wc-dded pair left by the afternoon train for Gympie, en route for Sydney and Melbourne, where the honeymoon will be spent. The bl ide's travelling-dress was of French tweed, braided with brown braid, and lined with brown satin ; a toque of brown velvet with jet, rich shot ribbon and violets, and a brown mantle trimmed with fur. THEOSOPHISM. A Lady's Tgle-a-tete with the Countess Wachtmeister. Most of us feel towards Theosophism as children do about a ghost story ; it is highly interesting, but at the same time it gives them a decidedly creepy feeling. Such and all other indistinct and misleading ideas about Theosophism the Countess Wachtmeister, who is going to stay in our midst for, some time, is determined to combat most energetically. When during my call I mentioned, after the first preliminaries, that Theosophism had attracted, more attention in this country a while ago than it does now, and that it was often mixed up with spiritualism, the Countess emphatically requested me to assure the people that her science had nothing to do with spiritualism. " We do indeed." she went on, " uphold some of their mani- festations ; but I believe that the mate- rialised forms-and I have seen some myself-are not spirits, but the reflection of astral bodies." One of our topics was reincarnation, which, as is well known, forms one of the society's prin- cipal doctrines, and which the Countess believes to be amongst the foundation stones of every religion. Her views on Jesus, whose teachings she declares ' to be thoroughly theosophical ; the Church of the present, which she con- sures as being too material ; thought reading, of which she maintains that it is recognised by the scientists as ex- plained by natural laws ; and many other topics of vast interest were touched upon in our conversation. But two things the lecturess requested me in the course of the interview to make more commonly known. She upholds that her convic- tions do not appeal to the cultured mind only ; she assured me that not only her Swedish peasants exclaimed with pleased astonishment, " Why, those are the very thoughts we always harboured, only clothed in different words," but that also the inhabitants of the East End of Lon- don thoroughly sympathised with her views. The other subject is a personal one, concerning inhabitants of this country. On my mentioning the late Mr. Hartmann, of Toowoomba, who had bequeathed the whole of his property to the Theosophical Society, I was most emphatically assured that this body re- fused to accept the inheritance, and re- turned it to the testator's children, a statement diverging from the impres- sion of many persons on the Darling Downs. Certainly, the subject of the lectures in view is a vast' and eminently interesting one, and opens a large field for discussion. So Wednesday after- noon's meeting, which the Countess will entirely devote to the answering of ques- tions, should prove very attractive. 