THE LAST LEAP. A STEEPLECHASE STOEY. fBy D.M. in the Australasian.^ Allan Ogilvie's nerve had been shaken by that sudden recognition and the unaccustomed tension of a great, race, and he never knew how ho crossed the first fence. He saw the straw and black jacket of Babbler a safe one to follow-rise in front of him. Amongst the whistle of the silks he heard the higher note of a whip or two at the takeoff and the rails flashed under him, but before the second fence was reached he had The Stag in hand and was riding again as the Woodlands people knew he could ride. He blundered slightly at the log;'fo* The Stag took the. time from the lightly-weighted Leona, over whom Dalrymple, wasted to a shadow for the race, bad lost all con trol. and stood too far off it. Thb field was weeded early. Maid of the Wannon showed them her new shoes at the wall as she landed saddle underneath, her rider realising sadly that something more is wanted in the Grand National than a firm faith in the goodness of Heaven and a free bridle hand. Prince Buperfc was praying for an instant on the sward by the river side, but. his poet jockey pulled him on his feet with those long powerful arms, as he had once or twice picked up Babbler when the old horse had clouted heavily, and with eight riders in ten was really down. Thej had gone two miles before Allan saw anything of Jack Herrick; then : he caught a glimpse of him on the skirts of the field, and a thrill of pride for the old place where they had both learned to ride shot through him he saw how perfectly Herrick sat and handled his horse. Not the best of that gallant company had a better seat-but the rider's face, bathed in the sunlit glow of that pale green jacket, was ghastly. . Again the stand and the shouts and the cheering as they swept by. The spirit ot the race had fired Allan Ogilvie's blood now. The sense of intrusion he felt at the start-every feeling of uncertainty had gone, and he thought only of winning, for never the noblest red deer jumped better than The Stag that day, and some of the big guns were already landing with a shock that told of tiring. A crash near the sheds and a long figure lying limp and still under the fence showed a rider senseless, and Prince Bunert galloping off witli flying bridle. The awkward jumper had giveu Gordon his first bad spill. Ti'-ere were but two horses in front of The Stag-the green and the lucky cerise on Banker-as for the the last time they turned towards home. A wild, death-dealing amateur, cliogiug to a near bit and an off bridoon, and with the curb splintering his horse's jaw, went slap through the second last fence, and the air for an instant was darkened with splintered rails. The rider's heart was sound as, bell-metal, but his temper too hot for the business. Allan could feel as he cleared that fence that he must be near at the finish, and a tinge of anxiety mingled with his enthusiasm. The roll of The Stag's lusty shoulder under his knee was as vigorous as .ever-there was no signal of distress from the sensitive ears, the burnish of the rider's spurs was yet undimmed. "What if he and Jack Herrick should fight it out at the finish! He almost feared that contingency, but none the less touched The Stag for the first time with the steel, as Ingle sides' white face and the speedy Balla rat-always handy towards the finish -appeared on either side of him. Banker fell back beaten, for the weight had found bim out, and as they raced at the last jump Jack Herrick looked over his shoulder to see who was coming at him But the outsider from the Murray had gone his distance too ; he was too green for such a test as this. A hundred yards from the fence he began to roll, and his rider flogged, but it was useless. The Stag, fit yet to race for a kingdom, came to him in every stride. His horse's nose was on the other's flank as both shortened their stride for the fence. Once more Jack Herrick looked round, and this time his face was dark and more drawn than ?* ver. He saw that his rival would beat him-the jother was to be always first. Ogllvie, even in that fraction of a secoud, could read his thoughts, yet was more con cerned for the recklessness of his rival in racing a tired hcrse at such a fence. In the next instant hiB -heart leaped to his mouth. Herrick had. turned again, Ms teeth showing in > savage smile. " Noj by bellj yog dp'n't 1". h.e; shouted. The nest instant the grey | horse was pulled,across^him, and there was a blinding crash. IP Lying in the casnalty-roona . under; the hill; Allan Ogiiyie: "struggled back: to consciousness- first with the din of" the hoofs still ringing in Iiisears-a rhythmic galloping to the tuue - <jf" singing birds, /then" a ,chang<3 t<S ; the1 rushing of waters^ .JksJie^ojyyifcdJjjs eyes they fell upon the dapper figure of a sporting surgeon, who with his - cuffs rolled back was methoSWlly | wiping his hands. He could see a' j splash of blood on a fold of ttie snowy j linen, but as yet. bad no idea as to where he was or how he came there. The surgeon was talking to one of l'ne stewards who stood near. *'I can't quite make out 'how it happened," he ? -said'. - " The grey seemed to sw.ing into . him, and a is , horse spraddled and nut. his foreleg between the top and middle rail-ijt snapped like a carrot and bung by the tendon. Oh, that poor liorse-what bare they done with bim ?" " They shot him where he hang," eaid the steward ; " it's a wonder the fjai! didn't snap-but they're terribly fcough those mountain ash panels they bend but they rarely break." It brought Allan Ogilvie back to, his senses-he remembered everything now-the last fence, the look on Her rick's iace as he pulled his horse over and with it came a rush of savage resentment. With au effort he shook off the galloping field and the flowing water and struggled to his feet. The surgeon laid a warning hand on his shoulder. " Steady, my lad," he said kindly, " there's nothing broken ; you've bad a nasty shock, that's all, and must lie quiet for a little while." " Where is he-where's that dain'd murdering hound?" he said angrily, brushing aside the restraining hand on his shoulder. " He killed my horse and he tried to kill me, as he killed poor Tom White years ago. I'll settle with the cowardly dog for this." " Hush, man !" said the steward solemnly, as he poiuted across the operating table to the other side of the room. The bed was covered with a strip of white canvas which had settled down to the still outline of a man-so still, so rigid, that none need ask what lay beneath. The fellow faltered, then still weak from his stunning fail staggered across the room, and tremblingly raised a cornerof the cauvas cover. There was no recognisable face. It had been crushed horribly, beyond all recogni tion, but turning the cloth further back he saw the familiar green jacket, stained with blood and dirt. " My Crod, it's Jack," he said so lemnly ; " he's dead." " His horse roiled over him," the surgeon said; *' he was killed on the spot- poor chap, lie never knew what hurt him. Did you know him?" he went on; " be seems to have few friends on the course-there hasu't been a soul to see him." Allan listened in a confused way, then groped for the door, gaspiug, " Let ine out; let me out, please, into the light." " RVs all right; his friends are waiting for him outside," said the surgeon. " He's with the Woodland's peop'.e." And he opened the door. Allan Ogilvie hardly noticed the en qulfcSes of his friends ; the fall and the shock of that sudden discovery had unmanned him. He took the brandy that was offered him, and said, " I'm all right, boys-just let me move about here on the grass for a minute-and j I'll go ami dress." They had barely left him when a slouching figure singled out from the curious crowd and walked up to him. " You 'member me, don't ye, Mr Ogilvie ?"' he said. " I'm sorry to iiear my old mate Jack's gone, but I'm glad you ain't." Then he stoped, for the man to whom he spoke had both hands on his temples, and was staring at him like one demented. At lust he gasped, with an effort, " It is White-it's no ghost. You're Tom White, ain't you?-you're not not dead ? Good Heavens, man, speak, can't you ?" He had gasped the worcs spasmodi cally, while the other stared at him in silent wonder. " My name's Tom White, o' course," he mumbled. " You knew me and him in there; we was mates droyin on the Upper Murray;" The tragedies of this day were al most too much for Ogilvie; everything was rushing at ouce to its clnnax. Steadying himself with an effort he came closer to the other, and in a voice suuk to a whisper with intensity of feeliug said, " But where have you been ? Every one thinks you dead-damn it, man, speak!" he went on emphatically. " Don't jou know that poor Jack Herrick lying dead in there was sus pected of having killed you ?" "I heard somethin' of it," said the other apologetically, " and was goin' down some day to give it the lie, but somehow I kept puttin' it off. and never got the chance until I came down to see the Grand National run." " Why didn't you write ?" Allan asked. "I was always goin' to," the other answered; "but that's my sort, jou know-I keep puttin' things off and theu forgettin' 'em." " Good Lord! is a tiling like tha; so little that you couldn't summon enough resolution to do what wa right? What sort of man are you ?" | " I always meant to," said the other. ( apologetically, '* You see, when I wem away I took this pet horse, then I go drunk up ai Greek Joe's on the Bluf Range, and when I was cleaned out 3 sold the horse, eo I was rather 'shamed to show up again while he was about. I hope there ain't no harm done." " Ifo harm!" Ogilvie said vehe mently, overwhelmed in ail instant with a withering contempt for this wretched, vacillating man, who had hidden away and let his mate carry for years the blame of having killed him. " St;ind back, or I'il d« you some harm. He didn't kill you. No ! but you killed him. Do you hear, you skulfcing honnd, you killed him ?" Tbe man slunk away in the listless, slouching style so much in harmony with his lack of character, and as the curious crowd attracted by the altsr eatiou begau to gather Allan turned also. " JSTarked because he didn't win," he heard someone say as, with down cast eyes, he walked back to the casu alty-room. " Can I go in a moment ?" he said to the attendant on guard at the door. " I wan't to see him ; he's an old friend of mine." The roam was empty-save for the solemn silent fignre beneath the canvas. He did not raise it from the face again. Dropping beside the couch, he felt beneath the coverlet and drew forth the hand, blue-white in death-pulpless as putty now. " For give me, old chum," he sobbed. " God forgive me-and you." 