THE MERCURY. HOBART : MONDAY, MAY 20, 1896. EPITOME OF NEWS. _>vy»n _ . _ Mr. Wran« returns te the «uminit of Mount Wellington this «norninf. Lowe of Ship Hotel, Collin« «treat, under offer by trader. John O'Hare, well-known preepectoraod miner ha« died in -waearton RecpltaJ. afortheru Defence Force church parade peetponed yesUrdey on accoaat el rough The committee's "at 4o_e" at th* Oon valMcent Home, Moonah, on Saturday waa ?¿fc^tbwded, jkSaeeded. r « \- the wo_tav»n employed to help Mr Wragge wtt» hi» uMtromenU to the top el M>Snt Wellington on Friday «howe* the wWb» feather. Meahenef Unite* «feather«'Tent, i.o.R.. are requested by ejfettbement to attend funeral of late Bro. Geo. Paton 1030 a m to-day. tilx hine jackets from H M S Penguin, will accompany Mr. Wragfetothe summit of Mount Wellington this morning to render »sslstanco. Silver quotation, SO 1M6*. Tbe Duke of Hamilton is dead. Arthur Orton in hi* confession« admit« to having resided te Hobart ' Inclement «Mather prevailing in England. Snowfall-fin Kent Frnlt crops «offering. , ;Ma-tom Oh-esefreeff« te 8henghai loot (.«the etty. fire In Ht-rmeadsqy. ' .Robe! li'ng p'ocl limed In FnrnuX". London wool saioi ititi linn, and keen competition. P. &, O. Co. pay 5 per cant and 7 per cent, dividends. ¡Semaphore(Adelaide), reports Arcadia,s.S., from London, arrisod at 1 p m. yesterday. Michael Davitt warmly welcomed in Mel- bourne on Saturday. , Intercolonial eight-oared race won by Vic- toria. China objects to European control of her Customs as security for loan. Russian town destroyed by firo. Thirty lives lost. Newfoundland likely to become a Crown colony. Count Goluehowski appointed Austrian Minister of Foreign Affairs. ltu»sia dofending Vladivostockharbour with torpedoes. Uenowcd interest in the Tichborne case. 1'he " Claimant " confesses that he i« really Arthur Orton. The Sewell procoss of preserving and pack- ing butter for exportation is proving a «ucceu. European Powers object to American pro- posals to advance Chinese indemnity money in return for railway concessions Archdeacon Piddington prospering in his minston on behalf of the proposed Grafton and Armidale See. Shakespeare tells us that the world is still deceived with ornament, mid instances the plea seasoned with a gracious voice which obscures the show of evil. The allegation must be admitted, for the evidence of it is too common and too strong to be denied, but it includes only a very small port of the deception that goes on in the world. We are, told, also, that the pleasure is as great of being cheated as to cheat, but the fact has been overlooked that the greatest, the keenest, the longest pleasure that men enjoy is when they cheat themselves. The times afford Ample warrant for this statement, strange and sweep- ing as it may appear to the un- observant, for there never was a period in the history of the race when self-deception flourished as it flourishes at the present day. There have been times when the world-or rather what used to be called the world-has been fanatic, when it took to crusades, to flagellations, to witch-burning, to revolutions and other amusements, into which nil were drawn as into an irresistible vortex. Communities, too, have been afflicted in various ways in an altogether sur- prising fashion, so surprising that when the paroxysm passed off they used to ask " did we do all these things?" For these emotional nts, these fits of fury, these periods of universal suspicion and distrust no explanation has been given, beyond the general one, that there lb a mysterious sympathy between men which inclines them to vibrate in hairnony with each other, just as clocks hung up in one room I tend to become accordant. None ot the old examples quite apply to these days, since the peoples now we mean, of course, the Western peoples-are not moved by any com- mon 'outward impulse, are led by no deep,,religious conviction, nor can they be said to be in a frantic state of fear of the exercise of occult powers by malignant beings in alliance with the spirits of darkness. They have ceased to believe and jet they are credulous. They are sceptical and yet have faith in things without evidence, and are ready to adopt wild conclusions without warrant. They reason, or they think that they reason, and the more they reason the less they understand. This at first sight appears to be a paradox, but it is not so, because when we in- quire into the sort of thing that passes for reasoning we at once get to the key to the position. And, we at once dis- cover that man has developed in many ways except that of logic. All sides of his nature have grown except the reason- ing side, which, to a very great extent, remains where it was a thousand years ago. We may go further, and we may say that there has been a plain retro- gression of late years, so that the ordinary man of to-day does not, on the whole, reason as well as his» grand- father used to do. This is not because he is less keen or less well infoimed, but because he has acquired a habit of doubt, which has led him to distrust I where his forefather was confident, and to discover evidence in what his forefather at once concluded to be nonsense. The sign of this is the new desire for the rehabilitation of things, which is the craze of the day. We may leave aside those who think that they can rehabilitate silver, for there never was and never will be any cure for financial jugglers and currency cranks. These always have been and always will be with us. The disease has penetrated very much deeper than their symptoms serve to show, for it may be said to have reached the very roots of society, and pervaded the small transactions of every day life So we have proposals to rehabilitate ghosts, fairies, brownies, signs of luck and ill-luck.fortune-tellers.omens of dil sorts, whilst we are gravely íequired to accept as true accounts of "low down " spirits who occupy their spare time in throwing stones, smashing dishes, or hammering on the floor. We have pleas for superstitious, pub- lished by grave journals, whilst there are no end of the wonders ascribed to telepathy and spirits, called up by mediums whose very conditions suffice ' to show that the thing is a fraud. The believers «rill tell us, as they do with much damnable iteration, that there it a great deal of evidence for all these things, and that the wise are bound to believe when the evidence is forthcoming. * And, so say all of us." But is the evidence forthcoming ? ' Is there any teal evidenoe at all ? Most people know, even when they are not aware that they do know, that something can be said ia favour of everything, and a great, deal in favour of most things. If we persist in looking at only one series of facts, we can prove, any pro- position. The most corrupt plea seasoned with a gracious voice can be made to pass for troth. There is nothing toe absurd to be maintained. "Heyaiddlediddle" has been shown to have a deaf religion? signification, wfajfct tae'ravifjgs of majunea bave been rnade Jo Mai for' the responses of 'praries. Ac EMsnsoîfhas said; when à child tells us that he has seen a horse in the sky we must not be- lieve that he has seen nothing, though we know that he has not seen what he supposes. ,The initial - diffi- culty with most peráous is to see what is, not that which is not. In short, one-half or more of our teaching is intended to make us see things as; they are, to understand statements they are raeant.and to avoid the fallacy of mixing1 up our ¿wn preconceptions with the thin^ that we wish to-under- j ataúd. The ewential cbamotertstje «t-~ the man of genius is, that Le sees tilings as they are, the ordinary man sees them always as they are not. Thus the poet causes the world to sym- pathise with hopes and fears it heeded not. When the ancie'nts went to Dixos for their oracles they were not fools, for the Pythoness told them much that was true and much more that had wisdom in it. The oracles are now dumb, because we have come to see that they were mostly false, in spite of their undoubtedly valuable advice But, meu have of late ceased to apply the reasoning all round, and are prepared to grant to rapping tables and cunning mediums what they refuse to grant to the old inspired priests of Apollo. In the one case they reason, iu the other they decline to do so. They have cetised to look all round a question. They argue that as somethiug is to bo said for a thing then it must be true, whereas its truth can only be estab lislicd by seeing all that can bo said against it as well. When a child de- clares that it has seen fairies there is no answer to be made, except that we know that the same child has said that it has seen many other things that wo know to be false. The people in Clonmel who recently burned a woman for a witch acted on what they thought was evidence.but nobody believes them, and they are in prison for their credu- ' lity and barbarity. But, if we are going to revive superstition, on the ground that there is something to bo said for it, then we must revive all that follows in its traiu, and witch finding may again become a trade, whilst every ugly old woman will live in danger of being burned for " over- looking " her neighbour's cattle. Such things cause a thrill of wonder and horror in these days, even in the breasts of the wry persons who are rehabilitating the superstitions that lead logically and naturally to them, for if the initial belief is true all must follow. What is urgently re- quired is a rehabilitation of the faculty or reason, which was never so .weak and so bewildered as it is at the present time, from which result alike out* political, social and superstitious crazes. , The Tichborne claimant will still' find many people in the world who will prefer, to believe in his identity with the Hampshire baronet, and who will be able to produce from the records of the great Old Bailey trials themselves plenty of evidence to disprove what he now asserts to bo the whole truth about the matter. The great fat man was too thorough in his roguery to bo able to blip so eubily into the paths of recti- tude in hib old ago, and the most ardent of his followers will absuredly date his moral decadence from the moment when, as a matter of fact, he took his first step in an up- ward direction. Even a good many of those who never believed for a moment that he was anybody else but one of the Ortonb, Arthur Orton it may be, would far rather have had him go down to his grave with what little mystery was left still about him, to be quoted henceforth as one of the undiscovered myths of 'the world, like Juniub, tlic Man with the Iroa Mask, and other*, puezlos. The gilmour has, iiowuver, long departed from the poor claimant's life. The days when he reveled in unlimited brandy and big cigars at his Loudon hotel, provided oy his many admirers, were boon over, and not even the mern bera of the Bench and Bar, who built up such reputations on his elaborate pretensions, will be expected to come to his rescue, when he thus shows what easy work they might have mode of his 'nosings if they had only adopted the right mode of procedure, instead of wasting days and weeks in formidable examinations and cross-examinations and sumniings up, which would not be tolerated in a Court of Law at the present day. The book he is to write mubt undoubtedly be a day after the fair. There ha\ e been too many ex- planations already of the Tichborne taree, and the chances are the truth, if it is told, will, after all, be very much less entertaining and sound a good deal less strange than much of the fiction. The world is after the now woman now ; not the old man. There is a host of meaning in the an- nouncement that the difficulties and dangers which beset the small detach- ment of British troops on their way to Chitral are being renewed on the return journey, the turbulence of the tribes in what is known as the Swat Country being undoubted, and a dis- j tinct menace to the peaceable occupa- tion of the locality. The news, too, will thiow ¡some light on the manner in winch men like Dr. Robeitson, in charge of these outposts, go about from day to day, literally cart ymg their lives in their hands, ana dependent for their safety upon constant vigilance to see that the enemy gains no loophole Mieuce lie may get and keep the upper hand. E\en the ex-Khan of Dir, of v. ho->e help to British ariin, so much has recently been said, seems' to have been actuated more by desire to retengo hîm,rlf on Um ru Khan, than fiom any ptedilection for Britibh rule, while Utuki hiuibelf has treated the whole nlfair like some wayward _ fachoolboy, » ho has induced a lot of his mates to join hiui, say, in breaking out of bounds, but when the time comes for leckotiitig up 'the offence disclaims all responsibility for the mischief that has been the result of their law- lessness. The position of the Indian Government is a most trying one, and it has no easy task to reconcile so many contending interests outside its own little vat knees with the natives. With so much likely material being ready to his hand, reckless of an outburst at any hour, an incendiary like Unira can With very little difficulty stir up a feud like that which has so nearly proved fatal to the little garrison at Uintral. Urara's punishinont is yet to oohie.'but it will probably be none the 'leas severe because it has been charac- terised by the -caution which marks all such proceedings at the hands of tbe Brjtiob Government in India. , One of the leading Coffee Palace Com- panies in Melbourne has just published its annual balance-sheet, showing that on; au aggregate income of £18,995 arising from the year's transactions, a, profit of £53 has resulted. Over this small crumb of comfort the directors congratulate the shareholdnrs. It marks, in their opinion, the turn of »the tide. Though ait idends - are ' among things unattainable, there is at least a gleam of hope that further calls muy be avoided. Among the chief items of ex- penditure theie figures the sum of £2,975, interest on £70,000 mortgage, oneof the customary millstones which keep the lucklesb shareholders^ in Coffee Palaces and kindred institutions ever struggling in a Sloueh of Despond. As an experiment m commercial veutuies Coffee Palaces rank among the failuies of the day. Originated1 within the last ten years or so, timid high hopes of' abundant dividends, on the part of ordiiwy speculators, fand with higher aims on the part ,of ,syci'al rcfbr-nw'rs.wboj ¿aw in'thcinitiation'of *u* saevwdent a - mighty leverage to shako ordinary hotels and liquor shops | to their foundations, these caravan j series have not" fulfilled expectations. The public have reaped all the ad- vantage, _ while the shareholders have seen their invested capital, slowly in some instances, and m others with rapid strides, vanishing in the mists of the irrecoverable. This has arisen from a miscalculation of .financial forces. There are cortain lines of business which cannot bo run with success on less than a certain percentage of profits. An ordinary tradesman may so cub and contrive his coat according to his cloth that even with the merest fractional excess of receipts over expenditure he may keep out of the clutches of the money-lender, but not so with a coffee palace. Like a ship it must bo manned, provisioned, equipped, and maintained at a certain standard, and, to pursue the simile, must carry a very largo pro- portion of first-class cargo. Mere ballast or dunnage keeps no ship going, and, in similar effect, the housing and feeding of boarders and chanco travellers leaves little margin for meet- ing bank overdrafts. Coffee Palace directors have awakened to this, and in most instances aro using al) possible speed to obtain hotel licenses. At present establishments not thus trans- formed are merely profitable feeders to tho nearest houses licensed to sell wines, spirits, and malt liquors. They take the responsibility of heavy cargoes at ' minimum freights, while the others, flying light, carry all the fine stuff It may be safely said that at tho present day any company proposing to estab- lish a Coffee Palace on borrowed money would get very scant accommodation from their bankers. It is a matter for regret that well-intentioned efforts and lavish expenditure have not ineb with the success deserved, but the coffee palace movement illustrates the fact that sentimont and gain need never be spoken of in the same breath. The Government and thk V.D.L. Bask. -Oue of the bank trustee« (Mr. Fitzgerald) expresses surprise at the way in which the transaction« between the Government and the bank have been divulged, and, as he aver«, misrepresented. He promises to write u comprehensive letter on the subject fur the information of tho public, but in the meantime it may be stated that further information from official source« confirms what has been published on the point, and that, farther, the writ ha« been served with the understanding that payment of the whole amount of £80,000 will not bo pressed for-the principal as well as the interest-if the sum due for interest is admitted by the trustee«, and is restored to the position it ¿coupled in the first ioatanco in the books of the bank under the arrangement come to with Mr. Bird.- unless this is agreed to the Government will have to proceed to proteot the interest« of the colony by ' every means in their power. Public Works.-The following tender« have been accepted :-Road, Dee-road through selection« to Crown land«, contract 0, H. O.Jaokson, £18 4s.; Road, St. Mary'« to Hioanini Point, contraot 4, Leckie, Leckie, & Leckie, £205 : culvert »t Woods- dale, near Wagner'«, VV. Palmer, £7 10s.; road, Blackfish Creek-road, contract 1, A. 1 Sampson, £88 3s. 8d. ¡ . CrrY.PocioK Court.- Before Mr. B. Shaw' P.M., and Mr. W. F. Brownell, on Satur- day morning. Janies Morrisey was fined Sa. for being oruuk and disorderly. Cecil Smith was sent to gaol for a month for stealing part of a him valued at 2s. The evidence into a restaurant in Klizibeth-atreet about 1 o'clock in the morning of Saturday, and I while the proprietor's bauk was turned Btolo tho meat, which was mlased immediately afterwards and found in his poaicusion. BENEVOLENT SOCIETY.—Rev. J. W. Sim- mons (chairman), Messrs. J. Baily, T. A. Reynolds, and G. S. Seabrook, the sub- committee appointed to consider the letting of the Benevolent Society's cottages, met on Saturday, and deliberated in committee. A report was brought up, which it was decided to present to the meeting of the Executive Committee to be held on Thursday next. The Chairman brought under the notice of the Society the Pilrig model build- ing scheme. In 1860 44 houses were built in Glasgow at a totol cost of about £4,000, being an average of £92 to each house. The annual rental of the whole was £303 19s., of which a dividend of 5 per cent. less income tax absorbed £196 16s. 6d. ; for duty, fire insurance, rates, taxes, management, etc., £76 9s. 5d. ; leaving £30 13s. 1d. for extra outlay and a sinking fund. The rents were paid quarterly in advance with the greatest regularity, the total loss by non- payment of rent for the first 12 years being only £5. Mr. Hemieiit-Jones at the Town.Hall. -A large and fashionable audience may be expeated to night 'at Mr. Herbert-Jones' dioramic lecture on "New Zealand, the World's Wunderland," and a rare treat is anticipated. Tho lecturer ho« an established leputation, and his subject is one of sur rusting interest, while the pioturus he uses to illustrate it ai o selected from an unique collection of over 2,000, An important fact io connection with Mr. Herbert-J ones' lectures on our neighbouring colony, is that he gave them to the Now Zealsndtrs them- selves, and that immense audiences as- sembled to hear tbein in the chiet centrts. In Auckland, for instance, the largest building of the city was crowded, and every seat in tho dress cirole and btulls was booked beforehand. Five lecture« wore giver. His Excellency the Governor pre- sided at the opening one, and Lord Glasgow, with many other public men, and the leading New Zeulaud Journals dil speuk in the highest terms of them, Hon. Henry Dobson, M.H.A., will prtsldo this evening, and the scenic display will be in the hands of Mr. Nat Oldham. Metropolitan Horn*- This well known knd popular Murray-street hotel has under- gone a chinge in mananeme&t;, and is now leased hy Mr. Geo E. Hope, whose desire is to retain the establishment in the front rank of Australian residential hotels. Mr. Hope is essentially the right man in the right place, and under his judicious control I the Metropolitan should become an ad kuowledged centra of hotel oumfort and con- venience, Auction Sales at the Exhibition. The' beginning of the end hi the exhibition is daily becoming more apparent. Many exhibitor« huvu begun paoking up their various wares, and soon those stalls which have been a souroe of delight to thousands will present nothing to the gaze but ture borrie und a grund riiapluy of Tasmanian hurduxiod. Other exhibitors are culling in ,the services of the auctioneers, hoping bj meuns of their porsuaslve c1 quenue to in duce visitors to transfert» their own home« a few of those things of beauty and u»eruluops whioh they have beeu admifing so much during the last six month«. Amone the latter exhibitor« are Mesar«. Whiteside« & Son, who are offering to the pulilio this afternoon, through Mesar«. Burn Se Soo, the whole of their magnificent exhibit of high-else« furniture for library, d'awiog, dining, bedroom, and office. This display has boen a leading feature in the great show, winning the unqualified appro- bation of all visitors, and carrying off the jurors' gold medal award. It h»a been quite a revelation to Tasmanian« that such un exhibit was possible from a Hobart house, and judging from a few word« heard full from two «trangers * few day«' ago, it would seer» that opinion wa« not merely local. " A doe display," «aid one. " Yes, very fin« indeed, it'« from Sydney," replied his friend ; and if it were not for the patriotio amor patria of a well-known oitiz-n, who happened to overhear . them, and at once told them they oould find the exhibitor'« buioess establishment in Liverpool-street, these «trangers, no doubt, would have left our «hore« under the Impression that for firat-olass work in this line of business it wa« neoesiary to go to the lime oitie»,of. the continent. The «ale will begin at 3 o'clock .har«, when there «rill, no donbt, be a Urge audience and eager competition. The «ame auctioneer« will also «nbinit the classic, statuary exhibit of ve»ar«. Pellegrini * Co,' on Wednesday afternoon, when lover« of the beautif ii will have a chance' of securing a memento of our great Exhibition, which will be " a thing of beauly and a joy for ever." Sassafras up to Date, "An agreeable ns well ns an efllciont Tonic."--Wo have just re- ceived the following important toxttmony from ft gcntlcmnn uoldlnga leading position in ono of tho largest commercial concern« In Hobart : "I have tried your Sassafras Tonic several time«, mid hnvo also given It to my friends, who all ngrco with me that it inn ko* ii most agreeable oh well a» efficient tonic. I can strongly recommend it to all." This Wonderful Tonic not only increases tho appollUi but It excites into healthy action both tho nerves and the muscles by means of which the digestion of I the food taken is assisted and Its perfect assimi- lation promoted. Besides this tho activity In the flow of thu various secretions is developed, strongth, vigour, and courogo return, and Ufo r becomes n pleasure. Sassafras Tonta and Baasa frits Tonto Liver Pius are prepared by the I Manager of the .Tasmanian Kicalrptus OU iCèmnnnr LimlM-dtof Rnbart «ort I/»wdoii. and, II. T. UoukI« Co., 78, «¡lUa'.eth-itrcet, Hobart, «reU>«»»«ulaiatienta, - UstoN S.S. Co.-The book« of this com puny will be closed against tho transfer of share« from tn-duy to 25th inst. Unclaimed Teleouajih.-Messages ad dres ed R, R. Meredith. Metropolit au Hotel, await a claimant at Telegraph Office. Ihkatri; Royal. -The Alabama Minstri) aud Specialty Company give preliminary aunouueament that they will make their first appearance at tho Theatre Royal on Queen'» Birthday night (Friday), "The'Hock in the Fairwav."-To- morrow night at 8 o'clock, in the Tcmpor ance- hall, the Rev. 1). O'Donnoll, vice chairman and honorary lecturer of tho Victorian Alliance, »ill lectuio on the '? Kock in the Fairway." Tho Premier (Sir Edward Braddon) is announced to pre- side. unJadmisiii n tvill be free. Ovktki» Cove C.U. Bau»-A plain and funny dress ball m connection with tho Oyator Cove Cricket Club is to ho niven in the Solby-hall on 23rd inst. Tiukots obtainable from Messrs. E. J. PMlp, W. T. Grubb, and C. MuAllen, Hobart. Mr. Michael Davitt.-A movement is on foot among sympathisera with the princi- ples held by Mr. Michael Davitt to arrange tor a hourly reception being accorded him «?lieu he visits this city. A public meeting will be held as soon as tho date of Mr. Davitt'* coming is ascertained. Meantime preliminaries are being arranged by a num- ber of his compatriots in Hobart. A Family of Thirty-one.-a resident of Euroa, Victoria, has recently been pre- sented by his wife with their 3Lt child. It is stated* that all the offspring of this couple are living. Fowl Stealing.-Mr. W. T. Strutt, Macquurie-atreot, had hi» hen-bouae depleted Borne time -on Friday night or Saturday morning. When the family retired to rest the birds were all there, bat chanticleer fulling to proclaim the dawn aroused sus- picions, and then it waa found that four hen« and a cook were missing. Robberies of this oaturo are becoming rather frequent of lato. Who aro the reueivoiB ? Rating of the Tram Lines.-The .droits «tates that the recommendations adopted hy tho municipal conference relativo to tram- way rating were brought up in the Prahran C uneil on the' 13th inst. by Councillor Maddock. The whole of the clauses were adopted, the Council agreeing to pay its «hare of the proposed expenditure of £750 to «end a representative home to lay the oaae on behalf of the suburban municipalities before tho Privy Council. Councillor Maddock stated that so far as the Molbourne body wsb concerned, the Tram- way Co. had agreed to pay the exponaos of the appeal, whether they won or lost it. He also mentioned that if the Towu Clerk of Melbourne could be spared he would be the proper person to send home to represent the municipalities, as he had a thorough grasp of the iotricaoies of the question. Coun- cillor Forbes thought that if circumstances should urine to prevent the Melbourne Town Clerk going to England the Town Clerk of Prahrau should be selected. An amendment moved by Councillor Skinqer that the Council should nat bind -itself to any expense waa lost by «even vote« to twp. Interesting to Ladies.-Mr. J. T. Soundy, draper, Klixabeth-streut, has re» ceived by s.s. Kimutaka a case containing l18 ladies' jackets. These were not ordered, but being offered to his London buyer at very tempting prices they could not 'well be refused. The season is late for such a big parcel. The jackets have, therefore, boen marked accordingly. A comfortable (¡arment ia now brought within reach of tho most limited purse. Ladies should inspect them at I once. Spectacles.-T. R. Procter, Oculist Optician, of Melbourne, it again visiting Hobart for a few weeks only. Spectacle« pioperly adjusted and »penrally ground. 88, Liverpool-street, at Baily'«, Photographer. 