NEWS ATO N0TB8. H.M S. Orlando will be open to visitors on Sunday afternoon. In another column will be found a review of tbe waigfats in the Perth Cup, by our sporting contributor "Flesh*." The orim'nal eesaiots of the Sapremo Court will be commenced on tho 16th December next. The maila f. r the United Kingdom whioh left Perth on October 25 oh reached London on the night of Siturdsy 23rd inat. Tits Major of Kalgoorlie, Mr. John Wilson, has been created a justice of the peace for the district of Easl Coolgardie. The Rev. G. E. Rowe Mt yesterday o-* an offioial vist to Albany lo oandsct oh o roh anniversary services. Mr. fiore wil return on Wednesday morning. The mail for the Eastern calonies whioh was to have been made up this afternoon for transmission by the s.s. Bomnyong will olose if stead at li o'clcck on Monday morning. Rear Admiral Beidge will ba accorded sn official reoepticn by the Mayor and corpora- tion of Fremantle at ,tho Town Hall on Tuesday morning. The Bteam dredg- Fremantle baa commenced operations at the Fremmtio p'er where the depesifc of tilt and rubbish from vessels has necessitated a deepening cf tha berthags spaop. The s.a. Bulimba, whioh arrived at Albany on Thursday from the Eaatern coloaies, had a passenger Hat of 483 persons This is alm-st the largest, if not tha lir;est, number ofpissengera brought to this co'ony by any single steamer. Me. W. Nicholson, who has hean absent from the c ilony for six month?, returns to Perth by n--xt mail steamer from London. H« has been appointed manager of the City Exploratian Company, Limited. A good programme has been arranged for the concert to be given in tte Sailors' Rost, Fremantle, this evening, and several leading amateur vocalista, including Mr. Iniray end Mr. Stanley Evans, have volunteered their servioea to make the entertainment a success. The Misses Burges will bold a Bale of work and cakes at Carleton House on Wednesday, the 4th D o?mber, from half.past 3 till 8 o'clock, in aid of a mission-room fcr St. Bartholomew'?. All who take an ioforest in chu oh work ate invited to attend the sale. The Rev. T. Bird will conduct the Town Hall services to-morrow. In the morning the rev. gontlemau will praach from " The strength of weakness," and at n;gbt on tho subjjcf'Man-what is he?" Evening ser- via at 7.30. His Excellency the Naval Comtaander-in Chiefof tbe Australian Naval S'ation, Rear Admi al Cypr.an A. P. Bridge, will-be offiaially received at noon to-day by Mr. A. Forrea»-, M LA., Major of Perth. Tho teoff) tion will tako placo in the Town Hall, tho Mayor being Euop*r ed by the coun- cillors and a numb.r of fha cit:zens. In an ther column th.a list of to-morrow'a services at the Cathedral will bo found. The Bishop prcacr ea in tho evening, when he will begin a special coarse of sermons to be con tinned on the Sunday evenings during Advent. In the morning at 11.15 the Bishop will preach at Claremont, and at 5 o'clock Even- song at St. Albans, Highgate. A violent sea yesterday afrernoon prevented Hia Excellency tho Administrator from pay- ing his official visit to H.M S Orlando. Che tick of sea sickness, ho ivcver, waa braved hy- the Mayors of Porth and Fremantle, Measrs. A. Forroat and G. A. Diù:b, respectively, the Right Rav. Bishop Riley, and Mr. A. R. Richardson, tko Commissioner for Crown Lands, whe went off in the Cygnet, and spent an hour or two on baa d. The hearing of the case of Connor v Gcrlofifi for £500 damages for trespass, waa brought ta a conclusion yesterday, and now nothing remaiua but the judgment, which will be de- livered by the Chief Justice th:s morning. Yesterday the who'e of the morning was occupied in the concluding evidence of the defendant and the evidence of Mr. Crowder, M.L O, ana Mr. G. R. Johnson, architect, together with the addresses of counsel. The mil ta.-y and naval ball to be held at Fremantle in honou- of His Esc 'Heney Rear Admiral Bringo, and tto efficers of EL M.S. Orlando, 13 annonnoid to take place at the n w drill hall on Tuesday eveairg nix*. The arrongemants in c mnection w th the ball are in the hands of Mis. J. W. Hope and a strong committee of ¡adie*, who a-e working hard in the short linn available to meka the affair a thorough Eucoats On the following evening a children'«) fancy d ess ball will be brid. 1 At tire r qu*st cf many cf those desirous of attending his next cancert, Hi rr Franoik has decid d to po3tporo it till a l'.tar date, owing to tba ball to bo given in hononr of His Exoellanoy Rear Admiral Cyprian Bridge and thB officers of H.M.S. Orlando taking place at Fremant'e on Tuesday e>vening, which was also the data originally fixod for the concert. The r.ew data of the-c-anoait will ba n-tifiad ahirtly. Holders of tioketa can return them, receiving their money baek, or can book for tbe next concert. The Social to be he'd in the Temperance League Hell on Monday evening in cannec rion with tbe anniveraary of St. Albans branch of tho Charon of England Temperance Society promises ta be a gre it buccss. Mr. P. E Daiiea has undertaken the mauagemont o' tha programme, and Bifhop Riley will de- liver an address. Th«* -f jllowing ladies and g-ntlemen will also t-ko part:-Mrs. Ben porath, Mra. Ca-aticau, MUs Elgeoambe, Meesra. W. A Orchard, A. A. Latch, E. N. McCnlkcb, W. R. Hand-, W. E. Gil'ett, E. H. Or* h rd, and the Rev. F. J. Prise. A tel* gram received y-^terday by the Under Seer t ry of Minea from tho Warden of Elasfc Muic'.n'sa-i, da.'ed the 21 h n-t, sfa'e-:- "A a ve e tbu'idertt-rm which occurred h ort last night, aaad h^avy rain end thnrWerito.-ms to- day, bare caused tho ere k to mr. This chime in tha walker appeara to rrark the break up cf the dronoht. and has probally led to water being avjilablo on the hitherto dry ttagrs between 1 ern and Cue and Lake Da-'ô*. Good reports »re coming to hand from ill parts cf the fi Id. The reefs are looki-ir, well. Great credit ia due to the miners for working und r difficulties, taking wst»r in home cases for 20 miles. The Great Eastern Company is prora-ing for the erec- tion of a battery and of a store building. The health of tho field is excellent." The arni*ersacy «rfic-ca of the Trinity Cangregatianal Church will be held' to '; -iBoirow (Sunday), ud will bo oonoiimea'on J w "TliúrBdiy, December 5tb. The Bev.©. Boss, / ¿-M.AV will condnot the morning servioe 'cn " Sunday »til o'cloik, and the Rev. WilRamü?. Blench «ill preach in- the evening at 7T 30 V^o'clock -The Bnbj'ot of "the «vening -sermon 'C'wiU 1»¿"Tbo Woman cf Samaria; or, ;JB^îritùalReliBion.'' At tbe rooming ter-!. ClvióévJír. McQueen will Bing Pioeotomini'-si vi". Ore, -Pr > Nubis," and at night lira. Neave ' ¿jwiU'renaer'. rt.« Holy C ty." 'Qa Tbursty,' ,v'jtféoem'Vtr 5**,' a t- a and public meeting »i'l ; be ' held. T»?o - *< » i» the leoVure %a:l will r begins* 7 j£m, ai:d will he lo)lewed by a publio¿ft^RÚg»n th1» olurcb. -IThh "cVaafemiapinaîliip tour;, amen t -waa ? oontinued y s erda'y." Mr. Pur>augtoù'a ad jonrned game vii bllriE.^. Hill resulted in ;i-;.Sk win for Mr Hill. The laafr. and deoieive game, botween Mr. Berry and Mr¿ S3 N. Hill, > was O'mmenoed and adjourned until to-day. If Mr. Hill sioqeeda ia winning tb'e panie, he .;;^»ili ¿leo win the tournament bySia-f-a point; Should ha lose it, Mr. Siebenhaar will win by .>.îûilf-"'a:p-jiatîi;.8,iould. it be drawn,ithsn Mc Siébenhiar and Mr. Hill will bo e°en. 'On ita ¡Stue alao depsnds Mr. Berry's chance for ;'tbë thld prieeffor wlioh Mr. B. 41. Hill and ¡ : Mr. Ashwell, who diew thiir last game, bie candidates. .'Tte final nport will appear on -Monday. ^Qsra-d after tho 2nd DïCimber.tlia follow-' .;ing altérations will he made in the ruilnav :; .tíma-t »ble. f or~ 1h 1 South. Wests ni ¡K iii way "/and^branchrs:-New mirad trains will leave "'?".Pinjarrah.fur Penh at 10 p m. on Saturdays _ - and Pt rlh for Pinj irrth at 3 a.m. on Mondoya. .The Wednesday'a train from Bunbury wihlbe i altered to'leave'P.nj-wrah at 1.5 p.m., and ?¡; raa'oh Perth at 5.25 p.m.- The Thursday's .,tr»in fr«;m Bunbury will leave Pinjarrah at ;;i"p.m. and arrive at Perth at'4 p.m. Fiiiay's ."train from Bai.bory will lea\e stations Pioton 1\. Janet on to Drakesbrook Gve miDutfs earlier than uuder the present table. On \heDonny ..brook atd Bu -.¿elton, branches various trains ??"have bien â'teied to leave Bunbnry five minn KB earlier than has been the. oat« vhithoito.; :;.:.., f;Thei;maiu question who'i conns-l for tha .Cdefenoe ' have placel before the Chief Justice :_ iin'thet'oaae of-;:Connor ». Qarlrffia as to the '/genuine nesa of the eignatuie to a eirtain ...memorandum written upon, tracing paper. The imputation by the plaintiff is that the :?vsfgnatU'e"i8 a forgery and tbiittiie traoiog' paper waa uaed to facilitate tie perpetration .-; "of- {the "fraud. .One arohiteot was caled fir -?':the plaintiff toehow that ifrwaB unu>nal lo " i use" t acing paper for,original contract draw- ay; inga. The defenoi went one b. t'e.r and called -two arohite-ite, who stated that tracing paper \- waa not au nnusual tubatanoe to te uted for .ivórignai.plans. The sacond. witness on this ¡,;poirit was Mr: Q-. B. Johcacn, who was croea. examined by Mr. Haynes. "Do you see > h it '; signaturef" questioned counsel "Surely Mr. ''?,': Haynes," said His Honour, "Are you goiig to -examme Mr. Johnson as an ixpait in band. -Writing ?" " Was that sign.tute bíotted?" j-purrU'd Mr.'Hsynes to*th? witr.es?. "I don't, know," rep led Mr¿ JvhnBon with a genial Bmiie,"! was not there." Whcreat'the Couit . laughed in öhoru?.' ..-'.'. The Great Hibernicon Comedy Company opened in the Town Hall last night to a good attendance. The whole time the audience was:babbling over with laughter, and several exchanges, took plaoe between actor and spectator. The following is a sample of the dialogue :-Voice in the gallery "Speak up." Actor: " So is your old man." (Laughter) With such passages of wit, "Molly O'Connor" could not fail to be what the bills represented, "a farcîcal comedy." The scenery consisted of a number of very pretty pictures,.mostly of Irish scenes and Irish historical incidents, tbe synopses being as follows:-" Boston", "The Atlantic Ocean." "S.S. Britannia," "The Storm," "The Wreck," "The Arrival in Cook, Ire- land," "The Lakes of Kilseney," " The Giant's Causeway," "The Devil's Glen by Moonlight," "The Great Ghost Scene," &c.; Throughout the farce sevaral songs were rendered and heartily applauded. The re- mainder of the programme consisted of two amusing sketches, "Barney's Courtship" and "The Actor," together wiih a musical olio, in which Messrs. Paddy Myhill, Gardner, Lyn don, and Misses Gardner and Hope took part; The company wiil give their second entertainment in the Town Hall this evening. ..Yesterday, afternoon a concert waa hsld at vthe .Lunatio Asylum, Fremantle, before a '.larg« autieno» of.the inmates and a number .of visitors. The entertainment was giveu in ' thé/fine new ha'l in the new w.'ng jas!; 00m Vpleted, th;a bting the first. ccoa-ion on which i tie, new building has been nsod ifor,snob a purpoe. The programme, . wbioh' was evidently enjoyed keenly by"'the inmates, waa kindly coatributed iby Society, under the baton of Mr. C. L. Clifton .an.d'Mi'8 Clare EobihsSn and a dozen of ber talented pupils ia the Fremantle mnaic .and,; ohbrjil o'a«ses. Mre. C. L. Clif .ton ..â-'ao' ,contributed a son^. Dr. "¡Barnett,, superintendant of the asylum, ton.babalf..of -the inmates of the ii.s iiution, tceJtatned beatty tbanks to the K ties and gentlemen wb> supplied the items in the «ntrrtainment. Ha remarkeâ that there wes no section in the community to whom music waa more .helpful than those who were the audito-8 at th-i osnaert. He. hoped that ' euoh en .ertainments wculd ba more frequent now that tha asylum had the addition of bo fineahallSu which to hold them. After ib.V concert tha visitors and parfrrmers partook of TefreahmèntB at the invitttien of Dr. and i Mrs. Barnett-. '?-.'?'"'..''' ïfe;THE Ijocaí Ccurt was called upoo yesterday ;Vv¿tto decide, a oliim for damages in whioh Mr. S0 Í Whi'èi t' e.owner if a dog, wisthe defei d n^. S icThiatimal hid, it Bret el, attacked Mr. Vi;--;/;Öiaskin, the p!aint'fE, on the oooasion of a ï.v^ï'buflnesa oill at its. maeter'a re idenoe, and i&v;^'thê Court wa« asked to eay that ¿5 was not a S'i.i,?äispioportibnate solatium for a laoarated le^ ^/¿;?^:Siid.';--.d_Binagtä'.raimtBfc . Ths onmp'ainaLt : : ,: opeaed bis oaao by stating that Le had o ^..:í;;;'on.tbé ocoaBion roferrtd to in the oipioity.of /.Í';; ¿ani àty rate oolleotor. "Thitip, no d-ubt, li;"i^wby the dog bit you," remarked the Benah, V^<>;iJu> whom the evidence exbibitfd on ei.tiri.ly ?Í*;v?liiew explanation of the animal'« conduct. At fv5r\Ca vlattr stage a second ra'e-col'eitor was 5'Cíí-í- biilfld. He h d, be explained, previruîly íii'l'-'.vdelleife'd over the "beat" which ino uleithq ;i^';-;>hbus« wh'-re tl.e doir waB, but on this occasion SxÖ-he hal delegated the t*tk to bia coll agu?. |Ç'-"v^:"Ho knew tha tke dog was dangerous. 'Ab, ;y¿;A^that is the teison you sent your colleague M£ -'j≠," said thi Banth. Qu^atio^ed as to î'A^whether th : i j iry the plaintiff had austaino I '.^^Sryrok a bite cr a sorat-b, tbewitreas anawereil ?fíS-íthatJis it was d<-n» with teith he would a iii íívííi'it a bite^ a definition whioh no ore ventured iii? ¿to «ritioiac. In giving a verdict for £1 10a., ^;'ir with «oats, Mr. Cowan, P.M., eaid that too iVfr'.iaariy dogs of 1 his kin ! wtre k^pt in the city. 0¡'0^^S¿'azÍM places it waa iopoesibîe to tide cr fjf^ftärive wthont having a pack cf wo!vea i¡t ^SíSone'a'.roil', a b'ô'o of things which wa* liable '«Sj'^fàt any time to îesult in a seiious soidant. ROOT's beautiful cantata, "The Flower Queen,' was produced at the Fremantle Town Hall last evening before a fairly large audience. The cantata, which was given in aid of St. John's Church, was admirably rendered, and the efforts of the children who portrayed the different flowers of which the cast was composed met with hearty demon- strations of applause throughout the per- formance. The stage, with the aid of shrubs and evergreens, had been transformed into the emblance of a fairy doll, where, as the argument provided. the flowers were to meet, to choose their Queen. In this secluded, spot a person discontented with the world has come to seek retirement from its cares and disappointments. The flowers tell of love and duty;-and the recluse, learning that to fill well the station allotted by Providence is to be happy, resolves to return again to usefulness and continument among his fellow creatures. As the recluse, Mr. Bassett played his part admirably, his make-up and acting being all that could be desired. The queen of the flowers, the rose, found a graceful and charming representative in Miss Sewell Miss A. Davis (croons), Miss L. Clifton (dahlia), Miss Feltham, (violet), Miss McKay (sunflower), and Miss Waldeck .(lily), also undertook fheir parts in a very creditable manne . The various choruses, which were composed of 100 voices, were carried out with one or two exceptions most successfully, under the direction of Mrs. Harold Smith. The StpndardTime Act will probably cauto leas loiiurion ultimately by bringing:.'ob exactly two hi tars in front of Melbourne "and an hour betöre Adrlaideitime. iButatpiesent one can easily git lest in tha .maze of compútala n. -One geniai in .the Public ¡fervioe âealarôd that a paternal and bene fioont Government were-a-ldirg 16 mit/utea to -the lives of every one ef ma. When, how- ever, tha deparmental obarrver waa .qnes tiored, it appeased that instead of adding to life's perica the Act migUt possibly, * e enid, op'a-ate in the oppatite ciireo ion. Tha bunda .of tb.9 olo-*k wi 1 be pu*, onward at »midnight to-day, and wa will each ba a quarter ofi»n hiur older than wa wera tbe Sboond b-fore, reokesicg by P^nh time. "Would tJha dook h«vo to bp put forwards or back-?" the ?observer «as aiied. "¡It w11 hav<) to bo put en," v- at the reply, and contu-iiin becime woreo cot-foundrd. Howevtr, if th eo «iho wish tobe in ol.uroh jauctnally cn Sunday morning w 11 stay up late o^uinht c n Saturday and when tbe c'ock strikes the witchicg Lour, ad<-*rce th-- minuta hand to 16 minutes Dist 12, they will have tafc-n the neoaFsa-y prcoau iona, ao far as their timepieces are concerned. Of o<.nrse thty must accep* the r sk of over sleeping in the morning, because, beeid.-a bavirg remained Ung ont of bed tha night before, church service wi 1 bpg'"n atout a quarter < f an tour earlier, and churchgoers will therefore have 6ft en m.nutes 1-S3 in whioh to ptep&re; thrirScnday toilets. Thoaa who prefer not to tee the new day ia, may, pe-hipa, get ah ad of '*Old Time" ena act in accord nee tilth, the provioions of the nsw law by putting cn th-iir watches sixteen minutes when they lise first thing on SuLday Djom ng. . On Thutsday evening Mr. I. G. Molley entertained t' e members of his election committee at dinner at the Hotel Metropole. About 60 sat «down. In tha c inrsa i f the evening a nnmber of t asts weie duly br-noored. jVfr. 'J'. G. Mo'loy, r plying to the toast of bia bcaltb, said ha had been de- feated by tho o ginised oppositi n of the wi alt! y clasa^B At the dio'arafoa of tho poll in the 1 OA-n Hall, waen he had lcoked at he turgirg masáis vho ezpres-ed Buch hearty sympathy wi h bim, he had said thit ho f It prcuJec at his defeat wuh the cm f cijusi osa of having tau b.st maj. r ty of 1hc electo s with htm than he would have done hid he ben re uri ed victorious by the wea'thy classes w th their three or four votaa. He repoa.t-»i that spntimen*. then, and could cn'y regte* that tha small votéis had negleoted ti eir epportuni iea of sucoaes fnlly defeatug their wealthier opponents. Ovtr 600 singlo votcrB bad negleoted to come to the poll and Let ce bia defeat. The singlo and double vate s bad 'ha p wir ettirely in their hands, and had th y on'y maila J themselves of their opportunity he would h .ve been returned by a largo majaiity. (Cbears ) By a cunning devise ii h^d been suggested by tis opponeLta that be was abaoktaly sure of being returned, and unfortunately many of his supporters had been persuaded ti at there was no r e ea^ity for them to trouble about iecording their vote?. He had not beea ¡n tha position to lavish money in bribing a cattlin c'aaa of the citizen?, but he tieatad with the u'most con- tempt the support of th'Sa who conld be bough*, by money, and he never wished to be e'eoied by such pcopK (Chees.) He conld not help being impretssd witb the enthutia Btio manner in which they Lad reoeivcl bim, and te assured them tla-t be appreciated their Bnrvioes j aft as mnc*i aa if their effoita had been successful. 