fiction. A RETURN TO NATURE. HOW A SIOUX MINISTER OBEYED THE SPIRIT OF HIS FATHERS. " Rsv. Augustine St. Gregory, Miss Helen Maoklntoah. Married " " Tear up tho wedding-cards!" interrupted Pris Armstrong. " It was Infatuation — fanaticism. How could a Boston girl, brought up with ovory advantage of cducntion and assoolation, marry a full-blooded Sioux 1 I went to tho wedding under protest; as Heln's nearest friend, I sat there under protest; and it required all my solf-coutrol to refrain from ehrioking aloud at tho words: 'If any man can show just cause why they should not lawfully bo joined together' " " You talk as though ho hnd just arrived from the plalnB, in wampum and war-paint," returned Annio Ohosloy, indignantly. "I mot blm at Mrs. Ootring's reaeption, and thought him perfeotly fascinating. Ho has tho loveliest manners — Bogontloandsubdued, aud, with his soulfaae dark eyes and molanoholy faoo, he reminded mo of Edwin Booth lo 'The Iron Ghost.' Suoh an Interesting history as he has, too. Ho lost his father at the battle of tho Little Big Horn, and after tho flight of Sitting Bull and his men into Canada, tho poor little fellow was found by a missionary and sent to Hampton. Later, by means of an old lady's bequest, ho was oducatod for tho ministry, preparatory to going as missionary to his own pooplo. If you had hoard him speak, tho last Sunday in Advent, whon tho eollootlon is taken for tho Domostto Mission, you would realizo what religion has done in transforming a savage Into a Christian gontloman and clergyman." " Helen was taught from babyhood to savo hor pennies for tho Domestic) Mission," said Pris, slowly. " In Lent, her ohlldish sacrifices wore for the benefit of eomo Indian sohool. Hor oast-off toys wero sent to Hampton ; her Sunday-school class supported an Indian there. Later, she attended all the meetings for the benofit of tho Indians, had been an aotivo member at tho Dakota Lcaguo, and devoted all hor charitable energies— and a Boston girl must have eomo outlet for philanthropy, as imperatively as for her love of muelo, books, ana art— to eollcoting funds and packing barrels of olothlng for the Indians. As she stood by tho alter, it scorned tho culmination of a life-long fad— an earnest and religious one, if you will, but still merely a fad— In which love bore a minor, if not a to tho carriage, and I waited. No, not to throw rloo, but— but to 6co Helen once more. Oaptain Carter, Helen's cousin— ho was best man— closed tho carriage-door, with a gay f;ood-bye. Ho stood, with uncovered head, ? tbo fog and drizzle, and I saw tho look upon his faoo." . ".They say ho has always been in lovo with Helen." " It was not that. Insight gave foresight, and on tho paveraont, in Oopcly Square, ho saw tho future, somowhoro on the Western plains. "You oro tired, August?" Helen Bt. Gregory arose from the piano — tho ono artlole of luxury she had permitted herself— and leaning over tho back of her husband's ohair, played with his hair. It bad been allowed to grow somowhat long in tho last few weeks. He had just returned from a visit to a settlement, a few miles distant, consisting of a few wretched, scattered huts. His hand sought his throat and loosened the stiff, oleriool bands with an impatience that scorned uncontrollable. " It is stifling here," be said ; " tho air of a room makes me oough." "I will open the window." " Open both windows." "lean cot," returned Helen, with somo surprise at his imperious tone. "Tho other window is scaled, hormctieatly, with papier, tnaehi, manufactured out of 6oaked news- papers, alter iTaruc Garters recipe." Her husband strode across tho room, and with one blow of his olenohed fist ho broke away the lower part of the sash. " August 1 Howoould you— oh, your hand is bleeding I" rcproaoh changing to com miseration. Sho caught up a web of soft linen upon tho work-table. " It is nothing," said her husband almost haughtily, drawing himself so quickly away that tho linen fell beneath his foot. Tho next moment there was an exclamation from both, for it was the surplice, with tho circlo-emblem of immortality embroidered upon its front, that lay thero, blood-stained and trampled. Ho sank into tho chair again, and sho, who had learned in .tho last fow months that there were timos when it was best to leave him un disturbed, slloutly closed tho shutters outside the broken window and pinned closely over it tho heavy ourtains of Mexican blankets. Tho room was both sitting-room and study. Iu tho corner, a prie-ttieu, with a threadbare cushion, testified to tho length and frequency of his devotions. Presently Helen looked anxiously up from the altar-cloth Bho was embroidering. "I wish you would not watch me in that covert mannor," said her husband, with new i irritability. Ho was tired ; her woman's heart chid hor, after that moment of strange nnd chilled mis- giving. It was a long cold walk to tho settle ment, and tho people there wero tho most degraded of his pastoral charge. They con sisted only of old men, women, and children ; the young men were out hunting— a euphemism tot having joined oertnin hostile tribes In the north-west. "I have cjue»Uone4 Utely, Bolts," he began, presently. « whether I havo not, after all. mistaken by vocation. The fire has diod out of tny utterances, my prayers no longer ascend uHOii wings of light, but fall orttshingly back u|h>ii my heart. Tlio nieuning has gono out of tho Holy Scripture : its words are as 1 a talc told by nn idiot, full of sound nnd fury, signifying nothing." Sho spoke gentle, reassuring words, and the strnngc foreboding vanished from her heart. Long after sho hnd gono lo bed, ho was kneeling at tho prie-ttieu. In tho days that followed, sho noticed that ho was unusually silent ; that tho early services, tho prayers, and fastings tacamo inoro frequent — the Inst so rigorous that sho begged him to havo caro lc6t hts health suffer. " We nro commanded," he replied solemnly, " to crucify tho old tunu mid utterly abolish tho whole body of bin." ' lie went about his work like n man in n dream. Tho. melancholy that had always characterized lum had boooine moodiness, n taciturnity that Ills wifo learned was bust left unquestioned. His favonto subjects of con versation had formcly related to his work ; now ho never alluded to U. His texts had been chosen from tlio New Testament, that upon which ho had most frequently dwelt being: "For thoir sakes I sanctify myself, that they nlso may bo sanctified through tho truth." Now his sermons were drawn from the Old Tostaracnt, and particularly from thoso accouuta that dwolt upon vcngeanco and bloodsheed. When ho rend tho lesson telliug of the killing of Blsera, there was a repressed force in his utterance, an intensity of dramatic action in tho gestures of his slender hand and flexible wrist, that brought the scene with awful vividness before his listeners. " Sho smote tho nail into his temples— for he was fast asleep and weary. So be died." His personalty was merged into that of Jnel, and exaltation was exultation over jtho treacherous nnd lavage deed. His manner in speaking of Ms own pooplo hod formerly been tinged with sadness. Was it a wild fancy or his wife's that it now hold a subtle pride ? A distinction, too, had evi dently grown up between "these pooplo"— of his flock— and those amongst whom his ohildhood had been passed. His walks ovor the plain bcc&mo; more frequent. Holon had supposod their object was tho settlement, till an allusion to his work there undeceived her. "I have not been there. I walked twonty, thirty miles over tho plain." ho said, with an excitement that all hor efforts at restraint could not allow to pass unnoticed. "Listen!" and tho words that followed wero strange to Helen. " It is tho tonguo of my fathers," went on hor husband, with solemn pride. " Upon the vast empty plain, thero wax n sound from hoavon ns of a mighty rushing wind, and oven ns tho tongues wore given to tlio disciple nt the day of l'entocost, was tho language of tho warriors given back to me. Witii suoh words did my father speak wlicu ho told of Ills great deeds in the council. My fathor wns n great bravo. He did not live amongst tho women and children. Ho was not a squaw-man. He was Black Kettle !" Bewildered at this str&ngo; out- burst, Helen called bcscccbiogly to her husbaud. Ho made no reply. It wns morning whon he aroso from tho jme-dieu For tho next few days, oxcopt for an almost unhroken silence, he scenic?! mnrn 1IVn hlo former self. Late one afternoon, word wns brought to Helen thnt a woman had been confined in tho settlement and was dying for lack of food and clothing. The circum stances appealed to her with peculiar force. Fitiiug a basket with food nnd hastily select ing bucIi articles as scorned most needful, sho Bot out on her lonely walk. Tho door of tho hut was ajar. Tho one room was empty. In hor charitablo visiting in Boston, a similar experience had often con fronted her, and now, nstbon.nn involuntary vexation arose at having been made tho dupe of her sympathies. Suo made her way to tho next hut, but, to hor surpriso, it too was cmply. The village was deserted! Tho last hut stood on tho brow of an inclino. In tho hollow beyond was a strango sight. Shrinking back into tha shadow of the hut, petrified with horror, sho stood watching a clrclo of savngo figures,' men and women alternating, holding ono another by the hand, revolving slowly around a largo tree. A dirgo-liko chant filled tho air, ns round nnd round tho dancers went, in the samo direction, with eyos closed and heads bent toward tho ground. Thero were young men in tho olrclo. Had they rcturued, then, from their " hunting expedition?" Chained to tbo spot by the mystic spell of tho "ghost-dance," her own body swayed to and fro in unison with tho dancers. Ono figure seemed to oxcrciso a nartioulnr fasolnation over Iter It was that of a young brave, nakod to tlio hips, and with streaks of red and yellow paint across his "breast. Darkness had long ago fallen, and fires wero gleaming in tbo hollow. By and bye, one after another of the dancers fell forward on hie face, but tho eirclo was instantly reformed. The young bravo who hnd held hor gaze was prostrate at last, in tho kind of swoon to wliioh tho others had succumbed. Suddenly ho leaped to his feet. " I havo seen tlio Great Father," ho cried, " aud ho will not talk to me, because I havo married a white woman ! " I» was the voice of her husband ! Half-frozen, blinded, and staggering, sho rcaohed hor own door at last. She must have wandered many times from tho path, for tbo cold, gray morning light was breaking. She dropped, from force of habit, into tho chair by the work- table. Sho must darn those stockings of August's. It was the morning for early service. There w&9 a Httle illuminated book of devotions in which it was her daily habit to read. Was she going mad ? Tho words wero revolving In a circle over tho page. A capital A, in scarlot and.gold, bore a fantastic rcscrablanco to tho palut-bcdizencd figure of tho dance. Thero was a sound without. Tho door was pushed opon ond a naked savngo strode Into tho room, She saw hie purpose. "August! For tho sako of our unborn babe I" What followed may not be told. 