WHOSE HAND P i OK, The Mystery of No Man's Heath. \ CHAPTER IV.— (Continued.) THE SHOT IN TIIE DAHK. 'Nancy Warren, thorn could be no proper witness to your disgrace than this gentleman, who has, with the ' greatest kindnoss to you, endeavored to chock — ' 'I say,' cried Nancy, with a slight stamp, and all of a tremble, ' I will not endure it.' I will follow you into your bedroom, and hear everything you have to say, nnd ask your pardon ; but that : ' person must not be present,' 'It is impossible to pardon you, Nancy; but I will hear — ' 'Bo firm,' said Mr. Davidson. 'Bo devil 1' almost; screamed Nancy, driven to a pitch of fury. 'Tut, tut!' said Mrs. Brooke; 'tis evident where you learn such language. Let this scene end. To-morrow morn ' ing your trunk must be packed. I atn going to send you to school ; nor can I iii . promise ever to receive you again — at ' I least, you must be a very altered girl.' t , ' 'Very proper, Mrs. Brooke, very ?5 _ proper,' mut inured Mr. Davidson, still ij' smiling. I ' Mrs. Brooke,' gasped Nancy, with an ashen face, 'put that man out of the room, or I will fly at him and tear that « smile off his lips. How dare he inter fere between you and me ? It is no thing to him if I was called across the heath to see Lovel's dying child ; you would have gone yourself. I don't care a fig for him and his complaints — a man whose own child you turned out of the house for theft.' ' Silence 1 ' shouted Mr. Davidson, ? forgetting himself. 'I will not be silent, you great, cowardly tell-tale I I know what your ' purpose is, well — to separate me from ; Mrs. Brooke, the only one I have to love me; and to turn that love to hatred. She has listened to your story, and by and-by she shall listen to mine, and you shall see — yes, you shall see, you pale faced, smiling fox — whether she will 5 , turn me out to-morrow!' So saying, i Nancy burst from the room, and banged the door behind her. ! Hephzibah, in the kitchen, heard, fahe mighty slam, which shook the very rafters above her head, and trembled for the girl whose passion — terrible in its earnestness — would surely end in some desperate, outrageous act. She glanced across at Betsey, but the flickering fire light only revealed the glistening steel ! needles, which clattered audibly between her fingers. ' What havo they been saying to the / child 1' she said. ' And what speck of harm was there -in what she did 1 The mistress would do the same for a sick i dog. It's all that Davidson, who has worked the poor lady up. He never I comes here that he does nob rake the fire between them ; and poor Miss Nancy has had no dinner. I'll just put on the nn/1 *v»«lrn hot* n. /«ii n r»f fpn Tf. id bad to be angry on an empty stomach.' Hephzibah bus:ed herself setting the kettle on the fire, and raking out the bars to quicken the flame. '.What's that ?' she said, suddenly, turning her head as she heard footsteps ia the hall. ' Is the old weasel going 1 No ; it's Miss Nancy. I heard her come out of her room a minute ago, and creep down the stairs. Lord bless the child, she is never going out !'' cried Hephzi bah, moving with the toasting-fork hur riedly toward the door. ' No, no, she has gone up again ; it was Mr. 'Walter's rack in the hall she was meddling with. I heard the fishing rod fall off. If she's gone back to her room, it's all right,' / said Hephzibah, returning to tho fire with the half-toasted bread. Tbe water having come to a boil, she presently made the tea, poured it out, added some rich cream to the cup, and went quickly into tho passage. At the door of the study she paused a moment to hear if the argument had subsided — -the temptation was irresistible — and she heard Mis. Brooko say, in a voice of decision : ' No : I have made up my mind ! I'll .. . i .1 ? i sn,„ give tne girl anotner iriai : uho ««° quite right in one thing ; I would have done tbe same myself. Old people cannot bend young hearts like switches. I was hard once in my life, and re pented it for many a long year since.' Her voice faltered as she spoke. 'But. ? ' commenced Mr. Davidson. 'Please, no more lbuts ;' let me lie down to-night with a quiet conscience. Had you told me at the beginning why she went to the gypsies' camp, I would * never have called her to book as I din. Hephzibah smiled, and went up the stairs with a full heart ; here was news to tell the girl— she was forgiven. She mounted tbe three little extra steps to Na,ncy'a door, and knocked ; there was no answer. She turned the handle, but the door was bolted on the inside. ' Miss Nancy !' ' Well, what V ' Here is a cup of tea for you.' ' I don't want it — take it away !' At this moment the door of the study opened, and Mr. Davidson came out into tbe hall beneath. ' Open the door quick, Miss Nancy ! Mr. Davidson is in the passage below, and he will see me ! ' ' Is he 1 ' The door flew open. ' Let me see him ! ' ' Miss Nancy, for the Lord's sake, keep back ! Is thai Mr. Walter's gun you have in your hand 1 ' ' Never mind ; I'll teach that man a lesson ! ' She tried to push Hephzibah aside, bub the old woman held her ground firmly on tho topmost step. ? ' He will see you with tho gun, Miss Nancy! Go back I go back! Ah! God bo praised, he has gone out and shut tho door ! Bo quiet now, and go inside and cool your passion. It's empty you urn, and in need of a bib to oat. Mr. David son, I can tell you, has got the worst ' 'For heaven's Bake! don't mention that man's name ; I could kill him 1 ' , she cried passionately, then flung the door forward on its hinges, and bolted it. Hephzibah did not return to tlio kitchen ; she sat down on the stairs and waited. She lmd the good news to toll Nancy of her forgiveness ; and besides, she wns afraid to go far from hsr room while tho girl's passion was at such a giddy height. - ' Thank God, at Inst that spy David son is gone,' she said presently, as she hoard the sound of tho piano in the sitting-room ; ' the mistress is tuning up now.' It was the same old tune Mrs. Brooke was in tho habit of playing ; evpryone in the house know it off by heart, and | called it ' Master Walter's Good-night ;' 1 for she always played it tho last thing before she left the sitting-room, and then she would say her prayers, and go to bed. ' Laws, what a wind thero is blowing down these stairs ! ' The old woman stood up and drew her skirt over her head and shoulders. 'Surely, Miss Nancy has never been the crazy girl to open the window and climb down. She did it once before, and she's mad enough to-night for anything.' She returned to the door, and listened ; only a slight, gusty moaning came through the cracked' and ill-fitting panels. 'Miss Nancy, are you there?' She looked through the key-hole ; all whs dark inside, aud a cutting wind whistled through it upon her face. The window was evidently open and the room empty. Hephzibah turned away from the door, ber heart throbbing with some vague, anreasing fear. Her mistress must never know this ; she, at least, was bappy and unsuspicious ; she must hide Erom her, at all costs, this fresh, wild 38c.*pndo of Nancy's. ' 'Should auld acquaintance be forgot, rod never' — *' ' Good God ! what is that 1 Has the child shot him cried Hephzibah, as the sharp report of a gun burst upon her ear, and the music ceised. ' Ah ! Miss Nancy, Miss Nancy, she'll never forgive you this time !' The poor old servant staggered down the 6tairs, expecting each moment Mrs. Brooke to come out and confront her, and she felb in her heart that Nancy's day of grace was over ; bub Mrs. Brooke made no movement, and Hephzibah reached the kitchen iu safety. ' Did you hear that ?' said Betsy, who had lit a candle and was standing by the table, white as a ghost, and trem bling. ' Of course I heard,' said Hephzibah, with all the carelessness of voice that she could summon to her aid. ' Isn't Mr. Lovel out every night of his life, shoot ing rabbits ?' 'Not at this time,' said Betsy, whose terror made her valiant bo with sband her adversary. ' And, besides, he is never that bold that he would go and fire a gun off under the mistress' very nose.' ? 'And what do you think it, then? And is that the way you kept poor Miss Nancy's supper hot, and not as much as put tho tea-pot on the hob ? Away with yon ! away with you ! If you're so big a silly as to be afraid of the shadow' of. your own hand, your bed's tbe best place for you ;' and, taking the frightened girl by the arm, she opened tho door of the little bedroom off the kitchen, and pushed her in, turning the key in the lock afterward, and transferring it to the safety of her own pocket. This done, Hephzibah took up the candle, and sticking it into a lantern which hung upon a peg behind the door she went out. She mounted the Bhort flight of steps which led from the kitchen door to the level of the yard. The lantern threw a weird, pock-marked light over the bushes and laurels beside her. Heph zibah's heart was still thumping loudly inside her. She advanced a few paces. \- ( To be Continued. ) 