GREAT BRITAIN; CHRISTIAN REUNION. ADDRESS BY CARDINAL VAUGHAN. On Monday, 2nd September, Cardinal Vaughan opened the Catholic Conference, which is meeting this year at Bristol, under the auspices of the Catholic Truth Society, and addressed an immense meeting at Colston Hall, over which he presided^ The assefnbly was a thoroughly representative character, and the vast hall was packed. Cardinal Vaughan, in his inaugural address, referred to the prominence which the subject of reunion had at- tained and said there was nothing that Catholics desired so ardently as to see England once more reconciled with the Apostolic See in the unity of the faith. There was nothing—abso- lutely nothing—that they wouldn't do which might bring this a step nearer realisation. He did not understand what was meant by the notion which had been put about that if England and Rome were to draw together again the position of the Catholic clergy, and more especially that of the bishops and the Archbishops of Westminster, would become impossible. If it meant that upon England once more becoming united to the Catholic Church it might be necessary or expedient for the good of religion that the actual archbishop and bishops should efface themselves, he had no hesitation in saying at once gladly would they do so. To secure the object they had most at heart no sacri- fice would be too great. To sacrifice life itself or such a cause would be an unspeakable privilege, so intensely did they desire the welfare of their fellow- countrymen, brethren according to the flesh, in the reunion of Christendom. (Applause.) They were absolutely one with the Holy Father In their desire to promote reunion. The air had been full lately of ideas suggestive of com- promise. It might seem hard to ex-pect pect those who did not realise with Catholics the fundamental principle on which the Church was built to regard them as unreasonable when they said that the first condition of reunion must be that all should accept—accept, mind, and not merely permit—Catholics still to hold whatsoever the Church taught and had defined on all matters of doctrine; they could, however, see that if this were the Catholic's firm and only standpoint, no purpose—and certainly no honest and straightfor- ward purpose—could be observed by allowing any doubt to exist as to the possibility of compromise on any matter of doctrine. (Applause.) Nor was it possible for the Church to admit to her communion those who desired to exercise the right of private judg- ment to reject any part or parts of the faith. Matters of ecclesiastical dis-cipline cipline were subject to revision, accord- ing to the wisdom and prudence of the Holy See. These, indeed, were openly admitted to be matters for arrang-ment ment and compromise. But the Church had not a free hand to deal with the truths of revelation and of religion. She was constituted simply as the guardian and teacher of these truths, and had no power to surrender) or to compromise with any one of them. The kernel of the question of the reunion of Christendom consisted in the admis- sion of the Roman claim that the Pope had received by Divine right authority to teach and govern the whole Church as defined in the Councils of Florence, Trent, and Vaddan, and as set forth by Thomas Arandell, Archbishop of Canterbury, in the formulary drawn up as a test of Catholic doctrine in 1413, and approved by the Convocation of Canterbury. The essence of the Anglican position on the other hand and the raison d'etre of the Anglican Church was the negation of the Roman claim. It declared that the Pope had not authority by a Divine right bestowed by Christ on blessed Peter to teach and rule the whole Church of God ; that the Pope had no jurisdiction in England. The whole question of re- union lay, therefore, within a nutshell. It was not a question of examining and accepting a long list of Catholic doctrines. It was simply a question of the fundamental and essential consti- tution of the Church. It seemed to htm that the straightest and simplest way to the discharge of their ordinary duty of preaching and defending the Catholic faith in England was to say that the Church could never recede from the words of Christ constituting a visible head to His Church on earth, or from the authoritative interpreta- tion given to those words by her con- stant radition and by her general councils. They confidently hoped and believed that the truth of the Church's revealed doctrine would by degrees make its way amongst the English people. It had been said that the admission By Rome that Anglican clergymen had received power to con- secrate the body and blood of Jesus Christ, to say Mass, and to forgive sins would remove a source of " irrita- tion ;" but why should High Church- men be irritated with Rome for not recognising these supernatural powers in Anglican clergymen, when these powers had not been recognised, nay, had been denounced and denied by the great mass of clergymen in the Anglican Church for 300 years down to the present day ? Were that cause for " irritation," it should be felt not against Rome, but against the formu- laries and traditions of the Church of England. So far from desiring that the question of Anglican orders should be left where it was, he had earnestly pleaded that it be thoroughly re-ex- amined in Rome. If Anglicans thought that new historic facts and arguments could be adduced in behalf of the validity of their orders, by all means let them be heard. He had reason to think that a thorough and exhaustive exam- inatlon of the whole question would be instituted, so as to lead up to a decision by the Apostolic See, whether the Catholic practice of the last 300 years should be maintained, or whether the orders be treated as either valid or doubtful. But it ought to be distinctly borne in mind in order not to confuse issues, that the validity of the order? had really nothing to do with reunion. He looked forward to the eventual con- versation of England to the Apostolic See, but did not expect it to come about at once, or by an act of corporate re-union. union. He expected it to be the result of the methods which God had hitherto steadily followed with signal blessing to souls and to the Church, namely, that of direct action by the Holy Ghost upon individuals, calling them severally and separately by an act of inscrutable predestination. Year by year severally thousands of the English people, drawn from all classes of society, were re- ceived into the Catholic Church. Ad- verting to the Archbishop of Canter- bury's recent letter he invited all Angli- can aspirants after reunion to say in face of this authoritative pronounce- ment whether they now saw any pros- pect of an act of corporate reunion as a way of terminating their divisions. Had not this timely and suggestive document made it absolutely clear that there could be no hope for the reunion of Christendom save by individual submission to the See of Peter ? While they perceived and touched with their hands the barriers set up by ignorance worldly power, pride of wealth, and human passions against the wretched society, gradually separating into two camps, that of rationalism and that of Divine faith, his soul was filled with hope for the future, as the design of God continuously and slowly unfolded. They regarded the revival of religious 'feeling as due to the power of prayer, and His Eminence urged the import- ance of continued and regular prayer amongst Catholics for reunion. 