WORK FOR HOLIDAYS. fc'v I havo beon consulted by several corres- pondents as to suitable needlework to whilo g||yj|j away the many more or less weary hours at l||g| tho seaside these holidays, and I must try f(j - and suggest somotliing that shall be small, so r. that it may bo easily carried about, shall bo oi a serviceaoio coiour, bu luuii ui vuuc»»vim»» Mgg smut may not provo too hurtful, and most i I- important of all, shall bo economical, so that if brought back to town in an unfinished con- pipK dition, the ghost of repentant prodigality y may not reappear too frequently in the drcuras «j of tho conscience-stricken sluggard. Another requisite of a piece of work that may be dono \ out of doors is that the colours rihould be rest- ful and that no shading should bo required, |p|f| for, in face of tbe wonderful blues and greens flgd of the sea, with the overchanging lights and tho all-absorbing shadows, no one could possibly find interest or pleasure in tbo trivial tints of a comparatively insignificant flower. Well then, I take it that, as the piece of work must be' small and light, we cannot do bettor than select either a blotter or a book- coyer, a telegraph-fonncaseor such liko. As wo must be economical our material must be linen, and as- flowers are .tubooed, we must select a conventional design. Among my collection of trausfera I find that I havo just the right design 'for the.purposo, and quite a large variety of them. Hero is a swan , measuring some twelve by ten inches. It would look re ally Ciipitfil on a blotter of dark green linen ; the bird itself might be worked out handsomuly. in white and grey, with its red bill surmounted by a knob of black ; the one leg that 'just shows sliould bo dime in black, and the wing must be shapely and pointedly worked in dead dazzling -wliite. This would make a lriost attractive and original- blotter ; tho suggestion of water through wliich the swan moves making tho design quite realistic. And hero is another good design for the purpose. This is a frog contentedly! squiitting on some leaves tho while it' sniff 4 contemptu ously at some branches that reach to its nose; I should work thiB on blue linen, the frog to be outlined in brown and spotted with yellofy, and the foliage to bo all green. And yet another design deserves our attention. This is an owl sapiontly resting on tho cross b iiigh of a' tree ' while a sun on tho right-hand corner shines benignly upon bim. This would look well on any shade of linen and could' be worked in brown with the breast portion done in white, and huge black eyes with "white 'rims round 'them. ' The sun I. should cut out in yellow linen and applique it round, and the houghs' of tho trees should be of dark greeny brown. Of course all these designs would show to advantage if worked out in'wliite flox thread upon' a very brightly coloured linen ; such as a vivid' red or a good orange yellow. I have any number of other transfers of griffins and queer-looking beasts and fishes which would be equally suitable and could also be worked cither in white or black thread. I have just' been " presented with a very pretty telegraph-form' case marie of green linen, the design being geometrically arranged clusters1- of petals-' connected by chains ; these chains' are worked in yellow silk, and beetles' Wfnga are sewn carefully over the petals, forming a sort of iridescent flower. This would also be a suirable achieveriient for orir feeasiriti' holiday, th ugh tho fear of mislaying any of the wings bright prove a drawback. Arid yet another htilo piece .of work strikes me as befitting tbi- w a- side holiday occasion, and'that ia a piano keyboard cover! But I will "describo this ia some other article. 