FOR fHE^fifllTRf. Wanted felaokamith, able to shoe I Musloian preferrea;-rrTlinjt8day'«Mnokejy. I Tbe -5jwp^bk knowi tho .Mod tot I .a ypung.man &r;,«yJ..W!Bi»try.- job. I A nioo soft -fired .ooatemplat|«W I sweet young nan h6iaing yjewi at I melodion with double bell «womn»nimenU ? and elDg to it'as well, Uko dbt the jrirli ? lor*«uk,«iibaft*4BBfflii«taKgla-«Si(t ? ob sing:— H WanlMavblaefamlA«Met4ihM; i'l ? Of pious behaviour ,«nd nuslcil too | ? a. ^M Shambliug aronudui a, manner Sstraocht t ^1 Bnt^pennlnej Pl«»*u»t and pret^r Tount ? Bins eye i, expressivs and able to «inr ' ^| W(thasUPMryt«Bneryklndof»TCi5., ? (AbMSopreferrelforocxasionjd oholoe). H Able to bani on the big «rmy dram, ^H Or get on with anythliw 'elie thittaay oonu H Iieadinironfinnaa)naBiiitiis«holr. ^H Setting the -hearts otthe «ali afi aar« i ' IH Tones like the mund of oeleitUl harps ? Wanted a smithy able to thoe I ^1 Nereranefid.'toUwtninmheiuidoi . ^H CbtnanKftiMeffUoKmSSTiSXalii ? Eeeplnic in time to tba roar of tt»fi». sH BOhl toll us when euoh a jenng am nay U ^1 found— , , ^H That 1« If Ws Making «Il«a'boT»«rouadi H For we don't want a ghost, a atiim arnn't «« . iiB But a musloal b^ok»5^ tnaWmtffK.h« ' H We'll git him M.hslo to muttotZilu H U we can oollar one cheap and all thiti ^M He may settln for «rer away (ram Ufa's whirl, ? Ani end np by splicing onr very best girl. ? Alderman P. Mo Cbackbk ctomvUd th« ? salary he reoeived as Aoting Mayor to ? the Benevolent Sooiel^. Fatnum, go ? and do thon likewise. T ' ? Mb. A. P. Htllvb ot Miller's Corner ? (now, however, by a torn *f the wheel of ? fortune passing into, other hands) hits ? completed all his business affairs in con. ? neoHon with Us oontinnaaoe in his old ? position. He has in constqnehos made ? arrangements fora more oomplate ontfit ? than he already has held andwlU oSrry I ?n business upon generally improved ? lines, the stock holding all modern re- I ?juiMments to enable him to keep mm* I with any establiehment of the Hut Is ? the Australian colonies, ? Athletics, aead in Hobart for a oon- ? eiderable time past, are »n the moveagain* ? In response to walls from Bereral friends, ? CuUey Griffin will meet McLeod on the ? 11th. inst., under conditions to be | advertised, for £2 10s. side waeers. and ? the whole of the gate money. Arrange mente have been made for the affair to oome off at the rooms of Professor West, CollinB Street. GrifBn in condition goes about 14st, and McLeod some 141b. lighter. The afiair is causing some little exoitement amongst the fatemity anda good attendanoe is eropeoted. Two tales about two churches I In tha Northern press the Rev. Father j. Hogsn published about four inches of an adver tisement thanking all and enndry of the performers at a country concert g ot up in aid of his church, the financial resnlt of which was £12 in. 644., and lav; on the blarney as thick as it will stick We have it from Zeeban that Miss Msaro in her good nature, and doubtless love for the Anglican Church, for months buried her self in training her scholars in the ait' oi music, so thatthey might appear creditably in the cantata, 'The Queen of the Seasons,' and all for the -honor and clorj and the paonniary advancement of her church. Whether that church has am* gated the 'stand and deliver' doctrine of what is eaid to be the church of which the Rev. Father Hogau ie a member and con. Eiders Miss Munro did nothing but bet duty we know not. A month has elapsed since the cantata and as yet no acknowledge meat of the receipts, which nearly totalled £30. Doubtless the parson at Zeeban re. membered her in his prayers the bight hs collared the loot, and that the time so taken up took an extra five minutes from that nnusually devoted to Morpheus ; but society, is now so constituted that we ex» pect a quit pro quo in the way of tbanfcf — through the press or verbally for any* thing dona for— say the Church. Tht above is but another example of the ero lutioti of the chhrchet. ??? : ? ^; . TheEev. H.R. Haweisi M,A., leituriBJ in Hobsri on Monday ana Tuseday next, at the Temperance Hall, isperbans the beet now mown inoumbent in England. B* has for ? years drawn one of the largest and most in* ? fluenhal oongregfations in Xondon, ana is t ? lecturer whose popularity extends otot bbth ? hemispheres, andlias drawn crowded halls ? throughout America, Australia, and N«w ? Zealand, his recent leotntti in Melbourne. ? Sydney, and Adelaide on 'Musio and* I MoraUty,' 'Tennyson,' 'Garibaldi,' etc., ? having been deolared to be amonnt the ? most entertaining and ?lonnent givan in ? b?'?1??1.1 Mr-&»weishas'jnitwmpleJ*a ? a 60 nighto1 engagement with E. 8. Smythi, ? the much travelled agent, and is on thl ? pointof leaving for BnrqpB. HewiUJbe ? heard at Hobart and Lttince.ton next week ? for the last tune in thee* oolongs, . ? The IXL Jams and Preserved] Fruits I nave once more distinguished them- I selves by taking the highest awards at I the Hobart Exhibition —Special first I and ONLY price for excellence of quality ? wd purity flavor. ID, still 3tU I 