The Plenary Council. .DECEASED PRELATES OF THE ROMAN CATHOLIC CHURCH. 'GOMMEMORATION SERVICE AT ST. MARY'S CATHEDRAL, SYDNEY. 'YIhe second of the solemn public sessions ixn connection with the Plenary Council was held at St. Mary's Cathedral, on Sunday morning last, and was made the occassion for commemorating the lives of bishops who have died since the first Plenary Council was held-ten years ago. There was a very large congregation. The service was not marked by the display attending the service held on the previous Sunday. There wase a procession, mn which the Cardinal and the other twenty prelates attending the Plenary Council, as well as clergymen engaged thereat, took part; but the bishops' robes of state had been laid aside, as also had their mitres, so that the procession was much less imposing in character than that on the previous Sunday. The bishops who walked in the procession were the Cardinal (who was accompanied by his secretary, the Very Rev. Dr. O'Haran, and other ecclesiastics), Dr. Carr (Archbishop of Melbourne), Dr. Dunne (Archbishop of Brisbane), Dr. Murphy (Arehbishop of Hobart), Dr. 'O'Reilly (Archbishop of Adelaide), Dr. .Salvado, O.S.B. (Abbot of New Norcia), Dr. Morray (Bishop of Maitland), Dr. Lanigan (Bishop of Goulburn), Dr. Torreggiani, ',O.S.F.C. (Bishop of Armidale), Dr. Cani (Bishop of Rockhampton), Dr. Moore (Bishop of Ballarat), Dr. Reville, O.S.A. (Coadjutor-Bishop of Sandhurst), Dr. Byrne (Bishop of Bathurst), Dr. Gibney (Bishop of Perth), Dr. Dunne (Bishop of Wilcannia), Dr. Corbett (Bishop of Sale), Dr. Doyle (Bishop of Lismore), Dr. Hutchison (Vicar Mpostolio of Cooktoawn), Dr. Higgins (Auxniliary Bishop to Cardinal Moran), Dr. Delaney (Coadjutor Bishop of Hobart), and Dr. Gallagher (Coadjutor-Bishop of Gculod turn). The Very Rev. James Maher (Administrator of the Diocese of Port Augusta, S.A.) and the Very Rev. Inthony Strele, S.J. (Administrator of the ·diocese of Port Victoria and Palm erston) were also in the procession. Oceupying seats within the sanctuary were the Hen. Thomas Dalton and Mr. Thomas Slattery (each wearing the insignia of a Knight of the Church). Sitting amongst the .congregation were the Hen. D. O'Con nor, M.L.C., and Sir W. P. Manning. The musical service was much less elaborate than at the first public session. The special mass chosen was Goweod's "De Paques." Mr. J. A. Delaney discharged the dual duties of organist and conductor, and had unaer his direction a choir bf forty-seven voices. As the procession entered the church the anthem "Ecoe Sacerdcs Magnus" was sung, with organ accompaniment. The Cardinalpresided at the throne. The assist ant-priest at the throne was the Very Rev. Dean O'Donovan (of Bathurst), and the eassistant-deacons the Very Rev. Dr. Bourke, V.G. (of Perth), and the Very Rev. Father Shanahan (of Bathurst). Of the mass, which was Pontifical High Mass, the celo brant was Dr. Cani (Bishop of Rockhamp ton). . The assistant-priest at the mass was the Very Rev. Father Walsh (of Townsville). The deacon and sub-deacon were the Rev. Fathers P. J. Walsh and Phelan (of St. Mary's Cathedral). The Very Royev. Dr. O'Haran acted as master of ceremonies, and was assisted bfy the Very Rev. Vincent P. Dwyer, and the Vei'y Rev. H. M'Dermctt. Theprincipal solo in the service, "0 Salub taris," was sung by Mr. J. J. Hinchy. The other soloists were Mrs. Tierney, Miss Devitt, Miss Stafford, gIr. Clancy, and Mr. W. O. G. Hughes. Themasswassucceeded lby an eclesiastical vocal service, which was unaccompanied. .At the close of the service the prelates and other ecclesiastics returned in probesesion to the presbytery. As they left the sanctuary Mr. Delaney played Edouardc Bifiete's "Church Festival March," a composition marked by much digmity. The sermon was preached by Dr. O'Reilly (Archbishop of Adelaide). Dr. O'Beilly said that, though their work was with the present and the future, though the business of their synod was legislation that might benefit the living and-as they hoped-might prove profitable to those who were yet to live, still they might ven ture to turn their thoughts backward for a moment, and interrupt their delibera tons in passing deference to the memory of thedead. The scythe of thegrim reaper whose mowing was of mortals was always busy; His blade struck at random, it was true, but strucmek vigorously, and the havoc made was much. Ten short years, and yet they had to mourn sad and serious gaps in the ranks. To the roll call of the Bie. hops three new voices answered where three others now hushed .for ever in the dark:atillness of thetomb spoke out before. Melbourne, Perth, and Adelaide were repre sented by fresh rulers. The Most Rev. James Alipius Goold, the Most Rev. Christo A herAgustine Reynolds, the Right Rev. Martin (Irever, had gone the way of all flesh. A fourth there was, sage in counsel and as intrepid as he was sage, who keeps them company. Dunedin was no longer represented in the synods of Australia; but by those who were privileged to know Dunedin's first bishop, the memory of the Bight Rev. Patrick Moran would ever be revered. Were the departed ones lost to them for ever because no longer here to share their toils and share their cares? Forbid the thought. The faith they held we hold; the hope they cherished we cherish; the charity that was the life-pulse to their hearts quickens, we trust, our soul. One with them in work in the Master's wheat-fields, we hope one day to be with them in rpst in the Master's home. ' The merit of those they comnemor. ated lay in this: Raisedto eminence within the sanctuary, they bore themselves in all things worthy of their high station. Charged with responsibilites of the weighti est sort, they supported with unflinching patience their burden to the weary end. They were high- priests of the Eternal, and with the strain of the fulness of the saserdotal office upon them they so tried to role their lives that they might win heaven's favour, and through the mercy of its judgments be pronounced just. They hmew themselves to be pastors of a portion of that flock for which Christ died, and understood that the highest proof of devo. lion to their Master was in the exercise of a loving care of the souls that were theirs. By a fixed law, to the pastor's watchfulness and energy corresponded the flock's well being. Upon his exertions depended its increase. Safety, it was true, was from the Lord, and if things prospered the happy issue was to be traced to the favouring pro tection of His right hand. Equally trnoe, however, was it that He who was ahnlighty worked through human agencies, and that without limits to its power. He chose to make its exercise often depend upon the human will. In these new lands it was no strange thing for the flock, through the in rush of population, and without, therefore, merit on the pastor's part, to hlave an ab normal growth. Within the limits even of a single episcopatethe faithful would multi ply manifold. The rapid accessios of numbers would tax the pastor's strengsl to the utmost, and in providing promptly for the spiritual needs of the new-comcrs ihe would have abundant scope for the display of his zeal. In various measures it wasthe lot of the prelates whose memory they re called to be confronted by the difficulty to which he had alluded. If they met it, as they did, in the spirit of self-sacrifice and generosity, if they saved that faith and piety which but for their efforts stood in no small peril, and might have been lost, they had much to do with the growth that was granted to religion, and their •merit was much. A life already ex existing saved from the jaws of death was a new life given. In Christ's Kingdom, too, they must remember it was not heads that counted, buthearts. A reckon ingmade by numbers merely wasa fallacious calculation. In the spiritual sphere census returns were not to be trusted much. The hearts of their people were sound to the core. Their churches were filled to over flosing with devout congregations, and their schools could scarce find room for the children who flocked within their walls. In their sanctuaries cohorts of experienced and zealous Levites despensed faithfully the sacrnaments; while outside, pursuing their way in every walk of life, the throngs of faithful laity strove to spend their days as Christ's children should. If the spectacle presented by their Australian Catholicity was a gladsome one, and gave encourage ment, let them not forget to whom the felicitousness of the times on which they had fallen was due. To praise the dead where p raise was due was seemly. To praise those who, lying dead, were in life worthy princess of the House of Israel had the commendation of the Holy Ghost. What was in itself good might not, how ever, have all the goodness called for, and their thoughts were surely faultful did they stop short at this hour at praise.-S. il. Herald. 