EVICTING A GHOST A BEMABKABLE STOBY. Almost every town or village has its haunted house, and the settlement of Wandn, in India, was no exception. Here a number of English officers aad their families live during the warmer months, returning to their ' respective commands later on. The rumor that Captain Beauchamp'e bouse was haunt ed was circulated by a servant. He was awakened one nig-ht by most extra ringing violently, and & struggling, writhing noise in the-wall of the houBe — not in one place, bufcin several at once, and then he heard a long-Srawn sigh. This was the last feather. He rushed to his employer*s(room aad aroused him, vowing that the piace was haunted. The notoriety so cheaply earned became exceeding ? disagreeable. Mat ters stood in this -shape for some days when one morning- -a party of jugglers reached the haunted house. As there were a number of children in the family the performers were invited into the grounds, and gave an entertainment. Finally one of the-: men took outa. small oval basket, which had an orifice in the top, and seating- himself near it began to play a quaint air xtpon a flute. After industriously playing- for a few moments up through the hole an the basket came the head of the cobra,tand when 12 in. or 15 in. above the basket it began to wave to and fro as .if in obedience to the measure of the music. After the snake dance — or tbe-EBake ?? charming,' as European are wantaSocallit-fchelndiaji snake-charmer walkedkiround the house and among the bushes pointed out a hole which might have {been made by a rabbit. To one of the. natives he said he -would take out a cobra which he thought was in theitofe. Seating him self before the hole . thelmagician began his mournful plaint. For fifteen minutes .he ?? kept up the noise, and then from tie opening there appeared the ugly hoocfed head of a cobra. Another hole was soon found, this beingdirectlyat-thebsse-of the wall of the house. The man examined it a few moments carefulry-then began to play upon the flute. Hardly had tbegroup.gatbered about the performer before a mosbreraarkable noise came from thehouse. Firsfc,t±«re was a sound as of escapingrstesm, then a sound of some great bofiy stocking the wall and rubbing against the timbers. Dust in clouds cams from the hole and the ' charmer' started back in terror overturning tbr»m&n; behind him Beeovering himarff he darted at ihe hole, and thrusting bos arm in drew out not a cobra but the tail of a larger snake. Astonishznent'was depicted one the native's face, and horror on those of many of the spectators as he stood holding the tip of the tail,. and 5 ft of the body was visible. For a-second file man hesitated then regaining his courage he shouted in Hmdustanee for the lookers on to stand back, and tak ing a good grip upon the tail he pulled gradually backward. Out it came, foot by foot, inch by inch, 5 ft, 10 ft, 15ft, 16ft, -^18 ft,, was there-on ends ? 18ft of quivering snake flesh as large as a man's thigh. A quick jerk and the en tire monster was clear — at least 20 ft. in length — big; enough to swallow a deer, and yet held by-- a single man. The native was how ever -not in the least discouraged. He dung to the taiL and and as the huge reptile turned towards him with an angry hiss he gave it a swinging motion by turning slowly. Gradually he increased his speed turn ing faster and faster, uctQ he seemed the centre of a wheel the spokes of which were the body of the python. So rapid was the motion that the snake's body was perfectly straight and it was evident that as long as the motion could be kept up the man was safe, bat if the monster eonld reach him he would in a moment be crushed in the horrible folds of the reptile. It Boon became apparent that the charmer knew what he was about Not far from the hous'! stood a stout flagstaff If ft through of solid teak wood, and towards the snake faster and faster. When he was within 25 ft of it, it dawned upon the few spectators what he was about to do. This was to strike the head of tb a reptile against the pole. Nearer he came whirling faster and faster until the serpent stood out like a whiplash arid then with a quick step forward, he brought the head of the animal against tbe wood with a crushing sound He released his hold, and the great reptile doubled up in convulsive, folds, digging up the earth and sending clouds of dust into the air finally dropping Hmp and lifeless to ihe ground. One 'thing was evident, that thexe was the 'ghost.' Mr. David Boss, F.B.LB.A, architeet, has commenced practice «t William-street as his advertisement appears elsewhere in to-day^ issue. Mr. Boss, is one of the oldest architects in Australia and has had extensive experience in New Zealand, Victoria, and New South Wales. The foUowmg important letter from Mons. A. Bauer, of tbe Lrm of Bauer and Eugel feardt, dated Genoa, June 24.— -'Wtth reference to the market for Australian hardwoods in Europe, and published by a Tasmanian exchange, is of interest to miUowsers in this colony, having at all times takes a lively interest in the timber export trade of your colony, Ibeg to suggest that there would be a splendid market for timber for paving purposes in the different cities of tie continent. It would be beet, however, (or your esportere to apply to tbe eantmen tal timber merchants direct instead of de pending for it to you* AgesrtGeoeral in London. AeoDection of Tasmanian timber, which I have shown, to several large timber merchants?! Germany, Atoftrja, Fiance, and Italy, has been greatly admired, and I have since received several inquiries for paitieolars re price, eta. In Act, afew finns declared themselves prepared to order a trial shipment for the purpose of paving a street Of their respective citKSffratis, just to test the timber and to obtain tbe paving contracts if results are favorable. If your exporters can ship f . o. b. Launceston 100 superficial fact for 7s., &al; read myonr gesntte of Hay 4, I think you -would do a grand trade with ihe Continent,' TnreferoBoc to & paragraph -which Appear ed in a Jwcnt issue of tixjCoelgerdie Heoim, stating &at; Mr R. 8. Hayoes bad gone to Coolgtrdio, &sd; intended *ettlin£ there, we are reqafcflted to «t»ta Out Mr. Haynes has merely gone to Coolgardie for the purpose of jnfioa'ttcfng tbo reprciOBtasive of the film who will manage the branch business Qf liesBN. Haycet and Pnrkfea there. Mr. {ferries will be back in r«rtb for the £ep *«&«? ajtgnca «* tfee 8ujwp» Orw*. fc^^-;_ V . . .. _ -? -.^ 