THE SiSTILLEBY GHOST. A Tat.t. of Theeoe. It is not necessary to this story that I conjugate my verb " to be " in the past tense. In fact, it is a painful subject to me, so I will merely say that I am a tramp, of interest to no one, except by chance to the farmer's dog or to the police. On the particular utiv of which I speak I had been walking since sunrise -along roads where the hot dust spurted under my shuffling steps, and where the sight of a solitary blotch of shade wa s as grateful as the clink ox ice to the thirsty. I carried a companion in my pocket, a little ilat, black companion, and every now and then, when the prospect became unusually dry and my hunger too in sistent, I raised to my lips that mouth | ■which alone of all others had been con stant to me—the mouth of the bottle. To wardaftemoonas I marched doggedly on, I became aware of a sudden cool lapping of shadow over my shoulder, and glancing about I saw that a storm was | beating up behind me. The clouds were gorged and purple] with destruction, and the lightning whipped out its livid lash above the | ■ -horizon, while the thunder chattered | sullenlr. By : some malevolent inspiration I re- | mcnibered having heard that on this very road stood a disused distillery, a favorite ' roosting-place for travellers of my" de scription. . Ifot far ahead was a clump of pine trees, and behind them rose the outlines of an old chimney. I hurried toward the place, plunging through a tangle of dusty : weeds, and sure enough, there stood the buiUliii g of which I was iu search, its sagging roof and hnrsting walls green with. age. - ■ ' There were two-holes ripped ia the roof, stariug deep and empty as" the eyes of a skulL. I crawled under the door just-in time, for the "next moment the xain: came- .roaring. down straight as melted lead. It must have been a dismal : place' at best, but now under the thick sky .and - drumming rain-drops it was \- particularly disspiriting. There were . two.rooms on the. lower , floor witlr no visible means of . communication but a wide window set in the wall. The glass panes were unbroken, and the room behind was-perfectly dark. Connecting these rooms with the attic was a 'rickety . _ staircase. ' The earthern : - floor was covered with a dank mesh of pine needles ana pale grass-blades. I cowered against the .wall, while the storm boomed and crackled over uny head, closing my eyes from time to time against the shock of, white fire that darted through the \---chunks'and under the door.' •m Presently, as I sat with my hot lids " -drawn down; I felt a startling sense of .some one.looking at me; I turned quickly toward the window of which I \- have spoken, and there, pressed against the dark glass"was a face, peering at me . : steadily. , . Ob, the horror of that "face! .- -for, as I looked, the outlines began to '• x; change and grow, like some great color .! " lessxjelly—a soft,human jelly oozing : and_sprendfng across the panes. X shut " my eyes, and my heart battered my ribs. Again Ilooked, still the face was there, ■ only this time the slack month dre w back in a aekening smile, and it ran out" its : blue tongue, licking its loose lips quietly. I started to my feet with a cry, and as 11 -.'.didso the window began to slide hp. •- I'drbpped to the Soar weak with fear, and the sash fell into place again... Then ' - I realised that' I must lie- there, abso lutely still, for if I rose, the window rose, = :. too —lie there and look, while that face leered at me from behind the glass. By . : and bye it began io move with. a flaccid, gelatinous swajing. I saw it beud ,over | and raise something from the floor, some- | \-- ihingthathad been a : man, but now \- .-.bung quite limply in its month; ;it| pressed the body against the window. laughing. silently, and I saw—myself ! God help me! for. the first time, in this world I looked into my own face. 3Iv | own face did I say ? Xo, no - some j bloated animal, jjurple, pimpled, wilh eyeballs so blood-shot that they seemed to be staring through a web of. red] lace.'1 . .How long I "lay there, I. can .not tell. At last I: moved,and my band touched , something cold; it was my. bottle, the eompauion of my wanderings. . I held it up and saw that there was still a: drop or "' two in it. I drained it to the dregs, and ..theglad fire Warmed. me and "made me -.strong." " ' " At tliat moment the Thing began to raise its pallid; horrible feelers, twisting them about the body it held, snapping . -the limbs off and dropping them into its mouth, where the blue tongue caressed :: them hungrily.' 1 ; . ' It had'finished, its meal, -but it still J ... 1 kept its. vague eyes on me, and then I ] realised that I was moving, slipping : quietly, toward it 1" I clutched at the | : ;■ "rutting : steps and thc-y crumbled to hrowri powder in my lumds. I ground my fingers into the earth.until there was a trail of bloody mud aftef ihe. Then I .. xnade onc superhnman effort, dashed up the swaying staircase, and broke into the [ '-I attic. - - *- f I slammed the door and threw hiyself ] , : against - it, for I had seen that accursed | k. >-■ window dart up with a crash as I leaped, '" 'ancLI knew that the Thing would follow ! ,, me, and tsar me to pieces, andphihge me into itsinouhh, and liiash and mangle rile ] ' between its toothless gums. ~ ~The-roomwhere 'Ivfoand myself' was I dim and wet. Between the cracks in the | wall, a flaming strip of sunset glowed hkea forge iu the twilight. ; _ xlSyery breath' of nature was hushed now. the- rain came only in loosely. Yhlowu gusts and the thunder had shnd 'rif: dered away into . silence ; - but iiiv hair i xbse'and iuy flesh grew rough and icy, , ; for on the stairway was a soft, creaking ] : a. sound, then a steady pushing against the | "!'■ door; : * -1 Y-J.'.h•' ■ -, I howled aloud in" my anguish, and ] the sound of my voice set the place ■ 'A. bellowing with echoes. Sly arms were torn j and the bones nearly snapping from the j pressure,'and still I felt the door opening —opening ! ,There was a crunch—-one rusty hinge dropped clattering to the floor, another,] r. and for a moment the door tottered, ; \- and fell forward,1 ."nearly crushing mo ; ■ J but, no,,I was too quick, T was mad with fear,/ .One instant, only we stood looking at each other, the Thing framed 'in the: empty door space,ahd; I—a wild • . ~l>e!lstrcr3^d with the. fiercest Tace in- ] \- Etin'ct;' then X plunged fofwardand out ] through-a rentin the torn clapboard ing. I felt .the _wood snap and give, "and the awful swoop of my fall, and. "knew that the Thing had hurled itself after", me. I scrambled to my feet and went; rushing, flying down the einpty road. - -- I The wet hushes slapjied my face and , ,, . clung, clammy as dead hands that .would -' have stopped my flight, and all the time.. I heard the Thing behind me—heard the. plash of the puddles as it trailed through them and the heat of its formless .-steps.- ■ 1 - - ' - • ■1 -. The moon was rising across the road, a great swollen disk, sangnineand threaten-: ingJ """I remember every scene : the jerky flitting of a'bat, the dark spray of some, hanging vine, and the pounding of my own steps. ' I 'remember catching: my i ragged shoe in a root that bad crawled | \- out from the hedge, and hearing a deep, 'horrible chuckle ; then I fell forward—| and remember nothing more. It was midnight vrhou I beixauie conscious again. The moon had shrunk | into the zenith and was looking at with its little white eye. I was very ■ - weak, and my bands were stiff with tlrv ] blood. '.'There was not a living thing in sight, only the pale ribbon of the deserted road and the gray fields stretching away to] the sky. ' - Far on my left stood a clump of pine "trees ; behind them rose the outlines of] ... " an old chimney, and, sick as I was, I went hobbling through the night till the : place was lost to view. Then I c-rawled j \- : - into a damp hay-nek—and slept. 