FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS. GININDERRA. I will back our little community to have the bump of inquisitiveness more fully developed than an equal number in any other part of the electorate, and the questions that are now agitating th"ir fertile minds and to which they would like to find a solution are many any various. In the first place they want to know,, what can be the object of the Freetraders in seeking a dissolution while having such an overwhelming majority ? What lay are they on, in forcing the hand of the- Council at the eleventh hour with a number of bills they knew would be rejected'? What is the meaning of the amount of blather by the Reid faction uttered during the last few days, unless it is to use the question of Reform of the Council as a cloak to smother the financial platform and land tax? Also, why those at last election-:nis called labor party-should wilfully disfran chise themselves, by throwing away their votos on the so-oslled labor patriots-living on the gamem- and who had not the ghost of a chance, whilst they have in our own member a truly honest friend of labor and whose integrity like "Caesar's wife is beyond suspicion?" Likewise many of our junior electors are making enquiries after the gentle- man, W. H. Palmer, who is going to contest our electorate. I am given to understand that:--- He's a would be swell that old residents know Goes by the name of Palmer You'll be sure to meet him where ever you go, Trying to prove a charmer. He'll shake hands here, and shake hands thare, Enquire after pa or ma. He'll go round the town and country too, Doing the la di da. The prize he is after-three hundred a year, - Would just about snit Walter, Not that he'll get it, there's no fear, Although he may smile on your- daughter. His head like his pocket is exceedingly light, His assurance outweighs them by. far, But he'll find his quietus on polling night, Thus ending his la di da. The weather has been bitterly cold lately and is beginning to tell upon stock, and greatly retarding the growth of early sown crops. July 9th. 