CIVILISATION OF THE KANAKA. WORK OF THE MELANESIAN MISSION. INTERVIEW WITH BISHOP WILSON. CHRISTIANISATION OF THE ISLANDS. ADVANTAGES AND DEFECTS OF THE LABOUR TRAFFIC. The Melanesian Mission, as most people are no doubt aware, is the Church of England's mission to the South Sea Islanders. Its head, the Bishop of Melanesia, the Right Rev. Cecil Wilson, M.A., arriving In Brisbane a few days ago, a reporter from the "Courier" waited upon him at Bishopsbourne, where he was the guest of the Bishop of Brisbane. Bishop Wilson was good enough to explain the object of his visit, and to express his opinion on various subjects connected with the Kanaka labour traffic as it now exists. The questions which have assumed some pro- minence lately in connection with the traffic — the manner in which it is carried on in the islands, the condition of the Kanaka in Queensland, the problem of the walk-about or unemployed Ka- naka, and the effect of the traffic on the islanders them- selves— render the information which Bishop Wilson gave, and the views which he expressed, of peculiar interest at the present moment. Before deal- ing with these matters it may be con- venient to recall a few facts in connec- tion with the Melanesian Mission to show the deep concern it has in the South Sea Islander both at home and in Queens- land. THE MELANESIAN MISSION. The work of the mission was com- menced by the first Bishop Selwyn in 1849\. It was adopted by the Bishops of Australasia as the mission work of the Australasian Church at its Synod in 1850\. In 1855 Mr. Patteson joined it, and in 1861 was consecrated first Bishop of Melanesia. In 1867 the headquarters were removed from Auckland to Norfolk Island. In 1871 Bishop Patteson was killed at Nukapu, with the Rev. J. Atkin and S. Taroaniaro. In 1877 the Rev. J. R. Selwyn was consecrated second Bishop, and In 1892 resigned, after a long illness. In 1891 the Rev. Cecil Wilson, the present Bishop, was consecrated. There are now 122 schools on twenty- six different Islands. Many other islands are visited, but as yet have no schools. The mission numbers 8929 bap- tised native Christians, and 12,000 more are under instruction. Adult baptisms number about 500 every year. There are 8000 Melanesian labourers in Queens- land and 2000 in Fiji. Before crossing to Australia, Bishop Wilson had been in New Zealand, where he had been taking round some twenty- two "boys" from the college of the mis- sion, at Norfolk Island, partly to educate them, partly to show the New Zealand people what Melanesians were like, and partly to stir up interest in the work of the mission. He had brought them over in the mission steamer, the Southern Cross. The mission field of Melanesia, he explained, extends from the New Hebrides up to the Solomons. Beyond that there is practically no limit north- wards to the islands given over to Bishop Selwyn originally by his letters patent and now forming the field for the Melan- esian Mission. The farthest point now touched is Ysabel; beyond that are the large islands of New Georgia, Bougain- ville, and Choiseul, which are being visited as opportunities allow, with the hope of their being included in the sphere of regular work so soon as they have men in sufficient numbers. There are also many other Islands at present un- touched — namely, Vanikoro, Tupua, and the Duff Group. There is, however, a kind of unwrit- ten compact between the different reli- gious bodies as to the regions in which they shall work. The London Mis- sionary Society, for instance, works generally in the Western Pacific, the Wesleyans in the Fijis, the Presbyte- rians in the Southern New Hebrides, and the Roman Catholics in the Loyalty Islands. The Melanesian Mis- sion therefore does not interfere in any of these fields, and its own field is not encroached upon by the others. Alto- gether the Bishop has about thirty is- lands within his diocese, but the work of Christianisation is only being car- ried on in about twenty-six at the pre- sent time. The population of these is- lands, varying from 36 to 40,000, is esti- mated at 150,610. The total number of natives baptised Is 8929, confirmed 1111, and under instruction 12,183. The schools established number 126, and there are altogether about 400 teachers. TRAINING THE YOUNG PEOPLE. "Our system," said Bishop Wilson, "is to go round the islands in the Southern Cross, and pick up boys of about 12 years of age. If they are willing to come we carry them off to Norfolk Is- land and give them eight or ten years training at St. Barnabas's College. We teach them reading, writing, and arith- metic, and of course Christian religion, and when a boy has been there eight or ten years he knows his New Testament and Prayer Book, and he is able to go back and teach his own people in their own dialect. We do not teach them in English. We have taken one language to be the lingua franca — that of the is- land of Mota. This the boys learn in about three months, and when they go back to their islands they are able to teach their fellow countrymen in their own dialects. We have working amongst the islands 395 who have passed through this course or training, and there are 120 schools, with over 12,000 scholars attending them. The Southern Cross makes three voyages in the year, picking up the boys and their wives, where they have any, and give them four or five years training. We let the boys go home every two years for a holiday, and generally arrange to have three boys as teachers at every school. There are only twelve white men work- ing the mission, and they travel round and superintend what is being done. Old Bishop Selwyn, who started the work, said that the work should be done "with a black net with white corks," so that it is really a native mis- sion to natives, with white men super- intending. Is the training you give the natives, I inquired, purely literary and reli- gious? — Oh, no, replied the Bishop. We have 1100 acres of land at Norfolk Island, and this is cultivated. When the morning school is over, at half-past 9 o'clock, most of the boys go for three hours' work on the farm. Some of them go to the printing office; some to the kitchen to cook for the rest; and some to wash the clothes. In addition to that, we are beginning now to teach them carpentering. When they return to their islands do you find that they put the practical or manual part of their training to use ? Yes, but they have little time to do more than teach. Of course they have to do their own gardening, and what they have learned helps them to do It. PERMANENCY OF EFFECTS. Do you find that the training given has a permanent influence on the islan- ders ? — Yes. They scarcely ever give us any trouble. When I went round last year I saw pretty well all of the 400 teachers, and there were only three who had fallen away. It is quite a mistake to imagine that these natives are backboneless, and cannot stand outward pressure. When they have been thoroughly Christianised — when they have been really impressed with the Christian stamp, as they are after eight years training at Norfolk Island they stand far better than white men. The South Sea Island native is capable of making a first-rate Christian, and not a very poor Christian, as people seem to imagine in Queensland. We find that the Queensland Christian Kanaka when he goes back very often throws his Christianity aside. He says the white man's religion is a good thing in the white man's country, because it keeps him from prison, from drink, and bad ways, but he does not want it there. There is no drink, no prison, and no bad ways there. This shows that the impression made upon him here is a very slight one indeed. The effect of the training at Norfolk Island is en- tirely different. When a man has been so deeply impressed with Christianity as he is there, he does not throw away his religion. He is a far better Christian than most white people. He is really an educated man, and has come to believe in God as much in the islands as in the white man's country. In the old days he believed profoundly in charms and ghosts, and now he believes as profoundly in God and Christ. In New Zealand everyone was very kind, and one boy in particular was very much impressed by their goodness. He asked me, "Are there any heathens in New Zealand?" I replied, "I daresay there are not many who call themselves heathens, but there are a great many prodigal sons," and the boy was aston- ished. He thought one or two might be, but that many should quite aston- ished him. These Islanders are very susceptible to religious impressions are they not? — They are very susceptible to religious impressions, and if you impress religion deeply upon them, it will make them strong Christians, and they will be able to teach their own people and impress them with the Christian stamp too, so that an island with a good teacher will entirely alter its character. An in- stance of this is afforded by the island of Florida, which in 1880 was one of the worst of the Solomons. Lieutenant Bower, of H.M.S. Sandfly, was killed here, and the Dancing Wave and other trading ships were cut out as well. This is a Christian island now, and it owes its Christianity largely to a native boy who went through all kinds of perse- cutlon. Take another case — the Malata or Malayta Island. This is almost the largest of the Eastern Solomon Islands. It has the reputation of containing the fiercest cannibals in the Pacific. Bishop Patteson brought away Joe Wate from Saa to Norfolk Island. Returning home, he started a small school in 1878. Much opposed by the heathen it was cursed and closed for a time, but re- opened a few miles farther on at Aulu. Another small school at Port Adam struggled on till the teachers had to flee for their lives, and the scholars were scattered. Many Malata people have gone to Queensland and Fiji as labourers, and some of these having come under Christian influences, are re- turning full of zeal for the evangelisa- tion of their countrymen. INFLUENCE OF TRADERS. Do you meet with great hostility in what may be termed the wild Islands? — Yes. Hostility very often arises from the traders telling the chiefs that if they have mis- sionary boys there they will lose their power, and will be chiefs no longer. In that way the traders very often keep out civilisation and Chris- tianity from the islands. And then the native is only too inclined to believe that every disease and malady comes from the school, and the traders working on this the natives are hostile to the school at first, but not after a time. At the island of Ulawa they opposed us tooth and nail. Bishop Patteson, however, brought away Walter Waaro as the first scholar, and in 1879 he returned home and started a school. His friend. Clement Marau, of Merlav, Banks Islands, joined him, and married and settled there. After much opposition three schools were established, and are doing good work. It was, however, three years before they made a single convert, but now after eleven years half Ulawa is Christianised, and the heathens all round try to live on the Christian side. The heathens on their side told us last year that the school had done so much good that if we would give them back a certain teacher they would all come to the school. We have got in one teacher at Guadalcanar, which is the largest and finest Island in the Melan- esian Mission, and has a population of 30,000. The teacher is the only known Christian on the island, though thou- sands of the natives have been to Queens- land. QUEENSLAND AND THE LABOUR TRADE. I understand that one of the objects of your visit is to see if more cannot be done for the Christianisation of the Kanaka when he comes to Queensland? — Yes; one of the reasons I have come here is that I wish to see if Queensland — a Christian country, cannot give these boys a deeper impression of Christianity — and give them some teaching. If I can I am going to send one of our best men to work in Queensland — a man who knows the Kanaka thoroughly, and I wish to see if some plan cannot be de- vised for giving the islanders a more thoroughly Christian teaching while they are here. The results of what has been done in that direction yet are not good. Very little permanent impression has been made. I believe that out of the 400 teachers we have only two are return labourers from Queensland. As a rule the return islanders have seen white men's vices, and they go back worse than ever. As a rule men who have been here do not do their islands good, but harm, and I would not say the labour traffic is a hopelessly bad thing. I think it might be an exceedingly good thing. It must be a good thing for those boys to see work done in an orderly fashion. It must be a good thing for those boys to see a civilised country, and it must be a good thing for them to see a country which is under Christian influence at any rate. But, unfortunately, they do not carry back with them the civilisa- tion and the Christianity. Instead of returning to do their islands good they carry back the white man's vices, and though a great many of them are called Christians, they do things which no Christian ought to do. They go back to fight and to be cannibals, and kill their children just as they used to do. And if Queensland wants to keep up the Ka- naka traffic — if Queensland continues to find it necessary to have men to work on the sugar plantations, she will have to do more for them. At present she is killing the goose that lays the golden egg. The recruiting ships give no close season to the islands. They carry away any who will come, and some of the islands are becoming quite depopulated. And those who go back return to fight and to follow their old bad ways, and they help to kill off the population. If things are carried on as they are now the traffic must die a natural death; it cannot go on. There ought to be some one who is a sort of island keeper, just as a gamekeeper or some one in charge of a fishing pre- serve, who protects it, so that an is- land in danger of being depopulated will be closed for years. It is not we alone who are depopulating these is- lands. The French carry off the islan- ders to Noumea, and the two together are depopulating the islands. As a general rule, the islanders do not like to go with the French, and I believe it is still harder to get them to go with the Germans. But they are nearly always ready to go on our ships. Some of the islands which I could name ought to be closed against recruiting for ten years. There is one interesting feature of the labour traffic to us at present. If there is an undesirable character in the village they pack him off to Queensland. We had a case in point in the Christianised island of Florida. A man killed his wife, and his fellows were much perplexed at this, imagining that such a thing would not happen when the island became Chris- tianised. When our missionary came to the island they asked him what they were to do. "You tell us," they said, "not to kill him. What do you do in a Christian country if a man kills an- other?" The missionary replied that it might be murder or manslaughter, and he proceeded to inquire into the case. He brought it in as manslaugh- ter, and the people decided that the man could not stay on the island, so I believe they packed him off to a dis- tant island. Even there the people would not keep him, and sent him to Queensland. PROPOSED OPERATIONS IN QUEENSLAND. How do you propose to bring a better influence to bear on the Kanaka in Queensland? — We hope to remedy the present state of affairs by starting a college or something after the pattern of St. Barnabas's, Norfolk Island. To this we will take suitable boys after they have done their three years' work, and give them three, four, or five years training such as they would get at Nor- folk Island. We will then send some of them out to teach their own people in Queensland on the different planta- tions, and some of them down to the islands with the return Kanakas. The trained boys who return to the islands will endeavour to form centres in their own islands to keep up the instruction of those who have begun their Chris- tian teaching here. When do you propose starting this new venture? — I am going about first to see if we can do it. It is a thing in which we do not want to call in the State to help us, but we want to call on all Christian people to help us. Per- sonally I don't see how the State could assist us, because it is a political ques- tion. If the State started schools the planters would call out that they paid their money for the services of the Ka- nakas in the fields, and I suppose the Labour party would cry out against it as well. I am told that the State could not do anything, and I am not very anxious they should. If people who take an interest in the islands and in the coloured races will help us, I be- lieve we can cover all the ground in time. I quite believe that the State Is doing everything in its power for those people, and has their good at heart. I consider the regulations are exceed- ingly good so far as they go, although I know it is very difficult to carry them out. These ships go a long way from home, and there is no Agent-General to keep a general survey of what is going on, and say, where necessary, "There is an island so empty of population you must not go there for ten years." The decline of the population in some of the islands is most serious, and if they are not to be entirely denuded some re- straint must be put on recruiting. Take the island of Lo, for instance. Twenty years ago its population was about 300. At the present time there are not more than 230 people on it. Then there is the island of Santa Cruz. Bishop Patteson called here in 1862, landing seven times. In 1864 his boat was fired on in Graciosa Bay, and Edwin Hobbs and Fisher Young were killed. In 1875 Commodore Goodenough was shot when trying to make friends with the people at Carlisle Bay. In 1880 Wadrokal settled at Nelua, and began school with boys. Mr. Lister-Kaye took charge in 1883, and Mr. Forrest in 1887. The language is specially difficult, and obstacles are great, but the gospel is gaining ground. Here three schools have been estab- lished, 250 natives brought under in- struction, 87 have been baptised, and 20 confirmed. The total population is 40,000. The islanders are an excep- tionally fine race; their men are enor- mous. Experience has shown that they cannot live out of their own country. Immediately they are taken to other places they are attacked by tubercu- losis, and die off rapidly. EFFECT OF MISSIONS ON POPU- LATION. Have you found that the civilisation and Christianisation of these islands has tended to decrease the population? — No, quite the contrary. In the Chris- tianised islands, such as the Banks Is- lands, nine in number, the population, but for the traffic, would increase — the villages are full of little children. We teach the natives to be decent, and nothing more. We do not encourage the wearing of clothing beyond the loin belt. Our Melanesians have never worn boots. No doubt the introduction of clothing would be detrimental to the health of the natives, and we do not seek to change their habits in this respect. The mortality in Christianised centres is very much less than in the heathen islands. RELATIONS WITH CIVILISED COUNTRIES. What li the position of these islands now with regard to civilised nations? — At present the Solomon islands are under a kind of protectorate by England. The Hebrides are under the dual protec- torate of France and England, and there we see the French selling arms and grog to the natives, and the English for- bidding both. The other Islands are under nobody. It would be an enor- mous advantage to have some sort of British protectorate over the whole of them. Sir John Thurston, the High Commissioner for the Western Pacific, is also High Commissioner of the Solo- mon Islands, and he was down there not long ago for three months. While he was there he gave chase to three vessels selling arms. One French vessel paid off her labourers from Noumea in rifles, and French ships are recruiting labourers at Santa Cruz with rifles. What do you think will be the future of these islands? — Of course we know the white man is bound to go there some time, but we want to prepare the natives as far as possible to stand the change when it comes. There are very fine races here, capable of civilisation, and it is not right that they should be sacrificed merely to make money for while people. I may mention that in the island of Florida the natives have a regular Par- liament. Representatives are sent to it from all the villages, and this legislative body governs their local affairs. At the close of the interview Bishop Wilson stated that he proposed visiting Bundaberg, Townsville, and Mackay for the purpose of making himself com- pletely acquainted with the condition of the Kanakas in Queensland, and enlist- ing the support of the planters in the work of the mission. Tumblers of nearly the same shape and dimensions as those employed to-day have been found in great numbers in Pompeii. They were of gold, silver, glass, agate, marble, and other semi-precious stones. 