FABMING RESOURCES, LAST week we gave, AT some length, the very instructive and suggestive lecture which Mr John Hotson delivered a iev days previously in Melbourne oa die " Frozen Meat Trade, its history and prospects." Mr Qotson insisted tbat the frozfin uwat trade: is a question of at k-ast us much importance to the small farmvr bb to the liijr pquutter. Said lie,— " Where Victoria'lias the- advantage over the rest of Australia is that it is especially favourable to fattening, and that lucerne aud artificial grasscH, and even root crops in places,, can , bu grown here more readily than in any part of llie continent. It isadmitted on all side is New Zealand that the elass who have benefited most in that colony by the frozen moat .trade are the small farmers. Jt is .going too tar to assert that they have given up growing wheat, though there has been a slight reduction in the quantity of land put under the cereal. What haa happened is that the fanner who <vas absolutely dependent on Ins wheat crop now no longer puts nil his eggs into one basket. Be looks even more to his fat sheep than to the grain market. The advantages of this nnxed fanning are enormous. To begin with, the {and . is enriched instead of being worn out, ncd a small block goes twioe as far us it used to Then again, the risk of the fanner's specu lation is reduced bv one half. Jf tin. grain market happens to be had, or his crop fails, he lion the stock Market to pull luni through." " It seeds no ghost €ome from the grave to tell us this.'' Wc cannot but agree with Mr Hotson -in this matter. JSxpertence everywhere proves the lienclil. darired from mixing grszuijg witji agriculture. Jp New Zealand as in <Jreat Uritaiu the farmers iavo to defend large) v on toot crops to feed and fatten the sheep, and cattle, this Mr Hotson sbowji.can be- well.done in 'Victoria iy mvMS ;of lucerne, .rape, Oape Larloy and-many otlier 4cind of |>rassas. lbere is JIO doubt bat that Victoria is well wluatMl for grasses, and frain, but eron so wo thioL that it might :be TLiy jposeililo lo improve on Air flotaonVsoggpnions. 'ti GrailJint⁣ the farmer gro»s rapt and Jiuseed for Ail pptposes After tie eells jths jieed to the maunfaclurfr, the jarma-bujvBata' fair rpU, ibe oil cake, wjfb ^tch jTe very profitably feeds jus cattle. California we notice from 4ie Sacra ,Bee -that ih^ iarmers liierc in J> Bimilar climate to cami^ve ^Billed -their jtttenbOn 4o grow' pg beet root -foi * «tea« Qti'wonjnp '^-r mew abli* from tho proper oie of his pulp 1 as cutil,' Tiiu S.cramento B. f | Tim value of pulp for beef cattle is well illustralci by a lot of twenty steers, as tliey nould average tlm Ari/onn rang', which Mr Gird put. in u corrnl, or *tockvi»rd ; on i the mil of JVmnh'.'r, JS'.tJ, f.-.-din^'' th^ni about seventy P«U»<!K ot pulp p^r day each, and illicit, tiw pounds f liuv, hay biin^ fid limply io ^ive theiu a cud. When pUi-ed in the corral they weighed 4'3,405 pouiidH. ,\fter forty-eight dayb tlit-y were ag.iin Weighed mid tliey 1)ad gained 2.CC0 pounds, 133 pounds p>'r head. A great number of tents show a gain from 100 to SGO pounds a month." Mr Gird is evidently not one of ilionfarmer* who is satisfied to 1 let well enongh alone,' for aays the Bee,—' l'lii* year (1894) Mr Gird built a silo capaide of holding 20,000 pounds of pulp. It is cimply an immense trench in the ground, sixty feel wide, and ten feel deep, 500 feet long. Over this he runs a railroad track, and cars are loaded nt the factory automatically us the pulp leaves the didusers, and then run down to the silo and dump. This silo is drained by tiles laid underneath to carry.off the moisture that accumulsti's. The pulp soon settles end solidifies int.. its natural siloed condition. They ar taking it out and feeding it now, and it seemed to cut like cheese and looked very much like soft cluy. This IWB been tested now, so it is safe to calculate better results from the siloed pulp than'wben fed direct trow the mill. You can ke -p it from year to year. When the pulp is laid away they sprinkle salt among it and the cattle will cat it as readily as they would corn mush. The feed improves rather than loses any of its virtue, for at least a year after it is siloed." Mr Gird appears to have good and increasing reason for the faith that is in him as to the merits of this beet pulp ensilage. We are told that he has from 500 to 700 head of cattle in hie corrals or blockyards all the time, and that it itvery easy to discover the effects of this feed by examining the cattle and the time they have being eating this pulp. The worst old Arizona cows will, in from sixty to ninety days, make good beef. He makes no effort to sell these cattle; buyers come here and take them by the corral and pay I cent more por pound th&n; they do tor any other way. They claim that pulp-fed cattle make a firmer, more tender and bctter-colorcd beef." The beet-pulp ensilage is equally good for sheep, and we learn that the raw bists Willi the tops are worth Ss a top in lfce field for food for pigs, lii ing equal to com feed for them, if in these times of depression the Government would only come to the assistance of the farmer is establish' ing in suitable places like Kagambie beet-root sugar- factories and tbea tilings would hum again and the present depression would pass away, und would only be remembered as a horrid nightmare. At the- meeting of the Coulburs' Shire Council on Tuesday last a letter was read from M r .T. Woodcock, contractor for the J&itchclslowa; Bridge, in which, inter alia, be said the eliire engineer (Mr Feuuelly) would not allow hiui more than LI SOS 4a 3d, leaving a difference of ISIG 15s. A letter was also received from bis solicitor, reqwistiHg that copies of the contract aud conditions be forwarded without delay, failing which proceedings would be taken io compel delivery. Also askiug for iiauiect council's solicitor, who would accept serviee of a writ on its bcfealf. The secretary stated he iiad complied with the latter request, hut had heard nothing further in the matter* Mr H oo lcock sra attendance to see if A eettlement could bq come to, and it was decided to hear the engineer and contractor in committee- This was done, and after some time had been spent iu hearing both gcutlemeu couuoillon doculod to lewje them together to see if a settlement could be arrived at- . fttotliuif was done, however, the engineer retaang ta allow the sum ofl£10 15s charged b; the contractor for extr*». Tticru the matter remains at present. Moodic M 4 Pherson, too of Mrs ^J'Phej. am, of Tabi Ik, met with ja various accident wfcilktout tiding one day this week. He had Ijeen bathing m the rarer, an! was retursiog home, wlxm the jimmal abied frnd foil on liim. fie was taken to tiis mother* residence in an wieonscionc condition, and on examination it was found be Jiad AUsUined concussion of tiw 4>raiu and injury to the body. Oo enquiry yesterday we leVret that ie -waa jirogremiiij, U»or- • At Tuesday!* meeting of tlie Oonlburn Shirt Council itwas.decided to jdiscontintte: ttlie Jiayment of the hongs of fi> Jiqrecalp for i fox destruction. ijThis action was taken iji •esnKquenoe of ^he^thy abown Ay some of Ob neighborly jjbbw jo 4ealh® peat < ^ n l t W U | M r i « OooJaguyey VvwliJiivpm, Gorman, and J tin city refrigerating works, Flindcr-street, Missive. He pointed ont that tho council had been put to considerable expense erecting the works, and urged that, having regard to the outlay, tho renlal charged was reasonable. Mr Tavenier replied tbat the emnu-il hod practically cot the land on which the huihiii.iM ft-ere crecicl front the for nolhing, ami tlintas the export of frozen produce was a national undertaking which, if successful, would grcitly bum fii Melbourne the council ehouM grant the department the accommodation at a i-educedreiital,ebpociatIv as the department was now conducting tho frceaing connectcd with the export trade at a loss. Mr Clayton intimated that the chaii - man of tho market committee would wait on the Minister concerning the matter. In view of recent paragraphs about heavy cattle reared iu thi* district, the following ft' 1 'ill the Adelaide Observer is of interest :— The Maik Lane Kipress recently gave an illustration of the heaviest- builock in J-'ng. land, the prise-laker at the Smithfielil Fat Stock Show, and atated that its weight was 24 cwt 2 qis 16 lb A Melbourne journal referring to this gare en illustration of the builock winch took tlie firac prize at tlie Melbourne Show, and stated that its live weight was 25 cwt., aud the weight when dressed 1725 Ik But both the first aud second prize bullocks at the Adelaide Shoiv last September coroparefuvot-ablj' teilh these records. AB we stated at the time, the first prise bullock's weight was 27 cwt 0 qrs 19 lb, and when dressed it scaled 1092 lb, and the second bullock went 25 cwt 1 qr 17 lb. The Australasian says :—At the Boardroom of the Department of Agriculture wc noticed some splendid samples of sunflowers and fodder plantB, ' £rowu at the Dookie Agricultural College. The euuflowcra measored Ifijin. across the seed-bearing disc aud 20iu. in diameter from petal to petal. The bioonr corn, an excellent sample about Olt. high, showed good fibre g i d O for brooin-uiakiug purposes. Besides tlie above samples are fine samples of Jersus- Icm, corn Dhout-a or Egyptian corn, amber cane, maize, and Egyptian millet. The last fodder seems to Ue a very Inxuriant grower, giving au abit..: .ace of succulent leaves. We learn tbat the coeds wcresoiru iu drills 311. Gin. apart, no manure being applied The soil was kept stirred be. ta-een the drills, the cultivation bting kept up until prevented by the growth of theplanU. Tlie principal, Mr Pye, the stalls and students must be congratulated on t K-ir successful effrrts. In these days of gene ai depression,, when farmeis hardly kuow whit to do make enough to' live upon, tlie following paragraph, taken froui tlie Kmnurkali Staudard, will be read with iuterest :— "Mr J. S. Idortimor,. 'Llewellyn,' ICaluuga, has been one of ;hc most gucocssful grarien iu this- district, and thanks to tlie enterprise he is shun ing in the matter of cxportiug fiozeir mutton to England, there is every probability of bh retaining his position' of sujieriority. Hi* proGte from sheep' alone fur the last twelve months have been £500, equal to 10s por acre of the Whole farm of 1000 aft-ci. He lias sold high-das* rams, inutton,-wool and fat, and it waa from these sources he reaped bis profits. He has also been a veiy successfnt farmer iff die grain growing branches of the industry, which fact he ascribes mainly to the fertilising aud cleansing Jcflaences of the sheep ran -on the farm. His crops of wheat and -bailey Meraged five bags t» the acre all round. He has 500 bags of barley in band, also aqaantity of wheat and oate, which latter he intends to use-principally for topping up his Sheep for export," The regatta: committee will meet at the Valley hotel this evening, at half-put eight. i Mr J. JTaefeer, secretary Kagoinbie Tart Club, desnes to acknowledge with thanks a donation of L2 Ss from Mr W, Graltau, M.L.A., toHuds thefuuds. 