THE NEW PASTOR OF HOBART] . TABERNACLE. A "welcome" tea, followed by a public meeting, in connection with the arrival of the Rev. M. Cumming, the new minister, was held at the Hobart Baptist Tabernacle yesterday evening. The church was beautifully decorated with evergreens and flowers, and they had a crowded tea meeting, 'The new minister is a colonial, being a native of Adelaide. He left that city to enter Spurgeon's College, and after going through his course there, he of the pastorate of a London church for three years, after which he had a call to Bury St, Edmunds in England, where he has ministered for 14 years. He is yet a young man, and it is hoped the ministers of the other churches will not feel jealous when it is stated that he is a very fine, handsome man-the best-looking of all of them. After tea, which was served in the schoolroom, the church was filled with people for the public meeting. Mr. J. T. Soundy presided supported by ministers of various denominations. In opening the meeting, the CHAIRMAN said that their new minister had not come for the sake of a sad, and for this he was sure they appreciated him all the more. Mr. Greenlaw on behalf of the church, Mr. Sidwell for the Christian Endeavour (who presented him with a Christian Endeavour motto), Mr. Cato for the Sunday school, and Mr. Fagg, representing the Tra at Society, stepped on to the platform and welcomed Mr. Cumming. Rev. E. VAUGHAN, Vice-President of the Tasmanian Baptist Union, on behalf of the President, Mr Gibson, of Scone, who was unable to attend, and the Baptist Union, also welcomed the new pastor. The speaker had been associated with him in the old country, and they knew he was a tried man, or, as The Mercury had said, I " A pastor up to date." (Applause.) Rev. W. HIDDLESTONE, of Sydney, re- joiced in the Church's rejoicings. There were many ministers of broad theology, but he was glad to learn that Mr. Cumming would uphold the truth and nothing but the truth. Rev. J. H. TUCKFIELD (Wesleyan) said there was plenty of religious work to do in the city. The Baptists had succeeded admirably in Tasmania, and were increasing in numbers. Among the churches in Tasmania nominally there was an inequality in numbers, but in real strength they were fairly equal. Rev. I K. MCINTYRE (Presbyterian) welcomed the new pastor on behalf of the Ministers' Association, hoping he would be a source of increased strength to its forces. He also attended to welcome the new pastor on behalf of the Church of Scotland. He appealed to them to stand by Mr. Cumming (Applause.) He was possessed of information by which he could say that they had not only a good pastor but also a good pastor's wife (applause.) Rev. G. W. SHARP (Congregational) offered his felicitations on behalf of his church. Rev. C. H. TALBOT (Chalmers Free Church) in speaking said he was perfectly satisfied that Mrs. Cumming would also help on the work, He appealed to the Church and congregation to rally round their new minister and his wife. He assured Mr. Cumming that he had come to a warm-hearted people. Rev. J. T, Piercey (Primitive Methodist), Rev. Mr. Donovan (Christians' Chapel), Mr. Fred. Ball (Kvaogeliit, London), and the Rev. H. Wood (Launceston) also spoke. Rev. M. CUMMING then delivered a really eloquent address, and was received with enthusiastic applause. He assured the other ministers of churches present that be wished' to be MR earnest comrade in arms with them. He was proud of being colonial born, and rejoiced to be called to minister among a colonial people. (Applause.) They must give himself and wife time to know and understand one another. It was a painful wrench to say "good-bye" to the old country after so many years in it but both he and his wife could make a home wherever be found loving hearts, or wherever was planted Christ's flag. He came as their pastor, and not as a priest all were priests who were believers. He trusted he should prove their friend as well as their pastor, being wishful to share in their sorrows as well as in their joys, The members of the Church and congregation, however, should remember that the pastor and deacons were not QinuUcieut, or knew without being informed that sickness was in their houses. On the spiritual side, he hoped to be able to lead' them. The main business was to preash and cling to the truth, and to what Rowland Hill called " the three r'«."/ He did not believe in divorcing the secular from the sacred. He came to them also as a prophet and a teacher, believing in the Holy Ghost and the golden days tongues." He was glad as a colonial we come to minister in this MP's"' at a"" *>p>ewhat depressed at present. commercially, but they maaf'BOt be discouraged on that account and think that God had forgotten them.' He pleaded with them to look at the , b>Sbt'«id«il things. for that breathe the ? US after, s01;,sWî*^.':»^rW«*H_.» is awake as ^hiúHñU^Mmf-MMtai Church' might be earnest and thorough. On his part he would endeavour to help old and young, and they in turn would help him, j (Applause.) 