SPORTING. BT ' ACODB'S QHOBT' A general meeting of the Narandera Bioyole Club was held at M'Craoken's New Junotion Hotel on Wednesday, when steps were taken to resuscitate tho club. Among those present were Messrs H. Poole, W. Rico, F. Thomor, W. Lees, H. Lee?, W. Hansen, J. H. Toohey, T. H. Sherlock. P. Sullivan andW. Human. Mr Thomas Was TOted to the chair ftnii nitat* nmnn intrn. duotory remarks, it was nnsnimonsly de cided to revive the club under its former name. Office bearers were elected as follows: — Presi- dent, Mr J. W. Lees, J.P., ; Vioe-Presidents, MesBra A. Jacobs and J. 0. Lees ;. Treasurer, MrG. Hannan; Secretary, Mr W. Hansen, who was also elected Captain ; Sub- oaptain, . Mr P. Sullivan. The enrolling of members is proceeding satisfactorily and in order that arrangements might be made for the forma tion of a bicycle track the meeting; was ad journed till Wednesday (to-morrow). The ruling passion strong even in school. A Caulfied pupil' (says ' Woomem' in the 'Australasian*') was being examined a few days ago in history lessons, and the inspector said, ' You have read the word 'autonomy.1 / Now, what is autonomy J' ' Well, I aint very sure, Sir,' said the intelligent lad, ' bat I think he's one of the Sydney horses by Chester— Av.eline.' The racing pony, Kitty, who it will be remembered was sent to Melbourne, some four years ago, after winning a pony race, and of whom great deeds were expected, has, I hear, returned, minus the laurels she was sent in pursuit ot.. Old Mazurka, is running well in the steeplechase events around Melbourne. Mr T. Uphill denies the report that he has bought Saddle Up, the half brother to.Jfl. To-day all the yearling nominations for classical events are to be put in, also Mel bourne and GaulBeld nominations. AUsop's stable has won tlic Birthday Eandioap febree years insuccession. Ontario has had very bad luck in the last three steeplechases at Rand wick (says a Sydney writer). In the two at the A.J.C. sieeting last month his chance was -spoiled flll Anr*1i mvnainn llw hftrean foiling. ??* f«.n«t aF him, and at the- Birthday meeting he was unable to.take off at the first of the treble the second time round owing to getting on to avery slippery patch auH fairly sliding into the fence. What a wonderful pony Pickles is ! Walwa is one of the fastest iiorees in Aus tralia, and to look at him beside Pickles one would thiok it impossible (says 'Terlinga') for weight to bring them together, but the little fellow went .up. to his big rival before leaching the turn, aud took his uieasure in double-quick time. Unlike some of the. ponies we see running, Pickles looks not more than 14.1, -but he is a wonderfully shaperl one, and I am told his gallop before the race was about the best ever seen at Caulficld over five furlongs. The Mechanics Football Club journeyed i to Grong Grong on Saturday, meetinar the local club on their ground. 'The match was the first of the competition for the Hogan. trophy. Stead captained the visitors, while Duthroe led the home team; the first named won the toss, and decided to- kick ?with- the wind. The- match, which was evenly contested throughout, resulted in * favor-of the Mechanics by three goals (? be kinde to two goals three behinds. Tue team to represent the Union Football Club against the Mechanics on Saturday next will be pioked from the following: — S. Lnnghan, C. (Smith, Pcarce (2), G, Kisby, Cooper, J. Ly ch, F. O'Keefe, Jjaldw n, J. Holt, Healey, Little (2), G, I-ow.-, Gordon, E. Wilier, Jamieson, B. Mnlholl nd, A. O'Leary, O. Hart, S. Johnson. Doyle, P. Green, M. Shaw, J. Mnlcahey, P. H.nricks, 3\ Malcolm. W. Lees,; G. Newman, T. Madigan, W. Hansen, P. SuUivau, C. Davis, W. Patrick. Virtue won the 14.1 handicap at Kensing ton on Thursday last. 