, I Short Trip from Home to the Holy Land, in 1893. ! REV. J. SHERIDAN, ( Continued.) The Jordan. But wo mast leave- the Dead Sea, ah inexhaustable subject and one which iwijl throughout all time excite the iutereat and wonder of Christendom. We mounted our old broken-down nags, and for once throughout nay tour I had a long gallop side by side with my faithful dragoman. The old Turk and his gun were already some long way ahead of us. We soon over took him and had to take our places soma short distance behind, This once-fertile plain is all barren, uncultivated, and unfruit ful. Here we met some Germans . who were staying in- our hotel in Jerusalem. They were going the contrary direction to us. We passed over strata of bituminous substance, mixed with saline incrustations, samples of which I took with me to satisfy the curiosity of Penrith friends. After a long heavy ride through . low scrub and stunted brushwood we arrived on the banks of the sacred river." Our first move was to unpaok our lunch and prepare for a long rest. Soon I observed the muleteer some short distance playing with the fish. They came close to the bank in shoals of all sizes, fighting for the crumbs thrown amongst them. I never saw anything like it. We tried to kill them with Bticks, but they were too quick for us. Had we only a hook and line we could have taken dozens of them home with us. Perhaps among them we might be so fortunate as to hook a St. John's fish, so highly prized all the world over. It is protected by a large shell, on which is engraved by the hand of Nature's artist a perfect portrait of the baptism of Christ by St. John. There was none within reach when I was there, but a certain gentleman, to whom I was speaking a lew days ago, told me he purchased one in Jericho at the exorbitant' co«it of ten or twelve shillings. Iii course of oar stay I was- told that I should strip and bathe in the river. The day was miserable and cold in April. I thought one bathe in the day was quite enough for any civilized man; and henoe I refused to submit to the custom of the place. By a little manoeuvring I was enabled to enjoy a partial ablution from the passing waters which, under existing ciroumstanoes, I deemed quite sufficient. Here, then, I found myself on the same spot where the Israelites, to the number of two or three millions, crossed on dry footing into the Land of Promise some 8846 years ago. I must direct my readers to the third chapter of the Book of Josue for tlq,e full account of this miraoulous passage over the dry bed of the river into the Land of Promise 14, "So the people went out of their "tents to pass over the Jordan, and th& priests that carried the Ark of the Covenant went on before them. 15\. " And as soon as they came into the Jordan and their feet were dipped in part of the water (now, the .Jordan, it being harvest-time, had filled the banks of the channel), 16* "The waters that came down from above stood in one plaoe.and, swelling up like a mountain, were seen afar off from the city that is called Adom to the place of Sarthan, but those that wore beneath ran down into the sea of the wilderness, which is now called the Dead Sea, until they wholly failed. 17\. " And the people marched: over against Jericho, and the priests that carried the Ark of the Covenant of . .the Lord stood girded upon the dry ground in the midst of the Jordan, ,and all the people passed through the channel that was dried up." Chapter IV 17\. " And Josue said,' Come ye up out of the Jordan.' 18\. " And when they that carried the Ark of the Covenant*of the* Lord were oome up and began to tread on the dry ground, the waters returned into the channel and ran as they were wont before/' Whero is the Christian heart that could remain unmovecl whilst on those banks contemplating such astounding and miracu lous records of the past? Still thero is nothing bordering on the mysterious, or in the remotest degree savoring of miraculous about the look of Jordan now. It reminded ! me very much of our own Nepean when swollen by the mountain torrents in the [ rainy season. It was of muoh the same color, width, and velocity. Its banks are bordered with oleander, tamarind willows and; reeds. They form a jungle, in which the leopard and wild boar find shelter, in company with the wandering nomad, and await their unwary prey. How could I otherwise feel than over whelmed with the thought of the wonders and ..miracles once wrought just close to where I then was camped. Before me the lofty summit of Nebo almost seemed to reach the clouds. There I descried the spot where Moses was commanded by the Lord to cast his eyes over the Land of Oanaan. "This is the beautiful country," said He, " which I swore to Abraham, Isaac and Jacob, to bestow on their posterity. I am about to fulfil My promises, but you shall not enter it." j Moses, who was then strong and healthy and knew nothing of the infirmities of old age, went aside with Eleazer and Josue and delivered up, his soul to G-od and his body to them for tiurial. What wonder that his sudden deiniso caused, lamentations and weeping among the camps of Israel now within sight of the long promised land 1 The scene has been so graphically pourtrayed by Erin's National poet that I cannot refrain from giving his words : - " Weep, weep for him the man of God In yonder vale he sank to.re9t, But none on earth can point the sod, That flowers above hissacred breast. Remember ye his parting gaze, His farewell song by Jordan's tide, When full of glory and of days He saw the promised land and died." Immediately opposite I pictured to my self some , two or more. millions of human beings camped in order to, make necessary preparations for taking.forrnal possession of the country promisedto their fathers. I could fancy I saw the sudden stoppage of the furious waters-the mountainous accumulation of the torrent-the priests .with the Ark standing on the bot tom of the river-the dry bed, as far as the eye could reach down for miles, to the Dead Sea-the 600,000 armed men advancing in two columns in perfect order -the hundreds of thousands of women and children that crept down the banks on one side and scrambled up the other-the priests last of all bearing the Ark ascending I the banks, and the mountainous liquid i returning to its bed and continuing its coarse. I could well imagine their thanksgiving, for this signal miracle added to the many others that went before. .. .Nor could I forget the circumstances connected with the crossing of this same river by the prophet Elias about 2815 years ago, as recorded in the second chapter of the Fourth Book of Kings, when a similar miracle occurred at this same place. The holy man, accompanied by the prophet Eliseus, came to this spot from Jericho.._ Fifty sons of the.prophets followed them at a distance, and when the two stood on the banks of the Jordan 8\. " Elias took his mantle and folded it together' and struok the wators, and they were divided hither and thither, and they both passed over on dry land. 9\. " And when they were gone over Elias said to Eliseus, 1 Ask what thou wilt have me to do for thee before I be. taken away from thee," and Eliseus said, ' I beseech that in me may be thy double spirit.' 11\. " And, as they went along talking together, behold a" fiery chariot and fiery horses parted them both asunder, and Elias went up by a whirlwind . into Heaven." The hill on which this parting took place is pointed out on the opposite side. I should have much liked >to pay it a visit were it not beset by so many dangers. I remained as I was, quite satisfied that I rested on the spot once sanctified by the footprints of , some of God's moat choseu servants, as well as by the World's Saviour Himself. When Eliseus was left alone the Sacred Text goes on to tell us that 18\. " He took up the mantle of Elias that fell from him, and, going back, he stood on the banks of the Jordan. 14; " And he struck the waters with the mantle of Elias that had fallen from him and they were not divided, and . he said, ' Where is now the God of Elias?' And he struok the waters again and they were- divided hither . and thither and Eliseus passed over." . Here also it was, according to the twenty second chapter of the Book of Josue. that the children o£ Ruben, Gad, and half the tribe of Manasses erected a majestic altar for sacrifices, about three thousand three hundred and thirty seven years ago. The ruins might have been buried beneath" my feet for all.I know, but there is not the smallest trace of them. 10\. 14 And when they were come to'the banks of the Jordan in the land of Canaan, they built an altar immensely great near the Jordan." Though this hallowed spot be rendered dear to every Christian through the associ ation of so many sacred memories, still they are all of minor importance when brought into coriiparison with the initiation of Christianity and Baptism of our Lord, which took place here on Friday, the 6th of January, A.d. 30. It was here, ? according to the third chapter of St. Matthew's Gospel, that all the inhabitants of Jerusalem, Jadea and the country around the Jordan assembled to confess their sins and receive Baptism from the hands of St. John. Here it was that he told them how " the axe/was. laid to the root,'1 and that every one who had not done good works should be c&9t into the fire. . Here it. was he told the multitudes that tboy should do penanoe-that the Kingdom of God was at hand-that the Messiah was coming, the lafccliet of whose shoes he not worthy to looso. Here it was that Jesus appeared amongst the assemblage, having just come from Nazareth to' receive Baptism with the others ; and here it was that on that same occasion the Heavens were opened and the Holy Ghost descended on Christ in the form of a dove, and the Great Eternal was distinctly heard sayiug. " This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased." " On, callous sintiers lf' to the awe-struck crowd The Herald of Measias cried aloud ; '* Ye viprous brood, beware the darkling cloud, Now big with wrath I The Lord of Hosts in ire Is near at hand to bnrn the chalf with fire ! Do penance I boast not Abrahum, your sire. Behold, the axe lay ready at the root; What doth alone luxuriant foliage boot 1 | The fire shall burn the tree that bears not fruit They asked, "Art thou the Christ?" He straight replied, " Not so ; before His face my face I hide, Too great by me to have his shoe untied I I am the voice announced in ancient days ; See in the desert ye make straight His ways The mountains level and the valleys raise Prepare ye for His coming ! He his fan Bears in His hand to separate the bran, And each man's deeds for weal or woe to scan." The call to penance rang distinct and aloud, Wherby the Jordan's waters, earthwards bowed, Wept and confessed their sins a diverse crowd ; Jesus of David's Btem, the promised bud Who, circumcised, began his life in blood, Stood with .the sinners in the rushing flood." -" Christie." When Bishop Arculf visited this Bacred spot in the year 700 a wooden oroaa stood in the river, marking the spot where the Baptism took place. A stone bridge, raised on arches, teached from the bank of the river to the Cross, where people usually went to bath. But there is no trace of eithercross or bridge now. A little church on the bank of the river once marked .the spot where Our Lord left his clothes during the ceremony. But the Infidels have long since plundered and destroyed it, not leaving even a stone upon a stone. Is it any wonder that I should have been completely overwhelmed by all those sacred associations during my too short visit ? Though I might wish to prolong my stay, and linger around this ever memorable and historic spot, still the feeling of loneliness and gloom that everywhere follows one through this desert region bordering: on the Dead Sea gradually overcame ^ my devotional propensities, and I bade' the sacred river a long and a last farewell. {To be Continued.) 