Star Sale. A MARRIAGE OF REASON- CHAPTER ill. Br M. F. Egan. Katharine passed, through many phases of feeling on her journey towards Kenwood. Was the world so wicked as people said ? Was it so delightful as it appeared ? She half- Bhrank from the threshold of it, and yet the thought of it fascinated her. She would not have been young if the prospect of a change was without attraction for her. She would hot have been young if the heroic in life did not seem very near to her. She lost herself in a dr&am;, in which she saw herself / as the benefactress of Mr. and Mrs. Sherwood. They had lost their fortune te^^ta- abjectly poor ; th^^^liti^ifld;^ eft : . Then Katharia^m^ iiprself risk-to tyeOCT cpsion and-^he £id (-Bpfc.sett3je.(in her dream bp "\\#at Bi^kObake them independency .-rich. Her conduct—sjie settled hKhet - " inind, th&t-;, 'she 7 would have many '^ials—wo'utd. -ot course, move their hearSTt&ey;'would become Catholics, and be truly grateful to her. This building of castles in Spain was not encouraged at Our Lady of the Rosary ; but Katharine was out of bounds now, and might be excused for it because of her unusual, exaltation of feetipg., Mr. Sherwood had insisted that Katharine should travel jpith ail possible comforts; sp slie and her chaperon had the drawingroom compartment, of the car, and a luncheon that seemed very luxurious to them.both. It was, delightful to the emancipated schoolgirl to think that she might iiiivq a, " long sleep " every day in the week if she liked., No, getting up at the, sound (of the imperious bell now ! put the anticipation of this indulgence, the value of which can,best be appreciated by the convent s<jhool-girl, faded ap she. fought of poor .little Marin Rodrigues, Petwpen smiles.and' tears day. passed. . .The Sister wjio aceppyjanied her told her, bea^ls, apd Katharine tried to pay attention to her dear friend, the rosary ; (but her attention was so constantly distracted by ^otne ne\y thing that she reproached herselt sometimes fpr her inattention. Finally she put ,the beads away, resolving to, make up for it in her berth when night should come. Sjie heartily, wished, that her uncle had not been so careful other comfoit. She heard voices in the narrow passage tjiat led past the compartment, and she longed. to see who the possessors of them were. It was a great thing to.be in the world, and she wanted to see. its. people. . On the next morning the Sister said oodrbye to her. j She was to meet f nosier Sister, who was . going westward, and to go home with her. Fortunately, station, her before mjnd was she relieved reached, of cerfeijh tremiflous, dbubts—for the Sister this had an old-fashipiied prejudice agajnst girls travelling alone—t>y the entrance Qf £n old gentleman and an, elderly lady. The old geptleman bad a tired Qo)r. - It was.easy to. see that he had eel) I1L, Thje ojid tiflg, on-the con- ,rary ( ^as bright a'n<j gay f ., gke fussed about him, nearly, .smbthpred iiim in | way, and regulated th<>. light carepliy. The Sister wMphed the .couple anxiously, tftroqgb the glass dooc. ; . J believe, that, is and Mrs, £<a;dval," ; she said.:, .'f I wi*h I were Sire, ; I .could .leave, you with a clear conscience if tfliey would look after you.",, ; Itatliarine laughed. "I fancy I shall have to travel alone many time? before I die, Sister. Oh, don't trouble yourself about me. Just meet Sister Teresa and go back, leaving me in charge of your prayers.'.' T hte -Sister Old riot answer. She continued her scrutiny. " tt.is the Percivals." them ir. I tf ay sit *vlth ttem. It Is livelier out there. I really do wauttt>«ee the people,'' After a time the oldJadv rose, and came .towards, the cbmpartment with a giasb In her hand.' " • As she-gjUBftd the door, the Sister rose and said : " Mrs, Perclvpl!" -, , , s The old i&dy; paused, looking surprised. vt,:,, .... "Why, Helen Bnnfort! little Helen, I hardly knew y.qu |p your nun's habit how glad t am to see y.ou !" The old lady's brown eyes fairly .UUOt WMli see Edward, He has been HI,' she said, lowering Foil the pn«t quarter a oentary there bu been one eoi)iinanu« flowot lettore bearlfig testimony to tinonly wonderful cure* effected bv CLARK B'S WORLD KVMF.I) BLOOD JUXTORE/'theflnist Blood Pnrlfiei that science and medical skill lure brought to liglA.-' butToreri from Scrofula, Scurvy. Enema,Jtod Skin and Blood DImkum, Hmplee and &M; of wy nndaroiollcltedtociveit a trial to teat ita value her voice. " He Is no nearer the Church than he was, Helen, when I married him thirty-five years ago. I hope you all pray hard for me at Our Liidy. of the. Rosary." indeed we. do,". paid the Sister. "Will you,let me present Miss O'Conor, one of our pupils ?',' Mrs. Percival became a trifle colder. She looked at Katharine with' a critical eye. Katharine rose and bowed. M,rs. Percival liked her at onice, and, instead of merely shaking han'ds, kissed her on both cheeks. " She Is going to Philadelphia, aftd I must leave her at the next station. Would you be so kind " " Of course," said Mrs. Percival, very heartily, " of course. We are going to Philadelphia, too. Edward and I shall be all the brighter for the presence of a pupil from the old convent. Come, Helen, I hope ,you will let me forget your religious name for a few minutes. It brings. back bid times. Sister and I," she said, turor ing.to Katharine, "were school-girls together. And yet how young she looks !" " tou cannot see my hair," said the Sister, smiling. "If you want to keep young," said Mrs. Percival, "I can give you a cosmetic, my dear—enter a religious community." Katharine laughed softly, and Mr£ Percival, who was a woman of strong prejudices, liked her better than ever; The introductions to Mr. Percival were soon over. It was evident, from his manner that he was a man of prejudices, too. He lookejd with scarcely-concealed dislike at the snowy robe of' the Sister, and turned to Katharine with visible relief on his face'. Katharine, with that sensitive quickness which was part of her temperament, read his thoughts. She pitied him, and then a great dread came over her that she might do or say something that would sharpen his prejudices. She had been warned over and over again at the convent of the immense value of words. " A word is a winged seed," Mother Ursula had often said : " the seed of a flower or of a poisonous weed." , Katharine touched the rosary she had twisted about her wrist, and felt stronger. Mother Ursula might have smiled— with a tear in the smile perhaps—If «he had known how heavily Katharine felt the responsibility of her words. The conversation flagged after the Sister and Katharine settled them- <?elves in the seat opposite to that of the Percivals. Mrs. Percival was evidently somewhat nervous, and her husband uneasy. The Sister's habit was plainly an annoyance to him. At last the humour of the sudden silence seeded to strike Mrs. Percival. " Are you thinking of the Inquisition, Edward ?" and she laughed. The old gentleman looked confused. He had been thinking of the Inquisition. " I wish you wouldn't say such things, Margaret" he said ; " I really wish you wouldn't" Mrs. Percival laughed again, a low, trilling laugh, that brought a smile even^ to her husband's lips. "Come now, Edward—just remember that this is my old Helen Banfort. and ,try to think that her habit is tb' 1 symbol of a life, that is better than ours.,, If she should- produce a thumbscrew, remember that I am here to protect you." . ., ,...!,•,; Mr. Percival laughed In. spite of himself, aha Katharine Jojried 15 it, They were tHands' ftoih that moment She laughed again.. • It Was too furiny to thinK 6f the gentle Sisteir Carm'elita with a tMinb-scfew 1 . if?. t»erfilval imbent a little, and remained that the teefLtis of travelling had imfrrbved. At the s4me time he looked at the serene face of Sister Oarmelita, and wondered what secrets *he might be concealing. Katharine's elqShaftidfr disarmed him. H» ofoly child, a little-girl, had died when >a bfiby. -He asked himself whether she would have grftwn up to foe as fair and good as Katharine looked to be. -La a short time Sister Carmelita wds obliged to go; she had reached her station. Poor Katharine clung to hec to the last and Mr. Percival found his ejes grow somewhat hazy as be watched the parting. At last she went For a long time Mr. Percival did not look at hfer. He kept his eyes fixed, on a book about Mexico he was reading. He was ^ man of almgpt invincible prejudices ; but. when his heart wis touched his prejudices flew away like swallows disturbed. He did not believe in convent educar tion. To be sure, his wife had been convent-bred, but she was an exception. He was of the 6pinion thai girls ought to be brought up to fight the world; he often talked of higher female education, and delighted In discussing the discoveries that might yet be made ta iha^ficlences by . women. MenJIfr oppose!" $ /Sisters or jljps of every description, and he became the.¥roe fieK^y^ftyfcin^18 __ dices from the constant .warfare -wife carried on for them. "Here was a specimen of a convent-school girl, he told to himself, fresh from the bot>' house: he would study, and show his wife through the results of this study, that he was right i , , Mrs- Percival wp.tehed Katharine, too; she felt herself, drawn to the young glrL After awhile, when, Katharine had dropped a tear or two, she spoke: " I imagine you will find kind friends to replace the nuns," she said. " Never," said Katharine—" iiever ! You don't know what they have been to me. I shall count the days until I can get back to the convent again." Mrs. Percival smiled. " I thought so once myself, but I found other interests." . " Ah, no. interests will ever fill my life as the Interests of the convent did !" . , , Mr. Percival, with hi? eyes, fixed on his book, made a mental note of tJjLis for, ,£he confusion of his wife at some future .time; the girl evidently cared nothing for home;,! the Sistere H'ad alienated her affections from her pirent& " Bad ! bad !" lie grunted to himself. Mrs. Percival heard the grunt and felt uncomfortable. " Never mind, my dear," she said, "enjoy the present; you are young, and the. day is pleasant; when you see your mother or father you will forget the nuns." - "I have no mother or father," said Katharine.; " perhaps if I had it would be different; but I have never linown any home but the convent." Mr. Percival looked up from his book. And this girl, who seemed so gentle find graceful, whose every tone was modulated, who attracted him by her well-bred air and sensible face, had " known no home but the convent." He would await developments, however. After all. he was probably deceived by appearances. Mrs. Percival felt that she might possibly add to Katharine's sadness by speaking; she was silent ..The newsboy came through the car with a package of, books. Mr. Percival raised his eyes again; hei would,see what this girl would want ^0 .read; some trash, no doubt The newsboy poised his package ori the arm of Katharine's seat; it was made updf the tisual vile and vulgar stuff, wlifth the law should prohibit Katharine crtfft her eyes over the names of the books; she shrank back from them. • " No, thank you," she said; and then she stopped'him as he was going away. "I wish you would bring me 'The Angel of the House,' by Coventry Patmore. Sister Carmelita recommended It to us," she said, turning to Mrs. Percival. Mr. Percival almost laughed. The verdancy of expecting such a book on a railway train. The newsboy stared. " Never heard of it" he said. " Have Ouida, Daudet Zola's last " "Stop!" said Mr. Percival; "that's enough." The boy passed on. " I have a long list of books which I must read. I am trying to study the social question a little, and I am anxious to get half a dozen books on the subject Mother Ursula encouraged me; she said that one might imitate St.. Elizabeth of Hungary by finding out how to help poor people, by discovering the causes of their poverty^ and how to alleviate it Intelligently." / Mr. Percival smiled. These were strange words from a convent-school girl! V " A-ah," he said, " you have taken tip 1 the idea that women have. missions, too. J didn't think they taught such things in convents." • Katharine looked at him very seriously. " I don't remember that Mother Ursula ever used the word ' mission,' but she taught us that the great thing in life is to help other people, and she reafl to us muph - that tije Count ,de Mun has wj:jtfieri on the social question. She said that esich girl ought to choosfe Bpme special study and work, and I took—" There was a sudden jar. The train came to a standstill. Mr. Percival turned white; there was always in his mind the fear of death. " Had It come ?" he asked himself. His wlffi screamed. Katharine made the sign Of 4he cross. She looked out the window and saw a broken buggy by Jhe roadside, and a little child lying white and Still, It took her only a few decopds to reach the platform and to descend to the ground. She reached the Httle thing before either the conductor of porter could approach It She took It In, her arms. The yellow yinglets, soft and of the colour of the daffodil, were In disorder; the long black lashes covered the eyes; the little heart throbbed, but faintly; the lids lifted a Tin largert 0«nt!emen'( Outfitting Setabllshmart In Helboorue b tliat-of Messrs. Llucolfi, Stuart and Oo/a. Limited, FUndaMHftreet. They mak* tip a moment and revealed soft blue eyes, with a look of appeal in them. The child seemed to be about two years of age, not more. Katharine Saw its colour changing to ashy white, and: bore it into the car. She wag followed by a vtoman, dazedlooking and dishevelled, with a cut on her forehead, from whieh the blood was dripping. Katharine turne4 to her, unheeding the group on the platform, among which were the Percivals. " Was the child baptised?" she asked. " No, no !" moaned the woman. " Oh, my Sweet little girl!" Katharine pushed her way gently to the dressing-case and filled a glass with water. Even Mr. Percival felt his heart thrill With awe as he saw her pour the water on the head of the child, while she clearly pronounced the words, " I baptise you in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost!" The mother of the child burst into sobs, as Katharine gently laid the baby in her arms. The little girl opened her eyes again, smiled at her mother, and gently passed away. " Oh, God bless you!" cried the mother, turning to Katharine—" God bless you ! No, I am not hurt much," she said to the conductor; " I must go home; it is not far !" Katharine gave her a handkerchief and a bottle of cologne, and she went away in charge of one of the railroad hands. The train moved on; but not until the passengers had heard the long, piteous wail of the mother, as she realised that her child was really dead. Mrs. Percival kissed Katharine again, and her husband looked at the girl with new respect. (To be continued.) 