SENSATIONS. ^AtUBOO BAY. (Continued from our last J. (BY Snapdragon.) It whb Sanday morning, and tbe dawn was just breaking. Some of the townspeople were very early risers on Sabbath mornings, and often visited, the jetty before the stars had left the sky, to fish. Mr. Mat Lowther, of the Traveller's Best Hotel, was generally one of the " aarly birds." On this particular morning that gentleman, in company with a young man about twenty, a relative, who had been staying at tbe hotel tho previous night, made his appearance on tbe jetty even earlier tliitf vis Ms wont, Mat, as he was familiarly called, was a rare specimen of the Irish native, and a pretty jovial fellow on the whole. A tall man—a. stout man—and an all round man—he was no chicken" to look >it. He looked as though he eat well, drank well, and enjoyed life. He liked outdoor pastimes, and fishing was one of his fay oil lite hobbies, He generally inado " > ^inipn" SkJfd up the jetty J.^i'lbofel round with a more than :_orclinarily, critical eye, as though he ihalf'fexpectecl to see something. But did he really expect to see what soon met his gaze ? When the two had nearly reached , the. top end Mat jerked himself suddenly back, and pulling his companion with him, shouted, in excited tones, ' \- "Holy St. Patrick! what is that?" pointing with his forefinger at the still inanimate forms of the terror-stricken young women of the previous night. But Mat was not the man to remain in contemplation long to be checked by any unusal sight, so he quickly advanced and stooped over the prostrate \- forms, shouting, "Scissors! Phil, here's a go. Get -some water quick. Use your hat, or anything, but be quick," The young fellow spoken to instantly emptied the fishing-bait out of a billy he had been carrying, and with the aid •of a fishing-line soon hoisted a supply , of water from over the side of the \- jetty. Mat used it unsparingly over the . _ faces of tie insensible girls, and it was not long before symptoms of returning consciousness became visible. \- : Mat, although a big man, was not a dumsy one, and where treatment of the \- gentler sex became a consideration was -eren tender and warm-hearted. Bosides, he was father of a large family, and used no mock modesty on this occasion. .Under his fatherly care they soon re- \- vived and related to him all the incidents of .tbe previous night. \- The strange story did not seem to .alarm himveiy much, although he was \- thoughtful and grave for a few seconds. i-But rousing up, he said to his companion, "ome on, Phil; let us get tbe poor w Aome." 0?s f He infracted Phil to take charge of the youngtSt (Phil lad already made his choice) while lie took.care of her friend, and they were preparing to depart \- "when Mat's quick eye caught sight of "the vial that the goblin bad taken the "-elixir from with which to moisten the lips of its victims previous to its dis- • appearance from the jetty. Mat grasped |t eagerly, .examined it very curiously, . mnd then put some questioning glances : to the young women. But the latter were mystified, and Mat could see that they were utterly ignorant of itB presence. But, strange to'say, during this slight interrogation of their protector's they both felt a tickling of the lips, as though some -•affinity existed between that vial and their mouths. But to spare time and to get the girls to some refuge of comfort, Mat 3>ut the vial carefully away in his pocket for-some other time, and hurried them \- as gently as he could in . the direction of their homes. It was a work of time and much \- fortitude, for the poor things were \- very much distressed, but at last it was accomplished. Of course there was 1 great consternation m the household on their -arrival, and Mat, who disliked *'scenes"gave a few details, made an ' excuse that he was wanted at home, and le and his friend hurried away. But theydidn't go immediately home —they made a divergence in favour of \- the -head quarters of the police, and ~ .told " a plain, unvarnished tale." Those wary people took instant action, \- rousing the neighborhood, and before -the morning Jiad far advanced all Wallaroo ~ was In a fever, of .excitement. now uuthe iand.s' of Vi£he-police, aroused feelings of the most '.profound curiosity. \ Excited- crowds formed themselves • intojgroups and discuBsed the event r. •• J with»4B .-much, *we ^ and reverance as ;•••.• "thbugh the Day of Judgment were at .-.Jiand! " The Traveler's Rest Hotel was in a baccahnals of all .y'fldsgreis—officials,' volunteers for the \- V^tos't hunt, citizens, and strangers of ^sSBveiy shade* •'•fk ""The subject of the Ghost and the j^iali- was uppermost the day through, ^jp^dfliany plans were proposed for tho \- ••t i^iiying or capture of the monster. Local £ <Option was annulled for the (lay, and •S^sveryone drankat his own option. . Tho Af ^Etavollert Best had never done *o "I'iinuch^trado smce it iiad been open, ^nd. •^js'Jttkt Lowther was the liero,_«f the j^y *courier had been despatched to '^^Moonta in the forenoon for the attend-. the great analytical chemist, ^rjWr.-James Jallapj *nd when it was " -Sported 'that he> was in sight crowds f^tro\ft-»Cb"-meet"^iiui, and' escorted iutfenEha town with as muoh. cereitmy dSiliough[.he were' " Monarch of ^ conducted into the : best »rlour v of .the Traveller's Rest, followed fl^j^Mttee-pf the rtown. Immense throngs gathered in the passages, the rooms, bar, and even the yard drinking "fast and furious," waiting in suspense for the result of the analysis. Tho bulletin was a long time before it came out, but at last a trooper pushed his way through the crowd and posted the important document againBt the wall-plate of the hotel. It was eagerly devoured. It was short and pithy, and didn't seem to give satisfaction. It ran thus :— BULLETIN EXTRAORDINARY. [By Command], I, James Jallap, analytical chemist of Moontii and Vorke's Peninsula in general, beg to hand to the properly constituted authorities the result of my caiefol analysis of the vial and contents found in connection •with a mysterious aparition which made its appearance on the jetty during the small hours of Saturday night, as follows :— I find the mysterious Vial to be nothing but an ordinary Gluts Bottle 1 And tbe liquid it contains—32 o.p. Dark J3randy, diluted with iAmejuioe and Bttenee of Peppermint! James .Tailap. It would be impossible to describe t.hc mingled feelings o! surprise, disgust, and disappointment oi the multitude.^ lltlirTjnttipffPf' iln/i iillj and nearly all seemed convinced that they had been wado the victims of a monstrous hoax. Many went so far as to deride the idea of a ghost at alL They began to separate very crestfallen, for they had made up their minds to have a ghost of the greatest magnitude, and now it didn't seem as though any supernatural visitor would ever honor them with its presence. They went to their homes sulky and dissatisfied, and, with few exceptions, did not try to account for the story of the the frightened girls, whose condition even at that time would have convinced them that something unusual had taken place. But it was different with the police and the authorities generally. They felt satisfied there was smoke, and felt it their duty to search for the fire that usually Mows. They had studied " Cause and effect" too often to be misled, so they set about initiating precautionary measures in their own secret and methodical way. The best laid schemes of mice and men" break down before the invincibility of " the foorce," and even ghosts should tremble in their supernatural stockings when the " foorce" is on the war-path. The authorities retired within themselves, and the town assumed its wonted quiet, darkness gathering round in peace. But the night did not puss without an extraordinary commotion and another visitation. (To be continued). 