The Conflict. THE Conservative forces in politics, from, which, proceed constant com plaints of the way in which, a demo cratic Assembly can waste time, have 'banded themselves together to see ?nrTin/f. ilnvtT nan An in +l-inf: 'ctrfl.Tr fnn. They have achieved a notable success. The whole affairs of the country have been thrown into chaos by -what Sir. R. E. O'Connor, who is almost as picturesque an orator as his fellow clansman, Mr. Daniel, calls the cutting of the throat of the Government's financial policy. The old conservative com plaints about , waste of time in the Lower House were to a certain extent very well grounded. The solid interests of the country had a standing grievance that the mem bers of the Assembly, by the nature of their debates - and the Bhifting character of their votes, unsettled business and caused incal culable money loss. The Council in this respect has now surpassed anything that the Assembly could ever do. Already before last night's division merchants were restricting business and withdrawing as little as- they could from bond in order to be able to avsiil themselves of the advantages of Mr. Keid's new Tariff Bill when it Bhould pass into law. This prudence of merchants has -of late had a considerable effect in re ducing the Customs receipts. Had the Council listened to the will of the people as expressed by the people's representatives in the Lower House there would have been a Land Tax and Income Tax to compensate for the permanent reduction of the Customs, and the * settlement of the ' Customs upon a permanent basis would have permitted a re vival of business which would have been felt- beneficially all round. As things are, the Income Tax and the Land Tax are killed for the time being, and the uncertainty as to the tariff is prolonged during the whole time which It^willtake to fight out the quarrel between the two Houses. There has seldom been seen .any thiug more mischievous than that. wMcli- x was exultantly achieved ?Mast night. Even those who have ' ilrifcheriio fceen champions of the Upper, l^hanitjcr aiiust regretfully acknow ledge that, partly because of eelnsn iloitefeste, partly through petty resent |||MJHah; has tit a most critical time' ^^^^HL the maximum . amount ^^^^?ijury . on the country ^^^Bjirge. The obvious -moral ^^^Bdrawn is that ar House which is ^^^Hp ol such freaks should be so ^V wi& a« to be made ^^Rable of repeating them. ^^K3?;is an urgent problem for the ^^?bics of the near future ^B|£;;.r-:*3 ;-:':-all.: . ,/;the';-' anore-. '.iin-'f ^B|aiit that the Council should ^^?lealt with because what has ^^^^ happenbig within the ^^^Hew days reveals the sort of influ ences that have been brought to bear. One now sees the exact value of Sib Henby Pabkes to the Pab^es Dibbs alliance. In the Assembly Sir Henby could only carry over two forlorn '* rats ' to tiie enemy, and, so report has it, got himself rather contemptuously treated by Sir Geqbge Dibbs in consequence. But a large majority of the members of the Legislative Council were originally nominees of Sir Henby Pabkes. Those nominees were very largely men who were chosen for so-called promotion be cause they had fallen behind the march of progress and could no longer secure popular support and consequent elec tion. Sir Henby himself is drifting rapidly towards the attitude of political fossilism, at which bia nominees had already arrived when they were nominated. He finds him self in accord and influential with a great majority of the Council because he has sunk to a position of little or no influence with the Assembly and the people. Can an institution be tolerated which approves and supports a man and a policy all the more thoroughly in proportion as that man and policy are anti-popular, and sup ports them for that reason? Amendment soon is absolutely neces sary. The Council's excuse1 for its conduct, as far as it deems any explanation or excuse called for, is that the Reid financial policy, by its exemptions to the Land and Income Tax, hits only very poor men and rich ones, and so constitutes class legislation ; that the poor man, towards whom the duty on spirits and tobacco is of importance, is hit ; that the rich man is hit by land and income tax, and that the middling man, the little landowner, say in country or suburbs, escapes. This i3 rather a thin excuse. No class has been pressed harder by the banking crises and rtrade depression than people of middling means. The duties, that would re main under the Reid plan would be quite enough burden for them, while the rich would hardly feel these duties at all, and should in equity pay some thing for the opportunities they have had of accumulating, and the protect tion afforded to their accumulations. The Council can hardly disguise its selfishness, and hardly tries to. For I'll be yorirs in death, Although Sir Astley has my heart. Thus, in Thomas Hood's verse, exclaims the ghost of the maiden who has been a victim to the ' resurrection ' men, and who, in a series of rather ghastly anatomical pans, suggests the final treatment which her sad remains have received ^at the hands of the great surgeon of the day. Mr. O'Sullivan, in his place in the Assembly, has raised a question as to whether a practitioner in New South Wales has not carried off a Chinaman's heart, on whom he made a post mortem examination. But perhaps Mr. O'Sullivan's sympathies with respect to the alleged purloining of this heart, -may, after all, have been as superfluously awakened as was his solicitude for the public stomach when he recently hinted that it was being largely regaled with poisoned rabbits. The people of Lawson have set an example wlhich was much needed, and. which, it is to be iioped, will be imiitated in many places besides in New South Wales. They began by forming the. Lawson Progress Committee, from wlifich has been evolved a 'working b&e;' association, the object of wM-ah is to carry out necessary local im provements to roads, paiths, parks, &c.; The difficulty of getting Government as sistance in eudh matters had suggested to the Lawson folk the idea of helping them selves. They have done so already to the extent of widening a footpaifch leading to the railway station from five feet to ten feet, a piece of work which occupied some ?twemty-five men, with horses and carts, and other aids to industry. Members who did not labor themselves were represented by paid substitutes. Fur ther improvements are to be undertaken. If all the industrial hives in this country were as prolific in 'working bees' as Law son, the clamor 'of the mere drones would be less of a general affliction than it is.. So far as the particular class of drones to whom tihe Lawson 'bees' present so strik ing a contrast are concerned, tSiey have been hitherto encouraged by a far too ready distribuiMtm of tfce Government honey. ' Turn gentle hermit of the. dale ?' The appeals to that Hermit of Goodman to turn, and show the way to the rich gold mine which he is thought to have discovered, have as yet, it would seem, been ineffectually made. He is said to have shown marvellously rich quartz specimens. Whenoe the; are ob tained is a secret which he will sot divulge, and when efforts have been mad* to track him to his lair he has diSap. peared mysteriously. This is a yery nioe story as it stands, though somewhat hint ing of plagiarism .from the .sensational Australian novelette. If there he Any truth in ii it is pretty certain that the vanishing 'hermit' will toon have his Solitude in. varied. , ? ? . '' ... ; ?..'.' They have been having J&ttrthet; lively time of it in the ltalian_Pfirliainent. With tespect to the par ticnlar form which, the liveliness assumed, it would Wot, however, do to be too. critical here in vieyr of such object lessons of a similar kind as Save been furnished by bur own Earliament. :O£ course it is easy tb undefbtand how when tmee-ftiey indulged it| retfrimlnatiofcs Italians passed by Tepid stages to A mOoa Of violence T#3uch Britishera, even witli-. the liBst ;lntentioiifl in tliat way, wotdd hardly attain, before the common sense of some among a representative assembly of ^hem would have beeia aafflciently «trong to .pnt' -on,, the tekt. ^.,Jtvy,T^Jy#-4t: '?:any ' -»te: .Eatisiactory -.'?L:;4»;v?%|'mV.:i®i4ii of Btritain eo ite members, too, ^ih^tbe; ^eiy'-tarlr^Jtit 'iffiiS'^htewilia ?oi^sfttit^^fi;; anothet Britiah faBhion. They only ^BeaMeli \- fists.;/, .Blows,; -rrs »te ioldj weB0-iw»ly ? et changed, and « dense crowd of deputies joined in the fray. The President seems to have been quite unable to restore order, so be quitted the chamber, and brought the sittings to a close. Whether his with drawal had the same effect on the fight is not stated, but presumably it had not. The disturbance began, it ap pears through members of the radical party abusing- and insulting the Premier, Signor Criapi. Their bitter hatred of Urapi is co doubt more or Iobs connected with the fact that the veteran himself began his career as a Radical and a republican of a very' violent type. Now he makes a very near approach to a Conservative, and has altogether got rid of his old objections to a monarchical form of Government. With regard to the scene which has just taken place, to be sure not even the Mother of Parliaments herself can exactly afford to sit in the chair of the scorner. The venerable lady, as we all know, has had some queer experiences, too, of late davs. That tow which ocenrred in the House cf Commons a few years ago was bad enough, and the more dangerous, as doubtless the com batants, or some of them at all- events, were much more familiar with the use of 'Nature's weapons' than any of the Italian deputies are likely to have been. There was, on the other hand, one circum stance in connection with the row in the House of Commons, which forcibly contrasts . now with what has happened in the Italian Chamber* The Italian President, once the foul rout began, seemingly counted for nothing. 'In the House of Commons the Speaker, who had tem porarily withdrawn, had only to show himself and take the chair, when the turmoil ceased, and members were at once re-called to a sense of what was due to him and to themselves. 