WHATSOEVER A MAN SOWETH. BY EtTGAH. BOOK III. THE REAPING OF THE HARVEST. CHAPTER VII. TEMPTATION. The presence in Shelly Bay of Miss Melville, aa we shall etili continue to call her, ia easily explained. Mr. Austin owned a email cottage at the Bay, and every year he sent some of hia family to the seaside for a change of air.. Miss Melville had already been there some treeks with one servant and several of the children. It was notioed that shortly after Ueeoa Meadowsere's return to Melbourne, at the conclusion of his visit to Warrydong, the health of Miss Melville began to fail, and she oontinued weak and low-spirited through out the winter. Mabel's quiok eyes first noted the ohange, and she made a shrewd guess as to the probablo cause of it, bub wisely held her peaoe so far as the family waa concerned. She, however, kept up a regular correspon dence with Meadoweere, and did not fail to. keep him well aoquainted with the doings of all his Warrydong friends, and of the gover ness in particular, whose health she had latterly represented as being in a precarious condition. Miss Mabel bad a reason for all this. Meadowsere's letters had revealed to her that he took a more than passing interest in.all affairs relating to Mibb Melville; and this being so she very oleverly introduced the subjeot of the governess into all her own letters without appearing to give the matter any nndne prominence. Her long-cherished hope of a union between these two was not yet dead, and as she began to read between the lines of Meadowaere'a epistles she thought she at last held a clue to the real etate of bia feelinge, He was in love, she concluded emphatically, and with' Miss Melville. That Miss Melville was also' in love with Beeoe ehe had decided long . ago.. What then waa the mysterious something whioh was keeping them apart? It was impos sible to say; but at any rate it would not be her fault if the barrier between tbem were not destroyed, and to the aooomplisbmenb of this end Mabel devoted all her energies. It was a rale of hers to read aloud for the benefit of the others all letters received from Beeee (though she very skilfully omitted por tions whioh might perhaps have necessitated some slight explanation on her part), and it never escaped her that Miss Melville was an eager listener. Then again, no opportunity of speaking a good word for Meadowsera was - ever lost; while, oh the other hand, when writing to Beece, her praise of the governess was equally warm and sincere. In fact, aha did her utmost to stimulate their mutual loVa and respect, and to keep alive and active tha interesteaeb felt in all mature relating to tha . other.. Yet so innocently^ was this done that; no one auspeoted the designs whioh were at the root of her unusual activity in thia direc tion, and both Beeoe and Miss Melville looked upon her as an invaluable and a wholly dis interested friend. The summer saw no ohange for the better is Miss Melville's health, and it being about tha time for the children's annual trip to tha seaside, Mrs. Austin deoided to send tbem to - Shelly Bay in charge of the governess, hoping _ that the ohange might, prove of material benefit to the latter. Master Bob had left . borne shortly after Christmas to spend some portion of bis holidays with friends in tha North, and Miss Austin being away in Mel bourne, it fell to Miss Mabel's lot to remain/at home with her parents. She by no means relished this, but there being no help for it she submitted with a ehrng of her shoulders and many sighs at the thought of the lonely^ time before her. Miss Melville was not alto either, fearingtha*herpr<Mi>eot' gSS^! ^Mfcuift toeiraof Meadowtere ^rip'suMrr'jfci ^Kiiw.OM^ trafcw Mabdjimhiaed tdlceeplier/ \- ^raj&jpwted; op to All mattera of interest aha WDunpolf seoretly.iiDpa that Rveoe'e .doing* ^^'-^ti^oomAmdtf%u8 0AMgqry«.'v: .;V:*; ' S|^<: Mibel Josi note in iofonuog Baece of ^ ~i -/the deration arrived at; mrdid ehe forget to ^• ^ mentioii the continued indisposition .of the Hv-<3T,trerne«e, which hadpartly seeeeeitoted the" ^ change, and also to impress upon hiflmind the. :=."■ f&at; that, «ave for the pretence of theohUdren andeervaab, Miss Melviilewonldbe qui fee alone • >' at Shelly Bay, MaOel had grown bolder of fete, and had' thrown out hints ne to the ^V_" csueeof Mies Melville's illness which Keeoe •r • oould nob fall to; understand; and, though by fiomeaas hopeful himself, he wee serioaely inclined to visit Shelly Bay-and- oboe snore :, j . try his fortune. Meadowaere'a love had. not lessened by absence,; it had rather strengthened, and ■•;■-4.*' time seemed but to increase its strength. He >. ?■: mi losing interest in his work And pursuits; he, wa* growing discontented and irritable.; Hi6 home was lonely, and chore seemed to be V something -missing in his life. He Jtneir v; what it was—he desired a companion —a helpmate—a wife. He was sufficiently a j . man of the world to know that there were many ladies of his acquaintance, young and beautiful, Who would be willing to -.'i accept) the responsibility; sob for his own sake, but rather beoause of the reputation bo had won, and for the position auoh on alliance would give the in in*60oietj% 'But it was not a wife of this sort he wanted. He did not .wish for a mere ornament, bub for a woman who would be a valued, companion at all times; one whom he oould lorn, and who would love him in return. There was but one to whom his thoughts turned, and for whose sake be felt he oould lay down his life—but sue bad refused hipi. Gould he risk refusal a second time? His pride said "No;" Jbut since Mabel had partially put ' aside the mask in hie favour, And had revealed secrets un dreamt of, his resolution wavered. His lifd .. ®°k been blameless he knew; but as a MUsbafid no woman would- have oause to be ashamed of him, and why should be not again offer biB hand and heart to the one who had inspired his love? He would do so. He would sink his pride, and boldly plead his* cause. Than, if success attended bis efforts, his happiness would be assured. If not—he would simply remhin in his present condition. And so, on the evening of the very day that fate had led Stephen btornhill's wander ing footsteps in the direotion of Shelly Bay, ifcwce Meadowsere arrived there also, and ■ practically thoir desires were identical. It wes a singular ooipoidenoe, the more so sinoo thiy were pis* -* in tbo same room, and yet had never oro&^^i e&ohi; other's path since that fateful ;night years before, when StorakiU'a wife had sacrificed her honour for her love. And even now, though they met no word was exchanged between them, for the one was deep in sleep and the other bound in the torriblechains of madness. ' ffw w^ka of Mies Melville's stay, at the seaside resulted in a marked improve ment, both mentally and physioally. When eh© could with safety leave theohildren alone, or m the oharge of acquaintances, she took Jong rambles into the oouotry, or along the eoftst.and these walks invariably strengthened while they proved a couroe of ooinfort bo her. 1 lie solitude, the feeling that she oould indulge her thoughts and fanoies undisturbed, end the knowledge that in refusing Reeee Meadowsere s offer she had obeyed the promptings of her oonsoienco, all oombiued to exercise a soothing influenoe upon her, and she grew daily-more oontented and better able to appreciate the advantages she possessed, and the good fortune whioh had given her a home with people like the Austins. She realized that she bad much to be thankful for, and one thought there was whioh proved a source, of never-ending comfort to her, the knowledge -that to Eeeoe Meadowsere she owed her more than life, for his money it was which had saved hsr in the years gone by from starvation. Her favourite walk was to • U-n T°j aP°n .th.e ollffa w,iere Stephen Storn hill had found her. Here she 'spent manv hours, and on that particular afternoon she left the house shortly after dinner, taking with her one of Maadowsere's povejg, the more valued because it had been given toner by Hoeoe on the occasion of his visit to .!£ry I?!*' t£ufc r0?dinB f'O book had led to thoughts of the author, and, laying itaside. she indulged in the more congenial ocoupa *'on- . i*® wa9 when thus engaged that Stornhill s voioe had broken in upon ; her meditations. For a moment her heart i bounded wildly, then seemed almost to cease iffn J" wa8 ""'y fay » great mental effort that she succeeded m regaining in a part her-oomposure, and to desoribe the various phases of emotion through whioh she earned would be impossible. But when at length ehe reached the oottage whioh was now e %?*' herself in the bedroom and threw herself on the bed in bitter anpuiso, . „^®r®had fa®en B time- long ago, when she feared that such au event might come to pass, and she would meet face to/ace the man who hvr [a,5 r°un(f life. Years of peaoeful security had, however, relieved her ^ from this fear, and she had qo longer dreaded any such contingency. But now, when least •expected, the blow had fallen, and she writhed under it. That Stornhill would seek an opportunity to press his suit she felt certain; but equally certain was she that no power on earth oould force her to heoome the wife of a man she despised and loathed. Yet what might she not suffer by defying him * Her wrenched past would be raked up the *h^°.h i T® b9 m'^e known to t.1.!! ber "Paction ruined. Homeless and friendless, ehe might be oast npon the world, at tile meroy of a man devoid alike of principle and of ohivalry. And what would Meadowsere think of her mho. hoard the tale! He would not d-s^he*? she knew Perhaps he would feel a littl4 pity: but.how glad he would bo that she had not become his wife ! Ah ! yes; for his sake ehe had done well in refusing him, and he would understand and perhaps appreciate her action when he learnt the truth. Thinking of Meadowsere restored ber some what to calmness. Sinoe her flight from Hallowtcn, foejt oould be oalled little else, she had beard often of Stornhill-though he himself was in total iguoranae of her where abonts-and knew enough of his character to fee it hat from him she must ezpect the worst. SJr, Austin, however, was a man of broad views and deep sympathies, and Stornhill could do bar but little harm in that quarter. XSor was Mrs. Austin likely to prove cruel and unjust She w»3 a motherly woman, lenient tba of others, And Miss Mel ville felt that hor sin would he Judged in its true ligut, and her punishment awarded-bv those who loved her. Whatever happened thn Austins would remain her steadfast friends; and rather death itself ^han a msr nace WUh Stephen Stornhill. Yet the exposure that threatened her was terrible, to contemplate, and it is small wonder' that she shrank from it. But what was the use of meeting trouble halfway! She was 1126 And nouId onfrwMt with .. _.. :«6i3i raMtaTtorfnturoAevMopmepts.Grevely sheleJther.reomaadwenlaboUt^^h^ bold dotik. Shopropnred ten fktteoba-. dren, and -whenthat *u overtoMthem; stories until bedtime. Then, when they bod gone to bsd, she went and «nid " Good night to them as washer ourtom.-and onljr the thoughtful Battle notloed that she ".leaked ill ■end nnlUce, hareelt Bhemade light of.bij enquiries, however,atid, kissing him, retired to lor room lot', the night. It-was morning before the {ell asleep, and then her sleep was troubled, and *he awoke .unrsfreshed. Dressing wearily, and 'going ,ioto the .room always used tot meals, she found the breakfast laid, but the children missing, ".They had gone down to the beach,"'the servant said. Presently a ohorus of voioes was heard out side, and the children rushed into the.oottage. They were all speaking at onoe, and the governess could make very little sense out of their eager and excited exclamations. . "Hush! huab!" she said, gently; "onsata time, ohildren. Now, Bertie, what is it ?" ■" A man, Mies Melvifle—a dead man down oh the beach," he gasped, and the rest chimed in, "Yes, a deadmao, Miss Melville drowned he was by the sea, and he's dead." "Drowned you mean," she corrected meohanioally, for her own trouble seemed to have made her oaJlous, and the sews brought by the exoited children interested Jier hut little. Not so the servant, however, who stood.listening with a white face and mouth wide open. "Did yoa see hi'tn?"ebeashed, in an" awe-struck voice, " Yes," answered all the children together; and Bertie added, "Tbey were taking him,to the hotel; he was staying there, and they say there will be an inquest to-day to show how hs came to bo drowned:" _ _ Still Miss Melville was almost indifferent. " It is very sad," she said,but do not speak about it now. Breakfast is ready, children.' They sat down, and she said graoe.- Bertie asked whether she was better and received no answer. He then devoted his attention to the bread and milk before hioslbut left it un finished. The sight of the body thrown up by the sou had upset him, and the others too found it diffioulo to eat and sat silent. They did not understand Miss Melville's preoccupa tion, and hardly oared to speak of the Bubjeot uppermost in their minds after she had for bidden them to do so. When the meal waB ooncluded the children ' again wished to go out, but were direoted to play about the ooltage. Graoe—for Miss Melville still retained her old Christian name —waB afraid of being left alone, and afraid also to venture out -till she had learnt some thing of Stephen 3 torn hill's movements. . In the meantime the servant, overcome by curiosity, had joined one of the. many groups of gossipsrs disoussing the-tragio event which hud taken place during the night. When she came in to remove the breakfast thing* she was evidently burning with the desira to impart the result of her few minutes' chat. _ "It's quite true what the ohildren said, ma'am," she remarked, by way of a beginning. "It is hardly likely that they would invent a tale of that kind," said Miss Melville list lessly. She was wondering what the day was to bring forth for her, and did not think of much else. " I thought perhaps they had been liimpostd, upou," the girl said, slightly nettled at the indifference with wbich her information had been received. " Thoy saw the man himself, Jane. . It is a terrible affair, especially for the poor fellow's friends." "So far as I could learn, replied Jane eententiously, "be didn't have no friends. He .only came yesterday, and was a stranger here." " A. stranger!" echoed MisB Melville, " and only oamo yesterday. Did you hear his name, Jane?" and sho turned to her with half suppressed eagerness. " No, ma'am—nobody seemed to know any thing about hie name at alL" " What if it were he"!" murmured Grace to herself, with white, trembling lips. "But no —it could not be—I am foolish to imagine such a thing." . . - " I seen an acquaintance ol yours walking about the beaoh, Miss Melville," volunteered ; Jane, with a sharp glance at hor mistress. Graoe started, and drew a deep breath. Snrslv Jane aould not know of her meeting with Stephen Stornhill ? It was absurd. She had nothing to fear yet. " Who was it?" she asked faintly. " Mr. Meadowsere, ma'am," was the answer. An earthquake Gould hardly have surprised Jane more than did the effaot of her words. Miss Melville reeled, and olutohed a chair to save herself from falling. " You must have been mistaken, Jane," she gasped. " Mr. Meadowsere is hundreds of miles away." "If it wasn't him, it was his ghost," per sisted the servant. "Mr. Meadowsere ain't a common-looking man, and I ought to re member him, considering how Jong he was at Warrydong." - . . Grace could not understand it. 8ne felt faint and ill, and hardly knowing what she did she hurriedly put on her hat, and oaltiug the ohildren set out towards the beaoh. One thought was uppermost in her mind—the necessity for preventing a meeting between Meadowsere and Stephen Stornhill. But how ooufd this be managed'! Her reason eaid "Not at all;" but hBr heart said " Yes; it must and should be done." She had almost reached the jetty, wliither the ohildren had literally fragged her unre sisting, for she was wholly eugrossed in her thoughts, wheu a shout from Bertie caused hor to raise her eyas, and there, but a few yardB away, stood Reeoe Meadowsere. He had not seen them, but at the sound of Bertie's cry of welcome he turned and was at once surrounded by the children, with whom he was a prime favourite. Miss Melville was painfully conscious that her cheeks were burning as Reeoe held out his hand in greeting, " Yon are surprised at seeing me," he said gravely. "Yes," she answered, dropping her eyes. "I was.underthe impression that you were in Melbourne." " I only arrived from there last night. But may I join your little party ? You are taking a morning stroll, I presume?" "Ism afraid yon will find ns rather doll," was her reply; but lleixw did not seem to tbink so,for he aooompsnied them forsomedis tsnoe, and found it a difficult matter to answer the many questions put to him by the chil dren, who wished to know why he had come, how long he in tended staying, and so on. These topics being exhausted, they turned eagerly to the subject of the looel tragedy, and Miss Melville asked timidly— . "Who' is the unfortunate person, Mr. Meadowsere?" • . "A man named Storuhill," answered Reaae, and Graoe bit her-lip to keep book a etartlea cry. As he went on to tell her what he knew of Stornhill's position in life, and how he had known him years ago, she looked away and listened as though in a dream. The first shook of horror overootne, she experienced a strange feeling of elation—almost of joy. Before it had been as if a heavy weight were pressing upon her brain. Now ahe felt free as agon* o^eaapeueewai prtrj andih® danger eeoret waseafe/for dead men tell motale*, and Mis meed; have nomere fear of jfliepbein Stornhill.. - •',,,. • : . • ;. , •';.' . Bat *u tt notwicked; -was it' not beirtleu to think ofhetseli 1«he wondered. Had she no pity far the man who had eometpeo fear f al an end? She did not know. , It «ru too, andden—tioo 'ietrange for bar to. aUtosetber .realize in so ehorta time. She heard little of what Meadbwsefe woe/telling her till he Btoppedabruptly. I wiflleaveyon DOB'," he mad. When' am I most likely tofindyoualone?" ' "lam generally alone in-the afternoons," bbe answered, gazing at the_ohildren, who were now a little ahead, in some confusion. . .'"Then I will call this afternoon, as soon ae the inquest is concluded." " Are voii going ?" " IVthe inquest T ' Tee ;* I atu a witness." \- " What have you to do, with it? she asked, startled, i "Verylittle; bat, strange to say, the un fortunate man and I shared the same room last night, though iwas unaware of it until this morning. ' I was asleep when he came to bed, and never even saw him." v "OidheknowyouweraintheroDm?" . " It ie impossible to Bay." "How—bow d»yon- think it happened 1" she enquired nervously. , "I think he oommitted suicide, ft appears be had been drinking heavily. Something, however, may be gleaned at the inquest to throw light on the ooourrence. I will eay good-by now, Hiss Melville, until thie after noon." He raised his hat and hurried away. §torn-~ hill's strange fate had somewhat unmanned him. He was restieBs and nervously ill at ease. To have slept in the tame room as Stomhill, and vet not to have known it nntil the morning when he looked upon hie lifeless body, and was told the story of the preceding night's dissipation, shocked him more than be would have been willing to acknowledge. There was something terrible in the thought that but a few hours ago Stomhill waa a living creature, but now lay a oorpse ; and to be re minded at suoh a moment as this, and in so ghastly a manner, of an event iu his life he Would fain forget, seemed to Meadowiere as if the hand of fate were lifted against him, j He rogarded it almost as a warning to turn baok,' and relinquish the hope of ever 1 accomplishing his heart's desire. But this was weak, he argued'. If it bad been any ; other- man than Stephen titornhill who i was drowned, he would never have regarded it as bearing iu any way upon his life; and what reason was there to do so now 1 None at all. He had come to Shelly Bay with a purpose. He would not leave until that pur pose was aooomplished. Mies Melville found the day dreary and long, despite the blessed feeling of freedom from j the danger of Stephen Stornhill'e hateful ] attentions. She oould not blind her eyes to the terriljtt nature of the oatastrophe which j had given rise to thie ' sense of atourity. Perhaps she herself was iu a measure re sponsible for the deed whioh had been oommitted. It may have been hor refusal to | beoomo Stornhill'e wife that had led him to | end bis life, end Graoe shuddered at' this thought oocurred to her. But etill, even so, ■he was not to blame, she told herself. It was morally impossible that she oould aooept ! for a husband a man whom she despised; andl if Stomhill had met his death whilst in | a state of intoxication, as Meadowsere seemed to think was highly probable, what pity did he deserve? She had never wronged him, but iostead had I suffered rauoh at hie hands. Why then should | she reproach herself? She realized that there | wee no need to do so. So far as Stephen j Stornhill's death waB ooncerned she was j altogether blameless'. But there was something else that troubled her—the near presence of Reece Meadowsere. Her mooting with him in the morning had been like the probing of an old wound, and as ! the hours went by a dull pain at her heart ] oaused her to be indifferent to all things about her. Why bad he como? Whyooold he not leave her in peaoe? It was cruel—bo j ought to have remained away. And yet— j how was he to know that? He had never guessed how she loved him. And now the , battle would have to be fongfat again, for she | realized instinctively what had brought him : to Shelly Buy. She would keep the children j at home, and refuse to see him alone, shs said to herself one moment. But tits next she knew that this was impossible. Her love was strong, she oould not stifle it altogether, and her heart oried out agaicBt the idoa of refusing Meadowsere a private meeting. It would but add to her suffering, yet it would foe some thing to remember in.after days; and, though to_ think of it gave her pain, there waa mingling with it an exquisite feeling of glad anticipation. She would see Reeoe onoe more, and hear again thevoioe which haunted even | ber dreamt. But it must be for the last time. She would ask him to go away, and be would go. . Then all would be over, and save in ber memory he would be dead to her for ever. It was late when he oame. The ohildren had gone out with friends, and Graoe I was alone. She weloomed him with quiet.] self-possession, ' and at onoe questioned him as to the result of the inquest. He told her what bad transpired. How in the evi dence taken it was shown that Stomhill bad arrived in the bay on the previous day. He went out shortly after dinner, and did not return until lata at night, when it was seen that his olothes had been wet through. Grace trembled as Reeoe spoke of his apposranoe j and the otmjeotureewhioh had beenhazardedas to the cause of bis long disappssranoo. It j reoalled very vividly the interview which had taken place on the cliff, and she oould not but wander what Stomhill bad done after she left j him. The subjeot possessed a strange fascina tion for her, but ehe oould obtain no satisfao torv answers to her thoughts. Then Meadowsere went on to speak of tbe j game of oards that had been played on Stornhill's return to the hotel, and -of the | great quantity of brandy the wretohod man bad drunk. He had been taken to his room by the landlord after that, and hisaubsequnnb movements were merely a matter of oonjeo tnre, though a blaok traoker had tracked his footsteps ftom the window of tbe bedroom to to the edge of a oiiff some distanoe along the eoast. It was supposed that in a temporary fit of madness, brought on by drink, Stephen StornbiU had wandered from the hotel, and, reaching the cliffs, had thrown himself from there into the sea A verdict to this effeot I was brought in, and the hotelkeeper was severely oensnred for permitting 8toruhiII to get into the oondition it was proved be had done, - And thus both Stephen StornbiU tad hie I wife had died a violent death, and in the case | of each almost the same verdict was returned, ' though in neither was this verdict absolutely j correct. ■ j After Meadowsere ceased speaking a long 1 silenoe ensued, whioh was at length broken by Mies Melville. "What—what is to be done with the ] body ?" she asked faintly. "Arrangements hava 'been made for Bend ing ft to HaUowton, * township near the ■ Batata owned bjihe deceased." - " Hm—has ho any familJ ?" "No. Hi» wife died some years a£o," said Meadowsara sharply: "and there aro no ohil dreru I doubt wbathsr -he has mnyiralatirea •Von."' vV; ' :v' ;That is fortunate^ ahesoid,find ra<w mora a pauee followed. . '.T , It was hard on Meadowsere that heshould have been brought as ikwera faoe to faoe with his -past, sin by this allusion toStornhiU'a family affairs." He felt forsa moment that his. tongue was tied, and that it would be im possible' to apeak of the matter, which had brought htm to the cottage. But conquering this feeling he prooeeded with outward calm ness— . " You have doubtless realized ere'lhis what has . brought me to Shelly Bay, Miss Mel ville." " You—you name for a obapge of air, I pre- j same, Mr. Meadowtere." i "No; it was to see you,"and crossing the room he stood near her chair, looking down at ! her. "I asked you when et Wanydong to be j my wife; I have come to repeat that ques tion." He was very pale, but spoke quietly, and without any. display of passion. Grace was afraid to meet his glance, and turned away her face as she said— "loan only assuto you now, as I did then, Mr. Mealdowaers." "And for the seme reason—that you do not ] care for me ?" She did net speak, and he waited for a reply,-but none oame. "Is that your roasou for refusing me?"he ; asked again. "I never said that I didn't oare for you, Mr. Meadowsere;" and her. pale cheeks flushed as she spoke. "Do you?" he said, abruptly. "I—I respset and—and like you, Mr. Meadowsere." " But ysu do not like me enough to aooept me .as a husband J" - Again she was silent, and Meadoweere waited in vain for a reply. " Miss Melville," he continued, presently, with grave earnestness, "this is a matter i whioh concerns me very deeply. I sa not, I know, an ideal lover, and I oabaot express in words the feelings which struggle for utter anoe within me. But this I can any truly— that I-love you. It is a little word—love— and easily spoken; but its meaning is infinite, and I use it with a full oonsoiousnass of all j that it should oonvey-to you. Till I became { acquainted with you at Warrydong I had no j thought of marriage. It was my intention to ] go through life a single man; but knowing you made me realize how much happier and better my life would be with you as my wife 1 and helpmate. I do not say that your refusal to aooept my offer will roiu my career. This would bs weak—unmanly. But at the same time I know that the world can offer me no real bappinese without you, and should I go from here devoid of hope my whole future life will be saddened and darkened. Do not think me egotistical when I say that I am fairly wealthy? I am glad of it only because it is in my power to offer you a home | of comfort and of luxury. Suoh things are worthless, perhapB you think, without love. May betheyarej and I hadbestsaynomoreabont j them. I am a poor pleader, and hardly know how best to enlist your sympathy ; but this I feel, that my love is strong, and is yours wholly. I ask you to beoome my wife, and if you will but consent it will be my one aim in life to make myself worthy of you, and to eeoure, so far as it is in my power, your happiness." Miss Melville had listened to his earnest speech with varying emotions. For the first time sinoe she had oome to realize howdeeply her affeotiona were involved the thought | occurred to her, " Why should I not aooept j his offer? I lovo him, and know that we i shall be happy together. It ib nob right that j I should spoil both our lives bsoause of an error made in years gone by. Besides, I sinned in ignoranoe; I was but a girl and was led astray. Suraly my punishment has been ' severe enough, and this great sacrifice is not required of me." " ' The temptation to yield was almost greater i than she could bBar. It seemed to her that by Stomhill's death the last link that bound her to the past was broken. She was free ;' there was no further fear of her sin rising up ! against her; it was'dead and buried. But only for a moment did she tbiuk thus. Then, there followed a reaction. '•'o aooept ; Reeoe Meadowsere's offer would be die- j honourable, .for she would go to him a dis honoured woman. Only two courses were j open to her. Either she must refuse him, or else she must .lay before him that dark page in her life's history. Whioh oourse should j she choose? To send Reeoe away with out hope was becoming every second ' more difiioult; yet . how could she I reveal her secret? Reece loved her, re spected her, above other women. Could she muster up courage to show him how little she deserved bis respect? Ha might shrink j from her; and oertainly he would no longer : dream of making her hie wife. Better to send i him away at once in ignoranoe. She would at 1 least run no risk of sinking in bis esteem, and , this she felt she must do if Meadoweere beoame | acquainted with her secret. And yet, would it not be better for hie eabe that he should know the truth ? He would then Bee bow mie plaoed his love bad been, and would have but little difSoulty ia overcoming his passion. Surely this was .the.noble.r oourse to follow. But had she the courage to follow it ? Finding her BtiU silent, Meadoweere spoke ] again, but somewhat hesitatingly— "It is perhaps presumptuous of me to ask, Miss Melville, but believe me, my question is ] not prompted by idle curiosity. Do you oare j for any oue else—as—as a husband ?" ! "No," she answered faintly, and shaking her heaid. " Then has—has any man a—a olaim upon ( you? I mean—are—are you bound to any one | by promise—or—or anything of that sort?" "No," she said again. "If that ia so," oontinued Meadoweere, "why will you not aooept me ? You say that j you reepeot and like me. I ask for no more at present; I will try to tcaoh you to love me. ] Only promise to beoome my wife; give mo the j right to watoh over your life, and I shall do my bast to make you happy and to -win your love." He bent lower, and Grace raised bor bead. For one moment their eyes met, and they looked at each other. What did Meadowsere see? Bnongh to make his heart beat high with hope, and to draw from his lips the fol lowing words:—"Yoa—you do care a little for ma then ?" " I love you," said Grace, simply. For a little while hs held her close. Then I Graoe gently disengaged faenffilf from bis embrace, saying with a sad smile— ' 411—I was weak for a moment, but am j stronger now. You must leave me, Mr. MeadowBere, and never see me again." . She held out her hand, and Reeoe stared at I her blankly. "Never see you again," he eohoed. "But! you are going to be my wife?" I cannot! JTortoyinMunu So not make my trial, harder to bear than it la. Ik is impossible for me to marry yon, and to meet foa givn w pab. We must out, :lbi.llaia«mn.;:l>7io{«mVk|to I tn not worthytobscome your wrfe,1? ■■•r: * Her sen tern oee wsredisjointod.andsbe (poke ■ sbarblyiai'thobghiBpaiii. Meadowsere stood perplexed andsilefit. Then he said gravely— , ' I do not midetstand yornv ••'Sou said that yon loved ine!- Was this trueT": - v., ■ ■•• She lowered her heed inaatefit.aml he trobtoh^t-" ; " And Do'one has any claim upon you! Do yoa think.then that X jam. likely to go amy and. leave you ¥' *' You muit! yon must!" "No! I shall not! Tell me what yon mean, Grade!" he asked imploringly." • A look almost of terror oame into her eyes. "No! no 1" she exolaimed. "Surely it ia enough when I tell you that I cannot do as yoa wish." " It is not enough under the ciroumstanoes, and I shall not give you up, Tell me what you mean?! he asked again. • "I cannot," she gasped. "You muet go away. There is something—something—that —that prevents—" "Yon are not married," ho exclaimed with feu-, even as Stephen Stornhill had done. "No, no—it is not—not that.; but " Reeoe took her hand, and drew her gently but firmly towards him. " Let. file ask a few questions," he eaid in a quiet tone.' "Do you really love me, Grace!" " You know that 1 do,"ehe whispered. " That is not an answer. Do you !" "Yes." " And no one else has a claim upon you V "No one." ".Look at me, Graoe. No, don't turn your face away. There 1" be added, taking her faoe between hiB hands, and compelling her to meet his gaze. '" Now tell me why you refuse to do as I wish." Her lips trembled, but ehe did not speak. How oonld she confess her sin when Reeoe gazed at her with eyes fnll of' beseeching love! It would kill ner, she thought, to see hie faoe change till the look of tenderness became one of dismay, and perhaps repulsion. " Yon are unable to answer me," Meadow sere said with a slight smile, " and I am not going until you have promised to be my wife." " You—you dohot know " " I know this: that we love eaoli other." "There is something—in—in my past " "There ie nothing in your past that you need be ashamed of; I would answer for it with my life. How long must I wait, Graoe! Will you promise to be my wife!" For awhile there was eilenoe, broken at length by Graoe. She looked up, and in a low voioe, eoaroely above a whisper, said—"I am not worthy; but suoh as I am I belong to y°a-" . ; —, 