astoral Visitation to the Italian Parish. On Sunday las" th - ' thjs to„, Anglican U.^-m of B^.lUrat «1.lited^thts pirish. In the .n.iru.ug his L^^rdsb p ad li.iuis ered the r.re oi * * uu,aber of cvjd.dates at Morrwo.«, *a>i p.-eacheil an ^ ^ r •erinua^ta a B,aho the palpit at ^ '"'"' U ."ri 1. church Toe Vicar conducted » e P j service, the Bishop read- ? ne /h" )e8eua6 His Lordship preached , ve'ree of the 3r(j chapter of St. „ ,, 5 w ,he Jlomaus—-Now the ,, , "i 1 gn you with all joy and peace "? P J . t m&.. ab,>uud iujhope eJ o[ {he Holy Ghost." tlie Vcar miRht be said to of . • , "ith the u su°c*al messages, and r'" 1 the me=s»/e - nf of thp the pr.seut sens,.u sens,.,! w was the \sa% »f the text. Faith and hope pro- ducing joy aud peace-th« was t bet win message of spring time, Iu spring time the future seems t" «»«»• - — , , arises within the human breast. Although the past and the present are hs pages read, nothing is kuowo about the future and to Itp£s> : » both siby aud fuUle Bat a can h Ojii. No man has any nshttodespair —even of himself. To hope is a christian dutv and like all duties it will bnug iu its fulfilment a rewar.l-the reward of peace and iov Faith aud li-.p; are esseutial to huinau life] If faith is lost life withers op and becomes fruitless, whilst the loss of hope lead* dee|>erataon—evOji t p ^ h ^ t a n d m ^ dreadful stage when .^VrBaft-ls^msea iu self destruction. Faith and hope form al-n a peculiar aud exctu-ive prerogative of human life. Oerttioly it is said by erolutiouists that the charac'ensnsts of mail are merelv the inbtincU of the lower animals advanced'and extended by the progress of the evolntiona-y sys em. It is true that the dog hopes for a -one fro-n his master s table an* trusts that it will be a big one. and it may be claimed that there is faith and hope. Many will admit tlie claim, but oh 1 how different from the faith and hope ot man. thou-'h one might well l ing for half an hour s conversation with a do- if sncb could clear away anv of the mystery that lies between the instinctive characteristics of an animal aod the lofty reasouiug powers of man. God is called a God of hope, but nit because He has hope Himself. He i- GjiI. the ruler aud possessor of heaven aud earth, of «ll creatures and all things. Hope His dower and not His attribute. The „ueels need no hope for they realize the blessedness of heaven ; whilst though knowledge of devils is limited the current idea may be accepted regardiug them—that they are creatures in which has been lost all faith in gooduess or hope of hereafter. So, between heaven on the one side, and bell on theo her, swings the earth with its demsens of hope and faith. Faith and hope have an important relationship with -he business side of liie. Faith represents the credit and h.ipe the enterprise that have such so great a bearin • upon business prosperity. Residents of Victoria know full well what happens to a country when its credit is gone, and without enterprise the wheels on the vast machinery of commerce would speedily come to a stand still. No matter from what point the situation is viewed it wiil be seen that there can be no peace and j 'y without faith and hope, and that where posiessed a foitnne is made of life. But is it always so ? D jes it work out that way ? Io answering the question allowance" mnst be made for the different teudeucies in men. One man is sanguine, another sceptical and the temperament may somew'.at guage the faith and hope. In y.mth hope beats high. A young man is full of confidence, of eagerness to outstrip other m'jn, of belief in himself i-ousetirnes ainauuting to what is termed couceit—and conceit is not altogether unknown iu connection with the youth of Victoria. The young man is , bold, determined, and convinced of his own self reliance and p iwers, whilst the fir-t tirl j .. - . ers try to stop this youthful hope aud faith ? As well try to stop the boU:idiu^ of ihe lamb or the flitting of the £=iilv gilded bisect And the youth will ti:n that the world will not take him at his own va'nitiou. He will become disenchanted and hipped, perhaps develup into a man witb a grievance. Life has many <lisHpp<iiut:n-'Uts. Probably tue man wh 1 lia-' the m ifei of his own wav is the J.'zar of Russia, and yec would ti.iv mm present change places with l.i n. or w mid auy'woman 1.1 found who did n.it pity his wife. Vanderbi t. the -jreat American mida? said that he could not understand how it was that failed tn (ret any happiness nut nf a 1 himoney. There seemed to be a good deal melancholy iu the consideration of tb • subject np to this sta^e, but it bad merely been shown that the object of our faith and hope should not be ourselves. What then shuu be the object ? Peter gives it in his epistle "That your faith and hope might be in God. It was au absol te fact that the people who had the most trae happiness iu their lives— the most peace and joy—were those who had hnrled every thing away in this life to giv_ themselves absolutely to God. Authonr the hermit was an absolutely happy man, though the present time, thauk God, was not oue iu which it was necessary to be _ hermit in order to live a perfectly pure and Godly life. It was doubtful if any man had been so perfectly happy as Martin, the Gunlish reformer, whilst there was no question of the happiness of the Chinese missionaries —though a book had beeu written ponriug forth a sort of sympathy for the manner in which they lived. When the sonl is banging upon God, the issue is as certain as the explosion when the ixnvder is ignited or certain chemicals rubbed together. Therefore anyone who felt distressed abont the state of the country, defects of the Ministry, the slow progress of the church of God, or family trials, should seek after the peace and joy corning from faith aud hope iq God. Au old Chinese proverb, a sayiug of Confucius, is that " You meet calamity and find happi. ness." That was the experience of everv true Christian. When trouble or difficulty in HDy phase nf life, was met witb faith aud hope in God, and given by Him, the result was a fall measure of peace and joy that could not be taken away. The preacher concluded by an earnest a d eloquent appeal to his hearers to keep this fai'h. They had Christ's own words for the result. Tne sermon was attentively b'stened to by Vdongrite gation that quite filled the,church. The offertory was devoted to the Home Missiou fuud. 