CHAPTER X. 'OCB DBBA1IS EURBDE OOB DEAD, AND DO NOT BIND." . oust vinoents engagement met with every body'a approval, with the one exception of the marriageable yonng ladiei of the neighbour hood, who thought that Allan Carew had made a foolish oboioe, and might oertainly have done better for himielf. What good oould oome of marrying a girl who was neither English nor Frenoh; who had been educated in a Parisian convent, and who drove to Salis bury every Sunday morning to hear mass ? "What uncomfortable Sundays they will have," one of these young ladies remarked to Bessie Edgefield ; "and then how horrid for him to have a wife of a different creed. They are sure to quarrel about religion. Isn't the vioar dreadfully ehooked?" "My father is rather sorry that Mr. Care" should marry a Roman Cathoiio. There is always the fear that he might go over to Rome" " Of oourae. He is sure to do that. It will be the only way to stop the quarrelling. She will make him a pervert," Mrs. Mornington, on the other hand, flattered herself that, by her marriage with a member of the English Ghuroh, her niece would be brought to see the errors of Rome, and would very soon make her appearance in the family pew beside her husband. Lady Emily oberished the same hope, sinoe, although a less ardent Churohwoman than Mrs. Mornington, she believed in Anglioanism as the surest road to salvation, and Bhe dwelt also upon the difficulties that might arise by and-by about the poor dear children, talking of those potential beings as if they were already on the scene. Here General Vinoent tried to reaBBure the anxious mother. " I have talked to your eon," be eaid, "and he is willing that it shall be with him and Suzette as it was with her dear mother and me. If there are ohildren, the sone are to follow the father's religion, the daughters their mother's." " Well, I suppose that kind of oomproraise is best, though no Roman priest will approve of it. And then there is the Bad idea of the brothers and Bisters being separated by their antagonistic opinions. I hope Suzette will oome round to our way of thinking." " I doubt it very much. She it at firm as a rook." "/Dear girl. She is to young, and there is plenty of time." While other people were thinking about these thiDgs for him, Allan had no room for thought of any kind, unless fond meditation upon the image of the girl he loved could be dignified by the name of thought. For Allan life was a perpetual ecstasy. To be with Suzette in her own home, at the Grove, on the links, anywhere; to be with her was all he needed for his bliss. For his sake his mother had prolonged her stay at Beeohhurst in order that the two young people might be together in the house where they were to live as man and wife. It was Allan's delight to make Suzette familiar with her future home. He wanted her to feel that this was the house in which she was to live; that under her father's roof she was no longer at home; that her books, the multifarious trifles and prettinesses which her girlhood had accumulated, might as well be transferred at_ onoe to the sunny, bow-windowed upstairs room which was to be her den. It was now a plainly furnished, matter-of-fact- morning room, a room in whioh the admiral had acted the fussy futilities of bis unoooupied life. The mantelpieoe, wbicli had been built up with shelveB and artful cupboards for the aooom modation of the admiral's cigars, would serve excellently to set off Suzette a zoologioalohina, her Dresden pugs, and rats, and lobsters, and pigs, and rabbits, her morsels of silver, and scraps of wrought oopper would adorn the shelves, and all her little odds and ends and never-to-be-finiehed bits of fancy work would be neatly stowed away in oupboards. " But won't you wantthosedearlittleoubby bouses for your own oigara ?" asked Suzette. " It seems too oruel to rob you of your uncle's snuggery. I've no doubt you emoke just as muoh as the admiral." "Not oigaTs. My humble pipe and poueh o&n; stow themselves away anywhere. I only smoke oigara out hunting, and I keep a box or two in the saddle-room for handiness. No, this is to bo your room, Suzetto. When are you going to bring the Dresden bow-wows, aDd the elephants, and mice, aud lobsters, and donkeys—all about of a size, by-tbe-way 1" "Ob, 1 could nob possibly spare them," Suzette answered quickly, making for the door. They had ooma in to look at the room, and for Suzette to give opinion as to the colour and style of the new papering. It was to be a MorriB paper, although that would entail new oarpet and ourtains, aud a oomplote revolu lion as to ooiouring. "Spare them!" echoed Allan, detaining her. " Who wants you to spare them? When will you bring them with you? When are you coming to take possession of the bouse, whioh is no home for me uutil you are the mis tress of it? This was by no means the first time the question had been ashed. Again and again had Allan pleaded that his marriage might be. soon. There was no reason why he should wait for his wife. His position was estab lished, his house was ready ; a bouse ae well found ns that flagship had been on whose quarter-deck theadmiral had moved as a king. Why should he wait ? He could never love hie future wife more dearly than he loved her now. All the framework of his life would be out of gear till he had brought her home to the bouse which seemed joyless and empty for want of her. " When is it to be, Suzette? When am I to be oompletely happy ?" "'What, are you not happy, par example? You talked about overwhelming happiness when I said ' Yes.'" "That was the promise of happiness. It lifted me to the skies; but it was only the promise. I am pining for the realization. I want you all to myself—to have and to hold for ever and ever; beside my hearth ; inter woven with my life; mine always and always ; j no lunger a bright, capricious spirit, glancing about me like si gleam of sunshine, and vanish ing like the sunbeam : but a woman—my very own—of one mind and of one heart with me. Suzette, if you love me, you will not spin ont the time of dreams; you will give yourself to j me really and for ever." There was an earnestness in his tone that scared her. The blushes faded from her cheeks, and she looked at him pale and startled, and sudden tears rushed to her eyes. "Yousaid you would give me time,"she faltered ; " time to know you better—to be certain." And then recovering her gaiety in an instant—" Now, Allan, it is too bad of yon. Did I not tell yon that I would not be married till my one- and-twentieth birthday? IVbydo you tease me to alter the date? Surely you don't want to marry an infant." " And your birthday will be on the twenty third of June," said 'Allan, rather sullenly. Newly a year from now." '' Ne«r!y_ • year from- October to .JdBef whet odd ideas you have about arithmetic. And bow I tnuBb run and find Lady Emily. We are going to drive to Morton Tower* together." Allan made way for her to pass. and fol lowed her downstairs, vexed and disheartened. Hie mother wa* to leave him next day; and then there.would be one hoiiae the less in whioh be and Suzette could meet—the houet whioh was to be their home. He had not visited Mrs. Wornook einoe her nocturnal perambulation, and he had pre vented hi* mother paying her a second visit, although the hope of a white peaoook and a certain intereit in the widow* personality had made Lady Emily anxious to call at the Manor. Allan had found reasons for putting ' off any euoh call, without saying one dis paraging word about the lady, lie had heard of Mrs. Wornook from Suzette, who re proaohed him for going no more to DiBCombe. "I did not know you were so fickle," she said. _ "I really think you have behaved abominably to poor Mrs. Wornook. She is always asking me why you don't go to see her; and I am tired of inventing exouses," Suzette was at the Manor every other day. Mr*. Wornook was teaching her to play the organ. "Is it not sweet of her?" Bhe asked Allan. "And though I don't suppose she ever gave any one a lesBon in her life till she began to teach me, she has the teaobinggift in a marked degree. I love to learn of her. I oan play some simple things of Haydn's not altogether badly. Perhaps you will do me the honour to come and hear me some day, when I have got a little further." "I will go to hear you to-morrow, if I may." " What 1 Then you have no objection to Discombe in the abstraob, though you have out poor Mrs. Wornook for the laet six weeks ?" "I was eomuch oaoupied with my mother." "And your mother wanted badly to call upon Mrs. Wornook, and you always put a stumbling-blook in her way. But I am happy to Bay, Lady Emily is to have the white psa oock all the same. She is to have a pair of birds. I have taken oare of that." "Like a good and thoughtful daughter." When Allan came back from the station, alter seeing his mother safely seated in the London train, he found a letter from Mrs. Wornook on the ball table—a hand-delivered letter whioh bad just arrived. It was brief and to the point. " Why have you deserted me Allan ? Have I unconsciously offended you, or is there no room in your heart for friendship as well as love ? I hear of your happiness from Suzbtte; but I want to see you and your sweetheart roaming about the gardens here as in the old days, before you w> re engaged lovers. How that Lady Emily is leaving Beecbhurst, you will have time to spare for me." The letter seemed a reproach, and he felt that he deserved to be reproached by her. How kind she bad been, how sympathetic, how interested in his lore-story ; and what an ingrate he must appear in her eyes. He did not wait for the following morning ai»d the musio leBson, lest Mrs. Wornook should think he went to Disoombe only on Suzette's account. He set out immediately after reading that reproachful little letter, and walked through the lanes and copses to the Manor House. It was 4 o'olook when he arrived, and Mrs. Warnock was at home and alone. The swell ing tones of that wonderful organ answered his question on the threshold. No beginner oould play with that broad, strong touch, whioh gave grandeur to the simple phrases of an Agnus Dei by Palesbrina. She started up as Allan was anDounoed, and wentquiokly to meet him, giving him both her hands. "This is so good of you," she exclaimed. "Then you are not offended, and you have forgiven me?" " My dear Mrs. Wornock, why should I bo offended ? I have received nothing but kind ness from you." "I thought you might be angry with me for refusing the invitation to your lunohoon party." " It would have been very impertinent of me to be angry, when I know what a recluse yon are." " It is a month sinoe you were here—a whole calendar month. Why didn't you bring Lady Emily to see me? But perhaps she did not wieh to oome. WaB that bo?" "No, Mrs. Wornook," he answered ooldly. "My mother wished to oall upon you." " And you prevented her?" " Yes." "Why did you do that?" " Hare I be frank with you ?" "Yes, yes, yes ! You cannot be too frank. I love you, Allan, Always remember that. You are to me as a second eon." Her warmth startled and soared him. His face Hushed hotly, and he stood before her in mute embarrassment. If the secret of the past was indeed the guilty secret which he had suspected, there was utter shamelassness in this speech of hers. " Allan, why are you so silent ?" " Because there are some things that can hardly be said ; least of all by a man of my age to a woman of yours." "There is nothing that you can Bay to me, Allan, about myself or my regard for you, that can bring a blush to my faco or to yours. There is nothing in my life of which I need be ashamed in your sight or in the Bight of my son." "Forgive me, forgive me, if my secret thoughts have sometimes wronged you. There has been so much to surprise and mystify me. Your agitation on bearing my father's name ; your painful embarrassment when I brought my mother here; and last, and most of all, your Becret visit to Beechliurst when my father was tliero." " What! yon know of that?" " Yej ; I saw yourfaoe at the open window, looking in at him." She clasped her hands, and there were tears in her eyes. " Yes," she faltered, after a silence of some moments, "I was looking at the face I had not seen for nearly thirty years—the face that looked at me like a ghost from the past, and had no knowledge of me, no oars for me.. I knew that he oould uot be dead. I have Bought for him in the spirit world, again and again and again, in long days and nights of waiting, in my dreams, in long, tar-reaohing thoughts that have carried my soul away from the dull earth; but there was no answer—not a thought, not a breath out of that unseen world where my spirit would have touched his had he died while he was youog, and while he still loved me. But he lived, and grew old like me, and found a ntw love, and bo we are as wide apart as if we had never met. I Btood in the darkness outside your window for nearly an hour, looking at him, listening to hie voioe when he spoke—the dear, kind voice. That was not changed." " It is true, then ? You knew and loved my father years ago?" "Yes, knew him and loved him, and would have haap his wife if it had been bis happi sibbb to marry..me.. Think of that, Allan, I was to havebeen hiswife, and 1 gave him up for bis own sake." " Why did you do that ? Why should you not have married him?" "Beoauae I was onlyapoor girl, and be waa a gentleman—the only aon of a rioh widow, and ie inother.would never have forgiven him for anoh a marriage. I knew nothing of that when he asked me to be ..hie. wife. > I only knew _ that we loved eaoh other truly and dearly. But just "before the day that waa to have bBnn our wedding-day hia mother name to medhd told me that if I persisted in marrying him I should bB the bane of hie life. It would be aooial extinction for him to marry me. Sooial extinotion! I remember those Words, though I hardly knew then what they meant. I waa hot eighteen, Allan, and I knew leas of the world than many ohildren of eight. But I did not give up my happiness without a struggle. There waB strong per suasion brought to bear upon me, and at last I yielded for hia aake." "And blighted his life," exolaimed Allan. "My mother is the beat of women and the beBt of wives; but I have always known that my father's marriage waa a loveless marriage. Well," be went on, reoovering himself quickly, apprehensive lest he should oheapen bis mother's position by revealing too muoh, "you ooted generously, and no doubt for the beat, in making that saorifioe, and all has worked round well. You married a good man and seoured a position of more importance than my father s smaller means oould have given yon." "Position! means!" she repeated in bit terest Boom. "Ob, Allan, don't think so poorly of me as to suppose that it was Mr. Wornook's wealth whioh attracted me. I married him because he was kind and sympa thetic and good to me in my loneliness—a pupil at a German oonservatoire, living with stonyhearted people who only oared for me to the extent of the money that was paid for my board and lodging, and who were always saying hard things to me beoause they bad agreed to take me bo oheaply— too oheaply, they eaid. I used to feel as if I were cheating them when I eat at their wretohed meals, and I was thankful that I had a wretohed appe sue. . ''You were oruelly used, dear Mrs. Wor nook. I can just remember my grandmother, and I know she was a hard woman. She had no right to interfere with her eon's disposal of bis life." "No, she had no right. If I had known even as much of the world as I know now, when Miss Marjorum—Mrs. Beresford's mes senger—came to me I would have aoted differently. I know uow that a gentleman need not bo ashamed of marrying a penniless girl if there is nothing against her but poverty; but then I believed j;what MUs Marjorum told me, believed that I should blight the life of the man who loved me with euch generous eelf-saoriGoing love. Why should he alone be generous, and I selfish and indifferent to bis welfare ?" "But bow did he suffer you to Bacrifice yourself at his mother's biddiug " He had no power to atop me. It was all settled without his knowledge. I hops he was not very sorry—dear, dear George, so generous, so true, so noble. Oh, how I have loved him all my life, all my life.. My bus band knew that I had no heart to give bim, thatloould be his obedient wife, but that I could never love him as I had loved" Again her sobs choked her speech. She threw herself into a chair and abandoned herself to that passionate grief. " Dear Mrs. Wornock, forgive me for re viving these sorrow Till memories. I was wrong ; 1 ought not to have spoken" "No, no, there is nothing to forgive. It does mo good to talk of the past—with you, Allan, with you, not with any one else. And now you know why my heart went out to you from the first. Why, you are to ma almost as a son—almost aB dear ub iny own son—and your future wife aB my daughter. It does me good to talk to you of that tirno—so long and long ago; it does me good to talk of my dead self. I have never forgotten. The put has always been dearer to me than anything in this life that came afterwards." "I do not think iny fathuv has forgotten any more than you have, Mrs. Wornoek. I know that there has always been a oloud over his life—the shadow of one sad memory. I havo felt and understood this without know ing whence tho shadow came." " He wib too truehearted to forget easily," Mrs. Wornook said gently, "and we were both so young. I was his first love as he was mine. And when a first love is pure and strong as ours was it must be first and last, must it not, Allan ?" " Ye!,"heanswored, halfdoubtiully, remem bering certain sketchy loves of his own, and hoping that they could hardly be ranked as love, so that ho might believe that his passion for Suzette was essentially the first—essen tially, if not actually. JNo, X have never forgotten, Mrs. Wornook ropoatod musingly, seatiug herself at the pieno, and softly touching the notes now and then, playing a f6w bars of pensive melody sotto voce as she talked, now a phrase from an adagio of. Beethoven's —now a resolution from a prelude by Bach, dropping gravely down into the bass with softly repetitive phrases, from piano to pianissimo, melting into Bilenco liko a sigh. "No, I have never forgoten — and I have suffered from the pains as we'l as the pleasures of memory. Before my eon was born, and after, there was a long interval of darkness when I lived only in the past, when the shadows of the past were more real to me than the living things of the present, when my husband's faoe was dim and unreal, and that dear face from the past was al ways near mo, with the kind smile that comforted me in my desolate youth. Yes, I loved him, Allan, loved him, and gave him up for his own sake. And now you tell me my sacritice was useless, that, even with the wife his mother ohose for | hi in, the kind good wife, he has nob been altogether happy." " His life has been placid, studious, kindly, and useful. It may be that he was beBt fitted for that oalm, seoluded life—it may be that if { you had taken the more natural and the more selfish oourse—and in so doing parted him for j ever from his mother, who was a proud woman, capable of life-long resentment—it may be that remorse might have blighted his life, and that even your lovn would not have onnsoled him under the conviotion that he had broken hie mother's heart. I know that, j after her strong-minded masterful fashion, 1 she adored him. He was all she had in this world to love or care for; and it ie quite i possible that a lasting quarrel with him might have killed her. Dear Mrs. Wornook, pray do nob think that your saorifioe was alto- | gather in vain. No euoh eelf-Burrender as .that oan be without some good fruit. I do not pretend to be a holy person, but I do believe in the powqr.of goodness. And, oon sider, dear friend, your life has not been all unhappy. You had a kind and good hus band." " Good X .'He was more than good, and for over a year of our married life I was a burden to him. He was an exile from the home he loved,for my sake—forme, who ought to hove brightened hie home for him." "But that was only a dark interval," eaid Allan, remembering what Mrs. Mornington' had told him, of the long ireaidenoe at Griudel wald, and the birth of the heir in that remote epot. "There were happier. dey« after vrardi." , " Tea, we had a few peaoeful years here, before death took him from me, and while our boy was growing in strength and beauty." "And in these long years of widowhood musio has been your oomforter. In your de votion to art you have lived the higher life." * "Tea,", she answered, with an inspired look, striking a triumphant chord, "music has been my oomforter—musio has oonjured baok my dead father, my lost lover. Muaia has been my life and my hope." 