YACHTING YABBER. (By Jackyard.) The yacht racing programme of the 1894-95 season gracefully bowed out on Saturday afternoon last, when the Port and Glenelg Clubs each held a race, the former in the waters of Largs and the latter in Holdfast Bay. The weather on this occasion was eminently lively, and the crews of the competing yachts did their best to look nice in the " yaller" oilskins I which they donned. These grand old chest protectors are not to be despised.: They do keep out the wet, as one of the Erlinya crew found out when he fell overboard on Saturday. This young gentleman, like Judge Bundey's im mortalized friend, seems to possess a partiality for falling overboard, but somehow or other he generally has the discretion to wait till the ship is on the moorings before he performs the operation. The race at Glenelg was for the Carriena Cup, a trophy pre sented by K ear-Commodore Boucaut. By her victory on Saturday the Ata lanta now regards this cup in the same light as a dog does a bone, and the other yachts have the same regard for the Atalanta as the other canines have for their more fortunate brother. This is in consequence of the provision that the yacht securing the greatest number of successes in five annual contests shall be the final possessor, and Mr. Bruce's craft has now secured two wins out of two. Originally five yachts nominated. The Bimbowrie represen tative has now given up '' letting her went," and as a result the Sunbeam did not start. It was apparently not Mr. Bishop's direct fault that the Laughing Wave met with the mishap which pre vented her from starting. The tiller carried away just as her signal was hoisted to go, and a well cutter being in the road there was nothing left for this boat to do but to bang into it. There is a Jonah aboard the Laughing Wave somewhere. Masts, and tillers, and guys, and all that sort of things do not carry away entirely " on their own." Toss him over. Well, finally the race was left to the Atalanta, Cooraka, and Erlinya to decide. The Cooraka got away, through no fault of her owner, a little over a minute late, but this did not affect her ultimate performance, and the event was " finallier " narrowed down to a battle between the Atalanta and the Erlinya. The former triumphed by fifty-three seconds, and " Jackyard" is going to stick Mr. Bruce up for a drink. How do you like his chance ? The race at Largs Bay was for ships under or not over three rating. The Solace, Doris, and Shona were entered, but the latter was prevented from starting, so we are told, by her anchor having fouled the moorings of another yacht. I may be wrong, but I could never see the force of using an anchor when you are racing. The yacht never seems to make much progress when the anchor has a say in the matter. Surely this could not have been Mr. Belt's trouble. I think it just possible that the Shona people could get 40 of their anchors fouled round another yacht's moorings, but that would not prevent them from getting under weigh if they chose to do so. Nevertheless the Solace and Doris had a spin between themselves, and the late Port Augusta craft put up a good performance. As was to be expected the larger boat wrould have an advantage in the sea of last Satur day, and the Solace had to avail her self of her larger proportions, and sail, and ability to go through a sea in order to shake off her smart little rival, who did not loose badly to Mr. Beard's ship. Sans Souci, "the yachtsman's home," the home of hospitality, the home of Commodore Munton, was last Satur day evening the rendezvous of many yachtsmen and cricketers. At least once during the season Mr. Munton commands his residence and grounds to assume Oriental garb, and it is while in this picturesque state that the Host lays himself out to dispense hospitable treatment to his innumerable friends. Commodore Munton's desire in life seems to be in the direction of filling his friends' cups with jollity, mirth, and good cheer, and to visit Sans Souci is to find this out most unmistakably. On Saturday last the large number of guests spent the usual happy evening, the musical programme being quite a feature of the proceedings. The cheers for the Host which were given at the con clusion are still wandering about Brighton. Napoleon's campaigns made one million French women widows, and three million children fatherless. * * * The average breakfast in a modest American house where only one maid is kept, or perhaps none, is described as something like this :—Fruit, porridge of oatmeal, hominy or some other cereal, beefsteak, fried potatoes, hot cakes of some kind, with preserves or maple syrup, coffee, and iced water. SjC i)C One of the members of the Paris Academy of Science has been care fully watching some locusts for months, and he finds that one of these insects will lay as many as from 500 to 900 eggs during a season of from 10 to 11 months. * * * Two women of Baker County, Oregon, own silver mines, and are running them in person. They do not actually handle shovels and sift the earth, but they superintend the working of their property, and while they admit that the business has rough sides for a woman, they are making money and purpose keeping on. One title is not nearly enough for some British peers. For instance the Duke of Athole has 23, the Duke of Hamilton has 17, the Dukes of Argyle and Buccleuch have 16 each, the Marquis of Bute has 15, and the Duke of Ahercorn has 13. * * * Becent insurance statistics show that if the wife dies first the husband, on an average, survives nine years; while if the husband dies first the wife survives 11 years. * * * Mr. J. B. Morley, who has been playing with Jennie Lee's Company in South Africa, has received very compli mentary press notices. • * * * Princess May is said to be super stitious on the subject of opals. Yet the Duke of Clarence had the engage ment ring mounted with opals. Does May think of the girl from Malta ? * * * Patti once said, "Never lose your temper. No woman can keep young who often loses her temper. When I feel that my temper is getting the better of me I always leave the room." Joan of Arc had a brother named Pierre who left descendants, and the family has survived unto this day, The death is announced of a certain Renandean d'Arc, who is believed to be a direct descendant of Pierre. For many years he has been, appropriately enough, head station-master at Rouen, where the maid was burned. * * * Children's Hospital Sunday. Yes, and not one church contributed so fbuch as <£2 to a cause which should be regarded almost as sacred. * Sfc. * An Englishman, who has been stopping at Crafers, was so pleased with the service in the Church of England, in that locality recently that he presented the pastor with a cheque for £50. And now every clergyman in South Australia is on the hunt for that Englishman. * * * Mr. W. N. Waite, of the East-End Market Hotel, has attended every show held at Mount Barker for the last eighteen years. This record has, however, been easily beaten. Mr. Halliday has not missed a show at the Mount for forty-six years, and Mr. Pugh has been present at each show at one of the prettiest of our country towns for forty-five years in succession. * * * It is stated that a large Melbourne drapery firm has declined to employ anybody connected with the Women's Franchise League, and that the firm is being boycotted in consequence. * * * The j udges—whoever they may be— are saying that Mr. C. R. Jones has a better voice than Mr. James Norrie. * * * A New Zealand paper, commenting on the recent presence of the Rev. Joseph Berry in Auckland, says that he was mistaken for the Bishop of Salisbury, and has not been known to smile since. No; Joseph is not smiling. He is writing newspaper articles. * * * George Giffen is not at all popular with Melbourne cricketing crowds. If he is bowling they are on the growl ail the time. " Get wickets. Of course he gets wickets. Anybody could do it if he went on bowling long enough." Graham is the pet of the Melbourne cricketers. ** * * "The present Government is a one man business," So says George Leake speaking of the West Australian Ministry. And he is about right." * * * The weekly bill for water paid by the owner of the Great Western Hotel, Coolgardie, is said to amount to over ,£100. New York banks have lost by the stealings of their own officers nearly <£1,100,000 in ten years. * * * Edison's great grandfather died at 102, his grandfather at 103, and his father is 90 years old, and with any amount of life in him. * * Gas at Bathurst, New South Wales, was 7s. per 1,000 feet until the Municipal Council started works of their own. Now both are making it pay at Is. 9d. per 1,000 feet. The moral is obvious. * * * Londonderry Mills, who is now worth <£70,000, is touring New Zea land. It is said that he left his billet in Victoria because a certain country lassie refused to be his wife. But when he had got the cash he went back, and she accepted hiin all right. * * * The Rev. L. Sorginson, of Mel bourne, says :—" If some well-meaning Christian folks had their way this world would be smitten by a most appalling dulness." * * * A mean man sold a horse the other day, and after the transaction wanted to remove the gee-gee's shoes as they were "not in the bond." * * * The Rev. Dr. Brown recently re ceived a letter from a Fiji missionary describing a recent cyclone. The writer said—" The best thing a man can do in a hurricane is to keep on praying and nailing up diagonal braces." IjC Mr. Frank Toms, the well-known cyclist, is on his way to England. He was one of our absolutely straight riders, and he will be much missed in cycling circles. * * * Arthur Garner, who holds 25,000 shares in the Princess Theatre, Mel i bourne, says they are worth £2,500 a year. Which means two bob each. * * * The Premier says he has an Irish colleague in the Ministry, " a man who is Irish from the sole of his head to the top of his feet." sjc 5jc rfc The people who are talking about dissensions in the South Australian Cabinet are just the people who would like to believe that there are such dissensions ; which there are not. * * * The Rev. Dr. Dale, one of the great guns of Congregationalism, is now practising on the harp in the heavenly choir. Quiz recollects interviewing Dr. Dale some years ago, and the conclusion he arrived at was that the clergyman was by no means a bad sort of fellow. * * * Cable :—" The King of Swaziland has, rather than be deposed, expressed, to the Transvaal Commissioners his willingness to be proclaimed paramount chief." Rather ! The Duke of Coburg, otherwise Prince Alfred of Edinburgh, cabled out instructions for awreath in his name to be placed on the coffin of* Sir Robert Duff. The unfortunate officer who parts up the money for this? wreath will be left. * * * A football umpire this season will be paid at the rate of £3 per week, with payment for extra games at the rate of £3. * * * Tom Price, M.P., is evidently of a litigious frame of mind. He says that he will not stand for the Start or any other district until he' has proved up to the hilt his charges in his Mitcham speech. Tom has been talking through the back of his neck again. Jimmy Malcolm means to have another shot at the district of Wallaroo at the next general electionsf _ * He will be missing again. * * * "Killarney and Circingle broke their necks." Thus ran the notice on the Register board. There wasn't a word about the jockeys. A horse is much more important than a man nowadays. * * sk The Czarina is fond of swimming, and is having a large bath of white marble made at the Winter Palace to enable her to pursue the exercise. * * * Sir Edward Braddon, Premier of Tasmania, looks like one of the aristocratic characters in his sister's novels. * * * Lady Gwendolen Cecil, second daughter of Lord Salisbury, is the author of " The Closed Cabinet," a powerful ghost story published in a recent Blackwood. ❖ * * •/ t Miss Margaret Benson, daughter of the Archbishop of Canterbury, has written a small volume of sketches and studies of animals in their domestic relations, entitled "Subject to Vanity." The book is illustrated by the author, who is a cousin of " Dodo " Benson. * 5»S * Sir Henry Thompson says that no man who eats to excess has a brilliant intellect. " Scrutator/' a doddering scribe in one of the New Zealand papers, lets off some superfluous bile in commenting upon the recent deciding test match. AjEter rejoicing most heartily at the " complete and convincing" downfall of the Australians, he refers in delicate terms to the nauseating effect of " Australian blow," and thinks that " the blatherskite element in the land of bankrupt Banks and swindling land companies" should now in decency hold its tongue. "Scrutator" is nothing if not impartial in his abuse, and after thus wiping out the " blatherskites " in one fell swoop he proceeds to take the press to task for their unfairness of spirit and general depravity with regard to the English team. Their reports, he asserts, have been misleading and partial. The Press Association also come under the ban of his displeasure for allowing the boy reporters to wallow in a quagmire of mixed metaphors when describing the game. After a spasmodic snort at the "corrupt" colonies generally, "{Scrutator" winds up with a wild \ whoop of joy at " the final taking down of the great blowhard nation." " Scrutator" is doubtless one of the many aliens who thrust themselves upon us, and who, while scooping in the good things provided for them, do not hesitate to " openly rejoice" at the reverses of the " blawsted cawlinies." This characteristic of theirs, combined with a weakness for cheering the top dog, causes the average Australian to think hard and wonder which the worst evil is—the yellow man from the East or the gentleman from 'Ome. Here is a yarn which Percy St. John tells. The locality doesn't matter very much. It was far distant any way, and a chronic thirst had seized Ioni all the inhabitants of the place. Some of them had no money; two at least had not, and there wasn't a pawnbroker in the town. The duo were discussing possibilities, which appeared to be slight. Presently one of them became philosophic. " Arehi medes," he said, " once announced that he would have raised the world if he could have got a sufficient fulcrum for his lever." "By Jinks," replied his companion, " I'd raise h- 1 if I could only get £2 10s. on mine !" * * * A man walked into the Sydney G.P.O. the other day with a parcel in his hand, and to the enquiry de arfcment went he and thus addressed >he clerk—" Now, if you tell me what I want to know, then I shall be able to tell the other fellow what I will rant to know." The clerk seized the reel, put it on the scales—"Three nce" was the answer. " Ah, thanks much. Good day."—Meph. ; They are telling a more or less true yarn at the expense of W. R. Cave. It is related that someone walked into the Grenfell Street establishment and asked, " What is the price of wheat ?" Oh, d n Price," was the reply. <( * * * This is a rather gruesome kind of yarn, but it is actually tru£. A man committed suicide some two^^or^tbree years ago. He shuffled off this mortal coil in a rather plebeian m^i^r^ trust ing, to' the hemp that holds $atner than to the razor which is slippery. Ah • / V" inquest was held, and.th^ rope Was left round the neck of the moribund person. At all events a yerdict was given, and two orf,three persons left the scene with the cbrpse in charge on the way to Modern' Athens. /The day was hot, and they decided to halt and assuage their thirst. " While they were assimilating a mild ginger beer the horse outside took it into his head that he would go off on a prospecting tour, and he did. just at this moment the dead man determined that he was not going to be beaten, and he also left the trap with the rope round his neck. One of the ends of the rope got entangled with the buggy, and the corpse was dragged along for about three miles before the gentlemen who were drinking ginger beer had any conception of the occurrence. Then they laid down in the roadway and laughed. The idea of a corpse driving a flashy horse was altogether too funny ! * * * This is the season for cricket yarns. Let us have another of them. The hero is a butcher. Two clubs in the suburbs had met each other time after time, and victory had rested with neither. They determined, there fore, to play a test match on a neutral ground, and with this object in view they approached the man of meat. You want to use my ground," said « the knight of the cleaver. " Very well, I don't mind. But it must be on one condition. I am going to play, too." "Oh, but you don't seem to under stand. This is a test match. We are going to try conclusions for the last time." " Test match be hanged ! I'm going to play or else you wont use my paddock." And so it was eventually settled. One of the teams agreed to take the butcher into its ranks, and on winning the toss the butcher was sent in first. He decided to play with a considerable amount of caution, but the first ball he received landed in the hands of short slip. " How's that ?" came the unanimous appeal from the field. Then the umpire had a consultation with the bowler. " Let him have another chance," said he, and the bowler being complaisant, operations were resumed. Two balls later the butcher sent a very soft one into the hands of point, and " How's that, umpire," was heard around the field. "Oh, give him another try," said the arbitrator. "All right, sir," said the bowler, who with his next ball picked out the middle stump of the butcher. There was no mistaking it this time. " Out," said the umpire. " Out," repeated the butcher. "Out, am I? Well, I'm d——d if every one of you don't go out of my blooming paddock." And they did. * * * Picture to yourself this picture. Two members of the Legislative Council had been on a shooting trip, and they had met with more than ordinary success. In fact, they had shbt; so many ducks that they did not know what to do with the residae. A long consultation followed, and eventually the bags, which were standing on the platform at Murray Bridge, were labelled, " Mr. , Cehtral Market, Adelaide." Aristo cracy In duck shooting is becoming a bit of a misnomer. * * * Dear Quiz—He was a genuine specimen of the hard case loafer panting for a drink. Selecting what he thought was a new arrival, he engaged him on the subject of the weather, expecting a cooler in return for his eloquence. His hair rose on end when the new arrival in an innocent manner informed him that he had just arrived from regions where their is neither frost nor snow, and that he considered it very nice, com fortable weather—just the very thing he wanted in order to get himself cooled down a bit. The bummer fled precipitately. Did he imagine the stranger to be a certain personage whose name is unmentionable in polite society ?—Yours, Sat anas. Thus the Auckland Observer and Free Lance : — " The long-haired Tennyson Smith has been heard from. He is touring Victoria. At a place called Koroit, the other day, he an nounced the c trial of the notorious criminal, Alcohol.' A bottle labelled ' Whisky' was stuck on a table to represent the prisoner, and a judge and jury having been sworn in, the trial commenced. Tennyson prosecuted, of course, and Mr. Chambers, a local solicitor, appeared for the defence. Tennyson led off with a wild harangue which lasted for an hour, and in the course of which he said the local hotelkeepers were jointly liable with the prisoner. Counsel for the defence wondering whether that bottle really did hold whisky, pleaded that the prisoner should not be 6 gagged,' and the cork being drawn, Counsel first smelt and then tasted the contents. Then with a smile he turned to the Bench and said—'May it please your Honor and gentlemen of the jury, I find the unfortunate subject of all this abuse is simply pure water, and there fore the case must be dismissed.' Amidst roars of laughter the prisoner was ' discharged.' Mr. Chambers' objection burst up the show !" A young puppy who lives in Adelaide was taught a severe lesson the other day. He is one of those cads who fancy that a girl who earns her living behind a bar is a fair mark for any kind of insult. Chancing to meet one in in the street he accosted her with impudent words. The young woman had more spirit than he had reckoned upon, and responded with a vigorous slap on his cheek. ' But that was his least vulnerable part, and he wasn't hurt much. Like the brave fellow he was he followed her up to her hotel and took another opportunity to repeat the affront. This time he aroused the anger of a more manly bystander, who took up the cudgels on behalf of the girl and dealt Mr. Impudence a thrashing he will not forget for a year or two. A black eye and abraded temple he still carries about as outward and visible signs of the encounter: The Directors of the Mutual Store (Melbourne), a large, co-operative trading concern, at the half-yearly meeting, held a few days back, f urnished the shareholders present with the most interesting exhibition of a house divided against itself. These meetings, in con sequence of the lively feelings usually displayed, are as a rule well patronised, and in this instance the proceedings opened to the proverbial full house. The Chairman moved the adoption of the report, during which his veracity was questioned on two occasions only. The discussion whidh followed, how ever, was worth going miles to hear, and afforded the wildest mirth to the dispassionate onlooker. Out of a Babel of voices such expressions as "Stinking Fish," "Jabbering Idiot," &c.;, could be heard, whilst other pearls of our noble language were handed round in the most impartial manner. Some time elapsed before a lull occurred, and the Chairman seized the oppor tunity while the rioters were sparring for wind to declare the report passed. A proposal to appoint a committee to revise the rules, &c.;, which practically meant that the Directors should be superseded, provoked a stormy opposi tion, and further recriminations en sued, during which one luminous headed gentleman expressed a strong desire to bounce an inkbottle off the forehead of a hard-featured obstruc tionist. Finally, however the - inevi table poll was demanded, and the meeting closed with that empty and unnecessary compliment, a vote of thanks to the Chairman. * * * A Hobart man charged his wife with using "language" to him the other day. And you might have knocked him down with a quill pen when the magistrate blandly informed him that if a fine was imposed he would have to settle it, as the lady had no separate estate, and that, further, if a breach of the peace was committed he would be liable to punishment, as the law required hini to exercise proper control over his life partner. * * * A candidate for the district of Barossa a few years ago was asked whether he would favor the making of Sandy Creek—a town far from the sea—a seaport town. He replied that he would give the subject his serious, consideration, and then he wondered why the audience laughed. Later on he wondered why he was not elected, and he is still in the same puzzled condition. 