THE PIRATE TEN: A SALT-WATER ROMANCE. By W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of 'The Golden Hope,' *'A Sea Queen,' 'The Wreck of the Grosvenor,' ' The Frozen Pirate,' ' The Death Ship,' ' The Good Ship Mohock,' &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapteb XIX. — {Continued). Mr. Masters, passing out of the cuddy by way of the quarter-deck, gained the poop and stood at the lee rail clasping a backstay, with his gaze fastened upon the magnificent lights shaking and feathering under the sun astern. Da- venire caught sight of him, but pursued his dignified walk to and fro without giving him heed. They were singing a, jolly song in the cuddy, a rattling good song with a hurricane chorus for a dogwatch in the north-east trades outward bound with a shipload of home-sick hearts. Masters did not seem to hear the chorus, yet it should have fitted his mood. The two lines the most distinctly roared out were : — Then cheer up, Sam, doa't let your spirits go down, There's many a gell that I know well who's waiting' for you in the town. On a sudden Davenire, breaking into a grant of a laugh as though some fancy bred of the song had tickled him, crossed the deck. ' Our find this morning don't seem to have given you much soul, Sain,' said be. ' The chaps want to sing, you into sweeter spirits. Why do you bother yourself and us about the women in the boats ? You don't kill this sort of cattle with paper knives do you?' 'Fm all right. What's wrong with me ? I was glad enough this morning. One can't keep one's jollity fixed as though it was a weathercock you can nail,' said Masters, fold ing his arms and turning his back'upon the sea to lean against tue ran. Davenire thrust his immense hands into his breeches pockets and listened to. the singing with a half smile and a face crimsoned by the light. 'Since Shannon didn't walk in his sleep,'' continued Masters, 'what on earth was his object in going to the flying jibboom end and howling there? On the very eve of the attempt — it might have been death to us.' 'He answered you below,' replied Dave nire, looking at him without turning his head and speaking deep with sudden sullenness. 'He said he wanted to clear the after deck— what for ?' ' What a fool you are ?' exclaimed Davenire, stiffening his figure and looking Musters full iu the face. 'What do you mean by that 5' said Masters. letting his arms fall. The big man grinned a grin that quickly vanished. The bright light lay dull upon the wine-glaze in his eye, but he was by no manner of means tipsy. 'There's something happened, r' said Masters, speaking steadily. Unhappy man ! his brains were fossilised by years of liquor ; there was nothing iu an afternoon's drench of cliampagne to stagger him ; 'which Burn and I, of all the fellows, know nothing about. I insist on my rights as one of you. What's this secret?' 'All! what?' rejoined ' Devcnire, with a slow exasperating'smile. He was too big aud dangerous a man for the light frame of Masters to meddle with and he knew it whilst he sneered. 'Does it concern Miss Mansel?' Masters asked. ' Dash it, go below and ask Caldwell for the story. He hasn't got my tenderness of con science and memory,' answered Davenire, swaying with uncertainty upon the heave of the plank and often with his hands buried in his breeches pockets inclining towards Masters as though lie would fall upon him. ' It was understood that there was to be no foul play, nothing murderous, you know,' said tlio young^feilow, speaking witli a {pale face, 'iu this plundering job. If you mean to tell me ? ' , 'What?' exclaimed the other, pulling his hands from his pockets and folding his im mense arms upon his table-land of chest. ' Was Miss Mansell made away with by anv of you ?' The rousing chorus of 'Cheer up, Sam,' swept through the skylights and died out over the sea, in the wind. ' What right have you to question me in this fashion, pray ?' said Davenire, with a dull flash in the glaze of his eye like a signal of h'ghtning and storm in a hot cornerof heaven. 'Whatever happens benefited you, anyhow — left you with 11 free conscience and the privi lege of finding yoxtr share of the booty without any rust of blood upon it. Hey 1 Ain't that euough for you, ?' He rolled his l-ig form as though ho was goiug to throw himself into a fighting posture. ' Did Caldwell doit?' 'Go and ask him, you ? ' 33ut whatever the ugly word was to have been Davenire swallowed it down, contented himself with looking it, and strolled off to windward with a haughty gait of conscious boo::iness. Then, launching aft, he planted himself alongside William, on legs wide apart, aud seemed to listen to the singing in the cuddy. Masters watched him ; presently he walked to the foremost skylight and looked down at the fellows sitting at the table ; his face was deadly white with passion, but it was not fear. Tho first man his eyes fell upon sitting imme diately under the open frame was Mr. Dike Caldwell. They were singing some other chorus just then, aud Caldwell, with wine reddened eyes lifted to the skylight, and red lips htrctchiug and gaping ;is lie sang-, was keeping time to the air with an emptv glass. When iiosaw Masters looking down he~nudged Weston and both stared up, continuing1 to sing and grinning. Masters walked to this com panion hatch. ' lvouse some; of those chaps up, will you ?' shouted Daveimv from tho wheel. ' They'll L»e^ petting drunk aud lying helpless in the cabin. Toll them the Ijreeze is freshening. You can't send champagne bottles aiof t to furi royals.' Masters heaid without heeding and entered the cuddy. Trollupe was in the act of rising. When he saw Musters he exclaimed — ' Here's iaanipsou with a face as cheerful as a skull.' ' A death's head for this table,' called out Shannon, in a voice broken by falsetto notes — '*'Tis time v.'e should be reminded of our mortality.' ' What do you waut with me that you stare luce that? said Caldwell, looking up at Masters, who had walked to his side. Then turning to Weston he said very audibly, 'Has he gone mad ?' ' It was understood,' said Masters, in a voice 30 strained as to be a pain to the ear with its teusion of nerve and stretch of passion, 'when we engaged in this adventure that there was to be no bloodshed. , Caldwell, you murdered a girJ. Burn,' he aimost shrieked, '1 have found it out from Davenire : that's the secret ; the rest of 'em know it. This villain murdered a poor helpless girl.' In silence Caldwell sprang to his feet and lurching back aimed a Olow at Masters ; the heavy fist caught the young fellow on the side of the head and knocked him with a stupid look on his white fuce against a cabin bulk head. But for the swing of the ship at the instant of that blow it would have been fair between the eyes aud a crusher. ' None of that ; not amongst gentlemen ; not in this time of luck,' yelled Troilope, seeing Masters pull oil' his coat. 'There's wine in tin's. Skep over it. Turn in, Masters. You're no match for that man whose soul iu wrath is a fiend's. Turn iu.' Breathing hard aud fast, with a look of hellish malice in his scowling black face, Cald well was waiting to plant a second blow — waiting till the othta- had freed Jiis arms. The rest, seeing wJiat was to happen, sprang from their seats and, clamorous with wine ana good intentions, tumbled between th« two. ' This isut the Highway, Dike !' shouted Cavendish. ' Clear out, Musters, and cool your blood at the head pump !' bawled Shannon. ' If it's to be business between you let us remember that we are gentlemen !' said Han key. \ ' Isn't he a little particular for a man who ; left his knife in a baker's body at Ballarat and ! forgot to call for it?' roared Davenire in thunder through the skylight. ' He was in love with the girl,' said Burn, heavily elbowing Caldwell against the table to keep him off his friend. ' You can't fight in this way. He's no match for you, Dike— -l'ye know that, that you keep all on squaring ? He'll give you satisfaction — hey, Satn ? — we^e all men of honor.' ' I'll fight him with my fists — I'll fight him with handspikes— with pistols — FI1 kill that savage beast with any weapon he chooses to name,' pcreamed Masters, whose ear was bleeding. This was a sudden tragic reality ; it struck into the fumes in the men's brains and cleared them as a blast of wind shoots smoke from a room. ' Who says Sam was in love with the girl ?' exclaimed Captain Troilope. ' He didn't know her before we sailed and he may have spoken to her twice since.' ' He mustn't call names,' said Hankey, looking darkly through his coal-black bristling whiskers at Masters. ' ' Savage beast is tal 1 language north or south.' ' A savage murderous beast, ' cried Masters, ' to throw a defenceless girl overboard — you black-hearted dastard I I say, you fellows, t?iink of it ; a young girl helpless in the grip of that ruffian— d'ye see the pic ture, you fellows — Shannon there howliug at the jibboom end to make a clear deck for this murderer.' '1 say, Troilope,' exclaimed (Jaldweli, grinding the words out of his swollen throat through his teeth, ' j.'li not kill this manuikin with my hands; it shall have a chance, I'll shoot it.' ' There were two in the job,' roared Davenire in the skylight. 'I was t'other, Sampson.' 'You shall answer for it, you butcher, when I've done with him,' answered Masters, levelling his fist at Caldweli. Davenire, framed to the waist by the sky light, swayed, hands on his hips, with a sudden roar, as if he would split his sides. 'I suppose it must be as you say, Cald well,' exclaimed Troilope, eyeing blasters with a face of cold contemptuous pity. 'Masters, turn in, man, aud sleep it off, ' cried Shannon. Making no answer, Masters stepped straight into hiscabin, the door of wliich lie shut be hind him. Shannon laughed, imagining that the young fellow meant to carry out his re commendation. Some of the others stared at one another a little oddty and blankly. Cald well stood by the table, leaning upon it, breath ing heavily. He looked up at Davenire and exclaimed — ' What does the whelp want to bully me for? It was done for the general good — for his good therefore. What was the woman to him? Or is the whining idiot tired of his life ?'' Just when he spoke those words Masters emerged from his cabin. Ho may or he may not liave heard the speech of the gloomy black-browed man. He grasped his revolver, a portly weapon of six barrels, and swinging those sinister muzzles depressed to the deck, he said to Caldwell in a cold voice and with a pale but steady face, 'I am ready for you whenever and wherever you please.' ' Oh !' said Caldwell, with a violent start, while^a distinct tinge of green sifted into the color of his cheeks. 'If you are ready aud want ? Troilope, I'll leave you to make the arrangements whilst I go and load.' He entered his berth. Those who watched him did not observe that he exhibited that steadiness of air which they might have ex pected at such a moment in a man of so de termined and fierce a character as Dike Caldwell. ' They must have it out on the poop,' said Trollopeto Shannon and the others generally. 'But I say, Masters, what d'ye want to go shooting around on a sudden like this for? What happened was an unholy, horrible obli gation, I admit, but it had to be done. Not every man would accept such a burthen of memory. Icertainlywouldn'tshoot the friendly hand that's helped us to this issue.' 'I will, though,' said Masters, quietly maldng his answer more emphatic with an oath, ' and if he does not do for me I'll do for him .'' he cried with a wild stare up at Davenire. 'Good God ! man, was there ever a more un manly murder? Don't you see how the de mons managed it ? They dragged the poor girl from her bed. Did you throttle her?' said he, looking up at the skylight. * ' I admire the uses you put your strength to,' he added with a scorn beyond words in his worn, faded, yet handsome face. Davenire withdrew his huge shape in silence and silence also fell upon the rest of the men till Caldwell appeared. He had taken as long a time again as the other in loading his weapon, a piece exactly after the pattern of Masters' ; when you pulled the trigger the barrels re volved and for convenienee_ and precision it was about as good to take aim with as one of those memorable blunderbusses which Hankey had committed to the deep. 'Where's it to be, Troilope?' said he in a low voice, hanging his head, which obliged him to lift his eyes to the tall man lie addressed, so making the full countenance repulsive by undue exposure of what the lids were ever wary to conceal. Such a slow sullen dusky eye as it was ! like a drop of ink upou red blotting paper, with all sorts of red veins radiating from tbe pupils. Those eyes might have incarnated his memory. They had the very look of scores of inhuman, out of the way, brutal desperate experiences. ' ' Better tight it out on the poop since it must be,' said Troilope, speaking with irrita tion as though to a sudden prompting of dis gust. ' Twelve paces, I suppose ? Signal, a falling handkercliief. Where shall I find a piece of chalk ?' That was quicldy got from under the break of the poop where tho black log board was kept and tlio whole body of the men mounted the steps, every man mute. 'It seems a thousand pities, ' burst out Burn, affected by the glorious sunshine and the noble inspiriting wind into which he had stepped, ' for two of our lot to start shooting like this now that we're through with the job.' Masters glanced at him with a determined eye, but held his peace. Troilope l'uled a lino with chalk and walked twelve paces from it along the weather deck, then stooping ruled off at his toe, and so the two fellows had their grouqd ready. Davenire towered beside the skylight, looking on with a grim red face. The others broke into little icnots, uot choosing perhaps to mass them selves as though they had assembled to wit ness an execution. The splendor of the af ter moon was now upon the barque's quarter, so that the one who faced aft must bo at an enor mous disadvantage ; this had not been con sidered, nor was it perceived till Troilope placed the men. But before the objection could be remedied by a shift of ground Wil liam at the wheel called out — ' Are you two gents a-going to let them pis tols off?' 'Yes,' said Troilope. ' Are you .af raid of noise?' 'Somebody c&tcli; hold of this wheel,' said William. ' I never shipped for no blooming target.' There was a dull sound of laughter when it was perceived that William stood as good a chance of being allot by the man looking aft as his opponent. 'We must chalk for you on the quarter deck,' said Troilope, 'the light's altogether unfair up here.1' They went down the weather poop ladder, Masters leading, Caldwell closing the file. Troilope measured twelve paces in thV lee gangway. This was the best place for the proposed murder; the eleviitkwi of the cuddy front protected the sight from the great glare on the quarter ; there was shelter here too from tile wind, for the flash of it under the main trysail (main trysails were then carried) cleared the ra.il above the head aud left a sort of gentle eddyings such as you get under the leu of a parapet even when it blows great gunK. Just at this time the head and shoulders of Harry showed themselves iu the foreseuttle. iic stared like a ghost, one eye bound up, the other flaming amazement. What was going on he wondered 7 He counted ten men and two of them had pistols. They were in the lee gangway, where they bury the men at sea. By Petsr J ho thought, I believe they are uiraid of being caught and hanged, and two are going to blow the others' brains out and tben execute themselves. What will thev do with me ? What with William ? He stared rigid with alarm, a mutilated bust of a man, concealed to his armpits in that f orescuttle. 'How mauy shots?1 said Burn, standing beside Masters when the men had been placed. ' As many as will kill that scab,' said Cald well, obliged by the constriction of the muscles of his jaws to hiss the words. ' Oh, no, we don't want any massacre here,' exclaimed Shannon, who was looking on with an uneasy face. ' I vote for one shot only. If this mibS let them shake hands.' 'Stand aside, Alec,' said Caldwell, motion ing Burn away with his pistoL Tho spectators of this duel grouped them selves upon the main batch clear of the most distracted aim, as you may suppose ; Troilope pulled out a white handkerchief and held it up. ' Are you ready ?' said he. ' Ready,' said both men in one breath. Masters turned his handsome decaved face up with an instant's look of appeal, of adora tion even, then tan eyes went to his opponent ; I lie in that pause stood rounded in the back like a cat stretching itself ; he was hunched with savage resolution. The spirit of murder was in his scowl, in his gaze, in the set of his lips. You feared foul play as you watched. Would he anticipate the full of the handkerchief by one second of time in justification of his looks ? The foam was simmering softly as it swirled from tho bow liko one white arm of a swimmer, and ran in tha brilliance of sunshine itself to the wake. How distinct was that shrewd song of salt in the deep silence that was upon the men, now that Troilope, looking from one man to the other, held up his handkerchief ! All sorts of birds seemed to be singing in the rigging, from the shivering trills of the lark high up on -the truckB down to deepening wood-notes of piping in topmast and tlower shrouds where the wind was splitting. Tbe handkerchief dropped from the hand of Troilope; the revolvers blazed in tho same instant ; tho combined noiso of those old fashioned pieces was louder than the report of a four-pounder. Masters sprang backwards, exploding a second charge right iuto the deck, then let fall his pistol. He made a nourish with his hand to his heart, looked round to Burn with a smile, and fell on his face. Caldwell, hunched, stood unhurt. ' Is he dead f said Davenire anxiously. Burn tenderly turned him over. The young fellow groaned twice and with that second groan expired. ' You plugged him with a barbarous fine aim, seeing what sort of ground it is,' said Troilope to Caldwell, as he knelt by the dead man, ' Look here.' He put his fingers in a hole in the cloth exactly over the heart. Chapteb. XX.— The Corpse. ' He was your churn, Burn. See to him. We'll keejj liim till to-morrow. There may be life in him,' said Troilope, rising from the side of the body. He stood a minute or two contemplatively viewing the face of the dead, then with a cold, hard expression of countenance and a little wag of head as if ho should say, 'A pity, a Eity !' and that was ali, scarce meaning it per ips, he passed on to the poop. Burn and Hankey raised Masters and carried him to his cabiu. They pulled a blanket over the corpse and when they came out Hankey exclaimed — ' Nine of us now 1 What a fool to ioiego his whack !' ' He was too sentimental, always,' said Burn. ' I have known him some months. All his talk was about the girls. Drink and romance unsexed him. He had the makings of a fine spirit and has died girlishly.' ' Why no, haug it all !' said Hankey, ' scarcely girlishly, Burn.' ' What did he want to lose his life over Miss Mausel for ?' said Burn, stopping at the cuddy table to look about for more champagne. ' He was that sort of man who does a thing like that. A fine young chap quixotic with diseased liver ; but I loved him !' He stretched forth his hand and took a bottle a quarter fujl of brandy. Hankey left him. Davenire stood at the skylight watching Burn drink. He seemed amused by his expression oi face. The other did not know lie was watched and grimaced with emotion at his trembling glass. J jNono of the others returned to their merry making. They lighted their pipes and wan dered about the decks, here and there one with a little stagger. Caldwell had relieved William at tho wheel, but the ship was wildlyoff her course or up in the wind nearly in irons again and again in the short time he gras2Jed the spokes. His hand shook, he mumbled violent words as he drove the helm this way, then that, trying to fix a shiver iu the weather leech of the main royal, leaving the topgallant sail beneath full and steady as alabaster, to no purpose. He yelled out, 'Some man relieve me,' and Shannon took the wheel. liut the ship ran away with him and Hankey found his eye a little too fixed to keep the lubber's point straight at the mark. So without reference to watches on deck or watches below Harry was shouted for, and the Dane, still ostentatiously bandaged, came roll ing along the deck. Thus it stood with the nine men on the afternoon of that day. All saving Burn had good sense enough that they had drunken deep enough if their lives aud the gold were to be worth the flame of the rope-yarns with which some of them lighted their pipes at the galley fire. But Burn had a friend to mourn and Burn usually went for his tears to the bottle. He began to cry when Davenire called down to enquire if he wanted satisfaction for his friend's death, and some while later was seen to be with his senses gone and his face down amongst the glasses, his arms spread eagled most ludicrously upon the table, as though he sought to hug all the relics of the banquet and the drink to his heart. The fact was Troilope, whose head was per fectly cool, spite of his having drank cham pagne enough to drown a cat in, having occa sion to enter Benson's cabin, observed a slight fall in the mercury in the barometer. He surveyed it curieusiy and anxiously, then re turned on deck. 'Caldwell,' he exclaimed, 'you have the key?' ' Yes,' was the answer. ' Give it to the Dane. It must go with the wheel, man.' Caldwell, with a pipe in his mouth, gloomy and muddled and vicious, lurched over to Harry, and pulling out the kty of the Storr's cabin said, 'Take 11. ' 'What do I want with that?' said the Dane, lookinc at the key as if it had been the revolver he had lately seen Mr. Caldwell kill a man with. 'Put it in your pocket and give it to the next person who relieves you,' growled Cald well. 'I do not want to have anything to do with keys and dot like,' said Harry, forgetting the purity of his English in his alarm. ' Who was locked up where that key belongs ? Was he a dead man ? I don't like to meddle with it,' and he violently shook Iiis bandaged head. 'Take this key, you blistered little foreigner, before I cram it into your gullet !' shouted Caldwell, furious in a moment, forcing the key into the breast of the Dane's shirt. ' It was unholy !' yelled Harry. ' You have no right to make me do it, What was the key to me ? He was bloody, for all I know, and I may be hanged for murder as well as piracy,' and whipping the key out of his breast he liung it iu an ccstacy of terror and super stition overboard. ' Keep your hands off him, Caldwell, you'll dismast the ship,' roared Troilope, rushing towards the helm. 'He shall lose his ears,' exclaimed Cald weli, looking at the Dane. ' Is there a pair of shears aboard? Fetch 'em— who'll fetch 'em ':' 'An insolent scoundrel, so help me!' said Trollops, scowling at Harry but generally addressing the four or five men who had assembled aft. ' Yet being done, isn't it best as it is?' 'So it is,' said WestoD, 'though 'Arry must be hanged within the next hour.' 'The key was going to be a trouble,' said Troilope. '1 think you need only stoop sternwards at the cabin door to send it flying. 1 am satisfied. Nevertheless I should advise this Danish mule of a man to be careful.' lie darted a fiery glance at Harry, then grasped Caldwell by the arm, and the knot of men moved some distance forward. ' There is a slight drop in the glass, ' said Captain Troilope. 'Should this breeze freshen we are carrying too much sail. Look at that fellow below dead drunk upon the table and he's one of our nimblest, hands aloft. It won't do to lose any more of ye, so precious as we all are in one- another's sight, by furling the lighter canvas.' ' I'm game to help stow anything you please,' said Shannon with aslightiy tipsy ieer aloft. This ship was at this hour slanting through the rolling seas a sunny poem ot lustrous heights and shapely bends and gleaming metal, lovely as the lights of that spacious firmanent could make her. Close- hauled as she was — the weather leeches of the lofty topmost sails often biilf-a-back to the tremulous weather spokes of tho uneasy Dane — she was curving a large sea of fcaoi olf her port bow to a melody of spued to which the rattle of the reel would have Deen as castanets ; only that these broken gentlouen of industry never thought then to heave the log. Still she could bear what she had. Shannon's leer aloft had but too forcibly ex pressed tbe general condition. The cool headed Trollop — oue saw in this how wisely the fellow had been chosen captain of the pro digious adventure — spoke no more of the weather nor of shortening sail ; instead, going ljelow to Benson's cabin, he sought aud tound on a book- shelf a volume relating to these Pacificwaters, with which he returned tothedeck and studied the work alone right aft, but his gaze was as often upon the windward sea as upon the page, and once he interrupted this mixed study of print and ocean by requesting Davenire to see .Burn into his bunk and to stare tho rest into getting the cabin table cleared. After this some of tho men grew wearied of roaming about the declts or of overhanging the rail with their waterish eyes fixed upon the sea-line, and sitting down they fell asleep, one iu a chair, a couple lovingly side by side against a skylight, a fourth ftat on his back with a flag for his pillow. Peter Johnson, who had his senses in very safe keeping, came out of the galley with a long cigar and walked the deck with Troilope. William forward leaned against the rail of the forecastle, watch ing affairs aft ; sometimes his slow gaze sailed up the clouds of canvas to their waving point, theu it would leisurely travel to the weather horizon and theu fasten itself upon the forms of the sleepers. ' They can't do better than sleep it off whilst it's fine,' said Troilope. ' Good gracious, what a horrible snore that man has !' They stopped opposite tho huge form of Davenire with his back against the companion. His head had fallen on his shoulder, his hat was oil, his mouth was open, his hands lay lifeless upon the deck, knuckles down. 'We may want to shorten sail before dusk comes, ' continued Troilope, as they passed on. ' What says the glass ':' asked Johnson. ' A fall,' answered Troilope. 'There seems no weather in this sky,' said Johnson, first looking up and then searchingly around the horizon. 'A bell's mouth isn't a clearer edge than that circle. How far off d'e make the island ?' ' At noon, 700 miles, about. But it's blow ing nearly dead on end for us now. I shall hold on through the night on this tack, as we want southing. If the wind shifts so much the better.' A sailor would have laughed to hear that tall, military-looking mustachio'd gentleman spouting the sea tongue as glibly as any youngster fresh from a first voyage. 'I'm rather bothered by these reefs,' ho went on, stopping abreast of the after sky light to pick up the volume he had brought from Benson's cabin. 'They're represented here as right in the road of the island ap proaching it from the north. He put his finger on a tracing upon thin yellow paper. ' Seo here what the compiler of this volume says : — ' The Proudfoot Bank. These shoals, lying north of Halloran Island, hit. 35° 3' S., long. 1«JO° 7' W.. form part of a large number of dangerous islands which have at different times been reported on what has been called the volcanic region of tho South Pacific. Lieu tenant Jones obtained enormous depths in their vicinity. Captain Wilkes is reported to have carefully sought for them.' »The fact is,' said Troilope, keeping his finger upon the chart in the book, ' they are what tho Yankees would call sorter doubtful, hence I am for plenty of southing and westing so as to make the island from the southward.' 'You are perfectly right,' said Johnson after a careful examination of the little chart. ' I suppose Saunders knows these waters?' ' ' Don't see how a man can know them better than the charts will allow,' answered Troi lope, closing the book and placing it upon the skylight. 'That biigantine is the one element of uncertainty in this business. I confess if she is not at the island on our arrival I shall be at a loss.' 'What's her name again ?' said Johnson. 'TheHivaL' 'Let me see,' said Johnson, clasping his hands behind him, whilst he leisurely marched beside Troilope, ' Captain Saunders, a mate, and three men.' 'No, we cut out the mate that night whea Caldwell came in and said he couldn't get tha advance out of Jacobs. D'e remember Jacobs, following and the shindy of tongues that then happened ?' Troilope continued laughing quietly with much enjoyment of his memoVy. 'I see that rat Mo' pointing with his' yellow forefinger and dull, filbert-long nail black to the quick at Dike, and swearing he had a hang ing face and he wouldn't trust him. And I sea Dike's sweet look whilst he steps up to the little Jew and putting his hands upon his shoulders squeezes the beggar down on to his knees before hijn.' 'Well, Saunders is Jacobs' creature, ' said Johnson. ' If the Rival's not at the island it'll be a bad look out for Mo'.' ' There'll be nothing for it,' said Troilope, ' I but to keep dodging off and on till the brigan tine heaves in sight, though we should have, to bother with this ship for a month. We must ha\\-e the brigaritine; failing her there's the long-boat it's true. But how do you fancy the idea of nine of us adrift in that boat yonder with near three hundred thousand pounds' worth of gold in the midst of us ?' ' Eleven,' says Johnson. ' Who are the other two 1' 'Harry there and that chap on the fore castle.' ' Oh, they shall carry the ship home,' said Troilope. ' Nine of us, Peter. Two hundred and eighty thousand pounds' worth of nuggets in the midst of us. Would that long-boat swim with it all, and stores and drink for a run to — where? No ! It must be the brigantine or this; if she's not at the island we'll give her time to find her way there. Then should she still fail us, we must land stores and comforts, plenty of materials for an undiscoverable island home ; some of us must stay to sentinel the booty and some will go away in the long-boat to find a vessel in the place of the RivaL' Mr. Johnson began to whistle. He whistled continuously some old waltz tune, keeping time to it by shakes of the head which grew more and more emphatic as he realised the situation painted by Troilope; the whistle then died on his lips and the two men talked of Masters, (To be continued.) 