Town Talk. That everybody ia otrry that Mr. Jaomta Foote is ill. That be bas ehad a good deal f t'rohbte of late, snd his many .friends thought, until reoeotly, tbst be had turned the corner of sicktOese., bereavement, &oe.;, nod that he woald eojiy years of comparanse health. '"hast he bane proved himself to be a good oltioqa, having helped many a man anod many an aiodostry. That the general hope is thabt he masy san get aboas esain. \- That the Muoioalpal Coneoil are maintaining their repotatien for " bow.not.to-do.isirm." That, after advertislog for apolationos from peracns desiros of flliog the rode of valuator, they referred tbhe matter to the Mayor and Chairmean of the Finneoe Committee--jor some reason nokoown to the ratepayers. That it was then found that that nay of dispeing of the Matter wa s' ilaygals" so to speak. Thatb the next move wan to refer the matter baok to the Coonoail, but a afocient number of the City Fathers did not turn up to deal with it. That it wau, however, tCookled on Monday let, and, after three-quarters of an hoar spent over the eant Iecret oonalave busines. it was cone more referred beak to the Ooanell. Tha, in lil probability, when tbhe Conoil meet it will be again reslegated to the com nittesef f the whole with a complaeasoy that would be ridioalosoe if it were not exasperating. That, after the eubjeot has been at upon by the Conocil, the eommittee of theb whole, the 8cbool of Arts Committee, the Finanoe Com. mittes, the Waterworkl Oommittee, the Health Committee. sad the Park Committee, it is just poessible that somethiog may be hatohed out. That, in the meantime, the " .T." man would bstrongly impress npon the above bodies the absolute necessatory of giving thbe matter rareful consideratio--let them do nothing in a barry, bot let tbhen oalmly, coolly, coo. sLatnly, .onosolentosly,conurteoualy onsider ;onoleeions, end, once mores do nothing in a hurry I-the feverish heats in which they rush bYiae througbh attimes is very reprehensible. That one more s.ooldeot on the Bremslr Lridge is reported-theo wnder ti that there are not half.a.doem there every day That epoont the othoritiee ntilies some of tes Boouthern bridges wreoked during the 199 flood- that is, if there is anything of tbhem left-for a railwey bridge, pure nod aimple, sorris the Briemer! That the osunatie thart bhave happened op. thIt strootoure are beyond enemeration, nod why it'iethat it sot haunted by ghoste ti a ,T het, Judging freom apeaao ; the fanen hyq~bc'keuti r wil Isreo ·b'wetetkd *hb~ 'at' attentive. "' ' ' ey..' . STbht it isa certaointy that, an present aad pes Goverbnments bave allowied them to get a footbhold inbthe oomtry, they mean to lske a yard for every inch granted. Thrt ugrsgrowing Ie not the only rdodaey in which they will gage as soon as they ger a chanee. That " one more nforutnate" leper has been disaovered, and, in all probabiltltyl, tbor. are still more of them knlookog roand." Tbehat it does not reqaire . deurold mother to oome again to propbhey" that. if thiobgs.nP lions aslatylreeat, Tlisment will soon h asked to vote 'the "·a~n ' for a leper aslum. That all onUsorseed in econrlg feilitlhe for the emlolmeont c lacal men on tbhe railwmy works ?qproree h thisb town deserve oradit for the .rouble thiey took in the matter. That, if ther had not taken soob troble, the. obnoes are that local men would have made splaedid Ioeaond and aill more gergleou tbird in thaanoe for employment. Thabt he farewel to Pat. Beal, on londea night?st"waa vory bearoy twir, and show?d popalar e .isla crinSkeling "irtel. :.' Tl II it s eeldolp-o ne infsnd:a orloketser woe wit do latat hbi esptsain aeks him bThat PFal owever., ane of that sltomy- hewas seer redy to' too lat at any ste?l or bowl at by jnOtars In fost, be was will. mg odo anything at as tim6. Tht therean le no doabt that bi-depa-, thre will be serioose foe to the Bteare, bat all olubs bavealmilarly diagreeble tbling os put up with at times.. That their lose meat only 'imulate them to more meldoonue practice od greser deemds of " darlp to." \- That the liabilitie of c governing bedime oroads are now more elarly onderstood thea they' were prior to thehearlogof the ease 8bilito . Porga Board. Thabt whble the grast man clers no opinioa on thaet ouce, he inoolioe o the views that so Board should have oprotsoted holesenoroeohb iag on their reade. Thabt if they have no monw to f11 them up arlietically, and form and 8gravel the new Sea. fsoa, they can st least pat either fece roand them or dltihm op wiash stones id log. That, at prewt, It seme if the Ifionr ~W~elit~abest merhk, a 'th 00?t5OO mla fron ts tha the im posoltf lon I Oomen dotles is prenotiontlly nus pended j in Ioat at time of ilarina. "hononn are l y." _hot I l led, ul he Ih s prepared to ib belaughinbg.ook of everyoivlied oommniJly on this ter rl ball, will have to Oake aoa fstotal mesel to get " eat." out of the people who haove dared to treed on the tail of she British too Brl+ikleo~e. That the "T.T." man is glad to learn that the "Osltlo" have had a very short life. hast be is still more glad to be informed thee the "Boah RBet" have bed a reeorreotion. That thoey proved themselve wortbhy op. ponents to say tenam that oonld be found in tbis prtc the ootoay. any way. That many and mauny time they emebeck with the ' other felloews' sralps, and in oe way or another made a repotation for themselves. That Chianglg their name waM almcst like partig witlh everything they bhed won on many a hardfoughbt field--throwing away their glorios traditlone, tad so on and everybody who ilsayl?ody moest Ieel pleased that the Bte have deelded to tLok to thegood old amoe. That-hbok lin. T?ate I keep op your toiIs thieeseon, laded and get ae many gols as you keow howi That on Thseday l st quite a wave of gretifloatio pased over the town. That thi eagresuble feeling wet anued by the annousement in that days Qruenrsluad Times of the feet that tenders were orted for she ereotion i a aw railwally goodsbshed in Ipewioh. Thabt the piresent one is only ao apology, ad has loong lone cotleved itel usefalnes, That the ation of the ommisoiotere eoes that they are ustlag fairly and equarely in thik matter of looal Urailway improvementr. Tha?.,what wb t a preeptof irpo rceoa f, *prian':'fao 'cneai5 .weeok .on. the'. Psifolirn. uametion aetloeIo, redooking of Bremer Bridge, ereotion of ehrps in Brtiebesoetreet, and bailding of new goode ststion,thinge are beelinlog to wear qeite a rlscrrdh aspect. haet it it ilaereotlig to note that the Ipa. wlob Parliamentary Olass will meet"s for the dderpath of basineset on Ihe U4tb oktant. last on that date the ueeul ery declama. lion,. the fetohing pathes, the wit?hring sarasm will mobske the air in the vloinity of "the Bouse" tremble, quiver, or oardle ccordisM to "olro?." That grest thiengs re expeotedof the legisle. to?r tbhis session, there being elf earts of b•uring qestiLono to the front sweiting atten tIon. That the most important of these i the foding of wotk for 80,000 onemployed. That, in view of the fearful distreu now existing. i its adviisable that this hbold be the frst work ndadtaken by tshe Government. That. it is reported Ohat a very peooliar ihideatoeourred at wel-knownsere.meseting. That sweep Waee dIrawa on s certain event, and thbo' drawers of several horses bagged themaulre with roptaros they thought of the gay old tsme they would have if their borser we.re SOnu fol, as there wsoeVery prospeo of teh bhole, That tripe uoin South and ti the " hnli hong' were doubtlessa abletodled figures in their dream,. buhot the dream. didn't omrer ff8 there was " a worm i; the bhd," to o speak, unknown to the wonld.be eight-seerl I That the ownere of the said horno got wind of the identity of the luoky tiaketholdert, and, it is did, intimated to the tiobet msrt that if they wouold agree o "divvy" what they drew if the horres won, w-ll and good, hot, if they would not agree to ehare the "bests." then the Setan a yard womld the borees run, and the holdeea woold get notbing. That it is alleged thatL the paid boldere rofueed to knoeokle down to the horat-weeres, and the mtaer therefore ecratohed their nedrrldire That if this Is true. it appeare to be a most entraordinery procoedinr, end it it ePpected that the head raciag enthoriap will take action i1 the matter. 