CHAPTER VI.—A BROKEN REED. The offices of the Financial Lynx con- sisted of four rooms in the first floor of a house in St. Radigund's-alley—off Corn- hill. One was devoted to the per- sonal use of Mr. Barker Crabbe, the editor- proprietor ; two more were apportioned re- spectively to the publishing and advertise- ment departments ; while the fourth—a mere sky-lighted den with doors opening on to the landing into the editorial-room and into the publishing offices—was occupied by the "literary staff." The last-named apart- ment served also the purposes of a bolt-hole for Mr. Crabbe when unpleasant visitors were announced, for by means of its many doors he could burrow through it and out on to the landing without being seen by anyone who might be standing at the counter of the publishing office. In one corner of the liternrj room was a stan 1 up desk w lure the solitary reporter of the paptr sometimes utttndcd to writ! out his shorthand notes of comp mj meetings On tlie morning after Gu) s latest visit to Vardon the reportirs desk was vacant, and tin sole occupant of the room was a man who was engaged in writing hard at nu ink Blauied deal table placed against tin on I) bit ot wall not filled b) iloorwa)« Ile might have looked thirty hal he been washed and combed and straightened up, but na it was, tlion"h be k11 Bhort by several )eara of that age, his unkempt hair and beard, stooping Bhoullers uni exprès sionliss oes give lum the uppi uruncc ol at li list (ive and lortv I lu thruillnrc ¡suit of twiuls and thin doun al lit ii shot's formed a toni cn emile not nsuiillv usBociattd with citj life Mr Crabl c s mil e litor und leader writer was n weir I personage whom timid peojle would have shunned in lout Ij lanes on duri evenings Sudden!), ultir one or two spasmodic efforts. Ins pen came to a full stop, and he ran his fingers through Du (angled locks 'Its no use! hi groaned 1 got in tv goodlah spill th it time-s vin hundred wortls at least that is two hundred over the uv i rage-but I vi shot ni) bolt I must go out and have i drink ' He took flown it I uttered ft It hat nnd was making tor tin door that gavi exit on to tlie landing w hen ont of the others-that lend ing from tho editorial room-was opened with a Jeik, and lhere enured a stout, vulgar!) prosperous looking inltvuluu!, elad in a black frock coat flowered vest, an 1 loud chu It trousi rs "Hire, jou Steggles ! Where are )on off to? henani "Aflf niiiotliirwluek), HI Int about jour fourth this mornuin iii' Well, I don t minti w hat you do lo jouratlf solong ns )Oii turn out good ' cop) up to time But joullhiivcto postpone )0ur next drink till after )on vc intciviivved a chap I ve got in the re -with a thrust of a much be ringed luicer towards the editorial room " Hi s stullul full of mets al out tin Ooldcu klooi Coinpan), which it seems, is ivtn a bigger all round nuIndlt than we tlimight it Just suck tins ft How s bunna tor all tiny re worth, I and imboil) what be leila j ou in ii regular slap up semi lung ' slati ' Pvposc Ithe whole thine in jour most vitriolic st) le, do yon sei, Stingles and lit me lum the cop) not late r than four o'clock I m oil to lunch now, BO 1 II send linn in to )ou ' Mr Barker Crabbe swaggered back into tin editorial room, «lamming the door 1» lund lum and knspar Stingles hung up his hut! and sat illicitly down to Ins labu Mr I CrabbeB orifln WHB xeiled in obncunt),| though there were some who professed long ago to have st f n him behind (he counti r lol a grocers shop in Pntnc) He iilwuva adnuttul frcily to Ina intimates that for an editor lie was, lui ho put it, "a bit rock) I on grammar," though he UBUI to add | that it didn't mutti r, liuvusi he " was a whale on facts anti ligures, and I ept ! .Loiyilulil. iHlir bv Illation Hill rim ill lit of pul lulling Hil« woik tliroimhout the Ainitiiilatluti ! oh lui M lias heirn purehmitl by lim proprietor» ott ¡lit Ara vs. a good dog to do Ins barking." About the antecedents of Kaapar Stegglea-the pn'aent occupant ol the kennel-there was no secret at all Bj turns, Scholar of Trinity, school tnaster, leader writer on iv great "daily," stray contnbutor to society papers, and 1'lect street loafer-if was easy to trace the sliding scale or alcoholic desci nt by which he had drllted into the post of underpaid hack to a professional blackmailer. Tlie queer figure rose, Guy tool; a step forward, and the next moment he hud the othei's llabb) hand clasped in a hearty R«P After a briet interval the editorial door opened again, and Guy Klwes stood on the threshold, ngarding with obvious dismay the man who wus to be the recipient of his con- fidence. When Crabbe had told lura that he would hand bun ovur to Ins principal leader writer, he bad pictured some grave and reverend pendant whose words were as a law in the world of tinonee, with an appearance on a pat with Ins status in the councils of the city ; and here was a broken-down failure, smelling of public house poison. 'Hie queer figure rose, Guy took a Btep for- ward, nnd the next moment he had tlie other's llaoby hand clasped m a hearty grip "WhyIt's Stegglc8 !" he oned, "good old Stegglea, w ho used to do my suma for mc at Redie). But what on earth-" "Don't1" interrupted the wreck, "I know what jon ure going to Bay. Yes, it's thatsamc Stegglt B, with a considerable differ euee, whose little mathematical kindnesses )ou repaid bj saving b13 life ni the weir. If iU)iy man ever earned the und) tug hatred of another )ou did, Wives, by that ill advised feat of yourB." Tlie tone w na intended to be jocular, but it only achieved Hie infinitely sad, and Guy's Ince assumed an expression of honest pity for his old school fellow. " I'm sorr), old chap, whatever it is that has-has aged )OU so,"he said, "but )Ou are )oung )et and surely things can't be so \er) bad 'iou hold a responsible position on a public journal , you "KeBponsible position I public journal!" exclaimed Stegglcs, his voice quivering "Good God, I lwes, you muBt forgive my saying so, but }ou ure as big a fool ns )ou always were. Listen, then, to what I am, and why, for ahume has been dead m me this year pist. 'Ihe case ia summed up in a sentence. 1 gnuie,! high honours at the Universit), was appointed to a mastership at u public school, slid Irom that to journalism -not this sort of thing, huton food papers -lost berth after berth, tailing a little with every change till I joined the loafing brigade Then this Crabbe, whom I bato and despise, lound mc in a bar one night with mv last shilling gone, and annexed me bod) and soul as the scurrilous mouthpiece ot his block mailing rag. Drink from lirst to last- the cursed stimulant which grabbed me for its slave when I WBB over working for my degree. And now ni) encm) hasbcrun to be my friend, for 1 can do no work without it, tri us I may. I spurted juBt now and put m Beven hundred words between drinks, but tho''s a record nownda)S ' "This is bad hearing, indeed," said Gu), Sjmpatheticall), "but why speik in Buch terms of tlie financial Lynx? I thought it was established lor the purpose of warning people against frauds , that, surely, is a re putable cause to Berve." " Poor innocent," replied Steggles. Don't you know that we subsist on frauds , not those we cry down with such bell mouthed vigour, but out of those we never mention Our victima are onl) the very small fish who can't afford to paj, or the big ones who don't care. Wb), man, the outside circulation of this reputable public journal, as )ou call it, doesn't touch a thousand copies, und yet Ciabbe pa)B £1,200 a )car for a palace at Streatham fit for a duke. The mun who looks after his peach houses gets about twice the screw he pit) s me " And this w is the champion Gu> m his ignorance had selected to aid lum agamat Viirdon's wiles! "IB there no honeaty in this infernal city of )oursî" he cried bit- te ri) "I came here today to beg assistance against a swindling trickster, and your master, Crabbe, nromiBed he would see mc through. I was to give )ou the tacta for a thorough ex/>oif." "Well, )ou'd better let me have them then." said Steggles "It's the Golden Iv tool, isn't it ? It's quite on the cards he may show the thing up-not pro bono publico, but because he hates Vardon. But he is pretty sure to have another shot for blood mono first. Sit down there and be precise in details, please. 1 pride injself on accuracy." So it waa that while Guy poured forth for the second time that morning the story of the promotion of the Golden Kloof Kaspar Steggles made notes in a dirt) mémorandum book, show ing neither interest nor surprise, but cirefull) ticking off as be proceeded the heads of Ins future article. " There," ho saul at the finish, " all that remains is to sling m the usual sultry adjec- tives and the proper amount of virtuous indignation, and the thing is done. Unfor- tunately that is a process which requires alcohol. Do ) ou feel inclined to Btoke the fires of genius, KlwesV" he added, with u covert sneer at bia task. Guj shrugged his shoulders, and they left the ofhee together, neither of them noticing ns they imirgcd that a diminutive mun in black, who lind been loitering in the nile), dogged tluir slipa to the bar wlutlierSteggles led the waj, and entering close behind them took up an adj icent position at the counter. The publicliouse was at the corner of St, Itadigund's Alley, and over their re- freshment Steggles arranged with Gu) to meet lum there at four o'clock. " It's n hundred to one that as soon ns I have blushed the article Crabbe will take it round to Vardon and tr) and induce lum to have it hushed up lor a thousand or so," he saul. Atlhesount of Vaidou's name the little man in black pricked Ins ears, but Steggles's voice was thin, und the rest of the sentence was lost. 'Hie listener, however, waa more fortunate with the reply. The wilds of South Africa are not a good school for modulation of tone, und, moreover, Guy waa growing ango. " If tina fellow Crabbe turns to lim own ends the information 1 have given lum and fails to do lus dut) I shall fi el like murdering bpn," lie stud-a remark winch was promptly transferred to a rumpled shirt cuff with a stub ol pencil. Steggles, being anxious to write na much as possible of his article while the inspira- tion of "his last" was on lum, hurried back to the office, ami Guy passed the interval in walking the streets of the great city he was beginning to loathe as the scene of some horrid nightmare. And wherever he wint the little black shadow with the recording slnrt-culf dodged nnd squirmid six patc'H belum!. At the nppomted hour he made Ina way back to the rendezvous, and soon Stegglea slouched in, looking hot and excited, und even oblivious ol liquor. "I've written a regular nailer," he said, " but it is as I thought, Crabbe is off with the article fo Vardon. There, Bee I" he added, pointing to the window, "ho IB coming doun (he lilli)," and bringing his tremulous, lips close to Guy's ear be added in ii hoarse whisper, " wh) don't v ou follow and wring his neok, Lineal 1 would if 1 wa« as strong nutt sound ns jon." Tlieconcenlratcd lurj ot hatred willi which bia old school-fellow spoke waa lost upon Guy in the torrent ol' burning wrath that | surged into his own brain. Hardly divining Ins own intentions, he set Ins mouth firmly and nui out ol the bar just UB Crabbe's bioad back tumid the corner into Cornhill. Fol- lowing some piuca billilli!, he kept his quarry well m view across the crowded Mansion house, crossing into tineen Vic- toria street, where Crabbe confirmed Steggles'« surmise IIB to lim destination by turning into the main entrance of the great block m which Viirdon's offices wore situated. The editor passed on up the stair- case, and Gu), clucking n first Impulse to follow, took up a position at the foot to awnlt lus ictiiin, heedless of ¡iirtivcgluncea from nn insignificant ligure in black who hovered ttbout tlie hall near the porter's box. 1 A quarter ol un hour elapsed before Mr, Barker Crabbe was seen descending the stairs, and to all appearances it had been a bad one lor lum He was mopping his clammy brow with ugaudy Bilk handkerchief, and looked white about the gill"-as though he had Been a ghost Tlfere were but few people about, ii being near tho letter closing time, anil Guy, without knowing the rcuscn, noted the fact with grim joy li» waited till the editors foot had cleared the Isststair , then, stepping quickly lorwaul he laid an iron grip on each of the fat shoulders mid pinned his man against the wall "lou dog I \ouvc Bold me, he hissed Crabbe had been frightened already, and his nerves, shaken with "high living were not equal to a second trial so soon Then was a fierce light m Guy a angry eyes that threatened teal danger, and the owner of the Financial Lynx went from white to ashen grey "faoldjou Mr El wea I he gasped "Ah! I Bee what you mean , you think I have been to Vardon to be squared I admit that it looks like it, but m) dear sir- loose me a little so that I may explain-you are really quite wrong That villain has no bittuir enemy than Barker Crabbe, and this is going to be Ins downhill ' Something in the despicable creoturea tone and expression seemed to imply that the latter half of his sentence at least was true, and Guy relaxed his hold "What has been the purport of your visit here, then » he asked sternl) "It was like Una,' Bald Crabbe plausibly ' I bad an article written setting lorth the facts jon gave me, but not having the pleasure of knowing much ol jou 1 thought it would be better to seo Vurdon before printing it and verify the átateme nt if I could I was reading portions of it to bim when lie Bud I deni) Bcired it out of my bund and locked it up in his desk ' " W eil, what is easier than to go back to your olhce, have another one written, and publish it in to morrow s paper 1 ' saul Gu) ' I can't well do that, replied the chain pion of the public interests, ' because m that case he would take proceedings against me for blackmailing lum He threatened to do so, und he would hav i u th unileruig good case, too, with that cursed manuscript in his possession It is prett) good evidence that I took it to bun tor the purpose j ou suapected just now ' ' And ot which I still suspect you," re tortcd Guv hotly, "I have no wish to soil my hands with such vermin as you As there docsn t seem to be un bon st nun hereabout I must make use of a knave How do you propose to turn thia to Vardon's down tall?1 Crabbe had recovered somewhat from Ins fright, and with a returning sense of secunt) began to pay more attention to surroundings Before venturing on a reply so pregnant with consequences, he cast a turtive glance up nuil down the hall, and espied the man in black loitering by the door "We musn t talk here,' he whispered "Theres one of Nightgiill a mouchera on the watch, and I'll stake my sacred until be s in Vardon's pa) Come back to the Lynx office, and 111 tell )ou how I mian to start the biggest conflagration of modern tunes The fox has had a long run and a merry one, but if I don't smoke lum out this journey well you can punch me, ns you were going to do juBt now ' 