A Russian Legend. It may not be generally known that M. Adolphe Badin, the historian, has written an Interesting work on St. Petersburg, In the course of which he relates a curious story connected with the Imperial Family, which caused great sensation among the credulous n few years ago and which still affords food for the gossips. It took place iu the Church of St. Isaao, which contains, among other relics, a statue of tho Holy Virgin, covered with precious jewels offered up to her by the. faithful. It appears that not long after tho death of Alexander II. a peasant was inter rupted in his prayers by the sudden appear ance of a phantom which rose before him. It was that of the assassinated Emperor, who wore the ,samo blood-stained mantle as that which ho had on at the moment of his tragio death. The spectre walked slowly to tho statue, knelt down, prayed for a few minutos, and then. vanished. The peasant, although striokon with terror, was able to follow the movements of tho mysterious visitor, and felt sure that ho •was not dreaming. Still trembling he desoribed his advonture to tho verger of tho ohurch, who Bhrugged his shoulders and said ' he must, have boon drunk at the time, and had taken his visions for realities. The ver ger nevertheless reported the event to his superiors, who naturally laughed at him. But on the following day tho ghost reap peared. Again he advanced towards tho statue and prayed, raising his hands to wards Heaven. This time tho verger was there, and confessed that tho peasant had not made a fool of hiro. Ho did not, how ever, loso his head, and, though afraid to approaoh the phantom himself, ho called in some of hiB colleaguess who, like him, folt stupefied at the eight. Tho Czar soemed to cast a sorrowful glancd at them, and tlion disappeared behind a pillar: The witnesses of this strange scene made their declaration to the Grand Marshal of tho Court, swearing to the truth of what they had seen. On tho next day tho same apparition occurred. On this occasion tho opectro not only prayed by tho Holy Virgin, hut also walked round tho ohurch before vanishing. No doubt could now bo cntortnincd on tho subject—tho soul of Alexander II. was tormented, nnd needed more prayere and tapers to release him from purgatory. The nowB was borne to tho Court, where, it is hardly necessary :to say, it oreated. deep astonishment At first it did not encounter absoluto inoreduiity. Tho members of the tloly Synod were consulted and they promised to inquire into the matter. But Alexander III. lost no time in expressing his indignation that credence should bo given to such a story, which was an insult to the memorv of Ills father. Ho sent for ono of his doteotives, in whoso skill and fidelity ho had tho greatest confidence, and ordered him t'o clear up tho mystery. Tho detectivo went to the church, and, hiding himsolf behind a pillar, waited for tho result. In due course, tho phantom appeared onco more, and as on previous occasions, directed its stop towards tho statue. Tho deleotive, although not a superstitious man, fait somewhat uneasy. He had served Aloxandor II, and seemed to seo him again as ho was on tho day of his ospasainntion, with his faco bathed in blood, and suffering excruciating agony. Tlio ghost prayed longer at the statue than usunl. The detective, mustering up all his courage, glided softly townrd it, but it moved further away. Inscinctly tho detective glanced it the statue, and discovered that many of tho most valuable jewols woro wanting. The fact at onco opened his oyos>, and ho dashed . after tho phanton, which turned out to bo something moro substantial than a vision. Tho next second it was struggling to reloaso itself from tho deteotivo's grip, but in vain. It was simply a thief who, endowed with considerable imagination and audacity, had concoivod tho idea of robbing tho rolic3 in tho midst of tho terror caused by his ap parition as tho Emperor's ghost. Ho was taken to priBon, and eventually tried and condemned in suoret—at least so tho legend runs. 