A Wonderful Woman. "chapter xxiii; fontenoy. " ' ' Six years before, Redmond O'Dcnncll ' the impoverished descendant of a prince ly race— with little left of the wealth and grandeur of his ancestors beyond an old ruined castle and a few barren acres of land — had saved .Lady Cecil Clive. from what must have been certain death A a natural sequence :lovc had sprung up' between the youthful pair ; but, by a cun ning device; her father, the earl, had managed tb;separate them. And now, six years were past, and he stood before her. Stood before her, changed greatly, and yet the same. It was a superbly-soldierly figure — tall, stalwart, erect, strong, but not stout — muscular, you graceful. The fresh, beard less face of the. boy she remembered she saw'no longer ; the face of the man was darkly bronzed by the burning Algerian sun ; a most "becoming moustache altered the whole expression of the lower part. It had a stern, something of a tired look, the lips a cynical curve, the blue eyes a keen," hard light, very different from their old honest simplicity and frankness. No ; this bronzed, bearded, Algerian chasseur was not the Redmond O'Donnell she had known and liked so well, any more than shetwas the -blushing, tender heart of six years ago. She stood for an instant looking at him. The surprise of seeing him here, as suddenly as though he had arisen up out of the earth, almost took her breath away. But fdr the Lady Cecil Clive to lose her self-possession long was not possible. A second later she held out her hand to him with a smile and glance as bright, as lranlc, as' pleasant as any that had ever been given by the Lady Cecil of Torryglen. Mt is — it is Mr. (J Donnell ! And alter all. those years ! And so changed by time and Algerian campaigning that I may well be pardoned for doubting his identity He bowed with a smile over the little hand a brief instant, their resigned it. .'-.Changed, no doubt — and net for the better ; grown old, and grey, and grim, and you, too, have changed, Lady Cecil —it might seem like flattery if I told you how greatly. And yet I think I should have known you anywhere.' ' Cecil has grown tall, and doesn't blush quite so often ai- she used at Torry- glen,' her father interposed. 'You have had many hair- breadth escapes by flood and field since we saw you last, but I don't think you ever had a narrower one than that evening when we saw you first. Oh, well — perhaps excepting yesterday at the picnic.' Captain O'Donnell laughed— the old, pleasant, mellow laugh of long ago — and showed very white teeth behind his big trooper's moustache. 1 'Yes, the risk was imminent yesterday; Tly nerves have hardly yet recovered the shock. of that — tempest in a teapot. I am. glad to find the lady I rescued so heroically is none the worse for her wet ting.' fVHere she comes to answer for herself,' returned the eail, as his niece 'came sailing up on the arm of Major Frankland. ' Mnjor Frankland behold the preserver of your life from (the hurricane yesterday. Lady Dangerfield has already thanked hint. Major Frankland, my friend Captain O'Donnell.'' Major Frankland bowed, but he also frowned and pulled his whiskers. Why need the fellow be so confoundedly good- looking, 'and why need women make such a howling over a tiifle ?/ He hadn't even ri<2lr<»r1 st wr»t. inrfcpf. fnv T.arlir "Danfrprfield — he |had risked nothing, in fact — and here she was for the second time pouring forth her gratitude with an effusion and volubility sickening to hear. Captain . O'Donnell bore it all like the hero he was, and stood, with his ' blushing honours thick .upon him,' perfectly cool, perfectly easyFper.fectly selspossesscd. So you were the knight to the rescue, Captain, O'Donnell?' said Lady Cecil, with a laugh that had a shadow of her father's sarcasm in it. ' I might have known it if I had known you were in the neigh- bdurliood at all. You have an amiadle mania for saving people's lives. It re minds, me of declining a verb. First rpei"Son singular, he saves my life — second person singular, he saves your life — third '-'pferson singnlar, he saves his life — mean- "iifg'Sir Arthur over yonder. But all this ' while; p?pa, you do not tell us what good fortune has sent 'Cnptain O'Donneli to ' Sussex, of all places in the world.' 'And why not to Sussex, Lady Cecil ? One could hardly select a fairer county to ruralize in.' Where are you staying ?' Lady Danger- field cut in.' 'In .very pleasant quarters,' with a smile at her brusquerie ;' at the Silver Rose.' 'Very pleasant. Nonsense! You must come here. Sir Peter and I will be most ' happy , indeed, we shall take no excuse. But Captain O' Donnel onl/ listened and smiled that inexorable smile of his. ' Thanks very much — you are moit kind : but, of course, it is quite impos sible.' 1 No one ever says impossible to me, sirl' cries my lady, imperially. ' Fad, my dear !' interrupted Lord Ruys- ; land, ' if you can prevail upun O'Donnel to say yes when O' Donnel has made up . his-. mind to say no, then you are a greater . dipiomatist than I ever gave you credit : for.' Pon my life, you should have seen and heard the trouble I had to induce him to honor Scarswood with his presence $ven for a few moments to night. Said it .wasn't " >->rth while, yrn l.-n-nv — inten ded t 1 ! or su — didn't want to put 1 . t all, by George even to see you again, Quote, one o 1 It is characteristic of Captain O' Don nel! to treat his friends with profound disregard. By the way, though, I should have thought you would have liked to | have seen Sir Arthur Tregenna again, at least. He certainly would have put ' himself to considerable inconvenience for the pleasure of meet'ng you.' ' What !' O' Donnel said, his eyes light ing with real pleasure. ' Tregenna here ! You are right, Lady Cecil ; I shall be glad to meet him again — the best fellow in the world ! Ah, I see him! Very pleas antly occupied he appears to be, too.' ' Flirting v ith the governess,' putin the carl srtoking his iron grey moustache.' Miss Herncastle must have something to1 say fcr herself, then after all. She has succeeded in amusing Tregenna longer and better than I ever saw him before since he came here. How is it she comes to be among us to night. Ginevra? Her first appearance, is it not ? and very unlike your usual tactics.' 'Queen'e would have it,' Lady Danger- field replied, with a shrug ;' she persists in making tiie governess one of the family.' ' Oh, Queenie would have it would she?' f-hp P!iv! resounded. thoiKihtfullv. lookinfT at his daughter. ' It is very considerate of Quecnie, and she li' es to have the baronet amused — naturally. Captain 0' Donnel, you honour Miss Herncastle with a very prolonged and inquisitive gaze — may I ask if you have fallen a victim as well as Sir Arthur ?' ' A victim ? Well, no, I think not. I am trying to recollect where I have seen Miss Herncastle before.' 'What!' cried Lady Dangerfield ; 'you, too ? Oh, this is 'too much. First Lord j Ruslaud, then Sir Peter Dangerfield, now I Captain O' Donnel, all are transfixed at sight of my governess, and insist that, dead or alive, they have met her before. Now, where was it you knew her Captain O' Donnel ! Surely not ir Algiers ?' 'Not in Algiers, cert u'nly. Where I have seen her before J cannot tell, seen her I have, that is positive. My memory for facts and faces may be trusted. And hers is not a face to be seen and forgotten, yet just now I cannot place it.' ' Our waltz, I believe,. Lady Cecil,' ex claimed a gentleman, coming up and salaaming before her. It was Squire Talbot of Morecambe, and Lady Cecil, with a few last smiling words over her white shoulder to the chasseur, took his proffered arm and moved away. ' lfow strange,' she was thinkin g, 'that Captain O'Donnell should have known her too! Really, Miss Herncastle is a most mysterious personage. Why is it, I wonder, that she attracts and fascin ates me so? It isn't that I like ner — 1 don't ; I doubt, I distrust her . Yet Ilike to look at her, to hear her talk, to w onder about her. How rapt Sir Arthur looks ! I never succeeded in enchaining him like that. Four hours ago he was on the brink of asking me to be his wife — now he looks as though there were not an other woman in the scheme of the universe than Helen Herncastle. Am I jealous, I wonder ? Do I really want to marry him, after all ? Am I the coquette they call me ?' She smiled bitterly as she looked towards them. Squire Talbot caught that look and followed it. ' Eli ! Quite a flirtation going on there certainly.' lie was rather obtuse, the sqiiire. ' Didn't think Sir Arthur was much of a lady's man, but, gad! to-night he seems — — Oh, good Heaven!' He slopped short— he started aghast. Miss Herncastle had lifled her stately head from a book of engravings and turn ed her face full towards them, and for the first time Squire iaibot saw her. ' Lady Cecil-looked at him and laughed outright. Amazement, consternatio-i, horror, were actually pictured upon his face. 'What! another! Upon my woid, the plot thickens rapidly. You, too, have known Miss Herncastle, then, in some other and better world ? Is she destined to strike every gentleman she -meets in this sensational manner. ' Misc — what did you call her, Lady Cecil ? Good Heaven ! I never saw such a .resemblance. Upon my sacred honour, Lady Cecil, I thought it was a ghost !' ' Of course — that's the formula — they all say that. Whose ghost do you take her for, Mr. Talbot ?' ' Katherine Dangerfield, of course — poor Kathie. It is — heavens! — it is as like hei'as'— - — The squire pulled out his cambric and wiped his flushed and excited lace. ' I give you my word, I never saw a lady with darker hair, and— yes — yes, I think — and is taller and more womanly — she is' Again the squire paused, his consternation only permitting discon nected sentences. ' I never saw anything like it -never, I give you my honour. What does Sir Peter say? He must have noticed it, and, gad, it can't be pleasant for him.' ' S!r Peter has been in' a collapsed and horrified state ever since she entered Scnrswnod. Oh, yes, he sees it — not a doubt of that. Miss Herncastle is like one of Wi'kie Collins' novels — the interest intensifies steadily to the end — the 'Man in the Iron Mask' was plain reading compared to her. Really, if she keeps frightening people in this way, I greatly fear Lady Dangerfield must send her away. A living ghost can't be a pleasant instructress of youth.' 'She does not seem to frighten Sir Arthur Tregenna, at least,' said Squire Talbot, beginning to recover from his sudden shopk. ' And so she is only the governess. I never saw such a resemblance — never in all my l'fe What would Edith say i won- dei . f s!a ! 1 tc it?' 'Edith?' ill — » a— — — — iBMMaaMSMawMMHMMDw his oldest friends.' ' My sister, you know — used'to be Kath erine D.mgerfiuld's boso n friend and con fidant — 111 irried now, you know — De Vere of the — tli, and gone to the Soutli of- France for her health. Never saw such a sti iking resemblance in all my life.' And then they whirled away in their waltz. How strange — how strange! Lady Cecil kept thinking. Perhaps that was why her eyes rarely wandered from these two at the table. No one interrupted them. It was a most pronounced flirta tion. Even Captain O'Dannell declined the request of his hostess and the earl that he should go up and speak- to his friend. It was Miss Herncastle herself who broke up the tcfc-a-tcte. Sir Arthur had become so interested, so absorbed in his companion and the pictures, as to quite forget the flight of time. Then, from an inner room, Cecil saw the tall chasseur make his ,vay through the crowd and approach. She couli even hear his deep, mellow tone 'Tregenna, my dear fellow, how are you ?' Then, with a look of surprise and de light animating his grave face, she saw the Cornish baronet clasp the hand of the Irish soldier of fortune. Captain O'Donnell on the morrow again came over front Castleford) in the grey of the summer evening. Sir Arthur Tregenna had sought out the chasseur at a fishing stream, and the twain returned together to dinner, ' You find us alone yet, Captain O'Don nell,' said Lady Dangerfield. ' Cecil has taken to literature, as you see, and is company for no one. I never read, Cap tain O'Donnell ; books are all alike — hopelessly stupid nowadays. What is that you have there, Oucenie ?' T.nrlt? C oM! 1 »ir ' Ballads_ of Ireland.' I came upon it j by chance in the library half ail hour ago. j I am reading Davis's 'Fontenoy.' Cap- 1 tain O'Donnell, did any of your ancestors j fight at the battle of Fontenoy ?' ' So the legends of the house say, at least. And it is believed that it was a Redmond O' Donnel who fought and fell on the fatal field of Fontenoy Lady Dangerfield looked interested. 1 A Redmond O'Donnell ? Really ? Read it, Queenie, will you?' ' I never read aloud,' Lady Cecil answered ; ' it is an accomplishment I do n,ot possess .'J She glanced suddenly at the governess. | ' Miss Herncastle,' she said, ' you will read it to Lady Dangerfield, will you not ? Somehow I think you can read aloud. 'I can try,' Miss Herncastle answered. I She advanced, took the book, and stood I up before lier auditors. The last light of ) the setting sun shene full upon her tall, statuesque figure, her pale, changeless face, locked ever in the passionless calm of marble. She began. Yes, Miss Hern castle could read aloud — Lady Cecil had been right. What a wondrously musical voice it was — so deep, so calm, so sweet ! She made a very striking picture, stand ing there, the sunlight gliding her face and her dead-black hair. So thought Lady Cecil Clive. So thought Sir Arthur Tregenna and Captain O' Don nell. Both gentlemen, as if by one simul- tanous impulse listened intently. Sweet, clear, thrilling as a bugle blast rang out the stirring wcrds. A light leaped into the reader's eyes, a glow came over her pale face ; every heart there stirred under the ring of her tone, her look, her gesture as she ceased. ' By Jupiter ,' Redmond O' Donnel ex claimed, under his breath, 'that woman is a marvel.' Lady Cecil stretched out her hand for the book, a look ot surprised admiration in her eyes. ' Miss Herncastle,' she said, 1 you read that splendidly. The poet should have h ;ard you. T knew you could read, but not like that. You arc a born actress.' The governess bowed, smiled, and walked back with immovable composure to" her place. The eyes of Redmond O' Donnel were fixed on Miss Herncastle with such a loofc of utter wonder — of sheer amazement and of recognition — that the baronet stared at him in turn. Standing there it had flashed upon him like an inspiration where he had seen Miss Herncastle before. He started like a mail from a trance at the sound of the baronet's surprised voice. ' How thunderstruck you look, O' Don nell,' he said, with a touch' "of impatience in his tone ; ' did you never before hear a lady read ?' The half irritated words fully aroused him. Redmond O' Donnell turned away from the governess with a slight laugh. ' Rarely like that, mon ami. And I have just solved a riddle that has puzzled me since last night. I think I have had the pleasure of both seeing and bearing Lady Dangerfield's very remarkable governess before to-day It wanted just a quarter to twelve when Redmond" O'Donnell left Scars- wood Park, and took his way on foot to the town. He had been offered a bed, and had declined both. To walk on such a night was a luxury. He lit a manilla, and went .ovcr the road with his long cavalryman's stride. . It was a perfect night, the sky deep blue, the stars golden and glorious, the ' moon sailing up serene in their shiny midst. Long shadows of tall trees lay black across the road ; the hedgerows made the night-air ' odorous, and, far or near, no living thing was to be seen. Far or near. Redmond O'Donnell pulled up suddenly in his swinping pace, and looked away afield. His sight was of eagle keenness. What dark moving figure was that yonder crossing a stile, and vanishing amid the tal gorse? Ii was a woman — more, il was fa.ni Jar even at that distance. -«- 1 " . -iiWii .11.... I'1 a moment hi? resolution was taken. W hat woman was t his out for a midnight ramhlt-?' she must- have come straight, from Scarswood — tnere was no other habitation near. Captain O'Donnell set his lips, flung a-vay his cigar among the fern and grasses, v iulie.1; li kf a ' . y over the hedge, and in a moment was in mil pursuit. The figure that had vanished in the shadows of the waving gorse reappeared in the broad moonlight field. A. woman — no doubt about that now — njall woman, walking swiftly, light ly, gracefully, as only young wemen ever walk. That stately stature, that pose of tlie head and shoulders, surely- all were familiar- and a quarter-past twelve, alone and in haste. What mystery was here ? 'Seme instinct told me, six hours ago, when I recognised her first, that something was wrong — I am convinced of it. now. Something is wrong. What brings her here — of all people I in the world, and in the character of a nursery I governess? And where is she going at this | iineu 'Jily hour of the night?' Ft'l she went on — si ill the unseen pursuer I I. ! .wed on her track. She never looked back I straight, swift, as. one who has some fixed end in view; she went on, and still, steady and relentless, determined and stern, Redmond O'Donnell followed. Hrr destination was Bracken Hollow. It came upon him, seen for the first time, black and grim," buried among its gloomy trees, lonely and deseited. No lights gleamed any where about its shutters ; ilss shutters were all closed— unutterably errie and desolate in the white shimmer of the moon. But the nocturnal visitor opened the grim wooden gale with a key she carried, and fcr the first paused to look hack. She saw no one— the ! trees, and the shades, and the distance hid the pursuer : only tlie silver sheen of the stars and moon, tlia boundless blue of sky, the spreading green of earth, and the soft night : wind whispering over all, She turned from ! the g ilc, hurried up the gtass grown path, I and vanished in the inky gloom of the porch, j Redmond O'Donnell emerged from the j shadow of the trees, and approached the grue some dwelling. He paused at the wooden gate, which barred his further advance, and gazed up at the black, forbidding front. In his rambles over the neighbourhood lie had never come upon this out of-tlie way place. It stood in a spot so remote, so unfrequented, that whoever did come upon.it by chance, and those who knew it gave it wide berth, for it bore a ghostly reputation of a haunted house. lie stood, his folded aires resting upon the gate, tall sycamores and firs burying him in their deepest gloom, and watched and wn'led for — lie hardly knew what. What ought he to do ? While lie still stood there irresolute, lost in wonder and a sort of awe, the porch-door opened, and the myster ious lady he had followed appeared. A second figure — the bent form of a very old woman — came after. The first was speaking. ' No, no, Hannah, you shall not cotne. A Ir lid I What nonsense ! The time forme to fear anything eaithly has passed ! Nothing, living or dead will harm me! I will reach Scarswood in less than three quarters of an hour, get in as I get out, in spile of all Sir Peter's chains and locks, and to- morrow be once mote my lady's staid pieceptress of youth. Hannah, Hannah, what a life it is. Go back ; try to keep everything quiet. How fortunate Bracken Hollow is thought to be haunted, and no one ever comes here by night or day. No thing goes on far ever — I don't want it to go on for ever. My time is drawing near , little by little the 1'ght is breaking, and my day is coming. I will return as speedily as possible. Now, good night.' She. ran down the steps, walked with her firm, resolute, fearless tread down the path, as, as before, lingered a second 01 two at the gate. The old woman had gone back to the house and the tali, dark figure under the firs site did not see. She drew out her watch, and looked at it by the light of the moon. 'Half-past one!' she murmured. 'I ha 1 not thought it so lnt. It will he a quait-.r- pasii.two, then, before reach Scarswood.' 'And a very late hour for Miss Herncastle to he out a<c ne.' Obeying an impulse hejcould not resist, the chasseur emerged from the tree shadows, and stood before her. ' With her permission, I will see her safely back.' And then, with the bright light of the moo upon his face, Redmond O'Donnell remove his hat and bowed to Miss Herncastle. She did not scream, she did not even start. There must have been brave blood in the governess's veins. She stood there quite sti , and faced him; but in the moonlight that grey pallor came over the resolute face, and the great grey eyes dilated witjj something of the look of a hunted stag. ' Crptain Redmond O'Donnell,' she said slowly, 'it is you! I breathe again — for or:c moment I absolutely took you for a ghost. My nerves are good, but you gave them a shock.' ' Yes,' Captain O' Donnell jdrily answered, 1 1 think your nerves are good, Miss Hern castle. There are not many young ladies — not many strong minded governess even -who would fancy the long, lonely walk between Scarswood and this place between the ghostly hours of twelve and two.' ' No doubt,' she said, with a smile,' you considered it your duly tc follow me here to night — to dog nty steps like tlie hireling assassin , ?f an Italian novel — to (it is not a plensan word, but the word I want) play the spy P' q He was walking by her side. He was lowe ing the pasture bars of a field as she spoke, let her pass through. ; ' Spy ?' he said. 'Well, yes, I confess it looks like it. Still, in justice to myself and my motives, let me say something more thqn simple curiosity has been at work to night,' ' And yet, I suppose, the impulse of a gentleman would be to turn back at once., and think no more about it-. That was, I know, the first thought of Captain O'Donnell, the bravest chasseur in all the army of Africa. May I ask why he did not act upon il ?' 1 Simply for this reason— that Captain O'Donnel! recognised Miss Herncastle at six I o'clock last evening as she stood reading Fontenoy.' . ' Indeed,' Miss Herncastle responded, with supreme indifference. ' Recognised me, did youp I am rather surprised at that. You encountered me in the streets of Lcndon pro bably before I came here?' 1 No, madam ; I encountered you in a very different city. I have an excellent memory for faces, and though I may be puzzled to place 'hem for a while, I generally come out right in the end. (To be continued.) 