COMPLETE STORY. A BRILLIANT BAGMAN BY BIOHABD ASHE KING, Author of "A Eaoo with -Death," "An Exoiting Oliaso," "Tho Captain's Sweetheart," Ac. all queensland rights reserved. " Vfo are almost sure to meet people of rank there, door." " People of rank ! My dear mother, why on earth should you think people of rank better than other people P To judge by tho news paper reports thoy are moro wioked, and to judgo by tho society journals thoy are more vulgar than othor people." "Moro vulgar! My dear!" cried her mother, aghast at this blasphemy, beside whioh the obargo of wlokcdncss sank into insignifi cance. "Well, mother, their ideas and ideals tire vulgar if tlioy are anything liko what thoy arc represented to be in tho Boolety journals." "I don't know what you call vulgar, dear. Thore's Lord Ohillingham, that I mot last year atPemberton. I am sure thoro never was a more perfect gentleman. He took mo down to dinner and mado himsolf most ngroonblo." Tho good lady here proceeded to narrato for tho hundredth time tho merest conventional civilities of word and not whioh his lordship had shown hor during dilinor. As Mabel wus not prepared to consider all peers Valontihes becauso Lord Chlliinghom did not happen to be uu Orson, Bho remained siiont for tho rest of tho drivo to tho station, while hor mother twittered self-eomplaoently away about his lordsiiip'B chivalry. Wlion tho express drew up at the station the guard showed them into a carriage with but ono other ocoupunt in it— a liundsomo und most distinguished looking man of about fivo and thirty. Ho roso as thoy ontered to allow them to pass, and then proooedod to distribute their light luggago for them along the rack abovo him witli a military and almost mechanical courtesy. Mrs. Rutlivon, as sho followed with hor oyo this distribution of hor luggago, was struck by the sight of a'Gladstono bag insoribed with tho sacred logond " Viscount Mervyn." Hero was a pieco of singular good fortune ! Mabel, seeing licr mother's oyo thus fastened on the hag, lookod to seo what was tho fasoination it had for hor, and saw it with a miserable mis giving of what would follow. And, indeed, her good mother forthwith began a conversa tion with tho aristocratio stranger who, in courteously responding, looked continually ut Mabol. Plainly, us her mother notiood with dolight, tho singularly piquant bouuty of tho girl had insoinatcd him, as it well might. Again and again ho mado an effort to draw lier into conversation, but as sho answered him only in eurt and almost contemptuous fashion ho had to givo up tho attempt in dospuir. Sho could not liolp seeing tho dopth of his udmira- tion for lier in his oyes, and tho delicacy of it in Ids boarinm but her mother's effusiveness and its snobbish origin caused in her a natural reaction of disgust. Sho was not going to bow down and worship tlio mun heoauso he had " Viscount Mervyn" placarded liko un adver tisement upon his portmanteau. No man who wus a gontlomnn would parade his titlo in that vulgur way, und, indeed, tho probability was that this staring inscription was a mere traveller's— a commercial traveller's perhaps— triak to attract notioo and command dofcronco. This wild susploion wiih tho reactionary ro- salt of hor mother's more and moro obtrusive and lutrunivo attempts to improvo hor acquuint- nnoe with tho noble stranger, and its offcct was to mako Mabel take rofugo ratlior rudely in a hook immodintely after boing addressed to by "Viscount Morvyn." Honceforth ho and Mrs. Ruthvon had tho conversation altogether to thomsolves until tlio train pulled up at the noxt station. Hore, however, BOmothing occurred which altered tho aspect <Jf affairs in a singularly sudden und surprising manlier. A rathor raffish looking young gontloman oponcd tlio door of their compartment and pointed out to a porter tho Gladstone bug with tho flaring inscription na his. It seems he had left the compartmont to have a emoko in tlmt sot apart for emokors, and had now reached his destination. Poor Mrs. Buth- von's face, as she followed with hor oyos tlio titlo whioh had mislod her, was a study, and was studied by its innocent usurper till tho truth began to dawn upon liim. To put his BUspicion to the test he hazarded somo remark about tlio boauty of tho public parks attached to those smoky mauufaotiiring towns, whioh was, us lie half anticipated, received with cutting cnrtiiOBs. Being doubly furioiiH— with herself and liim— the childish old Lady could not conceal or control her annoyance. Just at tin's moment a littlo man on tho platform, recognising our friend, oamo ovor to tho win dow just as tho train was about to start. "Halloa! Matichoster? AVIio are you for ?" " Aslionhurst, Oakloy, iindMspIo." "Good busluoBS ! Success!" shouted tho littlo mim after him as tlio trulu swept out of the station. Now, as ovorybody, oven Mrs. Rnthvou, knew, Aslionhurst, Oukloy, and Mnplo was a big London upholstering firm, for whom thiB mun wus evidently tho travel ler! A_ more bagman ! How dared lie havo the importiuonco to talk to lier in thut intimnto way. Ho needed a lesson, and she would toueh him one ! Accordingly, to tho next remark ho ventured to make, sho offered no reply whatever ! Not in tho least diseonoerted, ho simply smiled und then glanced at Mabel, probably to sea If she liud the graco to be ashamed of hor mother's snobbory. Sho had, uiimistakubly. Hor-faoe was scarlet to tlio roots of hor hair, and upon catching liis glnnco she stiimrnerod out some answer to hiB remark as though it had been dircotly addressed to lier. Mabol lmd lio par ticular taste for buginon herself, but if tho gentleman hnd boon u sweep sbo must havo shown herself grauious to liitn to niqko up for hor mother's oiitragoous snobbishness. But tho conversation which sho had begun through politeness she coiitiuucd through a growing interest, whioh heoiimo ut Inst a fascination, "Whon," nsTounhstone observes, "nmun's good wit iB not seconded with tho forward child, understanding, It striken a man more dead than a great reckoning in a littlo room," and tlio stranger's conversation witli Mrs. Ruthvon was necessarily us eominon-plnoo as tlmt good lady's most oommon-plano mind. Mabol, liowovor, was a singularly bright young person, quick as an export tennis player to take and roturn evory conversational stroke deult to lier. Soon, liowovor, sho found herself simply making such answers tlint would draw out tlio most brilliant talker sho lmd over listened to. Nover had sho fait a journey to he so short, or so muoh wished It lengthened ; und when, upon the train slowing, ho said, "Tlila is Manchester!" she oxolaimed, involuntarily, in a tone of disappointment, "Oh." Ho may havo been paid fughor compliments in Ids life ; bnt novor hud lio got ono which guvo liim such lntonso pleasure ns tho tono of tliut exolumu- tion. In reply ho oould not resist quoting a poet of whom they hud been talking— ' ' Liko driftwood spars, which most and puis Upon tho boundless ocean plain, So, on tlio sou of lifo, alas I Man moots man— meets, alul quits again." And then he sighed to himself tho last lino of the poom ; — f 'And Marguerite I shall see no mora.' " As, howover, sho know tlio poom by heart alio caught tho almost Inaudible lino and blushed at tlio eoiiiplimont of tho profound sigh witli wliioh lie uttered it. In faot, whilo sho wus hanging on his lips us tho most oloquont Imaginable, lio was vilohantod with her far moro oloquont oyes. In a word, this men of thirty-five wits hi love for tho first timo in Ids life, and at first sight. Whon tlio train drew, up at tho Manchostor plntfonn, lio got out first and offered to Mrs. Itntiiveii his hand, which that good lady affected not to seo. Sho Btoppnd nut unaided, and ho liositutad then ubout offorlug his hand to Mabol till sho— moro shnckod tliuu ovor at her mother's rudeness— put out licrs for ills liolp. "I do hops wq siiall meet again," ho ventured to suy in n low tone to her, with his whole heart and soul in the words and in tlio look which accompanied tliom. "Thank you," alio answegod, blushing, and then added hurriedly, "It is I who ought to wish that; I've nover had suoh un interesting conversation." " Mabel ! " cried lier mother sharply. But the girl, before turning to join her mother, offered him her hand, which ho took and shook lingeringly, and thoy ported. " Mabel ! " her mother almost shriokod when the girl had joined lier. " Do you .know what you've been doing? Do you know what that man is? A bagman! A furniture bagman ! " " AVliutover his business is, he's a gentle man, mother; and tho must agreeable and clover ono I havo over met in my lifo." A kind of ghost-seeing look in hor mother's faoo mado Mabel look round to find tlio stranger close behind her ! Ho must have heard every word sho lmd said. "I hog your pardon," he stammered, show ing that lie had heard. " I bog your pardon, but you left this behind in tho ouiTiuge," handing her hor handkerohiof. " Oh, thank yon ! " Mabel answered, covered with confusion. Ho raised his hat and departed as Mrs. Ruthvon almost dragged Mabel towards a cub. During tho long drivo to Feniflold Mrs. Rutiivon relieved hor pent-up horror of Mubol's familiarity with a bagman by incoherent scoldings and lamentations, to which tho girl hardly listened nnd mado no answer. IRpon reaching Fornfield, however, tho gooa lady almost forgot her griovaneo when ehe learned that two lords and a Sir George Armstead wero to dino thero that very- day. It perplexed her notions somowhat to find thnt Sir Gcorgo- — a lawyer— was to ho tho guest of tho ovening, simply heoause ho was tho greatest pleader of tho any. Mabel looked forwurd to this dinner party as dismally as hor mother lookod cugorly ; but nil her listleesnoss vanished whon' the hostess brtmght up to hor in tho drawing-room tlio bagmuu ! "Sir George beggod us a spooial favour, Miss Rutiivon, to bo ullowed to tuko you into dinnor." At dinnor she learned that tlio upholsterers wero liis clients in a groat ouso ; but Sir Gcorgo outstayed tho easo iu Manchester for rousons tho rouder may guess. 