LITERAITJRE What, if anything, can a rational oreature who has studied and undomtood the work of any poet, great or rrn.iM, from Homnr down to Mrfohu*, fro*u Lwirotius d««wn to Martial, from Dante dnw?i to Iil^stani', from Villon dovru to Volt»irc, fr-'in S!ial,(S;c''.ro down to Byron, find to npj-1?u. to npnrovoor to con dnno in tho work of \W.tv-r whitman? To this very reasonable and inveviiab'o question tho answer is not far to seek. I have mynolf repeatedly pointed out— it may (I have often boon told so) with too unqualified sym pathy and too uncritical cnthusitum — tho qualities which given certain touch of great ness to hin work, tho sources of inspiration which infuse iiito its chaotic jargon somo passing or eeouaiug note.i of oosraio beauty, aud diversity wir.U wtootbing of oooawonBl harmony, tho stridcut aud barren discord of its jarring and erring nU ws. His sym pathies aro usua ly generous, his views of life aro occasionally just., and his viows of death are invariably noble. Ino-hcr words he generally moans well, having a go.-d htock on band of honest emotion ; ho some times sees well, having a natural sensibility to such aspoots of nature a* appeal to un oye rathor quiok penetrating ; ho seldom writes well^ being cabined, cribbed, oonfined, bound in to the limits of a thoroughly un natural, imitative, histrionic, and affected etyle. Gilbertian humour cannot bo affiliated to other forms of humour. Its primary charao teristio is, however, conspicuous enough. It proceeds upon un intellectual basis It appeals to the logical sense. It applies ratiociuation, | the prooosses of puro intellect, to regions governed in actual life by instinctive hubit, 1 tho will, blind forces of nature. The usual | outcome of this is what is commonly known as Mr. Gilbert's ' topsy-turveydom.' That France loves her ohildien is shown by the fact that never in art or literature has she made tbem vulgar. Neither in birth not in infancy have their nurselings been mude common with tho d ulncss. of habitual life. The childron of France had neither Sterne nor Dickons on the watch for the humoui of the natal hour. And tho little girl has never in Franco worn the tediousnos* of the house, die street, and tho subu^s as she has worn it in England. ~Nor lias fho, oti the other hand, borne the burden of the cheapest of all ornament, as a roady-ma.de subject of bid pictures. There is plenty of medioority in France, as ' elsewhere. But it has never ab sorbed French children. As a science, Geography points with her magic wand not only to the terrestrial but to' tho celestial globe. She teaches as to read the - secret of things above aod things bolow, of tho movements of tho stars no let-s than the d trk genesis of sorae doop ocean current, of cradle, of the winds, of tho birth of the olouds of tho fu:liug of grateful showers, of the roariug of the mighty trade winds, of the thunderous fury of tho devastating hurricane; she tolls us why the stagnant pools are foul, why tho breath of sweet*lipped morn is fragrant, why the morning mists are formed, why the skies are clear; she lectures to - us on tho economy of the ocean, the equipoise of tbe elements, the ever-surging mutations from pole to pole. A man or womau who lives frugally, who takes tho simple food ho was made to subsist on and no in )re, who drinks tho one natural fluid, water, who' liven, in regard to eating aud drinking, the natural life, is fitted pri marily .for the best li&vtbo; Blrbngest, .the** most active, ihe most jmduring. Presuming ; he^ii'/born of *good 'and- 'wholesome -cousta* - tatibQj hoisthen, except *fur eeciileutal; des- tructive agencies tin a fair way- to live five timefe his maturity^, that m five times twenty - one years, the natural term of his anatomi- ' cal life— one hundred and five years— a term fow reach, but which is attainable as a matter of - natural law and the majority would attain it if they lived oa proper food and -drink. Our forefathers pressed their views, what ever they might be, at the ' i-omt of tne pike and by the persuasive foroo of tho good vard shaft. They knew what they believed, an! they intended that the others should know it too. 'Well for those who wero content Ho follow as they were led, and who forebore to question tho absolute wisdom of their masters! With us on the contrary, everything is pasrod through the fire of doubt and criticism ; and wlio -would now burn or be burned for a dogma P The spirit .of ngnostinism has dis placed abortion, and opened the door to postdbility ; and tho 4 May be' on the one t-ide balances vihe '.Is it sof' on the other. This gives a wider outlook over all tho tracts of human though ; but it is loss comforting to the souls whioh nood oortainty for thou* support. -Mrs Lynn Linton. Contemporary politico have bocomo aeort rif nN»n|^ t .ing classes. It is as particular friends ^and humble servants that -stato.-mon and -politi - cians of all shades ahd coloejs are now m *he habit of founding their clilol and most urgent cl&iiaa; to the confidcnoi aud .approval of the public. No scheme which pretends to ad vance the welfare ot. the working classes,, material,' intellectual, or moml, --s too ex travagant or too absurd for respeotful ^n«l sympathetic nt.teiilion. It appears to bo tukeu for granted, indeed, that they are to lie regarded as an exceptional and privuegc&l; ordor in the State, who aro to be expected 10 do nothing for themselves. Manual labour, it seems to bo assumud, is tbe whole duly of man; whoa it is accomplished, it emancipates performed from all the ordinary obiiga* tions and renponBtbilitios whioh the rest of / ,tho community aro compelled to fulfil and enduro.— World. De.epito tho generally assumed oounootion between ghosts, pork-pies, and tho works of I Mioh writ' rs a- Sheridan Lo Fanu, diet docs' not determine the form of a droani ; other wiso, those of us who aro often visited by tho visions of tho dark would sup, now on a sslad of roso leaves, now on a woll hung grouse, nnd again on foods of grosser fibro. Anothoriuan will fancy ho has solved tho riddlo whon ho says that dreams aro pictures wovtn on tbe tapestry of tho night by an un controlled imagination. This goes a step further than the undigested blot-of mustara thooty. But how comes it that the imagina tion has escaped control f How should it play antios of whioh its wide nwako sobriety is innapablo, aud oall your othor faoultios— tho wiU, tho memory— to join its soundless revelry P Anothor man acts down all dreams as supernatural, aud holds that they, liko our selves, aro— no other than a moving row Of magio shadow-shapes, that oome and go Hound with sun illuminated lantern held In midnight by tho Master of the Show. That, again, explains without tlucidatlng. j In the present state of our knowledge we | must always hold tho door ajar for tho super* I natural. Tho youngster who posses half his time in lolling at the bow-window of his olub is no longer content to decide small questions : to awnrd tho guerdon of boauty, to givo his opinion on tne runuing at tho Legor, to pro nounce upon what will be tho next sensation of the burlesque stage. He may 'still have the oye of a connoisseur In female oharmi ; may deoroo tho fashion of a tie, tho shapo of a coat, the buttoning or unbuttoning of a glove. But ho soars far hlghor ; his mind seeks greater conquests. He aspires to taoklo litoruturo, scicnco, and the arts ; ho will rulo tho positions of authors, took to mako or mar reputation!*, oven of tho groat thinkers and loaders of tho world. Although incapable of keen observation he protends to bo a mftstor of nioeties ; unablo to reason soundly or logically, leaving as yot inadu no prctenoo to pcrformanoe, boforo ho onn say 4 Foci ' bo takes * Dixi ' as his motto in life, aud is es unhesitating in hts fiats as an irresponsible king. His judgments aro as unyielding as thoy are inopt ; they aro as sweeping us the nowest of brooms, as severe as they are generally unjust. In my earliest days in London they pro duced on tho stago Tonnyson's 4 Promise of May/ I was present at that fright-ul fiasco The pi ty was not a go^d one, but its failure that night was not so much due to iu artistic dofccls us to its daring troatmont of morals. It prosontod tho conventional soduoer of inuocenco not as a ruffian who ought to bo kicked, but as a thinker who had even some thing to say for hi'usolf . This was grotesque to tho English public, and they howled and howled. I alcne, or almost alono, with my friond Theodore Watts, oheerod and choorcd. It wasn*t that we cared a ha'p'orth for tbe scoundrel on the stage, but that wo olaimod the right of the drama to deal with moral questions. That night in my lodgings I wrote to Tennyson: 1 moant him to get my letter with the newspapers next morning. 4 Tho stage,' ho answered, 4 must be in a very low state ihdeed, if, as some dramatic critics aro telling us, nono of the great moral and social questions of the time oan bo touchod upon in a modem play.' That was only twclvo years ago, and what have those twolvo years witnessed P— Hall Caine. ? 