RELIGIOUS SERVICES. ALL SAINT'S CHURCH—There was a large congregation at All Saint's Church yesterday morning. The Rev. J. Garlick preached a practical sermon on Genesis XLII, 24 "And lie lamed' himself shout ffoiri"lhom and wont, and relumed to' them again and communed with them; and too^.,from them Simeon and bound him before tboir dyoi'” Ho pointed out that there wore nmby .things In the condilions . 'and circumstanced .of Joseph's wonderful bifi'ory specially calculated to coll forth the tciidoincee oxhlbiUdbybim towards hia brethren, hut tboro were also two other qualities, self-control and severity, the throe forming a combination that made bis character not only exemplary, but also, typical, a model of human dealing, because, first arid above all it was. % pattern of -the divine. JVe might learn from . tbo . incident that, in each of us there was a secret .os well as a visible life. .. It .was condemnation " rather than n commendation to. anyone to soy ho hod not a joy or , a sorrow or a" thought which ,he was not , ready, to sbaro with olhors., Naturallyj wo despised the con fidf-ncoa which were sown, broadcast over Dm v-'bole field of ncquBintanceship. A man ought (p, have bis 'seemt thoughts, but though .looked, up,in his omibrenat from bis fellow men they could not bo Him “from whom no secrets arc hid,” All bad tboir secret sorrows, hut it should give comfort to know c lhat wo, might breath' the very thought of thorn into the car of dur Heavenly Father. Whilst. keeping 'those secret sorrows id our*, solves, there was a wholesome discipline in mixing ourselves up in the affairs of others .and taking . an interest in. tbo things that benefited Ihotu, Poisons, ’ would gain. .more influence over others if they aimed rather at being Chrht-liko than ,Cbri » t-procldiming. The element of severity |n Joseph’s character was duly dwelt upon, but. in,;’punishing evil, nlthouglLof long standing,’ho was onlyaoling as God’s minister and -repVcsontativd “for tho punishment of wickedness and vice, and for the maintenance. of ' trim religion and virtue,” It was not the province of many of us,- “men. of, like passions,” to judge our follow men,; but' il was tho ,,duty of all of' ; us td-judgo bursplvca; and ,[n all ages of .thd world it,'was'always Iruo that the tenderpst .mop ! were those who were tho severest with'them’selyes,. They know how to pity others because they knew bow to ac knowledge -their- own sins and to repent of them... There was a full .choir, the. .pld mom bera attending in strong force.' Miss' Jones, of Golden Square, ably presided at the organ. Mr Newbury,of tbo Newbury-Bpada Company, sang during the. offertory with jjrcat fervor and admirable expression, Mondolsahon’s “ Bo tbpu faithful unto .death,” Mp Nott playing his accompaniment on (he. organ. CONOBBOATIONAX CHURCH.— Tbo aoni oferacry services in connection .with the build ing rood werobold yesterday. , There wore good, attendances, and two sermons were .preached by the Rov A. B. Rofc,.tbo droning being based upon Joel 11, 28 29. The preacher referred to the strong expoota .tion of the Jewish people and the prophets that., the perrona!', manifestation' of i>L)oity would soon be accomplished ; and it was this .which gave every woman such & hopefulness in maternity, iaosmuch os tbo promise had been given that the seed of the woman, should bruise the serpent's head. The outpouring of the Holy Ghost was also . anticipated in the words of the . text, a promise which was realised on tho day of Pentecost. But this operation of the Divine Spirit in the church hod tended to create a class of religious people who might be termed “hangers on of Provi dence,” and who waited for these, maaifoata tioDa instead of doing tbo work which was everywhere at baud. So men looked for the visit of Moody and Snnkoy or similar evangelists, expecting, that such men would be the mediums through whom tho bles eing would come, and failing to recognise that - the. Deity, though usually working through the human, could and did also work outside of it. -He would direct attention to a few dangers ,which menaced tho operation of Divine power. The account of Penlicoat stated that they wore all “ with one accord in ono, place.” He was thankful that in that church (bay were free of the devil of discord, but the want of unity in many churches, tbo querulous, "carping spirit, which found vent in evil speaking, and la suggestion of impro per and personal motives, was a potent factor in preventing the functions of the Spirit from finding scope. A second danger was tho multiplex aspect of modern civilisation. In ancient and simpler times tho fatbor was tho patriarch of tho family, and led in worship, often performing priestly offices, _ Job wa’s an instance in . bis offering of. sacrifices for his children,lest ip their daily feasting they might have .cursed God in their hearts. But did .parents, in those later days discharge tboir ;diity in this respect? In tbo absence of re ligious teaching in State, schools, the duty more than oyer devolved upon tbo family of maintoining its religious prineix pies, or- the, next generation would, grow up “without hope and. without .God in tbo world,” and'suoh a condition of things was utterly unfavorable to an outpouring of the HoIy Gbost. Another danger was in tho spatbyiof church -goers whom Mr Gladstone designated “oncers.” if persons thought that obedience to God was given by a solitary oburob service, bow could such an example bh other than-disastrous to olhors? Tbo.world judged the church by its earnestness, and snob halt-beartedness must exhibit unfitness :to receive.tbo divine in breathing. Of course, there - were many inlances whore only one member • of the family could attend in tho morning, and. another in- the evening, but tbere was sufficient excuse ip these cases. Another danger was tho gradual decay of the spirit of prayer in our churches. Tbo religion .of man was comprised in tho Sabbath attend onoe:ot tbo means of grace, but the woeknlgbt meeting was-almost dying put. There could be .no. manifestation of spiritual life side by .side with decay. Ho . urged them lo place ? themselves by. renewed earnest ness and. consecration in a receptive con diuon-for the operation of lbo divinospirit withlo lboir hearts and. homos, and also in the life of tho church. An augmented, choir, under the baton of Mr E. A. Bindley, sang “In bumble faith and holy love,” “O, lovely peace,” ??He, watching over Israel,” “The Chapel,” and:the,"Story of the Cross,” with excellent taste and- effect. The day’s collec tions wero gratifying. . Tho anniversary will be continued on Wednesday by, a sale pi gifts and concert. Forest Street Wesleyan Church.—The Rev J. A. Osborne, occupied tbo pulpit yester day morning, and ■ continued his sermon oh (ho trial of Peter and John by the Ban bod rim. He took as bis text Acts 4tb chapter, 19th and 20th verses, combined with chapter 5 th, 29th verso. “ We ought to obey God ratbor than man.” He said that tbo;rulers were defeated, but' bed we the common honesty to. ad-> mit *>!(*.■ The miracle was plainly done, eodi the -question' was bow had 4t ibcon accomplished, If by the Christ whom they bad ..crucified tho consequences might bo. 'serious and tboro was no possible means to repute (heir statement. They were unable to punish them, because they wore at; that Mine very popular, and so 1 they resorted to an :«ttempfc lo-olbse. tboir .mouths, How-for they were successful-oould.bo seen fromlbo com men sense answer of .’Peter, “Judge yo whether \- fo tbe sight of God. V If persons nowadays were-bo ask .themselves this question instead Of the weaker one, “Is It. wrong?” it -would ‘be well for Them. A lesson to be learned from, the text was that the divine wuthdrity was supreme. . ■ The gospel did not' inoito ;mon to -disobedience.-, against lawful; -authority. St. Paul. wrote, “Honor all men ; ( love .the -brethren, God:; honor tbo-king servants obey-your masters,’” and so-on.pWhnt : was taught was that when human-,and divine, authority- clashed, . tbo latter-.-must bo con-.; ■ «{dered 'first. In conclusion be . showed how bad been The efforts of - tbe enemies of Christianity>to stop its progress in alleges, •odi advised them to take as their - motto,, . in- God and do .the. right. ” . St..Matthew’s, Long Gully.—Tbo Tarsary of-the Sunday school was .celebrated yesterday. The Rev G. A. Brower occupied, \- (be . .pulpit . in tbo morning, and preached an ( »dotoreatiog sermon to the children on. 1st i'Harouol,-3rd chapter, 10tb .verse—“And the. Xord oame and ctood and called -as at other times, Bamudl, JSoroueJ. Then Samuel an swered, 8pcak, for thy servant hoareth. In’ 'the mftornoon itho .RovJ. -Garlick .preached,. .the >oblldrcn on y Perseverance. ” ’ fie took as :his 'text JZnd.TbcsBslonians, 3rd. <jhBpter, 8lb vorso. By giving, instances of : coon wbo- bad succeeded in lifo through per-- •evoranoo ho taught the children its value' vmd advised .thorn to cultivate it, In (bo ;;.>cffeping.(hoCRbv. Ni Joncs preached -to a largo. <ooogogation from .2nd Timothy, '3rd -chapter,! flfithi 'vetser-^And icom a lbou bast, known (he holy Bor]ptares,'wbiob arc.able to make B«lv»tion,” His remarks were tnafnfy. addressed to ,the parents, upon ’, impressed tho' neoOBsity bf lb?.;' -.BoenoShg tho mindS of-tho bhlldroh in thoirj * <Bor)y:''';i3ay,», ooiirie bf 'bis sermon bo’ oiaimedl that St: Patrick really belonged to ; (bo Anglican Cbucoh, having derived bis 'education from them before the Churab; of. ' Rome bad any power over him. The children* suing special hymns very bioely under the, direction of Mr F. A. Polfclnghpro. Miss A. Xtlabards ectad as organist. . , ! / -IS LIFE WORTH hjymO? . -The Rev A. Bi G. James discoursed op (biis •object in St Andrew’s Cburob last evening \- tb’a largo oongcogation. His text was, “For what Is your life? It - is oven as a vapor that appearetb for a Utile time and then vaplshoth *way,0amo8 ir., 14).” Tbo proaobor. began • by reviewing .the pdvanco of scepticism in Xeligion. which . bad now gone to such an extent that men deny tbo moral government of God. and assert that Ho is the slave of Bis, own laws. Men sympathising with these.’ views have boon bold enough to ■ fade the mystery of existence itself and \- ask tbo ; question “Is life worth living? They have gone*further and declared that H is not. How serious their position is if God is indded sD all-wise ruler who has henofloent code lb ylosr grants Hfo to H«« are simply challenging the Altnijghly-uQd iiaeelariogito His face' Unit ’ tho men or dust and wiser and nobler •nan He. There are many masons wbloh load men to think that lifo is an evil. In tho present condition of society some men appear .10 bo born to bo tho slaves'- of , others. By. oiroumstauoes over which they have I no con* trol they are compelled to labor day after day‘ for a mere pittance. Their, labor is so severe' Ibat when it is finished ' they have no desire lo enjoy life, and their few hours of reel are not sufficient lo restore the jaded body to its normal vigor. As years roll on without prospect of anything .better, and in creasing infirmities manifest themselves, they long for the quiet rest of tho grave." Others, daily oppressed with anxieties, cares and troubles, learn from bitter experience that anguish of . mind is more bitter tliah toil of body, ory with Job, “I loatbo it; 1 would not live always." Others find the world a cold place to live In. affections have boen misplaced, their friends turn out (aUe and their loves cruel. No altar fico of family affection has burnt upop their hearth. They fool that for them life holds nothing desirable—existence would bo only a 1 pro-* traotod misery, or at best an empty .jibing. Others again asking tho question why has existence boon given to mo at ail, find tho mystery 100 groat tor their solution. Why, they cry, am 1 oast upon : the groat, ooeanof life without my own consent? Why must I onduro life’s discipline and -fight its battles whether I choose or not? Tho philosopher, hearing (ho babe) of voices, and gazing on the misery of tbo African slave, the anguish of tho half-starved Hindoo, the apathy of the suffering Chinaman, tho florae ■ competi tions, of so-called civilised’ and Christian countries, with the fateful fires of- revolu tion smouldering beneath tho surface of sooioty, the. 'shams and hypocrisies of roan*: kind even in tho homo of religion, declares mournfully and emphatically, “.Life is not worth living.”'. But iflthis is sho correct; answer, why live ? if life is worthless, why.- not end it ? The philosopher! however, does not commit suicide. Instead bo writes a book and pours into it the poison of his own doubts that it may undermine the faith and destroy tho last lingering hope of many poor souls. The philosopher feels that it is better' to endure tho ills that wo have than‘fly to. others that wo know not of. If Qod be' good and wise, to doubt that life is worth living is .a mockery, Man is born to trouble; and in this world dll have tribulations. Then what is tho Christian answer to the question. Firstly, it claims that if lifo has its sorrows it baa also its compensation.. The felicities of friendship and the joys of family affection are rarely denied oven to the poorest. Tho masterpieces of art and literature are now within the reach of all, and in; them lljo mighty, de&d; ory out evermore “ Excelsior, onward, over onward.” There .is exhilaration oven in severe and. long continued toil. There is joy in high aims and groat endeavors and beauty in acts'of. self-saorifiao. Those serve to brighten the dark clouds of trouble with the silver lining of hope andpoaco, But .life is not complete in this world, and tho key of the mystery is found in the hereafter. Tho future is the child born out of the sore travail and anguish by tho present, and tbo birth pangs of the child are tbo death agonies of the mother. There is more in man than tho body, which oats and drinks and sleeps and enjoys. The body is.native of tbo earth and clings lo it, hut the soul is a child of a far serenor clime. Trials and sorrows, diseases, crosses, bereavements,those agonies and Geth> sanmea are the appointed discipline for refin ing and educating the higher nature and pro** paring it for its life beyond the grave. The Christian answer to tho question is that what God l takes Ho gives buck, in ample measure, and' that in tho suffering Ho inflicts Ho gives tbo patience, and strength needed .for its en* durance, Ho parifes the gold by tbo heat of the furnace, and tbo tangled reverse of the tapestry becomes the golden and symmetrical observe in heaven,. 