THE PIflATE TEN. A SALT WATER ROMANCE. BY W. CLARK RUSSELL. author of 'Tlie Golden Hope,' 'The Death Ship,' 'The Good Ship Mohock,' &e.; (All Rights Reserved.) CHAPTER XXVn.^(Continued.) The struggle, however, was not yet over. The five had fought like furies, they snapped their revolvers to right and left, aud hurled them as Caldwell had at the heads of the seamen when the chambers were empty. Three sailors lay wounded from the dis charge of those firearms while the jrentlemen themselves remained un hurt. The giant Davenire had wrenched a handspike from the hand of a mau, and thus armed he rushed upon Mr. Matthews. The worthy mare had a heart of oak but he was new to this sort of business, and could nor 'biit spring back from this on -i*nsrht. of flint arve-at flirure terrible with the heavy capstan bar he swung. \ I11 another moment the poor fellow ; would never have needed to sign arti- ? des auy more for a Jiving— tie was ; saved by Davenire's foot in his white ; blind heat striking the revolver that j Caldwell had hurled at the comman- 1 der; it tripped him and he was flung; 1 he fell headlong with all his own and j the weight of the massive beam he ! grasped. Then the mate, yelling for help, leapt upon him. Three seamen tumbled upon the prostrate giaut; yet j ;t took the united strength of those : four men to secure the herculean Mr. | Mark Davenire. At every wrestling . heave and furious motion of his mus- \ oular mas? of body lie slung one or another, making them leap as a man springs from the side of a capsized boat. But numbers must prevail. 1 Matthews gripped him with both j hands by the throat and was strang ling him. while the seamen were mak ing: a helpless bale of the huge robber by turn upon turn of rope round his arms and body and legs. There was no more noise of fire arms after Davenire was secured. Trollope, Weston, Shannon, and Han fcey, with their backs against the bul warks in the gangway were making a magnificent stand when the comman der.' having dropped Mr. Caldwell in to the steerage, looked round from the hatchway at the quarter- deck scene of struggle. Davenire was even then J being bound, and the mate knelt upon him with his hands upon his throat. You might have heard the groans of the wounded men above the cries and curses of the seamen as they hacked and. hewed at the four gentlemen ! against the bulwarks, not wishing to I siioot them and not able to subdue them. AIL four men had managed to wrench cutlasses out of the grasp I of their opponents, aud they made a I lightning in the air with these wea pons as they struck in return, lung ing and parrying, or letting drive the slinging blows of the boarder. Trol lope was scarcely recognisable for a j wound in his head. 15onie hand had early laid his cheek open, and his linen coat was drenched with blood, and his left arm was crimson as he raised it. It was a wicked, miser able scene, lifted it to no height of heroism — though it lacked not that quality— because of the char acter of the villains. Boldock, gazing a moment, never could have imagined anything to surpass that picture of savage resistance. 'Surrender,' he' roared, rushing to wards the six or seven men who were swinging handspikes and cutlasses at the four, 'we don't want your lives, but you're our prisoners— you must be our prisoners. Surrender, you scoun drels!' As he thundered out those words a pistol was fired behind him, and 'with a groan the unhappy Trollope let fall his cutlass; his blood-soaked arm sank slowly, a piteous expression swam in to his eyes as he turned them upon the commander, death whitened him and made very ghastly by contrast of hue the wound that bled in his head, aud he fell sinking on to his' knees, next stretching his length. When Weston saw this he flung his cutlass high in the air and folded his arms. He was immediately collared by a couple of iseamen, and Mr. Han key was at the same instant knocked down. 'If it must be, it must. be/'. Shan non panted, dropping his weapon and striking his hands into his pockets, and looking at the body of Trollope. He too was promptly seized, ana xne three men were walked off to ' the hatch and dropped below. 'Get the irons', Trivett,' shouted the commander.. 'I suppose there are irons aboard this ship? Who killed that man?' and he pointed to the body of Trollope. 'It was the Dane, sir,' answered one of the seamen of the Queen; this poor fellow could scarcely speak, near ly the whole of his front teeth having been knocked out. 'The accursed little foreigner!' ex claimed the commander, almost losing his roasted looks in the sudden paling heat of his wrath, 'I will have him indicted for murder! He shall hang for It. What's become of the little dog?' he cried, looking round him. Then his sight going to the three wounded seamen near the hatchway, he called to Mr. Matthews, and told him to order some men to lift them and carry them carefully forward to their beds and to accompany them that he might report their condition. The first man they handled was a poor fellow wounded to death. They raised him; he was Tom, the poor sailor that had jumped overboard. He was a favorite in the forecastle despite Ms -queer views and love of ' argument and taint of harmless mad ness. 'Poor Tom!' said the men, as they lifted him. He gave a single Btruggle, and cried with a- dying roll of his eyes, '?'Mates, God's put the bud. out!'? . . The other two were quickly taken forward. . i The commander stood beside the body of Trollope, gazing down sit the dead face. He lay sldeways. The wound was hidden, and Boldock saw. a handsome gentle man lying in death. . He lay a. very fine figure of a man, and Boldock thought that he at some time in his life had met him. 'I may recall yon some of these days,' mused the com mander, with the velocity of thought, standing for a minute beside the body. 'That you were a gentleman is cer tain; no doubt an officer in the army. A base end, an ignoble end! What did you do with those qualities with which you might have made a respect able, even a shining figure upon this brief stage? God forgive us all! Why did the Dane kill this man?' He lifted his wide straw hat to wipe the sweat from his streaming face, then turned from the body, calling to a couple of hands to carry it to a fore most cuddy cabin. Trivett came up to him. 'A sharp business,' said the com mander, 'and far bloodier than I wanted.' 'It couldn't be helped, sir.' 'No. They fought like true child- 1 ren of Satan.' 'Like Englishmen, sir,' said Tri vett. . 'Get buckets and swabs for these decks,' the commander shouted. 'Been hurt, Trivett?' '?Bit of a thump over the back of the head, sir; nothing to talk of.' 'We have three men wounded,' said ' Ihe commander. 'One man badly hurt in the mouth. The mate of this barque will report other in juries. I believe we- have come off pretty lightly. The rogues were handsomely armed, but shot wildly or their first discharge should have dropped more than three of us. Is Miss Mansel on deck?' ? 'She's right aft near the whe*il, sir.' 'The fellows are in irons?' 'They are. sir.' 'Well, get the decks washed down, Trivett, and— stay.' He rushed to the side and looked over. 'Just so!' he shouted. 'Trivett, we must get that longboat aboard. Keep all shak ing aloft till the boat has been fetch ed and stowed.' He then went on to the poop. The little combat had been fierce and long, long at least for numbers so unequal. The sun . was high, the wind small, the sea floated before the faint nor therly wind iu a breast of shivering satiu down, to where the dim pearly square of the brig's canvas took the eye. The barque had been held to the wind during the struggle, and the longboat lay about a quarter of* a mile distant on her quarter. Miss Mansel stood beside the wheel watching her. When Boldock approached she turned, aud, seeiug him, ran to meet him. 'Are you hurt?' she cried. 'Not to the extent of a hair of my head, my dear,' he answered. 'How the*wretches fired! It was a perfect storm of shooting. I listened in the cuddy, shivering. If one ball had hit you . . . .' ./'It's pleasant to be thought of in this way. It is a novel sensation to me. There's been nobody to think of me, fair or foul, since my mother died.' 'That's altered,' said Miss Mansel. She was about to ask after the pri soners; some men came along to enter the quarter-boat which lay floating in. the water alongside and interrupted her. One was Harry the Dane. He looked with a scared though brilliant gaze at the commander, and tumbled quickly into the mizzen chains before the rest. Boldoek did not address him. xfe called to one of the others: 'Any of you men injured?' 'None of us here, sir. There's a man dead in the fok'sle.' 'na!' groaned Boldock. The seamen dropped over the side. 'It was that scoundrel Dane 'who killed your friend Trollope, Mar garet.' 'Is Trollope dead?' she exclaimed. 'Killed by a. dirty little mutinous foreigner, in absolute disobedience to my orders. I will see how he is to be punished for it. I doubt if there is any law that, under the circum stances, will enable me to get at the scoundrel.' 'Captain Trollope dead!' murmured the girL 'Are others of them kill ed?' 'All unhurt in irons in the steer aee.' They stood watching the men bring ing the longboat to the ship, and they talked of the fight, and Miss Mansel ; asked the commander if he saw the look on Caldwell's face when he saw her? 'It was not a favorable moment for observation,' said the commander. 'I tripped him on a sudden rather easily, I thought, and fell with him and on him. He carries the aspect of a wicked character. The handker chief convicts him as one of them. I should like to know who was thai other.' ' 'It is like a. dream,' said the girL 'Yet I could swear that the other was Mr. Davenire.' Mr. Matthews rose upon the ladder and came in his slow walk along the poop. He looked pale and hollow as though just out of a hospital.. ' 'Sorry to say there's a hand dead In the fok'ele, and the others seem in a bad way. I've done What I could for them.' 'The villains should have surrender ed and saved this loss of life,' cried the commander, stamping his foot. 'As I came along,' continued Mr. Matthews, 'your bo'sun told me that one of the prisoners had gone mad: I put my head over the hatch to lis ten, and* heard the voice of Mr. Cald well shouting. It mainly concerned you, Miss ManseL You, and the man. Masters. D'ye remember, him? The worm-eaten, rather good-looking chap, that was believed to have lost his heart to you.'' 'Td rather not hear euch things,' said -the commander stiffly, whilst Miss Mansel's cheeks began to glow. 'What is that dreadful .Oaldwell saying ?' .said the .girl. . 'Oh, he was shouting and shouting, and all I .could collect -was— but he swears so— CI never would have shot you, you wretched idiot, if I'd known -she tv«s alive. Why, in the name of brimstone, did you challenge me for a deaH woman as you thought her? There's Dayenire here will tell you -We did it- in the interests of the gang, for your sake, you ? ' here he bjesjan to shout and rave again, but It was . all to the same effect. He's gone mad, and is talking to the ghost of Mr., Masters, and I never heard the others speak « Word.' . - ''Galdweirs assistant then 'was the giant!' said the Commander. . 'I have all along said it,'' ^claimefl .Miss Mansel, and she appeared to watch ifce procedings of the- two boats. . ' ? ' ? 'Wiat's pur programme now, sirf* eaid Mr. Matthews, with & glow, gatto of fatigue and horror at the distant brig. 'pp helm for that craft there as soon as ever you like,' answered the commander, 'and a straight course for the island, -where I hope we shall find the gold. Refresh yourself first pray, and, 'Mr. Matthews, let the hands have a bumper all round. Get that boat stowed as smartly as the men are able to do it; and Margaret, come below, my dear, and help me to find the materials for a glass of grog.' 