THE YARRA GLEN GOLD- FIELD. . DIGGERS DISAPPOINTED. A correspondent asserts : — Probably tho nearost golufield to Melbourne is that at Steele's Crock, a fow miles from ths Yarra Glen railway station ; and, whilst tho aearost, it is probably also the Crest. Tho fiold has been somewhut used during the past month or two, with the result that many Bcorea of men havo visited it only to be sorely disappointed, An article which racsntly appeared in a Mol- \ bourne contemporary convoyed ths im- prcssion tbat the gold was plontiful there, that tho sinking was easy, and that the 200 men on the field ware making good wages — 15s or £1 a day beiog no unuaual thing. As a matter of fact tho revorso of all this ia tho case. Gold is not plontiful there, tho sinking is deep and hoavy— ranging in tho most likely spots from thirty-five to fifty foot— and whilst soma balf-dozon claims may bo yielding some weeks fifteen shilliuga por man per day tho bulk of the claims aro scarcely yielding 41 tuakcr." It is not, as has been claewnero stntod, a poor man's field. Such places as Ghost Gully and Pinchgat Gully, where tho sinking has boon comparatively shallow — from 10ft to 20ft— are worked out, boing fairly riddled with shafts and drives, and the only ground worth trying now is the fiat, where not only is tho sinking from 40ft to GOft, but there is also a deal of water to conteud with, and wen are about onu- third of their timebailiug out the aoAlcage from the crook, below whoso level they Furthermore, an additional expense must bo incurred on account of tho water. Tho constant bailing also mcesai- tatea tho close timbering of tho shaft in order to prsvont its caving iu, as tho ground in the district is ex ceedingly treacherous when water is brought in contaot with it. A field whore tho sinking is so deep, whore largo quan tities of water have to he fought agauw, whoro the shaft and drives must be carefully slabb'ri. can acarcoly be called a poor tuan's field. To the difficulties already mentioned must be addsd that of foul air. The subter ranean air of tho district is very bad, and various devices, all inourriog expense, aro adopted to make tho air in the claim life sustaining. A couple of mon withL25 tach might, if they wore lucky, make decent wageson tbisfiold after a few weeke' work, but to go there with only L2 or L3 ha the pocket meaos in most caaes the loss of that eum, and a good dsal of hard work for nothing. A groat deal was recently sought to be made out of the fsot that L80 worth of geld has bean bought on tho field iu one weok. II o fsrgot, bowovor, to say that thoro wore 200 men on the fiold, and tho L80 worth of gold only meant an average of 8s par man per wuek. From whet I saw of tho ptaco iu a fort night I sin inclined to think that 8s |ior week per man is about the average, end it follows thereforo thst many mon must be making much less thau 8s. It is really distressing to toe the numbers of mon who are cumin to the field every day, not 6 per oent. of whom stay more than two or threoweeks, and then leave much poorer than whon they arrived. 