BURNING FATALITY. An enquiry into the circumstances sur- rounding the death of William Tate, who was admitted to the Adelaide Hospital on Friday evening suffering from severe injuries by burn- ing, and who died in that institution on the following day, was commenced by the city coroner (Dr. Whittell) on Saturday and con- cluded at the Coroner's Court on Monday. Janet Hastie identified the body as that of her father. He was a married man, and had been employed as laborer in a quarry at Springbank. Dr. Hone, house surgeon at the Adelaide Hospital, deposed to having admitted deceased to that institution on Friday suffering from severe burns over the right side of the body principally and also over the arms and trunk. The injuries were superficial but rather exten- sive. Death was due to shock to the system consequent upon the injuries described. Thomas Phillips, a stonebreaker, residing at Springbank, stated that he last saw deceased alive in his tent about 1 o'clock on Friday morning. He was then in bed, and had re- ceived injuries by being burnt. On the previous evening at 9 o'clock saw deceased sitting by the fire in his tent partaking of supper. He warned deceased to get farther away from the fire as he might get burnt. Deceased replied, 'I'll look out for that, Tom." Whilst not being quite sober witness thought deceased was at the time quite capable of looking after him- self. Michael Howard, laborer, residing at Spring- bank, testified to seeing deceased passing his tent on the way to his own tent shortly after dusk on Thursday evening. Thought he was under the influence of liquor. Deceased might have worked for an hour on Thursday morning, but witness had reason to believe that he was drinking for the remainder of the day. Heard someone talking to him in his tent between 9 p.m. and 11 p.m. the same day. After the voices stopped went to sleep, but was awakened by someone calling out 'Mick, come and save the old man, he is burning.' Ran to the tent and saw deceased standing up with his clothes burning from his waist up. Pulled off his clothes, put him to bed, and went for assistance. Deceased said he had fallen into the fire. William J. Fitzgerald, laborer, and manager of Babbage's wine cellars, deposed to selling wine sometimes. Deceased and Phillips were at the cellars on Thursday evening, and the former bought a bottle of wine and took it away. Phillips also purchased some wine. Lance-Corporal Bertram stated that when he questioned deceased as to how he received his injuries he replied — 'I was sitting in front of the fire, as I have done many times before, and I went to sleep and fell into it.' The jury returned a verdict of accidental death. No matter how strongly a man pretends that he doesn't believe in ghosts, it may be doubted if he ever goes through a churchyard at mid- night without feeling as if something was going to grab him from behind. 