MR. 8Os81 NGT Zits -' ,,LLA His I?poee of SpirituaJiem. He Produces Three Spirite. .AU Done by Triokery. AMr. Ernest Hosking, the celebrated conjurer, appeared before a crowded house in the local Shire hall, on Wed day evening last, being assisted by a lady well.versed in the same line-Miss Ada Fitz Roy, The entertainment was of a highly interesting character. In the opening thereof the last named preo former procured six slates and circulated them among the audience. Each per son who received one wrote, under in structions, five words thereon,. making thirty words altogether. As a test of her memory power Miss Fitz Roy, to whom the words were made known as they were indited upon the slates, spok'e every word off without a blunder and then repeated them backwards along with the numbers placed opposite them. As 4urti c-trs thtithe ibih in thlfe respect several numbers were uttered to her at random and she told the words by which they were attended on the slates. Three gentlemec, specially selected, tied her hands behind her back with ropes in a cabinet-so tight, indeed, that no one except those who have seen the trick .done be fore would believe hedr capable of,get ting out of her fetters. In less thati a minute, however, she extricated herself and not only showed that she was free, but--much to the amusement of every-, body present-partly undreised a young fellow, a member of. her audience, who was put into the cabinet along with her., In fact she put his .coat upon herself and then assumed her original position -hands tied behind her back. In this connection she astounded mostly every body present. How the trick was done was of course a emystery-the' ropes were around the performer's wrists exactly as they. were when she was first tied, All this was followed by some drolleries and a most laughable ventriloquial interlude. After a short interval the piece de resistance of the entertainment was enacted. It took this form-Mr Hosking, the principal pre former, entered the same cabinet as that in which Miss Fitz Roy had so humorously made dupes of her audience. Anterior thereto a committee of inves tigation tied a rope tightly around his neck, the knot thus created being carefully sealed. After that he stepped into a long black bag-that was fastened at his neck as well. The lights in the hall were then turned down and simultaneous therewith Mr Hosking -pulled: the .screens of his cabinet together. The ropes that were fastened around' his : neck' were. pulled through the back of the cabinet and the' Rev MrParsons held them. in his . hands-to assisti;in -detecting 'any: thing that might come to light as -t6 his modus operandi. All. these pre liminaries 'had only one purpose and that was to, bring out- ghosts of three deceased people from what is known as Spilit-land. ' And surely enough the business ,was well effected; A few minutes after the lowering of the hall's lights out came a white vaporous figure, who passed itself off as "Geordie," after that another appeared-in 'this case it was somewhat low in stature ahd possessed- a black face; and- then a third one, called Josephine came, out. In every instance: these so-called spirits ware no less thans,Mr Hosking himself, who,'by some unknown means, got out of the ropes - in which he had been tied in the cabinet and -assumed the forms alluded to. A few" minutes after Josephine's retirement from the stage the- lightsof-the hall were-raised, the cabinet from which all the "spirit" phenomena emanated was opened, and there--to the surprise of the entire audience--sat the -performer- exactly as the committee of investigation had placed him,- not even the -seal of the knot upon the rope which encompassed -his neck being disturbed in the least. It is needless to say--as did the performer himself, indeed-that everything was done by trickery. - One -Mrs ' Mellon did the same class of business -some time back in Sydney;.:but in-this 'case the preformer affirmed that all her phenomena were produced by real spirit agency. In the end Mr Hosking exposed her and thus, after years and years of psychical research, it actually comes to pass that. what some people have maintained- as a sacred belief, is based on trickery and human cunning. 