PITH OF PARLIAMENT. THE TARIFF QUESTION. MR BEST'S SPEECH. By the Silent Meucf.il Tuosday Ntehl. On one occasion, when Maoready played Ujunlel, be had taking the part of the King ei Denmark a yonng actor whom he had T ibj'ootsd to much bullying at rehearsal. It ?.as arraocrod that in the fifth act; whore all the'expiring takei place, Mncrcady— a the tsr actor— akonld die in tho centre of the stage, with aU tho other corpses pictnresquoly arranged around him. Bat upon tho performance coming op, the young ictor, when hie turn camo to giro np the ghost, coolly dropped downin tbocentre of the ttage, on tho very spot marked out by Macready for hie own death. M Die higher op, yon fool," wbisperedthe great tragedian, "Die higher up, will yon !" TbeD, to the amazement of the epectaturs, tho royal corpse troie on tbo boards and exclaimed, " Now look hero, Mr Macrisdy, yau hid ynnr way it rehearsal, bm I'm king to-night, and, Jama it, J'U die where 1 like." In Cabinet rehearsals, Mr Macready Tur- aer has his own way, and plays Hamlet precisely as he pleases ; but to-night Mr Best was king, and he took up the whole centre of the Parliamentary stage for his— woli, not political death scene, let us hope, but for his great performance of " giving up" the prohibitive tariff ghoat. With the lime-light full upon bim, tbo Minister had a splendid opportunity, and no fair critic will say that ho did not acquit himsoll well. Tbo volumiuoui notes from which he ipoko testified to tho pains he had taken with hie epeeoh. A pite of fooleoap lay on tho table in front of him; eaoh sheet, it could be loen, scored over with notos and figures. Mr Best is not an easy speaker to listen to, and his manner was not ao good as the matter of his speech merited ; but he succeeded in holding the attention of ttio Houso for two honra and a half, whioh, u his address was erammtdwRh figures and details, was by no means a small accomplishment. His style is reminiscent of tbo days when ho played foot- bali, and barracked with the loudest. Hi pbysioal vicor is oot of propor tion to tho forco of tbe languago he is using, and bo has a tendency to shout xt (not "for") the Hunso at tbe top of a voice that would be very usafal to a man lostin the bush, or a commanding officer at a ebam fight. Still, this is a matter that could easily bo understood undor the oircum- stances. Mr Boat perfectly woll understood that ho was, in delivering this important statement, " speaking to tho country," and ho vory naturally wanted the whole conntiy te hear him. , It wonld be diflloatt to say what was tbe impression left upon the Houso generally, by the proposals mado. DifEeaU, that is, for an impartial gatherer of impressions. The persons and newspapers that always form their imnreBsions of a matter before hand experienced no sued difficulty, of coarse. But, to tell the truth, not half a dozen men in the Houso got a thorough grip f tho question, nor could do so from hear- log tho Minister's speech, admirably cloar as It was. Tho thing was too elaborate aud too full of detail. It needed careful study first. In fact, the mind of the IIouio generally was almost Impossible to fairly gauge. Probably the eaid IIouso hadn't got a clear mind on the subject at aU. Oa ono point only parties were agreed, and that wa that Mr Bost had welt earned his spurs as a Minister. It wa his first groat chance, and ho had acquitted himseli well. At the beginning he laid it down that no "soiontiflc revision of the tariff was to be looked for from tbe Government, and that no uniform twenty-five pcr cent. , maximum would bo entortainod. " Wo ' limply have to mould the tariff on the existing conditions of tho colony," said ho. 11 Wo cannot afford to ignore established iu- dnatriee and righte." Nor would he consent, in behalf of the Ministry, that members should be quito freo to play with the tariff as they oboso. "The .Government refuses to abdicate ite position," was hit statement on this point. The remark, bow- over, needs to bo taken together with a reply given anbs«qnent)y by tbo Pre mier to hit Lougmore that, in (feat, tho Ministry will give opportanitiesto members to move increases or redaction at will. It is pretty plain that there is to be no stubbornness of resistance to the will of the Homo on tho details, though tho Govern ment will exorcise a oloso sopervlsion. Another point opon which Mr Best was quito dramatically empbatio was as to tho Government's fldolity to Protection. " This is a Government whose potioy io Protootiou," be said; "not Protection rnn mad, but moderate Protoollon. Protootiou has como through the ordeal of inquiry with flying colors." Then for twenty minutes ho deli vered a PrOteotlonlstleoturotte. arguing that tho policy does not lower wages, doos not Increase prices, and 10 00— iu a void that might have made Mr Treowith put forward a charge of ptagiarism against bim.. Coming to tho recommendations of tho Tariff Board, Mr Beit intimated that tho Government dooliood to acoept the proposal for the establishment of a Board of Trade, but It agreod to adopt tbo sncrgeitlon for prohibiting altogether the prison-made good f Europe. Theso conoluiion ware explained at some length, and then the Minister came to what was, really, the true pith and marrow of the whole speech, the proposed alteration. In many respect, the duties now proposed are inoreasas above the preseut duties, even when tlTe Tariff Commission ha proposed deductions. Xho Commission, for instance, recommended that tobacao manufactured In auy factory in tbe colony, on being eutorod for homo consumption should be free. Mr Boat increasos tho duty from fid to Od por pound. Ho also increases the duty on cigarettes, mxchino mado, from Od to 2s per pound, and on baud mado cigarettes from Od to Od, tbouah tho Commission advised the contlnusnoo of tho pre sent duty. Ms Beit ocrtainly made out a strong case for those increases, bis foots on th cigarette Industry being particularly Interesting. Candles he ptoposed to reduoe from 2d per pound to la; the Commission proposed a penny. In a large number of oases, however, be adhered closely to tbe Tariff Commission's recommendations. Tho details were much too voluminous to be given, even carefully analysed, in this oolomn. They will have to be thrashed out at length, both In Parliament and in innumerable meet sngi. _ Aftor the apeeoh, the House was In no mood to go on with basinets, and adjonrned kill to-morrow, the tariff itself being ad- journed till next week. Business done : Tariff amendments Intro- dattod. ' _ 