BRAIDWOOD. IT is rumoured that Mr. Hitchins is still hopeful of bis chances for the Braidwood electorate, and intends coming forward again. A few days ago towards dusk Mr. J. Allen was driving home to Braidwond along the Bombl y road, when his attention was ar' rsed by observing a fire moving towards him along the centre of the road. Not being a believer in ghost., be was completely at a loss to ac count for such an extraordinary occurrence. On approaching nearer he was astonished to see a large vheet of revolving flame. He was soon close enough to perceive what it was that puzzled him so much. Judge of his astonishment when he saw a lad driving a cart and lying full length in front of a blazing fire which he had built upon stones in the middle of his dray. Long pieces of wood were laid on the stones, and as these burnt down the coals fell through the holes in the bottom of the cart on to the road. The sheet of revolving flame he had seen Mr. Allen discovered was caused by a newspaper which had caught fire being drawn round the wheel of the cart. The lad was contentedly snmok ing his pipe as though h; were comfortably ensconced in an arm chair in front of a fire in his home. When asked if he was not afraid of the cart catching fire, he rcplied with the utmost composure that he "didn't care a d --if both the cart ardhorses caught fire so long as he could keep himself warni." And he really looked as if suclh a contingency dijn't trouble hint in the slightest,. A buggy accident hapnponid in nraidwood on Friday aftergnon. Mrs. W E. Rs,,ydi was driving in Wiluon-street, accompanied by Miss Maggie Wallace, when the horse bolted, and just opponite Mr. W. L. Fell's residence, a. the corner of Monkittee and Ryrie streets, Ite buggy came into collision with the alignment post and was upset, throwing out the occu pants. Miss Wallace received the greatest injuries, having one arm dislocated and being very much bhuised on the side of the lace and head where she was pitched to the ground. These wounds were not of a s(rn us nature, however. Mrs Royds uas in no way i jurud physically beyond the severe shaking she re ctivcd in being pitched out of the btuggy and the strain upont the;nervous system, 