HERE AND THERE. When one's own affairs are not very flourishing it is a sensible course, and often a great relief, to note what is going on outside. There is no greater folly than that of gauging the progress of the world by our own circumstances. * The real troubles of life are seldom or never the things that kill us, or even worry us. It is the troubles which we conjure up, and which to our distorted imagination become veritable monsters, that cause' us present anxiety and fill us with anxiety for the future. The bravest soldier, whose courage never fails him in the fiercest fight, is apt to quail when he sees or fancies he sees a ghost. * * * And what is true of individuals is true of organizations. It is a good thing for them sometimes to turn their thoughts away from themselves. In fact, w^ien a man is always thinking and talking about himself it is a sure sign that he is in a bad way. The strong man does not , think about his strength. He simply . uses it. It is only the weak man who is always trying and testing his muscles, and endeavoring to persuade himself that he is a giant. * 5|C # Have not many members of the A.W.U. fallen into this mistake of late ? We have had a great deal of talk about, the A.W.U. Some have been exaggerat ing its faults and blaming everybody , except themselves ; and some have been trying to show that it is possessed of every virtue under the sun. I Neither style of talk does much good. It is as stupid as it would be for the . bowler to look at the ball in his hand instead of looking at the wicket for which fye is aiming. Men have different styles ,.pf bowling, and their method varies according to the state of the wicket, the batsman who confronts them, the position of the gamp, and the field upon whom they can depend, We need to apply the same idea to the A.W.U. What is its real object? To secure justice for the worker and to deliver him from the slavery in which he is held under present conditions. Now, it is obvious that in making for this goal we must take into account the state of the game, the persons with whom we are contending, and the field upon ' whom we can depend. * * , If every member of the Union thoroughly understood the real nature of ? the struggle we might go straight for the object, and should secure it with very little difficulty. But where in a battle half your fighting men are disabled or are nervous and filled with terror it is im possible to take the shortest cut. They cannot climb the necessary hills or make the necessary sacrifices to secure victory. So often a roundabout course has to taken, and the tactics have to be varied ? from time to time. But this is precisely what the average man — and the average worker and the average reformer are only average men — cannot understand. For the average man soon grows old and becomes conservative. He very soon loses, if he ever had, the elasticity and the reckless daring of youth. 'As it was in the beginning, is now, and e'\er shall be' is his motto. ' And the be ginning with him means the idea he first got hold of, or which first got hold of him. * * * So because his one way of settling the social problem was a strike, and his one way of carrying on a strike was by violence and abuse, he cannot conceive of any other methods. And when any other method is proposed, he accuses those who propose it of being blacklegs and traitors ; though they have made, and are constantly making, ten times more sacrifice for the cause than ever he did. * * * The fact is many Unionists never get beyond the idea that the highest aim of the worker is to be a well-paid slave. They like slavery because it carries with it no responsibility. I have no doubt that when the American slaves were set free by President Lincoln many of them regretted the change,' especially those of them who had fairly good masters. This is the real obstacle to substantial pro gress. So many men are content to be slaves. It gives them a grievance to talk about, and at the same time they have less responsibility than they would have if they were free. 