CRICKET. Tv- k'e has tho English team player! o:i th" Adtl-ide Ov*'. and twice it has received ;» crushing defeat. Hie only matches lust ii. An^ralia have been lost at Adelaide. First iffi-.ired by the local team, then by tin- Australian Eleven, the Englishmen nisy we'.I dread another match on tiie fat .est oval i '.he world. Never has such interest beeu manifested in cricket as is the case thiseason. Everybody who is anybody in Port Adelaide spared one af icsnoon to witness the contest. The cricket-talk has, in the words of a local resi ent, troubled w ith indigestion, we presume, " been just sick'uiug." Th* air is full of "cricket" and "Giffen." "In all departments of the game," begius a passenger in the train, and all ears are pricked up expectantly as the champion's praises are sounded forth. Some ingenious persons who are always anxious to discover a reason foi everything that will corroborate the tendency of their own minds which have scarcely &pace; for more than three letters, namely, £ 8. d., have contrived to spread the idea that the game was played for gate-money. There is not a ghost of a reason to suppose that both sides did not play with the firm intention of winning. The Australians were the better team, and they won. The bowling of Giffen Callaway and Trott with theexcellent fielding of the Australians practically won the game, although King Sol had a great influence. Ir is not to be supposed that the extremheat of last week with the sudden chang< on Saturday evening was without its tffrc'* on the Englishmen. The form they show* d on Monday in the field was a complete contrast to that exhibited in the start of the match on Friday. The energy seemed to have been burnt out of them. The wicke.t was not so excellent as could be desired, but ir seemed to work much better after the first iuningtt uf the Australians. The sompara- (ively small score of the Australians in be first innings was probabiy due to the defec- tive wicket, which, howevei. becam<\- firmer as the game proceeded. Richardson s li< w liug in the first iuni^s* was excelk-nt. Ha has an admirable delivery, lie keeps a good length, and every ball being well on the wicket, his terrific pace tells. Like all f-s bowlers, however, he requires relieving occasionally. Biuce's innings fc> • >cel>en and brilliant play w as the best ol <liu atch, although higher scores w«--ri- om)-i:en. Should every cirouip--f.tti--- ;;!• 'tr, the v Australians are lik«=:y • ,her iwo matches. A NEW ORGANIST AT ST. PAUL'S. — The musical 'al>-nt of this- town h :8 r< cei»ed ^n ddition in Mr. Barnes, from South Africa, who to officiate as organist at S\ Piuis Cliu h, Pen t Adelaide. Mr. Barnes h;:s ]i:ui a life-long experience iu the musicYI jir.i!< s sion, beginning as a chorister in YYenniiiiS'i r Abl.ey, Enal .lid, when only eight ye> s > l<t. i i ".-ropeses casiiug iu his lot with the Perl ir i pie, aud has tak n a house iu Lipsun Mtre<-t. Mr. Burue3' adwrtLiment .^peare elsewhere. 