^i-k;i' ;uiiku: THE SPUTTERING CANDLE. Candles to which j^oots s'sntimbntally refer as the Might of other days/ are ooming in. ngnin, although, if the truth were told,, they have never been entirely 4 out/ Tho old families who possess tall silver condlestioks, . and a fnuffcr-tray, havo kept them in re merobrftneo. and Borne of tho time in active' service, while the poor and squalid have set up candles in tl)0 household in old bottles, or , any othor form of holder that would answer tho purpose. But the stronghold of tho ! candle has been the ohurob, whioh has kept : it conseorated to religions uses. Thare aro Rtill those living amon^ us— thoso whose! childhood knew no other. light, unless it woro i that of a fagot or an old oil lamp, whale oil bring .tjhp fliyd for . fuming, before , .the dis* , covery of petroleum. ' In those ' days there were wax candles, a luxury for the rioh ; tallow candles, whioh were of two kinds, ' boughton' and ' homemade,' the best being of melted tallow and beef suot run in a mold, the poorest oomposed of tallow and lard, medo into shape brtboprooess of dipping. ' Dips' are still mado in rustlo neighborhoods, tho process being primitivo enough to reatiire ' no skill. A tub of tbe melted greaso, a long rod run through a dozen wloks, which are dipped in the grease, then hung aoross the tub to cool, l^o dipping and cooling prooess is repeaitod until tbe candle is large enough . to burn, and if the one who doos the dipping 1 is an expert, it will be nearly as smooth ana even as the 4 store' artiole. No picturesque fancies oan be woven about the eolentifio light of the presont day. Neither gas noroleotrioity have Buporsfitionn to endear tbojx to the hearts of people. They are purely commorioiul arid enter not at all into the lives of the family in a sentimental way. 4 There is a latter in the gas' would have no meaning ; if gas wore capable of such an intuition it would be a bill that would be in dicated. Butfjlks wbo are old now will ro« member tho fluttering spark 'that Vfould always cause the remark— now illuatrawd in' a iavorits- song^— VThcre's a letter in the candle/ . They will remember, too, when sitting up with eome dear friend who was ill, how the guttering grease would form a.shroud on tbe edge of the candle, and the test of suoh occasions, to suddenly blow out the light and then instantly blow it in again ; of candles that Sputtered and burned blue as a. ghost passed through the room. These are old superstitions, rooted in tho folklore of the count ry. In the old ballad of * Lorenzo the Brave* it is recorded : lThe dors ^as they eyed him drew baok in affright . And the lights in the ohamber burned blue/ It would have boen a cruel awakening to those who believed in these old superstitions to have explained to them tho reason why the fiamo of the oandlc burned blue— that the change was duo to the system of chromatics, every ray of light consisting of tho soven primary colors of the chcmical combination of the byarbgen ^ithoxygen. 'Swift wrote ; 'The Squire he dropped his pen full soon, Whereat the lights burned bluely.' The blue-light seen to rise from tho decay- ; ing matter of marshes and ferns is called by : tho superstitious 4 corpse candles.' 1 fetch \ lights/ or 4 doad man's candles.' If the light is a jsmall one, it is suppoeoi to predict the death of a child ; while a large one means an adult. It is related of Saint Gudula, wbo existed in the seventh century, that she possessed the , miraoulous power, if her candln were blown out, of praying the -flame baok again, for which reason she is represented inherpioture with a lantern. It wa« the old Roman custom to burn oandles to tbe Qoddess Februa, the mother of Mars, to frighten away the ovil spirits. The antiquity of tiie iesodlo takes us back to the time of Alfred tbe Great, the first king of England' who burned candles to moasure time. These time oandles were tapers made of wax, each taper twelve inohes long, and capable trf bumifig four hours. 6ix of these last twenty-four hours. j, Tho present style of candle waB used first !' in the fourteenth oentury. In 1484 a com- 1 pany waa formed in London for thp manu facture of wax candles. The models wore tho invention of a Frenchman. In 1856, after tho discovery of gas, an im provement of .King Alfred's method was patented in England, in whioh candles were made with indentations, or ondors, to indioate the time. The marks stood for quarter hours half hours and hours. There are two large candle manufacturing . establishments in London, one of . whioh j t-covers twelve acres of ground. Oandles are ; still in constant daily use in London and on \- the continent. In .country homes the visitor will find his bedroom candlestick .^waiting' his nse on a table in tbe hall— a flat candle* stiok with an extinguisher, it not being either ouetomary or convenient to carry a flaming candle in a jailor 1 stick/ The tray of the. bedroom candlestick holds matches, Wd «beives bny drops of hot 'tsSlotfiorfwax which may drop— .a certainty when oandles are carried in draughts. . At flfot' there were but two kinds, wax or (allbw; but many improvements were made 'by theintrodnction of spermaceti, whioh was first used in 1842 and is an American Inven tion ; sperm,' parafflne and composite oandles, ' which have been very popular. The parafflne candles were hailed with delight, lor they ?'required no ' snuffing. -But it was found 1 too soft for a warm ballroom, and at a cognation ball given by M«wimtiiuw in Mex ' ioo the' 4restesof the noble ladies present L wrre mined by the melting -and dripping of 'the bandies, 00 that the ball broke TXpin| ^rasequence. . The great .beauty and high .- power ol'WftX .candles made (tibem superior to ; all others. They were of a . hassling white, j ihe wax hetag bleabhed to the greatest point It ia capable^, and«esin put in to give it a brittla substanoe, detected by its. peculiar] odor while bunnug. 'The colprea '.wax; ?oandles are made by the addition cf .Prussian, blue, chromate ofpotassia for yellow, yer miUJbn for red, and carmine for crimson. There are German wax, pearl wax and :V«&etiaix.; ; ?l There is a candle procession in Home and 'iOther'XMholio cities of Europe on ithe 2d day of February, otherwise knows !as.;Clan-; dlemas day, when all the oandles that will be used tie ensuing -year are consecrated; It was formerly a pagan onstom, whenoan*: diaAMfi^jbartefl-f^as they are /to this .'day ' 'i^f.T^e friff^ten away the evi| 'ji^iOandJonas day j : -Candles and candlestiokB throwall&way-;' 1 ' Th^oaiidle is a' iavotite'^llustnctibaS with ;ths poets, for life itself. ^-Out, brief oaudle,^ Shaxespeaie 1 happily - Bays;' and 'again: '^lghre' (jshfllel are burned out/ . 4Tha 'game'lsnot worthtiie^caiidle'is an' oldjiay tea another one is * Burning life's candle atbothtinds/ ---a - ii j / 'Bhall lhAv^to^ret married when I grow( .Hat :«ik»d'llttle Bossle' Okie dsy^olher ,,%olher.,n(r'JuBtEsyou please, dc^'atfitfreced 1 her inotherVith a'smile v^teost worawi'doj however .'.♦Yes, I ijttppPrt -to/MCon tinned the little'girl, mttflln«f, ?♦and^ intess I ' better 1' art fight in Miahutttaftt1 a husband / now. They-ayTh^t Aiint J ane~has beetk bt \- it fit tw*toty yean and huhH caught onj -V' **1 