SHROUDED IN MYSTERY, OR WHICH GIRL DID HE MARRY J BY SKIPP BOBLASE, Author of " For True Ijove's Sake," " Three Lovely Women," " Darker than Death,"' *As Ocean Sooret," " Recalled to Life," "Richen to Ruin," "Who killed John Cameron?' "The Police Minister,"&c.; CHAPTER LXVI. "TON ABE THE WALKEES GOING THEIB HOUNDS." GREENWOOD'S NEW RESOLVE. It was very evident that a crowd of men were coming up Ghost Lane from the direction of Castleton Hall, and that a great many of them were very morry, if sot Absolutely drenk. So, wondering what it could mean, Halcamus concealed himself in the very thickest part of tbe hedge, and lay close, watching the as yet dim and indistinct forms, but which were ere long revealed by the light of several smoky horn lanterns as well SB by the noonlight that by thiB time shone very clearly upon that Bide of the old house which faced the lane, though ia left that narrow thoroughfare (exoept where a gate or a stile parted its high hawthorn and hazel hedges} involved in a considerable degree of gloom. Nevertheless, as the procession drew nearer, HalcamuB Greenwood could make out the class of individuals who composed it, namely, oiiurchwardens in ioag black gowns and square caps, carrying long white staves in their hands, watchmen in cocked hats and goldbraided cloaks, with lantern in one hand and halberd in the other, and their great rattles hanging dewn in front of them; overseers, constables, and a dozen or so of grammar schoolboys in knee breeches, green jackets, yellow waistcoats, and muffin caps, whilst a small sprinkling of tag rag and bobtail brought up the rear; he who headed the procession being a portly, jolly-looking man, wearing shorts, top boots, and a soarlet hunting coat, whose hue was fairly rivalled by that of its wearer's nose, and who ostentatiously oarried in one hand a great pewter flagon, and in the other a yard-long churchwarden pipe. *' Yon's only the walkers going their rounds, and tbe man leading 'em on is trying all he can to throw 'em out. I heard he'd made a bet that the ohaps wouldn't be able to beat the boundaries of Rochdale and Castleton without a mistake by night, and I suppose he is putting the matter to the test. He has treated 'era at every alehouse as they came along to try to puzzle 'em, that is very plain,"soliloquised Haloamus Greenwood to himself as he still lay hidden. He had hardly made up his mind upon this poiut, however, when tbe head of the procession came to a sudden standstill, and the leader stammered out in a mellow and vinous voice— " Shovels to the front! Here's a landmark gone wrong. Here's a boundary stone uprooted ; and, thereupon four man, armed with that useful implement, and who always formed a portion of the procession, at once pushed their way towards its head, and set to work with a will to refix the fall&n; stone. It was only natural that whilst they were thus engaged the haunted house should absorb the attention of all those who had nothing to do, and Halcamus Greenwood presently heard a voice exclaim— "There's one of the ghosts now, looking out of thAt window—the third window above the waterbutt. Aye, and there's another, for I oan see two now I do verily believe. Yes—no —I ain't sure I can only see one again." •'I saw two." "And I." "And I," oame at once from others of the group. "It is an accursed place. It shonld be pulled down. It belongs to Mr. Tomkins, of Sparth House. As a Christian gentleman he ought to see to it, and not suffer it to cumbor the ground any longer," then said the rednosed leader, in pompous and dictatorial tone of voice. " That ain't his way, that ain't. He'd fly in the face o' Providenoe by selling it, or letting it, give him but the chanoe. Why, Jim Nuttallup at Pinfold yonder has the keys and the showing on it. The showing on it— he, he, he, that's rich, that ie, for I don't suppose he'd put foot inside its four walls if anybody would pay him down his weight in gold," observed one of the watchmen. " It would b9 a mercy from heaven if it took fire, like Clegg Hall, for fire's a great purifier from ghosts, boggarts, and goblins of every kind. But I'll toll you what I'll do, I'll consult Parson Belles before another hour has passed over my head about tbe laying of those ghosts. He got the upper hand of the devil in St, Chad's Churchyard the other night, and the laying of ghosts ought to come mighty easy to him after that. I've no doubt it can be done from a perfectly safe distance, and he's up to a thousand pious frauds and tricks is Parson Dick. Perhaps he'd advise the Town Cross being pl»ntsd here; who knows. I'm sure we could spare it for so good a purpose, for it's mightily in the way where it is. Now then, on we go again if that stone's seoure. The ghosts have given me a cold shiver, and I don's want it to turn into a ohill,"and in this way ooncluding his harangue, the burly leader continued his course up the lane, with his strange following orowding close upon his heels, no man or boy caring to be last as long as the haunted house was in view. Hsloamus Greenwood still crouched within the shelter of the hedge, and, swayed by very different feelings—for he also had obtained a brief glimpse of the faces at the window, and the female one had given him suoh a shock as to cause him almost to forget that he was not alone, and te nearly draw him out of his hiding-plaee in the hope of obtaining a nearer and a clearer view—for it was Ruth's faoe— Lady Howarth's lace—and he oould not imagine how she oould have got to that window except by an especial miracle, looked up as he had left her, only half an hour previously, in the subterranean chapel of the Templars. But Greenwood was far too shrewd a fellow to believe in modern miracles or in the supernatural either, at all events for more than a very few minutes, so that by the time the boundary walkers were oompletely out of sight Halcamus had solved the mystery in at all events a perfectly satisfactory manner to himself; though, as it was destined ere long to prove, in anything but a satisfactory manner to other people. The consequence of his fancied disoovery was that he muttered quite gleefnlly— "By George, it is her sister—it is Rose Radcliiie, and now I know why it was that her voice gave me such a strange and unaccountable thrill when I heard it on the other side of the olo3ed door just now. It was because it was exactly like Ruth's voice, of course. Now what thedeuoe oan it all mean, I wonder? Has she never been to Scotland after all 1 But tho how and the wherefore matter not a dash, for there she at all events ie, and I'm very much mistaken if one of her companions isn't that long-legged young brewer who used to be so swebt on her. If so he is under the ban of the law, and ten to one so is she, as an aider and abettor either before or after tbe act. I wonder if I could screw on additional couple of hundred pounds out of her parentB and his (I know that they are too poor now to etaud more) as the price of sot betraying them to the authorities, ore I do BO betray them all the same 1 Egad, I must turn the matt3r over in my mind. Meanwhile the sole objection to their being where they are is that their eooupancy of the old house cuts me off from Ruth until such time as they are cleared out of it; co that it looks aB though I must betray them to the authorities before I can ooop Sir Harry's thousand pounds by restoring to him hiB wife. Oh, dear, me, I do hope that I shan't fall between two stools, for there's no knowing how the authorities may act by the house after they've discovered eush a nest of traitors in it. Their superstitions may give place to an exploration mania, and then Ruth may be found out without my aid, in whioh case there would be no thousand pounds ooming to me for her at any rate. I wonder if there is another way to the Templar's Chapel and if I could find it out ! There are vague traditions of secret subterranean communications between tbe Castle and the old Precaptoxy — the now haunted house—as a means of reviotualling the garrison when cloBely beleagured by a foe and for its esoape at the last gasp, and if suoh a passage exists it must be the continuation of the one which we trod this night—ha, the hole which leads down just on the inside of the old Keep Tower to what folks call the Castle dungeon, by which not one in a thousand dares venture down beoause the steps are almost worn away, and it is believed that vipers have their nests there. I'll be bound that the entrance lies there and in the shape of some trapdoor hidden perhaps for ages beneath heaps of rubbish. If it be so, to find it ehould be an easy task, and if found it would enable me to obtain Sir Harry Howarth's thousand pounds before I went in for tbe other fifteen hundred and—the odd pickings. I'll try it on, aye by Heaven I'll try it on. A spade for the stones and a jemmy to lift the trap door with if I discover one are all the implements that are required. I can get a loan of a jemmy at the Goat and Boots in Drake-street for a consideration—aye, for a onsideration.'' HalcamuB Greenwood merely thought the ain portion of the foregoing, but he muttered he concluding words half aloud, and as though the paying of the consideration would e the most unpalatable part of the entire proceeding. However, in a minute or two more, he eemed to make up his mind that it was at all vents a necessary one (for a crowbar, the nly substitute for a jemmy, though muoh ore easily procured, would be far too conspicuous and euspioious looking an implement to be seen carrying about after dark), nd £o he crept out of the had^e and hurried p the lane, nor paused until he had passed he Pinfold, and a few ssoonds reached Draketreet, halfway down which he turned up a e arrow alley that presently brought him to he door of a disreputable- looking tavern alled The Goat and Boots, which he entered, nd immediately sought ont the landlord, with hom he was privately closeted for some little ime, and from whom, for the aforesaid con sideration and at the oost of a pack of lieB af well, he obtained what he required. But Haloamus might not have felt sa pleased over hif bargaining had he only known that some one else who had oaughl sight of tbe fair faoe at the old "Nunnery* window, instead of like the rest aocepting as that of a ghost, had not only mads cocksure that it was Lady Howarth's, but alsa that he would win the large reward offered for her recovery. 