OXFORD THEATRE. Since tho alterations recently made tit (tils popular place nf amusement the nightly attendance has been very good, nnd It Is evident tho -cnierlnlmuciil presented gives full satisfaction. Under the direction of clever coiimmII- n ns, such as Messrs Will Whit burn ami Akiirinnn, lite excel lent .standard of . performance hitherto maintained by Hie EiuplhH Company may be relied hihhi to Im prove rather than ' deteriorate. Mr Whitburn, moreover, ts so general a favorite that If public sympathy in his new departure goes for anything, ho is curtain to recotve all the benefit ir can afford. This evening. In aceord- nuec with the usual custom, there will to a complete change of programme, all Ihe Hems tolng new, except one or two which nre too great favorites with the public to withdraw. The skit, on the recent ghost scare having made u decided hit, Mr WliUhurii Is well ad vised In retaining It in (he bill, aud tlie nocturnal visitor will accordingly continue to make Ills presence known at about nine for a few nights longer. 'The popular comedian, however, will in addition submit some new numbers, and will he seen In the concluding farce ' as " Hoezlcan Bill, " one of the best, of his Inimitably droll characteristics. That great ly admired tenor, Mr. Wallace King. Is set down for the pretty ballad— There Is a Flower that Bloonicth, to which fine voice will do full justice. Miss Dora llusch will re peal her successful ballad Sweetest. Songs of All. while Mlss'Lyntoti will slug Welcome Pretty Primrose. The singing parly attached to this cnmrniuy being especially good, concerted music, which Is always popular, will form a conspicuous feature of thu first part. In the matter of song and dance and other Items of -variety aud novelty, the .programme promises to ho mora than usually Interesting, tho contributions hi these directions being by such ur- lists as Miss Ada 'Lomprlcre, Mr Fred Garnet, Messrs Franks nnd Williams, Miss Pearl Akarnian.the wonderful ne- robattc family, the Leonards, and the graceful nnuuKlinlst, Miss Eunice Fernandez. Carroll's Federal Minstrels will make their np|>eamiiec at the lliisscll street Temperance Hall this evening lu tin entire change of programme. This will to supplemented by a capital variety entertainment, for which n number of popular performers "have been secured. Messrs AHro nnd Itawlins will appear in a double musical act, introducing a number of novel instruments. Fred. Garnet (ihe popular dummy clown and contortionist), YVIll Wntklns, Dave Gardner, and others will lake Kirt. The Jubilee Skating Rink, Nicholson street, Carlton, continues to draw crowded houses. A polo match, Fitz- roy v. (leolung, will lie played there lo- night. A grand fancy dress carnival Is t« be held on 112nd August. Tlie Australasian Hibernian Socie ty's Grand Fele ul tlie Exhibition Buildings, to to held on tin Prince of Wales's Birthday, already promises lo lie a givnt success. Tlie tickets fur the prize art union are finding shoals of purchasers. Mlss\Mlc« Esty, Mr Robert Cunning ham. and Mr Alee Marsh, who arc re turning to England by (tic mull steamer Orizaba on the 21st Inst., will innke their final appearance at a musical entertain ment lo be given at the Exhibition Building next Saturday evening, under the direction of Mr W. J. Turner, who has engaged Miss Ida Osborne to com plete the vocal quartette. A special Item of Interest will be the first appear ance of a new pianist. Idles Jtosie Mitchell. Dm winner of the Clarke Scholarship in ISiil, who has Just re turned to Die colony after completing her four years course of study at the Royal Acad'- ny of Muidc, London. As an ndditloiui. attraction, every visitor lo tbe entortn.nment ts to be presented wth a cabinet photo, by Talma, of cither Miss Alice Esty, Mr Robert Cunning- hum, or Mr Alec Marsh. 