THE MENACING EYE. A SHosz D?TECrrOv SToRT. CHAPTER IIT. TH- DIFmERWNC BSE TE A AROFE?eIOMAL AND AN AMATEUR. There was knocking at my-door, and the voice of Mr Hamilton quivered with fear as he asked what had happened. I opened the door and ie` him In. He was followed by three or four ser vants, inc uding the butler, who looked very much frightened. He stared from Mr Hamilton to me in a manner indicating serious perplexity. I heard him whisper to one of the women- servants to ask how it happened that I was in Mr Hamilton's room. While making my previous investiga tions, I had been hastily patting on my clothes, so that when I admitted the master of the house and his servants, I was almost comoletely attired. Mr Hamilton thought I had not been to bed. He asked in boundless surprise if the eye had appeared in the light. "No." I replied, "they put the gas out first. That's easy enough. They could easily get at the pipe." " What did you fire at P" he gasped. "At the eye," was my response, " and I'll bet my bullet went right through the middle of it." Hamilton shuddered. "I hope that Mrs Hamilton was not seriously alarmedP' I said. "She was badly frightened'," he said. "'Ihavesnue:eeded in calming her some what. I ran into her room instantly upon hearing the shot. " It seems that she had not been asleep. In fact, she s'eeps rarely; that is one of the worst features of her malady. "To-night the storm kept her awake, of course. She fancied that she heard voices, and all sorts of alarming noises-so the nurse 8ays." "In the dreesing-room?" I asked, with a smile. He looked at me anxiously. " Do you imagine-' he begin. "I'm practically sure of it," said I. " The secret entrance to this room is from that direction. It is not through the door, nor through the bare wall. There's the spot." I pointed to a tall book.case with glass I doors, curicuslyfashioned after the manner of the old windows. It stood against the I wal. I had viewed that bookoase with i ?uspicion the first time I had seen it, but t mycreliminaryinvestigations hadrevealed I nothing. I went to it and turned the key in the I unusually heavy loek. Then I threw open the doors. They were very strong, with metal frame-work for the glass. The inner I side of the doors was covered with a black I woven fabric of the nature of velvet. For any person to come through those 1 doors from the other side while they were looked was simply impossible. "Do you mow of any secret entrance to hbis room by means of this book-case Y" Hs shook his head. SThere is none," he said. ":Then, Mr isamilton"' said I, dropping into a c:,air, "I know exartly what to do to get at the bottom of this whole What's that F" he said. "Send this," said I, handing him a piece of paper on which I had written these words : "Come down here, at any sacrifice. It will be worth your while." The message was addressed to Nick Carter. I sent it off as soon as the tele graph office was open the next morning, and Nick came down early in tte after noon. He heard Mr Hamilton's story and mine w-ith a very grave face. "This is certainly marvellous," he said, " and I believe that it contains a real warning, I can say, with the greatest confidence, that these manifestations indi cate that you, Mr Hamilton, with your -wife and servants, should leave this house." " Do you hoelievr," asked Hamilton. with a ghastly face, "that this is my dead father's deEire." "If supernatural beings." said Nick, "are cognisant of earthly flsairs, that is unquestionably his desire." Mr Hamilton bowed gravely, and with out another word went to give the necec wry orders. "Well, upon my word," said Nick, when he was gone; "' that man is so thoroughly convinced of the supernatural nature of this occearrence that he didn't even ask m, for a rational explanation I Let's go up to tha' room." We went up. Nick spent about a minute in looking the place over. a Got in through the book-case, I see:' he ashd. - "Won't do, Nick," said L "The doors ,were locked ana they squeak when they are opened. and there isn't a panel in the side of the thing snywhcre-" "There's one in the beck," said Nick. I can see it from here." He had the doors open, and was looking into the book-case. "I suspected that," said I, "but I ounYdn't fnd it." "r1'1 show it to you by and by," said he, "there'e another one in the bottom." "In the bottom -" I began, wonder. i'nDon't you see," said he, "somebody went down through the bottom into that big drawer. The drawer isn't locked, the nan inside of it could shove it open, and then he could step right out of it into the He showed me how it was done. The drawer worked noiselessly., " But the eye-how was that managed 1 I asked. He heLd one of the doors of the b-ot-case open, and examined the b'cak curta'-n which covered it on the inside. Finally be drew it aside in one place in a peculiar manner. A lenticular glass was thu' bared. It was round, end about as big ao a saucer. The curtain was so arranged that it com'd be opened exactly at that spot, leaving all the rest of the glass coversd. a Look through that." he said, directing my eye to the rcund glass. I ,saw a greatly magnified image of a p©t of the wall 'of the roomn- In short, that round piece of glare s't into the frame ofthe door was a leos. Nick got on tho other sade of it. I saw for an inisoat hi? face wos magni ed and distorted, and then, as he got in focus, only his ,yi was visible, and it looked mere or less hke the eye that I had seen in the night, but without the ghastly illumination. "That," he said, in answer to my nues tion, " was produced, probably, by a small electric light within the curtain, and backed by a reflector, so that the rays were thrown exaetly into the eye of a person standing behind this door. " In other words, somebody, by means of the panel, got into this book-case, which is empty, as you see. He thenthrewaray of light into your eye, through a crack, so as to dazzle you and also get a little light on you, so he could tell when you were go ing to shoot. "That light didn't help you any. Then he touched off his electric light inside the reflector, and put his eye in the focus of this lens. You saw the eye through the glass. "The black curtain prevented you see ing anything else, for no light could come out. The eye appeared to stand alone, and it was enormrously magnified and dis torted, but the electric light brought oat the color-mind that."' ' But,. hold on, Nick," said I; "this won't do at all The eye wasn't here. It was over at the end of the room. For in stancs, from my bed, I looked south to this book-case, but the eye was due westof me-right over the foot of the bed. It was just between those windows. "Do you suppose that I shot at this thing and hit away over there, at right angles with the direction of the thing I. shot at" Niok laughed. "No," he said "we strike now a new thing in ghoatr. Didn't it ecrur to you so strange that you never could ind anything in this room after it got dark, that you fell out of bed on one side, and got up on the other, that you looked for the table, and for the chair with your waistcoat on it, and couldn't find them P ** Why, my boy, they played a beautiful trick with you. Just as soon as you got into bed, and the lights were out, some body sneaked into your room and turned your bad around. Look at those castors!" Well. they were the finest things 'ever saw. They were little pneumatic wheels. and the bhd rolled on them without a shiver or a sound. *" When you got icto bed," Nick con tinned, " you looked out over the foot of it toward that wall where the windows are. When they twisted you around, you looked at the bookcase. "The instant they saw that you were ready to fire, they put the light out, and the man under your bed wheeled it around. No wonder you couldn't hit anything. The bed was moving. "Before you could find your matches, the man who turned the bed crawled out again, and once you fell over him. It didn't take him long to get out of the room by means of this drawer and panel. " The first time you jumped out of bed it was moving That's one reason why you fell down. When you started up, you were under the bed, and you banged your head on one of the heavy mahogany sides. Then your visitoryolled the bed over you, and you got up on the other side." Nick paused a minuteo to listen. * Ah," he said, "they're taking away Mrs Hamilton." "It was true. We heard them carry her through the hall." " Come," said Nick, and he stepped in side the book-case. I followed, and we stood there listening. He had closed the dote behind us. Presently I heards step in the dressing-room. Someone was listen ing at our door. I heard a bolt elide on the other side of it. Then the footsteps retreated. Next minute there was a light in the darkness. Nick had opened the panel. We passed through into the dressing. room and crept toward the door of Mrs Hamilton's apartment. I looked through and saw the English butler leaning over aire Hamilton's bed He ripped the sack ing open and pulled out of it a hundred thousand in notes, and eight thou sand in gold - the missing money of the Hamilton estate. There wasn't any need to count it. We both knew what it was. Nier had the butler in his grip in a twinkling. There was a little struggle, in the caure of which, to my momentary horror, Nick pulled off the butler's hair and his side whirkirs. He looked very different Without explaining to me or apologising to the butler, Nick led him rapidly through the haeL At the end of it we enceuntered Mr Hamilton. He stared in wonder, and very nearly fell down the sttirs behind him "' Fank I" he exclaimed. "So t supposed," said Nick. " Your brother, I b'lieve, Mr Hamilton. Diein herited by your father's will, I believe." "it is so," replied Hamilton, "My father did not believe that he was to be trusted with the management of any large sum of money, and so he put my brother's share in my care." 'My sharel" exclaimed the prisoner. "What did it amount to anyway P No thing." " Oh, I might as well tell the whole story now. I heard the will read, then I got hold of a key to my father's drawer in the safs, and secured that memorandum. "It is said that the money was hidden in his bed-just what might be expected of a man like my father. I resolved to have it, but your wife lay sick in that bed, and the chanoes were, according to the dcctor's story, that she would lie there for two years. " She never slept soundly enough to Per mit of anybody's touching the bed. Per haps I might have drugged her, but I was too decent for that. " So I tried to scare you out of the honse. Then I was in a little too much of a hurry for the money, that's all, and this man caught me."' "I suppose this can all be smicably settled without the aid of the courts," said Nick. " I have explained the ghost t, my friesd, and I will explain it to yonu, Mr Hamilton, st any time. Mrs Hamilton may now be brought back to her comfort able quarters. You must hire a new butler and two servants to replace the conspira tors he brought with him, and after that you will not be disturbed by any more esu ernatural visitations." [TEin END. 