Aboriginal Mission in the Northern Territory« Twelve years ago à mission was started: by the Austrian Jesuits for the purpose of civilising, and Christianising the aborigi nes of the Northern territory of South Aus tralia. This mission is now, after many vicissitudes firmly established on the banks of the River Daly. ~ At the close of last .week there arrived in Mackay a missioner connected with the above'mission in tho person of the Rev. S. Marschner, S.J., whm kindly placed the following notes at oui disposal: If a boy or a girl dies, by accident or bitten by a snake, soon" all his former companions surround the lifeless body each armed with a sharp stone. By means of these instruments, piece after piece of flesh is cut from the corpse, roasted in the camp fire and devoured. But they will not touch the head, they say the "Devil-devil," the ghost or spirit is residing in it, and therefore they always bury it. Many of their babies are murdered soon after they, are bora, and their bodies serve as a re past, of which only the nearest and dearest friends are allowed to partake. ' A tribe not very far from the Daly. Mission Sta tion is so fond of human flesh that it is a lawful custom with it to fatten up a' number of children in order that their tender flesh may be the chief repast at a' festival ' meal. If they find a dead kan garoo, or a fish, or a bird in an advanced stage of decay, they light a fire at once and cook the .meat, to .satisfy their crav ing appetite. Once the rev. missionary bought goose eggs from the natives, and was about to throw away the bad ones. By doing so, he incurred displeasure and indignant dis approval by those who sold the eggs. They, were very anxious to get hold even bf the rotten ones, and considered them as. a dainty morsel. In some eggs the young goose had been already developed; no mat ter, .the egg is carefully opened, the'young gosling extracted, and directly swallowed. Marriages are arranged by the old peo ple, while the children are very young, sometimes, even before they are born, but then, of course conditionally upon the child being male or female. A young man not provided for must steal his wife. If he steals her from his own tribe, there will be a row, generally amongst their mutual friends; if frewin a strange tribe, he. will be pursued and challenged by her friends to fight for his lady, with -one or more of her tribe; if after a certain time he refuses to fight, then he is speared, whenever or wherever found. There has been formed a larg© farm, which is worked by the blacks,, aided and directed by the misisonaries. A school has been established, which is attended by more than thirty aboriginal children, all of whom are boarded and lod ged, at the expense of the mission. The children, besides being taught/ ave brought up to habits of industry. There are on the mission station also about twenty young men, who are being trained to agriculture. The young Christians, educated on the mission, get married after their sixteenth or seventeenth yeir, and the mission grantä to eaoh couple a small .farm. In this privi lege also other families may share, if will ing to comply with the mission rules. At* present the number of settled families ara twenty, whilst about 300 still uncivilised! blacks fall under the influence of the mis sion, The aborigines on the mission maka their living either by tilling their own farm under the direction of the missioners,' or by working.for wages on the mission*' The school children and all Christian blacks attend Mass every morning, and apK proaeh the Sacraments once a month.. Daily a short time is set apart for instruc tion in tho Christian doctrine.-From the! "Mackay Standard." A young lady of Warragul (Vic.) re? cently committed suicide because, it ijï alleged, of unrequited love» ' . 