BURIED TR?EASURE. SOME RECENT SEARCHES FOR TREASURE TROVE. & vinY singular story of buried treasure is told in connection with Trinidad Island, that lonely place in the South Atlantic, which came into a certain prominence the other day. The value is estimated (there is no use in being modest in affairs of this kind) at no less than the equivalent of £5,000,000 sterling. The legend surrounding all this money is sufficiently remarkable. Among the crew of the Sunderland ship Aursa on her homeo ward voyage from Callao ten years ago was a sailor who signed under the not uncommon name of John Smith. This man was taken very ill, and by the time the vessel was off Cape Horn he was dying. In return for the kind ministrations of the captain's wife he gave that lady, when he felt assured that he was at his last extremity, some papers which he said would make her and her hus band the richest people alive. But she was not to look at them until 12 hours after his death. In due course John Smith died, and 12 hours later the papers were read. One of them stated that Smith had been among the crew of a pirate ship during the war between Chili and Peru. The others on the ship were 18 Spaniards and another Englishmen. They plundered Lima, the richest city in South America, in 1881, carrying off the plate from the cathedral and quantities of valuables which had been stored in other places. They conveyed their cargo to Trinidad, and were returning to the scene of their operations when .an English man-of-war captured them. The 18 Spaniards were hanged from the yardarm as pirates, but the two Englishmen said they had been 'shanghaied' in Callao, and ware let off. Smith was put ashore in Callao again, and worked there for m?ny years. Another of his papers was a rough map of Trinidad showing where the treasure was hidden. The captain of the Aurea probably found himself unable to swallow this fine airy story, especially that part relative to the hanging of the 18 Spaniards by an English man-of-war; and though he had to paws close to Trinidad he did not think he was justified in alling there. But he told the story to the owners of his vessel, and some years later they sent another of their vessels to the island after she had discharged her outward cargo at Santos. On board this vessel was the son of the Adrea's captain. It is, perhaps, almost superfluous to say that treasure was not found. There have been several expeditions since, and it is stated that another expedition has recently sailed from New York with the object of making a farther search for it. Also, it is pretty generally understood that the real purpose of Baron Hiokey, son-in-law of one of the Standard oil magnates, in desiring to estal lish a principality in Trinidad with himself for monarch, is that he may completely ex plore the island for the lost gold. A month or two ago another illustration of the American leaning towards enterprises of this lund was furnished by the search for the treasure sunk with the wreck of an English man-of-war at the time of the revolutionary outbreak in America, on Hell Gate, in Long Island Sound. Still more recently we have yet one more illustration in the search for the fourth time for the wreck of the English privateer Do Braack, lost off the Delaware Capes in 1793\. Both of these enterprises cost a con siderable sum of money, and both were un successful. The latter was, perhaps, the more hopeless of the two, for no operation can be more impracticable than an attempt to locate a wreck in the shifting sands that lie off these capes. Inside of 20 years, for in stance, Five-Fathom Baisik has shifted more than a mile south cast. 'lie treasure said to have been sunk in the priwateer need to be put at £20,000',900 sterling I now it has come down to 20,000,000dol, all i Spanish gold, Where did it come from ? England was not at war with Spains in these days, and as a pirate, the Do Braack could hardly have any business in the neighbourhood of the Delaware. Those old vessels were sturdily built, and, if she is there at all, her hull may still be ?ogother; but the fact that no vestige of her has ever been seen is evidence that she is out of reach under mountains of sand. In the earlier part of the century there were two terrible storms on the coast, one in 1816 and one in 1825, and the wrecks of craft that had been long forgotten were driven in shore. One was found at Cape May Inlet standing on an even keel, and from her appearance she had been under water for 50 years. If one could believe one-half the yarns told by the old women along the coast about buried money there would be no need to go West foe gold. There. is not an acre of ground south of the Cape that has not been dug on for Xidd's or for Bluebeard's treasure, and we never heard of more than one authentis find. About 76 years ago a Yankoe echooner wont ashore somewhere north of Sinepuxent Inlet, and going along the beach the captain found the end of a cheat sticking out of the sand. He took it aboard, and getting safely away went to Boston. The chest contained a quantity of gold and silver plate, jewelled arms, and some money. And this was supposed to be the property of Bradish Ten, Xidd's first mate, who escaped when the captain was taken. He was known to have been in Philadelphia afterwards. Advices as late as August 28th last, from Matagerda, on the Texan shore of the Gulf of MZexico, tells us of the apipearance, a few days before, off Matagorda Island, of a mysterious schooner, manned by helt a dozen mysterious men,wholanded onthoisland, spent a fewdaysthcre,andthenloftinthcirschooner as mysteriously as they came, leaving behind them in the sand a square hole ift wide and ift deep, as though they had dug something up and carried it away. From this every native knew there had been another search for Jean Lafittl's buried treasures. There is not one of the thousand of low fiat islands along the Gulf coast, from Pensacola clear around to the point of Yucatan, not a bayou, creek, bay, lagoon, or crooked waterway in all that country but has its dark tale of Lafittee the pirate and his hidden treasures. Lafitto, it maybe worth while adding is the pirate, /Jar crccfllese, of this southern country. Any of the coast people, at the: bare mention of his name, will tell you enough grisly tales of his exploits as a pirate while living, and as a ghost after his death, to fill a big book. Another hidden treasure story whice re cently exercised the efforts of a professor of geology (who endeavoured to locate it wish the aid of a magnetic instrument) comes from hIaynoIsland, in the Geulf of Georgia. On this island there died some few years ago an old man named Peter Nicholson, who had come to that quiet spot to end his days in peace, after a hard life in the mines of Aus tralia, California, and Cariboo. Nicholson was an Englishman by birth, and something of a hermit by inclination. His last years he spent absolutely alone in a rude mud-house which he built for himself in the centre of the island. Unlike the vast majority of successful miners, Nicholson was very miserly, deprived himself not infrequently of the commonest necessities of life, and was always apparently in actual want. The neighbours regarded him as a wealthy man, although he always pleaded poverty; but the extent of his fortune was never surmised untilone day a friend happened to come into the cabin hurriedly and took him by surprise as he was bending over a shining heap of gold. There were ten and twenty dollar pieces enough to fill the rude table on which they were piled, besides many "slugs "-an octagonal-shaped piece of Californian gold at one time in circulation on the coast and valued at fifty dollars. Niehoinon after this adven ture made extensive alterations to and about his cabin, protecting himself against further intrusion by keeping his place con tinually under look and key, fortifying his door with a spring gun, and placing a heavy wooden shutter on the inside of the solitary little window, so that he might at all hours of the day and night, unobserved and unin terrupted, worship his gold. One day he died suddenly, and if he really had this pile of money he succeeded in hiding it very effectuelly, for although every foot of ground about his small estate has been turned over times without number, it has not yet been found. The latest search, that of the pro fessor of geology, toak place in March lost. Another is preparing now, and as we love enterprise we hope it may succeed, though we have great doubts on the point. M. Elieds Reclus, the French geographer, is responsible for one of the most remarkable gold stories we have heard of since that of the Alaskan 'Lake of the Golden Bar.' M. Reclus was exploring the neighbourhood of the Volador River, u stream of moderate volume that comes tumbling from the snow line of the Sierra de Santa Marta in Magda lena (Colombia), when he found that the sands of the river showed strong indications of gold. The trouble was the presence of mosquitoes, so numerous that no lcnglishmau could live there long. He told the news to the French Vice-Consul at Iio Hacha, and this official obtained a concession of the Eldorado. The dangers he was to en counter he knew perfeetly well. He took with him when he set out an ingeniously - constructed gauze tent of large dimensions. For two days he tried to live under its shelter and watch the operations of his workmen, who toiled in the stiflng heat, clothed in thiek garments, and protected by heavy boots, gloves, and veils. At the end of the second day, however, both employer and employees with one accord gave up the struggle and retreated. The next to try to wring fortune from these auriferous sands was an Italian, whoobtained permission from the vice-consul referred to above. The Italian laughed at the idea of mosquitoes driving anyone away from a place where gold could be picked up in hetfuls. He started out with a party of six who shared with him in his belief, and they took along no speialapro tection against the inoseots. They endured the awful torture for less than a day and then fled. They found their way back to Rio Hacha with difficulty, for the eyes of the five were so badly swollen that they were blind. The face of the sixth was a sight to behold, and he had to pick out the pathway with the aid of one eye, which the mosquitoes had not entirely closed. There is a grand field here for the company promoter. The natives of the mountains not far off are proof against mosquitoes. They are lepers, and the mos quitoes have the good sense not to go near them. But neither gold nor the gauds of civilisation will tempt these diseased savages to labour, and there is no human power, ap parently, which will drag them on from their rude caves on the mountain side and make them labour for the white men. The natives of the valley have the gcol fortune not to be. mosquito proof, though they are of course less susceptible than Europeans to the bites. 