SKETCHER. MY AUNT'S ADVENTURE. The following incident is a strictly true account of an adventure that happened to my aunt, more than fifty years ago, in the city of London. We were all gathered around the Christ- mas fire, and, as was our wont, after the fes- tivities of the day, were telling ghost stories. It was a sort of custom in our family to tell weird and ghostly tales on that evening. On this particular night our Aunt Alice was present, and after some persuading, con- sented to tell us something that happened to her when a girl "What I am going to tell is not a ghost story. It is an adventure that befell me many years ago, when 'Burking' was a common crime. No doubt you all know what that means, as a case occurred not long ago in Baltimore. For those who do not understand I will explain. "In those days the opportunities of pro- curing bodies for medical exposition and instruction were limited. The students and professors were therefore compelled to resort to all sorts of underhand means, such as robbing churchyards and riding tombs. But bodies could not be procured fast enough even by such means. There now appeared a man who invented a plan for which he became notorious. A fellow called Burke. This wretch would hire some ruffian to steal up behind a man or woman and throw a powerful sticking plaster over his victim's mouth. Strangulation would shortly ensue and the murderer would then take the body to some medical college and sell it for a high price, so it would be free from all fracture. This was what we understood by 'Burking,' and, alas! it accounted only too truly for many of the mysterious disappearances in those days. "We were living at the time of my adven- ture in the heart of the 'Modern Babylon.' One night father and I were left alone in the house, the rest of the family having gone to visit some friends. We were talking together in his study, when he suddenly remembered that he had an important communication to give to my uncle. "Oh, child, I am sorry they have gone out?" he exclaimed. "Why?" I asked. "Your uncle should have got that letter without fail to-night, and now it is impos- sible." " 'Cannot I go?' " 'Absurd! No, child, under no circum- tances.' " 'Oh, but father,' I continued, 'you know it is not far to uncle's, and the streets are lighted all the way. I must go. I shan't be more than half an hour; nothing on earth can happen to me.' "I am afraid I was rather fond of hav- ing my own way in those days; for go I did, with the parting admonition, 'Don't stay at your uncle's, but hurry home,' ring- ing in my ears. "My uncle's house was about a mile from ours. There were two ways of getting to it; one, by a road, although it took longer, was well lighted; the other was by a cross-cut through numerous small street and alleys. "The night was cold and damp. After a brisk walk I reached my uncle's, gave my message and the valuable letter, and was about to go when one of my cousins, running up to me, said,— " 'Oh, Annie, can't you stop a minute and see my new dress?" " 'Well I'll stop one minute and no longer,' I replied. "But one minute was prolonged to two, and two to three, and still I lingered. The now dress was so absorbing a topic that it had banished my father's words entirely from my mind. I do not know how long I should have stayed had not my eye at last caught sight of the clock, and I saw to my dismay that it was half-past nine. The parting words [ink blot] father came to my mind, and I was [ink blot] [?rry] for my thoughless dis- [obed?] [ink blot] [ink blot] I must go! don't say another [ink blot] [?] [ink blot] on my cloak seizing my [ink blot] [hat?] down stairs. I almost ran now, in [m?] [ink blot] to make up for lost time. [Sudden?] [ink blot] thought, 'since you are so late, why not [ink blot] [?e] the short cut!' came to my mind, and I acted upon it immediately. "There were only a few people in the streets as I walked home, and they seemed to get fewer as I approached what had been pointed out to me as 'Thieves' Alley.' Past gloomy little shops, which Dickens so marvellously describes in his great works, and past numerous odd turnings, I hurried. Through 'Thieves' Alley,' quiet as a mouse, I stole. I had passed the worst now, I thought. "I next came to a street bounded on both sides by dilapidated houses. The place was so silent that I heard the echo of my own footsteps. I do not know what it was, but a feeling of impending danger so fell upon my mind I stopped and listened The street was silent and deserted. I crept along with eye and ear strained to catch the slightest sound. I had reached the middle of the block when I heard a step behind me. Be- fore I could look around my arms were seized, and a terrible weight was pressing into my back. I tried to scream but my throat seemed paralyzed with fright. I was in the hands of one of the 'Burke' gang! He had been lying in wait for me, and would kill me! "Oh, the horror of that moment! I shall never forget it. The ruffian then began to draw my arms together. I saw his purpose He wanted to hold my arms with one hand so that with the other he might put the dreaded plaster on my face. Suddenly a thought—it was God-given came to my mind If I could wrench my arms free at the moment he would hold them with his one hand I might escape. Slowly he brought my arms together. His powerful hand was already grasping my wrists when, with all the nervous passion of dispair, I threw my two fists back over my shoulders, and struck the villain full in the face. An oath, followed by a fall, was all I heard. I flew. Girls can run an well as boys sometimes. But horror! the wretch was following me. Footsteps rattled on the pavement behind. I tore on, but my breath was going. My pursuer was rapidly approaching, still I reeled on, when —rapture never to be forgotten—I saw a 'peeler,' (that was what they called a police- man in those days) approaching. The foot- steps behind me stopped. I was saved! "I gained the highway and reached our house. In order to gain the instant atten- tion of those inside, I thrust my arm through the front window. There was a crash, and I fell fainting on the steps. Father came run- ning out and carried me in, where after a time I told him all. "That is my adventure; and in conclusion, my aunt continued, "I trust no one of you will ever have to undergo such an ex- perience." Tom Campbell once told an amusing story of an incident that had happened to him in a small country inn when travelling in Scotland. He had been stopped by the weather in the afternoon, had dined, and in- dulged himself with a toothpick to while away the idle after-hour. Enter chambermaid: "Sir, if you please, are you done with the toothpick?" "Why do you ask? I suppose I may pick away as long as I like?" "Na, na, ye canna dae that, sir, for it be- langs to the club, and they hae been met amaist an hour!" The following story of Scotch pulpit witicism used to be told by an eminent [divine?]: A clergyman in the country had a stranger preaching for him one day and meeting his beadle, said to him : "Well, Saunders, how did you like the sermon to-day?" "I must say, sir, it was rather over plain and simple for me. I like thae sermon best that jumbles the joodgement and confounds the sense. Oh, sir, I never saw ane that could come up to yerself' at that." Prince Bismark is the most decorated man in Europe. Should he ever appear wear- ing insignia of all the orders conferred upon him he would resemble an Oriental prince. 