SPORTING NOTES. [By Tarquin] The aauouaceuient published in the Register early in the week that the S. A. J. Club had completed the purchase of the Morphettville, Course must be considered highly gratifying in every sense of the word. It affords abun- dant proof that since January, 1889, the sport has advanced by leaps and bounds. Not only have the premier club been able to subscribe substantial stakes and incur heavy expenditure in improvements, but they have in the short space of five years flourished to such an extent that they are in a position now to pay £12,000 for the privilege of securing the fee-simple of such a valuable property as Morphettville. There is no denying the fact that this satisfac- tory position of affairs could not have been realized without the totalizator. Certainly the management of the club's atfairs has been excellent, but without the machine horse- racing would practically have been extinct in South Australia to-day. The first race meet- ing held at Morphettville was in May, 1876, when Impudence won the Adelaide Cup for Mr. Gabriel Bennett. The course was then held on lease from Sir Thomas Elder at a peppercorn rental by the original South Aus tralian Jockey Club, who subsequently pur- chased is from the worthy Knight for, I believe, the small sum of £1,913. Having erected, extensive improvements, they mort- gaged it for £6,000, and from this point their troubles began. Somehow or the other the balance-sheets showed a debit balance instead of a credit, and when Parliament repealed the Totalizator Bill matters got from bad to worse, the farce of running the Adelaide Cup in Melbourne being enacted. To cut a long story short, the Mortgage Com- pany foreclosed, and disposed of Morphettville to Messrs. Sylvester Browne, T. F. Wigley, and R. B. Pell, and the club became extinct. Unfortunately the members of the com- mittee who had done their best to keep the concern 'going' were called upon by the Commercial Bank to pay off the overdraft which they had rendered them- selves liable for by their guarantee. The Hon. R. C. Baker (the Chairman of the present S.A.J.C.), Mr. William Pile, and Sir Thomas Elder hed each to contribute £500, while Mr. W. B. Rounsevell had to pay £100. Though the present South Aus- tralian Jockey Club is a different organiza- tion, would it not be a graceful act on the part of its members to refund these amounts gene- rously subscribed ? From 1885 to September, 1888, there was no South Australian Jockey Club, and racing in she colony had reached its lowest ebb. We were without the totalizator for five years, but in September of 1888 the machine was again legalised, and steps were at once taken to reform the S.A.J.C. A meeting was convened by Mr. A. O. Whitington as the instigation of a umber of gentlemen interested in racing, at which the Hon. R. C. Baker occupied the chair. The gathering was an enthusiastic one, and the first resolu- tion, submitted by Mr. W. B. Rounsevell, seconded by Mr. P. F. Bonnin, was 'that it is desirable to form a new racing club, and that the name of it is the South Australian Jockey Club.' A strong provisional Com- mittee was appointed to arrange the details, and in their report to a subsequent meeting they recommended that the first committee be- the Hon. R. C. Baker, Messrs. W. B. Roun- sevell, T. F. Wigley, W. Pile, H. Chambers, P. F. Bonnin, and J. A. Ellery. Five of these gentlemen are at present members of the S.A.J.C. Committee. Mr. Bonnin resigned on account oi ill-health, while Mr. Chambers has been removed by death. Mr. Whiting- ton, who had the formation of the club in hand, was, of course, elected Secretary. My predecessor wrote in the Register of September 14, 1888 — ' Without doubt this gentleman is the most suitable man in the colony to fill the office. He has a most thorough knowledge of the duties of a racing Secretary, while he also understands all the details connected with the working of the totalizator. Mr. Whitington is not an ex- travagaut manager by any means, and there is no fear of the new club incurring heavy liabilities at the outset of its career.' That Mr. Whitington has more than answered the high expectations then formed of him has been abundantly proved by the results achieved to date, and it would be ungracious in an article of this kind not to recognise the undoubted ability and energy he has displayed in prosecuting the onerous duties of Secretary of the premier Club. Ths original lease secured by the present S.A.J.C. from Messrs. Browne, Wigley, and Pell was for four years, and at the expiration of that term the club had to deal with Mr. Browne alone, he having mrchased the interests of Messrs. Wigley and Pell. They secured a further extension for five years, at an annual rental of £900, with the right of purchase at any time within that period for £12,000, and this right the club have now exercised. When we come to con- sider the figures, it will at once be conceded that Morphettville is a valuable property, and that the price paid waa by no means an extrava- gant one. The original club expanded £12.000 in draining and improving is, Mr. Browaa spent £3,000, and the present S. A.J.C. have incurred an outlay of ov« £3,000. Those who patronised the coarse years ago can see for themselves tha important changes that have been effected to data, and id is unnecessary therefore to recapitulate them. It is now one of the most complete courses in Australia, and the entire racing community will join in heartily congratulating the S.A.J.C. on own- ing the property. Excellent acceptances were received by Mr. Von Dousaa lust night for the Oakbank Meet ing, and a succeseiul day's racing on Easter Monday is assured. Twenty-tive have cried content in tha Hurdle Race, including the Victorians Apaiey, Bill, Bingara, Comrade, and Associate, and aa Apaiey was coupled with Alice yesterday for a substantial sum he may be reckoned upon as a etarser ; and he will be very hard to beat into the bargain. Brewer h&s; left both Associate and Bingara in. The latter was beaten again in Melbourne dc Thursday. Biil ia expected to leave Victoria shortly, and as GriStha baa paid up for King Orry in the Cop it may be inferred that he will ba represented by Comrade in the Hurdles. Of the absentees there is hardly one who will be missed by backers. The soli tary exception is, perhaps, Carhcn, and his re tirement from both tnis event) and the Cup was compulsory, a% ha baa de veloped a 'leg.' There are twenty-two remaining in the Great Eastern Steeplechase, in which the sister colony presents a formid able front. Dondi will dc duty on behalf of Mr. Chirnside, while Balcoro is to take Braaco'a place. Mr. Miller ha* apparently changed his mind about making the trip, aa Eifie ia still in, and, I understand, she is pretty enra to coma if she does not inour a penalty at Caulfield to-morrow. Waterloo will accompany Apslpy, and wo may also sea Tayforth. As anticipated, the accident Courtier met with pu5 him out of court, white neither Torrent, Reckless, Evergreen, nor Elastic will ba inisasd. Ot the twenty-seven in the Oakapariu^a Cup, King Orry, Bril liant, Carlton, Miroorj, Danebury, Leeway, and Little Maid hail from Victoria. Not one of the local contingent of any note have re tired, and there promises to be one of the largest fields on record. The belting market on tho Onkaparinga Meeting on Thursday was fairly livaly, thcuch the transactions wero principally con lined to doubles. Tha jumping events natu rally engaged the most attention, and two combinations that were 3upported for large Bums were Apsley and Alice, and Associate and Waterloo. During the day 100 to 10 was accepted about Dondi, while 200 to 16 w»3 written on behalf cf Alice. After the acceot ancescams to hand last night, the Actre«3 was quoted at S to 1 for th» Steeplechase, while 10 to 1 was offered on the field for the Hurdle Race. The following include the DUSinrSS trauDK.kin. . — uuiiutrf itnu oteeDIe cha?e — SOO to 16 Apsley and Alice. 5C0 to 10 Associate and Waterloo. 500 to 10 Associate and Alice, 500 to 7i Syllabus and Dondi, 700 to 7 Minstrel Boy aad Waterloo. 500 to 5 Ensign and AU Fours, 500 to 5 Bill and Sneaker, 300 to 3 Syllabus and Waterloo. 300 to 3 Bingara and Tho Actress, 300 to 3 Jack Sprat and All Four*, 300 to 2 Barter and Sneaker. Cup and Hills Railway Stakes— «0O to 4 Kirkby and The Idler. There were sixteen yesterday left in the Hopetoun Cup, which ia to be run at Fleming, ton on Saturday. Idolctor and Moss Rose, who filled the places behind Iolanthus in tne Hopetoun Handicap, have practically the same imposts attain, and they must be adjacent Steadfast, hawever, won tha Brunswick Stakes of tho aaaie distance ao comfortably this mon:b with S st. 3 lb. that with 8 st. 91b. on his baols now hs will have to be rf-ckoned with, and m spite of her weight Bessie McCarthy will render a good account of herself. If I bad to pick a couple to supuly the winner they would ba Steadfast and Idolator. With £3.S37 passing through the toSaltzator and afair atcendance, thsPortCiub must have pulled through all right on Saturday. The judging fiaaoo waa a matter for regret, as, had it not been for the assistance of outsiders, an injustice micht in oua instance at any rate have been done to the winning owner._ 'Ihe errors at the Fort should convince Mr. xoung and his committee of the absolute necessity which exists for tho appointment of a coa)P?r tent man in the box. Any one can finnl such an office until there is a close finish, and then the troubla commences. The position of Judge is about the most im portant in connection with the sport, and it behoves all our leading clubs to secure capable officers. The innovation of the Trial Stakes with certain conditions has cerUinly found favour with owners. Tho fsct that twenty one candidates presented themselves aa not having won a stake o£ SOsova. for tvvo years furnishes proof that owning raeehoraea is not su=h a rosy game, and consequently our clubs should aSord racing man every encoura^ament by eahscribinK libsra: stakeB. In the Trial Stakes the Port Club gave away 40 SOV3., and they received in entrance-fees £31 103. Successor has been a long while breaking the ice. His form early in the season ?warranted those connected with him believing thic be wa3 capable of scoring, but until Saturday he always failed. He is very well now, and credit is du9 to Tommy Barn, bis trainer, to whoai tbe coin's double success must have been particularly gratifying. After Sir George had coma to grief on the Hat in the Hurdle Raca nothing had tha ghost of a chance with Mins trel Boy, wko jumped well, and showed a bit of pace. With 7 lb. off his back he has endoubted c!aiin3 for consideration in the Oukaparinga Hurdle Race, as he will ba suited by the journey. The finish in St. Patrick's Handicap was the best* ever wit nessed on the Port Course. At the same time it was pretty clear that Germaine had just squeezed home trom The Merry Girl, who ran unkindly in the hands of the stable lad Hill put on her. Ensign flattered his Onkaparinga back»ra to an extent, and a3 he knows how to get over the small sticks he must be labelled dangerous on Ea3ter Monday. Tho less said about the Steeplechase the better. The Wilpana party thought they had a good thing, and they came at it accordingly. The chestnut gelding won comfortably enough, but for tho last mile he only had Secretary to deal with, and though tha old fellow plodded along manfully, it wa3 evident he had lost his pace. The display of CuttleSsh was certainly not enoouraging. but ha will be more at bcaao at Oakbankrand he must not be discarded on account! of his failure on Saturday. The North- Western Jockey Club's meeting will be commenced at Port Pirio to-morrow. The Adelaide horses nominated have dropped oui, bnt I balieve Griffin ha3 gene up with the Western Australian reoresentative, Happy Jack, who is engaged in the Flying Handi cap, and Danbybale may be given a run in tho Trial Stakes. Kodfjkins and Peter Hiekey hive mounts at the meeting, and some of the city fieldera will bo ia evidence. Mor gan may piok up the Trial Stakes, whiio Sunflower may experience most danger from Parndl m the Hurdle Race. The Rival, F-»irSeld, and UZ amy fill the places in the North- Western Handicap as named ; while Middlesex should take some beating in the Flying Handicap. The full programma is published elsewhere. The weipbt3 for the Adelaide Cap, Good wood Handicap, First Hurdle Race, and Staeplpcba.=s at the S.A.J.C. Autumn Meet ing will be published by Mr. Hughes on Mon day morning before 11 o'clock. No less than four of the eight youngatera who took parS in the Federal Stakes at CaulBeld oa Saturday are ensaged in the S.A. J.C. South Australian Stukes. They are MelGma (the winner), Gehenna, Freda, and Katinka, and unless tbe bold front Auraria presented at Fletnington last) spring has frightened thftir owners, the quartette may puts in an appearanc9 at Morphettville. Melema is by Splendour f roia Minuet, a slater to Melodious, while Freda is a half sister to Loyalty by Maxim. Kr.tinVa is a full sister to Asim and The Rebel, while Gehenna's close relationship to Quality is well known. Auraria and Thunderer stand oa!; as the pick of tha local lot, but they will encounter opposition in Birksgate and Successor, and the race consequently promises to be of more than ordinary interest. Mr. Wilkinson, who framed the weight for the Sydney Cup, ha3 considered Carnage 3 To. superior to Havoc over two miles, while Mr, Dakin in th« Hopetonn Cap waa of the opinion that Havoc was able to concede the ohestnut 5 lb. over a mile and a quarter. The Harvester reads well at S st. 12 lb. consider ing that he ran third in the Australian Cup with 8 st. C lb. when not oherry ripe and that ha subsequently scored in ths Champion. lb. worse terms, and he will require to bs at his very best to finish in front of him itrain. It is on tha cards, ho.vover, that as Mr. Wilson thinks tho Australian Cud winner is badly treated, ha will rely upon Nada, and at 7 at. 9 lb. she certainly reada very temptice. With 7 st. she was third in the Melbourne Cup, and she carried 7 st. 13 lb. into second place in tbe Basot Handicap on New Year's Day. Tara naki and Blarneystoae ab S st. 2 lb. and 8 st. 10 lb. respectively, hava claims for considera tion, but thf» winner mny oome from The Har vester or Mr. Wilson's bust. Tbe pan ha3 been puS through the name of Dreamland. 