BREAK1N G.'AND ENTERING. Ros-ietla lurkott pleaded guilty to a charge ?of ibrcnkinu.'in'J pntering- tho.d tolling houBO of ; 8amu»l Thoui'iB, at'Cnrlingford, on February i '22 ljst, nnd et'nling thernin' three brooohes. one purse, bodice, parool, voil, blouso, nnd pair 0 ot gloves. .£§ Thomas ' Kirkolt, fnthor of tho prisoner, g -Btntod in ana - tr to tho Judge that hia daughter fj wa-jusf, over 1G yoirs of nge. She had nl H ways livml ut homo and h'td novor boon out to E HBfvic». 'Undid not think aho was altogether 1 light in her ho'i'l, aa elio frequently wanderod | away during' tln- duy time without nny ap K ' parmit object, though aho always roturned E 'hoinu it night, 'Ho was firmly convincod that | ,she w.is not respor.sible'for her actions. i Ili.s, Honor' mid ho would romand tho | prisoner fur aynttned. Tnu fathor wits not to 1' ? leave tho Court, and whnn ho had road' tho fc dopo itiona ho would set) what ho could do. ( In c tiling upon the girl for sentence, his i Honor allied if any ono could speak as to her |. ohanicer. j Mr. Mulnloah (who was net in the caso pro I fessioually), voluutercd the statement that he | know the pirdntii of tbo accused, who were I hard -working, hono3t people of good repute. I His Honor anlcod the lather to enter into a I rocogiiisuncofor hia ch.ld'a good behaviour. i Kirliutt nn;d ho could not enter into any' H bond. He could not Bpeak for hor actions ono 1 **ay ij HiB Honor: Will yau enter. into a recog ,' msHncp (hat the girl shall appear whon callod I upon ? Tho imtlts-r will bo very light, mid I I will ii.ake tho pun od as short as posbiblo. } Ivirliott: 1 cinnct enter into any money affairs, h I. all. ! Hid Honor : Then I will havo to imprison j her. The erntnnco ot tho court is that sho ; bo imprisoned in Dulinghurst Gaol for two W weel.s. A- SAULTING 'A CHINAMAN' \- Joseph A ruudftlc, a youth, w«8 presented on | u chnruH of having maliciously inflicted griev ous b 3 li i 1 y harm on Ah Uan on the afternoon I of Douumbor -27 1391, and tt seooiid count ohurged him wiih having committed a common assault on All Dim. Accused pluudod net guilty and challenged Seven jurymau. Mr. Mclniosh (Todhunter and Mcintosh), appui oa for tho defence. .Mr. Mclutuuh abked that 'ancusod might be allowed to leivo iho dock au'l huve a. seit near him at, tho tublo. His Honor Quid he could not mike any dis tinction between p'isonnra unless there- wero exceptional oircumsiiincea, -und it was shown, that iu juatice to the uocubed be should be al -.''' lowed out of tho dock to instruot his coun sel. II r. Jlclntosh suid Ihoro were nosuoh circum stances Hia Honor s-iid that he could not allow the accusud to leuvo the dock, but Mr.MoIntosh could take n sent neirer his client. This 'being doue, Mr. D.iwboii, in opening tbo ciifH) for the Crowrj, bii. fly detailed the evonts in the indictment, tho particulars of. ivbich inu-t bo familiar to our readers. Ac cording to the prnaecu'ion Ah Dan and See Wah wero driving' homo along Church Street Parrmii'itto on the aftornoon of Deooinbor 27th last,' aud whon nearing Hack's hotel, near tho Windsor toll bar, a number of youths, among -wh^m was the acousod, climbed into tho cart nnd cno of them took tho reins from Ah Dan and drove through tho toll bar. 'Acousod struok him on tho back anu chest and ? otherwise assaulted liira. Accused got out of tho curt anJ oora monced to throw atones Tho first ouo did not Lit Ah Dan but lhe second ono struck him in the mouth, and ho was knocked' senseless. When he rocovorod consciousness ho found' biuiBelf in tho hospital, Subsequently ho rooognised threo young-men as his ussailants and they were indue course committed for trial' but the jury returned a verdict of nut guilty. Some timo after the ucoused Arundalo was arreetod, aud wus positively identified us tho youth who first aHsaulted him with bis finis and' throw the stone thnt kuobkod him senseless. The learned prost-uutor asked tbo jury to dismiss from their minds the fact of the other three young men having been found not guilty but to givo their ; verdict according to the ovidenoe they- would hear. He also reminded thorn that Chinese evidonoe, especially when filtered through, an interpieter, wua generally vory unsatisfactory, as, though thoy^ could speak and understand English generally, when they wero placed in' the « ituess box ? they suddonly forgot their' nooompliBbmonts. Ah Dan and Seo'Wnh gave evidenoo of tho assault baviug been committed and swore positively that tho 'uoousod 'Arundalo was the' onj wlio slrubk Ah Dan on the back and chest, and got out of the oart and threw the stono ,-whiob knocked him toneolees. Cross examiuod the two chinamen's evidonoo was rather shaken as to aooused boing tho .person. who aolually committed tho aasault. Thomns Whitqman, ouo of tbo three who Lad been tried at tho lust sessions aud acquitted of having assaulted All Dan ; James Telfer a lad. 13 yeurs of ago.; and William Harris, black smith,' statod that tlioy snw tho accused in the .oart in company with Boveral others, but they did not noiuully Hoe tliu :it-s-tull uommitted. The evidence jjivt-n by J)r. Kearney nt tho polioouuurt, wus by cati-i nt, piu iu uiiil read. Hr. iUelntOHh Hiibinitlcd that tbero waa no case to y,o to tlu- jiuj . Ai u ]uoviou.s trial the obiuunioii swou- jn.-iliwly iliat tho threo younsr mon Hum boforo tlio court wero llie pei'HouH who asssmlted Ah Dan, and now that thoao youth.s hiid been i'nuiiil not guilty, thu ueles ;? tiala como to tho o.iurl, and lire equally as ' positive that Arundalo was tho chief assailant. They would go on, lie mippoKod, swearing against others till they yo' Homo ono convicted. 01' had ulearud out I'mrarantta. His Honor: Would that lead to oay disail ?»anta/fe to rarri'.nuittu? (laughter). Mr. Mclutoah: I don't know. His Honor ; I could not possibly tell the jury there iH no cafe. Accused ivim then put in tho box und stattd on oath that about '1 o'clock p m, un December ; 27 he saw thruo young mon whom be knoiv, nnd : two obiuamou iu a curt tit tbo water trough at : . the corner of Church-nl root and L'onnaut Jtill.s ?;?' road. Tlio young fellows beckoned to him and I lie got in Iho curt opposito Miihouy's shop. ,They drovo half a mile pust tbo toll bar when :? AhDan rofusod to go nny further. Ue (ac- I I ? -oased) theu got down, ami wild walking alontj ; ' tho roiul, in company with others, following up a constablo who was ulti.r n man, when be saw See Wall coming back r.liuig tho road with liia lifludrt up to hid lace. Ho got fnghtouod, as be did not lik.) to bo soon about about where too Chinaman wiih assaultin^'jand walked iuto 1 lUo bush. Ho had nothing to do with tbo na eault. _ Accused wan cross examined at length but Lia evidoneo iu chief was not shaken'. Asked -i- i why ho loft 1'aiTatnatta ho said bo had been f i advised to leavo tho town till tho nfl'air blew | * -over. f ' Mr. McXnlosli made nn eloquent appea on hi-hnlf of his elioni, and submitted that tbo chinamen's .evidence whh unreliable, and no contradictory to that given at iho previous trials, tlmt no relinnao could bo placod in ono ?wor£ they !:.ad utturd. -H1« Honor in bid .-umiuu up said that fho evidoiiuu of Iho ttvo chinanum wim .so unsatis factory that tho jury could not anfoly nay thai, they had no reasonable donbl. tli:it tho accused was tho peisou who threw tho stono Hint in - flictid lhe grevioui- bodily injury, but taking their tvidenco with that ol tho other wilnews there was no di.ubt that tho licensed was in tho cart, to' iho nt least, grroat inconvoniunoo of tho cbinfso. lie dwelt strongly on tho fnot ihnt ju'it after tho assault had tnkon place the accused ran novoss a unddock hiding from tho police, and had mid to tho boy Telfer 'I will jump your lights out and kill you, if you tell anyouo you have aer-n mo round hero.' The juryshould not ullnw any previous triuh to influence thoin in nny wiy no they ccnld not possibly know on whit giounr's tho jury hud arrived nt thrir docioion. -Thoywould givo thb prisoner tho benefit cf nny reasonable doubt. . ? The jury retired nt 12 40 p m. and returnod at 3 p.m. with a vi rdict of guilty on^tho second count of common a-'Bnult ' ' When thu prisoner waa brought up for son tonco, Mr. McIrUo--h oiilled Mrs. Aiundnlo, mother of piisouer, to givo tvidinco about hor eon'i habits. Sho said. t ho assisted her by chopping her wood. OonBtiib!e'Tri.viliiiin stated th'it prisoner was tho (\ssoci.ito of thieves and bud characters^und numerous complaints were uindo about him. His Honor suid it aeimed that prisoner 'be longed to tho Piirramalta North push, who wero a,ditfgnicowand-iv terror to tbo neighbour hood, -Ho imd been loading a vory bad life for some tiniii. 'aid it was quilo certnio th-it'hu would not have loft the district if his own oon aeienco had not told him her was guilty nnd that the eye of the police win upon him. The sen tonco wiia six months impiisonmcnt in Parra mattu gaol, wilh'hard 'li'tbsur. RE1IANDED. John Hurley waa formally; presented on two charges, ono of fulbe pretoncea un.l iho other of horse stealing Tho Crown- Prosecutor hauded'in a medical certificate to the effeofc that Mr. G. -E. n. Blaok, a material witneM, was too ill to appear and under the cironiiistaitces, he naked ;bat the accuaed he remanded till uext Court of Quarter' Sessious. Mr. Bliiek was tho principal witness and i: would bo impossible to proceed without him, etpeciully as Mr. R. n. Levion, who had, beou retained for tho defence, desired to cross examine him. Mr. Levion offered no objeotion' to tbo application and his Honor accordingly reman ded the ucousrd to tho next Court of Quarter Sessions in Purrutnaitn, or such other court as the Attorney General may appoint. The £80 puid into the Court by a bondsman would be retainod. Accused would also tutor into his own recognisances, in £80 Accusod and tho witness' were thou bound over. ALL 'i GED BURCILARY AT DR. BROWN'S. Ilarrii t Elliott,' nnd Frederick Luckey, were arraigned on an indictment, charging them with breaking und ontering tho dwelling houso of IDr. Waller Bronu, Sen., Gcorgo und Marsden streets, Parramatta, on February 1-1 latt, nnd stealing therein 3 broochoo, pair spoctucies, magnifying glas.°, several knifes and forks, articles of dress and othsr goods. Mr. -R. H. Lovieu appeared for Luok°y who pleaded not guilty. Elliott, in answer to tho charge, said sho would plead guilty to hiving entered tho house where she had been rir.ployod as servant, and bad taken her own box away. She did not know that thero was anything in tbo box except her own proporty. She had removed two latbs. from tho shutters whon sho first wont to tho Doctor's, so thut aho could get in and out whon sho liked at night His Honor said that amounted to a . plea of not guilty and tho plea was so entered. ? Mr.-l)nw8on iu placing tho ease beforo tho jury Biid that the female accusod hud been employed as domestio servant at Dr. Brown's. Oa February 10 sho left, but did not tuke her box nway. On February 13, Misa Brown entered the room and noticed that tho shutters were in a good condition. On iho morning of February H, un examination of lhe room was madeandit wftS found that two laths had been cut out of the ahutters, tho window broken open, tho girl's box , gono and artioles mentioned missing. About 2 o'olock' in tho morning of February 11, Constable Carpenter saw the two accusod coming nlonp; Goorge-Btroet and bado them good ' mornipg.1' They did not answer and ho looked back, when Luckey put up his band, a sign the, constable took to raenn 'not to siy unything.' Two or three d»ys after, Miss Brown receirod a lotler, with the Puddington .post mark, con taining the threo brooches that had been stolen. A few days after that, the two aocusod were arrested in a hotel at Woollonmcoloo, whore the girl had obtained service, and in her box wero -several- of the artioles missing. When Con stable Trevillian asked the girl wheroi.sho got tho goods, she said sho had them long ''before sho went to Par'ramatla. 'On the morning of February 1-i, James Spears found tho shutters broken open-and- saw underneath tho window tracks of n man and woman. ? Miss Brown, Constable Carpenter, James Spears' *g'dve evidenoo bearing out tho.srato raonta of the Crown Proseoutor. Constable Trevillian staled that -when ho arrested the accused and charged her, sho said ?' tbo three brooohes I aent back by post. I know nothing about iho music book or the n--ignifyiug gliiBa.' Opened her box and found tbo articles named. Accused then said 'tbo music book is. my own.' Asked who helped her to carry the. box and sho replied 'no ono.' Said ' You could not carry' that box and all tbeso things yourself ?' Sho then said ' u man did assist mo, but I don't know what's bis name or whore ho livos.' Arrostod Luckey iu tbo public bar and. confronted him with tho female, when she said. ' that'll tbo man who helped me.' Charged Luokey with breaking, outaring und stealing, when he ro phoil '' Gr ? bliino me, I helped tho girl with her box, but, I don't know anything about tho stolen property.' On tho way to Purruinattti, iu tbo train, Elliott said. 'I got iu through tho window and lifted my box on to tbo window sill ami Luckey lifted it down.' '' Luckey said to her ' don't say too much, don't know any thing.' To Mr, Levion : Luokey wus ilrunk when I arrested biia, but not very much under tho influence of dank ; he know what ho was sny mg. Luolioysiid be lutd helped the girl to tho station with the box. Somo mon know more when they arc diunk that when eobor. Luokey wus very open in all hia auswors. The statements made by tbo accused when formnlly churged were, by Elliott, ' thero lire lots of things here I know notbiufj; about.' Luokoy suid ?' 1 met Iho girl on tbo night of tho l'Jth February, sho asked me to ;.'ivo her a huud with her bux In tbo station, us the had u situation to go to in Sydney, so I helpod hor up with it. I was uuvur within twenty yanKs of tbo house.' Tho female accused an oath slated that sbo bad been three weeks iu Dr. Brown's sorvioo. Tho aeoond night eho waa tbero ebo broke tho shutters so that aho could get out aud get eoino fond. Sho chiimod all tho article.1! sbo was accused uf stealing' as her property. Sho .sent tbo brooches back whon slio found thin they wero not hers. It wua Iho practice of the young ladies io throw thtir thinga into the servants' room, and also Io plane monoy about Iho kitchen, to mm if Iho girls wore honest. Sho cou'd mil call any cvidni'ic;! to prove tint, tho oOitTgirl wiih still ul, Dr. Brown's, and she wouldn't say anything against her master. Sbo went Io Camplxllliiwi. when sho l»ft the Doctor's, just for pleasure. Then wont to Sydney, and got a situ ition wiih an eld woman us companion, Accused was cross examined nt length : Sho used to go out ami buy raw food, not saveloys, nnd briiifjr H back nn,l cook it beforo their face-1. Shi' preferred going out Iho window instead of tho door, as thoy were such horriblo people, that they alwayy wanted to know thy Horvanta' business. To Mr. Lovion : I never saw Luokoy before Hint night. Gnve him my address in Sydney, and told him to enll on me. Frederick Luokey, the malo iicouscd, fti'- 1 ouoith, that be was not, nonr Dr Brcwn'n window on the night in question. Went, to Sydney w.tii tho female nconsed on the Thurs day. Sho put her box iu a cab and walked down Pitt-street herself. Mr. Hugh Taylor cortified that bo bud known accused for many years and had always found him very honest nnd industrious. Ho uniiiilunntcly homo times gavj way to drink. Miss Brown, recalled, staled that when sbo received the brooches back, thr^o waa no note or memo in Iho box containing thom. It wna not true that tho servants' room was over entored by Ibo family. Thoy had the lull use of (he room and alwuyR had. plenty to eat. Harriot Elliott ir ido aj si atoment to tbo jury, restating tho Desertions i-ho had made an oath and said'that bIio wus only 17 years and 10 months, and bad lost her 'father' and .mother 12 years ago, siaco whioh time aho had looked after herself. Mr. Levieu' addressed tho juiy n( length on behalf of Luokoy. His Honor, in summing up, pointed out that aa far as Lnokey was -concerned, he might bo found puilty of n wrong and a foolish act, but 'linfllM' tlln iilHinlmpnf.™ Jin vana nnt- oiiiitw in/inn/1 ho did not Icoow .under what .indictment he oould bo proved guilty, unless ho know that he ?was assisting tho female acouacd to steal the article'. ' Ho wont patiently through the evidence and summed up favourably for tho femtilo. 'At 'this stage, tho Crown Prosecttor drew his Honor's attention to tho fact that the naino of Harriet Elliott waa written in ssveral places in tbo book which aho claimed as her own pro perty^ Hia Honor directed that tho book should bo handed to the judgo, who retired at 4.50. :; At 6.30 the juiy returned into Court, and tho foreman announced tbatthey had ai rived at a verdict in the oaae of Luokey, but had uot yet agreed in that of tho female. nia Honor said they wero perfectly right in desiring to givo their decision in Luokey's case. Tho Foreman then said that they bad agreed - to a verdict of ' not guilty,' and again retired, biit.'relurned:in. a few minutes to ask Miss Blown a .question, in answer to which the youug lndy said that she n membered seeing ,tho music book at the hous-o, iu Jnnunry last Tho other g rl did not sleop in the servants' ? room on tho night of.lhe robbery. The jury apaio retired, und bis Honor in.' ditchaiging the malo accused said : Luckej, it wua a most uulucky day|or|nii{htfor you, when' j'ou met this young lady. If you go out to parlies, go straight homo next timo. -You nre discharged, but in future keep sober, for that seem? to be your only trouble, unwisely assu aging thirst. I quite agree with the verdict of the jury, wbioh is just tbo one I would have returned myself. Keep sob'-r iu future, for if you appear again, you may get yourself into troub e, if you moddlo with things yori 'don't understand. Luokey was then discharged. At 7. -15 on Tuesday moiuiug his Honor sent for tho jury, who enterei the court. Mr. Mclntosh announced that he appeared for the accused. Mrs. Llnyd, Miss Brown's sister, who it was , said owned one of tbo articles fctolen, wnsat Th'jiuleigl), but Iho fellow ser vant of the accused, Jessio Davis, was called, nnd, cross oxamined by Mr. Mclntosh, stated thnt sho saw Hettio (the aoeused) with tho musio book, produced, aud saw her tuke it out, of her box on tho night she came to tho houso. Also snw her sowing tbo jacket in tho kitchen while Mrs. Lloyd waa present. Thoy always had plenty of food to eat. Accused wns in the habit of going out very frequently at night, but she never brought buck any food, though one time sho returned with some grapes. On tho night of tho robbery, sbo (witness) was told to sleep uphtairs instead of .her own room, ns -it was thought that the girl (accused) would como back in the dead of night. To tbo'foremitn of the jury : The window was not broken beforo tho night of the robbery. Accused often wont' out an:l camo by iu tho door sometimes by the window. , Tho jury again retired nnd at 10.10 roturned with a verdict of not guilty. ' ? ' 'The foreman suid he desired on behulf of tho jury to thunk lilt Honor for the' very olear manner in which be hud placed tbo cnso-beforei the.jury and for-lbe pains he had tnken to' render all tbo a^sistuneo in bis power. His Honor said he was alwuys anxious to help tbo jury in every way ho possibly ; could. Tho verdict they had arrived ut was the only one they could under tho circumstances satis factorily agroo upon. He 'thanked them for. the great care they had bestowed on the,(;'lae and formally discharged' them. Turning to ? tho girl Elliott be &aid; : You have been acquitted by lhe jury and .1 hopo indeed that it.wilf uct us a caution to you iu the future It is not certain that you intended to steal anything cr you may. have aoted very differently. ,:I must caution , you against following tho mode of life you havo been pur suing lately You havo been acting in a very wrong and foolish manner and if you persist in such a line of conduet-you will certainly be punished. I do not know now whether or net you will not be yet punished for the unneces sary and scandalous perjury you havo com mitted in tbo witness box as to the manner in wbioh you had boen . treated by .'Dr. Brown's family. Every one knows that there is not tho shadow of a foundation for the malicious assertions you made in that box. You stated on oith that you-hud been starred, that money was left about in order to tempt tho servants to take it, and that jou had uot been .paid. Everyone, oven you yourself knew thnt when you uttered those untruths lhat they .were ab solutely without foundation, and, that tho treat ment that Dr. Brown's family gave their servants was altogether different, and that they wero always treated the same as servants should bo in every well ordered household, I hope you will be more caraful in tho future. I am not at all sure that . it would not have' been bettor for you to havo been kept in cus tody for somo time longer, but in returning tho verdiot thoy did the juiy acted perfeotly right on tho evidence before them* How you oau go. STEALING. Charles Dutch, who was ' defended by Mr. Wilfred Bluckett, instructed 'by Mr. Aspinall, pleaded uot guilty to an indictment oharging him without, ho' did on April 3rd last nt Glndeevillo steal poition of a oart tho property of John Edwin Lenry. Previous to tbo opening of tbo case Mr. BJnokolt said that as part of Iho defence was that the curt was tbo propi-rly of tho uceuaed ho would Buggost that tbo portion of tbo vohiclo in disputo should ha brought into court 60 tint tho witneBsea could be exumined en the various parts. Tho rart win produced. Jlr. Diiweon in opening tho casii Biikl that Mr. (lenry was a eoachbuilder currying on biiBiueas at Gludoavillo iu premises portion of which bo rented to the accused Charles Dutch at os fld per wool; Io carry on his business of a blacksmith. On th;i morning of April 3rd ltiet Dutch and a boy went to lltnry's promises and removed tho body of the cait, produced, und told tho yuuugetur that if auyboiy said anything to him about moving the cart to say lhat lie know nothing. He (Mr. Duwson) hnd reason to believe thiit tho dofenco would bo Hint a claim would be ant up to the proporty and of course if that claim oould bo suliMtnntw j tod thoy or.uld rot lind him ('iiilty of hrceny. I John Edwin Henry stiitod 'that on th-. morn | ing of April 3rd lust ho went to bis premises and saw ihiit tho body of the cart li'id bosn removed and lo'irned that it whh in Dutch's yard. Dutch Imd tho order for nviking tho ™-t nnd ho ('.vilnos.-) wun building it for him. They hml an n^rtonient thiit Dutch v.-r.s to do nil iron work for witntss and ho wna to do all wood worl; for Dutch. Tho acciui-d supplied nil tbo nah work in Ih,. enr.1, he (witness) supplied thn ro-t. Credited nccii'-od wiih tho cost t.f i,l,n nsh 7h Cd. Had sent bin, u bill for tlid work ho hud iloiifs. On April 2nd lhe cart was roudy to bum' ovr (o tbo accused and sent him lhe hill for £10 VJrf lid (items put in) The price of the work doi.e . tho piignel cart whs ,-CO 15-1 Ii'hh 7s fid the price of tho ash sup plied. Whon ho found tho curt ;;ono he wont to Constable Kosn and from BOmethini? lm w.u told hr, wont to Mr. 1JO!«; (Hyde) ami |oo!t out un illegrtl detention ordor. Wont back to Dutch and paid ' Dutch I've como over to get possession of that body you took.' Ho hung bis head and tnid 'tbn't know what you mean.' Said ' 'Wall if you don't know I havo to leavo you this ordor' at the sanw timo giving him the detention order. Never save nnyc.no any authority to take away tho cart. To Mr. Blackelt: 1 had no row with Hutch on tho 2nd April. Ho wanted to light nip, about having n padlock nn tho gal p. I did not tell him on April '.!? to clear out find rnko (ill Jiin Iliinirn with him. On April 1 as I (mild not get a settli un nt, with him I lold bun T wmld put a i.ew padlock on the gate. Ho «;ud'uh,ii about i.iy luoM ' and I replied ''I've goi nothing to do with vour tools.' Wilne swn-i fnrthei nun e\\.imiued by Mr. Blackctt to show rh.if tho p'litiii wph- roiilly partner-, in the Ijiiiint !-? mil th.il ttie whole prosecution nio-e i.ul ot u di -i^iom.u nt, over iome Im-ii'cstii.in;.' 'in nl-. William Veiinei Muted that 'no vns working for Dutch in April la,t am! \\.r.n 'till woikiug for him. About 3 a.m. on April 3 he wont with Dutch to tho shop and saw him push the door open with his bund. Dutch asked him to move tbo curt und he did so, they also took other artioles whic-i ho thought wero Dutch's. Thoy carried tbo tilings over to Dutch's who then auid to wittier ' If Henry cays anything to you about tbo cart, any you know nothing about it and toll him to como to me.' On April 2 Henry looked tbo gate and they, had to ahoo horses out in lhe road. To Mr. Blackett : I heard Henry say ' I'll open tho gate if you'll t'iko your things out as soon as yon like.' Previous to that hoard him say tojDutcb 'dear out as soon as you like' and heard tho latter answer ' I will as soon ns loan.' ? ;Crown Preaeotuor : That's tho taso your Honor. . . * Judge : Well tho more tho csse goes on tho less it. looks like larceny. , ,- ? . Crown .Presecutor : I think '.bo too your Honor. ., , , JudgB : I did net .like to direct .the jury bsforo -but I shall now esk them to roturn a' verdict of not, guilty. - . Such -a verdiot was accordingly ensured aud his Honor suid : 'Dutch you are discharged and ,1 must sny thut there 'is not tho slightest shadow of a suspicion against your honesty, not the ghost of a suspicion, and shouldjthis charge bo ever brought lip against you you can makouseof the words I have now uttered. I order lho- cart, to. bo.doHrertd to the person in whoso possession' tho polico found it. ? 