Land Taxation. Sm,-~ Mr. Schulstad is quite correct, when he says that a land tax will not prove a pan-' ncea for all the ills with which, the colony is afflicted. But the same can be' said of Protection, Freetrado, Federation, &c;, &c;, each of which has strong advocates who claim that the adoption of their particular fad will go a long way towards minimising the, present distress. The champions of a land, tax don't contend that any. form of taxation in that direction must necessarily prove an unmixed blessing ; and they are not prepared to swallow any Bill dealing with the subject llolua bolus, but they main tain (while admitting that anomalies will occur) that on a reasonable basis it is easy for the .capitalist who dreads tho 'incidence of a laud tax to alarm or raise the fears of the unthinking by the cry of ' wolf,' and make them believe that its operations will lead to their ruin,' when in reality it is his own pocketihe is protecting. Any measure brought forward, which, meets with'' tjif strenuous opposition of the moneyed dosses can s^felyj.oqj reckoned .on; a« containing much that would benefit the masses, while on the other hand any proposals that meet with their hearty, support must be viewed with suspicion by the democratic portion of the community. Man is essentially a selfish animal,' and the aim of each section appears to be the avoiding of their own share of taxation arid the passing of it on to' the other. fellow. Mr. Keid's proposed exemp: tion of £475 in his land taxation scheme seems to partake 'of this character, and on this account is condemned by those who believe in the principle of fair play. Each man should pay his own share of taxation ; and tho mere fact that a man has accumu lated a -lot of this world's goods , in tho shape of real estate, is no reason' why he should be called upon to keep the whole machinery of the colony in motion by pro viding all the sinews of war. If, through faulty legislation in the past, monopolies in land have been created or rendered pos sible, that is not sufficient cxcubo for tho adoption of harsh or arbitrary laws that would ro.siilt in the spoliation of the rich simply because they are rich. From this standpoint I contend that if ever a tax on land values eventuates, there should be . no .exemptions, but that it should be so grad uated as to bear as lightly as possible on the individual least able to bear it ; and tho principal reason why I would advocate such a tax at all is to prevent or check the rapacity of land monopolists, who are' tak ing unfair advantage of the people's poverty and purchasing land for speculative pur poses, and to compel the same fraternity to put tho heritage of the people to its legiti mate uso, or pay for their whistles in default. At the same time I am ,not pre pared to accept this tax under all conditions, and in view of the fact that the fiscal policy of the colony is to be entirely changed, and absolute Fre'etrade to be the order of the day, its fairness is questionable. Mr. Reid, us a believer in unrestricted trade, is per fectly justified in placing an impost on real estate, as he feels satisfied that his policy will enhance the value of holdings, better the condition of the tiller of the soil, and lead to the accumulation . of wealth by colonists generally. But to those who can not see eye to eye with him on tho fiscal question, but who anticipate results directly antipodean, under the new regime, the question assumes quite a different aspect. Farmers and landowners generally contend that bringing them in direct competition with' the coloured and prison labor of tho world ? must be to their distinct disadvan tage; and they argue, with some show of reason, that to tax their holdings at the same time is the essence of cruelty. Free traders assure us that under their glorious policy the financial equilibrium of the col ony will be quickly restored and things will hum ; but before accepting their views on the question as absolutely correct, we must bring ourselves to believe that the great majority of the world's inhabitants are fools. There is no getting away from this fact. Personally, I don't believe that either policy must necessarily prove a country's or colony's salvation, irrespective of tho methods of internal legislation, and I be lieve (and have always contended) that too much time is wasted in wrangling over the fiscal question, while weightier matters are neglected. A fiscal policy we must have, but the only effectual way of deciding it is 1-3' tho adoption, of the referendum on the question. But to return to the land tax. When the majority of our fellow colonists, who have declared in favor of the removal of Customs duties, prove that that action will prove beneficial to farming communi ties, the objections to laud taxation will disappear to a great extent. Viewed calmly and dispassionately it is not the bugbear it at first sight appears, and although no doubt cases can be cited in which its incidence will be apparently oppressive, tho same can be said of any form of taxation under the sun. Mr. Schulstad refers to the firm of Holdsworth, M'Pherson and Co. as a case in point and argues that land taxation would in that instance revolve on the heads of tho working classes, as wages would be reduced. Temporarily, perhaps, it would, but the increased facilities for getting on the soil, brought about by the operations of this tax, would far counterbalance, the evil results, and the colony would be the gainer. What makes land in George-street reach as high a figure as £500 a foot, but the cursed system of centralisation in vogue in the past 1 I contend that land taxation would go far towai'ds promoting decentralisation, and the 'greatest good to the greatest number ' would be the result. If the ' rise in prices ' mentioned by Mr. S. would eventuate consequent on this tax, it would lead to an increase in the number of manu factories or producers, and in this way a greater amount of employment would be offered in which the workers would parti cipate. Re the case mentioned of the man who built a £1000 house on an acre of land worth £100, little need be said. If he choose to spend his money in that way it is his'business and is far more profitable to investing it in land and locking it up. The colony would be a gainer to a certain ex tent by the improvements effected, and the employment afforded in the building itself. Regard for your space prevents me from enlarging on this question to any further extent, but enough has been written to set people thinking, and if all would free their minds from bias — and not act like a lot of frightened sheep, who magnify a very harm less object into a ghost,- until one, more venturesome than his fellows, leads the way — the question would stand a chance of being decided on its merits. There are those who condemn it utterly as a thing accursed, without rhyme or reason, and there are others who hail it as a panacea .for all ills. Extremists are to be found on all questions, and this one forms no excep tion. In my political tour through the electorate many phases of the question were presented to my mind by the medium of questions askitd, which have furnished much food for thought, and I rejoice that the subject is still further ventilated through the Press, as thereby much good can bo effected. — I am, &a;, D. CAMERON. If you suffer from liver complaint in any form,' try ' Cavanough's Liver Tonic. It will cure you.* Visitors to Svdsev. — When visiting Syd uey you requiro the most modern accommoda tion at the most moderate prices. Visit the Sydney Coffkk Palace Hotfj,, Silt John Younu's Ckesobnt, Lowkk Domain, and be careful not to confuse this establishment with noisy uncomfortable places in Sydnoy. Cut this out when going to Sydney. Tariff: .Single Room per week— Without Hoard, 15e ; wi tli Board, 25s and 30s ; Board and Bed, per day, Us; Men Is, lsOd. Spacious Rooms, with two Single Beds, suit two friends, 26s ench per week, board and residence. Double Bed room, man and wife, 30s each per week, board and residence. Private Suites of Rooms, ranging from 4gs. per week, or 8s (Id a day, board and residence. Smoking, Commercial, Sitting and Music Rooms, Baths, &c.; J. A. Quin, Proprietor. ? Cavanough's Liver Touio is a certain cure for jndi(je»liou »nd »H liver complaint*.* , ' '? 