DR. PARKER ARD THE POPE. AN INTERESTING LETTER. Dr. Joseph Parker, the well-known London Congregational Minister, has addressed the following answer to the' Pope in reply to the reoent letter of His Holiness « The City Temple. London, t October 9,1895. . Ho'y Father,-As your most graoious letter to the people cf England deepiy touched my heart and drew forth my best feeling towards your Holiness, this must be my reason for attempting the otherwise presomptoas task of endeavouring to make some personal reply to your graoions overtures. As to its dignity, it* spiritual forvonr, and its paetoral aolici tnde, toe letter oannot bnt be regarded as in every aspect wcrthy of the illustrions Pontiff of tue Bomen Oburob. In the name of God Almighty and His only Bon, Christ Jesus, whom w« in common humbly adore and strive, though in extreme weakness, to serve, I aek to be permitted to thank your Holiness for a pastoral BO strong in large-minded desire and so tinder in simple und afEesting aathoB. Your Holiness will not disdain the approach of a solitary Protestant parsou, working within the linea of English nonconformity, who adores the Incarnate Son of Sod as the Eternal and Only Head of the Church redeemed by His precious blood, and gathered into one spiritual body from every nation nuder Heaven. If I could be satisfied to pay personal homage to illustrions learning and still more illustrions piety, and , to prostrate myself before incomparable historical splendour, I know not to whom I oonld more unreservedly offer my . bumble tribute than to your Holi- ness. But when I seek to ea'.isfy an infinitely larger responsibility, and to expresa an infinitely deeper faith, I turn to tte living Lord of the Church who permits me, by the unspeakable condescension of His grace, to commune with Him in penitenoe and lowli- ness of heart. I know no Head of the Church but the atnoified and ascended Christ. I know no real and lasting union but the indwelling cf the Holy Ghost equal in power and glory with tho Father and the Son- I obey no authority but the Word and Bule of Him gut est imago Dei invisibilis, primo genitus-omnis creatûro- ipeè est ante omites, et omnia in ipso constant, ? Holy Father, if tbis were a merely per- sonal matter, I could hardly forgive myself for seeking to approach a presenoe so august and so venerable ; but, inasmuch aa yon have appealed to all sections' of the iinglieh people upon questions which affect the very standing of the eoul before Ged, I hava em- boldened myself to bear witness to the Head- ship of the Blessed Christ and to decline oomaunion with any man or any Churoh that would officially or' prescriptively come be- tween me and my Saviour, nor can I charge myself with presumption in asenricg your Holiness that this is substantial y the posi- tion of all Protestant English Christians. It has be<m my moBt solicitous desire to express myself in terms of reverential courtesy towards the personal dignity of your Holiness, and, if possible, my still intenser deidre to meko it olear that Protestantism is neither a prejudice nor a whim, hat a deep and un- changeable expression of loyalty to what it solemnly and gratefully regards as the will of the Triune God. I pray yon, Holy Father, not to despise me as a heretic, but to regard me as one who daily desires to know and to exemplify the truth aB it is in Jesus. As I wit-h lo appear before your Holiness in my true colour«, it may be right that I should add tint the Arch- bishop of Canterbury would disallow the validity of my " orders " as detioctly as your Holiness would sceptically regard tbs Arch- bishop's pretensions. Nevertheless, it ie my supremeet joy to believe that by the spirit of God foetus sum minister secundas donum gratio Dei, quo data est mihi eeewndum pperationem virtutis ejus. With all personal homage, Tour Holiness's humble servant, I JOSEPH PARKER. 