— MY AUNTB '/LWECTGTHE. . oz aroaos Dovnrnta cmucr. ' ' ' Tho following inoident is a strictly frfo, ; aosount of an ad venture that happoned to my, - . ' aunt, moro than fifty yeara ago, in tho aity. : Ol London. , ; ' We woro all gathored around tho Chriat-| mas fire, aud, 03 was our wont, after tho fes-l , tivitios of the day, were tolling guost atoriea. , , ;.. It was a Bort of custom in our family to telli-. . woird and ghostly tales on that evening, Oni . . - this partioular night our Aunt Alioo was! ; presont, and after somo persuading, con-'v . seated to tell us something that happened tol her when a girl "What I am going to toll io not a, ghost j; V , story. It is an advonturo that befell me many j l v . years ago, when 'Burking' was a oommon- - . crime. No doubt you all know what thas means, ns a case ooourred-not long ago in .. .- Baltimore. For thoro who do not understated , r.\ I will explain. v' ! "In thoro days the opportunities of pro- ' ./ ouring bodies for medioal exposition, and '/i'./;,;. instruction wero limited. Tho Btudonta and . : professoro wore therefore aompellod to rsBbrt , ( to all eorts of underhand means, suoh as 1 robbing ohurcbyards and rifling tombs.. Out bodies could not bo prooured (net enough' even by each means. Thero now appeared'; - V ' a man who invented a plan lor whiob ha ; ; bcoacne notorious. A fellow called Burke., .' This wretoh would biro somo ruffian to eten.ll. . v." up behind a man or women and throw a , powerful sticking plaster sover his viotim'a mouth. Strangulation would shortly enena . ; and tho murderer wonld thon tako the bodyj ' ' to somo medical college and sell it for n' higtil prioe, as it would bo freo from all fraoture.i This was what we understood by 'Burking,'' and, alas I it bcaountod only too truly for many of tho mysterious disappearances iu . ; those days. " Wo wove living.at the timo of my-adven v . tare in tbo heart of tho'Modern Babylon.',, One night father and I woro left alone in thbl : : honse, tho rest of tbe family having gono to, visit soma friends. Wo were talking together; . in bis study, when be suddenly remembered1 . tbat he had an important communication to . give to my uncle. " ' Ob, ohild. I nm sorry they have gono. ' . out?' ho cxclaimod. " 'Why?' I asked. - N Yuur undo should havo got that letter, without fail to-night, and now it is impoa-i sible.' ')' "'Cannot I go?' j : "'Absurd I No, ohild, under no oitoum.' , ,- stanoea.1 , 1 , , " ' Oh, but father,' I continued, ' you know . it is not for to uncle's, and the streets are : - lighted nil the way. ImuBtgo. I shan't bo : moro than half an hour; nothing on earth can happen to me.' ' " I am afraid 1 wan rather fond of hav- ing my own way in thosodayn; for go 1- . . did, with tbe parting admonition, 'Don't etay at your unolo's, but hurry homo,' ring ing in my ears. " My unolo's house was abont a milofrom ours. There wore two ways of getting to it ; one, by a rand, -although it took longer, was woil lighted; tho other was by a oroas-cutl through numerous small street and alloys. " Tho night was oold and damp. After a brisk walk I reached my unolo's, gavo my message and the valuable letter, and was about to go when one ot my cousins, running up to mo, eaid, — " ' Oh, Annie, oan't yon Btop a minute ana seo my new dress?" "' Well I'll stop ono minute and no longer,', . "Biteone minute wbb prolonged to two, and two to throe, and stiU I lingered, Tho' new drees was solabsorbing a topio that ib- bad bauiahed my father's wordB ontireiy from my mind. I do not know how long I should . have stayed had not my eye at Inst oaught sight of tho olook, and X saw to my dismay! that it waa half-past nine. Tho parting) words of my father oamo to ray mind, and JU wos hoartily sorry for my tboughless die obedience. , . " ' Ob, girls, I muet go 1 don't say another) 1 - wordl Good- by.' ' ' . - - " Throwing on ray oloal: and seizing toy, bat, I ruohed down stairs. I alraoBt ran now.' in my haste to mako up for lost timo. . Suddenly tho thought, 1 siuoo you are so late, why not take tho shorty cut?' cacao to my- mind, aud I acted upon it immediately. "Thero wero only a few peoplo in tho; streets as 1 walked home, and thoy aoemcd to got lower as I approached wbat had bson| pointed out to mejas ' Thioves' Alley.' Basil gloomy little shop3, whioh Dickens eoi marvellously dcaorihss in bis great works,j nnd past numeroua odd turnings, I hurried.? Through Thievou' Alley,' quiet as a mouee, | I stole I had passed tuo worst now, D thought. " 1 next earns to a street bounded on both! sides by dilapidated bouses. The plaoe was, bo silent that X heard tho eoho of my own) footsteps. I do not know what it was, but' a feeling of impending danger ro fell upon, my mind I stopped and listened Tho strestt. was silent and deserted. 1 crapt along withg eyo and ear strainod to oatoh tho slightest ' sound. 1 bad readied tlia middle of tho block when I heard a stop behind me. Be fore I could look around my arms worai , seized, and a terrible weight was pressing! into my baok. 1 triod to soream bat my.! throat seemed paralyzed with fright. I was in the hands ot one oi the 'Burko' gang! He had been lying in wait for me, and would! kill me 1 . " Oh, tho horror of that momont ! I shall never forget it. Thorulfiaa tl.on began to- . draw my arms together. I saw liis purpose, . Ho wanted to hold my arms with one hand,j bo that with tho otbor he might put tho dreaded plaster on my face. Suddonly- a . thought— it was God-given oomo to my mindi If I oould wrenoh my arme free -at thai momont bo would hold thom with his one hand I might escape. 8lowly he brought my arms together. Hia powerful band waa . already graBping my wrists when, with all tho norvous passion of diepeir, I throw my two fists baok ovor my shoulders, and atruak;. - the villain lull in the faoe. An oath, followed - -by a (all, was all I heard, I flow. Girlsoan . run ate well as boys sometimes. But horror !! the wreteb was following mo. Footsteps rattled on the pavement behind. I tore on, but my breath was going, My pursuer was), , rapidly approaohing, etiil I reoled on, when- , V rapture never to bo forgotten — I saw a- 'peeler,' (that was what they odlled a' police-1- ' man in thoee dayB) opproaohing. Tho foot." ; ' steps behind me stoppod, I was saved I : ' j;:. "I gained the highway and roadbed; on»/,;i£ honse. In order to gain the mutant atten-1: tion of those inside, I thrast my arm throughi/.v , the front window. Thoro was a draBh, and T , ... fell fainting on the bteps. Father osmo run-l ; . ningoatand oarricd no. in, where-aftcr a r lime I told him all. "That is my adventure; and in conclusion,',. my annt continued, " I trust no ono of you : '; will ever have to undergo suoh anV:ex. perience," \ Tom Campbell once told an tamuBing -', . story of an incident that had . happened i-to i. - ; . c bim in a email country inn when- travelling" i in Scotland. Ho bad. bieen-'stoppOByjitho;'-;:';'.'-. weather In the afternoon, hnd.dincdjVand, In. ''» dulgcd himself wit ha toothpick.to while'.-., v. away the idle nfter-bouw ' 1 J',- - Enter chambermaid': "Sir(if you>. please, -"!,U aro you dune with tbo toothpick ?"ii)',-: , < ' ' Why do you ask?, I suppose'I.may. pfofci',,'",?,.''' away na long as I like 2" v "Na, na, ye canna dae that, 'sir,\ft;jt;6s.s4rt5 langs to tho . olub, aud thoy..:b'ao;ib'eeuJjmes,!f amaist on hour I" Tho following etory of Scotoh ' puipit iriticism used to be told by an. eminent ; iivina : '/ til ' p A clergyman in tbo countryhad a straneor >/ ' t preaobing for him one day nnd- meeting Ihis - v. . beadle, eaid to him : .. :''< u'rl " Well, Saunders, how did you' liko ww . ;'': '!. ocrmoa to-day ? " - 'i. « I must say, sir, it was rather over. plain'; '< sund simple for mo. I li'.3> tliao sermons best' ; . , that jumbles tho joodgement' and confounds'; , '& -tho aenae. Ob, nir, I never saw anc that could'. rv ;coso UU t" Yiraal' at that." ;. 'j Prince Blsmarlt is tho most decorated,. ; man inEaropo. Should ho ovor appear wee»-| fug insignia ol all the orders ooufomee npeaj p|m-hnveiBMgS82BriaOga'ifoteaaii:'JE8»», 