ONLY A CAPTAIN. I 'At the meeting of two ways in a country district of France, an old bent woman, in a long, grey, hooded cloak, was stumbling aiong. Capt. La toon pulled his panting horse to its haunches as a face, wrinkled and malevolent, like that of the witch in the stories, was raised to his—a vestige of a woman, a ■'The way to Vilie de Louis, my good •woman?” A shrivelled hand half raised itself from the grey cloak, showing that it bore a bundle of boughs; the face was more malevolent; the eyes deep and j flashing out of their faded pupils. i "Ah, my fine officer,” these seemed to say, “you would know, you shall not— you who have ruined our crops, our homes. What matters whether French or German, do you not stand for the war which destroys?" As a matter of fact the woman said nothing, only turned away after that glance. “The virgins and the saints! I might as well ask a deaf mute. Which? The right or the left?" With characteristic recklessness he risked the left-hand road. The twilight deepened, his eyes closed, his legs fell languidly over the flanks of his steed, and this devastated region of the Loire faded from his sight. Again it was Paris, gay and beautiful. Again Pleasure held the alluring cup. And where were the estates in Nor mandy! An abyss of debt yawned be fore the last Count Latoon. A lunge forward, downward, and the rider was rising from the dust, wide awake, while the bay horse rolled over, with twitching muscles following a con vulsive tremor of the limbs. Looking, about, a flickering light caught his eye. Approaching, he saw that the light came from the second story of a rambling stone dwelling. He pushed the door farther on its creaking hinges and entered. There were half-filled wine-glasses, a half dozen chairs hastily pushed back. Something strangely like a wail led him to drop a mouthful. Desperation and the wish to find some guide, food, or a place to rest had justi fied his intrusion; but now all centred in a devouring curiosity. With his hand on a pistol he stole toward the mysterious door, which he flung open. “Pardon me, but I am seeking a guide. This must pardon the intrusion,” said Capt. Latoon. Blinded by a sudden glare from the candle in a tall brazen candlestick, he first became aware of a glove on the polished floor, and beside it a little rid ing whip. Then he saw a high-posted bedstead with the curtains drawn back, and a slim, graceful figure in a blue riding habit stretched over something that lay motionless on the counterpane. 1 How lorg he remained there he could not have told. A movement of the grieving, woman caused a revulsion, and he realised that he was an intruder. He stepped backward, his spur clanking. , to close the door on this scene which his presence profaned. Turning about on his heel, Latoon saw a tall young woman, her blue costume ; falling in folds that revealed a graceful figure. “Mademoiselle, pardon my clumsy in trusion, I am Felix Latoon, Count de Latoon in Normandy, and a captain of the Hussar?. I lost mxw.ay.and being naustion a nair hour ago—I came wards the nearest light—yours. I could make no one hear; I thought the place deserted.” “Tour intrusion is pardonable,” she interrupted, a weariness of the world showing in her voice. "They are all gone—fled or deserted—except we three,’ and she pointed to the figure on the counterpane. "Mademoiselle,” interrupted Felix, bowing low, “I trust you may deem me a gentleman. As one I would proffer you my service." “M. Latoon, as you call yourself, he, there—so still, so terrible, O, so terrible— is my father. We were fleeing from the Germans and we became separated, my father, our servant and I, from the others. As best we could—he was sud denly stricken sick—the man and I took my father here to this house, your dwel ling, perhaps, which we found aban doned. Our servant went to search for some one, for a doctor. He hardly was gone when my father was taken as you see him now, so still! so horrible!” With a sob she threw herself beside her dead. Felix closed the door softly on this sorrowing woman. This was not the same Felix Latoon who had sounded"the brazen knocker of the dwelling; no longer did the shadows seem to harbor some ghostly mystery, for he had seen the real fact of death and suffering. Felix had discovered something more and of deeper import than all of his philosophy. Latoon went about the empty rooms, which were full of chill and musty smells. He discovered another candle in the dining-room, a bottle of wine, and the fuel. Might she not be fearful of him? Had his explanation been enough? So he questioned as he knocked timidly. “Mademoiselle,” said Latoon humbly, before her sorrow, “I will watch for you, if you can rest. X have prepared the next room for you as best X could. It will be as well for you if you can rest.” “Ah, sir, but I cannot. My dead is here. I will stay with him until my friends come.”' . “If you will trust me," he began again, gently. “Would you not better try to rest? I will watch for you. You will find the morrow hard enough, and can I not prevail on you to prepare for it as best you may?” Reaching the door, she turned gravely to him: “I will accept your kindness; for I can but—. I must trust you.” The candle sputtered and flickered. The watcher fell into a vague drowse. He thought he was in Normandy, and Pedro, the hound, was lying at his feet, while a little dried old woman, his mo ther’s maid, told him ghost stories. One of the narratives was his own recent ex perience. “And the house vanished utterly,” went on Annette's .quivering tone. Or was it Annette? Was it not the old grey woman he had met at the cross roads? But she faded, and he was at a great ball in Paris. He could distin guish the faces, the chatter of voices, the inflections, the scent of roses. “Bah, women are dolls, playthings, sawdust marionettes, ah, ah!” Boisboy, the clever Boisboy, was saying. Felix then noticed a' sweet, charming sad face, a graceful figure, turned to wards him; Boisboy's sneer was hideous. That fair face gave Boisboy the lie, and he had slapped his friend’s smiling face. The music crashed. They grappled. The whole ballroom a glare of faces—and— “Monsieur!” The sleeper sprang up, shaking the stiffness from his limbs, rubbing the sleep from his heavy eyes. A man dressed as a priest was shaking I«atoon by the shoulders. i >, ., , T it E t t 3 I t 1 ] i 1 1 i I J ( J t f ii t ii t c t ■ "M. Latoon, you have fallen asleep j with weariness.” The phantoms of the night were gone. The figure on the counterpane had lost its weirdness. Latoon "bowed to the cler gyman, as becomes a devout believer. “Father, I was tired, and I must have ^ slept.” j ( "A great man died last night, M. La- ( toon; the last, save one, of a noble j 1 He leaned toward the silent figure on j the bed. > “Monsieur—Capt. Latoon, the bereaved j young lady has told me of your good | service. Monsieur, I would thank you j for the family of the Duke, and for her, ( the mourner.” •• # Felix bowed, saddened, for he thought « ' suddenly he might never see again the ■ young lady whom fortune had cast in his path only to snatch away. “Capt. Latoon, you are in haste to re- i sume your journey. A horse and guide are at the door to carry you to the army . of the Loire..” i And Capt. Latoon saw in these ur bane accents a polite dismissal. ! “May I not bid good-bye to the young ( ; lady?” “She commissioned me to express her , gratitude.” “Yes, I will not disturb the mourner. J I will take up my Journey,” assented Felix. ; a few years, later Col. Latoon. fresh ! from service in Algiers, caught a glimpse of a face in a carriage on the Avenue du Bois du Boulogne. “Who may that lady be?” he asked of his companion. “Do you not know? Ah, you have been in Algiers. Mile. Claire de Chan ' tillon.” But Latoon knew that charming face, ’ which could belong to only one person in the world. He managed in some way to meet her, . and they who know the story declare i that through the adventure of a night an impoverished Count of Normandy, a colonel from Algiers, won, over many “ suitors, the richest heiress of France.— “New York News.” 