SIFTINGrS FROM OUR EX- CHANGES Woel has advanced from£ I to a Id per pound. Rise in copper—£45 15s ; being a rise of £1 7s 6d. Great Britain has annexed Trinidade, and Brazil is incensed. Earthquake shocks at Kapunda and Eudunda last week. The Japs want the Chinese to pay the indemnity ia London. Rev James Bickford's library bequeathed to Prince Alfred College. Surveyor Hargraves, of St Kilda, hung himself. Financial troubles. No confidence motion in New Zealand. Parliament defeated, 43 to 20. In Jipan 9,000 neople have been attacked with cholera, and 5,000 are deid. A hotel at Palmers ton North fN.Z.) burnt. Two men perished. Other inmates escaped Explosion in a coal mine in Prussia. Twenty killed and 12 imprisoned by fall of earth. There has been a popular demonstration in Maoedo iia. Russia praised, Turkey con- demned- A very farvorable notice in the 'Tiser of one of Mr E. W. (Ernie) Christmas's pictures. Mr Ash too pertinacious m the Supreme Couit, and got a sharp rap over the knuckles. rhe Times fE.) welcomes the decision of the New South Wales elections in favjr of free-trade. Mr Grainger. M P . said a word of two syllables in the House last week and apologised for ii next. day. Alexander Kemplay, of Perth (W.A.). took strychnine and died. Drink and financial troubles the ca'ise. A poor spec— The Gleeliuntly railway station (V.), broken into ; safe taken away and broken open ; results, 2s 8 1. A farmer at Preston (V.) while blasting loss with dynamits was blown to pieces by the premature explosion of a charge. The insurgents in Macedonia have capturel Menlik. a town of 6,000 inhabitants, and burned the Turkish quarter of the town- The Oloncurry on her last trip to the " West " lost 92 bullocks. 17 horses, and 100 sheep. She encountered very heavy gales. An old man at the Destitute Asylum attempted to cut his throat with a blunt knife, and failed. He is committed for trial The Minister of Education has been invited to visit Wallaroo and Kadina on August 7. — Arbor day atKadinj, and lecture at each place. Georgre Briwn got a 204 oz. notrget at Nusreetty Gully neir Yandoil (V.) He got a 24 oz nii»£ret, three months ago from the same localitv. A ghost has been frig-htenine the women and children of South Yarra (V.), but the police caught him. He was got up in a hideous st> le. At Wilcannia several young men were sentenced to from ihree to ssven davs imprisonment for throwing eg»s and flour at the recent elections. The embalmed remains of Mr G. E- Fulton has been brought hack from Western Au»tra'ia, and was accorded a large funeral on Friday a r ternoon last.. At the annual meeting of the Southern Cross npwspaner Coy. on Mondav evening, the report arid balance sheet showed a profit of 20 per cent, for the past year. At (Jrroroo on Tuesday morning a man, name unknown, quarrelled with another man named Jones and shot him in t.he leg with a revolver. He has been arrested. On Tuesdav morning at 7.30. the first sod was turned for the foundations of the new Tradps Hall io the presence of all the labor members of both Houses of Parliament. The Glads tone Bo^ri of ^dvice on Tuasday last resolved " That owing to the scant couite«y extended to the board by the authorities . . , the members resign in a bodv." George Staples, Preston. (V), a farmer (sin the charge entering under the chin went through the skull and bram killing him instantly. In the resoue work at the ftfcEvoy Mine Thompson's body has been recovered. He was found 300 yards from where he was working, and had made a desperate attempt to escape. Hark .jindsar anl EI ward Benson, the second mate and watchman of the. ship Hil*rii, which was recently burnt, are committed for trial for having wilfully set fire to that vesiel. At Quorn recently, in the after dinner speeches and toasts, "The Ladies" was responded to by a lady, and " The Gentleman " was proposed and supported by t-vo oter ladies. Ta Coolgardie there are 14 hotels—always full. Meals. 3s ; drinks, is ; boxiue matches, admission £3 and £1 ; football matches, Sunday afternoons, which attract large crowds. A train in France, conveying pilgrims to a shrine, left the line ; several^ of the carriages were literally telescoped and smashed to splinters ; 12 were killed and 50 seriously injured. A cruel hoax—-Mrs Henry Taylor, of Bald Hills (V.), was told that her son was drowned in a WAterhole. She fainted and is still un concious, and the worst result* are fearad ad she was in a delicate condition. 01 iver Jenlcinson's dor rushed o ; il and attacked the horse harnessed to a trap containing Carl. A. VYuttbe and his wife, and an accident resultel. Wuttke claimed £56 3s Od damages. The Mount Barker Court awarded £22 5s 0.1. Moral—Look after your dog's public conduct. On the question of deducting the percentage from the overtime of the Customs officers, the first division was taken in the Legislative Council, when there were four for and 15 against the deduction. In Japan a trun while passing along a sea wall during a gale was struck by several immense waves. The train was divided and the front portion overturned into the sea and over 140 invalided soldiers therein were drowned Deeming outdone.—In Chicago thirteen women disappaared whilst eehabiting with a man named Holmes, who disa peared and whom the police are now unable to find. Three of the bodies were found buried in quicklime in the cellar of the tenement house where he lived. London manufactures £2,003,000 worth of umbrellas every year. Annually £2,000,000 worth of German toys are sold in Great Britain. At Mount Gambier at the christening of the infant son of Mr and Mrs William Hay, jun, there were prsseDt besides the parents, the child's grandparents, and great grandparents who were hale and hearty. Many of our readers will learn with regret that " Bob," the railway dog. is dead. He died suddenly at Adelaide at 3.10 on Menday afternoon. Aged 17 years. He had only a day or two before returned from a trip to Broken Hill. The wife of the Manager of the Cobar Branch of the Australian Joint Stock Bank found a dynamite cartridge, with capped fuse attached and which had been lit, on the door step of their private house on Thurs- day evening 25th July. Foreman Cleveland and Chief-Fireman Wooley says the fire at Menz's in Wakefieldstreet, Adelaide, was burning at two distinct parts of the building, and this is supported by Mr Superintended Book?r, The Jury returned an open verdict. At the Col hngwood (V.J Police Court on Monday last. Alice Brown was sentenced to three month's imprisonment for perjury— in connection with the case m which Edwin McMahon was charged with criminally assaulting her. The judge remarked that her false statements might have cost McMahon his life. The inauguial fi?ld trial and show held at Bute on Wednesday was a success. The weather was good and the attendance was about 2,000. Several members of the Central Bureau were present and nine branches were represented. The. ploughing and the show of horses was very good. Mr John Dunn, of Mount Barker, left £400 to New Guinea Missions. The Church ef England having claimed part of the bequests, the Trustees referred the matter to the Supreme Court. But in view of the manifest intention of the testator, the Bishop ordered a withdrawal of the claim. Detective John Riche, who was charged with the in mslaughter of Ernest Arthur Gill, has been found not guilty, Roche and another went to arrest Gill for having received stolen property. Gi'l resisted and Roche hxd to use force. Gill was hurt, blood poisoning set in ; and he died, The jury considered no unnecessary force was used. In the Reformatory case—Miss Turner v Mrs Holden—on the appeal the verdict was for Turner, damages £20 and cost*. Mr Justice Bocaut remarked " the great apostle of the Gentiles laid it down that if a woman had long hair it was her glory," and "no greater wrong could be done to a woman of Nliss Turner's *ge than to cut her hair." Mr Justice Bundey said " I look upon the cutting of the girl's hair as a very substantial wrong." and " there is not a tittle of evidence to justify the act." At the El Dorado Mine, where the six men lo«t their lives through inrush of water and mud from some eld workings, the list of deaths would have been greatly increased but for the cool heroism of JOSEPH FER- GUSON" who—though in a place ot safety— without giving a selfish thought tn his own chances, went back to almost certain death to give his mates warning and the small chance there wa* of saving their lives. He told them " He dnl not think they could get out but they would try." They did get out, all but six. All honor to Joseph Ferguson. Holloway's Ointment and. Pills—Cough*, Influenza—Tho soothing properties of these medicaments render them well worthy of trial in all diseases of the respiratory organs. In common colds and influenza the Pills taken internally, and the Ointment rubbed over the chest and throat, are exceedingly efficacious. When influenza is epidemic, this treatment is the easiest, safest and surest. Holloway's Pills purify the blood, re uove all o stacles to its free circulation through the lungs, relieves the engorged air tubes, and render respiration free, without reducing the strength, irritating the nerves, or depressing tho spirits ; such are the ready means of escaping from suffering when afilicted with colds, coughs, bionchitis, and other chest complaints, by which the health of so many is seriously and permanently injured in moft countries. 4 