COMPLETE STORY. pfow Fnsr Pcblehed.] A BAD NIGHT, MUIRHEAD ROBERTSON, Author of "A Lombard Street Mystery," ire. [Ail Qceessli3J> Eights Eesec?ed.] An old friend and I were discussing one I evening the subject of supernatural manifesta- j tions. I cxprcsaed my sceptical opinions with- ! out reserve, and pooh-poohed every so-called "ghost story" as either the invention of the novelist, or the result of a ■violent dis arrangement of the digestive organs, or of hysteria, unusual nervous strain, or of other abnormal conditions wluch I mentioned. "Any tray." I said, bringing down my fist with a thump on. the table, "there never has been such a thing as a real ghost, or an actual j spiritual manifestation. I have slept in a I variety of queer places, and have been disturbed I by uncanny noises, all of which, after a little cool deliberation, I was able to account for on natural grounds." "I. too, after having travelled for more than thirty years, have experienced all lauds oi nocturnal disturbances, all, or most of which were easily attributable to natural causes." " Of course," said I, with the emphasis given by deeply rooted convictions. "But, after all these foreign travels, it was a thriving English town which was destined to be the scene of a visitation to me—as I must call it—wliich could not possibly have arisen through human agency.** "Are you quite surer'* " Quite.*' "I should like to hear the story, only I tell you candidly that whatever it may turn out to be, my opinion wul remain unaltered. It isn't a very horrible stoiy, is it r "Not very." "Then, pray begin." J "Aftera tYcst Indian voyage I arrived in England. In a .short time I had to pay a visit to a busy provincial town, and put up for the night at a respectable private hotel." "Were yon in good health r" j " In excellent health. I was as vigorous as j I had ever been in my life, and was labouring I under none of the ailments which you men- | tloned just now. I had neither partaken of | pork chops for supper, nor been drinking. I have always been a most temperate man. I : ought also to remind you that 1 am not, by cur means, a nervous fellow. I have faced dangers often and often, both en laud and sea, without that unpleasant sense of fear which forces all one'a self-command to ooze out at the finger cuds. "Well, to continue the story—an attendant at tho hotel showed me to my room, which al though clean and tidy, hud no air of comfort about it. It w&3 large and lofty, with two windows and a fireplace. The scant furniture | was substantial and old. A table stood in the middle of the room, with a few books upon it. The bedstead was an antique fcur-posier." "Of course—always a four-poster where ghosts are concerned," I remarked. " But, go on, and exeuse me interrupting." " Besides two or threo chairs, two looking glasses and a. few knick-knacks, there was a strongly-made wooden closet, erected inr.recer.i | of the brick wall. I was too tired to inspect : ! anything closely, and in a few minutes I had 1 i undressed, and was fast a>leep. In about two j j hours—but I'll not be sure about the time—I ] J was disturbed by a door banging. At first I I : blamed some late arrival who had no consideru- i j tion for other people, but on second thoughts, j i I suspected by tho nearness of tho banging, ' : that the nebe was in my room. So I got out ? of bed and lit tho candle. Sure enough, the 1 { door of that empty closet was wide open, j " I concluded that it had not been properly i j fastened, or that, from some trifling cause— j t warping perhaps?-—it had flown open. I j iftatened it securely, got snugly under the wieots and wis won In a second sound sleep. Again was I disturbed by the door banging— r.ot once, but two or three times. I rowed dire t vengeance on the thing, and on some puff cf wind that nay hare been frolicking with it. | As soon as .1 was quite awako it ceased ] banging. ' Bother the door,' I exclaimed, as I , drew the bedclothes over my shoulders. ' It ! may close itself this time, or go on hanging to » doomsday. I shan't trouble cny more about I it.' So I resumed my slumbers. | "Bang! It came louder than before, and banged mc out of bed in quick time. I was desperately annoyed at these frequent disturb ances, but had not the remotest idea of assign ing a supernatural cause to them. Again I examined the refractory door, and also the interior <>f the closet; but I found the walls well corcred with paper and no signs of a loose brick or of an opening for admission of a strong dranjrhr. "There was no key: but the fastening seemed strong and in good condition. So l adjusted it once more, and then tried to pull the door open, but failed. That was sufficient proof that any {draught must be of hurricane strength to force it from its fastening. Then I returned to bed in an easier frame of mind, being- quite confident that I should rest in peace for the remainder of the night. " Bang—bang—bang 1 Thus I was startled again, and very soon, too, after losing con sciousness. And there was more than a banging .door this time to bother mc. The bedstead began x"hnHnc- and creaking in a peculiar and most unaccountable manner. As soon as I stirred, both door and bedstead were motioul&si.; Presently I slipped out of bed and re-examined the closet, the door and its fastening, but could discover no cause for the disturbance; nor tntu there any sign of great force having been used to drive the door open. "The next thing I did was to examine the bedstead. I shoot it, and polled it in every direction, bnt without; extracting- anything- ilko the noise that it had been making only a few minutes before. Finally-, I looked carefully under the bed, inspected closely every bit of furniture, pried into every hole and corner, and examined the walls from floor to oeilmg-, but found nothing to explain what had oc curred." 44 Are you sure it wasn't all a dream V "Positive. I was as conscious as I am now." 44 You don't appear to have beet, nervous." "No; because, I suppose, the idea of a super natural visitation was entirely absent from my mind." 4C Did you go to bed again ?" 44 O, yes. I refastenctl th» door, tumbled into bed, and was dozing off into another sound sleep when both door and bedstead renewed their vagaries, sometimes alternately, aud sometimes together. As soon as I moved the noises ceased. Well, I thought, there was no use m bothering about that confounded door any furthfr, so I remained in bed. A strange kind of feeling came over me, bnt not from nervouc " alarm. It was an unpleasant, almost sickly sensatiou, but different to anything I ever re membered experiencing."' "I suppose you rang the bell and asked for another room i" 44 Kb, I did not. I thought of doing so; but somehow, I had grown so interested in specu lating on the possible cause of these noises that I determined to lie in bed quietly, and await any additional display of sdf- asscrtiveucss pos sessed by somebody or some-thing beyond ray ken. But I waited in vain, for no more noises occurred. As morning began to dawn I dropped asleep, awaking at breakfast time under tho conviction that I had been robbed of a good night's rest." 44 Of course you complained to the landlord." 441 complained to the first attendant I met on leaving my room, a man who had evidently been in tho place-a long tunc, and who, X - believe, was the manager." 44 4 They had no business to give you that room,* said he. 4 It ought to have been locked up. It is unusual to put any visitor there. I am exceedingly eorry you huve been so dis turbed.* "4 Then I am not the first to complain of " these noises?* 44 4 No, sir, you are not.' 44 It thus appeared that the night attendant, who wa3 new to his work, had allotted znc an apartment which confessedly, was untenant able. •4 Before leaving the hotel, I learned, after many futile attempts, a little bit of the history of ttat room. It was a difficult matter to get any one to enlighten me on the subject, from a fear, I afterwards judged, that the interests of the house might suffer." 44 WeB, what was the 4 little bis of history* you speak off" I asked my friend. 44 It was simply this. A certain, murderer" (mentioning a notorious villain's name), 44 after committing his foul crime, slept in that room for .several uighi&\ He ires, tts jozi remember, at last convicted and banged." "Then I presomo you infer that it was his perturbed spirit that wus hanging open the door and shaking the t-ed P' *s I do. I can come to no other conclusion/' ; "I can't agree with you." ! "Then how is the occurrence to he cx- i plained F' " I don't explain it at all. I leave it among | the things that are inexplicable without an cx* hnustive inquiry, for which the game isn't worth* the candle." j Mr friend told mo the name ox.the town and i the name of the hotel, and also described the situation of the room. It is my private intention to spend a night in that house at •the earliest opportunity, and occupy the " haunted'* roam. ■ I have iriren the account Ju^t as my friend related, lis* veracity is unimpeachable, and he is one of the most cool-headed and self possessed men whom I hare ever met. Fcrhsps. by next Christmas, if I get the chance of running down to —, I may nave a hupplumentarv account to giro of a visit from the murderer's spirit, and Have cause to refrain from ridiculing in future the painstaking re searches of the I'sychical Society. 