CATHOLIC. THE CARDINAL'S PASTORAL. THE PERPETUITY OF THE CHURCH. From thePastoral Letter of the Cardinal- Archbishop of Sydney on ' The Perpetuity of the Church,' we tike the following, which is the concluding portion : When the Redeemer had made the momentous announcement to St. Peter, ' Thou art Peter ; and upon ttvs rock I wi'l build my Church,' He added prevail against it' (Matth. xvi. IS) ; as if He were to say, all the powers of evil, the sinful world, pas sions' of men, the arts of Satan, shall never cease to assail the Kingdom which I have founded, but all their efforts will be in vain ; My Church, built upon a Kock, shall not be overcome, but shall last till the end of time. The Fathers of the Church in their commentaries on this text of S. Scripture love to dwell upon the unconquerable destiny of God's Kingdom upon earth. Built upon the rock, writes St. Cyril of Alexandria, ' the Church of Christ is so firmly set and established as never to fall, but to bear up against the gates of hell, and so to remain for ever ' (Dial de Trin. lib 4). St. Augustine writes : ' The temple of God is holy, which temple, saith the Apostle, je are. This is the holy Church, the one Church, the true Church, the Catholic Church, which fights against all here sies. Fight she may, but she cannot be vanquished. All heresies have gone out from her, like useless branches lopped of? from the vine ; but she re mains in her root, in her vine, in her charity. The gates of hell shall not overcome her ' (de Symb. ad Catechum). So too St. Ambrose: ' Beside the waves is the dwelling-place ot the Church, but by the waves she is not shaken ; prepared rather to afford help, than herself obnoxious to danger ; so that if there be any who, driven by the iierce tempests, wish to flee to anchorage, the Church, as a harbour of safety, may be at hand, and with outstretched arms invites the imperilled into her bosom of re3t, afford ing to them a safe haven.' And again: 'The Church is buffeted, he says, but is not overwhelmed by the waves of worldly cares ; she is stricken, but she is not weakened, being easily able to subdue and ca^n down the agitation of the waves, as the rebellion of the passion', of the body. She looks on, herself free and exempt from danger, whilst others are shipwrecked, always prepared to have Christ shine upon her and to derive gladness from His light.' St. John Chrysostom is not less explicit. ' What did the Redeemer say and prophesy when wtll-nigh the whole world was 'held in godlessness? Upon this rock I will build My Church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it. Examine the declara tion as you please, and you will see its resplendent truth. For, indeed, it is not alone wonderful that He built the Church throughout the universe, but that He made her also invincible, though assailed by so great forces.' And, he adds, that from the day when that prophecy ;vas spoken, the Church ' has remained firm and unshaken, flourishing, resplen dent, gaining power day by day, acquiring fresh force, enabling 'all those who have lived from that day, even unto tfyose who shall be until the coming of 'Christ, to reap the greatest advantages from her, and to derive thence unspeakable aid.' And again : ' There is nothing equal to the Church. Tell me not of walls or arms; for walls grow old with time, but the Church never grows old; walls the barbarians destroy, but the Church not even the demons can overcome. Such is the mightiness of the Church : warred against, she conquers ; devised against, she overcomes ; assailed with insult, she is made more resplendent; agi tated by the waves, she is not submerged ; tempest tossed, but she suffers no shipwreck ; she wrestles, but is not overthrown ; she fights, as a pugilist, but is not beaten. Why has He thus permitted the contest ? That she may exhibit a more glorious trophy.' We might appeal to the religious history of the Church during the past nineteen centuries as ?witness that the promises of our Blessed Lord have been fulfilled. In every age the Church of Christ stands forth prominently before the world, ever assailed by the enemies of God, yet ever faithfully pursuing 'her mission in the stmctification of the nations. There can be no mistaking her identity. As well might'wc doubt that the sun that shines in the lirinament to-day is the same that hid its rays from the sorrowing scene of Calvary. The Church lias handed on from year to year the trophies of her victories. She bears the scars of the wounds re ceived on a thousand battlo fields. Her vary un chansrcnblcness has been alleged as one of the motives why a sinful world and heresy and schism incessantly wage war against her. All days in every century we see that one Church, and one alone, bears the title of the Catholic Church ; she alone is conscious of a divine life, and she proclaims in no uncertain words the perpetual commission given to her by her divine Founder. Year after year her missionaries have gone forth to bring the Gospel tidings to nations that knew not God; her Bishops from the east and the west have assembled in her councils : her martyrs haye sealed with their blood the testimony of their faith ; her saints, as chosen flowers of Paradise on earth, have, by the fragrance of their virtues, given glory to the Most High ; her unbroken line of Chief Pastors extends from the present august Pontiff, Pope Leo XtlL, to the heroic men who cast forth Lutheranism and Anglicanism from the fold of Christ ; and from the 16th century it leads us through all the vicissi tudes of the middle ages to the Catacombs, and from the Catacombs to the first great feast of Pentecost, when the Holy Ghost came down from heaven to abide for eyer with the Apostles. O glorious Church, O divine Church, who will not re joice to be numbered among thy children ? In truth the perpetual life of the Catholic Church, despite the incessant attacks made against her, is not only the authentic record that the Redeemer's promise has been fulfilled, but further, it stamps the seal of the divinity upoi} her brow. To erush_ the. infant Clruroh, llagari Rome put ' forthfor li\vee centuries all the giant resources of the im perial power which had subjugated the whole known world, yet all its efforts failed to check her victorious course. The flood of barbarism for another period of three centuries poured in from the North and from the East, and relentlessly overwhelmed in ruin and desolation every institution of the civil ized world. The Catholic Church alone remained uricbriquered. The barbarians bowed down hi re yeren39 before her superhuman majesty, and, under her benign sway become gradually transformed into the great and enlightened nations of Chris tendom. What shall I say of the uninterrupted victories of the Church over the incessant and ever-varying assaults of heresy ? From the first three centuries we have the names of two hundred sects that sought to rob the Church of her priceless inheritance of divine truth and to engraft upon her creed the fanciful tenets of their own selfishness or pride. But the Church was true to her heavenly mission, and faithfully guarded the sacred deposit of the Faith. Sinca those early days not a century has passed but new heresies have arisen, using every art and stratagem to overthrow the Church, yet she has not been overcome. History presents her to us in the face of all these foes, invincible in her divine strength, in so much that every assault that was made against her was the sure prelude of her new triumph. To each heretical communion that arises she addresses to-day the same words which seventeen centuries ago were addressed by Terlullian to the heretics of his time, and which bear with them the condemnation of every heresy or schism that can arise : Who are you, whence have you come, where are your title-deeds, who has begotten your You have come too late ; it is only the perpetual Church that can lay claim to the inheritance of divine truth given by Christ to the Apostles, and by them con signed to her. The year of your origin is duly marked in the records of the Chu-'-Ys history ; it is solely to the jealousy of tha ji-jwck of this world or to the pride and corruption of men that you owe your birth ; like all the heresies that have gone be fore you, you are but a fruitless and withered branch, and iike them you too must be lopped off from the living vine, which is the Catholic Church. Thus it is that the Church, no matter how the world ma}'- change around her, ever remains unchanged, ear nest, and intent on fulfilling her divine mission, and pursuing her heavenward com S3. This unchanging and invincible vitality of the Church serves also to reveal to us the fallacy that underlies the plausible efforts now being made in many sects outride the Catholic fold, to realize what they designate the re-union of Christendom. Many of the sectaries who are thu3 engaged imjjly by their reasoning, nay proclaim from the housetop, that the Church of Christ has long ceased to exist, and they invite churchmen and statesmen to devise some scheme of compromise by which their various conflicting sects may be blended together, so that they may be able to assume with some show of plausibility the name of re-united Christendom. All this of itself should indeed suffice to prove, if proof were needed, that those sects do not hold the inheritance of Divine Truth, and that they have no claim to be the one incorruptible and invincible Church of our Blessed Lord. They may assume whatsoever title they please, but the Catholic Church shall coutinue to ask them, as she has ever asked of each heresy that has arisen : Where are your title deeds to the inheritance of the Gospel of Christ ? Like the prophets of Baal of old, they may clamour the whole day long for the fire of heaven to descend upon their holocaust, but their clamour shall be in vain. None but the perpetual Church instituted by the Redeemer can be quickened by the divine life of the Holy Spirit of God. The only course to be pursued by all those sectaries that they may be restored to a U7iited Christendom is that marked out by the present illustrious Successor of St. Peter in his golden Encyclical. Like the prodigal son, they must retrace their steps and return from their wanderings to the Good Shepherd of Souls. He awaits them in His one true Church, ever ready to embrace them and to restore to them the graces and 1 privileges they had forfeited by heresy and schism. In this, however, my words must not be misunder stood. We know that there are thousands and thousands in the Greek and Oriental Churches, as well as in the modern Protestant communions, who though separated as regards the outward bonds of union from the Catholic Church, are yet one with her in spirit. Like many of the early Christians who were torn away from their pastors in the time of persecution, they too, without any fault of theirs, are held in spiritual bondage, but obedient to con science as their guide they yearn for the true free dom of God's children. No doubt their prayers shall be heard, and the blessings of heaven shall not be denied them. Need I remind you, dearly beloved Brethren, that it is our duty to offer fervent and persevering prayer for all those who are separated from the one true fold, that the divine light may guide their footsteps into the paths of truth, and that every strengthening grace may be granted them to enable them to corre spond to God's merciful designs ? To those who are yearning to be freed from the spiritual bondage of sclm:a or heresy in which they are detained, IavouM address the words of exhortation with which the illustrious French Bishop. Fenelon, comforted some Protestant friends in his day : ' If you wish to find God, enter within your own breast, and listen to His voice in silence ; suppress the movements of a bewildered imagination that you be occupied in the presence of God and be enabled to ask of Him the fulfilment of your duties and the correotion of your faults. Prayer will put an end to all disputes. Happy are the men who distrust their own lights, and who are often recollected in prayer before God, in order to be guided by His grace. Be not wanting towards God and He will not be wanting towards you.' The peace and the blessing of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. 