NOTES AND EVENTS. The result of the elections in New South Wales is a decided gain for democracy. As anticipated Premier Reid has returned to power with a substantial majority, not withstanding that all the influence the men of means could bring to bear were pitted against him. A significant featuro of the elections is the success of the labor party; they unquestionably hold the balance of power. We condemned the " unholy alliance " between Sir Henry Parses and Sir George Dibbs and it is satisfactory to note that the electors of the sister colony have assisted to a material extentin purifying public life by relegating these gentry to their proper position. The snow which fell on Sunday and Monday appears t) have been experienced over the greater portion of the colony. It was especially severe in the Beech and Otway forests, being nearly 10 inches thick on many of the ranges, while the piercing cold was intensified in some parts by showers of hail. Near Barramunga there were a number of wattle trees which had so grown as to form an arch along portions of the track. These were, broken down, and they will have to be destroyed to clear the track. The "Rainbow Company" of limelight operators announce that they will give an exhibition in the Temperance hall, opposite Post office, on Thursday evening next. An interesting series of pictures entitled "Breakers Ahead," illustrative of British sea coast life, will be placed on view. The lights will pourtray the scenes in arealistic and life like form. Mr T. J. Dyson's winter fair and cash clearing sale is now on both at Colac and Beeac. The price list is an especially in teresting on,e and will bear perusal. Bargains are quoted in drapery, millinery, grocery and ironmongery. The cash busi ness has been established on a solid basis and Mr Dyson gives his customers the benefit of this principle. The principle of a minimum wage is now applied to all Government contracts and the clause dealing with the matter in the contrac for the supply of firewood the Government oflices in Camperdown is published by MI C. B. Were, the receiver and paymaster (writ.; the Chronicle). Subletting is not allowed and persons employed by the contractor must not work for more than 18 hours per week, nor be paid at a less rate Gs per day. An infringe ment of these conditions subjects the con tractors to a fine not exceeding £50, the amount to be deducted from the contrac tors account or the security money. A. ghost has made its appearane at Collingwood, Melbourne. On Monday night a lad, 12 years of r._e, named Robert BrO'Wn was proceeding home alout 9.30 when h was suddenly confronted by a man whose " beastplate " reveale d, with a phosphorscent glow, the appalling words, "Prepare to meet tly doom," while a sepulchral voice innounred a malign intent to cut off the poor shaking boy's head " in two shakes." The boy ran home screaming and the ghost's materialised feet clattered with most unghostly nolan accross the footway and out of sight. The numerous friends of lir A, E. Roberts will regret to learn that he d;id at his father's residence, Cliftonvill; Napier street, Ballarat, on Tuesday (writes the Coerier). He was the second son of Mr John Roberts, boot manufacturer of Bridge street, and was thirty-three years of age. He was well known incycling circles, and also in connection with various mutual improvement associations both here and in the Colac district. While in good health he was a veteran cycling tourist, and among other numerous tripe, covering almost the whole of Victoria, he visited Woods' Point and OGeo, and was the first -yelist ever seen in either place. As a racing cyclist he had a sbort but successful career, carrying off several goad ecenWs here and elsewhere. He was for yer.s a valued and frequent contributor to the Victorian, Cycling News under the aot dte n?Fre "Forty- eight incher." While in business in Colac he contracted a severe cold, which settled in his throat, depriving him of jis soice. and eventually developed into consumption of tie throat, towhich he succumbed an Tuesday, after a long pain ful illness, borne with .esignatiod, He only took to bed about twenty- four ho.ur urior to his death. To this we may aca that the late Mr Roberts was well kZown in Colac, being very much respected by all who knew him, About two years ago ~'r Roberts removed from two years ago ul the wellwhs of Colac, carrying with wim the well-wishes of a large circle of friends whom he had gained during his residence ,. this town ship. He was a man of varied parL and attainments, and in numerous ways made himself useful, his kindly ways and en gaging nianner, no less than his musical and literary ability, conducing to his popularity amongst] all classes. Being identified with the Wesleyan Church and Sunday school, he employed his talents to good effect in association with those in stitutions. As a leader of large school choirs he was au fail, and as conductor on anniversary occasions his services will long be remembered. He was one of the lead ing spirits in the Colac Mutual Improve ment Association, and also the kindred institution at Elliminyt, the experience he gained whilst a member of the Lydiard street Mutual being of great advanta.g to himself and all associated with him, .His untiring energy and zeal in every good work was one of his most marked charac teristics, anid he has left an example which others would do well to follow. We desire to again draw atteition to the visit to Beech Forest of the timber experts, Messrs Robinson and Walker, who will leave Colac on Tuesday morning next. It is particularly desired that there should be a large gathering of selectors at Ditchley Park on Tuesday evening to interview the gentlemen in question. Next Sunday a service will be held in the Wesleyan Church, Beeac, at 3.45, the proceeds from which will be handed to the Colac Hospital. Appropriateaddresses will be delivered by Revs. Burridge and Hawkins, in addition to which the Colae Mission Band will render selections. The usual sitting of the Colac Insolvency Court took place on Tuesday. His Honor Judge Hamilton was the presiding officer. The first case for examination was that of H. C, Abbot, of.Beeac, Mr Lorimer ap pearing for the trustees in the estate, and Mr Hancock for the insolvent. The insol vent deposed that the cause of his having to file his shedule was sickness in family and pressure of creditors. Two of his children had been ill, entailing a deal of expense, but he could not say what it amounted to, though £100 was inserted in the schedule. He got the doctor's attend ance free, but had to pay for natent medicines. About £100 would be the cost, including nursing. The furniture in the house was the same as that which was there when he filed his schedule. Just prior to his going insolvent, some furniture was taken away from the house, but it did not belong to him. It was his wife's property. He did not buy a mare from Mr Jacobs, but his wife did. He knew nothing about the receipt produced. Upon being pressed by Mr Lorimer, however, he admitted that he was present when the receipt, dated February 1893, was drawn up by Mr Jacob's prior to the insolvency. Mr Lorimer drew attention to the manner in which insolvent was giving evidence, and his Honor replied that it was not satisfactory and he would have to be care ful. The insolvent, continuing, stated that the original receipt from Mr Jacobs had been destroyed, as they thought it would not be sufficient to show that the mare belonged to Mrs Abbott. He sold a dray to Mr Egan, but the dray was in insolvent's possession at the present time. He lost money over some cattle. A tank had been removed from the house prior to filing his schedule. By Mr Hancock: He wasalmost penniless after his children got better, and had not much money now. His wife had some cows and sold milk in her own name at the creamery, out of the proceeds of which she purchased the mare from Jacobs. He kept a servant during his children's illness. The examination was adjourned on the application of Mr Lorimer, until next sitting of the court.. John Kenny, insolvent, late of Pirron Yalloak, but now of Bendigo, was next ex amined. Mr Hancock 'represented the trustee, and Mr Lorimer appeared for the I insolvent. John Kenny deposed that be was a laborer, and nc.w resided at The Terricks. He bought the land on which I he previously resided at Pirron Yalloak for about £4 an acre, paying for it by in- ] stalments. In October 18094 he sold the t land for £7 10s per acre, or £423 in all. There was a mortgage on it amounting to £210. After receiving the money he paid £20 to Mr Tulloh, £10 to Mr Thornton, of Comperdown, for cattle purchased by his I wife, besides several amounts for money f lent. £130 was paid to his wife, as she had given £90 soon after they were married, and £40 five or six years subsequently, with which two rooms were built. He gave Mrs Kenny the money because he con- I sidered she was entitled to it. He owed r various amounts to different creditors at ] the time. - Some cattle belonging to his wife and depasturing on the land were sold in Mlr Hearn's yards on May 25, prior to the insolvency. They were advertised in ] his name, but Mrs Kenny received the t proceeds of the sale. By Mr Lorimer: Insolvent never kept a receipt for money paid. His wife forced him to dis pose of the land, as if he continued in the place she would get nothing eventu- S ally. Mary Kenny deposed that she in structed her husband to buy the land at Bendigo. She gave him the £90 after he purchased the land at Pirron Yalloak on condition that she was to get it back again. Subsequently she gave him £40. This ] closed the examination and the court adiourned. 