literature. MRS. TREGASKISS A NOVEL OF ANGLO-AUSTRAJLIAN [LIFE. Bt MRS. CAMPBELL PRAED, Authoress of 'An Australian Heroine,' 'Policy and Passion,' 'Nadine,' 'Miss iTacobsen's Chance,' 'Arina,' 'The Romance of a Station,' and (in conjunction : with Mr. Justin McCarthy) 'The Right Honorable,' 'The Ladies' Gallery,' &c;, &c; (Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved. 1 Chapter IIL— Ukmatkp. While i-r. tieneste was inaKing nis nwun light journey Clare Tregaskiss- lay within the mosquito curtains on one of ? the two beds in her room, her baby by her side. The other bed was still vacant awaiting her husband. King was sleeping on the 6ofa in the sitting room, an improvised mosquito curtain protect ing her face and chest in, it seemed, but an in effectual manner, for she stirred and muttered and flung her little arms out from under the sheets in a restless siumoer. x ne aoor uem ecu the two rooms stood open and the lamp, turned down, cast a blurred glow and gave out a disagreeable smell of bad kerosiue. The air in the room was dry and scorching, the zinc roof throwing down heat as though it had been the top of an oven. There was neither shutters nor curtains to the window, and the moon shining through the thin white calico blind gave the effect of an opaque illuminated oblong. Myriads of insects were astir mosquitoes, cockchafers, moths, flying ants, and beetles— all kinds of winged uncanny things, circling round towards the lighted doorway and filling the place with a low roar, which was a sort of accompaniment to the noise of the township, the oaths of bullock drivers 'wetting the wool' after their unload ings, the click of billiard balls, the loud chaff of bushmen and diggers in the hotel veran dahs, and the sound of the bells hung- round the necks of bullocks and horses that were going out to grass. As the evening wore on and the men took in more and more liquor the oaths aud ribald language, distinctly audible through the zinc partitions, became unpleasant hearing for the ears of a refined woman. Clare had tried in vain to escape from the brutal sounds, had shut the window to find that this made little dif ference, and that it was impossible to endure the stifling heat. She was not so horrified at the bad language as might have been many a woman. She accepted it as she accepted other disagreeable conditions of her life and sur roundings, with a certain lofty tolerance, iningled with stoical resignation. She took refuge in imagination after a fashion of her own, and now deafened herself to what she did not wish to hear by recalling the swing aud beat of some orchestral measure, or by a mental phonographic process reconstructed in fancy the swelling rhythmic measures she had heard at a Wagner recital. She was not musical in the technical sense. She could not singanote, and eveu had she possessed a piano at Mount Wonibo her performance would have been poor. But she had an almost passionate love for deep sounding complex harmonies. Organ vibra tions stirred her nerves as did nothing else, and of all the pleasures of her old London life music, which she had once thought would be dispensed with most easily, was that for which she now had the strongest era vine. But the effort of memory grew irksome ; the unreal sounds died away and her mind came back to the present. She looked down upon her baby. Poor little thing ! She was fond of it, of course ; but why was she not as fond of it as some mothers were of their offspring ? Why did it seem to her only a cruelty that it should have been born into a crude, harsh, un sympathetic world, insufficiently equipped for the moral struggle by beneficent hereditary influences ? Why should she, who felt herself unfitted by temperament for the burden of such a responsibility, and who had a weary distaste for the whole business of multiplying her kind, and could see no usefulncss_ in it, have been chosen as die producer of this new atom to swell the generally unsatisfactory human aggregate 1 -The two Papaw apple trees growing in front of the hotel, imaged on the blind, caugjit her eye. They had straight, spear- like stems and crowns of spiky leaves, which, as a faint wind stirred them, made weird shadows. One was a male plant, the other a female. She could tell this by the outlines of feathery flowers hanging below the leafy plume of one and the grotesque shapes of jiendant pumpkin-like fruit on the other. Was there no escape even in vegetable life from the bewildering sex pro She was thinking these thoughts when the clatter of buggy wheels and dull thud of the unshod hoofs of packhorses sounded up the street and then stopped in front of the hotel. Presently she heard the voice of her children's father in answer to a shout from one of the bushmen in the inn verandah. ' Hullo, Tregaskiss !'' Those horses of yours looked pretty well knocked up.:' Tregaskiss had a full rather loud voice, 'with the rise and fall of intona tion common to Australians, and an im perious ring in its notes which, according to occasion, might take the form either of Imis terous cordiality or of ill-temper. ' Had the deuce of a business,' he went on. ' The brutes bolted last night from the Grave — half way to Brinda Plains. It's all that damned Brinda breed ; they have a trick of making back. But these are slashing mares all the same, as you can see by daylight. I wouldn't wish for better goers. They'd pull a buggy out of anything.' Clare winced at the expletive. She had risen when the buggy stopped, and now sat a ghostly form wrapped in a light dressing-gown at the 'side of the bed. She had not minded the 'swear words,' as Xing called them, when the bullock-drivers had used them, but she did not like them in her husband's moutli. Tregaskiss exclaimed, in the tone of irate superiority with which white men often address their black servitors, ' Look out there, Tony, George, you infernal idiot ; haven't you yet learned how to unstrap a pack. Oh, good evening, Mrs. Ituffey. Send some one. round, ?will you, if they're not all in bed or drunk. Has Airs. Treraskiss comeV 'She's upstairs,' announced the landlady. 'As for my men being drunk, Mr. Tn- Raskiss, they keep that for off Sundays. You'll spell the horse a day, I suppose V'3 'Not I. We clear out tomorrow aud servo the mares right for sweating themselves j on tin: bolt. Let's have a light, Mrs. Rutfey, t and show me the wav up. On, look here ; you - may bring mu a nip before I go upstairs.'1 After a few minutes his heavy step shook the j creaky wooden stair and zinc walls. Mrs. i Ituffey had not thought it necessary to ascend. ! Tregaskiss shouted down to her, ' That's all j right. I know where I am. The black boy 1 can bring up ray swag. Lot me have some- ! thing to eat, will you? and you may as' ?well | send me a bottle of whisky and some cool water if you've got any.' | He pushed open the door of the sitting- ' room and turned up the [smoking lamp. : 'Phew ! By Jove it's hot and beastly smell ing.' He flung wide the rickctty French windows which ied out on a narrow balcony. ! ' Where are you, Clare ':t .Oh, here's the pica ninny !' King, whose pet name for Thyra was a cor ruption, graduating as 'Xingie,' of her father's tide for her, ' The .Picaninny,' had been roused by the noise and the flood of light, aud now started from her sofa l-ed veiled in mosquito netting, winch she tore off m a bewil- ; tiered haste — an elfish creature, with tangled i hair and wide suddenly-awakened eyes. j 1.' Daddy!' I ' Yes, you brat. Give us a hug, picaninny. ! Did I scare you '1 Been dreaming, eli ':' \ 'Mine been dream about Debil-debil/* said j King solemnly, relapsing into her blacks' xc-x- 1 nacular. 'Mine think it Debil-debil get in- j side me and take me over the paddock-fence into his big fire. But the fire went out and | God came and asked me if I was a good girl ; j and then God took me back to mummy.' Tregaskiss laughed loudly. ' That was a Rood job, wasn't it ! We don't all get out of Debil-debil's clutches so easily. But then we ain't all good little girls. Oh, you're a nica ninny yet, you are. Daddy's picaninny ! Come. There now. A right down good old hug.' . He caught the child in his arms, mosquito netting and bed-clothes trailing behind her, and smothered her with loud sounding kisses 'Where's your mummy?' «Tm here, Keith.' , -Clare stood in the doorway. He took up the lamp, «till holding the child, and looked at Ins wife* _^ _ _ . . . ^r 'Good Lord, Clare! Poor old girl! You do look like a ghost. Knocked up, eh * *? Yes, rather. We started at 4 o'clock tins morning. It's a dreadfully long, slow journey, stopping at all the little roadside stations. Pm really glad the railway doesn't go any further. I'd much rather travel in the buggy and camp out.' , , ' Well you'll have two nights of that, and I was thinking we might spell a day at Brinda { Plains. The Gripper has been behaving ; ai little more decently lately. I helped him with his muster and I rather want to ^ talk to him about wire fencing the boundary. j ' Oh ! How have things been getting on, Keith, on the station?' . j ' As bad as can be. 1^ o sign of the drought , breaking -up and cattle dying everywhere. I There was the devil of a mess driving down the last mob of fats and a bad sale at the end. Hardly enough to cover droving expenses. 1 was a fool to agree to Gryce's terms. I told you so at the time, you remember, aud you advised me to accept; £100 down on taking delivery and £50 a month for droving. It was exorbitant, but you misled me by .telling me that was what old Cyrus Chance paid. 1 knew u.inf. a ninror hp is and that he d be round to give the lowest price. It was all an infernal concoction of Cusack's new chums. The Gripper put them up to getting a rise out of me,' , , ., 'Oh, Pm sorrv. But it wasn t from the Cusacks that I heard. Mr. Chances store keeper told me those were the terms.' 'Well, it was a lie. Cyrus Chance never paid anything like that. You must have muddled up figures. Women always do i mustn't depend on yours for the future. But never mind, old girl. It's a good thing to have you home. Are you glad to get bade to vour old hubby T __ _T i j r ' 'Tm-very, glad, Keith. Very glad, of course, to sec you again.' 'And so am I to see you, old dear ! He put the lamp on the table, and still holding King, whose head had dropped sleepi y on hw shoulder, went up to his wife and affect lonateJv kisacdher. ' And the picaninny, too. Good little kiddie. I declare 1 think I ve missed- her almost as much as I've missed you. Byjove, the place has seemed a desert without you both.' ... ., 'There's a new picaninny now, lveitn. ' By jove, so there is. I had forgotten the little shaver for the -moment. Lets see him, Clara, No, it's a second «/«?, isn't it. I rather wish it had been a boy now, since the two other poor little chaps came to nothing. Clare led the wav into the bedroom where the baby lay, its little red face nestling into the pillow* Tregaskiss contemplated the creature with an amused interest, much as he might nave coiuempiaieu a ue» uum ^i^v 'Not a bad little cuss. I .suppose it will get whiter in tune. Looks rather like a blob of pink putty. Ning was much more human when she was six weeks old.' 'Dark babies always are. 1 his one will be fair like you. Niug took after me.' Tregaskiss turned his eyes upon his wife with a freshly kindled gleam of admiration. 'So much the better for King, as she is a woman. Now if this brat had been a boy it might have taktn after me and been a fairly decent looking chap on a large scale into the bargain.' He gave the little fatuous laugh of self satisfaction which was a trick of his, and which always jarred upon Clare. It was one of Mr. Tregaskiss's weaknesses to be somewhat vamof his strength and robust good looks. He might in truth have been considered a hand some man of the coarser mould. Ten years ago, ben.re his features had thickened and his skin had Iwcome red and rough grained and when he had become less inclined to stoutness, there could have been no doubt as to the attractiveness of his person. One might have imagined a woman very much in love with him, but not a woman quite of the type of Mrs. Tregaskiss. Some little frail, amiable doll, perhaps, without much intellect, and tlse kind of temperament which is naturally subservient to brute force. Tregaskiss was fashioned rather upon the Viking model. Ho was huge, as tall as Dr. Geneste, and much broader and thicker of girth. In spite of the active life he led his weight could not have been less than fourteen or fifteen stone. Ho had a great bull neck and a large head with close-cropped yellow hair, which fell into little rings over a round, low forehead. The eyes were bright blue, slightly bloodshot, the nose well shaped but broad at the bridge, and with two small fur rows on each side marking a pufliness between the eye-sockets aud the mouth which gave an appearance of coarseness. He had eveu teeth discolored bv smoking, a yellow moustache with long points and a curly fair beard— the kind of beard which divides in the middle and shows the cleft of chin. Although he was proud of being a 'fine man' he was careless about his dress. To-night ho looked disordered after his journey, which was not to be wondered at —hot, dusty and redder than usual ; his light alpaca coat had stains upon it and his colored shirt was unbuttoned at the neclc, snowing tlie inside griminess of the collar, and beads of perspiration stood upon his forehead and his groat, red hands. Clare stiffened just a little as he put Ins arm round her and drew her closer to him in their joint gaze at their child. The harsh, virile odor which came from him and seemed to tell of the night's camping out and the day's travel in close proximity with hot beasts, mingled with an aroma of tobacco aud of the whisky he had recently imbibed, struck unpleasantly upon her nerves. She was a woman extremely fastidious in such trifles and had an almost sensuous delight in delicate fresh scents. One of the things which went far towards re conciling her to life ou Mount Woinbo was the perfume of the sandalwood lo#s which she kept for burning in the sitting-room in the winter. But something of the same conscientious self discipline which marked her manner to her children showed itself in her bearing to her husband. She seemed to become instantly alive to the impulse of repugnance in herself, and atoned for it by laying her hand caressingly tfpon his shoulder, 'and thus together they con templated the sleeping infant for a moment or two in silence. Then she withdrew hc-r hand aud disengaged herself gently from his em brace. droving cattle across country with rations run ning short and the water-baps getting empty ': And I wonder if you'd enjuy a day after scrubbers through gidya and bunum bush, or else drafting off a camp in the blazing sun and branding till sundown and then coining home dog-tired to salt junk and damper— and all the worry of the men aud bad sales and drought and a big debt, with the chance of the bank coining down o:i you into the bargain ?' 'It seems to me that we women have our share of those worries too,' said Clare. 'As for the station work, I used rather to envy you men the wild, free rides, and the living with Na.tv.iv. and the gi'Aiiduess and reality of it all. Do you remember, 1 had a perfect crave for out-of-door life long ago, after the hollowness and insincerity and stuUiness of London. 1 used to fancy then that it must make jvsopk- truer and better and purer. You know 1 loved an easy day on the run, before the babies eann-, and when 1 was strong and not the poor creature 1 seeiu to have grown into.' 'An easy day'.' echoed Tregaskiss. 'A kid-glovt; kind of mr.st.-iinjf in cool weather, just outside tne pauuoRn ivncvs — aim me men blessing you all tlie time because tlu-y daren't let out an oath. 1 think you found it a bit too real sometimes, Clare, and you got deuced sulky when 1 swore at you fur getting in tlie way* You exacted me to keep up honey moon manners, but I've broken you in, haven't I, aud we're none the less good friends for it V' '' No. none the l^ss good friends, Keith,'5 sho repeau-d with that curious smile. ' \\\\\k that wasn't what I meant when i wished that, baby had been a boy.' '?'What did you niean T he askotl. 'Oh, mm get rid of their illr.teivms quicker, :' she anewt-reci. 'Or else they nev.-r grow them, which is better still— at least 1 suppose it is better, if the illusions :ir-; bound to j wither before tlie morning has become to-day, j Women are so holp!--«=,' she wont on. hor voice j taking a deeper inflection, 'so blind, sol ignorant, so hedged it|r Thoy can't go into j the open and judge of tilings as meiwlo. Tiity can't even judge of themselves. They don't know what' they are capable of or deficient in. They don't know what they want.'' i | ' Well, most of them ser-iu to know that ; they want a husband,' .said Trepaskiss with a laugh. ' And after all. Clan, a woman can't ! I do much better than that— if slie gets a good : one— and a man can t be better oil tiiau with a ! good wife.'' j There was genuine feeling in Ttiis tone ; it i touched Clan1. : 'No, Keith. There can't be anything bettor in the world than a happy marriage. But j-eople's ideas of happiness and of love are dif ferent, arf-n't they? And women have- dreams and wayward fancies. In tlie end we settle down to doing our duty, and we find satisfac tion in it, but in the beginning, when we are young aud romantic, and long for drama and thrill and communion of mind and the poetry of love— and all tlie rest. That's how it's hard for women — for some women. They've got to grind down the edge of their imagination and to pull their ideals to pieces and to scatter in fragments all their fond and fooiish beliefs, and it— it's a painful process. Keith, and I'd rather not have to watch a daughter of mine going through it.' Tregaskiss looked at her, at once annoyed, uneasy, and amused. 'Oh, confuund ideals! That used to be a great word of yours, Clare. I thought 1 had laughed you out of it, though upon my soul I never did quite know what j 3'ou meant by it. I hate hearing you talk like that. It makes me tlunk of those long haired South Kensington painters aud the ladies in queer dresses, with notions that you used to tell me you were so sick of. Besides it puts into niy*head that you aren't happy, and that isn't true — anyhow, you always say that you are happy enough.' 'Ob, j-es, Ktith, don't mind. Of course! am happy enough.' j ' Ideals ! ' ho went on wrathfully. ' Poetry, ! sentiment — the sort of stuff you road in j novels. Jfinc words and infernal Tommy-rot, | a6 I always said to you, dear. We don't breed 'em out west.' ' No ; you laughed me out of my fancy that ideals might exist in the bush. That's one of the vanished illusions. They don't _ seem to I fraternise with sheep aud cattle in this part of | Leichardt's Land.' 'Do you/ think they thrived any better on tlbi Downs, where you came from?' ' I don't know. I suppose not. I was only ten years old, you know, when 1 left it. And vet,' she went ou dreamily, 'I kept a vision of Ubi Downs all thosa years as of a sort of promised land — the mountains and the strange sunsets aud_therivcr aud thugreatbnuyascrujjs — the Krl King and ttintram and Undine lived in that bunva scrub and the crock that came down from the gorge. I can remember it quite well.' 'And you married me because you thougnt I was going to bring you to your promised land? 'Was that if:' ' Perhaps it was a little, Keith.'' 'Good Lord, Clare, you are childish, with your Erl Kings and your fairy tale peopl'. 1 suppose they are in a fairy tale. I never heard of them anywhere else. What lifts come over you to-night i'r . . ' 1 don't know, Keith. One gets thinking lving awake in the moonlisrlit.' * ' Thinking ! What about: T 'O^ j — about ideals, and drama, and thrill, aud different kinds of love -every tiling that makes the poetry of life. But I quite agree with you : it's st'upid to talk of them. Gladys Warraker and 1 agreed long ago not to expect such things in the ordinary run of life.' ' Well, anyhow, I thought you had dropped all such rubbish since you came here. Ideals : drama! thrill ! and different kinds of love H he repeated with bluff scorn. 'By Jove, do you remember our sitting by the waterhole at. Woinbo soon after we came up and your read ing to me something by some German chap, and asking me if that' was how 1 loved yoii, aud vonr disgust when 1 told yon ifc was ail damned rot? As if men and women ever loved each other, especially whi-n they are morr:ed, in any v.-ay but one. You may wrap it up in sugar* as much as you like, but love always comes to th« saiiK- thing— generally ends in little red creatures like this.'' Clare -mve a slini-i shudder and then laughed an old nervous J?.ii-,ii. ' Yes, it alwa3'S comes to the same tlii:y.-' You have taught me that.'' ' I have mad'- you practical, my dear. L pon my soul if it li.-siin'fc been for having married me you'd be lust in the clouds by now. I've brought you down to earth, I aud the chil dren.' ' Yes,'' she again assented. ' You and tne children. One can't bo anything but practical when thcie are l.abies ciying round and only a half-caste or a black gin to look after them.' ' Well, that's your own fault, Clare. I said you could get a nurse out of one of the emigrant ships at Port Victoria.' ' Oh, site wouldn't have stayed. She would have complained that it was too rough or too dull, or else the mosquitoes and saudilies would have oaten her up. And I'm so anxious to get that wretched debt cleared off. I don't want to add to expense, especially as I brought you nothing. That's being practical, isn't it?' ' You're a splendid old dear. I'm bound to say that there's not another woman I know brought i:p like you that would work in the same!' wav to keep things together. As for the debt if 1 'could get a couple of good seasons and a market for fat cattle I'd soon clear it off and we'd take a. trip home and then settle down on your beloved tbi in the heart of civilisation. Confound that woman ! When is she going to send me up something to eat V lie went noisily to the staircase a7id called down. After a few minutes :i young woman who had been serving at the bar brought in a tray with cold beef and bread and a bottle of whisky. Tregaskiss threw off his cost, poured himself out some whisky and water, and called to his wife to come in and 'yarn.' She obeyed the peremptory call without a murmur, though she had lain down again upon the bed beside the baby and was in truth almost worn out. Whe waited upon her husband while he made a hearty meal and chatted cheerfully upon Lc-ura concerns the. while, having, it appeared, quite recovered from her sentimental mood. They talked about the deliquencies of the ' G ripper,'' otherwise Mr. Cusack ; the new boundary between Woinbo aud Brinda Plains ; th« surveyors to be employed : the stock keeping capacity of a 'new chum' lately installed at Mount Wombo ; the 'tally'' of the last branding. It was not till Tregaskiss had lighted his pipe and tilted back his chair that he was struck for the .second time by his wife's wan looks, and .-.gain declared she looked like a ghost. He insisted upon giving her some weak whisky and water, and expressed compunction for having kept her up, fussing over her in a man-like un helpful manner, which at intervals took the form of scolding. Why didn't she look after herself better ? What was the vise of leaving Port Victoria before she was quite strong': Why would she nurse the baby when *hc knew that she wasn't fit for it? On the last point lie waxed persistently wrathful. ' I wanted to, ' pleaded Clare. ' I think 1 have read that mothers always care more for the children they nurse themselves. It's an outlet for ? ' she stopped. ' An outlet for whnt?1 'For the foolish fancies, perhaps, that you have been scolding mo for.' 'What has put the notion into your head':' asked Tregaskiss. ' You know that the child drags you to pieces.' ' I didn't mirrn the other two,' she said in a low voice, 'aud they died, and 1 don't think I was half sorry enough, poor little things.' Tivgaskiss wns silent. 'That's nonsense,'' he said presently. 'They wouldn't have lived anyhow, ami this one is ninth move likely to thrive ou good cow's milk. I'll have a, milker cent apart.'' And then lie went on — 'You talk of expense*, aud you know it means gallons of bottled stout or you can't get on at all. Not that I grudge it,' he. added hastily, smitten by :ui expression which crossed ClareV face, 'but goodness knows how long the drays will be getting it up. '* That's what 1 in«i:i't.' But s!ie had berii moved many times to a half-amused *-coi.-ii or pitiful tolerance by the exhibition of a curious strain of meanness in Tregaskiss's character. This was all the more strange because it was allied in ;v certain sense to boisterous good nature. ]u some matters Tregaskiss was openhauded and ewn extrava gant. It was quite certain also tiirtt lie would not have grudged hii wife anything that he seriously believed would contribute to her health or comfort, and yet in some small odd waws he was penurimis. (To be continued.) 