THE HORROR OF JACKMAN'S FLATS. BY DAVID G. FAI.K. This is the story of a crime ami its retri bution-of a cowardly murderand tlie curious chance that brought its perpetrator to justice. A true story in the main-perhaps not wholly forgotten hy those who read a bare account of it in the (Queensland papers some eight years ago. About ten miles from Gympie there lived at that time two mates who earned a pre carious living as fossickers. They had been friends and companions for some time, moving about continually from place to place, as such men generally do. Their names were ,)im Davidson and "Tucker" Smith, neither of them very young, both of them of that bearded nondescript type that se> ms natural \- I liail almost said indigenous-to the Aus tralian hush. For a long time they were anything hut successful in their prospecting, and irequent quarrels took place between them. Indeed, afterwards it came out that they had never been very good friends, and surprise was ex pressed at their having kept up their asso ci ttion so long. However, it was so. Whatever their motive, they kept together through good and bad for t me, and tramped over a considerable part of Queensland in one another's company. They tried Gympie in vain, moved on a little further, and finally pitched their tent in a gully some ten miles to the west. This gully was known as .Ixckman's, and with other cross-gullies houndeda low,Hat, marshy tract, called Jackmun's Flats. Jn this retreat verylittle was seen or known of'the two prospectors for some considerable time. Almost their only aequantHtice, or at all events the only individual who had cognisance of their movements, was a man named Kiordan, who kept a store in Gympie. . From him they purchas* d their weekly modicum of Rtorts, one of the men tramping in each Saturday afternoon tor (hat pur pose. .As. Riordan gave them a small amount of credit, acertain acquaintance grew up between them, and being a somewhat observant man he quickly node d the difference between his twp customers. Davidson was open-handed and free; "Tucker" Smith close and taciturn. Nearly every-time their answers were con flicting. When Davidson was in, and Kiordan asked him in usual bash style, "Mow'r ye jretiin' on ?" he would answer, "ftlirtdlw'to good. Got on to one or two nice Jitlle patches of stuff. Things look promising" ^And then tthe next week Smith would reply to th" same query, "Bad-d d badl Hniyi!y*e6n »£p?ck, Not making tucker." Indeed, it : Diay be remarked that " Not making tucker" wfiseuoh a favourite expres aion of his, that te had in that way gained the Boubriquet df ^'Tucker " Smith. Hut fea AinMS Went^on iliordan felt pretty oe|tain that|he4«r6\rten were doing well, for of . cheery natare,»nd itie SBbq^eeper felt he was the ?" " ftnettwrt. Hetookapro " eirdoings, because he very f'ljl hadaided thematthe .irtlWiMfr «ome< _l»«eiiduoov^xed. jeotinhii wind be determined to pay a visit of inspection to hia two distant customers. " 1 believe they've struck it pretty rich," lie said toJiis wife, "and I mean to he in it. I'll take h ritle over their way to-morrow, and see what's going." " You do, Tim." his good lady replied with conviction. " It won't do no harm, no WHYS. I'd trust you for noseing out a good thine as quick as any one." Hut the storekeeper's project was inter fered with for<juit«j a considerable time. It rained incessantly for days, and then lie WHS laid up with an attack of rheumatism, caused by exposure to the wet. Then for some days the roads were so boggy it was almost impossible to travel. So, from one cause and another quite a fortnight elapsed before he thought of putting his idea into execution. Even then he was delayed, for when Tucker Smith came in on the Satur day lie gave him some news that quite upset his plans. " How's Jim?" Riordan asked casually, as he was weighing out liour. " D him ! he's cl- ared out," the man answered. " Heated out?" "Yes, and taken the dust with liim, the mean skunk. Robbed his mate and cleared, that's what lie done." " You don't mean to say so," the store keeper said, nil nsrnpe with amazement. " Well, I wouldn't have thought it possible, a free young fellow lik<* him." As he said to his wife afterwards in pri vate, " It took him quite suddint." Hy which he meant a suspicion that the man was lying. Whether it was some expression in Smith's face, some nervous action of the muscles, some sinister gleam in the eye, or a false ring in his voice, from that moment, suspicion was firmly implanted in the Irish man's l>reast, never to bf removed. He had a long talk with Smith, and that same evening delivered himself to his wife. " I'm troubled in my mind about it," he said uneasily. "I'm thinking there's been foul play, and if Jim don't turn up by Mon day 111 let the inspector know about it." " It there's been foul play, Tim, now's better than Monday, i'm thinking," his wife said. " That's true. But I can't be informing without something to go on. I'll ride out first thing in the morning and see what I can find out myself. The inspector won't thank me for troubling him if there's nothin" in it." " Do as you like, Jim," his wife said ; "hut mind you don't get mixin' yourself up with nomurderin'chaps as ain'tany concern toyou. Butyou won't,I know. TrnstTim Kiordan for keeping out of mischief, I say." The result of the storekeeper's visit to Jackman's Gully was apparently anything but-eatiafactorv, for he went then and there to the inspector, and told itiim about the matter. The men had evidently been on a rich patch and worked it out. Gold had l«een got, probably a fair amount, and the question was had Davidson cleared out with it, or had Smith done away with him in order to get his share. For there was no doubt about the man's disappearance. His swag and sundry belongings had gone, taken away in the night, according to Smith, whilst be was asleep.? But according to Riordan's story Smith's looks were suspicious. He was moody, nervous. like a man who bad something on his mina,A) together Hiord an thouKhthimaelf justified in roafcing the police-inspector privy to all he knew and the suspicions be had formed. .V Bat the trapicion against Tooker Smith could not be changed to certainty. The affair was pone into, no proofs were forth coming. Indeed, the incident became almost forgotten when some little time after adii!ger from further south swore to having seen .lirn Davidson swagging it into Maryborough. This seemed so completely to exculpate Smith that the whole affair died a natural death. Only Mr. Timothy ltiordnn, storekeeper, remained firm to his first opinion. Whether it was because lie was an Irishman, or because he had known both men better than most, nothing could erase from his mind the sure conviction that Smith had done his mate to death in some way in order to secure his share of the gold they had gained. But it was only suspicion, after all, and for a long time it rested at that. Tucker Smith went on working by himself at Jackman'a Gully, but finally threw it up, and came into Gympie. He gave as his reason that " he couldn't make tucker, and it was too blnrmed lonely out there by him self." Then he took to drinking. Kiordan, ever suspicious and on the alert, watched him closely, and the more he saw of the man the more certain was he that he was guilty of his mate's death. Strange to say, Smith did not seem to avoid Kiordan, but rather courted his company. He was tmid of coming into his store half drunk and talking over his past experiences as a sailor. He would ramble on, some times muttering to himself, sometimes gesticulating violently, often losing the thread of what lie was saying, and actingand speaking like a man who had something on his mind. Though no, word of a secret crime passed his lips, and though Riordan's most conning endeavours failed to elicit the slightest proof or clue, still the storekeeper never doubted, and knowine that a man who was drinking hard could hardly escape disaster in the end. he waited patiently until chance or fate should put the required proof in (lis hands. So passed three weeks. At the end of that period Tucker Smith suddenly cleared out, All that time he had been drinking heavily, had had more than one at tack of deUrium tremens, and had conducted himself more like a maniac than a sane man. Riordan was only too glad to get rid of him. To plumb a mystery and right a wrong was all very well; but when it necessitated hav ing to do with such a character as Tucker Smith, well, it waBtime to think of oneself a bit first He fully thought Smith had rushed away to die a raving lunatic in the bush, and he philosophically consoled himself with the thought, that though he hail not himBelf brought the murderer to justice, a higher hand than bis had wreaked fall ven geance on hirti. - But it was not so. Retribution came in another and stranger fashion. About a week after Tucker Smith's flight Riordan had oocasion to visit a station twenty miles away. It lay to the west, and to reach it he had to cross Jackman's Gully, and traverse the full length of the marshy plain known as Jackmans Flats. Asa re sult of the abundant rain that had fallen, the place was a morass, in parts covered with water, but the trackaoross it-being a main road-was fair travelling for a rider. For this reason Riordan "took horse inBtead of buggy and aet out. He had finished the business he had come about, and was saddling up preparatory to re turning, when TockeriSp»uh appeared on .the scene and accosted him. "Hullo! you hem t^aid Riordan,astonished. " 1 thought jon were ont in the bush, What Are yon doing here f " Nothin' partic'Jar," he answered. " Found my way here by chanst." He was evidently "suffering a recovery." He looked ill, nerveless, ilaecid, hs a man would who had been soaking himself in spirits and then suddenly deprived himself of them. "Are you going back]?" he asked. "If BO I'll come with you. I've had enough of this place. I'm dyine for some more rum. I'll be a goner if I don't get some inside m ? soon." Kionlan didn't care particularly for his company, so he said shortly, " I'm riding." " Oh ! that's all right. I've got a horse and saddle. Bought 'em of a cove here as was 'ard up." Riordon made some further objections, but Smith pleaded that he was ill and feeling very lmd, and appealed to him as a friend to see him through ; BO that in the end they started out together on the road home. It was late when they left the place, for there had been some difficulty with Smith's horse. " Hut it don't matter, mate," said that worthy, as the.v set forth. " There'll be a moon to-night," 3T As they rode off, one of the stable-hands called out after them. " Keep to the track across the flats. It's as bogiry as h-I." Late as it was when they started, it appeared as though it would be a very great deal later before th»'y arrived at their desti nation, for after centering 011 for about ten minutes. Smith pull> d up, and with a white, driuvn face declared that he couldn't stand the jolting any longer. It " shook him to pieces" ; " gave him a pain like twisting a blooming knife into him " ; "knocked him all of a heap." At first Kiordan was for going on alone and leaving him, hut the man looked so wretchedly ill he had some compunctions in deserting him on that solitary track. In the end his Irish good nature asserted itself, ami he made op his mind to see him safely into Hie town. They fell into a walk and so continued, for Smith coula not endure any puce more rapid. Their progress was therefore ne cessarily slow, and by the time thev had got to the flats the moon had commenced to show herself. Constrained by hiB good-nature to stop, Riordan had all the way tried to turn the opportunity to good UBe. Seeing the nprvous, weak state Smith was in. he had brought , op the subject of Jim Davidson's disappearance, and harped upon it, hoping the man would make some admission. Then he tried to work on his fears, talked about ghosts haunt ing murderers, and the usual clap-trap of the kind that obtains among bushmen. Whether from this cause, or the jolting, or the loneli ness of the track, or whatnot. Tucker Smith's face grew paler and p*ler, and his nervous inanner more and moire pronounced, as they neared Jackman's Gully. And then occurred the strange event that eventually brought retribution. The moon was low down in the east, show ing a pale sickly light, glinting the shallow waters of the morass with a ghostly white ness. Faint mists seemed to wreathe them selves aloft from the water; a mournful sough filled the air that sounded like |he echo of htiahed voices far out on the Oats. Nothing oouH have been more dreary, no thing more depressing. There were no trips, onlyemall patohrtj of dark green scrub. They looked like bodies of mpn lying in Ihe water, so blapk were they against the pallid white Smith drew nearer his companion, and looked round, shuddering. When a curlew gave out its mournful ory, he himself called out, so shaken tfere his nerves. "Awful lonely place thiB, mate," he arid with a shiver. " Wish I had some rum jS gives me the honors." " A good place for Rhosts. I shouldn't be surprised now " Kiordan commenced when suddenly he broke off, and, for the moment, lie himself was shaken. For as he spoke, ft deep, heart-rendina groan sounded lrotn behind a clump 0f scrub near the track. Iloth men stopped dead. "Great God! what's that?" whispered Smith, with such horror and dr.«ad in hia voice that it scarcely sounded human. Again the nwful groan came to their eare and us they looked something white and indistinct rose up, seemed to wave in the air, then sank out of sight again with a dread, ful moan, lliordan's face blanched, Smith collapsed in his saddle, his hair bristling body and mind paralysed by fear. 1 "It's Jim's ghost-Jim's ghost!" he muttered wildly. Again there came to their ears that un earthly groan, and tor the second time the white, shapeless horror rose up and waved threateningly towards them. Then, as by a common impulse, both horses plunged forward, and the gruesome horror was left tar behind. That is the dramatic ending of the story. What followed is more commonplace. Carried away by his superstitious fears, Tucker Smith, before they reached the town! made a full confession to Riordan. The next dav the ill-fated Davidson's body wtw found buried in a neighbouring gully, and eventu ally Tucker Smith suffered the legal penalty of his crime. It remained for Mrs. Timothy Riordan to discover what the ghostly horror of the Flats really was. Tne storekeeper was a fairly strong-minded man, bat hi9 wile was a much more strong-minded woman. She pooh-poohed all ideasof ghosts,berated her husband for a fool, and in the end made him take her out to the spot in the family waggon. Then, with daylight to help, the mys tery was solved, for, lying bogged up ,0 her quarters in the mire, was nn old grey nanre, that groaned dismally as they ap proached, Her fore legs were free, resting on a olump of scrub, and as she caueht sight of Wtp substantial figure of Mrs. liiordan, she reared herself np on end and moaned mote lugubriously than ever. It has been computed that a hole one sixteenth of an inch In diameter, with a water pressure of 461b. per square inch, win liberate 648 gallons per day. A DUBIOUS tale of fotged notes cornea from Russia. For some tira** past a considerable number of spurious rouble notes had been noticed in circulation. Although it *9® believed that they came from abroad tnejr exact mode'of introduction baffled dewnwjj One day a case of lead pencils, described " hailing: from .England, passed through tn Russian Custom-bouse. One of the peno dropped out during the examination, ana WM promptly appropriated by one of tne offioials. He used it for a day or t wo, but on sharpening it asfooudtime he failed wfl» oover any more Jead. This. struck hun « being most remsrkflble-in an English ^ 