A PILGRIMAGE TO ITALIAN CITIES. No. 5. ROME RE VISITED. BY A BALLARAT LADY. We availed ourselves of the extension of time and returned to Rome for another week, staying this time in a pension. On Sunday, 1st April, we visited the church of San Lorenza outside the walls, a very fine old church with beautiful frescoes down each side of the nave On the right side are scenes in the life of St. Laurence, on the left scenes in St. Stephen’s life, painted by order of Pius 9th by Cseiare Fracassieu. We went down into a crypt and chapel, and saw the stone slab marked with blood stains, wbsre St. Lorenzo suffered martyrdom on the gridiron. Passing into the new sacristy we saw the most beautiful mosaics, and a per fect gem of a building. Here Pope Pius IX. is buried, and each year a grand requiem mass is said in the church on the anniver sary. The same afternoon I went to see the Bambino in the church of Santa Maria D’ara Cosh, a very old church, close to the museum of the capitol. A young priest on my saying ‘ baen biao’ bowed, smiled, and took me to a little side chapel, then opened a gold cabinet on the altar, and I beheld the little sacred jewelled figure. Many devout worshippers came near to the altar, fell on their knees, and kissed the feet of the infant moat reverently Once a year it is carried in a great procession round the church, and part of the town, I believe The Romans have great faith in its powers to cure sick ness. Returning from the church I came down the same Eight of steps Julius Ctesar descended on his knees after his conquest of Britain, and where Rienzi was dragged down by a Jewish mob. The Museum of the Capitol. In the Piazza is the magnificent squestrian statue in bronzs of Marcus Aurelius, the column that marked the first mile of the Appian Way, and at the top of the steps to the Piazza are the oollossal statues of Castor and Pollux In the gallery were many beautiful statues, but the three which interested me moat were ‘ The Dying Gladiator,’ a Greek work, ‘ The Venus’and ‘The Fawn' of Praxiteles, all gems of art. The first statue one could never forget; the second, 1 a thing of beauty and a joy for ever;’ the third, interesting as having suggested to Hawthorne the cha racter of Donatello in his story, 1 Trans formation ’ We noticed also the great statue of Juno, praised by Michael Angelo as * the most beautiful thing in Rome ’ Perhaps the ‘Venus' was not there then, as it ranks with the greatest works of art the world has ever seen. The date and plice of its dis oovery are unknown. In the picture gallery opposite are several fine works by the old masters, Rubens, Titian, Vandyke, Guido Rem, &o; St. Fetronillea Z Guercino is here; date 1666, and St Sebastian Z Guido Reni, and many Madonnas In Churches, Palaces, and Villas The Church of St Maria del Popolo, in the fine square of that name, is erected on the spot where Nero was buried, 1099 ‘ Bis ghost, it was thought, lingered about Monte Pincio, and to put an end to these terrors the Church of Santa Maria del Popolo was erected ’ The picture on the high altar is attributed to St Luke; subject, the Virgin. The Chigi chapel in this church is one of the most celebrated in Rome. Raphael gave the designs for the dome, and Bernini executed the two statues, Daniel and Habakkuk, Luther was for some time resident in the monastery belonging to this church when in Rome. PaUzzo Barbenni.—The ceiling of the large saloon is covered with splendid frrs ones of the ‘ Triumph of Glory,’ by P. da Cortona. In the picture gallery is found the portrait of Beatrice Oeuoi, by Guido Rem, the gem of this collection, and one of the most celebrated pictures in Rome, taken, same say, the night before her execution; others say painted from memory after Guido had seen her on the scaffold. It shows a sad, beautiful face. There were other pictures, including ‘ Jesus with the Doctors, ’ by Albert Durer, and ‘The Holy Family,’ by Anchea del Sarto, &o; ; but for the tourist the gallery has only the one picture, the Beatrice, you want to see, no other. We paid a visit to Frascati, a place about 13 miles out on the hills beyond the Cam pagna. The train takes a great sweep round, so we had a view of Rome all the way, and also of Frascati upon the hill side long before we got there. We reached our destination in 43 minutes, and bad a look ronnd the small town, dating from the 13th century, and built on one of the Tuioulam hills. We went into a very old church, or rather cathedral, of the place, dedicated to St. Peter, but we refused the very pressing offers of the cabmen to drive us out to Tus culam, a ruined town higher up on the hills, and noted as the birthplace of Cato and the scene of Cicero's Tusoulan dis putations. We preferred to spend most of our time in the icharming grounds of the Villa Belvedere, belonging to the wealthy Borghese family From one of the terraces we had a very fine view over the far spread mg Campagua, looking just Ilka the sea on a hazy summer’s day, the smoke of Rome and St. Peter’s Dome being distinctly visible. After we had walked some miles along one of the lonely roads in the park, the hills on the other side looked very near and several little villages came in sight. We wondered how the people got their provisions up the steep hills, and in the valloy between men were busy working in the vineyards under a broiling sun, and all round us were olive and pine trees On our return into town we looked into the Church of St. Maria degli Angeli, a very interesting one, altered by Michael Angelo and containing a monument to him, and also the tombs of Salvator Rosa, Carlo Marattn, Ac. Here is also a fine statue of St Bruno, by the French sculptor, Bnudan. Clement XFV. said of it—“lt would speak if the rule of his order did not prescribe silence.’ In the chancel two fine pictures that had been altar pieces in St Peter’s—one St. Sebastian, by Domenichino, and the other the ' Baptism of Christ,’ Carlo Maratta. A Battle of Flowers On stn April the Corao was very gaily decorated with flags and flowers, preparatory to the battle. There were great crowds of people in the streets and on the balconies and at windows. What a contrast, out of the musty old churches and ruins into modern Rome, where the fine shops and the driving and the crowds on the narrow pavements reminded one forcibly of London, in its busiest streets We were very agreeably surprised with the Rome of to-day, there is so much life in it, such fine streets, so many foreigners, some 20,000 tourists being in the city at Easter; the medical congress helping to swell the num bers. Every hotel and boarding house was full It being a lovely afternoon any num ber of carnages turned out, moat of the ocoupants were supplied with flowers which they threw into each other’s conveyances, and those that missed the mark were soon caught np by the people in the street For a time it was very amusing to watch the masses so evidently enjoying the gay scene. At night the city was illuminated. In Florence. Next morning we left for Florence. We had a pleasant but somewhat hot jmrney of five hour-’duration. The next morning wo visited the Duomn, the exterior is very fine, of many different colored marbles, the fsgade remains unfinished even to this day. Brnnellischi designed the great dom°, from which Michel Angelo took his for St Peter s, and Giotto had a hand, as well as many other architects, in the construction of the building. The interior is very large, 555 feet long It is rather dark, disappointing and plain after some of the gorgeous churches in Rome, but there are very many frescoes, paintings, and sculpture of great value, Ruskin says of the interior of the Dunmo, “ That the most studious ingenuity could not produce a design for the interior of a building which should more com pletely bide its extent, and throw away ■very common advantage of its magnitude ” Close to the Duomo is the Baptistry, a most interesting little octagon bnilding, finished in the eighth century, the roof since altered. We examined minutely the splen did bronze gates, three fn number, which Michael Angelo laid were ‘ worthy to be the gates of Paradise,’ the figures are so ininats and yet so wonderfully wrought. The roonen are from both Old and New Tests moot These are the celebrated Ghiberti gates, of which so many casts are exhibited in our museums, Rugby and elsewhere The first door took 20 years, the second oven longer, to construct. We next visited tne Pil»zzo Vacohio, originally the seat of the Government of the Republic, built in 1293. In the entrance court are some beautifully carved marble pillars, and a fountain wirh small figure (a boy with a fish) by Veraoohio Up stairs, in the Great Hall, is a fine statue of Savonarola; the free cues on the walls are by Vasari, and illustrate the history of Florence, a room in teresting because oonstrnoted under direc tions by Savonarola, and in which Victor Emmanuel addressed audiences Beneath the same roof we saw the chapel where Savonarola partook of the sacrament just before he went out into the piazza to die in 1493\. On the ether side of the piazza is the Loggia del Lanzi, erected in 1373. It con tains some five groups of statuary. In this partially covered in corridor no guards are on watch; the fine works are quite safe both with the people and the lovely climate of Florence. One afternoon we went to sea ' a garden of sleep,’ the now disused English cemetery, and got the caretaker to pom taut ts ns the graves of Elizabeth Barrett Browning, Walter Salvage Landor, Theodore Parker, and Hiram Power, I was moat interested in Landoc’s tomb, because he was born in the old town of Warwick, where, in’St. Mary’s Church, there is a monument lately erected to his memory, and he lived for years at the village of Bishop Sachbrooke, near Warwick, so it reminded me »f home. How quickly thought travels. Florence and Warwick, and many other memories in a minute. 