NEW ANGLICAN CHURCH AT SEABROOK. (FROM A CORRESPONDENT ) Seabrook is the name given to a newly laid out townsite twenty miiles from Beverley, on the Great Southern Railway, near what has hitherto been known as the Brookton siding. The surviving relatives and the numerous friends of the late John Seabrook, of Brookton, will rejoice that his honoured name will now find permanent record amongst the names of towns in the colony and in the neighbourhood where he spent so many years in quiet, unostentatious pioneer work. The new Anglican Church will be built on a grant of land kindly given by the Government, and is in a good position, al- though it is a matter of general regret that a corner grant was not given. The rector of the parish of Beverley - Canon Groser - and his zealous lay reader, Mr A. E. Woodruff, have kept up a series of services in this part of the parish for years, and the oft-expressed wish of the residents for a church in some central position to meet the wants of the many families residing within a radius of ten miles, is now about to be realised. Seabrook was en fete on St. Valentine's Day, and round the foundations of the church there were over 100 visitors and residents assembled to take part in a stone laying ceremony, a sight no doubtt new to many of them. The Rector, Canon Grosser, had charge of the ceremony, which was carried out most successfully. He was assisted by Mr. A. E. Woodruff, lay- reader, and chorister , Mr. Howard Evans acting as preceptor, and Miss Agnes Groser as organist. Suitable pray- ers, psalms, and hymns were followed by the Canon reading the document, which was afterwards placed by Mrs. Groser in the cavity under the stone. The following is a copy of the document, which was accom- panied by an account from the WESTERN MAIL of the enthronement of Bishop Riley: - " In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. " St. Mark's Church, Seabrook, Beverley. " The foundation stone was laid by Phoebe Groser, wife of Canon Groser, rector of the parish of Beverley, on St. Valentine's Day, February 14, 1895. The occassion is very happily connected with the first days of the episcopate of the Right Rev. C. O. L. Riley, D.D., who was enthroned Bishop of Perth February 5th, 1895. this being the first foun- dation stone laid since that event. The res- dents in this part of the pariah are thankful to Almighty God that this long cherished desire of theirs is about to be fulfilled, and the privilege of having in their midst a house of prayer for the worship of God accom- plished. Charles Eaton Groser, BD., Rector of Beverley and Canon of Perth ; A. E. Woodruff, lay-reader; Robert L. S. Crawford, treasurer and secr- tary ; Albert W. Robinson, Samuel Williams, John McGrath, William White, committee; Howard Evans, hon. architect; Thos. Davy, contractor.'' The ceremony of laying the foundation stone was then gracefully performed by Mrs. Groser in the name of the Holy Trinity, and on the Canon's invitation free will offerings were laid on the stone, whilst addresses were delivered by the Canon, Dr. Davies, Mr. Woodruff, and the architect. The sum of £10 5s. 6d. was thus collected and the cere- mony ended with a hymn and the blessing. The day was overcast and rain threatened, but none fell, and the weather was most pleasant one. The refreshment department was arranged in a large shearing shed belonging to Mr. Crawford, which had been beautifully decorated for the occasion. The tables were loaded with provisions substantial and other- wise, and everything which could add to the comfort of the many guests and visitors was most thoughtfully provided. The whole was free will offering on the part of the residents and friends, and the total proceeds of the day's catering amounted to over £12, thus making the total, receipts for the day over £22. After dinner several loyal toasts were indulged in in liquor which cheered without inebriating, and short speeches were given by the Rector, Mr. Craw- ford, Mr. S. Williams, and others. Where all concerned assisted so heartily it might seem invidious to name any, but all agreed that the exceedingly great exertions of Mr. and Mrs. Crawford and Miss Seabrook of Brookton, deserved special recognition. The absence of Mr. and Mrs. Robinson, of Sunning Hill, through severe domestic affliction, was the subject of universal interest, as they have taken a prominent part in the movement for the erection of the church. The other members of the committee have also persevered through many difficulties and all rejoice now in the early prospect of seeing a ohurch in their midst. Those efforts have been most assi- duously seconded by the Rev. Canon Groser, This will form the sixth church now in the Parish of Beverley - three of which have been built and one added to the parish since the Canon became Rector of Beverley. Cricket and lawn tennis were indulged in during the afternoon and the honours of the cricket fell to the Pingelly team. They had come a long way and no one grudged them their victory. . The total value of «takes won in the United Kingdom during 1894, exclusive of matches and private sweepstake* (which amounted to £875), was t*-lu England, £435,653 10s. t in Scotland, £11,238 ; and in Ireland, £18,801 17s.'2d.. 111,1874 the amount won in atakee was In England, £806,958 19». j in Foot* land; £8,816 ; and In IreUnd. £11,876. In ,16B4:ihe>ainonnti were t**»Iu-England £381, 