DIOOESE OF BALLAltAT. PASTORAL LETTElt. JAMES, By the Grace of God and Favour of the Holy Apostolic See, 13I8IIOP 01' HALLAJUT, To the Beloved Clergy and Laity of the Diocese of Ballarat: Health and Benediction in Christ Jesus BKVKBKNU AND DBA.K BUKTIIUKN, ^ In a few days we commence the Holy Season of Lent, a time, as you aro aware, sot apart for fasting, prayer, and ponanae and preparing ourselves for the iotdival of our Lord's Resurrection; and, in order that we may share in His victory over sin and the powers of hell, we ought to enter into the spirit of thiB holy seaRon and meditate on sin, death, and judgment. The Chtrcb puts before her children at this time these solemn truths and our eternal destiny. She knows the weakness of our fallen nature, the temptations of the devil, and the distraction* of the world, all of which beguile us from th&t; narrow path that leads to the happy and everlasting home of our Heavenly Father. Yes, our Holy Mother at this time remind* her children of their tnortality. 8he brings before their minds on the first day of Lent, when placing the aaored ashes on their head*, that death is inevitable. Theae thoughts are moBt salutary, surrounded as We are by so many obstacles that divert our minds from meditating on these truths, and prone to pat suoh considerations aside, fearing they might interfere with our present enjoyments. This is why the Church brings before her children *t this time these important truth*. She knows that they bring terror and dismay into the heart of the sinner { tat while khe thus remind* him of <h« terrible throats whioh her Divine Founder hiw uttered against the impenitent stnner, the adds these consoling word* of th* Apostle—" Now is this aocoptablo time; now is the day of salvation" (2 GOT., vi„ 2), ff only tbey trill avail themselves of the means which aro provided. In mercy, then, this time of fasting and prayer has been given to us, and it is one of the countless benefits that God baa bestowed upon us, many of which wo may have abused by Bin. This may bo the last admonition He will give to many of us. Let us, then, take advantage of this coming Lent, and let these words of onr Saviour sink deeply into our hearts— "Unless you do ponance, roil shall all likewise perish (Luke xtii., 3). The holy Fathers tell us that after the sbipwreok of our baptismal innocence by sin it is the only plank by which we oan be saved. Yet, though all-iinportant and absolutely necessary as this doctrine of penance is, how many are there who nave a repugnance to it. And why is this ? Can any one be so presumptuous as to think that he fulfils the Divine law with exactitude, that ho performs every good work that God requires of him P No, there is not one can say that he is in that state that God requires bitn to be ih order that He may kneel before Him and utter, " Lord, I have not committed any fault against Theo that remains unre pented of." We know thkt suoh an assumption on our part would be as repugnant to reason as it is to truth and fact. The Divine word informs us that we do not know whether wo are worthy of love or hatred. In vain, then, shall we endeavour to flatter ourselves that our eternal salvation is secure, while the testimony of our own conscience declares aeainBt us. Hence, then, if penance is at I times necessary for the tiihner, it is particularly so now at this holy season, and, though proclaimed to us by the Divine law, the Churoh regulates nnd enforces its obligation. The Apostles, Fathers, and Counoils of the Church ail agree in teaching thiB doctrine. When, therefore, a man has once had the misfortune of banishing the Holy Ghost from his BOUI by mortal sin, he cannot be restored to grace fcnd favotir unless he produces fruits worthy of penance, and these cannot be produced unless the sinnbr is filled with sorrow and detestation for his sins, having confessed them to the minister of God 111 tho Sacred tribunal of Confession. We ate, as you know, on our jbiirney through the dark and dreary wilderness of thiB world to our new and everlasting home. Our guides and lights are those channels of grace and Divine love instituted for us in the Sacrament of Penance and the Adorable Sacrament of the Altar. These, united by prayer, are our great helps. They are the weapons we are to make use of against the flesh, the world, and the devil, which are bur Common enemieB. How necesfcary is it not, then, that we should all, both priestB and people, be united in our efforts in order to be successful in this momentouB work—a work so important that all earthly considerations dwindle into insignificance when compared with it, for " What gUaU'lt profitTt'fcuin if he gain the whrfle loss of his sorfil'yMark viii.. 36).\ giuoe, then we afro fill efMftyflj^Ua this most importapt jrork of our salvation, and have the same .Object jn,-vuiw»;.fctir spiritual lnterestasgamg fbtfu^typ'toRether, we should uniti^nweifortfto g«in success. Having fulfilled this duty in a truly penitential spirit, we shall render our faBting and alms deeds meritorious. In order to make our fasting acceptable to God it must be accompanied not only Willi a truly penitential spirit, but also by the performance of works of charity. Nothing tends so much to put our enemies to flight, nothing brings down with vo much efficacy tho blessings of hoaven on our undertakings. Henoo the exhortation of St. Paul to the Philippians —" Fulfil ye my joy, 'aays he, "that you may be one mind, J having tho same charity, being of or.e accord, agreeing in sentiment. Let nothing be done through contention., neither by vain glory { but in humility let eaoh esteem other* better than themselves; weh one not considering the things that are his own, but those that are other men's" (Philippians ii., 2, 3, 4). These words of the Apostle should sink deeply < into our hoarts, particularly at tins holy time. Indeed, at all times this important precept of charity is ioculoated in the inspired pages of Holy . y* . i* our mind and actions with r the M lore U t t of i l e a God. We are told that this u the plentitude of the law, that" it oovereth a multitude of sins," that" it is the bond of perfection," that "it is the end of the Commandments." Whilst we are oareful to keep this intenor unity whioh is the bond of peace, we must ahow its effeots in the aetionsof __ Jaily lives. "Lot us not," a* St. John tells us, "love in word norin tongue, but in deed and in truth." Our charity > must not consist in mere expressions of good-will, it must manifest itself in the services we render our neighbour in distress. The rich and well-to-do in this country have sever had so large a field opened to them, and an opportunity of gaining so much merit. From every quarter the cry for aid to all our oharitable institutions has been heard—institutions many of them at the present time in great need of your help. Unloss we are animated with this spirit of charity towards others, and be merciful to God's poor, Ho will not extend his favour to us, or console us in our trials and difficulties, "Be merciful that you may receive meroy." We exhort you, then, dearly beloved, to keep before your minds the rewards that await the charitable. In Nazareth House you have an excellent opportunity of assisting the orphans and the aged poor of Jesus Christ under the charge of the good sisters. These are your special care at this holy season, and are given in charge to you by Our Divine Lord j they are god's children equally as we are. We should remember that Jesus Christ will receive as done to Himself whatever we shall have done to relieve His suffering poor. "Amen, I say to you, as long as you did it to one of these My least brethren you did it unto Me," " ~ Surely none of us can refuse to have compassion on those suffering members of Jesus Christ. They are made to His image and likeness, and are members of His mystio body. Once more we deem it our duty to remind pastors and people of the great responsibilities imposed upon them with respect to the question of education and the strict account they shall have to render as to how they have discharged the duties incumbent upon them. Our position in reference to the State system is unchanged. We are still obliged to pay one-fourth of the heavy expense of this godless system, and at the same time to maintain our own schools; this injustice we have now borne over twenty-two years. Our objection to it is as strong to-day aB it was when the Act was first introduced. The Church of God never oeases to raise her voice in condemnation of the vicious and dangerous principles of the secular | system of education. Her position as guardian, teacher, and protector of the youth of her fold she haft received from God Himself, and can never surrender. She cautions parents of the rigid account they shall have to render of the care and guardianship of their children, and that their own salvation will depend on the manner in which they fulfil this trust. God has given them tho care of those children, and it extends to both their souls and bodies either for good or evil. They are bound to protect their spiritual life as well as to provide for their temporal wants. Now, it is only in our own schools that both these interests are provided for; they go hand in hand, and cannot be separated. How often has it been said that secular knowledge is not education, and that of itself it contributes little or nothihg to the possessor of it P Should not the experi ence of ages convince us that mere human knowledge will not always bring to man virtue and happiness P On the contrary, do we not find the greatest talents and the most extensive attainments associated in the Bame individual with the greatest crimes and the most deplorable degradation P What sad exatnples of this clasB do we not see in this country the result of the secular system of instruction where religion is divorced from secular knowledge. This colony has been taught a very lad lesson. While tho moraljcondition of its youth has been on the downward grade, has not the enormous expenditure lavished on the system since its introduction been one of the prinoipal causes of our present financial troubles p We have frequently foretold that this system would break down by its own weight; and the tlllhllAVMtM<4 ... , J V in " • »UU ^ ifiv public mmd is now undergoing a great . "fc-uee on the question. We hope, then _ day iB not far distant when our legislators and the people of Viotoria will come to recognise our just claims to a share of the Bum annually votfed for primary education. In the meantime we trust, dear brethren,* that you will co- operate With your worthy pastors in the great work of Catholic education which we have been c&hrying; on so long, and with such success as to evoke even the admiration of oar non-Catholic fellow-colonists, and that you will continue to support, as hitherto, your own schools, We have visited all of them during the pant yfcar, and are irlad t« say that, through the zeal of our devoted clergy, they aro in a highly efficient state, and are oonduoted bv competent teacher* who are giving 8at{B. faonon. prayer, morUHoation, and penaaoe. and a works of charity, we sG mrtiit" pleasing to Almighty God. And let us place ourselves under the protection of the Immaculate Mother of God, the Patroness of our diooese, and ask of her to obtain from her Divine Son grace and strength to perform these duties. Let us especially pray that the youth of our diocese may, through her intercession, be preserved in their faith and innocence. Under her powerful protection, and uniting our prayers with the whole church, we shall even, in this life receive grace and strength and happiness, and in the next the eternal joys of the just. The peace of Oar Lord Jesns Christ be with you all. Amen. •JT JAMBS, Bishop of Ballarat. St. Patrick's, 17th February, 1895. REGULATIONS FOE LENT, 1805. Whilst the Law of the Lenten l^aat continues in full force, which allows nly one meal each day, to which a ollation (from general usage) may be awfully added, we, at the same time, y virtue of powers received from the oly See, allow the use of flesh meat at the one meal on oil days of the week, except Wednesdays and Fridays, Saturday of Quarter Tense, and Monday of Holy Week. Flesh meat Is allowed at dinner oii Holy Saturday. There Is no 4-estrlctlon on the use of flebh meat on Suhdays. The UB6 of lard and dripping Is allowed on all days during Lent, except Ash Wednesday and Good Friday, also on all other fast days and days of abstinence during the year. Fish and flesh meat cannot be used at the same meal. On Wednesdays and Fridays, the Saturday of Quarter Tense, and Monday of Holy Week, eggs, butter, cheese, and milk are allowed at the one meal, and, In general, they may be used at whatever ineai flesh meat Is permitted. The use of milk Is not allowed on Ash- Wednesday atid Good Friday. A little butter may be used whenever, according bo custom, a slight refreshment is allowed, us at the collation, except on Ash Wednesday and Good Friday. Persons under twenty- one years of ore, though not bound to fast, are obliged to abstain. Those who are advanced in old age, or engaged In hard labour, are likewise not bound by the law of fasting. In doubtful cases of exemption, arising from some corporal Infirmity, or any other cause, dispensation may be granted by feny clergyman exercising faculties id the diocese. No dispensation Is, however, valid without a just cause. The faithful are obliged, under pain of mortal sin and penalty of excommunication ,to receive Holy Communion during Paschal time, which commences on Ash Wednesday and terminates on the Octave Day of SS. Peter and Paul. In order that every opportunity should be afforded the faithful of the diocese to assist at Maas dally during this Holy Season, the Pastors of each mission are requested to have a fixed and convenient hour for this purpose. Devotions with Rosary and Lecture every evening, and on Tuesday and Thursday evenings Benediction of the most Blessed Sacrament The hours at which confessions arc heard should be also published. The office of Holy Week will take place In the principal church of each mission. •J JAMES, Bishop of Ballarat. 