'BOUT TOWN. (By 'A Ghost.') ' But that I'm forbid I could a tale unfold whose lightest word would harrow up thy soul.' — Shakespeare. The greatest godsend to an Australian politician is those misleading voterhood winking terms Protection aud Freetrade. They are his raw material and without them he could not manufacture the shovelsful of sand, often called 'solid lumps of argu ment ' which he slings off, iu what' are uuuueu apeecnes into tae eyes of the public. This district prides it self upon having sent to Parliament a free trader, but we who are u doomed for a time to walk this earth ' know that it (the dis trict) has returned as rank a protectionist as it iB possible to imagine. How can a man call himself a freetrader who believes in and clamours in the House, for the -whole of the revenue to be raised by a tax upon the raw material of any one industry ? The land is the only raw material we have about here. * * * Premier Reid has made his Budget speech and swelling up with the importance of it. If he had bust and drowned like some of the professional politicians, of these days, his name woald get handed down to posterity as a man who died for his country. * * * The principal expenditure in the country's ledger for which revenue is required is the . policeman and the schoolmaster.' Big boys lear one and email boys both of them. Our grog pays about a third of it. Then why make Australasia's ratir material, the land, pay the rest ? We pause for a reply. *#* Tbe past week bas produced a Cricketers' Concert, and discovered iu our midst some musical talent. The last fact being due perhaps to the rule that like breeds like, or the instinct which' prompts tbe fly to the dead horse. The fame of the Hay Orchestra since they got that big fiddle has do. doubt reached to the furthermost parts of Aus tralia, for from off the plain the other day strolled a little man with a little fiddle nnder his arm and straightway muchly agitated our catgut scrapers. The cricketers made a good catch ana scored two runs with him at the concert. The fiddler took an innings on Saturday night at Tuttersall's for his own benefit and the cricketers were conspicious by their absence which explodes the time worn fallacy that one good turn deserves another. *** Then there was ' Miss Addie.' Awful sly dogs them cricketers to go and spring 4ier-on-os eo -suddenly like. _ If it had only been known, the front seats would bave gone at a premium, She was so bewitchingly bewildering that after the first verse no body ' knew where 'e are.' Several fielders in Lrying to take her at cover point were clean bowled, middle stump. When the concert was over another bloke took her away. Addie not I Who can tell. The ohief regret in some quarters was that he had not taken her away before the concert commenced. Another 'cross' for you Mr Acocks. # * * I feel I am on dangerous ground j for Addie objects to such criticism asuppejred in your contemporary. That writer appeared very wrath ; but I was there and saw that he suiiled as broadly, and watched the lady's tnovemements as intently as any of the ' gods but then, you know, he was out alone that evening, and his preaching and practice did not go hand iu hand, Addie has reason to complaiu, and she doeB ; so. that I should not advise the scribe to go to her to have his hand read, or assuredly he 'will feel the- -weigh tmf ~hers.',i-My*dvice-isr ' Johnny,' keep outof her way, for her state of mind may bo described thus— No love born swain io lady's bower, E're pmted for the appointed hour, As she, until before her stand, This irate Editor and his inky pen. * * Last Friday night, the people who were entertained so enjoyably by tne local opera coy., got themselves together again, and went in for a nice little hop and real rockety romp. How those girls did enjoy themselves ! The ins and outB, the turns and crosses, of that strange looking affair, called the quadrille, seems, wheu iu coin* pauy with her beat hoy to excite the prettiest smiles, and all her moat winsome graces. * * ,rGel yer 'air cut.' The poor bah-sheep all round are now getting shorn, and skin and hair, or wool, is flyiog round tbe 'wool, shed. Wool away ! Tar on neck 1 The bleat of sheep, the B^arcely audible oath of tbe shearer as he bonds in serious earnest* ness over his victin-B,.and a running accom* paoyment of clip I clip I clip I is all there is to hear or see. Yet tne amount, tho quality and the price of that golden fleece the boy just carried to a table, are all objects of strong interest to Australasia. v Joe Rawcsley made some very good bite in his Btump speech ot the Cricketers' Coo. cert ; bnt the question has been asked what does Joe know about popular songs when Hay was discovered . The only . songs heard were those of the Magpie and that old bird, the Laughing Jackass The latter still rings, not ouly in the bushr but' in more populous centres. However, that's not Joe's fault. His speeoh threw some life into the monotony oaused by ao many encores, and he deserves the thanks of the audienoe for his lively, sallies of wit, aod pungent criti. cismB of -the shortcomings . of .the ' would be's and are Aot'S ' of . this nfost important forty-year-old city of 'the plains. Though only a vapory BpectetOr of mundane things I can say, ?' Joe, old hoy, when yon coma again put more currants in the buo.' *?* : : &}an in an imitative animal, and the mem bets of tbe local Opuncil have that bump largely developed. They are aping Parlia. nenfc by_loiif» sittings and streams of empty talk, when Berious business is on they try to be fanny, and of course fail, and vie/, versa. The result of three-and-a-half hours sitting on Monday night was that they did not understand Witcombe's motion about debentures, and their mouthB watered for the fat billet of secretary to the Pastoral Association ; bnt they can't get it. That's the sore point. As , the hard-hearted clerk gets the £100 a-year as seoretaiy of the show, he should do - tbe Oounoil's -work for a hundred less. That's about the depth of the logio of the Council experts on finance. When the Councillors get off the dead horse traok, Desmond's screw, or a Btray cow, they flounder. It's all economy with them, and they 'can't change it.' If they did they would have nothing to talk about, ? V Monday afternoon, 3 p.m. Velocity ot wind, 200 miles ! Sim of dust, nothing nnder half a brick I Thermometer, 120 under the ohin ! A k seoond-hand winter suit, overcoat, and half a blanket, for sal, cheap. Apply— 'Ghost' this office, , The Sydney Macintosh Agenoy, 148 Sing Street— are clearing season's stock... 