The Per a the Woman (Published by Special Arrangement with Seesars. Ward, Lek, and Bowden, Ltd.) OCHAPTER X. BT TIlE OHGMBEI t 01? DATE ! A careless servant had turned the yenetian blinds the wrong way, and a struggling moonbeam had forced its way into the stately bedchamber. Across the dark crimson carpet it cast long. trembling bars of light, and shone on the stiff, cold sheets of the canopied bed and on the ghastly face of the man who lay there. But it was a great room, and the poor little moonbeam could do no more than feebly illuminate one very small corner of it. The'. rest was wrapped in a veil of thick darkness. Silent as the dead! Silent as death! Common phrases enough, but pecu liarly expressive. There was death in this room, death and a deep breathless silence. For it was .the: face of a corpse round whidh.:that moonbeam was, playing. Skilful hands had bandaged his throat and had laid out his 5tiff, lifeless limbs,, and Lord Alceston, Earl of Harrowdean, lay in state, waiting for the morrow, when his body would go to its last resting place. Hark! A sound at last, breaking in upon the solemn .stillness! A strange sound, too;-the/low rustling of a woman's skirts' along the broad corridor. At last it ceased just outside the door; then was the?,stealthy turn ing of a. handle, and a tall black form softly entered. The door wasclosed again. Again there was silence. She moved toward?&hebedside;, but slowly. Long before her dark form had emerged from the 'shadows the sound of her quick, anxious breathing betrayed her whereabouts. At last she glided out of the darkness and stood between the window and the bedside, in the focus of the moonlight. The quivering' beams played upon a face set and rigid as marble, ghastly and coiourless, yet desperate. It was the face of the Gountees of Harrow dean. She was close to the bedside now, close to the mass of odorous sweet scented flowers, whose delicate per fume hung heavily about the confined atmosphere-close to that white, rigid form, colourless as the damask sheets -most awesome, most fear. inspiring of all human sights-the corpse from which the last breath has parted, the last spark of life died out. Once those lips, now cold as clay, had burned against hers. Once those eyes, now closed and dim, had looked fondly into hers, now filled with a soft, gentle love-light, now full of passion and fire, and, she had loved him! G od ! how she had loved him! Three times stooping down, until her breath fall hot upon his face, she stretched out. her hand, and three ames she withdrew it again. Sho turned away with a-'little moan of despair, like the last cry of a hunted animal. Ii seemed to her that. her task was an impossible one. She could not touch him.. It was sacri lege, desacration. It stirred into revolt all her emotions; she -shrank from it'ns from some deed of shame, and yet-yet it must be done, and now. To-morrow the opportunity would have gone for ever. To-morrow would be to late. Her' hand descended'again, and rested'. upon his arm. Ah!it was there. The hand which she had been holding dropped heavily from her _erveless fiugers and, fell upon the sheets with a little• thud. . She stag gered back egainst the wall and leaned there, crouching back against it with her hiands clasping her throb bing hefd and her eyes rivetted upon the sheets. Her white lips moved slowly in a half-uttered prayer. Oh for strength, a little strength, just to keep her from going mad! When she moved again her limbs were stiff and her movements mechani cal. Without hesitation she took up again his arm and turned the shirt sleeve up above the elbow. The long white arm 'with its blue veins lay ex posed to the moonlight, and high up something was glistening and shining in the flood of eilvery light. Her fngers closed around it, hiding it from view. For a moment her whole frame shook with excitement, and then a little sob of relief burst, from the trembling lips. She. withdrew her hand aid slipped something into the pocket of her dressing-gown. The long wh~ite arm lay there still.upon its bed of flowere and perfumed,-linen. But something had gone-something which had been there when that arm had flourised a dripping sword and waved an eager regiment on to victory-something which had been there when that. arm had trembled with the fierce gesticulations of the orator who was compelling the wild tumultuous applause of an ex cited senate house- something which had been there when the arm which it had encircled had been' pressed by royal fingers. Dangers and sickness, triumphs and glory, it. had seen, and when the.last breath had quitted the body, and his life had gone out like a suddenly:quenched laep;, it had re 'mained. . But severance: had come at last. ' Another sound breaking the hushed silence of the sleeping house! Slight though it was, she heard it, and the blood in ler veins ran cold as ice from head to foot. She trembled, and her shaking knees almost gave way'be -eath her. A footetep .in the corri dor! Alight, firm footstep, drawing nearer and nearer. It,. st ped, and her heart gave a great throb. She 'clutched at .the wall 'for support, shrinking back against it with reeling senses andwith dilated eyes fixed upon the 'door. The handle? was softly turned, a tall. figure, .entered. Sh·e with the quivering moonlight shining upon her 'ghostly face convuleed with' .terror, he barely visible, stepping outi from the deep shadows. Mother and son stood:face to face.. CHAPTER XI. '? OlOSTS. GOs~oTs. At first it seemed to her as though she must yield to the deadly faintness which was already clouding her senses.; Surely this must be some hideous dream-the flower-strewn bed, cold and ghastly in the moonlight, the uncovered arm, and her son's pale questioning face, stern and sad, loom ing out of the black shadows. Was it a dream, and he a ghost? Alas! no, for his lips were slowly parted, and the deathlike stillness was broken by his quick, agitated words: 'Mother ! You here! and - What has happened? What have you been doing ? ' I could not rest. I came-to look at him-once more,' she faltered. He pointed to the disarranged white garments, to the bare arm of the figure on the bed. He asked no questions; he simply pointed, and looked at her. What did it mean? Nothing which she had imagined to herself had been so awful as this. That she should stand face to face with him, of all people in the world, and have to anewer that look of almost fierce inquiry. What should she do ? What should she do ? 'I will tell you-presently,' she gasped. ' Ask me nothing now. I am faint. This has upset me.' . With trembling fingers she re covered his;:arm. and smoothed down the drapeiies on the bed. ' Then shei turnedhalf-fearfully Mound. He wa8 standing . quite still, waiting for her, with a. white set look on his face that made her heart sink.. ;He was her son, but he would be a hard inquisitor. What was she to tell him'? Anything -anything but the truth! 'I cannot stop-here,' she said. ' Take me back to my room.' He stretched out his arm, and she leaned heavily.upon it. Slowly they moved across the darkened room and gained the door. Outside, in the dimly-lit corridor, she :seemed to breathe more freely. 'It was foolish of me to come,' she said in a whisper. \- He looked d own at her. 'You had a purpose?' Ay, a purpose! Had she not a purpose? And he was seeking to know it; he would try to wrest it from her. He calm, strong, and self- reliant, against her-weak, shaken, and fearful. How, was she to resist him-how to evade his questions? The thought of it made her shudder. They had reached the door of her room, and she had paused, hop ing that he might go. But he only waited until she had passed in, and then he followed her, closing the door after him. She sank wearily into her low chair, and buried her face in her hands. He drew himself up before her and spoke. ' Mother,' he said, 'am I asking you a hard, an unreasonable thing, when I ask you to tell me what motive you had in going-there to-night, and what you had .been doing? I think not. Why should there be secrets between us? Am I not your son, and was he not my father as. well as your husband? I will never rest-never-until I have discovered the secret of his death. I have sworn it! Don't you feel like that, too? You must! Let us helpone another in this ... Our object is the same.' Hie ceased, and, waited for an answer. None came. She kept her face hidden from him, buried in her hands; and he thought at first that she was weeping. But when she looked up he saw that the dry, burn ing eyes were tearless. 'Mother,' he went on, speaking more rapidly, 'it has been a new idea to me altogether that there should have been any mystery or secret cloud in connection with-him. Yet something of the sort there must have been, and- forgive me--but it seems to me that you must have known-must know-a little of it. What does it all mean? Neillson's flight, your strange manner, and your visit to his room alone, and at this hour ? If you know anything at all and you must know a good deal-why not tell me and help me to gain a clue ? Surely you cannot wish his murderer to escape? God fdrbid!' 'It may be better so,' she mur mured. ' Oan you doubt but that God will punish ?' 'That is what you said before;, mother,' he answered, 'and I tell you again that God's punishment would be too slow for me. I cannot rest while this thing remains undiscovered.' She shook her head. ' Has it never occurred to you that this secret may be one which it were best: the world did not know?' she said, softly. 'In telling me youare not telling the world,' he answered. ' Whatever it was, I am his son, and I have a right to know it. I am his avenger, and I will know it.' She looked at him calmly. Booner or later' this must be faced. Better now, perhaps, Ct-n at any other time. ' Never from me,' she said, in a low firm tone. He looked at her astonished. 'Do you mean this, mother?' he exclaimed. 'I do.' 'You meani that you will tell me nothing? You mean that though what you know might bring his mur derer to justice, you will still keep it to yourself ?' ' I;do, Bernard. If at this moment I could see before me your father's murderer I'would let him go in peace.' I would not'.touch him. If he were alivel am sure that he would rather that it should be so. His lips- quivered· with.disappoint ment, and a little,' too, with anger. is"' mother's words only irritated him. Weak,;~ feminiie. folly I What else was it? A mailk-anda;wtei doc trine of forgivenness that found no favour in this man's heart. His pur pose was not shaken a-jot. *'Will you tell me what you were doing in' this room to-night?' he asked. 'At least I ought to know this, as.I found you there.' 'No. I cannot.' He turned his back upon her and walked to the door. She followed him with her eyes softened now and full of sad, wistful light. He was her son, her only son, and she loved him; Surely he would not leave her thus ! 'Bernard,' she cried, 'you are not going away without even wishing me good-night !' . , He paused with his hand on the door- knob. ' I wish you good-night, mother,' he said, coldly, without turning round; and he left her. The tears which had so long been denied to her came at last. She threw herself upon the bed in a passionate fit of 'weeping, and her whole frame was 'shaken ' with tremulous sobs. When daylight streamed into the room.and fell upon her haggard, grief.stained face, she was then still;' exhausted, sleeping a troubled sledeiY' The -early morning'sounds "in the street below awakened her, and she rose and commenced moving restlessly about the room. Every now and then she stopped and pressed her hands to her burning head. Had ever a woman- to bear up against such misery as hers ? she , won dered. .Surely not! Surely not! To thejagony of her great loss was added now an overwhelming hideous'dread. Slowly, but with a ghastly distinct ness, the last night's scene in the death-chamber passed before her reel ing brain ! He had discovered her!' He had asked her that question-that one question which she would never dare to answer. He had left her in anger, in anger none the less terrible because it was so cold, so self-con tained. He suspected her, perhaps of what, she dared not think. Wasit not for his sake as well as hers that she was fighting this battle ? And she could not show hini why! She qould not show him why it: were bet ter-a thousand times better-to let his father's murder go unavenged to let the whole terrible tragedy sink into the still waters of oblivion! She had lost her husband, and now she was to lose her son! What had she done, or left undone-wherein had she sinned, that Fate should deal with her iso'crueUy ? The morning stole on and the dis tant sounds of the awakening house hold reached her ears. For the first time she realised that night had come and gone and as yet her bed had been unslept in. Soon her maid would be comiag 'with her tea and would notice it-would talk and gossip about it. below--the 'one thing which it warvi most necessary to avoid. 'Wearily she stood up, disrobed herself, and crept within. thessheets.; 'She ha·d no hope of sleep, nor did it come to her. 'How was it possible with so sore aheart and burning a brain as hers ? When Marie, her ladyship's French maid, softly entered the room about: half an hour 'later arid brought the dainty tea equipage .to the side of the bed,: she was' shooked beyond measure :to :see the feverish light in her mnistress' wide-open' eyes and the terrible ravages which a single night had made in her face. With'herlittle hands stretched out, and her shoulders almost on alevel with her ears, she was not slow to express her consterna tion. ' Ah, but your ladyship is ill,' she exclaimed' volubly. ' Tres malade. Miladi has had no sleep! Ah! quel donmmage, quel dommage !' she added, in a tone of deep commiseration. Lady'Harrowdean took her tea and made no reply. 'Not that any of us have had much sleep,' Marie- continued in a hushed whisper, with a half fearful, alto gether mysterious glance around. ' oi~ men-sas for myself, my eyes have been not once closed. It was not possible. Did your ladyship hear anything-anything strange iw the night.' Ltady Alceston set her cup down and shook her head. Her hand was trembling so much that she could hold it no longer. ' No, I heard-no sound. I'othing. 'There were some strange, oh, such stra~nge noises,' Marie continued in an awed tone, and with appropriate ges tures. 'Several of us heard them. Myself, I was so frightened that I did draw the bedclothee close around my ears and did very nearly shriek. Ah, but it was horrible!' and she wound up with an effective little shiver, as thuogh the memory of her fright were still oppressing her. Her ladyship turned her face upon her pillow and closbd her eyes. 'Draw the curtains around the bed Marie,' she directed. 'I shall try to sleep for an hour or two.' .' It would be well for miladi,' Marie murmured, as she obeyed. The bed wasa; French one, and Lady Alceston was ow invisible-out of sight of the tell ale rays of sunlight and the black, questioning eyes of her maid. 5 One moment, Marie,' she said, as her maid was gliding softly from the room. 'Whait 'sort of noises ~wre those that you hBard; and 'in what part of the house ? Ihope thr' no thieves have beeh about. Marie' paused and advaied again toward the bedside;' glad to~ have an opmpotunity 'of 'resuming the subject. 'Oootsiepe and mieied voices, your ladyqhip,' sh' said impressively, 'aiid in th' long corridor too, near-near the~ irtoom where his lordship- is. Thomas has 'searched in' 'eery place, e minatin, but there are no aigns of anyone having entered the house, and nothing is missing. We all thought that your ladyshiip must have ieard th?mn too, and we- dreaded evei.lm ment that we should' iihear y?our ldy-: ship'. 'bell.'--(T. Be 'oeninded.L) 