A WITCH. j . STORY OF THE CRIME. 1 A HORRIBLE AFFAIR. Eight men wore recently sentenced to terms of imprisonment varying from six months to twenty years for the murder of a woman named Cooper, 'vhoni tliey burned te death, under the delusion that thev were destroying a with. The following particulars of the crime are taken from theLondon ''Times":— A shooking occurrence, recalling the barbarities practised in the Middle Ages upon prisoners charged with witchcraft, has taken place at Baity vadhen, a village situate on the slopes of Slievenaman, in the county Tipperary. It would be incredible if the account ware n Jt subit-nritiei by the sworn evidence of witnesses. Two men and a woman arc charged with causing the death of a woman 27 years of age, named Bridget Cleary, wife of a cooper, by forcing her, as she was suffering from nervous excitement and miiil bronchitis, to drink noxious potions prepared for her by a herbalist, and then seizing her and roasting her under the supposition that she was a witeh. Her husband called on her to say, in the name of God, that she was not his wife. She waB held over a fire to make her Bay this. These proceedings were repeated on the following night, wlien the husband knocked her down, stripped off all her clothes, poured paraffin oil over her, and set tire to her with a burning stick from the hearth. While she was burniag to death there were present six of the male orisoners and two women, all relatives of the deceased. Some of them remonstrated with the husband, but did nothing more. He told them that it was not his wife he was burning but a witch, and that she would disappear up the chimney. During the process of the protracted and terrible tortures described by a witness as having been inflicted on the unfortunate woman, some of the party repeated the words, Come home, Bridget Boland" (the maiden name of the victim), in the belief, apparently, that they were doing what was necessary to bring back the real Bridget Boland who had been carried off by the "good people," the fairies,and that i} was a superstitious counterfeit they were cruelly killing. The savage orgie3 were formed in the house of the woman's father. The dead body of the victim, with the stomach burnt through, was found buried in a ditch atter a week. The following is taken from the evidence at the magisterial investigation at Clonmel:— William Simpson, a caretaker, stated that on the night of the tragedy he went to the house of Patrick Boland, and on the way met Mrs Bourke "and her daughter Kate. They went together to the house, and on reaching it heard shouts, apparently in men's voices, oi "Take it, you old , or I'll kill you." He could not see in throuph the windew, but the door opened shortly afterwards, and they went in. Colonel Evaneon: Was there anything that led to the door being opened ? The witness : They were obliged to open the door, as I thought, to put out the fairies. Continuing his evidence, he said that he and the two women went in, and they heard shouts of " Away she go; away Bhe go." He then saw a number of men holding Mrs Cleary in bed. These were John Dunn, Patrick Kennedy, JameB Kennedy and Wm. Kennedy. Mrs Cleary's husband was standing by the bed, holding a saucepan in his hand, and he asked Mrs Cleary, "Are you Bridget Boland. wife of Michael Cleary, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost ? " She said, in reply, " Yes, I am.' The question was repeated several times. Witness saw Michael Cleary give his wife some liquid in a spoon out of a saucepan. There were herbs in the saucepan. Cleary was forcing the herbs into his wife's moutb, and she resisted. Water, too, was thrown over her. Pat Boland asked her, "Are you the daughter of Pat Boland? Answer, in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost." She did not answer, and the question was repeated more than once. Questioned &s; to what these people were all in the house together, for witness said he believed " they were driving out the witch," and the door was open for the purpose. When she would not answer the question some one, he believed John Dnnn, said "Make down a good,fire, and we'll make her answer." There was a fire burning at this time in the kitchen. She was then carried in front of the fire by John Dunn, Patrick Kennedy, William Kennedy, and her husband, and was again asked the same questions. Witness did not remember her making an answer. The men who were holding her then laid her over the fire, Cleary holding the saucepan all the time. The body was bent, and forced in on the grate, and her hips rested on it. The other nersons in the room made no sign of disapproval. In reply to her father, who asked her, " Are you the daughter of Patrick Boland, wife of Michael Cleary ? Answer me in the name of God." She said, " I am, dada." They were then satisfied they had tneir own. What do you mean by that ?—That they had Mrs Cleary, and not a witch. Then what had they got before?—They believed they had a witch. They shook her when she was in the bed, saying, "Away with yon. Come home, Bridget Boland, in the name of God." The same men took her off the fire when she had answe:ed satisfactorily. She was then put into bed, and they asked her questions, aud Bhe recoguised all in the room. Some of those in the room then tried to console her. At 6 o'clock in the - morning Cleary went for the priest. The Bev. C. F. Ryan was next examined, and stated that he attended the deceased woman previous to her death, and gave her the last rites of the Church. On the Saturday following her death ho saw Cleary in the church in Drangan. He was behaving like ajmadnian, tearing his hair, and appeared to be suffering from remorse. He asked witness if he thought he would ever be forgiven. Dunn, who was along with Cleary, told witness that they had burned her to death and buried her, and that he had been asking Cleory ali the morning to give pher Christian burial. Had he known thare was any such thing as witchcraft or foul play he would have refused to say mass in the house. He had communicated with the police, and told them to have thnir eye on Cleary- On Tuesday Mrs Simpson, the wife of the witness William Simpson,generally confirmed his story. When the woman was carried to the kitchen fire, which was a slow fire, not hot enough to boil a kettle, the witness heard it said by some that " All the questions should bo answered before midnight," which etc understood to mean that the witch could not be driven away later than midmidnight. She saw nothing in reference to a hoc poker, but there was a mark as of a burn on the forohead of the deceased. She knew where the "fairy ring" was at Sylenagranagh Fort, but was never there. She heard Cleary tell her nuebend on the Sunday following the murder that his wife was at Kylenagranagh, that they would go for her, that she would be on a grey horse, and that they would have to -it the cords that bound her on the horse. She did not know whether they went. Father Ryan denounced the outrage in the strongest terms in Cloneen Chapel, and called upon those of his hearers who knew anytheng of the affair to communicate witb e authorities. 