THE NVRTH-BA8TElRN ETNIGN, PUBLIZs9 D IZN 3ErA L A. I'RIDAY, hMARCH 22, 1895. Tiokery or Ptiriodsm 2 AISL Victotia ought to keep its eyes upon its Premier. just now. And not without a" most justifying cause-he has placed a serious embargo on the people in his enforcement of the Income Tax Till. But his duty, as a moulder of the national destiny, has not even ended there.. He assigned the other day, to a section -of his followers, the task of investigating the needs that exist for curtailing the cost of public administration. And how has his act resulted ?-the daily papers know. As one of them asserted on Wednesday last, "he has taken, upon "himself the duty of dealing with "the entire subject. After he has "gone thoroughly into the affair he " intends bringing forth a'scheme to lay "before the Cabinet, and that will "dispose of the whole question." In this declaration there is a volume. It means that Mr. Turner intends to prove hiinself a man of the people "a guide, philosopher and friend" of the nation-or that he is a political time-server ; it is the outward symbol of an incomplete public deed-a hint, a suggestion, an insinuation that he intends to do something. What that something is has yet to he determined. It must take one of two forms trickery or patriotism. It cannot be mistaken, because things have come to such a pass that it must be a definite or indefinite act. As evprybody knows, the colony is over-governed. It is worse - it is over-manned. In an official way it is like some bee-hives it is full of drones. The State is a milking cow and the community is alive with human calves sucking it as ilry as the ashes of Mrs. Henniker, who was. cremated at Sandringham on Tuesday last, while the grim spectre of poverty and the ghost of depres sion are ever manifest - in our big towns and cities in particular. Now, Mr Turner has the power to alter this he is in the top storey of the House political, and, as he has taken the work of retrenclthment out of the hands of those lie appointed to execute it, the community expects that he will be norespector of persons but that he will do that which is moral, and, therefore, that which is right, to the people.' If he plays the part of the trickster by trying to be "all things to all men"; if he says that there is no further room for retrenchment, without doing in justice; or that he can set things right without employing drastic means in the civil service, he is fit for- no better designation than that of a crafty diplc mat. But if, on the other hand, he declares that the State has too many servants in its household ; that all unnecessary machinery in that respect must beremoved; that the rights of the people are not to be overlooked : and that wisdom and economy, irre spective of everthing, are to be the watchwords of Government-then, and only then, is he entitled to remain where he is. Until all these things become definitely known to the public this journal is not prepared to define Mr. Turner's true character as a public man, or to inquire. of the community about his determination -trickery or patriotism. At the Benalla Court of Petty' Ses·. sions yesterday, before Mr Dobbin, P.M., an industrial school boy named 'l illiam Grant was charged with having stolen a tent at Tungamah in January last, The bench remanded the accused to appear at 'ungamah on the 26th inst. William Walker was charged with in suiting behavior. Constable Reilly de posed- that at Chadwick's Hotel, on Tuesday, accused acted in a very erratic manner, and commenced annoy ing the female servants. He con sidered the man was not in his right smind, and asked for a remand for a week for medical treatnernt. The ap plication was granted. A deputation, representing ng. icol. tural interests, waited on the. Min ister ofl Lands on,.Wednerd'y and' requested him "to relieve the sel-ctors of the colony by extending the time for payment of rents from 20 to 40 .years, and reducing same from 's to 6d per annum, bringing forward arrears and extending the tioee of payment in pro. portion to the amount owing on the same principle of 6d per acre per annum." Mr Best declined to grant the request. At the same time. he said he did not intend to be harsh to poor se lectors and that he would deal with every ease of arrears upon its merits. During the autumn and winter months the evening services in the Benalla churches will commence at y o'clock instead of 7.30. The alteration will date from Sunday next. An elderly awagman named Charles Mamion was run over by a train at Wangaratta on Wednesday afternoon on the Ovens bridge. He received injuries from which he has since died. On Wednesday afternoon the nup tials of Mr Frank Gardiner, of Lurg, and Miss S. Sharpe, eldest daughter of Mr J. D. Sharpe, of Kilfeera, were celebrated at the residence of the bride's parents by the Rev. S. J. Hoban. After having partaken of the wedding breakfast the newly-united pair, accom panied by a great many friends, drove to the Benalla station, and caught the afternoon train for Melbourne, where the honeymoon will be spent. Another horrible murder I '-King Cole," a chimney sweep found in his bed, near St Kilds, on Tuesday with his throat cut from ear to ear. No clue to the deed as yet. Mr Ritchie, an orchardist at Katuuga East, declares that he made at the rate of £i Is per tree from his peach crop this season, and speaking about the vines he says:--"I find that I sold grapes to the value of £?i8 tos from 235 acres, All the expenses against that amount were EI I 2S, which leaves me £Lo6 a8s net. In 1893 I sold £go worth of fruit from the same area." After this fruit growing is evidently a profitable industry for some people. A list of ex'members of Parliament who have not returned their free passes has been forwarded by the Railway de partment to stationmasters, with in structions that in cases where they are used are to be reported without delay. The list comprises 34 names. The Numurkah Shire Council has commenced to retrench. Notice of motion has been given that the officers of the shire and water trust receive two months' notice that their services will be dispensed with, the object in view 'being a reconstruction of their duties. Mr G. Gamble met with a painful ac cident on Wednesday night last. He was riding home to Benalla from Wan garutta, and when about midway be ,tween Winton and Glenrowan his horse, whilst going at a trotting pace, stumbled and fell, with the result that Mr Gamble sustained a nasty fracture 'of the shoulder. On arrival at Benalla he placed himself in the hands of a medical man, who treated his injury. Some weeks ago Mr Edward Ward,. of Warrenbayne, applied to the Lands department to have do acres thrown open on Winding creek, between the holdings of Miss Farrin and Alexander M'Pherson, as a water reserve. The department referred the case tothelocIal shire council, inquiring if there were any objection to the land in question being reserved. The council instituted inquiries and found that part of the land was under tillage, and forwarded an objection to the department on that ground. It is not likely that the ge partment will grant Mr Ward's applica. tion in the face of the shire council's objection. Wednesday, being the time appointed for simultaneous action to be taken by the residents of the Warrenbayne dis trict to lay poison for rabbits, was a very busy dsy in that locality, nearly every resident thereof turning out to work. The rablits have had a very bad time of it lately, in Warrenbayne, and as a result-of the unanimous action of the farmers therein poisoning them there are. very few of them to be seen now thereabouts. At the meteting of the Council of Agricultural Education on Tuesday a fine s .mple of white silk, produced by AMr Pvc, :at Dookie College, was cxhi. bited and much admired. It was re ported that there are now eight vacan cies for students at the College. China has asked Japan to grant an armis'ice till after , the peac. negol ia tio"s in progress are settled. The Celestial Government offer to provide food anti pay for the inv ding army during the cessation of w arfare. Four new gold discoveries have been made at the Coolgardie field. On Tuesday as' Mr S. Baker, the sexton at the local cem tery, was shift, ing soue's stuff in a' day fromn the Recreation Reserve, the horse attached to his dray took fright and bolted ; in coming out of the reserve gate it ran into a large tree capsizing the dray. Mr Baker, who was standing in the vehicle a', the time jumped out and sustained an injury to one of his shoul dere. " - The entries for the annual meeti.ng of, the Benalla Racing Club are coming in freely, and it is anticipated that there will beg?bumper field for each event. The trick is in splendid order, having only recently been harrowed and rolled; the finishing touch, however, was put on by the late rains. Entries for all handicap events must be. in by Monday next at 9.30 p-m. Owners are notified that the track will be open, for training purposes only, one week be fore the meeting, free of charge. The Echuca village settlers have de termined to resist the imposition of a water rate by the local and Waranga Water Trust; The North-eastern and North-west ern Municipal Associations have amal gamated. Another cremnrtion- cer-tmony took place at Sandringham, conte little dis tance from Melbourne, on Tuesday last. the corpse thusn destroy d being that of a coman sained-Mrs Henniker, 83 years of age. Tn': escribing the prosee lin's, a daily paper says :-The body enclosed in an elaborate coffin, richly trimmed in white plush,' was brought down to Sandringham in a plain hearse followed -by a morning coach, A halt was made at the ti-tree scrub on the cliffs, and the coffin carried down to the beach, where already a large quantity of wood&was; in reidiness. A stack was made about i8 inches high, and the coffin laid on top. The hymn " There is a Land That is Fairer Than Day" was then sune by the rela tives, and the wood stacked round the coffin, the total quantity used being . tons. Kerosene and other inflamm 'ble oil were sprinkled at the southern end of the pile, and the deceased's son ap plied a lighted match at a signal from the undertaker, and the impromptu choir, retiring to a comfortable distance chanted the hymn "Shall We Gather at the River." Immediately the flames shot through the stack of wood, and hefore the hymn wa-. concluded the whole pile was a mass of fire. The heat was intense, and as a strong wind was blowing off the bhy at the time the on-lookers had to retreat some dis. lance off; but they watched the, pro gress of theflames with, unflagging in terest. After the fire had liurned for acouple of hours the gruesome spectacle of the skull of the deceased was observ. able m the heap of ashes. A few more pieces of wood were carelessly thrown on the fire, and had the effect of dis turbing the charred remains of the head, which then fell to pieces, revealing a most ghastly spectacle as;portion of the brain appeared. More wood was then applied, and the charred remains thus hidden. from view. About an hour after the plate, which had been attached to the coffin, was plainly visible and the inscription easly distinguishable. In addition to the name and age of the deceased and the date of death, the plate bore also the words-" The spirit shall return to God who gave it." Mr Joseph Wright, of Fern Hills, poisoned seven foxes one night last week, using for bait a piecF of liver, into which some strychnine had ben put. Accounts for the follow ng await payment at the sub-Treasury, Benalla: -G. Seamark, E. Walsh (a), J. HIart. rick, J. C. Brockie, Gascoigne and His cock, G. Walker. A correspondent states that in New Zealand, at the present' time, which ought to be the busiest, work is terribly hard to get, and the labor market is glutted out .of all proportion to the demand. The Minister of Railways is anxious to alleviate the distress occasioned by want of employment throughout the colony. He has reported to the Cabi net that he can find employment for ,roo men, and keep them at work for six months. In addition to this, he says said that if his proposal to construct a railway line from Glenrowan to Hedi is adopted, work will be afforded for as many more. It is 'probable that an exhibition of Australian produce will be held in Lon don next year. There was again a credit balance on the ledger of the Railway departmttent last week. The receipts were L54,3x3, which, compared with L48,3o2 in the corresponding week of c894, gives an increase of over L6oto. In the Government Gazette sup plement issued on Monday, every person liable to be taxed is notilied to comply with the regulations of the Income Tax Act and send in forthwith a schedule setting out his or her financial position, on or before the 3rd of next month. Those failing to furnish a return, are liable to a penalty of not less than .6a nor more than £zoo,and will be assessed and charged a double amount of'the tax in additton.to the amount for which he would have been otherwise liable. Any such defaulter may be assessed for such sum as the commissioner thinks ought to be charged,. Lord Hopetoun leaves Victoria on Tuesday. Lord Brassy is to take his place in July. Mr Geo. R. Hall, dentist, may be consulted at O'Calliighan's Berialla 'Hotel to-morrow. ... Some members of the Benalla'Shire Council, at the last meeting of that body were reluctant to lower the re muneration of horse and dray men from 12s to sos per day, alleging that the latter price was hot a fair one for the carters. What will those coun cillors think when we state that'the Melbourne City Council has accepted ,5s 8d per day as the price for horse and dray men, and that one of the tenderers offered to do the work for 4s Ird ? A board has just been appointed by the Government to inquire into the workingof the insolvency law iii order to ascertain how insolvent estates are robbed by unscrupulous trustees. In another column Messrs Burr and Co. announce that they are giving an opportunity to the public which they never have before given-that of sell ing goods at manufacturers' cost. The reason for this cheapness, is that they repurchased their assigned estate at a very low price, and are giving their cus tomers the benefit of the bargain. The amount paid. for fok-skins last Benalla Shire Council meeting was £3 *5Ss. .. . . . - 