SHROUDED IN MYSTERY; OR, WHICH GIRL DID HE MARRY? CHAPTER XXIV. By the author of “Murdered at Mid day,” “For True Love’s Sake” than Deatb,” “An Ocean Secret,” “Recalled to Life,” “Riches to Ruin,” “Who killed John Cameron” “Sword and Lance,” “Police Minister,” &c.; (ALI KIOUTS RESERVED,) Mischief Night, to which the watch mae had made such pointed reference, was the annual saturnalia of the Lord of Misrule, where troops of boys and men decorated themselves with ribbons and long streamers of parti-colored paper, armed themselves with wooden swords and .went; about dancing, drinking and frolicking 1 to-their hearts’ content. Sometimes these frolics took the' slides of remarkably rough horseplay, and if any one lathe town, had made himself' ospe oiftlly obnoxious tlus wos the occasion which no.means would bo left untried to servo him out. Por-suoh'an'individual; male or female to be torn out of his or her bed vandi placed- in the; stocks, there to 4)0 - pelted - with 'decayed fruit and rotten eggs, was nothing un usual, arid the mol) had more than once-had recourse to the ducking stool, bound the black sheep therein, and half drowned it in the Roach j for a, ducking stool was then one of our established institutions, and the stump, thereof still remains in the bed of - the river within a. few yards of the abutting wall in Smith' Street. It kept wives in most excellent control. , . . . Mr Radoliffe was not at all elated by the kindly lunt Which he had received, for. he in; a dim. : and confused kind of way guessed what it meant, namely, that the townsfolk,, had : got to. suspect that the dead girl who * jay at limbo was Ins daughter, .and that she had drowned her self because he had refused to forgive her or allow her to enter her childhood’s hbm&: That~-they should think far worse of him than even *this never for a moment struck him.' and Mrs Radoliffe djdn’t seem to suspect any thing, and in point of fact, did not. " - When they arrived home Mr Radoliffe madb’ttlnost excellent dinner, and there** after, oyer his brandy and his pipe, he forgot-al) about Mischief-Night, and that a possibility existed of his being made its chief butt. ' Over the first glass, it is true, hie looked, n® graye-as-any owl, but he grew per-, fectly,complacent when half-way through the second, and while sipping the third ho occasionally chuckled to himself for an idea.had. by then taken root in his mind ‘ that he had discovered ,ap effectual way. of checkmating Haloamus. Green wood. SoJmpressed was he thereby that, with a regretful sigh,-be put the stopper into, bis decanter,, and went straight away to bis,study, where he opened his desk, look out. a sheet of foolscap paper, sat down, stared at it blankly for a few minutes, and.jtbenv rapidly wrote down thereon as follows.;— ,. . Rochdale, Lancashire, 10th April, 1715. T,Halcatnus Greenwood, confess that I married Ruth, the daughter of John Rad cliffe, esq., under the assumed name of Algernpq do Tracy, that with the most vile, and infamous design I treated her with savage .brutality, in order to drive ter to desert me and shun me ever" after, and,that then I carried that design into effect by representing that sho had left’ me in , order to bigamoqsly intermarry with Sir.Harry Howarth, of Clegg Hall, in order‘that I might extort money from jher father, the said John Radoliffe, for the keeping of,such, transactions secret. But I hereby avow and declare that iny said wife is in Scotland, hiding from the law and irom her friends, undor tho impression that I died by misadventure, but pro-, claiming her as my murderess, and in fear of t-lie consequences thereof; and I call' upon the Almighty to strike mo' dead if the wife of Sir Harry Howarth is not of her whom I fraudulently married as aforesaid, all' of which I am driyen. po confess, and do confess, because the- said John Radcliffe has convinced roc that hp is able to imprison and transport mb lor pjrior crimes and offences if I ro fused. , . Signed (hero was left a blank for his signature).. A moro.olnmsy confession, of one bettor calculated to defeat its object, could not well have been drawn up, but Mr Rad** cliffe was very proud of it, and after reading itWef ? twice; and grinning at its 8 QPPPA e d porfection, he locked it away intp his desk against such time* as it should be, wanted, and to the dicing room, he took ample toll from :the;brandy bottle, so ai to atbne : for his sorilewhat lengthy desertion thereof. . ..When,tea-time came round, however, be drankle verol strong cups in ordef to rake somewhat wandering wits together again; and - having devoured six rounds of hot buttered toast to keep them company, he waife'd the arrival of his visitor in a state; of calm resignation 'and conscious superiority; > ' ' - Halcamris Greenwood did notlfeeip him waiting,- for* as a. rule,; creditors arc a dephyunoro, punctual in their' calls than \----- • j Ho did hot insist upon entering the drawing-room this time, however, but complacently,followed- the servant to the as amiable and obliging as folks think thpy are bn the' point of |, ® ce *X* n ft; ■,„ a thousand . pounds usually afeJ, * .- "I , He was dfbssed and a. doffoufl in Jiis button- hole, arid'gloves of the same color upon his hands. Ho smoked a- prirao cigar, too, and was gracious enough to chuck his -.conductress andorlhVchin, and to regard her with a kiss, ere he suffered io depart in order to announce that ho Was' there... , But Mr BadoUtfo presently entered the room, looking a groat deal more like one who came to demand money than to pay it,. .and having locked the door behind' him, be turned'upon Halcamus with— ' you baVe-tVied tb sit bh'fcwo stools, ) and, as people generally ;db Vho make such an attempt, you have fallen between ? To be ! plain, you have teiedtb'intimidate my daughter as well •ftS and consequently I have re solyetj’ tfilaii,. you' shall leave this house just ’as you have entered; it--ompty haoBcdi'' ‘ ,y ‘ Graph wood, ’ & 7*9*' 990? wal v oti ithW*!? y M? v ; raeaa ' 1 suppose, that n,y toghtor r ° r * r011 m ° tbaa 'JL'**' 1 *! * husband will make fewer sacrifices for an unworthy wife than JLTO" £or child. You J®V ‘I Cft ? C5Ub0l ° h5t «80lf Wifc h a v-ould Nh j ° nl - y p5fcy an< * sympathy i:rll l 1 -n, th . 0 d00,ilVed husband’s shore, but I ho child s disgrace would bo shared by the paivnts who Joined in the conspiracy to iOisb her ofTns another person. I may not bo very lucid in ray explanations, but 1 fancy thiu you will comprehend them; You infernal scoundrel, thoro was iid conspiracy. . Neither Mrs Radcliff nor niy ao. f had the faintest—;* ‘Idea of tho change, you would say? dust so, I was merely hinting as to what tho world would say and think.’ ‘ Hang the wdrjld !’ i ; ■ I*ve no objection, biit the world would be a deabmore likely to hang you—at the very lenst in effigy.’ . 1 * mo °hing devii, what guarantee have I if I pay you tho thousand pounds that you demand that you will not still persecute my child, and make the existence you have already blasted a continuous i and never-ending hell upon earth to her ? ■It seems to mo that you have already commenced, to do so.’ 1 1 thought that I’d Just explain to you that I’d left off in that pretty iittlo simile of the two locks,’ ‘ How can I depend on what you say ? Ttell you again that I won’t give you a single penny.’ 1 If you give a single penny less than a thousand pounds, I’ll niaybe drive your daughter to the death of a suicide, though not until some time after I’ve banged your* Hang mol How could you hang me ? Come, the explanation will be mightily entertaining.’ . ; ‘Then, being an amiable and obliging fellow, I’ll entertain you to the very top of your bent. Rochdale already .believes jthat the poor girl, who was fished up out of the river last night is your absent daughter. It was your own most unusual and intense agitation that first set the notion going, and the general idea seems to be that she came home like the prodigal son on tho ovo of her sister’s wecTding,- and that to avoid the disgrace of re admitting such a black sheep into your very select fold, an act which you may have thought might induce tho much desired bridegroom for the other girl to cry off, even at tho eleventh hour, you —well gave her to the bed of the river instead of the bed in your spare room. Am I sufficiently entertaining?’ ‘Yes, yon even compel my laughter, I because all that you have stated could be so easily disproved.’ ..‘■If I remained silent, yes. But what if. X were to come forward and declare kbhttt I followed my runaway wife as soon as ever I was able—traced herto Rochdale in time to see tho murder Committed from, say tho opposite side of the stream ? (remember, it was a bright 1 moonlight night that before tho wedding), and swore that the corpse was hers by the dress it is clothed in, for tho pattern of that is v still recognisable. Where, then, would "be your chances of escaping the baUgman ? is my explanation still enter taining ?’ ‘ Why, you fool, you would just be kil'ing the goose that is laying you the golden eggs.* ‘ Say rather the silly bird who is goose enough to refuse to lay tho golden eggs. I like exactness.’ ‘Anyhow all chance of getting any golden eggs would be destroyed by so bloodthirsty and insane a blunder.’ ‘I’m not so sure of that. 1 might find out afterwards that 1 had madoa mistake*, after you were hanged you know, and then I should still have Lady Hownrth to fall back on, and in general young chicks lay better than old fowls. If on the :Other band she came forward to save you the scandal would be as bad a one as ever, in fact, all the circumstances combined would waft it over the kingdom and very probably beyond it.’ ‘Come, Halcamus, I bow to tho storm that .1 can’t resist. Bring your ontertaihmeot to a close and I’ll pay you a thousand pounds as the price of it on your just signing a little paper.’ Here it is.’ Greenwood glanced over the document and promised with a smile that the money once paid he’d sign it. OAAPTER XXV. Mr. Radcliffo then paid him tho amount, and Halcamus Greenwood affixed his signature to the confession, as. we may call it, for though be was armed with a pistol, just as on his previous visit, he guessed by the way in which old John suddenly dived his right hand into his coat pocket that be too had one which could be quicker presented than bis own, and that consequently ho was not a man to be braved with impunity. He took comfort, however, by thinking to himself, * The old bloke calls me her husband, at all events, and the very fact that he brought so much pressure to boar to force mo to sign such a paper shows that there was grave reasons for getting mo to do so. By George, its production would tell more against than in favor or him or his daughter, as I’ll let him know it’s convenient and safe to do so. Goo thing is certain,it shall not stop my bleed ing him aud her directly a need arises for my doing so.’ Meanwhile Mr. Radcliffo looked up the document in tho desk, pocketed the key, and then observed with a chuckle, * Well, my fine gentleman, I’ve drawn your teeth now, and I hope you clearly perceive that that confession of yours deprives you of all chance of over being able, to swindle mo out of any more money, aa well as! that henceforth the slightest annoyance that you may dare to offer to Lady Howarth or Sir Harry will ohtail the most ct’jrtain and unpleasant consequences 1 to yourself. You may go now. You ore warned.’ ‘Then farewell, Mr. Radcliffo, I bid you ; good-bye for at least a year. Then I may look in oh you again.’ ‘ Eh, what, you would dare to do .so— after—after what I’vojust forced you to —eh—eh—eh?’ ’ Well, I’ll taken lawyer’s opinion on the matter first, perhapsj I cm afford to do it now, you know.’ And with ,/a .mocking smile ploying about his lips Haloamiis Greenwood bower} himself out of his former master’s presence, who was so astonished at his last utterance thothestood staring at him open mouthed until he had wholly die appeared, and then returned to the dining*, room, muttering asbe.went, ■ j . ■ , * I wonder if I’m as clover as I thought I Ho who sups with . the clovil heeds a long spoon, and if that scoundrel Halcamus isn’t f the " devil, he's at alb events sharp and malicious enough to be one of bis yery ippB, ponfoudd it, I niosbf-seeS%iu8piratioa from the brandy bottle again.’ Ho proceeded at. once to do so, blit somehow it wouldn’t borne, and within an hour a fresh cause of alarm presented itself to him in of a wild swell of voices and music that seemed to heap* proaohing The Wood from the direction of the New Bridge, causing him to ! suddenly recollect the fact that’twas Mischief Night, and that some very ugly suspicions wore afloat : inthe town concern ing himself. , . His fast growing (cars wore not with* out a very solid u foundation, for a scandal once started grows apace, and both the lestorora who had.found, and the two old women who had laid out, the corpse of the,fish and flood ' mutilated young girl i with the R.R. worked upon her under raiment, had told everybody of the, distress and agitation which Mr. Radcliffo had betrayed upou the occasion, arid of hie pallid eagerness to learn whether there was anything about the body by which it could bo recognised or identified. These, coming from a man who never before had bean known to exhibit diiy emotions but those’ of rage and greed, and taken in coun junction with the, conduct of one of his. daughters who owned these initials, bind the great probability that it was she who ' had returned so mysteriously to, Roch dale, asked the drover on the Butts if the Wishing Steps wore croasoblo, and a little later had been seen passing, over 'the bridge that would lead her direct to The Wood by the’watchman stationed there j who was sure that she had never re turned • as she went, while she seemed to have left her hat and veil floating on the surface of the Stream in mute testimony that she lay beneath it, were circums tances quite suspicious enough toiodicito her father as her murderer,more especially when everyone knew that intense pride was one of his besetting sins, and a | perfectly uncontrollable temper another. There were many who recollected now that a score of years previously ho had beaten a boy to death whom he had caught setting snares for polecats in The Wood, or ot all, events beaten him so severely that he had died from the' effects of the castigation j and though the slayer had gone almost mad with regret, and bad testified it by maintain ing the lad’s mother, who was a widow, in ease and comfort until tbo day of her | death, these redeeming traits on his part were nob remembered at such a time, as redeeming traits seldom are. The mischief makers are not contend* plated any great amount of harm to Mr. Radcliffo, or to his residence, when they first commenced their pranks, but dressed in paper and ribband steamers, and some of them in the skins of oxen and sheep, and led on by a character called Tosspot, * in a black bull’s hide,with its face covering his own, and its horns rising erect from his head, they bad contented themselves' with such mildly innocent diversions as turning signboards upside down, knock ing at doors, kissing women, and if any imprudent wight grew angry at his sweet heart being kissed, or at receiving a blow across the legs or arms himself from the wooden sword of one of I he revellers, toss ing him in a blanket: and of course many were provoked to passion from the very fun of so tossing them. At last, however, these mild excite* moots bngan to pall upon the palate, and the immense* quantities of liquor which they bad by this time been treated to had made Tosspot and bis followers ripe for almost any outrage, while the crowd | wan right willing to back them up. | So, when some one suddenly shouted, ‘ What d’ye say, lads, to going and making old Radcliffo confess whether he's com* raittod another murder or no ?’ the propo sition was hailed with the loudest acclaim, and the most vociferous shouts of ‘ To The Wood !’ * To The Wood !’ * Toss the old villain in a blanket until he lets the cat out of the bag ?’ and so on, while one or two even added, 1 And let us have a good bonfire if the trees will burn?' so that there was every probability that this would be a Mischief Night of Mischief Nights, and one such us Rochdale hod never before known. Old John feared so too when he heard the footsteps and the voices of the onward surging crowd, and cafight the gleam of torches between the tree tranks as they approached tho entrance gate to the grounds. He now knew that thoy could bo coming nowhere else but there, and the knowledge was by no means a comforting one. ‘ Wife,’ he said, * don’t bo frightened, but I believe Tosspot and his fallows are about to pay us a visit. It’s Mischief Night, you know, and if they don't moan mischief, then I’ll bo hanged.’ Ho was far more likely to bo hanged if they did than if thoy dida’t,for there wore many trees in his grounds quite strong enough to bear such a weight even at his sixteen stone though it was, and the fast approaching mob seemed just as likely to be lad by a Judge. Lynch as by a mere Tosspot. • • As this suddenly occurred to him, for i the watchman’s warning seemed much more pregnant of evil now than it had: been when uttered at midday, Mr. Had' clifib muttered half aloud, ‘ Haloamus Greenwood is at tho bottom of a)T this;, Doubtless ho hopes to> burn bis confessioni by burning the casket that contains it, or'' in other words, this house, with perhaps/ you and I inside, Now, wife, don J t be) alarmed ! Lord have mercy upon us. I’m! calm, and so why can’t you bo ? What on earth’s to bo done, I wonder V ’The house can come to no harm; John, for I hung an egg last Ascension Day in the roof, and everyone knows that that preserves any matter of building from fire and flood, from lightning, wind, and tempest, and as the house is safe so those who remain inside it will 1 also be safe, I should fandy.’ ‘ n This from Mrs, Radcliffo, but her excited spouse at oncomade answer— ‘ I toll you not to be frightened. .Take; pattern by me and don’t oven get excited. Oh, Lord, I’ve; no faith what ever in eggs, or iu any other spells. Bars,', bolts, and a well mbuntod blunderbuss loaded with swan shot, \yith a resolute face and loud'voico behind it, ore oil the charms in the world, Oh, dear, oh dear, what is going to become of us? How, wife, not a whimper, but see at once to (lie locking of doors and burring of windows, and I’ll see to The blunder* buss.' Mr. Radcliffo djd aa she was bidden, and old John bolted upstairs and into the room which woe over the porch,’ where ho took the blunderbuss down' from above tho montlo«shelf and commenced to load it. ’’ 1 * / By this time Tosspot and his band had entered tho grounds, shouting;-screaming, and hussohing at the top of their voices, While some increased the din by striking their saucepan Hd shields with thofi/ wooden swords, while those who were dressed in sheepskins, baa-cd with all their might; nodTbose enveloped in cbft-/ hides moo ed a'horsh accompaniment. - It was like a saturnalia qf fiends, and* Tosspot, who was. a gigantic 1 fellow, looked like a veritable black bull walking along on its hinder legs. . The light, of the tore boa she'd a lurid glow over scene* showing in, addition the grriab tossing blanket borne on poles, a hastily made up ghost to represent that of the presumably murdered girl, whoso component parts were a turnip lantern with a lighted candle inside, topped by a black hat and veil, and a horse’s tail streaming down behind it by way of hair,, fixed in the centre by a wooden hay rake, .which two immense, sheets, pinned together, (lowed down to the’ground, wholly .concealing the man who walked inside, them grasping the rake handle. The aspect of the ‘ghost’ explained more to l&r.; Radolifle than did every thing else combined, and from the moment of casting his eyes upon it ho began to d read-tliei worst;.. , ' ' ’Boicles, if the masquers and the crowd who, ho could now perceive was following them .in the rear'wore really bent on violence, no rescue from any quarter was to be hoped for, since the few old watch men would be utterly powerless to cope numbers, and Summer Castle was qulloempty of srildiors. . Ad thfcso convictions occurred to him he put his blunderbuss out of sight,fancys ing that it would bo wiserc'to try milder measures first. His next notion was to (ill bis pockets with all the money that ho could scramble togobher, in order to throw it out of thb window to scramble for,..' - ' ' ' It might put tbri masquers into a good temper, he thought., Well, in another minute they were there, and the money was scrambled for, and when it had albbeen picked up they shduted ou to him to throw them some bottles of wines and spirits: But when this demand had also been complied with the masquers seemed to bo as far removed from good temper as ever, for they then commenced to hoot him, and the ghost bparor elongated thohorrid effigy to the height of at least eight feet, and squeaked bat in a burlesque imita tion of a. female voice—‘Do you know Who I am ? Please father; I have- come home,’ and then in a shriller tone, ' Ob, don’t.push,me backward into, the river, don’t mnrder‘me—pray don’t! ? - Then, before Mr. TUdclifie could make any kind of reply,' scores of voices screamed, ‘JBut he did drown her, he, did murder her,’ and then still more shouted, / To the river with him,’ and others yelled in response, ‘Drowning’s too good for him. A rope and a branch, that’s,what he deserves, and that’s what we will give him, too.’ ' ‘ I don’t know what you refer to, friends,’ called back John Rad cl i He, as soon as there was any cbance of making his,voice heard. * I’ve not drowned nor murdered anybody. What do you mean! by all this V ‘You drowned your own daughter rather thpn .she should disgrace your other and your grand son-in- law, or perhaps lest her return should prevent his ever becoming one. You didn’t suspect that her linen was marked with, the letters of her name did you, and a and a precious fright you were in when told that it was. Lots of folks can speak to that. But we’re going to give you a much bigger fright now, and it’ll be your last.’ j It.was Tosspot who roared this out in as deep a bellow as over could have been given by the black bull whoso hide he wore, and Mr. Radcliffe was now vain tp respond in almost, supplies ting tones— ' * You’ve no right to condemn we with out trial. It is barbarous,it is human,init is un-English V ‘ Shut up. We know wliat we’re about,” someone called baok at once, and i another masquer added, with a laugh, ‘ If | we can’t get the old lobster, out of bis shell we’ll roast him inside it,’ CHAPTER XXVI. No lobster.evon when first thrown into boiling,water, even felt more unenrnfort. able than did old Radcliflb, as lie listened to this last suggestion, and thq m-xt moment received both ocular and auricular proof of how well it suited the humor of the crowd. The mob bad doubtless compared him ! to a lobster not duly because his. face wan almost as rod as one, but also by reason that his nose and obin curved towards each otbojr after the manner of a lobstur’s pincers, and now the crowd was evidently disposed to treat him oven worse than, one, for wasn’t ho in hot. water already, and weren’t they resolved to roast him in his shell in addition ? Of course by his shell they meant bis bouse, and as it was old ovoa then, and all the woodwork as dry as tinder,bo knew it would nob take long to get up a good cooking fire. So strong \yas old John , convinced of ibises well as that the masquers intended to light one, that, as soon as over did ho behold the torches coming to tho front, be caljed oub to hia wife, ‘Barbara, have you nobbing to say ? If.yon make a speech you’d better show yout face anyhow; ayo, and so Had the servant,girls, just to prove to the rascals that they’ll be roasting others besides mo,’ ' ' I’ve lot the servant girls escape by i the baok door, and X trust that they are safo by this time,’ was the answer, ‘Then I think we’ll escape by the same way, Barbara, answered , Mr. Radcliffe, quickly. ‘ Wait for me, I’m coming.’ ‘ , a ‘ lb’s too late, John. There's a whole lob of people just gone round to the back, and they’re as wild as those in front,’ Why did you pub tho hope into my head then ? Bub put your own out of ail tho windows at once, I moan out of one after another, as fast as over you cun,and beg to tho madman to spare us. They’ll maybe listen ‘to” you.’ Mrs. Radoliffe was on the point of complying with this very sensible request when just' at, the, most critical moment, her wits and her strength alike failed her,, and she dropped to the floor in a swoon. ‘ Had sbo done so In one of tho, upstair rooms old John would have managed to drag hpr aoroBs tho floor to tho window, arid bhe.ro to lift hor up into tho full view of ; tho crowd, qo as to show them that they'worcn’b dooming him to death singly. But she had fainted at tho foot of the stairs, and hopould not , oven hope to bo ablo.to haui hor up thorn, while ho . did | not ; {1arp .to unbar at>d open the shutters ofono of, the downstair windows, in order lo. exhibit, her thox’oat, lost the crowd should break right through into tho housp and then, rpughly parting them, spare hor while they dragged him forth andh,uog.Jiim in tho grove. t , f ■ Gonfoundtho ‘‘ women, they're always doing just what they ought* nob to do. Had' slip kept those servants indoors ten tq pnp they’d have saved their, betters, for bho youngoat is a downright good lookjng and so they’d never have wanted tp roast hor,’ groaned old John, and . then he.rushod back to the window 1 river 1 ibp ppr.ol?, and yelled out— * the place, for my wife lies ip a. swiDpn afc the: foot of, the ana- she’ll be burnt.alive if you do,’ : and then he added, as an after thought, ‘ And there’s such a pretty young girl in the kitchen, one,of the servants, not out of I her teens yet, and I’m sure you wouldn’t i burn her—poor, innocent young creature.’ .‘Shut up. If there were any girls in the house we should have heard them squealing and screeching before thin,’ answered, one of the crowd, with : a laugh, and immediately three or four more shouted all at once,- ‘The. women have cleared out;’ ‘I saw ’em running towards Heape’s cottage myself, and they must bo 'there by this time;’ ‘if there was a female left in the house she’d be at. one of those top windows praying for her' life,’ and so on. ‘ Ob, God, I swear to you that my wife is lying in a faint at the bottom of the staircase,’ yelled back old Rndcliffo, but the lie. that he had tacked on to his last appeal made everyone disbelieve the truthful part of it, and fully crediting that he was a murderer, the mob. wore niore determined than ever to show him no mercy. 1 Roast tbo old lobster.’ ‘ Aye, roast him !’ was therefore shouted and shrieked louder than over, and a forward move iVns at once made with the, torches, whereupon Radcliffp, as a last resource thrust his bell mouthed blunderbuss out of ,the window, and vowed in a voice that he in vain endeavon d to* make gruff and terrible,,that he would blow off the head. of tbo. first man who ventured to cuuio within half a dozen yards of a door or a window shutter. This thioatand the evident means (hat he possessed of executing it, caused the torch bearers to come to an irresolute halt ; but thereupon those who were further back, and Jon that account con sidered themselves to be beyoud blunder buss range, began to' pick up stones and hurl them at the window whereat the solitary defender of Uie old ramshackle old mansion stood, their object being to drive him back into the room and thereby enable the torch bearers to spring ■forward and set fire to the front door, and the many window shutters that flanked it. : Old John crouched down us low as he could, blit did not, dare for the very life of Jam to. quit his post. His situation, vras, however, critical, for he was frei quently obliged to raise his bead to watch the torohbearers or rather brandishers, lest they should take sudden and deadly advantage of his enforced position. Daring one of those quick jack-in-the box kind of bobbings a stone struck him on the temple, and with sufficient force to temporarily stun him. He sank back bewildered, and almost unconscious, and with a jubilant shout of joy they on whom devolved the duty of ‘ roasting the old lobster in his shell ’ darted forward to perform it. Darted forward, but oven more quickly leapt back again when (hoy found them solves suddenly confronted by Dewdrop, the bull dog, whose broken chain showed that he had been at some pains to escape from captivity, in order to defend his master. The sagacious brute had given no warn ing bark of his approach, but had crept along under (he shadow of the house until he gained the front door stops, whereon he immediately took up his position,8ilent but grim, his mouth so widely expanded that hid entire range of formidable fangs were clearly visible, while his deep red eyes gleamed almost like battle lanterns out of the gloom in which he was on* shrined, and wherein he at last commenced to breathe low ominous growls, ‘ Ware dog ?' gasped some. ‘ Dewdrop ! It’s Dewdrop ” exclaimed others. ‘The brute has settled more bulls than any other dog in Rochdale.’ ‘ Aye, or in Lancashire either,’ ‘ He's as strong ns a bear,’ ‘And fiercer than a tiger when he’s once roused.’ ‘.He’d snap a man’s thigh-bone through with those fangs of his,’ ‘ Aye, just as though ’twas a chicken wing.’ He killed Farmer Brierley’s bull in •the open field t’other day.’ ‘ Ah, that did ho.’ Such were tbo comments hurriedly bandied to and fro concerning Dewdrop, whoso feats against bulls in the bed of the river were well known to all. lie was the very Toreador of the bull ring, for it was ho who in general gave Toro his final coup do gmeo ; indeed his master had onco pitted him against a performing bear, and tbo result was that poor Bruin would never have performed again hadn’t old Radoliffo nearly made his teeth meet in his favorite’s tail to induce him to release his hold. ’Twos no wonder, all these things oon> sidorod, that even the drink primed masquers fought shy of so redoubtable an antagonist, or that such of them as wore clad in cowhides and sheep skins evinced a particular eager desire to make themselves scarce. All at once,-however, the mob in tbo background seemed to gob bold of the idea that the dog might be stoned to death from a safe distance, and these called out to tho dismayed crowd in front of them to open their ranks so that they might pelt him, .They might have put the cowardly expedient into execution, ond Dewdrop have perished like tho Roman sentinel at bis post, had not old Radcliffe happily recovered his intellect before mere inten tions wore changed into accomplished foots, and guessing tho situation from tho applauding shouts of the besetgors, ho nt once sprang upright and yelled at tho top of his voice. ‘ At tho first stone that’s thrown I’ll set him at tho throats of tho nearest, and fire my blunderbuss wherever you stand thickest as well. We’ll hove a dozen Uvea in return for our two, I’ll warrant you that, and I was. a fool nob to take my full 'share of ’em nt the start, you cowardly and bloodthirsty sob of mis creants,’ Love of his dog now made him bold, for with old John it wos self first, dog next, and wife last, and the poor brute’s fidelity very naturally aud properly touched him and made him resolve that they would at all events show fight together, and that Dewdrop should not fall without being avenged, if fall he really must. But such a fate no longer seemed in evitable,for his throat to chevy the dog on to thorn, and furthermore to fire his blunderbuss haphazard into the crowd the instant tho next missile was thrown com pletely daunted tho mob. They. knew well enough that such weapons were usually loaded with buck shot or slugs in largo numbers, and that the bell mouth scattered these missiles terribly in tho discharge. In consequence of such unpleasant reflections-and convictions oven tho most daring and reckless masquer paused ore he did,anything to provoke tho threatened retaliation, and in all probability that pause saved from destruction dog, man and house, not forgetting tho still unooo* sdious Mrs. Eadpliffe lying at the foot of the stairp; for ord the devil could pat any fiirbber .mischief into the. heads ..af the attacking force, far less sufficiently renew their courage to allow of their out, a man on a white horse came gallop ing up the avenue, waving what looked like a large pocket handkerchief around his bead the while. Having thus succeeded in attracting the attention of the crowd he spurred into its midst, and then, obtaining silence through the medium of the white handkerchief, ho shouted out in a powerful voice. ‘She lives. The young Indy to avenge whom you were about to commit murder and arson lives. Miss Ruth Raddiffe who you believed was drowned in the Roach, and now does lie in limbo, is as much alive as any of you. She never came homo. She hadn’t courage enough to face her father, and so he never even saw her. Bub I’ve scon I’ll swear to you, if you wish That sKe'iT alive.’ / CHAPTER 4xVll. i, f),” The excited declarations of the man on tho white horse had an immense upon tho crowd, more ospocially-on. the masquers, who formed the only really dangerous portion of it. Nine-tenths of these had been consider ably sobered by the sudden appearance and belligerent attitude of Dowclrop, and Mr. P.adcliflfo’s subsequent threat to sot him at tho throats of them and to (ire his blunderbuss haphazard among the rest at the next hostile movement on their part, bud sec diem longing to discover oomc method of lotreat with honor, that should save them from the future taunt that a couple of score of them, armed with staves and wooden swords, bad run away from a single man and dog. The words ‘ murder ’ and ‘ arson' too had sounded very terrible to tho mischief makers, when sternly pronounced by ono who was evidently quite sober and a gentleman to boot, and it struck and some of tho other leaders that in the event of their being sentenced to be hanged as the ring leaders of the riot, the very crowd—the comparatively irrespon sible crowd—who had been so vociferously cheering them on, would muster to witness their execution with just tho same pleasurably keen excitement. So, in, order to escape from blunderbuss end bull dog at the present, and from a possibly still nearer acquaintance with the gibbet in the future, they—and it came from the very depth of their hearts— gave vent to a hearty cheer, which they repeated with three times three, after which Tosspot declared in a very loud voice that if Mr. Radclifle would only come out to him they’d carry him on their shouldets all round The Wood in atone mont for the mistake they had made, etc., but ‘old John’ declining tho proffered honor, and the man on the white horse Pegging them to disperse quietly, and to report wherever they wont that both Mr. Radcliffe’s daughters wore still living, they filed off, vociferously promising that Ihoy would, and then commencing to sing as loud as they could bawl, ‘ For he’s a jolly good fellow, and so say oil of us,’to the tune of ‘ Malbrook is gone to tho war,’ an air by tho bye which has clung to it ever since. The ’horseman watched tho noisy and turbulent array, as with the fluttering of ribands, tho tots of horns, the brandishing of torches, and tho flourishing of wooden swords, it wound through the trees of Tho Wood,and rushed out like a swoollen flood through tho open gate, and before its rear had disappeared therethrough a lurid glow above- the housetops showed that its van was already ascending Packer Street, where the hatters of Fleece Street and the Gahk, and the frowsy nymps of Church Lane, were according them a noisy wel come. Then be for the first time looked up at tho window wherein Mr. Radclifle still stood, and expressed a hope that he did not *fcel much the worse for what he had just gone through 1 Old John made answer that he did feel very much the worse, for that his nerves seemed to be all at six6s and sevens, and his head to be ringing like a cracked bell owing to a big stone that had struck it. ‘ J’ra very much obliged to you for the great service you have done me,’he went on to say, ‘ and another day I hope I’ll be able to thank you in a docent manner, but to-night I can’t find ideas, far less words.’ This sounded very like a dismissal, but the horseman would not accept it as such. ‘Oh, you’ll bo all-right directly, Mr. Radclifle,’ho said cheerfully, ‘and I’m su;w you won’t refuse mo a thimbleful ■ of brandy to quiet my own nerves, which aren’t os they should bo any more than yours. I’vd something to tell you, too.’ No one, whoever he might bo, appealed lo John Radclifib’s hospitality in vain, so ho now said : ‘ I’ll be down in a brace of shakes and lot you in. My man, curse him, is off somewhere swilling, idling, and mischiof making like tho rest, so I’ll take your horso round to tho stable myself, thank ful that I’m alive to do it.’ ‘ No need of that, Mr. Radclifle, not in the least, for he’s ns hardy as a mule, and so I’ll just slip tho bridle around a tree trunk, and there’ll bo no fear of his catching cold though he stands there an hour.’ , , ‘An hour, what should tho fellow want hero for an hour.’ muttered old -John to himself. 1 Why, he’ll keep mo telling lies tho whole blessed time, and I’m sure none of ’em will agree with tho others, for hang me if that stone doesn’t seem lo have driven nil the wits out of my head through my oars, and to have loft it as hollow as an empty snuco»<pnn. Ho saw her, did hoi I wonder if he as much guesses that it wasn’t her, after all !’ Those somewhat muddled and mixed ideas occupied him all tho way down the stairs, whore bo tumbled over Mrs, Radclifle, whoso very existence he had for more than a quarter of an hour entirely forgotten. ‘ What did you plant yourself just there to trip me up for 1 1 do believe I’ve smashed my nose. Couldn’t you faint like a lady on the drawing-room sofa, in stead of like a cook or scullery maid in on ou< er passage ? I Uato such goings on, and I won’t stand ’em, thoro now,’ he growled. Mrs. Riuloliffo was not unconscious. I She had even boon on the point of getting 1 up tho instant before ho had gono down, and she felt quite sure she would bo ablo to stand. Sho had imagined that he’d have easily scon and avoided her, and that woa why sho had uttered no sound of warning. His bearish growls served, however, to inform her that all danger was past, and accordingly gave her very groat oomfort. * They have gone,’ sho said, ‘ They have departed. Wo still live, Evon tho house isn’t burnt down, John.’ * Well I could have told you all that. Why, you ridiculous woman, haven’t I been at tho open window while you’ve been lying thoro, nothing better than a mantrap and a nose smasher at tho foot i of tho stairs 1 What fresh information do you imagine that you con give me on tho aubjoot 1 I can toll you something though that you would never guess, which’is that that pushing young fellow, Lancelot Leigh, not content with saving our lives, is oven now standing at the front door and expecting to bo let in to bother us and make us liars for perhaps a whole hour,’ Ho didn’t wait for any answer, but clasping his nose with his left hand (and a downright good handful it was) he strode to the front door, unlocked, un bolted, unchained, and threw it wide open. Ho then caught hold of Dewdrop by the collar, and said to Lancelot Leigh, for he it indeed was who had arrived in (he very nick of time to preserve both the Wood and its indwollers, ‘ I’ve got him, you needn’t bo afraid now, I have him tight.’ ‘I wasn’t afraid of him before, sir,’ laughed young Leigh. 'He began sagging his tail and regarding me in a friendly manner. Ido assure you, doga\ always know who it is wise to j«Mtonie, They aro wonderfully sagac* wonder if he’s hinting that I should "Be unwise not to welcome him, and that I’m quite, the contrary to sagacious V thought Mr. Radcliflc to himself. Then he said aloud, ‘ Pray walk in, ond as you and Dewdrop seem to be such excellent friends, he shall come in as well, and have a bone 'for the gallant attempt he made to defend his master and his home. Mrs. Radcliffe will thank you for what you have done for us far more eloquently thftn I could do it, that’s to say if she’s had enough of tripping people up at the foot of the stairs.’ But it was Mrs Radcliffe wheat this moment threw open the dining-room door and permitted tho united fire and candle light to flood the hall, and thus preventing tho possibility of so much as a trip over the door mat. She now came forward in the full possession of all her faculties, and thanked Lancelot Leigh in the' most hearty and genial manner for what he had done. * Mr Radcliffe tells me that you have preserved our lives,’ she said, ‘and I wish that I could thank you by action as well as words, Alas, lam afraid that that’s out of my power now,’ She laid slight stress on the word ‘ now’ to imply that she would have no objection to his marrying Rose, and indeed, at one time she had been quite willing to give her to him, but only while dreading that Ruth’s disgraceful elopement would have prevented her doing any better. Now the poor girl’s position had been so entirely altered by the surrender of the wealthy baronet to one whom at the time she believed to be her widowed sister, that Mrs Radcliffe would very much have liked to have placed things in statu quo had she only been able to discover a way of doing so, but as yet she could not. Lancelot Leigh was just tho sorb of frank, good-natured, and good-looking young fellow whom nine mothers out of ten would not feel the slightest fear of entrusting the future of a beloved child to. Tall and squarely built, with curly chestnut hair, a pair of laughing grey eye?, and a musical voice, his massive chin betokened great firmness of disposition, while a most pleasant smile seemed to guaranlco that that firmness would never degenerate into either stubbornness or brutality. As to Ins social position, ho was tho only son of a half-pay officer in tho army, who had lived in the neighborhood for some years, and was chiefly remarkable for being always in pecuniary difficulties, though, like'Mr Mfcawber, in perpetual expectation of‘something turning up.’ Lancelot, however, was tho very antithesis of his parent, for he believed in putting his shoulder to the wheel and keeping it there, and now, in his 22nd year, was traveller to a firm of brewers, with every chance of, at an early date, becoming a partner; and a good and profitable thing it would be for him when such a day came round, for were at that period famous the whole North-west of England, the Roach water being then believed to have very peculiar and especial merits, for tho making of good beer, even when taken from that part of the river which flowed through the very heart of tho town, as it invariably was ! We hardly think that it would agree with the public palate now. While wo have been thus introducing Lancelot Loigh to tho reader, who will have more to do with him in tho future than he has had in the past, tho young gentleman accepted .an invitation to seat himself at (he supper table, which ho did with a keen appetite, yet wondering tho while that no questions had yet been neked him concerning her who hadloldhim that sho was Roth Greenwood. (to he continued ) 