WAY OF THE WORLD. Political Pepper and Social Salt. (Bt the Hen Editor.) The literary critic of the Sydney Even ing News thinks that Zola will die in another generation. A certain class of English critic never can tolerate Zola, whilst anothor cannot praise him enough. As a matter of fact, Zola owes his reputa tion amongst English readers principally to ono book, "Nana." Now "Nana" is not the bost of Zola's novels, but because it deals with the life of a prostitute it has boon read. I believe that Zola, as ho avows, merely wrote in " Nana " in what ho calls his Rougon-SIacquart series, not with the idea of pandering to public morbidity, but because "Nana" was a nocossary part of the series. Anyhow, Zola will not, as tho English critics of French fiction announce, die in a generation, whilst Victor Hugo lives for ever. Hugo tried to bo noble on literature, Zola aims at being true. Hugo is beautifully impos sible; Zola, analytic, but true. People who read Zola for something besides his realism know that he is a good man, and, in his line, a great one. 4 « Major-General Button held his Easter camp in defiance of Parliament. It is true that the camp was only a fizzle — nothing .like tho usual gorgeous picnic — but the General carried his point all tho same. . Hutton has got more solid cheek and a greater sense of self-importance than any other N.S.W, Civil Servants The Govern ment of this colony seems 'to be gradually becoming a kind of military despotism. . ft Talking of military affairs, the public are anxiously awaiting further develop ments in the Captain Close enso. The in genious attempt to remove that officer from his position having failed owing princi pally to an unwarranted desire on the part of Government to manage its own.affairs, it now remains for the muchly-mauled Cap tain to take action on his own behalf. If, as held, tho military inquiry was an illegal one, CloBe should be able to obtain redress eUewhere. 0 Japan has broken her China all up, and . now' proceeds to mend the wreck by" a wholesale annexation of territory, war indemnity of .£20,000,000, and an offensive and defensive alliance botween victor and vanquished. Tho wily Chow Doth cop out now, Japan has fought and beat him. With eyos oriss-oross Tamed to his Joss, He prays, " The Devil eat him." . . . # « If Dr. Nanaon has really discovered the . North Pole, the question arises " what will ;" he do with it f" Painted in suitable colors , and fittingly inscribed, no doubt the doctor might secure a handsome sum for it from some up-to-date harboring institution. Apart from that I quite fail to see what real value the Pole will have for the world. o A Glebe Police report of recent date runs " John Ridgeway, 28, was charged with having rioted. It seems that he was beating his wife. He was fined 10s, levy and distress, or three days." Now that the Law has defined wife-beating as rioting, when Johnson proceeds to blacken the eye of his better half or bark hor shins, it will be within the power of the authorities to call out the military and sool 'em on to Johnson. Some of our more prominent citizens may also get a little moro law and order into their households. The kind of riot for which Magistrate Smithers made John Ridgeway dub up teu bob is more common in some woll-regu- lated households than most people imagine. v ft ft " Had Dean not given evidence on his own behalf" (says a juryman who tried. \- him) "hewonld have received' the benefit of the doubt that existed in the minds of the jury as to his having administered the poison." " That a guilty .man "should pat himself away iu -his own evidence -is incredible. Were I. upon that, jury Dean's frank , con fession of haying given his wifo food, and \- attended upon her in her. alleged illness, would havebeen one of tho strongest points : "in his rfayoft"" The ;man evidently had' t j? nothing to deny. -. Besides, there was no ? positive proof tbat"poison'(two poisons at - that) was pat in the. wife's food.. The' | doctors declare that if it had the i woman _ would ' never, have sixrvived to .- give evidence on her own behalf. There I was no proof of Dean "ever purchasing .- poison, no proof of anything, and yot the I. poor devil is condemned to death, and then to life imprisonment. The law, as I have frequently said, is not an ass, but an assassin. What are the public going to do ? Will the prisoner be allowed to rot out his . life in gaol ? e Is this man Dean to lie in gaol till death (more merciful than the law) relieves him, on the mere verdict of a Saturday night jury, convicted on the word of a woman, supplemented by the bare eloquence of tho Attorney-General P Is he to be chained np liko a dog because the authorities must preserve a perfectly perpendicular back bone ? As for J udge Windeyer's decla ration that ho was as convinced of the prisoner's guilt as if he had seen him do it with his own oyes, that is only the judge's own personal opinion, whether founded on evidence or no does not matter. 3 According to accounts the Dean caso has already been referred by certain circles to tho " spirits." The peculiar cult of spiritualists who are noted for the gift of second sight, who hold nightly communi cations with the dead and turn the whole economy of the universe upside down for tho expressed edification of privileged circles, no doubt held Dean seances whilst tho prisoner was awaiting his trial. Wheu the architect of. the stars allows souls to stray out of both Hcaveu and Holl to eat chocolato creams for the onlightonment of Mellon, vindicators and their friends, nobody need be surprised to hoar that communica tions from the dead concerning George Dean have been received by Sydney Spiritualists. The nature of thoso communications lias beon kept a profound secret, but it is reasonable to suppose that, when the majesty of the law has boen vindicated, it will turn out that they were iu strict accordance with the verdict. » Be ghosts, Rev. Hawois made a very bad case for bis little lot in lecturing ou " Modern Ghosts and Spiritualism.". Recent reverends are placed in a peculiar position in regard to what is known as " the spirit world." If they deuy the existence of spirits, and their visits to the living, they - impugn the truth of the Testaments. If, on the othor hand, they hold out . for '" spiritual appearances, they lay themselves , open to the .ridicule and discredit of a - more educated age. Accordingly, the Rev. . gent, who wishes to hold a congregation or an audience together has to compromise on this sabjeot, as upon most others - where science and history shed their light.1 » w # " Our country correspondent " again : — ' " Htllston, Wednesday. — The hospital 7 carnival on Easter Monday netted about : £120. There was a very large attendance of country people in holiday attiro. For the bost costume, C. O'Donnell won the prize; and for the most ridiculous the brothers Forrest took the paltn, Madame Trengrove showed the liuost baby." It is easy enough to bo a leader 'of fashion iu the bush ; but " to show the : finest baby" excites jealousy and envy. The Bird arisea to compliment Madame on her exhibit. The country can do with more like it. « The Trades Disputes (See.) Bill ha3 beon negatived by the Upper House on a divi sion of 30 to 1, the minority consisting of Dr. Gar van, the mover of the Bill. There is one admirable thing about the Legisla tive Council — its consistency in Conserva tism. That the old gents' would choke the measure was a foregone -conclusion. Any- thing liko compulsory arbitration in trades disputes (and perhaps rightly), they could- not stand. But as sure 'as the labor ' element lives and grows iu Australian - politics the Council is sewing its own . shrowd and making its own coffin. \- » Whilst on the subject of coffins it is well to note that the Bega Anglicans will have no more such carted into their church during future funeral ceremonies. - 8 Bega deserves a big pat on the' bock. The 8 abominable practice ol hawking dead bodies I into church is a mere remnant of barbarism. I The health of the living is of some conse-' ' quonco, and dragging corpses about into public places when they are often full of the germs of malignant disease is a positive menace to health. , The Bega' Anglicans are wise in their generation, and it is to be hoped' that other denominations will follow I the good example set by thorn. o ' » ft The, cable men are getting up a good war scare. Now that ,the Chow-Jap treaty of peace has been ratified the ingenious in ventor at the other end anticipates that Japan will force Australia to 'open-' her ports to tho Chows. Will she? Not while j tho Bird o' Freedom staff can load a blunderbuss with rusty nails or get a good edge on a meat-axe. The Chows have already got a.good grip on the local cab bage industry. They also hold a hngqV interest in mock cedar and manure, Tfytt> is as much as we.cau stand. Wbon it corned to monopolising" the wool and hides and : thing's young Australia is going to rise | . and kick like biases. ' J 