" IT is great fun," says the smart American, "to live on a farm, unless you have to." This is a forcible way of packing a situation into a phrase, though the latter may not be altogether true. At the Laidley show, last week, Mr. CanAwTa, for one, came from the city expecting to seethe farmers "worn down with mortgages, killed with taxes, ruined with railway hfreights, and generally in an insolvent condition." But he saw none of this denicription of farmer. It is hardly likely that he would. The "poor" farmer does not carry his trouble in hisface on a show day. That day is his great holi day, and the farmer's cupboard skeleton does not walk abroad then. Consequently, what Mr. CHATAwAY saw on looking around was an indication that "the farmer's life was one of the best occupations on the face of the earth." The truth is that farming, like everything else, has its advantages and its disedvantages. Discussing the situation, a rome paper just to hand says that "the most remarkable fact about farnii in the present day is that there are still applicants for farms." There always will be such ap plicants. The business has attractions which, to a large section of the community, are indestructible, even by continuous losses. Farming is, to begin with, a wholesome business, and a businesswhich must benefit manljnd. The farmer may not be induced to hope that he will become a millionaire, but his imagination can always dwell irpon a vision of independent ease. And with many a man independence of spirit is a healthy passion. "Citizens forget," saysa contemporary, "the number of men who hold confinement to obe a prison, who simhnply cannot work in a chair from 9 o'clock till, , or who crave in their work for a kind of I solitary indepepdence." The cityman en joys a spell on a farm for a cheage, know ing that he is not tied to the continuous labour of farm life; while the agricultural person enjoys a week's sojourn in the town, and goes, home thanking his stars that he has got away from the dusty streets, stuffy parlours, and poky back yards. He quotes the old proverb that " GoD made the coun try and man made the town" with satisfac tion. So it comes about that a variety of tastes and aptitudes tend to balance matters and to make commercial life run smoothly, Unfortunately, both the city man and his country cousin have had to face the embar. rassments of hard times during the past few years. In most parts of the world this has been so. But the cry that the Queensland farmer is a slave; that hehas been ruined; that the ghost of the mortgage fiend hovers continually over hishead, may be carried to a point where it becomes absurd, and is not in the best interests of the agriculturist. The sturdy farmer, who knows his business, repudiates spurious s$mpathy, or sympathy that has an pbject in it. He doesnot desire to be regarded as a debt- ridden slave. Nevertheless, it is true that there are many things in which the Queensland farmer may justly claim that hisinterests should receive greater attention. The steps that have been taken to secure unity of action among farmingrepresentativesinParliamentshould be the commencement of a greater recogni tion of the importance of the farming in dustry. This union represents all shades of political opinion, and ought to carrry weight. Alteady it has been demonstrated that it can do much good for .the farmer by advo. eating his claims in the matter of more generous treatment from the LiRway De. psartment. It ought to act powerfully in arging the establishment of agricultural colleges or xperimental farms. And in the matter of insisting upon expired land leases being thrown open for close settlement in the most suitable form it has a wide scope for useful action. 