Footlight Flashes. THE CHOUGH AND BOUCICAULT SEASON AT LYCEUM. Two Splendid Revivals. 'ROBINSON CRUSOE' AT ) HER MAJESTY'S, THE PANTOMIME BUNS TO BIG BUSINESS. A Big Xmas Bill at the Tlroli. POLLAItU'S LILIPUI'UNS AT THE CIUTEHION. The Juveniles Deserrlng of Warm Praise, Everybody's Whereabouts— Notes from tho Other Colonies— And the Latest News and Gossip, LYCEUM— THE BEOUail AND BOUCI CAULT SEASON. Tho roturu of tho Broufli aud Bouoicnult Company to tho Lyceum waa on Thurudny luat marked by a soono of onthnsiasm which oloqnontly poiutod to tho groat popularity of this fmnoua and olorer combination. Iu turn jAIrs. JJronsh, Mr. Bouoicault, Mr. Ward, Jlr. TilhoratUje, Miaa Tomplo, aud the others in tho oust luul u. wondorfully outhuamstio reception, whilst tho now-coinora nnd tho othora not named. wore by uo moans ovorlookod. THE AMAZONS. It' having beon dooidml to oommenco the aeasou with a Boiio-i of two- night revivals, a start was mudo on Thuraday with Pinoro'a roumrktibly popular comedy 'Tho Aniaiions.' Wo need miy littlo about tho re presentation, ami all wo havo to any ia in warm praise. Urn. BrouRli im Lady Noolino, Mins Kmnm Tomplo aa Lady TlioinaRiua, Mr. TithoradBO aa Visoouut Littorloy, Air. Ward aa the E:irl of Twoeuwityea, Mr. lloueioault us tho (Jomto do Grivul, and Mr. Curoy us tho Kov. ltoRor Miucliin, nil ropoatod forraorsucoesaffl. MisKWatt- Tanuor.tholateBt JIarchiouosa of Castlojordan, waa thorouRhly nt homo mid acuoptablo in the part. .Miss Hill, tho now Sereoaut Shuter, rhvo a olovor little akctuh, although sbo is hardly big enough for tho part. Mins Kalhorino Hardy, who appeared for tho first time ns Lady Wilholminn,, proved an attraotivo addition to tho company, aud undoubtedly created a farorublo impression. Misa Hardy has a pretty fnco, and a charming voice and rofinod vocal Htylo. The interpolated Gong iKjeruIf'a 'Last Niubt') was warmly applaudod. Mr. Dorrington, aa tbo poacher, and the othora iu the cast lent valuable assistance, with the re sult that the amusing piece never wont bottor. 'NIOBE.' Thorovival of 'Niobo'on Saturday wna certaiuly a wiso stop, for tho play still possesses plenty of vitality. Tbo house was crowdod, and contiuuoua laughter and applause nud culls nftor ovory act showed how thoroughly tbo audience waa pleased. Of a truth the tribulations of Potor Amos Dunn, caused by tho revivifica tion of the Btatuo of Niobe, aro extremely nmiisinpr. Sinue wo lost saw Mrs. BrouRh iu the uamo part certainly no groat length of timo has elapsed, but of a surety hor perfor mance has loat none of the charm for which it waa formerly notowortby ; on tho contrary, wo novur boforo saw tbiH clnvor aotresa play with moro apirit and humor. A|;ain, Mr. Brontth (who waa wiinuly welcomed) is, na beforo, ivoudorfully woll snited to the part of 'Petramos' Dunu, and ho had tho audience lanshiiig with him throughout. For tho thoso in tlio original oast — acquitted thom Eclves well, nnd contributed towarda tlio highly natiafaetory reaulta achieved. Mine Jenny Watt-Taunor, tho now Holon Griffin, is vory happy in her treatment ot tho part, which suits her to a nicety. Miss Kathuriuo Hardy aa tho preoocious younger aisler Hattic, deserves au especially good word also. Mr. Bouoicault, Miss Emma Temple, and Mr. Ward repeat provious good character sketchos us Tompkins tho art outhuaiast, Carolino Dunn, and Cornelius Griffin respoctivoly, whilst Mr. Dorrington (Philip Iuniuge), Mr. Carey (Mr. Sillooka), and others woro oqually aatiafaotory. Laat night again tho Messrs. Paultou's farcical comedy wont splendidly. The arrangomonts for tho woob at tho Lyooum aro as followB:— 'Tho Magistrate' i? announoed for to-night and Wednosday, and ' Dandy Diok ' for Thuraday and Friday. Noxt Saturday ' John a1 Dreams' will bo produced for tho firot time iu Sydney, when Misa lieryl 1'abor will mako hor rentrei, and Miss Hilda Spouc her debut with the Brough Boucioault companr. ? ?? ? HER MAJESTY'S— 'ROBINSON CRUSOE.' Messrs. Woods and Marshall staged thoir first vonturo iu tho way of pautomimo at Her Majesty's on Xmas Evo, whou ' Robinson Crusoe ' (ivritton expressly for tho occasion by Mr. Bert Roylo) was produced boforo a vory bii: uudienco. The mounting and dressing — two powerful factors towarda succoaa in panto mimo— are fully adequate to tho requircmouta of tho caao, whilst the atago management of Messrs. WoodB and Hodson is warmly deser ving of praise. On Tuesdav last it must bo oou f cased, by tho timo the curtniaTanj; down — netting on towards midnight— tho audioiico had grown tired of tho good things constantly bo1 nt aoryed up for thoir amusement. But tho pruning knifo wns nt onco vigorously used, und only the host items retained, and the Chrialmas piece now concludes before 11 p.m., nnd all tho defects of the iiifct night have dis appeared. Tho cast of oliaraotora ia quite capithln of doing justice to tho material at their command. Firstly, wo must men tion tho name of Misa Mario Luolla, who nppeara iu the name part. Miss Luolla is just the ideal Holmnou Crusoo. Hor aoting is finished, and her sinuiue pretty woll all that could bo deaired ; in fact, she has been in Ktich good voiuo that hIio obtains nn unooro for nearly livery ono of the aongs in her part. Por baps 'Tho Dr«am Bong,' ' Isabella,' 'Hoar What tho Sweat Bells Say,' and ' Dinah Doo' are her moat noliceahlo successes, especially ' Isabella.'1 Next perhaps we must allude to the chiof comedians, Mr. Harry Leston, as Mrs. Crusoo, and Mr. It. E. Watnou, aa Mr. Cruaoo. Thoy aro an ainiiKiui; pair, and do good, Bound work. Mins Edith Moore is the horoine— PrinnesaMizpah— uudiihoseoroaiu two ballads. ' What is it Whispering to My Hoart?' and 'Tell All.' MisaLilla Wilde, ia capital a» the Fairy Quoon, whilst Miss Amy Gourlay (Sally Warnorjand Mr. Win. Gourlay (Friday) win llonorn with a graceful jiaa do deux, ami also a topical duet, ' Next, Please,' a amart item, with local allusions. Mr. Alfred Wooda as tho Demon Depression, Mr. Tom Coagrovo (clown), Mr. Charles Woods (pantaloon). Los Tinoa and Martini, Mr. h\ Seeata (Ben Bolt), and many othora— quite a formidable liat— fill in tbo loug list of oharactera. Tho tranaforma tion Hcimu ia not too (forccnua, but the ballots, especially tho 'Trilby' dance, doservo warm praiao. On Boiiug Day thuro woro inimenae audiences both after noon and OYoninu. In the nfteruoon tho house was thronged throughout, and the matinee waa ono of tho most suc cessful ever hold. At tho evoniug porfor luanco thoro was a great rUBh, and many could not gain admission. The panto lnimo waa repeatod with great success. Ou Saturday uguiu tho big house was crowdod, both at matinet and at night, and the piece wont with compUU success. Tht cext matinee will bo on Wedneidiy neit. Judging from appearsnaos it c»n b* safely said that ' Kobluion Crusoe ' appears good for a lengthy ruu. ? ? # ? ROYA1— ' PAT. OR THE BELLS OF ? RATHBKAL.' With tlio musical oomody, ' Pat, or tho Dolls of JUthboal,' Mr. C. D. Woatmaoott ia winning and earninir a auecosa at the Royal that is deiorvod, inasmuch aa the oompany work hard aud play tho bright piece smartly and with any amount of go. Auotlior nmiinso ia promiaed for to-morrow, and doubtless there will bo enough poopU left in town to Ull tho houses open. Tho management bill a great sansational terpsichorean eccentri city ' called 'The Statue Nymph.' Qcaat (?ofatiosal tnptlobqltm ?oceofrjolt/ It good, and worthy' of businoss manager Prank Barnes; likewise tlio ooooutricity. is sen sational, und tho Nymph is prepossessing, und tho torpsichoroan part of the business is great, nnd ainnmod up, ovoryono should aeo it.. 'Pat' looks in for a sucaoarful ruu. ? ? ? CEITGKION — POLLARD'S LILirUTIAN OPEUA OOMPANY. Tin re-appearunuo of Mr. Tom Pollard's Lili putian Opera Company ut the Crituriou, ut whlohaoay houae they opeuodou Boxing Night in the ovur-populnr ' Olivette ' ia, or should be, welcome uows to our theatre frequenters. Mr, Pollard has mounted and dreasud Audran'ii nharinlng opera in thu most pruiaaworthy manner ; indeed, it would be diuioult to imugino a much liner Betting than that of tho fiMt act, ' Tho Harbor of Porpignan,' from tho bruah of Mr. Whuitu. He was, aa a natural consoquenuo, called boforo tho uiirtaiu and warmly applauded. The scauery for tho second act, ' Tho Palace of lCoualllnn,' ia by that well-known artist, Mr. Phil. Goatuher, and it is elaborate and decidedly olTootivo. Mr. (loatohor, had ho'beeu preaent, would havo had lo respond lo a call. Of the opera of courso thuro i* no ocoa sion to say anything, but a few words about its interpretation at the liuiida of tlio juveniles ia necessary. Misa Marion Mitchell in tho namo part played in a apirited and oon fldont Btylo, whilst boing warmly encored for tho well-known Bobbing nong, 'Oh, My Father,' and also for tho ' Torpedo and tlm Whnlo1' iu the laafc aot. Porlmpa tho ohief liounra of the ovoning woro carried off by MastorAlf Stephens and Miua Maud Beatty, m tho respective oharnotorH of Captuiu do Meriumo nud his uephow Valentine. Misa Maud Beatty has an oxcellont light contralto whilst MiiBtar Stephens, whoso make-up aud demeanour were iu keeping with tho traditions of tho part, scorod heavily. Miss K. Mctcalf , who appeared as tho Couutess ICousillou, achiuvod auueess iu ' Nearest and Dearest,' and also (in conjunction with Misa Mitchell) iu tlio pretty duet ut tbo end of tho socoud not. Maator W. Percy haa ii good tonor voice, and wan oncorod for ' Bob Up Surenoly.' Ho played the part of tho Duo due Us with coulidouce. Muster. H. Qnealoy sbowoil somo good work as tlio imbcciln Cnquolicot, tho Duko'B fostur-brother, nud minor parts woro well playod goncrally. ' Olivotto' wan playod on Monday aud will be repented to-night, but na tho company poa Bcsso.i such u great reportoira of popular pieces, it Iui3 boen decided to Btago 'Paul Jonoa' to-morrow and on Thursday, and Friday, whilst on Saturday noxt ' Undo Tom's Cabin' will be ataced. ? ? ? THE TIVOLI. Tho Tivoli is far from largo enough lo ao coinmoduto the great rush that iu witnessed nightly during thu holiday seasou. But if tho mauugomeut will continue to L-enp such a tine uud largo company iu ovidenco tbay uuiat ox pect nothing else. Miss Leamar is still as warm a favorilo ns over, ami all hor items aro applauded and encored. Sbo ia u, remarkable suoccss. Tho Louton Bros, in their hair-raining uud amusing auta have fully austttinod tho high opinion formed of Ihoir powers in tho first week. Mr. J. W. Winton is about the most pronounced favo rito that haa appeared at tho Tivoli. Ho has 'a great hold on all parta of the house, and hiB new veutriloquial und other amusing turus novor fail to pleuso. That extra olovor couple, Messrs. Foroman and Fannau, have -returned from Molbonrno, and thoir patters and capora are highly diverting. Tho Borio-comics of Miss DaiBy Chard aro vory fetching, and her whistling capabilities aro much admired. Littlo Alma Gray, tho queen of tho juuior artists, succeeds by her natural method in Binding and noting. Amongst others of tlio vory big company who may bo mentioned uro Misses Bossie Morgan, Ada Baker, and Messrs. Wallace King and JI. Fitzmaurico, whoso vocal selections aro first-class. The regular matinee will tako place on Saturday. / ? * ? Matinoos to-morrow at tlio Royal and Hor Majesty's. The Lenton Bros, ns we anticipated, aro growing in ptiblij favor. Manager Larmour has a monater prozrammo at Coogeo Palace Aquarium for to-morrow. Frank Catcs got an orcollont honso for his beuofit at tho Adelaide Royal on tho 19th insb. ? ? ? There will bo a matinee of ' Robinson Crusoo ' at Her Majesty's to-morrow, and another on Saturday next. ? # ? Mario Luolla outs a Bnporb ngnro as Robin son Crusoo. Miss Mario has a handsome face, a Qno flgnro, and can sing all right; too. Tho most oatoby item in ' Pat ' nt tho Royal ia ' Sligo,' with its chorus by a bovy of kiddies. Wilfred Shine sings thia song well. Frank M. Clark's ' All Star Specialty Co.,' including Larry Dooley, commenced an Ado laido season at the Royal on Boxing Night. ProfcBsor Prico will mako a balloon ascent and parachute dosaont at tho Crioket Ground to-morrow at tho Highland Gathering. The American has plenty of courago, and knows his business. ? ? * The latest revivals of ' Tho Amazons ' aud 'Niobo' amply demonstrate the vitality of the comedies aud tho strength of tho B. and B. Company. Each revival has gone wonder fully well. ? ? ? ' Ventriloquist Winton bobs up serenely ovory night at the Tivoli, and hia turn goos as well us tho day ho first appeared. He's had a long season, bat no ono is tho least bit tired of him or bis pal M'Ginty. ? ? a The Liliputiau Opora Company at tho Cri terion honestly deserve plenty of patronago, for tlio juveuiloa aro a clover lot, whilst Mr. Pollard has suporbly mounted ' Olivotto.' ' Paul Jonea ' ia promiaed for to-morrow. ? ? ? New York telegrams stato that a fire occurred last Thursday night in a thoatro in the oitv of Baltimoro. - A panio ensued among tho audience, and in the rush for the doors 2-1 peraons were killed and 10 injured. Alfred Dampior opened iu ' Robbnry Undor Arms' to a sploudid Iioubo at tho Nawcastle Victoria Thoatro on Boxinir Night. All records woro beaten, according to Mr. George Builer. and the little man should know. ? ? ? Items dramatic appearing in tho. Referee aro still oribbud right and left without acknowledgment. Wo have before now drawn attention to this, oBpecially in tho oa8o of a paper in a Western oolony. Shall we havo to do bo again F ? ? ? Thus Adelaide Qoiz j— ' The ory is 'Still they come,1 at tho Bijou Theatre, and Mr. L. J. Lohr, in tho languago of Honry V., bida his attendants ' Hang out your bannois on the outsido walls,' which, boing interpreted, moans that . ' Standing room only ' placurdH havo had to be used moro than onoo during the Kennedy season. Tho secret of Mr. Kennedy's success is good management, aud an entertainment wbioh drives away dull cure.' ? ? ? At tho conclusion of tho last performance of tho Royal Comio Opora Company's late Benson at tho Prinoosa'a Thoatro, Melbourne, Mr. Joseph. Tapley, who a fotv weoka ago Bovored hia connection with the oompany in order to proceed to England, was proBontod with a solid gold sovereign purso and a pockot caso by the uiombors of tho company, as a token of tbo respect in which ho was bald by hia follow artists during bin two years' oon ncotion with them. ? ? ? Advices from Melbourno speak of 'Djin- Djin ' nsavoritable triumph at tho Princess's. From a spectacular point of view it ranks With anything previously soon in thocolonioB. For his ' Kruptiou of Fuji San ' Mr. Geo. Gordon received au ovation. John Colemau, with bis characteristic dancos (especially that of the ' Scarecrow ') ; Billy Elton, with his quips and cranks; and Florence Young, with her singing and dresses (the latter in exquisite taste, and designed by W. Barnes), aro con spicuous features in a first-o|asa entertain ment from beginning to end. John Wallace is deserving of the highest praise for his stage managuisnt. * :' .„, ? ? ???-:. Says a London oritios— 'The theatrical souvenir 1b still developing. . When Mr. Georgo Edwardea gave away » sovonandsix penny score it was thought the game had boen played out. Bn.t Mr. Peuley, on tho forth coming ocoasion of the big festival night of 'Charley's Aunt,' is -going to givo away real silver. Every man in th* audience ia that night to have a silver matchbox, and every lady a ailvor puff-box. Now that it has oome to joirollory we may look for diamond tlaraa if Mr. Barney Baru*to'i play rant (or a ban dr«4 nights. Wo have rocoived A. W. Junoker'fl Inteat Bong,' Star of tlie East,' which is suitablo for either concert or church. Tho composer of ' I Was Dreaming ' has writton it for, and dedicatod it to, Philip Newbury. '' Niobo ' has boon rovivod with nuonoas at (he Loiidcu Strand Theutro. Misa Beatrice Lamb appears as Niobe, and Mr, Harry Paulton aa Peter Amos Dunu. ? ? ? When tho laat English mail left Miss Janet Achuroh was lying at her residence in Onalow Rqnaro daiigeroualy ill with typhoid fovor. Her speedy recovery la ainoeraly wished by nil whoadmlro the lady. ? ? * Recenlly at the Duko of York's Theatre was sucoeaafully producod a new muaioal ourtoin ralsor oalled 'Giddy Galatea,' word* and lyrics by Honry Kdlln, and muoio by Edward Jones, ? ? ? It was wliila acting in Mr: Bronson Howard's 'The Old Love and tho New' that tlio .lute Amy Rosullo llrst mot her husbaml. ImiIo had orduincd it that tho Harolda of this play should marry tho Lilians, fivo distinct Harolds having married llvo diutinot Lilians, aud the Dacroa were uo oxcoption to tho rule. ? a ? Iltro'flan itom from The Indian Planters) Gazkttk (Calautta) which should prove of intorost:— 'Miss Luoiu Hurwood has acorod yet another sucoosb— and quilo an big a one, if not a grimier, na aho did iu ' Ebhsmith '— in ?Tho Passport.' Calcutta is perfectly charmed with her other eido, tho eoniody ono, that this olovor lady haa been giving thu play goors a clianco of studying, and from first, to last thero haa not been ouo dinHontiout voic*1. To scoro nu unqimliliud bucccfs in tho Cilv -' Disoontont is givou to fow pooplo, but Ilk ' Harwood has certainly done so, and aho is to bo hoartily congratulated upon it. TIioeo who had previously soon this actross in ' Ebbsinith' wero auiazod at hor versatility.' ? #. ? This is from tho Pelican of Novombor 23 ? —?'Of cour.se, last Saturday night at the OporuCoiniqiie.when wo assembled towelcomo back Miss Nollio Farron, was a joyous occa sion, but, oh, dear mo I thuro was much that waa pathotic, too -, and to thoso of ns to whom tho GaiKy days of Nellie Furren, Kdward Torry, Kato Vaiighan, Toddy Uoyco, Johnny Dallas, and Tom Squire wore familiar, tho air aooinod somehow peopled with ghosts. Tbo sceno at the fall of I bo curtain was remark able. Up it wont again, disclosing Miss Fnireu looking wonderfully bright and woll Heated ill the midst of her company. And thon wo all applaudod for what we woro worth, while »)io said a fow words which, I am quito nuro, camo right from her heart, very grace fully, vory judiciously, and vory nicoly indeed. I understand tbat Trilby will marry Taffy in aotual life. In other words, that Miss Kato Cutlorand Mr. Farren .Soutar will shortly bo nnme man and wife, and that being bo The Pelican offers them Ills very best wishos for thoir future ltappiucas.' . ? ? Thus a London papor on tho firBt night of ' A Model Trilby'— a nno-aat musioal skit by O. H. BrookHold nnd W. Yardley— musio by Meyer Lutz : — 'A crowd of pretty girls, a group of clover, comely dancers, a misen scene sufficient and suggestive, all helped to a success which if it turns outonly half as well as it promised on Saturday night will make a lino start in management for Misa Furron. Seated in tbo midst of the playors when tho iiual curtain was ngain liftod sho was roccived with npplauso that threatened never to ond. A touching littlo speech in which she said that sho bolieved that sho was the happiest woman in England, and that as she felt sho had now bad their lovo so sho would try to keep it, drew, forth fresh clicors ; nnd thus onded a night tho like of which has hardly beon seen iu this generation.' ? a a Thus tho Aoe on Misa Florenco Wilton, who mado her bow to Molbournites at tho Royal on Boxing Night iu ' Santa Clnus, and thu Houso that Jack Built ' :— ' MiBS Floreuco Wilton, who was specially engaged for tho pantomime, is a dapper little lady who seems quito conversant with Btago bueincsa. Hor voice is somewhat light iu quality, but is not devoid of swootnoss. Her style is pretty ratbor thau Btroug, and being strango to Molbouruo Bho labored under tbo marked disadvantage of not. Knowing hor undionco, wIiokq pecu* liarities she will havo to (study. At tho same timo sho shapes well. She has a capital style of dancing, aud her figure being woll-rounded und compact, her various dresses, which are moro or less masculine, servo to onlmnco her appearance. A few nighta' experience will place hor porfectly at ease, wheu she will be iu a position, wo havo littlo doubt, to give an oxcellent account of herself, it remains to be seou whether she cau proporly assimilate her Btyla to the comic vein, nnd can bo aH vivacious and chic as the part of Jack re quires. So far as tho ordinary variety busi ness ia concerned, sbo will bo found all tbat is wanted, and with her natural abilities, her training aud intelligence Bhould prove a suc cess,' ? ? . » EVERYBODY'S WHEREABOUTS. Jennie Loo opened in ' Jo ' in Calcutta on November 30. ? ? Tommy Hudson is once again doing well iu Culouttn. ? ? Tho Per maim and the Bovia Bro3. aro woll spokou of by tho local critics. * ' Harry Shine rejoined tho company ou tho 30th ult. ? ? Wm. Elton, Ed. Farloy, Arthur Lissuut, Stannia Leslie, Flora Uranpnor, Marietta Nush, Florence Younir, Maio Saqui, Leonoro Orolli, and it host of othors aro in ' Djiu-Djin.' ? ? Goorgo Rignold left for London ou Monday iu tbo Oroya. ? ? Tho Misses Nellie Mortyno, Graco Noblo, and Mabol Hardy loft in tho samo steamor. ? ? The Referee wishes them all a pleasant trip. ? ? The Cogills have returned to Brisbane, and thoy commoncod another season there on Boxing Night. ? ? Win. D'EuBoiu, Jus. Hervoy, Ouda, of tho Leslie Brcn., aro big attractions in the com bination. ? ? Speed, Dolohory, Craydon, and Holland aro still at the Gaioty, Brisbane. ? ? M'Loan's Gaiety Co. opened a three nights' flea boh at tho Bathurst School of Arts on Boxing Nichtin 'Cinderella' ton packed housu. ? ? Arthur Deano, the young Australian baritone, is studying hard under Charles Sa-ntley. ? ? Goorgo Darroll and tho ' Land of tho Moa' tho Opora llouso, on Boxing Night, with 'Tho Doublo Event.' » ? The D'Orsay Ogden Company opened at Hobart on Boxing Night, in' On 'Chango.' ?? ' Tho Second Mrs.' Tanquoray ' drow packed houses in Auckland. ? ? Tho Lnzorn-Dalton Company finished its Townsvilleaeasnii on Saturday. ? ? They will bo at Mount Morgan on January 1 and 2, and Rockliampton 3rd lo Gth. ? ? ' La Ilolle Theresa' failed to draw in Molbourne. ? * Olira Notboraolo has boon winning golden opinions onco moro in America. * ? Wallaco Drownlow has (up to quito recently) beon away from the Comic Opora Company for some time Buffering from hia old throat oomplaint. ? ? Tho Royal Comic Opora Company opo'ned at Boudigo oil Hexing Night. ?? Thoy go from thero to Ballarat, finishing tbo Xmas tour at Hobart. ? ? A Sydney season may follow. ? ? Mark Twain has sailed in tho Oneana for London. ? ? Harry Musgrovo's appointment to tho managership of tho Australian Elovon nppeara a judicious oue. ? ? Joseph Robin (comedian and occentria dancer), Mario Hood (aorio-coinicand danco artiste), .Too Fredericks (ondmau aud comedian), and tlio Ivanof Bros, appoared at tho Molbourne Opora Hoiiso last Saturday ?? Tbeso, excepting tho Ivanof Bros., aro moro of Harry Rickards' importations. ' ? The Ivanofs leavo Molbourne fur Capetown iu thoTbormopyliu on January i. * ? Dan Barry is producing '18 Life Worth Living' at tho Melbouruo Alexandra. ? ? Constance Loaoby, woll known ou thu English lyric stago years ago, iB Binging at tho London halls. ? ? Carl Hertz is now iu London, drawing as woll as ever. * * Georgo Coppin's Molbourno Royal panto, of ' Santa Claus' is drawing woll. 