HISTORY OP THE PALLIUM. To find out the origin and history of the Eallium we cannot with certainty go back eyond the fifth century. For the historical form of the vestment the earliest satisfactory example is probably to be found in the cele brated ivory tablet of Treves. This monument of Christian art in the sixth or seventh century represents, it is supposed, the bringing of the relics of the Passion to Treves at the instance of the Empress St. Helena. It is related in "Historical Papers" that two figures seated side by side in a chariot hold up between them a casket shaped like a reliquary. Their dress is distinguished from that of the other figures in the composition by one notable peculiarity. A narrow band or scarf runs loosely round the neck of each, one end of which falls from the left shoulder, while the other seems to be thrown behind the back. If it were not for the markedly ecclesiasti; cal character of- the . carving in which the head of the Saviour is seen adorned with the nimbus looking out from, an upper window together with children swinging thuribles, and a large cross in the hands of a female figure, it might be suwposed that the occupants of the'chariot wereyonsuls arrayed in the lorus. • But all the surroundings suggest that in the two . figures should be recognised bishpps wearing the pallium. Representations of the pallium'are also to be found in the mbsaics of Ravenna belonging to the sixth and seventh centuries. Literary records supplement the information which has been derived from the monuments of Christian art. John the Deacon, writing in the ninth century and describing a contemporary Eortrait of St. Gregory the Great preserved in is own day thus speaks of the pallium he is wearing:—"A narrow pallium falls from the right shoulder , and passes over to the left, drooping below the breast in a semicircle. One end is thrown back over the left shoulder, the other hangs straight down from the same shoulder, not in the middle of the bodyj but at the side." By the beginning of the tenth century the pallium has assumed substantially its present shape. It was a collar with a lappet in the centre before and a lappet opposite be hind. The pallium was. first heard of as a dis tinctive ecclesiastical garment'in the West in 351\. The Liter Pontificalis states that Rope Marcus in that year conferred the pallium on the Bishop of Ostia.;. afterwards frequent ex amples ofithese'early popes bestowing the sacred pallium were " to, be found. .. St. Gregory bestowed it upon several bishops, amongst others St. Augustine..., That the pallium -was to be obtained only of the Roman Pontiff, the Vicar of Jesus Christ, was acknowledged in the general Synod of the Franks held in 745' under the presidency : of St. Bonifacej that '-it symbolised ^tiie fulness . of the . Pontifical office is attested, by the Words of-the eighth General Synod: in 870. When the'archbishop elect _ petitions personally he proceeds to the Pontifical throne. _ After the' conclusion of: business, accompanied by a consistprial advo cate, and kneeling, he asks theSovereign Pontiff for the pallium. The words of the petition are—"Most Holy Father, I.N., elect of the Church of N., petition urgently, more urgently, most urgently that there may be conceded and transmitted to me a pallium taken from the body of Blessed Peter, in which there is fulness of Pontifical office." It is not possible from the defective nature of the records to pronounce with confidence how the connection between the pallium and the fulness of pontifical office was first estab lished. Front'an early period the woollen bands which the Pontiff was to_ confer as a mark of his confidence and affection were laid for a night upon the tomb of the holy apostles prior to being transmitted to their recipients. Theceremonyof "watcliingthe pallia" (Vigilarc pallia) was performed in the middle ages by the canons of St. Peter's, and was observed with considerable solemnity. The sacred pallium of to-day is a narrow band of white wool made in the form of a circle, and adorned with six black Maltese crosses. It is worn over the shoulders, and terminates in two lappets, one of which hangs on the breast, the other on the back of the prelate. _ The ex tremities of the lappets consist of thin sheets of lead (cased) in black silk. Every year on the feast of St. Agnes, while the choir are singing the antiphon, Staus a dexteris ejus agnus nive candidior, in her church in _ the Via Nomentana outside Rome, two white lambs are offered at the sanctuary rails by the com munity of Lateran Canons Regular. The lambs are placed upon the altar, blessed, and presented to two canons of St.; John Lateran, who take them afterwards to the Pope to receive his blessing. They are then given into the care of some religious in stitution until the proper time comes for shearing them, when tbeir wool is taken, mixed with other lambswool, and woven into pallia by the nuns of the Convent of Torre de Specchi. Early on the vigil of Saints Peter and_ Paul the new pallia are laid upon the altar in the n.rvn.•fflsefn nf PJf: "Potpr's tJm orunf, in wTiirVh confcssio of St. Peter's, the orypt in which reposes the 1 body of _ the apostle. By a constitution of Benedict XIV., _ issued _ in 1748, they are to be blessed if possible by the Pope himself after the vespers sung on the vigil. When the consecration is com pleted they are not now, as formerly, taken to the sacristy until wanted, but theyare left in a silver-gilt coffer in the closest proximity to the tomb of the apostles, that the words " We confer upon thee the pallium taken from the body of blessed Peter" may be verified as literally as possible. . The Pope only may wear the pallium during solemn, mass-on all occa sions and in all places, because he has been raised to the plenitude, of ecclesiastical power, signified by the pallium. Patriarchs, primates, archbishops, and all others who have the privilege of the pallium, are not allowed to wear it as they please, but only within the limits of their own jurisdiction, on certain days, and only during solemn mass. It is not used during processions, or at masses for the dead, nor outside the church. _ So strict is the rule about the burial of the pallium that even in the case_ when an archbishop is drowned at sea and his body cannot be |recovered, it is provided that his pallium is not to be given to his successor but must be either buried in the ground or burnt. When the pallium is conferred outside Rome the Sovereign Pontiff appoints one or two bishops for the performance of the ceremony. It is delivered in the cathedral of the arch bishop-elect or in some other church of his province, if more convenient (unless necessity require another course). Mass is first cele brated. After the communion of the cele brant the pallium is placed in the middle of the altar wrapped in its covering of silk. When mass is over the bishop delegated by the Pope 'approaches the altar, wearing amice, stole, cope, and mitre, and takes his seat on a faldstool. : The archbishop-elect, clad in his Pontifical vestments, as. if for the celebration of mass (except, however, mitre and gloves), then kneels ^before the bishop-delegate and takes the oath of fealty to the Holy See. The oath having been taken the officiating bishop, wearing the mitre, takes the pallium and places it upon the shoulders of the arch bishop-elect, still kneeling at his feet, saying— "To the honor of Almignty God, the Blessed Mary ever Virgin, and the blessed Apostles Peter and Paul, of our Lord Pope N., and of the holy Roman Church, as well as of the | Church of N., which has been entrusted to [ thee, we deliver to thee the pallium taken from the body of Blessed Peter, in which is the ful ness of the Pontifical office, together with the name and style of archbishop, that thou mayest use it -within thy own church on the -appointed-days, which are- set down-in-the privileges granted by the Apostolic See. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and the Holy Ghost. Amen." The days on which the pallium can he worn are as follow:—Nativity of our Lord, the Feasts of St. Stephen jProtomartyr, and of St. John, Ap. et Er., the Circumcision, the Epiphany, Palm Sunday, Maunday Thursday, Holy Saturday, Easter Sunday, and the two following days; the Ascension, Pente cost, the Feasts of. St. John the Baptist and of the twelve Apostles, of Corpus Christi, the Feasts of the Purification, Annunciation, Assumption, and Nativity of the B.V.M-, All Saints, at Solemn Mass, on the occasion of the dedication of churches, the principal feasts of the Metropolitan Church, the Ordinations of the clergy, consecration of bishops, the bless ing of abbots, profession of nuns, anniversary of dedication of principal church and of his i own consecration, and tne day of the celebra- j tion of the Provincial Synod. 