VICTORIA. ABCHDIOOTCSE OP MELBOURNE. DAT OV DEVOTION, Tuesday, 19th iust., being the (cast St. Joseph, patron of the Universal Churoh, will bo a day of devotion, BT. FBANOI8 1 , L0N8DAt,E-8TBBItr. tions during the week. The churoh'at the early morning and evening servioes has been woll filled eaoh day, and the fathers have been kept very busy in the confessional all tho week. On Tuesday the Blessed Sacrament was exposed for the veneration of the faithful during tho day. A fortnight's mission for men will oommenoo to-morrow, mcHMom There was & very largo attendance of the members of the metropolitan and suburban branches of the H.A.O.B.S. and of the general public at SU Ignatius' Ohuroh, Riohmond, on Sunday evening, when a handsome new banner recently procured by tho Richmond branch of the eooiety was blessed by Fr. Mulhall, S.J. Tho occasional sermon was preached by tho Rev. Dr. Kelly, pastor of St. Brigid's, North FiUroy, who, referring In to inn the nurnmnnv ceremony nnrfnnniul performed tl.«t that ninl.t night, Raid that ho had never beon ablo to understand why tho Catholio young men of this oountry, who were for the most part of Irish birth, joined non- Catholio benefit societies when they had •uch an excellent organisation in their midst as the H.A.O.B.S. Dr. Kelly congratulated the ohuroh on the posses* sion of their beautiful banner, whioh most appropriately bore tho figure of the patron saint of tho parish, ana which the members of tho society oould, with legitimate pride, follow through the streets of Melbourne on Saturday next. TA , 2?! ,7*. P ®l Convent of e the ba Faithful r 8 Companions, r ,arcd and measures 16ft. by 14ft., Kiohmond, and oost considerably over £100. The painting on the front of the banner represents St. Ignatius in tho Jesuit habit, expounding his spiritual exercises. The painting of the figure and surroundings is within two large sprays of oak and laurel en. twined, the whole being embellished With a border of lilies of the valley and the wild and beautiful eglantine. Over the head of St. Ignatius the Holy Ghost is represented in the form of a dove, shedding rays of Divine love upon the saint, and in an oval spioe in the lower border is to bo seen the tablets of stone containing the Decaloguo on whioh lay the Seven Seals. On rioh and ornamental aoroll work is painted the Words "St. Ignatius Branch, Kiohmond," and below the motto of the society, "Faith, Hope, and Charity." On the open book in the hands of tho saint is written, "Ad Majorem Dei Gloria The reverse side oontaius a figure of Hibernia, with wolf hound and harp, and in the distanoe the round towers of other days, within a border ,repte«eotioK «n oak frame. Immediately over thUtfttne work ib to bo seen our terrestrial glOoo, crowned with a . Celtic crass, fu*.d the sunburst breaking through and piercing dark and heavy clouds. Around the globe is a wreath t>f shamrocks, typieal Of tho universality of the frith Hoe, yet united iu the strongest bonds of undying love for the land whioh gave them birth. The anas of Erin and of Australia crown the corners of a beautiful Gothie design. The shading of the ground work is of a terra-oott* colour, relieved with wavy and artistic tracery. In tho lower portion reverse aide is displayed various ecclesiastical emblems and large bunches of wattle blossom and shamrocks. Under the latter, in inimitable aoroll, the words " Advance Australia " are brought out in bold relief, and under the wattle blossom the words " Erin Go Bragh." A border of Roman oloth, 18 inehoa wide, forms a very auitable frame work for the paint, ing. The border and painting are joined by * band of gold lace 3} inches wide, and another band of ((old laee, of the mum width, rolievea tho outer edge of the border, and a thick gold cord, about an ineh in diameter, sot* off the aides, terminating in two gold tuteela. Bullion fringe, 8 inehoa wide, finishes the bottom of the banner. Muoxr* or THi cioas. The annual proceaiion of the city and suburban branches of the League of the Croat took place at tho Oathedral on Sunday afternoon. The weather wet most favourable, and, at a consequence, a very large number of persona ««. aeabled iu ihe neighbourhood of 8u Patrick*! to witon tho denonttrttion. The arrangements for the prooession were very complete, and punctually at three o'clock tho various branohos fell petual into the plaoes allotted them. Over 6000 members. wearing the temporanco (badge of the league, took part in the procession, whioh, starting at the I O'Connoll statue, moved along Gisborne. stroet, up Albert-street, and baok to the prinoipal entranoo to the Oathedral. I The branohos represented were:—St. Patrick's, St. Francis', St. Monica's liamstown), St. George's (Carlton), St. Ambrose's (Brunswick), 8a. Peter and Several appropriate temperanoe hvmns were sung during the procession. Jlsoh branch oarriod its own banner, and somo of theso were exceedingly pretty. The Archbishop, attended by a number of priests ana acolytes brought up the rear of the procession. On entering the hurch tho hymns " Hail I Sweet emperance " and " The Cross" wore Bung y the vast assemblage. The occasional ermon was preaohed by the Itav. Fr, O'Dwyor, wlio took for his text the words of Isaias, v. 22—" Wo to vou that aro mighty to drink wine." The rev. gontlemau quoted the views of tho fathers and doctors of the early Ohuroh regarding indulgence in intoxicating drink. Many of the leading prelates of the present day—notwithstanding the laborious nature of their duties—had led the van in this movement of temperance, and ought Hnot nt their ... congregations [ i. to feel ashamed if they wore unable to follow the good example thus setP For the drunkard tho virtue of temperance was no longer a oouusel, but a strict injunction, for the habitual love of drink and the love of God oould not reign in the samo soul. Another aspect of the matter was the physiologioal, and one eminent physician had expressed the opinion that on the score of health everyone should be a teetotaller, since the tendenoy of alcohol was to excite the brain ana set the nerves ajar. Sir Andrew Clarke had touohed upon tho matter from theheredi ary point of view by inquiring what was to become of those who camo into tho world with the stain of drink upon them and in them. And while from the spiritual point of view the murderer or tho robbor about to expiate his crime could appeal to God for mercy and obtain it, to the dving drunkard, bereft of his reason by "his own act, all the priests of the Church oould not administer tho Sacraments so accessary for hie salvation. Fr. O'Dwyer conoluded by oalling upon the members of tho leaguo to renew their pledge, whioh was immediately one, tho effect produced by SOOO voioes epeating in unison tho solemn words inding them to abstain from intoxioatng drink being something indescribable. onediction of tho Blessed Saorament as afterwards given by the Archbishop. MISSION AT ST. GBOBGit's. The Redemptorist Fathers will open a mission, whiou is to extend over two weeks, ," \ at St, Goorge'B, Carlton, on Sua. day, 84th inst. The mission is to be oonduoted for the benefit of the mem* hers of the Holy Family Confraternity established in the parish. The first week's sorvioes are to be for the women, and those of the seoond week for the men. THK 618TKHS OF Off ABUT. The annual national oonoert in connection with St, Patriok's Day and in aid of St. Viooent's Hospital, East Melbourne, of whioh particulars will be fouud in our advertising columns, will be givon in the Town Hall this evening. His Graoe tho Arohbishop of Melbourne will be present on tho oooasion, and an intimation has been received from Government House to the effect that Lady Hopetoun, whose departure from Melbourne will take place in a few weeks, will be present during the evening. It is not necessary for us to point out the deserving nature of the charity in aid of which tho oonoert is to be held. The Sisters of Oharity have long before this made their presence felt in Melbourne through tho medium of their hospital work, and there are few, we imagine, amongst us who would not gladly, if personally appealed to, render all the help in their power to the good nuns in order to enable them to continue the noble work iu which they wo engaged at St. Vincent a. The grand example set by the Countess of Hopetoun, who of her own accord has come forward on this, as on other occasions to encourage and astitt the Sitter*of Charity, willnot, we vwrtute to predict, be lost upon her lady, thip'e countrymen here in Melbourne, who have always been foremost in all efforhto ameliorate the lot of the trick and afflicted of this city. COKVRNT OF ST. JlWKVir, IPOOTSPIIAT. On Sundav next, l?th in*t, the re. pting of above oonveat will be celebrated in St. Monica's Ohuroh Footscray, by a Mim Cantata at el o'olook, The oooasional sermon will be reached by the Rev, T. Quin, Oarlton. S[oeart's 12th Mass, with full orchestral accompaniment, will bo rendored by a special choir. Appropriate music will be given at the offertory, and Hsndel'i Hallelujah ohorus at the close of Mass The convent was oponed about twelve months ago, but it was soon a parent that the rapid increase tho number of souolars attending the school would neoessitato additions to tho teaching stuff and In the aecommo dation at their disposal. Additions to the building were determined on, and a second story, with batoony, has beon erccted. It is dosigned in tho domestio style of Gothic arohiteoture, oonstruoted of briok, with picked dressing round doors and windows. Tho roof is ornamented with Gothio pitched gables, on two elevations, and filled in with stopped ohamfered open timber work. Orna. mohtal crosses surmount tho gables. A wooden balcony extends round the two elevations, constructed on the modern principle, and embellished with richly-out ana moulded balustrades, with turned wood newols, etc. Tho rooms are large and well ventilated, and designod to provide every -eonyonienoo. A well-appointed bath-rootai >tjll Javatory are also provided. A lam, wandsome, circular-bonded wiiidO^ ofjflnred and embossed glass lights tho raipase and hall. The building is ah,dhuimont to tho district, and the Oatnolios of Footscray aro rejoiced that they have made adequate provision for the good sisters. The collection is to be made for the building fund, and wo feel sure that to tho appeal there will be a liberal response from the congregation, and from he many friends of tho Sisters of St. oseph throughout the colony. wnnriiKSBA. A bnsaar in aid of building a church at Whittlesea was hold in the Publio Library on the 1st, 2nd, and 4th March, and was fairly successful. Mr. John Wilson, tho resident inspeotor Yan Yean Reservoir, performed the custom* ary opening ceremony. Fr. O'Cal. laghan, of Heidelberg, was present, and movod a hearty vote of thanks to Mr. Wilson for the compliment conferred. Mr. Ryan seconded the motion, whioh was carried with acclamation, and duly acknowledged by Mr, Wilson in a neat and effective speech. The hall of the Publio Library was suitably fitted up, and the stalls arranged in a most artistic manner, by the lady stallholders. The attendance was fairly good, and repre* Rented all olasses in the district. The most prominent in initiating tho movement to raise funds towards building a ohuroh in the township of Whittlesea is the worthy daughter of Mr. Frederick Walsh, J.P., Whittlesea. Tho prooeods of the baaaar are expocted to amount to about £38. Mr. Robert Harper, M.L.A., forwarded a donation, and his Graoo tho Arohbishop has proised £10.—Commmieated. 1UYLK8FORI). The Rev. W. Ganly has just com. leted his annual inspection of Satholio schools in the Daylesford mission, and we are glad to notice that his the report is, on the whole, most satisfactory. Speaking of tho Presentation Con. vent, Daylesford, Fr. Ganly is highly complimentary. He was muoh pleased with the discipline, organisation, order, and methods of teaching. All the sub. jeots on tho syllabus havo been taught with suooess. In many branches tho maximum percentage was realised. The listers aro declared to have brought the kindergarten olaas to a high state of efficiency. When it is considered that this system is strongly recommended by all progressive educationists, as an ad. wirablo means for developing the per. oeptive and intellectual faculties of very young children, we can understand the attention devoted to it by the teachers of the Holy Cross school. In conclusion, wo cordially congratulate the sisters on their suocoss. KTKSrON. At St. Mary's Church, Kyneton, on Sunday, the Rev. W, Ganly, inspector of Catholic schools, proaehed, taking his text from the Gospel of the day (Matt. 1-0). The preacher went on to ehow the value of prayer with the proper dispositions, and said that the Christian who prayed regularly was on the right toad to salvation, It mattered not, •aid the preacher, that a man thinkt he leads a good life in other respect* and performed good actions—without pttyer be oould not save hit soul. The wonderful power of prayer was illustrated in the early dayt of Christianity, when tender maidens, who were sustained by faith and prayer, went cheerfully to torture and death rather than deny Christ, and, when the rtecution ceased* it was found that Siristiauity bad apread all over the land. Fr. Ganly tea been making bit ven schools annual of examination the district. of We the understand Catholle that, so far, Fr, Ganly has been quite satisfied with tho result of hia examina* tion. OPNOBBOATIfW OF TJTB OJIILDBBU OF MAltr, OBfiliOKQ. The annual meeting of this association was hold on Suuday afternoon in Our Lady's Chapel at tho convent, In the absence of tho rev. mother, Mother Mary Regis presided. The principal business was the election of office-bearers for tho current term, whioh resulted as followsPresident, Miss Mansfield | vice-presidents, Miss Hogsn and Miss O'Brien t minute secretary, Miss A. Carroll; treasurer, Mils O'Dricn; saoristan, Miss De Patanan; council. Misses Murphy, Bronkwe)), Organ, Butters, Walshe, Bourke, Kenny, Bennett, H. O'Brien, and M. Konnelly, OKBLONO, (From our own Corretnondm The missionary isoal of St. Francis Xftvier was exhibited very strongly In his concern for the salvation of sailors, and those who have read the story of the heroic Apostle of the Indies will recol. led the privations to which he submitted in his efforts to rescue the toiler* of the sea from spiritual shipwreck. Tho need for special effort on behalf of the poor mariner still exists, and it is surprising 1o find what a number of Catholic sailors there are amongst the crews of the ves> sols which have visited this port during the past season. The moorings have scarcely been securcd before the ships are boarded l>y representatives of tho little Bethels, thirsting to secure "Jack ashore" amongst their trophies, but the Catholio tar has somehow been lost sight of. A warni-heartod Irishwoman of my acquaintance, in whom the missionary spirit of the rsce is not wanting, has lately taken advantage of opportunities which came in hcr way to ascertain if there are Catholic seamen on the. vessels in port. Several of them have been introduced to Fr. O'Brien, who has taken a gond deal of pains in regard to their welfare, and on Sunday morning no fewer than seven sailors from one ship ftroparcd themselves for tho dangers of iho return voyage by approaching the sacraments. Such a result is very eon. soling, and it$ is worthy of note that the chief officer of the vessel expressed admiration regarding the conduct of tin crew on Suuday in contrast with tho u*ual effects of the "blow out" on shore. The men were presented by Fr. O'Brien with rosary beads and scapulars and a number of Catholic publications, and they wore evidently muoh pleased, with the kindly interest he took in their, welfare.' The visits of "missionaries" to the ships is so muoh associated,' in the nautical view, with subsequent appeals for tho poor heathon in need of waistbands and chest protectors that the average sailor looks upon them with suspioion. One of our Catholic seamen, wlten Fr. O'Brien went on board his ship, was asked by a mate if tho visitor were not one of the " fawthers." lie is, then," replied the other, " but you needn't be alrsid of a collection." Perhaps the young men*« societies might occasionally help to make Catholio seamen feel at home amongst their co-religionists at these ports by seeking them out and inviting them to a social evening. The St Patriok's Socioty at its last meeting, which w«u largely attended, decided, after an animated disoussion, to materially reduce its initiation fees for the encouragement of young men. The entrance fee for candidates Tor membership under 81 years of age has been fixed at the low rate of five shillings. The question of amalgamating has evidently been allowed to lapse, the members being satisfied to get along by themselves.- Great anticipations have been formed regarding the loeal demonstration in honour of Ireland's patron saint, and, een fine weather, the arrangements Sould prove completely successful. An attractive programme bat been prepared in connection with tho evening entertainment, with which the demonstration will be terminated at St. Mary'a Hall, ita special feature, to borrow a well* wore expression, being very appropriate to the oooasion. It is entitled " Ireland in Picture, Song, and Story." A miei of very tine limelight pictures hate been procured for the entertainment, in connection with which harmonised melodies will be rendered by the combined choirs and a ohorus of children, whose rehearsals have been under the irection of Fr, Itobinton, The Colae eople are alto going to have great emonstration, having made a reeord in egard to the number of entries for their porta gathering, Key, Mother Gabriel, of the Oonmt f P«* <>f Mwcy, *t Newtown, u till making gratifying pru»regt towards filf^ tbe With hioh the was prostrated, tL The Lenten evening devotion* at both nhurche* m being well attended, They j oonsist of the Roisry, practical in* Rtrootioni, «nd Benediction of the Bleiied Beorament. 