N'lEDPOETK Bv J. O. B. In a letter to the press Mr. Oepeland, M.L.A., sayB of certain members of the last Parliament that : — ' When the bugle sounded to aims the battle-axes of these double-dyed traitors were found to consist of nothing more offensive than mutton cutlets or beef steaks as represented by £300 a year.' Mr. O.'s progenitors must cer tainly have been among- the very first Crusaders — must have ridden with Godfrey or, under Richard, charged the elite of Saladin's chivalry. For their successor, the lately chosen representa tive of. Redfern, cannot get away from the battle-axes of his sires. Not long ago, in the House, before the general election relegated him to the unwelcome stagnation of private life, he was for carrying a vote of censure by means of ? the axe and the lance. Give him but one of these useful persuaders and a change of Government might be looked for with confidence. With both of them — combined with a couple of active lads, one to carry his shield and the other to fix his ? casque — he would have swept the Treasury benches at a run. Mutton cutlet sabres and beef steak claymores would have but a poor show against a determined man with his temper up and ?* his visor^ down — a falchion in one hand and a pole-axe in the other. Many students of medi SBval history will regret that on no occasion during ? last Parliament had Mr. Copeland ttie run of an old-time armoury before taking hi6 seat for the . night's debate. What New South Wales wants ; to restore prosperity is the heads of a few double i dyed traitors on spikes. That's why I voted for ? Mr. C. at the recent election — that's why I regard ' the immediate future with hope. * ? * « Men have begun to wonder whether this ulfi maium to Venezuela is the work of the Cabinet's head, the old Saturday Reviewer, or of its main prop, the multi-coloured Mr. Chamberlain. Seeing that the dispute has to do with an indepen dent Power, it should lie in Lord Salisbury's line of duty — seeing that a British colony is in terested, it is probable that the whilom Birming \- ham Radical will have a'say in the matter. It was surmised, even hinted abroad, at the installation of the present Administration, that there was to be an end of shilly-shallying, that the Cabinet's com . posite foot was to be put down with some emplia bib when any Power, great jor small, ventured to put the suspicion of a twist in Leo's tail. The Chinese first tried it on, and at once received a warning note that the animal was getting hungry and dangerous. Then the Ashantee niggers had a turn, and were promptly told that they would be wiped out if they couldn't behave themselves. Now it is the Venezuelans who are reminded that . the Orinoco touches a comer of British territory, . and may be made to touch much more should cir , cumstances demand it. It appears . that these , restless South American half-breeds have been . meddling with some of Albion's outlying pickets [ on ttib northern selvedge of Guiana, and have , begun crowing so loud, that a friendly message had to be sent them to stop their cackle if they didn't want their necks wrung. To-day it is a tropical American Republic or a tropical African barbarism. To-morrow it may be — who shall , say ? Who shall lay down the course when the Protean Joe has a grip of the State rudder and the strongest armada that ever sailed the seas but . awaits bis signal ? * » * * What constitutes a ' perfect lady ' appears to be an even more difficult question than the perfect gentleman one. The^ following are among eome of the definitions given in a Sydney journal : — A. Eve in the Garden of Eden. B. One who never slanders her own sex. C. One who is , educated, elegant, and ethical. D. One that ' washes up inthe kitchen -while the maid is spread ing out the clothes. E. One who irons her hus band's collars and cuffs. F. One who goes into the ladies' .waiting-room at a railway station instead of taking a platform seat. It will be seen from, the foregoing that a good deal of diversity exists regarding the true gentlewoman. Further, it is to be feared that as the years goby this rarest of all productions will become scarcer still. A high civilisation kills off a good many things, and . it would appear that the perfect lady is one of them. At all events, she's a very different ? creature at the century'e end from what she was at its beginning. 'As there were no other women . to remark her conduct, the assumption that Eve was a lady is an entirely gratuitous one. Her . husband may have thought otherwise — particu- larly after the snake affair, and the ready credence . she gave to the transparently obvious falsehood of a creature lhat couldn't stand straight. On the whole, it is clear that a true definition is just as far off as ever. At all events, if we're to wait for # a perfect lady till one appears who irons or washes up on an emergency, who never says hard things of the' woman next door, and who buries herself in a waiting-room when people are pro menading outside, her coming will be synchronous with the paralysing proclamation ' Time was, but time shall be no more.' Spiritualism has come down to sixpence a seance in Sydney. Thus, like the thrftp W.-- -. the University, the Legislature, and many other things, once monopolised by the well-to-do, it is gradually being brought within the reach of alL It may be objected that the article offered at the present low price is not of the same style and finish as that of some time ago, when faith was strong and imposture undetected. But there's no sound reason to believe that any falling off has occurred in the quality of the goods supplied. Such, at least, is my impression after a few recent visits to the sixpenny performances, and an unprejudiced comparison of them with those of the flush times in ghosts two or three years since. At any rate, I had an instructive conversation last Sunday with a voice which appeared to be all ? that was left of a distant relative of mine who met with an accident in '98 — ' promoted the hemp manufacture,' his enemies meaningly said. It was only when I heard his whoop that I forgave Pitt's Government for stifling it. No regime could live with such windpipes impressed. ? ♦ * ? On being assured of his identity I let this into him : — ' Did Bonaparte ever intend to aid you during the end of '97 or the beginning of '98 ?' 'Never,' he yelled with a screech that would have made Tim Healy sit up and sigh. ' Boney had his own game to play in Egypt, besides having his eyes on the throne, and left* us poor devils to stagger along the best way we could. Look not for freedom ±o the Franks was what I always 6aid to Wolfe Tone.'—' Bah ! that line was written by Byron years after your — your funeral.' ' Wasitindade ? Well, anyway, I thought it often enough before the year was out. But what with this singin' in me head through thim ? Hessians I get xnixin' things up. Tell me, has the Ould Sod a kick left in it ?' ' Man ah' ve, 'it's done nothing hut kick since you died. When the boys find things getting a bit slack they kick themselves to keep their hands in. There's Willie Redmond and Colonel Sanderson, not to mention others, 'twould make a new man of you to1 see the way they take the floor in the middle of Westminster and discourse the meeting.' 41 'Tare and 'ounds, an' me in Sydney wid a six penny meejum missin' all the sport.' I tried to put another question, but the clairvoyant was ex hausted. Nothing apparently so tries a medium as an Irish ghost. When not permittea to talk it wants to fight all the well-conducted shades either . singly or in the lump. Such was my experience at Sunday's seance ; and in the light of what passed there I can conscientiously recommend these reunions. They are marvellously cheap, and possess all the mysterious features that go to jnake up a first-class sitting amongst the highest people in the land. * * * * ' Mr, Morgan is still asleep ' was the chief news from the Sydney School of Arts towards the end of last -week. This information, combined with the raucous ' move on and don't block the passage ' . of a hoarse attendant, made timid sub scribers to Hie circulating library regret that the whole Morgan family from LJangollen to Dunedin wasn't in a deep trance and likely to remain so. ?It wa^ ' Professor ' Kennedy, the talented hypnotist, that put the man in a doldrum on the preceding Monday, and after five dayB* semisus pended animation — which certainly should satisfy the Bubject for the balance of his natural life — awoke him to the world's cares on Saturday night. During this abnormal repose the public were admitted to view the patient, while doctors in twos and threes hovered round to feel his pulse, tickle his feet, thread hiB system with stout needles, pull his hair, bare his eyes, and in sinuate pungent compounds under his nose. To all these attentions M. Morgan was as oblivious as a -wooden god when a Kanaka, high priest drives a nail in his poll for the faithful to hang pro pitiatory offerings on. When he came to, he merely yawned, stretched himself, and received with smiling incredulity the statement that his brief span of life had been shortened by 120 hours. Assuming- that the affair has any value, how can the experiment be compared with that vouched for by a British General in India ? To the cantonment in which this officer was stationed came one day a company of fakirs. A deep pit -was dug in a corner of the station ; a white-bearded stroller was hypnotised, doubled up, bundled into a box, and buried in the recently made opening. Then the earth was shovelled in, some grain sown on top, and a corporal's guard placed over the mound. .It was not till the grain was in the ear that the mummers returned for their elderly comrade. They'd been all -over India, and just took the station on their way south as they wanted their old mate for a season in Ceylon. So he was dug up, and, after a few preliminaries, slipped gaily out into the sunshine, a good deal sleeker and livelier than when he was laid down. To be sure' they don't know everything, on the Ganges any more than in *? Judee,' .but, when it comesjxj putting a man asleep and keep ing him so, they've little to learn from Caucasian artists. Oh, and during Morgan's slumber Dr. M'Carfchy placed on record. Beveral stafemente re jg-arding the subject's coma. At its termination he had some highly suggestive observations to offer on ihe mysterious workings of nature. Once in the flight of ages past in a country ever so fax away, . an .industrious person . dug up a marble man and showed it to another Dr. M'Carthy. Sure enough it was the petrified komo sapiens of the Miocene. Huxley says: — ' Evidence has been adduced in favour of man's existence in the Pliocene, or even in the Miocene epoch. It does not Satisfy me; but; I have no reason to doubt that the fact may be so, never theless.' But it satisfied Dr. Mac. Also, the finder of the fossil, who exhibited it at 1b a head and was prepared, as he Iiimwrif said, 'to find a Cambrian cove if anybody'd make it worth his while.' Again, there was a talented lady named Mrs. Mellon, who could never stir out without a . couple of familiars — Geordie and Sissy. All three were vouched for by this distant Dr. M'Carthy. No mistake, next to serving in a ' tote ' shop there's nothing like a medical education for making men cut their eye teeth. 