I TALES AND SKETCHES. ' A WOMAN OE THE COMMOTE. Hy G. A. HENTY. Author of " A Hidden Foe," " III thc Days of tho Mutiny," "Thc Plague Ship," "Thc Curse ol Carne'» Hold," " Dorothy's Double," tc. (AU, KUUIÏS KKsnivKD.) | CllAITCH XVI. I Whili: in tho ambulance, Mary Brander resoluli ly put lier colive Kallon willi Cuthbert ubiili-, (mt uu sunn HM alie st mi ol fur lier walk home, it became uppermost in her thoughts. | It was certainly a eurioua all iir. From limo to time friends al homo with whom alie corres- ponded, sent her local newspapers, and this had especially Leen thc case during the first few minutia nf her stay in Germany, as they naturally supposed she would he greatly intcrcsied in the calamity of tho hank fuilurc. Sile had, at thu lime il nus issued, read thc full report of the committee nf investigation upon its alkira, and although she had passed lightly over tho accounts, shu had noliucd thut the proceeds nf I'-L- sale uf the Fundóse estate were put down as subject to a deduction of fifteen thousand pound-, for a prêtions mort- gage to Jeremiah Brander, Khq. Tile matter had made no imp.-ussi n upon her mind ut tins time, hut it, now cain«: hack to her remem- brance. Of course it wau perfectly nat ural that if; Mr. Hartington wished lo honnw mom y it was to her father, as his solicitor and friend, that he would have gone, lhere could lie nothing unusual in thal, but what Cnthbrt iiad told her about Mr. Hartington buying i lö- sbares but two months before his deaili was certainly singular Surely ber father could have prevented his laking so disastrous a step. Few men are regarded by members of their family in exactly the same light as they are regarded hy thc public, and Jeremiah Hrandcr was certainly , o exception. While thc suavest of men iu the eyes of his fellow townsmen, his family were Kell aware that he possessed a temper. When thc girls were young his conversation was always guarded in their hearing, butas tiley grow up he no longer felt the same necessity for prudence of speech, and frequently indulged in thc criticisms of thc colleagues, for whom he professed thc most unbounded respect aud admiration in public. Mary had often felt something like remorse ut thc thought that the first time she read Marlin Chuzzlewit, many touches in the de- lineation of- Mr. Pecksniffs character, had reminded her of her father. She believed him to be a just and upright man, but she could not help admitting to herself that he was not by a long wuy thc mau the public believed him to bc. It was a subject on which she rarely permitted herself to think. They had never got ou very well together, and alni acknowledged to herself thal this »as as much her fault as his. ll was not so much the fact that she had a strong will uud was bent on going lier own way, regardless of the opinion of others, that had iiceu thc cause i f the gulf which had grown up between them, as thc dissimilaiity of their character. Tile ab- solute difference between thc view which she held of things iu general, to that which the rest of her family cuUrtaiued regarding them, and thc out-spoken frankness with which she was in the habit of expressing her con- tempt for things they praised highly. Thinking over this matter of Mr. Harring- ton's purchase of thc bank shares, she fouud herself wondering what mo'ive her father could have had in permitting him to buy them, for knowing how the Squire relied upon his opinion in all business malters, she could not doubt that thc latter could have prevented Ibis disastrous transaction. That he must havehad some motive she felt sure, fortier experience of him was amply sufficient for her to be well aware that lie never acted without a motive of some sort. So far us she could see, no motivo was apparent, but this in no way altered her opinion. "Cuthbert thinks it is a curious affair, and no wonder," she said to herself ' " I don't suppose he has a suspicion that anything has been wrong, und I don't.suppose there bas; but there may have been what they call sharp practice. I don't think Cuthbert likes my father, hut he is the very last man to suspect anyone. It was horrid, before, being at Fair close- it will be ten times as bad now. Thc whole thing is disgusting. It is wicked ot me to think that my father could possibly do anything thal wasn't quite honourable aud right-especially »hen there is not thc slightest reason for suspecting him. It is only, I suppose, because I know bc isn't exactly what other people think him to be, that makes mc uneasy about it. I know well enough that 1 should never have gone away from home us I did, if it had not been that I hated so to hear him running down people with whom he seemed to bc so friendly, aud making fun of all thc things in which he seemed so interested. H used to make mc quito hate- ful, ami hu was just as glad, when 1 said 1 should like to go to Oirton, to get rid of inc os Í was to go. "It is nil very well to say, honour your father and mother, but if you can't honour them what ate you lo do? I have no doubt I ¡nu worrying myself over nothing < ow, but I tr:,n't. help it. it is dreadful to feel like t hat towards one's father, but I feel quite a chill ruo ilir.'Ugh me when Cuthbert said li" should go and sec that mun Cumming and try lo get to thc bottom of things. One thing is certain, I will never live at Kairclose-never. If he leavcB il bei wecu us. Julia mid Clara may live there if tin y like, and let me have sb much a year and go my ow ii way. But I will never put foot in it. after father and mot lier are gone. It is all vi'ry miscruble, an'l I flo think I am getting to be a most hateful girl. Herc um I suspecting my own father of haling done something wrong, although of what I have not the least idea, and that without a shadow of reason, then I am almost haling a woman because a man I refused loves her. I have become discouraged and have thrown up all the pluns I had laid down for myself, because it does not seem us easy as I thought it would bc. N« that is not quite true. It is much more lin' HHS Cuthbert has laughed inc out of them, .\nyhow 1 should bea nice woman to tench other women what they should do, when I nm as weak as the weakest of them. I don't think there ever was a more objection- able sort of girt iu thc world than I have be- come." Hy tho time that she had arrived ut this cm," ii: iou she had in arly reached home. A «milieu feeling that she could not in her present mood submit, to be petted and fussed owr !.y Madame Michmd struck her, and turning abruptly she walked with brink steps tn the Alii de Triumph and then doun thc Chumps lilysee and along the Ruc Rivoli, und then round the Boulevards, returning home fagged out, bul the better for her exertion. One thing she determined during her walk, she would give up her work with thc ambul- ance. "There aro pleniy of nurses," she said, "and one more or less will make no differ- ence. 1 am miserably wc ik, but at any rate I have seule enough to know that it will bc better for me not lo bo going lhere every day, now that he is out of danger. He belongs lo someone else, und I would rather die tlun that he should ever dream what a fool 1 am ¡ and now I know it myself it will ho harder and harrier .is be gets better to bc talking to him indifferently." Accordingly the next morning, when she went down, she told Dr. ' Swinburne that she felt that she must, at any rate for a time, give up nursing. "You arc quito right, Miss Brander," he I said, kindly, " you have taxed you strength too much air-july, and arc looking a mere shadow of whul you were two months ago. You arc quite right to take a rest. I have filenty of assistance and there is not likely to ic such astraiu again UH that wc have lately 1 gono through. Puris cannot hold out many weeks longer, und after the two failures I feel sure that there will bc no more attempts al a sortie, especially us all hopes that an aru% may come to our relief arc now at an end." She found it more difficult to toll Cuthbert, but il. was not necessary for her to begin thc subject fur be noticed at once Unit alie had no t he usual nursing dress on. " Von aro going U> take a holiday to-day I suppose?" he said, as she caino'up to hi bedside. "I am going lo take a holiday (or som little lime," she said, quietly. "They can di very well without mc now. Almost all th patients in this wind arc convalescent and ! really feel that I need ft rest." " I am sure you do," he said earnestly, " i has been an nwful time for you to go through and you have behaved like a heroine. A goor many of us owe our lives to you, but the worl hos told on you sadly. I don't suppose yoi know yourself how much. We shall all inisi I y ou ut t his end of the « ard-miss you greatly I but 1 um »ure there is not one who will not feel us I 'lo, eluil to know that you arc takinf I a rest af 1er all your work. Of course you will look in noinelimes to see how your patient! are progressing. AH for myself 1 hope I shall be able to come up to wo you at thc Michuud's in another ten days orso. No« that thc doctor has 1 ¡iU ii lo feeding mc up I can feel Huit I am gaining strength every day." " Vou niir^t not hurry, Cuthbert," slit said, graioly. " You inuat keep quiet und patient." " You are not in your nursing dress now, Miss Brainier, ¡ind 1 decline altogether to bi lectured hy you. I have been very good anti obedient np to uo-.v, but I only how lo law fullv constituted iiuihority, and now I come nniLr the head of convalescent I intend to ciiiMleipilte myself." I 14 i -.hull not conic down here to see you unless I lie.ir ^uod uccoiints nf your conduct," she said, witli'iin atuilipt to speak playfully. '. Well, good-bye, Cuthbert. I hope you « ill not try to rio too much." "t.ood-bye, dear, thanks for all your good ness tn ino," he said, earnestly, tis he held het hand for a moment in hin. " He had no right to call inc.dear,''Mary thought, almost indignantly, u*i she left thc hospital, " and he dees not gue-s I know why he is longing to bc out ugaiu. 1 almost wonder he has never spoken to mc about ber. He would know very well that I should be interested in anything thaï concerns him, und II think he might have told me. I suppose Ile will bring her up some day and introduce her us his wile. Auyhou' I am glad I know about it, and shall bc able to lake it as a matter ot course." Mary did not pay another visit to thc am- bulance. Kow that she had given up her work she felt the re-tct-ion, aud although she rel used to take toller bcd she passed her time sining listless and weak in an easy chair pay- ing hut slight attention to Madame Michaud':! talk, aud often passiug thc greater part of thc day in her own room. Madame Michaud (cit so uneasy about lier that she went down to the ambulance and brought up Or. Swinburne, who scolded Mary for not having sent fur him before, lie pre- scribed tonics, sent her up a dozen of wine from thc hospital, ordered ber to wrap herself up and sit al an open window for a time each day, and to make au effort tn take a turu round the gardeu as soon as she felt strong enough to do so. On his return to thc ambulance thc surgeon 6uid carelessly to Cuthbert, who had now gained sufficient strength to be of considerable use as an aa-dulant- in the ward " 1 have been up to Bee your late nurse, Miss Brander. There is nothing Bcrious thc matter with her, but, us I thought likely would be the case, she has collapsed now that her work is over, and will need a good deal of care and attention lo build her up again. You will be out in a few days now aud I am sure it will do her good if you will go up and have ii chat with her and cheer ber up a bit. She is not iu bed. My visit did her good ; but she wunls rousing, and remember if you can get her to laugh, aud joke her about her laziness, it will do more good than by expressing your pity for her." " I think 1 am well enough to be discharged uow, doctor," Cuthbert said, eagerly. .' YTes, but you will have to bc very careful for some time. You will want generous food und I don't see how you arc to get it outside." " I suppose the restaurants are still open Î" "The common ones are closed, but you eau still get a dinner at. some of tho best places, although you will have to pay very heavily for it.' " 1 don't mimi that, doctor ; and besides I am very anxious to beat work again. It will be no more tiring standing at au easel tlían it is doing what I can to help herc." "That is true enough, providing that you do not do too much of it. Up to a certain extent it will be a good thing for you, but mind I distinctly forbid you to attempt any such folly us to try lo walk from the Quartier Latiu up to Passy. Let nie see," he added, thoughtfully. " Yes, I think it can be managed. I will scud you home by thc umbulancc that will bc herc to-morrow morn- ing at eight o'clock. You are to keep yourself quiet all day, und I will get Madame dc Milleñcurs to s^nd her carriage round for you at eleven o'clock next day, to take you round by Passy. She has told me many times that it is always at the dispotal of any of my patients to whom it would bc useful. I will sec her some time ta-tnorrow and arrange about it." " Thank you, indeed, doctor. I need not say how grateful I am to you for all the kind- ness 1 have received here." " We have done thc best we could for you," the doctor said, " and I am sure there is not one of those who have provided funds for this ambulance but feels well awarded by thc knowledge that it has been thc means of saving many lives. I think wc may say that we tiuvc not lost one whom it was humanly possible to save, while in thc French hospitals they huvc lost, hundreds from over- crowding, want of ventilation, and proper sanitary arrangements. The mortulity there has been fearful und the percentage of deaths after amputations positively disgraceful." Pené came late that afternoon to pay a visit tn Cuthbert, aud was delighted to find that he MHB lo bc oui next morning. " 1 have kepi your rooms in order," he said, "and will have u big lire lighted in them before you arrive. They will give you break- fast before you leave, I hope." "They » ill do that, René, but I shall manage very well if there is still anything left of thal store of miue in thc big cupboard." " You may be sure that there is," Rene replied. " I am always most particular in locking up the doors when I come away and I have not ui-ed the key you gave me of the cupboard. I was positively afraid to. I um virtuous I hope, but lhere arc limits to one's power lo resist temptation. I know you told mc tn luke anything 1 liked but if I had once begun 1 could uover have stopped." "Then we will have a feast to-morrow, llené. Ask all the others in to supper, but you must act us cook. Tell them not to conic to see me till eight o'clock. If they kept droppiug in «ll day it would bc loo much for mc. I wish Danipierre could bc with us, but he has not got on so fast as I have. Hts wounds were never so serious, but the doctor said thc hones were badly smashed and would take longer to beul. He said he is not a good patient either, but worries and fidgets. I don't think those visits of Minette were good for him, the doctor hud to put a »top to them. He would talk and excite himself so. How- ever, I hear thal he is likely to bc out in another fortnight." " Hy that time it wi 1 be all over," Rem said, "negotiations are going on now and they say that in three or four days wc shall surrender." "Thc bes! thing to do, René, liver since that lost roi-tic failed all hope has been at an : cud and lhere bas been uo point in goiug on tullel in", f.ir I supposr by this time thc suffer- ing has been very severe." ' " Not so very severe, Cuthbert. Of course, wc have been out of meat for a long time, for thc ration is so small it is scarcely worth 1 calling meat, but the flour held out well and ? so did the wine and mast other things. A ' few hundred have been killed by the Prussia* shells, but with lliBt exception the mortality ? has not been very greatly above the average, : except that smallpox has been raging and lia! carried off a Urge number. Among youu| children, too, tho mortality bas been beav; owing lo thc want of milk and things of Ilia sort,! should doubt if there has been a singh death but from absolute starvation." To M. Gouda's students that supper ai Cuthbert Harrington's was a meinorabli event. The master himself was there. Twi largo hains, and dishes prepared fran preserved meats were on thc table, togethel with au abundance of good wine, lt wa* tin first re union they had hud since thc one before thc sortie, and it was only thc gap: among their ni mber, and thu fact that theil liost and several of their comrades were still weak, and greatly changed in appearance, that restrained their spirits from bruakinij into hilarity. Tho next morning Madame de Millcficurs, carriage caine to the door and Cuthbert wat driven to thc Michauds. For a moment Margot failed to recognise Cuthbert as she opened the door. As she did so she ex- claimed - " Mon Dieu , Monsieur Hartington, you look like a ghost !" "1 am very far from being u ghost. Margot, though there is not much flesh on my bones. How is Mademoiselle Hrandcr? I bear she has not been well." " .She is as pale as you arc, monsieur, but not so thin. She does nothing bul sits quiet all day with her eyes wide open-she who wan alwayB so bright aud active and had a smile for every one. I go out und cry often lifter going into her room. Shu has just gone into the parlour. You will lind her alone there," she added, for Margot had always had her ideas aB to thc cause of Culhbcrt's visits. Mary was silting aL thu open window and did not look round as Cuthbert entered. " Well, Mary, is it actually you, doing liol bing !" he said, cheerily. She turned round with u start, u flush of colour swept across her face. " How you startled me," she said. " I am glad indeed to see you. I did not think you would be out so goon. Surely it is very foolish of you coming so far." " Still thinking you are a uurse. Mary," he laughed. '* I can assure you 1 um very prudent, und I have been brought up herc in a carriage-a carriugc with live horses. Ur. Swinburne lold me you had not got over thc effects of your hard work, and that he had to order you lo take tonics, so you see instead of being a nurse you are a patient at pres. ul, while I am a free man. I came out of Ihc hospital yesterday morning, and wc bad a grand supper last night out of my hoards, which i found just as I had left thurn, which says wonders for thc honesty of thc Parisians in general, and for thu self-denial of my friend Kent} Caiilard iu particular." " Why, I should have thought-" and she slopped, abruptly. " What wculd you have thought, Mies Brander!" "¡Oh, nothing." " No, no, I cannot be put off in that way. You were going to say thut you thought I should It'tvc distributed my stores long ago, or that 1 ought to have sent for them for thu j use of thc hospital. 1 really ought to luve done so. Il would have been only fair, but in fact th: idea never occurred to me. R ni! had the keys of my rooms and I told him to use thc stores as he liked, meaning for himself and for our comrades of the Btudio." " 1 should have thought," she began aeain, and then, aB before, hesitated, and thou asked, abruptly, " Have you not something to tell me, Cuthbert-something that un old friend would tell to another. 1 have been cxpecliug you to tell me all the time you wert- in thc hospital, and have felt hurt you did uot." Cuthbert look at her in surprise. There was a slight Hush on her cheek and it was evident that she was deeply in earnest. " Tell you something, Mary," he repeated. "I really don't know what you mean- no, honestly, I have not a notion." " I don't wish to pry into your secret«," she said, coldly. "I learned them acciduutly, but as you don't wish to take mc imo your confidence we will say no more about it." " But we must say more about it," he re- plied. " I repeat I have no idea of what you arc talking about. I have no secret whatever on my mind. By your manner it must be something serious, and I ihiuk I have a right to know what it is." She was silent for a moment and then said "If you wish it I can have no possible objection to tell you. I will finish thc ques- tion I began twice. I should have thought that you would have wished that your stores should bc sent to the lady you are engaged to." Cuthbert looked at her in silent surprise. " My dear Mary," he said, gravely, at last, "cither you are dreaming or I am. I under- stood that your reply to my question, thc year before last, was as definite and as ab- solute a refusal us a man could receive. Curtuiuly I have not from thal moment had any reason to entertain a moment's doubt that you yourself intended it us a rejection. " "What arc you tulking about?" she asked, rising lo her feet with an energy of which a few minutes before she would have deemed herself altogether incapable. "Are you pretending that 1 am alluding to myself, are you insulting inc by suggesting that I meau that I am eugaged to you ?" "All I say is, Mary, that if you do not meau that, I have not thc most remote idea in thc world what you do meau." " You say that because you think it is impossible I should know," Mary retorted, indignantly, " but you arc mistaken. 1 have hud it from her own lips." " That she was engaged to ino ?" "She came to thc hospital to sec you the night you were brought iu, aud she claimed admittance on the ground that she was affianced to you. " Culhbcrt's surprise changed to alarm as it flashed across bim thal thc heavy work aud strain had been too much for the girl, and that her brain had given way. " I think that there must bc some mistake, Mary," he said, soothingly. "There is no mistake," she wcut on, still more indignantly, "she came with your friend, Ucn6, and I knew ber before she spoke, for 1 had seen her face in a score of places in your sketch book and you told me shu was a model in your studio. It is no business,of mine, Mr. Hartington, whom you arc going to marry. I can understand, perhaps, your w ish that thc matter should remain for u time secret, but I did not Ihiuk when I told you thut 1 knew it, you would have kept up thc affectation of iguoruuee. I have always regarded you as being truthful and honourable beyond all things, and I am bitterly disappointed. 1 was burt that you should not have given your confidence to me, bul I did think when I told you that I know your secret you would have manfully owned it, and not descended to a pretence of ignorance. " For a moment Cuthbert'sfacc had expressed bewilderment, but as she went on speaking, a Btnile stoic across his face. Mary noticed it and her voice ami oi tnucr changed. " I !'.'' Mr. Hartington," she said, with great :!->nity, "you must see that, it will bc pleasanter for us both that this interview shall terminate. " He rose from his seat, took his hat off thc table, and said, quietly " I have but one observation to make before I go. You have discovered, Miss Brander, that you made ono mistake in your lifo. Has it never struck you that you might also have made u mistake this time? 1 think that our very laug acquaintance might have iuduccd you to hesitate a little before you assumed it as a certainty I bat your old acquaintance was acting in this wuy, and that for thc sake of old times you might have given him thc benefit of thc doubt." Um strength that Mary's indignation had given her, deserted her suddenly. Her fingers tightened on thc back of thc chair by her side for support. " How could there bo any mistake," she asked, weakly, her vigorous attack now turned I into a defence, more by his manner than Ilia . words, " when I heard her say so ?'' i "Sit down, child," he said, in his old > authorilivc manner. "You arc not fit tc , stand." i Shu felt it would bc a step owards defeat ii tho did so, but he brought up tile chair in which she had before been sitting and placed it behind her, and quietly assisted her into it. " Now," he went, on " you say you heard it ' from lier lips. What did she say !" " .She said she Insisted on going in to sec you, and that os your affianced wife she bad a right to doso." "Sha said that, did she! That she was the uffiunccd wife of Cuthbert Hartington ?" Mary thought far a moment. " No, she did not U6e those words, at least, not that I can remember ; hut it was not necessary, I knew who she was. I have seen thc sketches in your book, and there wore several of them on thc walls of your roam. Of course I knew who she was speaking of, though she did not, so fur as I can remember, use you uame." "Did it never occur to you, Miss Brander, that it was a natural thing one should have many sketches of the girl who always stood as a model in the studio, mid that every student there would have his sketch book full of them? Did you not know that there were three or four other wounded mea o.c the same corps us myself iu thc hospital, thuL one at least was a fcllow sluileul of mine, and also u foreigner, and that this young wonna wa* just as likely to bc asking to sec him as to see mc?" An uwful feeling of doubt and shaine came with overpowering force over Mary Uraudcr. " No," she said, desperately, " I uever thought of such a thing. Naturally 1 thought it was you, und there was un reason why it shouldn't be. Yon were j.irfeclly free lo please yourself, only I felt hui t that when you got better you did not tell nie.'' Ker voice was so weak that I'ntlibert poured [ some water into a glass and held it >o her lips. " Now, child," he went cu in a lighter voice, "I am not going to scold you- you are loo weak to be scolded. Some day I may scold you as you deserve. Not only is Minette-I told you her name before-nothing to me, hut I dislike her nf a passionate, dangerous young woman : capable perhups, of good, but certainly capable of evil. How- ever, I regret to say that Arnold Dampicrrc, the man who was in thc next bed to me, you know, docs nut see her in the same light and I am very much afraid he will be fool enough to marry lier. Actually she did a few days later obtain permission to see him, and has, I believe, seen him several times since ; but as he wuB moved otu of your wurd whilst I was battliug with tho fever, I have not seen her. Now don't cry, child, you have been a goose but there is no harm done, and you ought to lie glad lo know that your old friend is not going to make a fool of himself ; and he can still bc regarded by you us truthful aud hon- ourable. Do you think I would have taken you round to my rooms if I had been going to make her their mistress ?" " Don't, don't I" thc girl cried. " Don't say anything more, Cuthbert. I cannot bear it." " I mn nol going to say tiny more. Madame de Millefleurs' horses must by this time be half-frozen and lier coachman be out of all patience, and I must be going. I shall come again as soon as I can, and I shall bc very j angry if I don't find you looking much inore i like yourself when I next come. I (To be continuai.) j 