VICTORIA. MELBOWRNE, SuDrAY. SON LIBERATED. John Stanway, late a clerk in the firm of Moss, Rosenfeld and) Co., who was sent to gaol on July 13 for three months, and fined £50 for conspiring to defraud the Customs, has been released from gaol on the ground of ill-health, and on payment of the fine. DARING ROBBERY. A peculiar theft was reported on Saturday. Measrs. Pleaesance and Graham, the well known auctioneers, were holding sales in their mart, when a thief stole the cash box containing a number of cheques. OcrcKETER' TESTIMONIA,. The total amount subscribed to the testi monial to Mr. Harry Boyle, the cricketer, now in Brisbane, amounts to £200. HnoEWARD BOUND. The Esty-Marsh Concert Company leave for London by the R.M.S. Orizaba, proceed ing to Adelaide to-morrow. THE SUBUoRAN GHOST. Constable Conroy, of Richmond, reports having given chase to an apparition resem bling the suburban ghost, which eluded him. ARREST OF A CLERK. Blair M'Ferran, a ledger-keeper in the employ of Meesrs. Sands and M'Dougall, printers and publishers, on Friday disap peared, and was not again seen until arrested thls morning. At 11 o'clock on Friday morning M'Ferran was sent with a cheque of the firm's own drawing for the sum of £498 10s ld to get that amount in cash from the Bank of New South Wales. He pre sented the cheque, and received for it the cash, consisting of £15 in £5-notes, £278 in £1-notes, £120 in half-sovereigns, and the balance in silver. After receiving the money he returned to the firm's office, and there went into a private room, apparently to count the cash as was customary. He was not afterwards seen. MR. PURnES AGAIN. At Caulfield races yesterday Mr. Purves, Q.C., was the principal in another scene. Mr. Frank Stephen, solicitor, son of the late City Solicitor, and brother-in-law to the Chief Justice, Sir John Madden, said " Good day" to Mr. Purves, when the latter made an irritating reply, and the two men shaped up and struck at each other, friends separa ting them. The reason of the unpleasantness is understood to be on account of Mr. Stephen working for Dr. O'Hara in conneo tion with the recent Melbourne Hospital elections. ALLEGED CONSPIRACY. A criminal summons was issued yesterday, returnable on August 27, against Henry Edward Hodgkinson, William Field Barrett, John Ledham, Patrick M'Carthy, and Syd ney Isaacs. They are charged with con spiracy to cheat and defraud one Michael O'Grady of a sum of money. 