2 OTAGO AND THE SOUTH. New Zealand! What visions of loveli ness and grandeur are conjured up, as with his round ticket and moderate sum for incidental expenses in his pocket, the tired Victorian sets foot on the deck of the graceful Rotomahana, or some other of the splendid vessals of the Union line. Behind him for a time the hot Australian summer and the cares and worries of business. Ahead the invigorating breezes of the Tasman Sea, visions of glacier and fiord, of wonuerful gorges and mountain torrents, boiling cauldrons of mud and of water, beautiful lakes, and snow capped volcanoes, land of lovely flora, and quaint fauna, land of a thousand wonders, unequalled through out the wide world. After a pleasant voyage across the Tas- man Sea we make the New Zealand coast and steam up to the Bluff, the southern most part of the colony. The passenger has time to run up to Invercargill, and from this point can branch off to the lakes. The majority of the passengers, however, go on by the steamer to Dunedin. Leaving the Bluff in the evening, an cosy run of some 12 hours brings our vessel to the entrance of the Otago Harbor, and steaming up it slowly in the early morning, past bay and promontory; a series of beauti ful and ever changing views is presented to our delighted gaze. Bold rocky bluffs guard the entrance. .On our left the Taiaroa Heads lighthouse, stands out pro minently, and a little further on, nestling on the grean hillsides may be seen the humble tenements of the Maori Kaik. The South Island Maories have gradually decreased in numbers, and the population of the kaik is not large. The present chief, Mr. G. Taiaroa is a member of the Upper House, and a fine specimen of the race. The natives here have always been friendly to the white race, and the monument on the grave of old Taiaroa, the chief of the Ngaitahu tribe who ruled in the early days of the European settlement, records the fact of his attachment to her Majesty's people. On the right the hills rise more boldly, and ahead the view is blocked by the two beautiful islands opposite Port Chalmers. Port Chalmers is the port of Dunedin, and here all the larger vessels are berthed. The dredging operations and other works carried out by the Otago Harbor Board have resulted in the forma tion of a good channel right up to Dunedin, and our ship steams on between the islands, the gateway to Dunedin. On the left, perched high up near the summit of one of the hills on the Peninsular, "The Camp," or Larnach's Castle, the residence of Mr. W. J. M. Larnach, M.L.C., com mands a magnificent view of hill and ocean. The beautiful greens of the pastures on either side of the harbor call forth admir ing comments from the Australian passengers on board, and almost before they have time to realise it, they are at the end of their journey. Rising from the level land near the harbor shores, and climbing the wooded heights beyond, with a hill 2000 feet high for a background, stands fair Dunedin — the new Edinburgh. Round the wood fringed shores of the gently shelving bay, whore now is centred the commerce of Otago, in olden time the giant moa stalked, and the Maories of the different hapus fought and fished. The moa has long since departed, and the Maori, sad, to say, is fast following him into the great unknown. The children of the white race may now be seen clustering wonderingly round the moa skeletons in the museum, and no doubt the time will come— though it is, let us hope, yet far distant— when the skeleton of a Maori will be all that is left of a noble race, that will be unknown, save in history, to the chil dren of a future generation. Dunedin was "originally a Scotch settle ment, and the pioneors who landed in 1848 with Captain Cargill and the Rev. Mr. Burns were men and women of indomitable pluck and perserverance. In the 42 years that have elapsed since the founding .of. the. settlement, when there was a population of only some 400 odd, the town of Dunedin has grown into the leading commercial and manufacturing city of the colony. The fathers of the settlement made wise provision for educational facilities, and liberal endowments were early set apart for churches and schools. The University buildings in Leith street and the Boys' High school in acommanding position in Arthur and London streets are really fine buildings, while the First church, Knox church and the Roman Catholic cathedral are speci mens of architecture that would grace any Australian town. Landing at the Dunedin Railway Station after an hour's train journey from Port Chalmers, or walking up Rattray-street from the Dunedin wharves after his sail up the harbor, the visitor will be struck with the fine buildings in the business centre of the town. Directly in front and overlooking a very pretty reserve planted with native trees and shrubs are some of the principal warehouses of the city, notice able amongst which is the fine build ing occupied by Messrs. Sargood, Son and Ewen.- The triangle at the junction of High and Princes streets is surrounded by substantial buildings,many of which are of considerable architectural merit. Here stands the Cargill monument, erected in memory of the late Captain Cargill, the founder of the province. It is a beautiful piece of architecture in the English-Gothic style, and is certainly an ornament to this part of the city. Opposite, at the corner of Princes and Rattray stands the fine building occupied by the Bank of New Zealand— a tasteful and classic structure— and round about in close proximity may be noted the Grand Hotel, the New Zealand Insurance Company's building, the Colonial Bank of New Zealand and other pretentious erections. The Colonial Bank occupies a splendid site in the heart of the city, and the building is one of the handsomest in Dunedin. It is classic in design; and was built in the boom of the gold digging days by the Government to serve the purposes of a central post office. The instructions to the architect were to design the building after the style of St. Martin's-le-Grand. Owing to some dispute between the General Government and the Provincial Govern ment the latter did not take possession, and built another building for postal purposes, with the result that the building intended for the post office was handed over to the university Council, who eventually sold it to the Colonial Bank. The Hospital, situated in King-street, is another striking building. It is Italian in style, built originally for a market, for which it was utterly unsuited — it was never used as such, and the first use to which it was put was for the Dunedin Exhibition in 1865. The public buildings generally are not of elaborate architecture or pretentious design, the utilitarian motive having evidently been kept largely in view. Ex ception must, however, be made with re gard to tho Town Hall, which is a fine building, beautifully situated in the octagon in the centre of the city. Mention must also be made of the Museum, which, originally instituted under the management of Dr. (now Sir James) Hector, and latterly carried un by Profes- sor Parker, F.R.S., is for orderly and scientific arrangement of the zoological and other exhibits and in other respects a model institution. The headquarters of the Union Steam Ship Company of New Zealand are situated in Dunedin, and the company occupies a fine building, with frontages to Water, Vogel and Cumberland streets. There, under the able direction of Mr. James Mills, the managing director and a large shareholder, is planned the working of the company's now very extensive business, and the movements of its fine fleet of some 50 odd steamers. The history of this com- pany has been for the most part a record of successes from the date of its inception in July, 1875, down, to the present day. In so far as the colony of Now Zealand is concerned it may be regarded as of national importance, for it is gradually extending its trade into out of the way corners of the world, and, under a capable board of directors, at whoso head is Mr. Geo. M'Lean, it is likely to continue its prosperous career for many years to come. Of the 51 vessels which the company keep in pretty constant employment, 7 are vessels exceeding 2000 tons gross tonnage, and of the others, 17 are 1000 tons and upwards. The pas senger arrangements in these steamers are all of the most modern kind, and nothing has been spared to make travel by sea easy and comfortable. While the newer, boats are fitted with all the luxuries that the skill of the shipbuilder has made possible, many of the older boats of the fleet have been modernised by the introduction of improved machinery, elec tric lights and other arrangements which add to the pleasure of a voyage. The intercolonial passenger trade be- tween New Zealand and Australia is main tained by a fleet of 10 steamers, providing a weekly service between the east coast ports of New Zealand and Melbourne, a similar service between the east coast ports and Sydney, and an additional weekly service between the east coast ports of the South Island ( via Wellington and Cook Straits) and Sydney. The other ser- vices undertaken and successfully carried out by this company are the intercolonial service between Australia and Tasmania; the intercolonial trade between New Zea-_ land, Australia and South Sea Islands; the New Zealand general trade ; the cargo trade between New Zealand and Calcutta, and last but not least, the San Francisco mail service, which is fast becoming a popular line of route to the old world. Not the least valuable of its attractions is the privilege which those who travel by it enjoy of using the Union Company's Inter- colonial and South Sea Island services in conjunction with the mail steamers. They are permitted to proceed in advance by any of the company's steamers, joining the mail boat at any port en route, or they can leave the mail steamer and complete their voyage at pleasure by the company's ordi nary services. The South Sea Island services of the company are growing in importance each year, and travellers by means of these enjoy opportunities of visiting the beauti ful and interesting groups ot the South Pacific that were undreamed of a few years ago. The services of the company on the New Zealand coast are too numerous and frequent to particularise. Coming back to the scenic attractions of Dunedin, it may safely be said that there is no city in New Zealand so abundantly dowered with beautiful walks and drives. On the heights above the city a wide belt of wooded land 500 acres in extent has been reserved, and leading through the native trees and shrubbery there are in- numerable winding paths from which ex- quisite peeps of the city below are obtained. Climbing the heights above the, town in the direction of the hill suburbs of Roslyn or Mornington, the visitor cannot but be struck with the exquisite panorama that lies unfolded below. Church spires and towers rise from out the piles of buildings at his feet ; then, comes the harbor, hacked by the peninsula, stretching away towards the harbor entrance, and beyond, the long sweep of the Pacific ocean. Behind the Roslyn heights, across the Kaikorai valley, are the still grenter heights of Mt. Flag staff, and northward and eastward rise the bolder slopes of Mt. Cargill and Signal Hill. The " forest primeval " that clothed the site and surroundings of Dunedin is, of course, now a thing of the past, but up the Leith Valley and in places on the slopes of Mount Cargili some fine forest pines are yet to be seen. In every glade is a wealth of beautiful, ferns, while here and there giant tree ferns rear their graceful fronds beneath the tall pine branches. Most of the curious birds, such as the wingless weka, the kaka and the orange wattle crow have long since been exterminated from the bush about Dunedin, but the bell bird and tui still make the welkin ring with their clear, harmonious melodies. Of the many lovely drives that can be taken in the vicinity of Dunedin none can surpass the one to Waitati, or Blueskin, proceeding by way of the Leith Valley-road and returning by the old coach road through the suburb of North-east Valley. Charming glimpses of stream and woodland meet the sightseer at evory turn as he proceeds up the Leith Valley, and from the highest point of the road a grand panoramic view extending coast wards and oceanwards across Blueskin Bay is obtain able ; while on the return journey enchant ing views of the harbor in the direction of Port Chalmers and Portobollo charm the eye. Another favorite drive is down the Peninsula to Portobollo and the Maori Kaik. Below, on the left, the calm waters of the harbor, often reflecting the adjacent hills, divide the attention - with the fine sweep of headland and ocean on the right. In front lies the city of Dunedin— a charm ing prospect. The visitor to Dunedin can spend a very enjoyable fortnight exploring the many beautiful walks and drives in its vicinity. One of the finest of these excursions is the drive down the Peninsula to Portobollo and the Maori Kaik. Hiring a waggonette and a couple of good horses from Taggart's Criterion stables, we proceed leisurely along the high road, drinking in the beauties of the ever changing scene. Now the road winds between the rich upland pastures, anon we swing round a sharp curve and plunge into clumps of native bush where graceful tree ferns rub shoulders with the tall pines, and the white starred clematis peeps out here and there amongst the greenery. Down below is on the left the harbor with its' winding bays and promontories stretches for miles, and on the right are the billows of the Pacific rolling shoreward. We vary the return journey by taking the lower road, which, for some 14 miles, skirts the waters of the bay. Between times, on off days, the visitor can explore the streams and waterfalls of the Leith Valley. The walk to the reservoir and the Nichol's Creek Water falls can be easily made in one day, though if the visitor be botanically inclined he can spend days and days in the valley of the Leith. Altogether over 400 species of indigenous, and about 120 species of introduced, flowering plants occur in the neighborhood of Dunedin. Mr. G. M. Thomson, F.L.S., an enthusiastic New Zealnnd botanist, writing on the plant life to be found on the slopes around Dunedin, says :- "The scrub, though occasionally touched up by blazes of yellow broom, and whitened by older bushes, retains on the whole its primitive character. The trees appear somewhat sombre in general aspect, but their darker olive green is relieved by the bright lines of the white mapau and the glossy foliage of broadleaf, black mapau and panax. In spring, glorious festoons of white clematis abound, and later, the caprodetus, so named from its ring bound fruit, comes out a mass of fine, whitish fragrant flowers. Over the slopes of Maori Hill the pretty houhere is found, a graceful little dark foliaged tree, with wliite star like blossoms often produced in great profusion. In December the white flowered parsonsia, a common climber at the edge of the bush, trails its panicles of little waxen bells over many a less ornamental but friendly support. Nor must we forget the vivid display made by the manuka in bloom, while one of the most characteristic objects to be seen in the Town Belt, especially in the wooded portions, is the fine display of the very handsome flax like Astelias." These are some of the more common plants to be met with in an afternoon's ramble. Amongst the hundreds of others— some of which take considerable looking for—are rare varieties of orchids, and a peculiar senecio—the only climbing senecio known. Again, of one of the woodland slopes on Mount Flagstaff, Mr. Thomson writes :—"What a profusion of growth is here. The stones and the tree trunks are covered with delicate mosses and liver worts ; here is the pretty little bright green nertera-with its crimson, coral like drupes. On the spray sprinkled rocks are mats of the white flowered wood sorrel (oxalis magellanica), interspersed with the singular little Corysanthes. These are remarkable orchids, each plant has only one kidney shaped leaf, and bears in early spring a single purple flower, the long tailed sepals and petals of which give it the appearance of a gigantic spider sitting in wait for its prey. We do not know how it is fertilised, bnt often when a flower is opened an unfortunate little fly is found inside, glued by its head to the sticky gland of the column." Having exhausted the walks and drives in and around Dunedin, let us lake a turn further afield. It is a beautiful summer's morning, and as Mr. Taggart whips up his four-in-hand and swings round into Princes-street from the Grand Hotel entrance, our spirits rise in expectation of a pleasant outing. Leaving the town behind us, we pass on our left the suburbs of South Dunedin and St. Kilda, with the Ocean Beach and St. Clair, a beautiful watering place easily accessible by tramway to the townspeople. Then, passing through the suburb of Camersham, and climbing the hill beyond, we look down into the Kaikorai Valley, the locale of several important manufacturing industries. Some distance up the valley are the woollen mills of Messrs. Ross and Glendinning, and just below us the Dunedin Freezing Works and the chemical works of the New Zealand Drug Company. A little further on we pass on our right the iron and steel works, started some years ago by two enterprising Scotchmen, but now fallen into other hands. A good rood takes us through the township of Green Island, and slowly climbing the Saddle Hill road we pass on our left the Walton Park coal mines. At the top of the "saddle" we get a glorious view of the upper portion of the Taieri Plain studded with farm steadings and cluinps of blue gum trees that here grow in greater luxuriance than in their native soil. The Taieri Plain is one of the most fertile agricultural and pastoral districts in the colony, and Aus tralians would hardly believe me were I to give them some statistics of the pheno menal yields of wheat, oats, potatoes, &c.; , that are grown here. Our illustration shows how thickly the wheat stooks stud the stubble. Descending to the plain we come upon the flourishing township of Mos- giel, and while here take a run through the celebrated Mosgiel Woollen Factory. From small beginnings, the factory has grown to a very large concern, and all connected with the company are justly proud of the quality of the goods turned out. Per mission to look through the factory can be obtained from the chairman of the com- pany, Mr. John Roberts, C.M.G., or Mr. Morrison, the manager in Dunedin ; and Mr. Dryden, the courteous factory manager, is always delighted to show strangers the capabilities of the factory. While we are in this locality we may as well drive on some miles to the Waironga mineral springs at North Taieri. These springs, which have Iain almost unnoticed for years, have recently been brought into prominence through the discovery of very considerable curative properties in their waters, public attention having first been directed to them in this connection by Dr. Gordon MacDonald. The springs are aIso easily accessible by rail, or the visitor may also enjoy a very pleasant drive from Dunedin by way of the Halfway Bush- road. The springs are in a gully some five or six hundred yards from the Taioma railway station, on the Otago Central line. The main spring bubbles up from between two conglomerate rocks in a gully amongst the hills, the water being beautifully clear. Below is a swamp where there are other springs.—The view over the plain is a most comprehensive one. Standing on Wai ronga hill, overlooking the springs, as far as the eye can see, is splendid panorama of mountain and plain. Saddle Hill, one of Captain Cook's old landmarks, is a promi nent feature in the landscape on the sea ward side, while westward rises Maun- gatua—the mountain of the Maori God— and in the distance Lakes Waihora and Waipori. Northward the undulating hills rise gradually till they culminate in the summits of the Silver Peaks. In the vicinity of the springs, the typical New Zealand vegeration will interest the stranger. Ti-tree, flax and fern grow in profusion, and will no doubt be carefully preserved now that the value of the locality as a sanatorium is recognised. On the adjacent hills we explore the haunt of the Wild Hawk, and coming apon a nest with three young ones in it, our artist gets his camera into action, with the result that the youngsters quickly have their portraits taken to grace the pages of The Leader. Our artist is quite pleased with himself over this stroke of good fortune, especially as the only negatives of hawks in a nest that he has previously seen are from- stuffed ones. From the belligerent attitnde assumed by those wild youngsters there can he no doubt that they are not stuffed; but, judging from the width to which they open their months, they are quite prepared to be stuffed should any savory morsel be brought their way. If a visitor has the time he can make an extension of this trip by proceeding up the Otago Central Railway through the Taieri River Gorge. The Scenery Here is wild in the extrome, the 'river rushing' for miles over a rocky bed between high, precipitous cliffs. A feature of this railway is the splendid Wingatui Viaduct, which, as a piece of engineering work, is unique in New Zealand, if not in the whole of the colonies. Our illustration is from a capital negative by Messrs. Burton Bros. Many other charming exclusions may be made from Dunedin. Brighton, Henley, Taieri Mouth, Waihola, Port Molyneux and The Nuggets Lighthouse, Catlins River, with its great forests and lovely river and lake scenery ; Moeraki, with its fine sea beach and the curious great round boulders that are somewhat of puzzle to geologists, migh each claim columns of interesting descrip tion, but space will not permit of this, and besides, we have bigger fish to fry. The weird and unearthly noises of the Tarawera's siren are echoing from the hills around. Port Chalmers passengers, in holiday attire, are crowding the decks, and almost before we have time to realise it, with flags flying and cannon firing, we are steaming swiftly down the harbor on the way to THE FAR FAMED WEST COAST SOUNDS. To the jaded Australian, worn out and fevered by the heat and dust of Melbourne or Sydney, the word "Sounds" calls up a delicious vision of cool verdure, rushing waters and ice crowned mountains. A short sea trip brings the tourist to the first—Preservation Inlet, that lies silent and calm, girdled by its great mountains. Here and there are lovely verdant islands, lying in the unfathomable waters. On either hand—as the steamer passes up the Sound—rise huge mountains from the very edge of the water. In Cuttle Cove the steamer finds anchorage for the night, and the silence is broken by sounds of revelry, for a concert is arranged and carried out by crew and passengers. A skilled pianiste and a trained quartet of singers help to make this and succeeding concerts an assured success. The next day is filled up with sketching, exploring, picnicking and fishing. Plenty of fish is to be got here With the expenditure of very little patience. The tourist—on shore—finds himself in a faifyland of ferns and mosses. In the evening a concert and dance round off a very delightful day. Dusky Sound is the next point of interest. In 1773 this Sound was explored by Captain Cook, and the haven is pointed out where Vancouver's ship was anchored. Passing through the great entrance, we find our selves in a maze of islands, richly wooded. On either hand are innumerable coves. Altogether Dusky Sound is very unlike Preservation Inlet, and one cannot see here the luxuriant vegetation or the mountains draped with verdure and crowned with snow. Beyond the rock walls, at some dis tance, rise great peaks. Here—in this gigantic solitude—Mr. Dochorty, a prospec tor, has lived since 1877. Leaving the Sound by Acheron Passage, we steam between Resolution Island and the mainland and anchor for the night in Wet Jacket Arm. The next morning we find ourselves in Smith Sound, whose scenery has more variety than the other two previously visited. At the head it stretches away in two arms, bordered by masses of rich foliage. The rata—glorious in its rich crimson—may be seen here in season, and beyond the still waters, with their emerald fringe of forest, rise wooded hills, and still further great mountains draped with glaciers. In the calm waters is seen the reflection of every leaf and twig. In George Sound there is a very fine water fall, fed by a lovely lake high up among the mountains, which an enterprising tourist can visit with little fatigue, the view richly repaying him for his trouble. In this sound is held the regatta in the morning. Specially built boats are carried for the Ladies' Race, a feature of intense interest in the regatta programme. At the ball—in the evening—the fortunate winners are presented with their prizes. Milford Sound, the most northerly and best known of all the sounds, has so narrow an entrance that at first it seems impossible to strike it. The steamer heads for what looks like a tiny fissure and steams through the narrow opening. On either side rise huge cliffs, perpendicular and precipitous, veiled here and there by the lace of water falls, some of which fall into the waters of the sound, while others spend their force far above in mist and spray. Although Milford Sound is small in comparison with the others, it is far grander and possesses more variety of scenery. In summer or autumn, when heavy rains have swollen the water falls and created thousands more, and the mist wreaths, twisting and curling about the cliffs, lie low, the magni ficence of the sound is overpowering. The ever changing beauty of the mist effects, now hiding, now revealing some fresh object of interest or loveliness, is fascinat ing. One the right rises Mitre Peak, 5560 feet ; on the left Mount Pembroke, 6710 feet. The glaciers of Pembroke stand out in fine relief against the dark rock masses, and waterfalls, silver threads in the dis tance, vein the cliffs. Our vessel seems a mere child's toy among the sombre vast- ness. The whistle is blown, and wonder ful effects are produced as it echoes and re-echoes among the mountains, dying away far up the heights. We soon reach the Stirling Fall, 500 feet in height. High though it is, it looks insignificant because of the hugeness of its environments. Hard by is the strangely shaped rock called the "Lion," and still further on come into view the Bowen Falls. Far up the moun tain side the mass of water may be seen shooting in graceful curve over the cliff. Seventy feet down it falls into a rock basin, from which it leaps far into the air and falls again to the foot of the mountain, 470 feet below. On the heights above, the dainty eidelweiss nestles in the rock hol lows, waiting for the hand of the adven turous climber. More common is the handsome ranunculus or mountain lily, and mosses and ferns grow around in luxu- riant profusion under the great beech trees. The Sutherland Falls, so named from Mr. Sutherland, who lives at Milford Sound, and who discovered them, can be reached from here, and the steamer waits two days to allow passengers to make this excursion. This waterfall is nearly 2000 feet high, and may be considered the highest in the world. No photograph can do it justice owing to its enormous height and to its being surrounded by dense forest. Along the route the scenery is beautiful, for here the river rushes along in a series of rapids, and there lies in quiet readies, with masses of foliage on either side, while to right and left rise the great mountains. Lake Ada —a few miles up—has the tree trunks of a submerged forest clotted about its surface. Here the tourist takes to the boats, and is rowed up the lake. He can admire at his leisure the lovely scenery on either side. There is a spot far from the world's uproar, Amid great mountains. Where softly sleeps a lake to whose still shore Steal silvery fountains. That hide beneath the leafy underwood, And blend their voices with the solilude. Thus quotes one who knows this beautiful lake well, and truly it is appropriate, for the hush and peaceful loveliness seem to put far away from the onlooker all thoughts of the petty and ignoble strife of the great world. At the head of the lake the river is entered, and after a row of a mile and a half, the tourist has to walk 5½ miles to the Beech Huts, where, after a short rest, he presses on to the falls, about a mile away, and 17 miles altogether from the sound. Born in the invisible glaciers far up the Arthur Aralley, it is seen issuing between two mountains, each 6000 feet high: It falls in three leaps over a precipice 1904 feet high, and descends into a huge rocky cauldron at the foot of the cliff. Its roar is terrific, and the rainbow effects are exquisite. In spring or summer, when the snows are melting, or when there has been heavy rain, the falls are at their best. The top of the water fall was twice reached by young man called Quill, who afterwards lost his life by falling over a precipice into the valley of the Cleddan while exploring for a new pass to the sound. Having made our excursion to the West Coast sounds let us now journey awhile in LAKELAND. Here, as in the Sounds, wo have infinite scenic variety. In the South we have what the New Zealanders term the Cold Lakes, stretching their long fiords in every direc tion amongst the giant mountain ranges that form the backbone of the Middle Island, and fed by strong rivers that have their sources in the never failing glaciers of the higher peaks. In the North, again, there are other lakes, known as the Hot Lakes—not that they are really hot, but be cause they are situated in a part of the country that is literally bubbling over with thermal energy and dominated, by mighty volcanic cones. There is contrast enough in all conscience, and endless variety to tempt the tourist to linger long in Lake- land. We shall not, however, now attempt any description of the northern lakes— they will be dealt with subsequently—but shall confine ourselves to a description of what can be seen in the way of lake scenery in the Middle Island of the colony. From a glance at the map we note that the Cold Lakes stretch in a northerly direction from Potoriteri, in the extreme south-west of the island, to Lakes Pukaki and Tekapo in the vicinity of Mount Cook, through some 200 miles of mountainous country. Leaving either Dunedin or Invercargill, a day's train journey brings us to Lumsden, whence we take coach for Manapouri and Te Anau. Manapouri is without doubt the most beautiful of all the New Zealand lakes, Te Anau may excel it in the mag nificence of its fiords, Wakatipu in the weird grandeur of its treeless mountains, while Wanaka may run it close in pic- turesquencss, but none of them has the exquisite charm that meets one at every turn along the pebbiy shores, the wooded slopes and the beautiful islands of Mana pouri. I shall never forget my first visit to Manapouri—Manawapouri, the lake or the sorrowing heart. It was a sad errand — a search expedition initiated by the Otago Daly Times news- paper in quest of Professor Main- waring Brown, of the Otago University, who was lost while attempting to make the pass between Manapouri and the West Coast Sounds. That was some years ago, before the lake was opened up to tourists, and as some account of the adventures we went through then may he of interest to readers of The Leader, I purpose giving a short sketch of the expedition. The boat in which we commenced our difficult journey was one of about 3 tons burden, and rather shingly built, besides which she had been allowed to lie in the sun till most of her seams had opened, and some of her timbers had actually cracked. The moment we launched her the water came rushing in at a great rate, so that we had quickly to haul her ashore again. Casting about us for something with which to stop the leaks, we found some refuse pitch intermingled with the pebbles on the shore of the lake, and with this, melted in an old nail can, and some strips of bagging, we proceeded to repair our frail craft. After a great deal of trouble we got her so far watertight that we could manage to keep her afloat with constant baling, and load ing her up with camp impedimenta, our party of six embarked and started for the head of the West Arm of Manapouri. Towering upoverhead on our right were the Cathedral Peaks, with the snow coming down their couloirs to the bush line, while far away to the north the sun was ennob ling the grander peaks of Te Anau with befitting tints, and working wonders with over changing fairy like cloud forms that would have drawn a chapter of word paint ing from William Black or Ruskin. Ahead were the beautiful islands of Manapouri— then almost unknown to colonial or globe trotter. One's thoughts wandered to the isles of tradition whence our forbears in days gone by had wandered— From the dim shloltng and the misty island, Mountains divide us, and a world of seas, But our hearts are true, our hearts are Highland, And we in dreams, behold the Hebrides. Fur with all its lovely grandour Mana pouri had yet a want— it lacked the halo of romance. True, there had been a bloody battle fought on the shores of Lake Te Anau between Northern and Southern Maori tribes, though of this we know but little. We rowed up to Rona, Pamona, and other beautifully wooded islands, past Hope Arm, South Arm and North Arm till we entered the long narrow waters of the West Arm, at the head of which we camped for the night, after 13 hours' hard work. Our camp was pitched on the edge of the bush and near the water's edge. The Spey River entered the lake a few yards further on, while overhead towered the gaunt mass of Leaning Peak, 4858 feet high. By the time the tent was pitched and everything straightened up for the night it was 11 o'clock. Birds seemed to be plentiful. The inquisitive wingless weka would every now and then startle us with his shrill whistle, as he strutted quite uuconcernedly in close proximity to our tent, while from the solitudes of the bush every now and then came the somewhat softer notes of the now rare kiwi, and anon the harsh grating cry of the kakapo. The kakapo is the vary antithesis of the tui in regard to melody. If you could have one man sharpening a saw near at hand, and two others some little distance off with their mouths full of hot potatoes crying " Fresh fish for sale ! " you would have a fairly good reproduction of the melodies occasionally produced by Mr. Kakapo. All these birds are nocturnal in their habits. The kakapo, which is a ground parrot, has wings, which he does not seem to use much, the weka has only a small spine in the place where the wings ought to grow, while the kiwi has no wings at all —truly a wonderful trio ! With heavy swags we started on next morning, following a "blazed" track that quickly led us into difficulties and the wrong direction. The bush here was fear- fully bad walking, for ferns and mosses, decayed fallen trees and dense undergrowth impeded our progress at every step, while in some places the ground was swampy, and we sank to the knees in the stagnant water and the black, sticky loam, which was intermingled with dead leaves and branches. Sometimes we would put a foot on what we imagined to he solid footing, when down we would go through a decayed log amongst the ferns and mosses, swag and all, only to pick ourselves up again and struggle onward, mayhap into still more treacherous ground. In some places we had literally to cut our way through the bush with the billhook and tomahawk. After a couple of hours' work of this kind we struck through the bush to the left in the endeavor to strike the Mica Burn a little above its continence with the Spey River, and this time we were successful, as after about an hour's work we climbed down over a low bank into a bit of fairly open ground covered with tutu, ferns and korumiko, right on to the camp where Professor Brown's party had slept on their first night out. The weather was fine, and by noon the thermometer had gone up to 80 deg. in the shade. The grandeur of the scenery from this point impressed everyone. Looking ahead over the tree tops we saw the Valley blocked in the distance by a magnificent snow dome, with a sharp peak rising from its rounded shoulders right into the clouds. It was just like the huge dome of some great eastern mosque gleaming in the sunlight. On either hand rose two fine, rocky mountains, standing sentinel like, to keep guard over this virgin peak. From its base the Mica Burn issued forth and wandered down with a rush and a roar over its rocky bed to meet and mingle with the quieter waters of the Spey Biver. The view was bounded on all sides by splendid snow capped mountains, up which the green woods climbed for 2000 or 3000 foot; and on, our left a grand waterfall, about 1000 feet high, came tumbling down over a gaunt, grim precipice, to add grandeur to the scene. So far we had noticed very few birds in the day time—only a stray kaka, an orange wattle crow and two or three wrens — but now we came upon several blue mountain ducks, with well grown young ones. They were quite tame and allowed us to get within a few yards of them, but we forebore to kill them, having quite enough to carry already. Higher up we had often to take to the stream and wade knee deep because of the impenetrable nature of the bush and the steepness of the bluffs that came right down to the valley. At length we reached the junction of the Disaster Burn and the Mica Burn, and as it had begun to rain and we were dripping wet we decided to camp for the night. We spread our blankets on the wet fern inside our 12 x 10 tent, and after drying our clothes at a roaring bush fire and par taking of a hearty supper we lay down for the night. We were on a narrow fork between the two streams, and our camp fire blazing between the beech trees had a most weird effect. As we lay down in the tent the call of the kiwi and the cry of the kakapo mingled with the everlasting roar of the mountain torrents on either hand, and at last, gradually mingling one into the other, sang us to sleep. Next morning we were up at 5 o'clock, and striking up the narrow gorge, down which flowed the Dis aster Burn, we found ourselves, after about about a mile or two's scrambling, on the actual site of the camp from which poor Professor Brown had sallied out— never to return again. Space will not permit of any detailed description of the search we made in that wild country nor of the life in our camp on Disaster Burn. Let us hurry on to the saddle and describe the dis covery of the Pass to the West Coast Sounds on the other side. Crossing the debris of a great avalanche that had fallen over a high cliff we carefully climbed upwards to a sub-alpine plateau. Here we discovered a beautiful lake nestling amongst the mountains. It was surrounded on all sides by fine peaks covered with snow, where the rocks were not too preci- pitons for it to lie. It was fed by several creeks and waterfalls, but, strange to say it had no visible outlet, and it appeared to be of great depth. Lying calm and clear, secure in a great loneliness amongst the mountains, far from the habitations of man, beyond the reach of taint and tur moil, fringed with all that is rare and lovely in mountain flora—beautiful green leaved, delicate blossomed mountain lilies, rare celmesias, just bursting into flower, semicios, veronicas, mosses and lichens—it seemed a gem, a picture and a poem ! I named it Lake Mainwaring. Leaving my companions in the rear, and hurrying on, I climbed to the real saddle, covered in places with patches of snow. Climbing the shoulder of one of the moun tains on the left, and keeping my gaze in tently westward, I beheld a deep gorge or valley of surpassing grandeur gradually opening out before my gaze. It reminded me somewhat of the Otira Gorge, except that the mountains were higher and of more forbidding aspect. At last, on gain ing a commanding eminence, I had away down below me, in the distance, a glimpse of the dark waters of the lovely sound, its waters here and there ruffled by a passing breeze. Nearer at hand a splendid moun tain range reared its snowy summits high above our elevation, one fine Matterhorn- like peak towering right into the clouds, and magnificent waterfalls coming down the precipices above the hush. While we waited we witnessed some wonderful at mospheric effects. There was the ghost of a cloud, to quote Buskin, stealing by yonder clump of pines, now falling in fair waved lines like a woman's veil, now fad ing, now gone, till some strong enchantor charms it into fond returning or binds it fast within those bars of bough. Then there were the "scattered mists rallying in the ravines and floating up towards it along the winding valleys, till the crouched in white masses, irridescent with the morning light upon the broad breasts of the higher hills, whose leagues of mossy modulation melted back into that, material light until they faded away, lost in its lustre." The mists gathered and gathered till suddenly they seemed to sweep up from the Sound, and almost in an instant we were enveloped in tho clouds and could not see more than 20 yards ahead. We continued our search for some days but the most careful work failed to reveal the slightest trace of the missing man, and he has never been heard of to this day, The surmise is that after he went out from the tent for a stroll he lost his way, and either met with an accident or perished in a snow- storm that came on soon afterwards. From Manapouri it, is only a few miles to To Anau, which is the largest lake in the South Island. It is about 58 miles from Lumsden; where the tourist leaves the train. A wagonette plies between Lumsden and the lake on certain days during the summer months. The tourist should make all his arrangements before- hand, so that there may be no hitch with regard to the conveyance. Te Anau is a long, narrow lake with three arms or fiords running westward into the Alps. The scenery of those fiords is grand in the extreme, while the panorama at the head of the lake—where mountains crowned with perpetual snow roar their heads into the clouds—is one that makes a lasting impression on the traveller. Mr. M'Hutchoson, in his interesting book, Camp Life in Fiordland, thus writes of Te Anau :— " It was a glorious day overhead, and as we steamed slowly along the western shore the full glory of the superb lake only dawned upon us by de grees. Hour after hour, as we crept along marvellous scenic glories unfolded them selves one by one to our amazed and wondering eyes. And it was a panoramic display of ever increasing grandeur, too, for ever as we moved onward the huge bush clad mountains grew higher, closer and more precipitous, the winding fiords be- came narrower, deeper and more sublime — the whole landscape, in short, grew grander, bolder and more majestic, until, as we neared the head of the lake, and while threading our way in dim moonlight haze and clouded gloom, mid channels and fiords of unspeakable grandeur, with huge granite walls and stupendous mountains bending almost over us, we sat absolutely spellbound with admiration at the weird beauty, thoe sublime magnificence of the glorious scene. Somewhat uninteresting plains border the southern end of the lake, but along the entire western shore and the upper half of the eastern great bush clad mountains rise sheer up from the water's edge. In addition to the coves and bays and the thousand and one minor indent- ations, the bold western shore is sliced com pletely through by three remarkable fissures or channels, named respectively the north, the south and the middle fiords. These fiords, winding away back into the heart of the mountains, 10 or 20 miles, present in themselves a complete epitome of the West Coast Sounds, Each channel and fiord, it is almost uneccssary to add, is replete with scenery of the most ravishing description. But not only are the sights of Te Anau wonderful, they are practically inexhaustible. Reckoning in all the bays and indentations, but excluding the monotonous plains, there must be 250 miles of coast line within which not a single mile exists that could by the most captious critic be termed uninteresting. To show the ex tent of the coast line of Te Anau it may be mentioned that during the previous winter Mackinnon piloted an enterprising photo grapher entirely round the lake. The party pulled into and examined every bay and cove of the coast line, but it took them nearly three months to do it." On the shores of Te Anau and Manapouri have been found numerous Maori curiosities, in- eluding a nnmber of greenstone imple- menta. Quite an interesting chapter might be written on the manufacture of green- stone implements and idols by the Maories, and as space will not now permit of it we may refer to the subject in a future supple ment. At Mr. Frank Hyams's, Princes- street, Dunedin, the tourist may examine a unique collection of very pretty orna- ments and other articles manufactured from this beautiful stone, and carry away with him, according to the length of his purse, fitting mementoes of his sojourn in Maoriland. One gets very fond of these two southern lakes, but much as we might like it, we cannot stay here for ever, so now adieu, lovely Manapouri — a brilliant set in eme- ralds, with outer rings of rougher and darker gems, that change their colors with every mood of the sky. The bones of my old professor are bleaching in your soli- tudes, and no monument marks his tomb. Farewell to majestic Te Anau, with your wondrous fiords and majestic mountains. Deep down in your cold dark waters lies my old true hearted explorer friend, Quin- tin Mackinnon. Pondering on your sad beginnings of history, we turn our backs on you and start tor Wakatipu. There is a rugged grandeur about Wakatipu that is distinctly characteristic. Would you like to know, gentle reader, how Wakatipu was formed ? As with most mysterious things in this world, there was a woman at the bottom of it, by name Manata. She was a chief's daughter, and beautiful as a star. In the same locality was a young Maori warrior, euphoni ously named Matukauri, who was "gone on" Manata. But Manata's father was a grumpy old fellow, and he gave the young lover a hint that he would see him safely off the premises. Now it so happened that in these parts there lived a fierce giant, and he—not being quite sure in his own mind that Matakauri was the makings of a good husband, and having somewhat of a liking for the maiden himself—forbade the banns, and so it happened that one fine morning Manata was missing. The old chief—who was really very fond of his daughter—was very wroth at this, and for a time there was rather a "picnic" in that part of the country. Search was made everywhere, but without result, and at last the chief decided to advertise in the papers for his poor, lost child, and to offer a large re ward—her hand. This, so to speak, "fetched" Matakauri, who made diligent search, and at last found that he had to deal with a giant. Now, like most other giants, this Matau had his little weakness. He always slept when the wind blew from the north - west Matakauri knew this, and, one day when the wind blew in from the sea, he armed himself and set out in quest of Man- ata. Towards evening he heard the maiden sobbing bitterly, and when he came to her she threw herself upon his neck and said she must die in that place, for she was tied to Matnu's body with a cord, and could not es cape. Matakauri, however, nothing daunted, went down to the river and built a raft to take his love away ; but, alas the cord would not reach so far, and it could not be cut, for it was made of the hide of the two- headed dog. Manata then wept more bitterly than before, and some of her tears falling on the cord, it was severed as if by magic. Thereupon the two lovers hastened to the river, and, floating away on the raft, Manata was soon in the arms of her father. Like a true warrior, Mata kauri then determined to slay the giant, so he climbed the hill where Matau was sleeping and set fire to a great pile of bracken that he had raised around him. Wherever the smoke trailed a thicket of thorns sprang up and surrounded the ashes of thedead giant. The fire burnt a deep hole in the ground—over 1000 feet deep— into which the mountains poured their streams. In this way Lake Wakatipu was made, and the thorns proved the truth of the saying that there were giants in those days. So runs the Maori legend about the for mation of Wakatipu. This, it will be observed, is rather a free translation, as, having "to boil it down " considerably, I am unable to use the exact language of the poetic Maori. The prosaic geologist of later days will toll you that subsidence and upheaval have had most, and glacial action, a little, to do with it, and if you keep your eyes open and look out over the great ancient moraine some summer even- ing as the train steams into the Kingston terminus you will he inclined to believe him to. The scenery at the head of Lake Wakatipu is amazingly beautiful, the scene being dominated by the magnificent glacier crowned Mount Earnslaw. One can enjoy the views on every hand to the full. It is only the climber, however, to whom the grander beauties of Earnslaw can be un- folded, so let us make AN ALPINE EXPEDITION. There wasn't a patch of blue sky in the firmament, and nothing at all in so far as the weather was concerned, to encourage a mountaineer to cherish dreams of a visit to snowland or one dull December day wo bundled portmanteaux, provisions, tents, ice axes and billies into our cab and rumbled down the dreary desolate street to the railway station. Jupiter Pluvius had been making tilings lively up above, and the skies had been weeping constantly for two days, with the result that everything —including the cab—was "dem'd damp, moist and unpleasant." We were, how ever, not to be daunted by bad beginnings, and took our seats in the hope that before the day was over something would occur to propitiate the aforesaid J. P. It turned out quite the contrary, and before we had gone many miles we were met by floods and rumors of floods, and at length, early in the day, we came to a dead stop, for the engine from the south and the engine from the north could not get within four miles of one another. It was suggested that we should tranship from one train to the other, and, still undaunted by the difficulties and dangers, we decided to do so, and proceeded to drive in cabs through the floods. For three miles the horses, splashed through the murky water, now shallow, now deep—occasionally running over the floor of the cab, wetting feet and luggage indiscriminately —on through a dreary scene of flooded field and cottage and half drowned sheep till the next sta tion was reached. After a long and anxious day we reached King- ston, and steamed up the lake under the moonlight shadow's of the great mountains. Later on the tea was good and so were the salmon trout and the new Iaid eggs, so that when we paced the deck once more we were at peace; with all men. Then in quick suck cession came the lights of Queens- town, the pier, Eichardt's comfort able hotel, and bed. Next day the weather was more promising, and we started off in the morning to "do" Ben Lo mond. If you stay at Queens- town it is the correct thing to "do " Ben Lomond. We thought we would do the correct thing. I had done it three times before, but that was no matter—for the sake of my wife and my brother it was decided that I should, "do" it a fourth time. It is 5700 odd feet high, and there is a fine view from the top. As it happened, however, we never got to the top. Our ill luck still pursued us, and just as we were about to tackle the last steep bit the mountain hid his head in the clouds, and the cold rain beat down and wet us to the skin. From the saddle, looking to the westward, a wild scene met our gaze. The sharp hills and deep ravines, with here and there a clump of dark beeches perched up on their sides, looked strangely unreal under the lowering sky. Even the snow patches high up on the hills seemed to have lost their brightness as the black clouds gradually enwrapped them like a funeral pall, while the little white cottage far down the dark ravine seemed, in its deso- lateness, as if it belonged to another world. We soon left all this behind, and trudged through the rain down the long winding track that leads to Queenstown. We stepped out bravely as we neared our hotel and pretended to look as if we had enjoyed it, but all the same we should have been glad of a convenient back entrance. We had no change of clothing, our luggage having been left behind at the flooded portion of the railway, so my wife borrowed a change of raiment, and I got a book and a glass of something strong and went to bed for the rest of the afternoon. For several days we had to stay indoors, reading and whiling away the time as best we could with cards and other games. One Sunday when the weather looked more promising, my wife and I, tired of inaction, got a boat, rowed across the lake and set out to climb the Humboldt Range, which, opposite Glenorchy, is some 7000 feet high. We struck up through the bush which a few years previously, on my return from a former expedition to Earnslaw, I had seen in flames for miles along the lake side. The blackened trunks of dead trees, and the tall leafless arms of others, towering over the path, made a scene of solitary woodland desolation. But there were pretty spots too, where the sun glinted down on the wonderfully colored mosses and lichens and lit up the tall trees through which we could see far down the blue lake to where the fleecy clouds lay low on the distant mountains. After about an hour's climbing we left all vegetation behind, and after taking a photograph of Bold Peak we left the camera behind, and hurried on to the top of the range. Tee view, however, was disappointing, as the clouds shut out the greater part of the mountain ranges down the lake, and also towards the west coast, where range upon range of mountains could be seen vanishing in the mist The summit of Earnslaw, too, was hidden in the clouds, but the lower part of the great glacier, occasionally lit up with gleams of sun shine, was a glorious sight. As we were late in starting there was little time to waste on the peak, so the descent was at once commenced, and we reached the lake side in about three hours. Everything comes to him who waits. Thus we reflected as day after day went by without any change in the weather. One Sunday on the Humboldt Range served to break the monotony, and now the weather showed signs of clearing ; but the Monday following was worse than ever, and the Tuesday was little better, so that at one time we had serious thoughts of abandon ing the expedition. On the Wednesday, however, we awoke to find a rising barometer and patches of sunshine on the ranges opposite, though Earnslaw and all the higher mountains were still holding their heads in the clouds; but time was flying, and we decided to make a start. In about an hour after breakfast we were in the saddle with big swags in front of us, and canter- ing gaily up the Rees Valley in the direction of Mount Earnslaw. There were four of us, my, brother Kenneth and Harry Birley, haying now joined us. Our party was to be further reinforced by the inclusion of a settler named David M'Con- nachie whom l had engaged for the trip, but on reaching his place we were doomed to further disappointment, for, tired of waiting for good weather, he had left that very morning for the Routeburn station to buy cattle. He was, however, expected back by noon, so leaving word for him to follow with the bulk of our provisions, we cantered on ahead, and soon we had entered the shingly flats of the Rees, Gorge with the bold buttresses of Earnslaw towering up on our left and a high range on our right. We had left the road behing us, and as we jogged along slowly we had time to think of the previous history of the mountain. Some years previously the Rev. W. S. Green with Boss and Kaufmann had tried the ascent and failed owing to bad weather coming on. They had battled against showers of snow and sleet, and at last had to break the ice on the pools of water before they gave in. The guide, however, decided that it would be useless to proceed, as, even had the weather cleared up, the freshly fallen snow would have rendered climbing on the glaciers extremely dangerous. Following in Mr. Green's footsteps, I did some ex- ploration on the eastern side of the moun- tain in 1885 and 1887. On the first occa- sion our party started from the Rees Valley, and after being 20 hours on the move succeeded in reaching the snow slopes . above the source of the Lennox Falls, and returning to Glenorchy in the same day. On the second expedition we went further round to the northward and discovered two waterfalls and a new glacier, but on neither occasion did we attempt the ascent of the peak, as we were unprepared for any serious alpine work. Subsequent to this Harry Birley had made several expe ditions on the mountain, and even tually, in 1890, he succeeded in reach ing the summit of the sharpest peak. His climb on this occasion was all the more remarkable in that he was alone during the final and most difficult portion of the ascent, which includes some pretty stiff rock and ice work. His story was very generally disbelieved in the district, but knowing his prowess as a mountaineer, I was equally convinced that he had made the ascent, and longed for an opportunity of proving his assertion. From 1890 up till the time of our visit in 1892, no one had attempted the ascent, although several tourists had visited the glacier above the Lennox Falls. It was for Birley's route we were now making, and if all went well we hoped to reach the summit on the following day. On entering the Rees Gorge we lost sight of the upper portion of Earnslaw, but the sceneiy ahead still fully engaged our attention. The track wound over the flats and through the beech forest, which here and there came down from the hill side to greet the river. At one place we would cross a rustic bridge that bad been thrown over a mountain torrent. Anon we would toil up a steep slope and look down through the tall trees at the slaty blue waters of the river surging far blow, thinking all the time what a mercy it was that the horses in those parts were as sure footed as mules. Again we would ford the river or skirt its roaring waters over some great bank where semi-detached trees and boulders overhang so, that it made more than one of the party nervous to look up. Every now and then, as we emerged from the hush, we would get glorious glimpses of the snow clad mountains that closed in the head of the valley. Then the valley widened, and, after a gallop over the flats, we arrived at the commencement of our climb near the Lennox Falls. We, how ever, did full justice to the good things which we unpacked from our swags, but every now and then one or the other would rise from beside the camp fire and eagerly scon the grassy fiats far down the valley in the hope of seeing an approaching horse man. But we looked in vain, and, giving up all hopes of our man, we fell to discus- sing our plans under this fresh disappoint ment. We had left a considerable propor tion of the provisions for our man to fetch up, and we were not strong enough to carry up what we had with us at one time. By taking the greater portion of it, how ever, we might manage, but in any case we should he overloaded, and it was three hours' hard work through the bush before we could reach the upper camping place. We were considering the position when Harry, looking through the glasses, spied a horseman galloping across the flat far down the valley in our direction. That settled it—we decided to proceed, even if we did not reach the upper camp till after dark. We all felt much more cheerful now, for it really seemed as if patience and persever ance were clearing away all obstacles, and Harry, who, when he became particularly elated, always used a grammar of his own, exclaimed : " We're right now, boys! Us'll get up yet, won't us?" At 5 o'clock all was ready, and bending under our heavy swags, we plunged into the bush. Our horseman approached rapidly. On he came, nearer and nearer, now slowing down to cross the river, then trotting briskly over the shingly reaches, or galloping across the tussock flats. Like young Lochinvar He stayed not for brake And he stopped not for stone, till he reined in his panting horse at the foot of the steep terrace just below where the camp fire was burning cheerily. Our route lay up through a portion of the bush that had been partially destroyed by a great fire some years previously, and it was very hard work toiling up the steep slope, and occasionally stumbling over a moss covered tree or some hidden root or stone. The sun had long since gone from our side of the mountain, and it was quite cool in the forest, yet the perspiration was stream ing from our faces at every step. Up, up we went, over the dead trees and beautiful springy mosses that tempted one sorely to lie down and rest, up between the tall leaf less half burnt trees, up over the steep rocky faces in the direction of our cump. After about 1000 feet or so of this work we reached a sort of elevated plateau in the bush, and proceeding along this to the northward, we got some fairly level walking, and then as we neared the upper camping ground we were treated to another bit of steep work, which, at the fag end of the journey, was particularly trying. Presently a cheer from Harry from the heights above told us that my wife and he had reached the end of that day's journey. We plodded steadily along in their tracks, and soon caught up on Kenneth, toiling up alone under his great heavy swag. It was dark now, so that we had to he guided by cooee- ing from those above, but we made fair progress, and in 20 minutes we had joined them and were looking about for a suitable camping spot for the night. There was plenty of wood and water, but the trouble was to get a dry spot, as the whole of the mountain side was very damp after the recent rains. At one place a great over- hanging rock came out from the side of the hill, and as it kept the ground immediately underneath it dry, and afforded good shelter, we decided to make it our camping place. The only objection to it was that the ground sloping away from it was as steep us a house, and on this we should have to pitch the tents. We had, however, overcome worse diffi culties than that in our time, so without more ado we set about building a retain ing wall of big stones and filling in the hollow with smaller ones. In this way willing hands had soon formed a fairly level plot of ground under the rock about 14 feet long by 6 broad. - On this we pitched the tents. Meanwhile one of the party had been busy with the camp fire and supper, and about 10 o'clock, ceasing from our work for a while, we gathered around the fire and partook of our evening meal. I should not like to say how much we ate or how much we drank for fear I should not be believed, but it is safe to say that we never enjoyed a city banquet or a table d' hôte dinner so much as we did our even ing meal on the mountain that night. Supper over, we continued our work about the tents. My wife and I had to climb over the stone wall to get into our tent. Inside it we found a mnttrass composed of stones about the size of road metal, but we set to work and nmde it fairly comfortable by placing a layer of beech tree scrub over the metal. It was 11 o'clock before we turned in, and it was long after that before we got to sleep. Peeping out from the tent I was rewarded with a glorious view. The Southern Cross shone glorious in a cloudless sky, giving promise of a fine day on the morrow, and high above us to the left the moon was shedding a cold pole light on the white seracs of the Birley Glacier. Above it loomed the peak which was our goal. At our feet, a few yards below the tents, a stream ran down through the bush, making sweet music and laving the beech tree roots as it meandered on— a gentle tribute from the pure snows of Earnslaw to the turbulent Rees River roaring over its rocky bed in the dim, shadowy valley, 2000 feet below. We talked of old times among the moun tains, and joked and chatted pleasantly, with never a reference to the serious work that lay before us on the morrow, though more than one of the company I know gave it an anxious thought now and then. At last words grew few and far between, ihe dying camp fire crackled, and the brook made rippling music in the hollow below. There were no other sounds to disturb the strange still ness, for the bush birds had gone to sleep, and the avalanches were bound fast in the icy grip of King Frost. At length the crackling of the fire and the music of the stream seemed gradually mingling into one rythmic sound, and I fell asleep to dream that Harry Birley was beckoning me on from the top of a great precipice, and call ing, " Us'll get up yet, won't us ? " We were awakened next morning by an avalanche from the Birley Glacier, and turned out in the keen morning air to find a thin bank of mist lying 1000 feet below the tops of the mountains to the eastward across the Rees Valley. Later on, while we were having breakfast, the sunlight caught the upper snows of the Birley Glacier, and stole gradually lower and lower, changing the cold grey tints of the seracs to a roseate hue, and at the same time waking the avalanches into increased activity. At 7 o'clock my wife and I left the camp, leaving the others to follow after they had straightened up things a little. Our route lay across the small plateau just above the camp, and then up a long grassy ridge leading to the bare rock, and beyond that the snow slopes. The first pinch was steep, and we toiled up slowly, pausing every now and then for a breather. The hill side was covered with mountain lilies in full bloom, celmisias, senecios and a variety of other, beautiful Alpine plants. As we persued out upward way, avalanche after avalanche broke away from the edge of the Birley glacier, treating us to a grand entertain- ment till we had got almost on a level with the Glacier. We were well out of danger, so could enjoy the spectacle unmoved. One huge mass of ice, which must have weighed thousands of tons, broke away from an overhanging ledge of the glacier with a tremendous report, and went seething down over the dark precipices below with awful roar. It must have travelled fully half a mile before its energy was spent, and I was able to secure a photograph of it while it was still in motion. As we gained the top of the Arete we obtained splendid views of the higher peaks and the glacier system at the head of the Rees Valley. Across the valley, too, there was a wonderful ex panse of mountain scenery, one splendid rocky peak with ice seamed culoirs particularly engaging our attention. The Alpine flora continued wonderfully fine, and as we climbed higher we met with eidelweiss growing on the rocks in great profusion. The mists which had lain in long, thin wreaths on the mountains opposite our camp now began to assume fantastic shapes, and to appear lower down in the valley. At 9 o clock, too, as we gained the bare rocks they began to come creeping gradually over the soutnern shoulder of Earnslaw. Things looked bad, but we decided to proceed, and, at 10 o'clock, after a scramble over some loose rock slopes, we reached the edge of the glacier. Our first consideration was the condition of the snow. We found it rather soft, and in places nearly knee deep. The mists closed completely around us, ob scuring all view, and as we put on the rope and marched on to the glacier in single file an avalanche thundered omin ously in the seracs below. Occasionally the warm sun dissipated the mists, giving us a glimpse of the final peak of Earnslaw, and a wonderful view to the eastward. We were above the clouds. The mountain tops rose like pointed islands from a sea of cloud, which every now and then surged round some peak, ob literating it from view, or closed like a pall over the slopes of some distant glacier gleaming in the upper sunlight. As we proceeded cautiously up the snow slopes we had time to note the most marvellous effects, till the mists would close round us again and we could only judge our route by the trend of the crevasses. After about half an hour's climbing we again emerged from the mists, and the two peaks of Earns- law burst upon our gaze—a glorious sight, which put now spirit into us. We had now gained a considerable eleva tion and had a good view of the mountains to westward. Our route lay downwards over a gentle snow slope to a plateau at the foot of the peak, which we reached at 12.20 p.m. The warm sunshine streamed down upon us, the summit was to all appearance within easy distance, and Harry, for the third time, but with more confidence than before, remarked. " Us'll get up yet, won't us?" There were more serious difficulties ahead, however. The real work of the climb was now about to commence, and we decided to have lunch before proceeding further. Harry, along with Kenneth and Davie, went round the side of the mountain above the broken ice of the Birley glacier in the hope of getting some water, and eventually they succeeded in finding a tiny strenm trickling down over the rocks. Having done full justice to the provisions we bad brought with us, we made another start. On our left we could peer down over the edge of our plateau on to the seracs of the Birley glacier, piled in wild confusion one above the other. To the right a valley led over into the Dart River; and above us rose the peak, in a smooth snow slope for 100 feet or so, and then in a series of dark ice seamed precipices, which seemed to bar our progress. The higher we climbed the softer became the snow, and as we halted to gain breath some great icicles broke off from the preci pice and went clattering down the cliff in a thousand fragments. We soon gained the top of the first snow slope, and then began to sidle up over rocks and snow to the foot of the precipices. There our diffi- culties began. The snow was very soft, and a dense mist had closed around us unce more, so that we could not see what lay ahead. We zigzagged up the ledges, in places chipping off a thin layer of ice with our axes, and made very fair progress, but at last Kenneth, who was leading, came to a dead stop at the foot of some very awkward ledges. Harry reckoned he could get up, and eventually we de cided to make an effort to overcome the obstacle, so while I went round to the right to see if there was an easier route, Kenneth got his axe into play and sent the ice from the first ledge rattling down over the rocks below. The rocks projected over the ledge on which we were standing, and just below, on the left was a very steep drop of some hundreds of feet down to the first snow slope. It was a ticklish bit of work, but Kenneth, using his axe dex terously, reached the topmost ledge in safety. Harry followed, and as he crawled under the first projecting ledge a pannikin which he carried at his belt caught in the rock, and sending him over on his side left him in a very precarious position. For a second or more he was hanging by his left hand on a sloping rock, but he never for one moment lost his presence of mind, and after he had steadied himself somewhat he called calmly to Kenneth to help him up. Then he said he thought he could manage, but, after all, he failed, and Kenneth had to come to his assistance. It was one of those situations where a cool head and plenty of nerve were invaluable. As we were climbing a new route in a mist, and with the mountain in bad trim, we decided that my wife should return from this point with M'Connachie to the foot of the peak while we proceeded. It was a great dis appointment to her to turn at this point after having come so far, but we all agreed that it was better to err on the side of safety, especially as the weather was so uncertain, and we had no idea what further difficulties might be ahead. Proceeding upwards we had some awkward climbing owing to there being so much snow and ice on the rocks. All went well for a time till Birley, who had not been in good health, was seized with a fainting fit, and would have fallen against the rocks had I not caught and steadied him. We propped him up as well as we could on one of the snow covered ledges, and gave him a double dose of some medicine that he had wih him in a small phial in case of emergency. This brought him to in a few minutes, but he was too weak to proceed. There was a fresh difficulty staring us in the face. The fates still pursued us with their ill-luck, and it was evident that they did not wish us to set foot on the top of Earnslaw. I was for returning at once, but Harry would not hear of it. He said we would top the peak if we went on, and he himself was quite content to remain where he was and rest till our return. Seeing he was so much better, we decided to take his advice, and leaving him in a safe place with a warning not to leave the spot, I led off at a good pace, and Kenneth followed in my tracks. We were soon on an easy slope, which led us on to the main areta, but owing to the fog we could not tell how far the peak was ahead. Suddenly I caught a glimpse of the ice cornice looming up through the mist, and at 20 minutes past 3, with a loud " hurrah !" we stepped on to the top- most pinnacle of the peak. Our first glance was ahead for some sign of Harry Birley's cairn, and there sure enough it was, with the black rocks here and there showing through a covering of snow and icicles. The fiagpole, too, was standing, worn quite smooth and white by the pelting hail and rain of the winter storms, but of the flag there was not a vestage left — it had long since been blown to tatters, and had no doubt long since found a resting place on the upper slopes of the Birley Glacier. I took a couple of photographs of the cairn, and then, after we had secured the bent shilling that Harry Birley had left there in a small bottle on the occasion of his first ascent, we devoted ourselves to the view. It was sublimely grand. To the eastward we peered over the cornice on to the steep upper slopes of the Birley Glacier. Towards Wakatipu all view was shut out by the dense mist. The peak sloped steeply down to the great Earnslaw Glacier, which we could just see looming dimly out of cloudland. To the westward and north it was clearer, and a glorious pano rama of Alpine scenery lay before us. We looked across the valley of the Dart River, out over the Cosmos Range, 8000 feet high, to the Western ocean, glaciers and peaks, innumerable rising above the scattered banks of cloud. Nearer at hand, and more- to the northward, the ice land, out of which rose Mount Anstead, Mount Tyndall and Mount Edward— all over 8000 feet high— stretched away before us to where Mount. Aspiring reared his rocky pinnacle above a great glacier basin. The descent was safely accomplished, only one little bit in soft steep snow giving us any trouble ; and after all, "Us got up, didn't us ?" From Wakatipu we take coach to Wanaka, and proceed thence to Mount Cook, after which we go to Christchurch and " do " the far famed Otira Gorge. A description of all this, however, must be left over for our succeeding supplement. BEN LOMOND; LAKE WAKATIPU. 