ETCETERA. ' A Ere this appears in print; the peg will have been moved forward a hole -in the crib- bage-board of time ; the year 1895 will be a fact, and the world will be a step nearer the ,20th century, nearer the Millenium. The end of the old year and the beginning of the new ever cause a man to think, to pause and consider the past — and the future. He cons over some of the events that have gone by, analyses his mistakes, probes the lancet into various of his acts, and turns over the next page in his own particular Book of Life, resolved to, in times to come, avoid spilling such and such an ink over the leaf. The first of the year has ever been, and ever will be, the period of good resolutions. What if these resolutions be merely made to be broken? The making alone is a com mendable act. . - r "Conning over the event that have gone by — this is the most heart- wracking v part of the New Year's musings. There are always so many things to regret. Some one has said that life consists of Birth, a little happiness, many regrets, . and -Death — a too accurate truism. Hap- ' piness forms a very small measure of man's portion. M-any a thing that causes plea sure at the moment brings sadness when more sob,er consideration is given it! j Every sweet has its bitterness. ... . . 5k ... . ' ' Some men, in the giddy whirl of life in big cities, have little time for thinking, vand the bitterness of existence does not Y' force itself ' upon them till age begins to creep forward. In the madness of Paris- . ian life, for instance, the rush and turmoil ,/ of an Existence iri London— where the pulse of being is always beating ! But ' when one gets away from these huge '.- centres of civilisation, away from the > : littoral, then with'he New Year comes in ' Bogie thoughts, spectres of the past, which 1 tihie' ought to have killed long, long ago. 5J.. 5k . ' Though, ail thoughts are; not; sad. Side , Y ,by/ side- with the; ugly demons the ghosts Y/qfgood deeds show themselves. Through the Babel of angry, mocking voices, the . thinker hears softer murmurs counselling him to have courage, to remember - that ' 'the best of men may slip and sin, that one noble act wipes out many evil. Cheer up ! " whisper the voices, " cheer up. We Tare 'like the Good Fairies of the panto mimes — you have our protection in your struggle along the Road." Cheered up by the voices of the Phantoms, the thinker's spirits rise. The stone that lies on bi9 ' 1 1 heart seems to grow lighter. His memory carries him back to earlier days when Y life was rose-colored, when the world i, seemed worth the exploring, his brain re- '- pictures the glories of places lie has visited — the rustic beauties of England, ; - the peaceful, happy days in the south of ! Franbe, the glimpses of Paradise he has had iri'ItAly, his Arabian nights' existence in " Algeria, tie mighty magnificence of Aqierican scenery. To the self -put query, "Is Life worth Living?" comes the answer " Aye." Under certain conditions. Life blackened by continuous poverty and trouble is more ,, than wearisome. To enjoy residence on tliis planet a man should have money, or ' prospects of money, or the scarce quality ; of contentment. Then the sun shines \- brighter, the winds blow cooler, the birds ..sing sweeter. But the eternal grind for Y; money, the perpetual, brain-killing schem- . . .ing for a sufficiency, it is that which kills . our enjoyment. W ork gives zest to what ever enjoyment we may attempt, but mucli : , of what is called work is nothing more ; Y nor less than slavery. And slavery and I contentment do not go hand in hand. Once more, the world is not such a bad place if one can enjoy its beauties. For a man so placed need not be guilty bf many of those meannesses which cause him to do , evil, whem he would prefer good. There would, if he did not evilly, be pq gruesome spectres to gibe at him in his New Year's thinking, fewer regrets/ fewer worries and troubles. But, as the 'World is, we must" take things as they ' A 'come; hoping for the best, doing good '\fiylien and where we can, then our retro spect at the end of each stage will not be ; . ao painful. X. 