"Tasmanian Letter. Hobart, April 18. Easter weather in Tasmania t'iis year has been porfoofc. Good Friday was dall and cold, bub from Saturday up till to-day we have had tho mildest and brightest of days, and light summer dresses have blossomed out once more, making us quito forget that there was such, a thins as a Mount Wellington covered with snow only a few weeks a^o. There seemed plenty of flowers available for ohurch decora tions, notably white chrysanthemums , and cosmos, and of tho churches I saw, I thought All Saints', St. David's, and St. Joseph's were the prettiest. Visitors fre quently remark upon the church-going char acteristics bf Hobart people. It is quite true, . full churqhes aröt'fie rule, hot the exception, .'and tho nüratíórVof'eloquent,preachers and good all-round men amongst the- olergy; of "'the j difforent scots, ¿lid denominations is for a . j' small community rather remarkable. ' The many friends of Canon Whitington, both vin , Adelaide whore héwas working for so long, and in Hobart where he has had charge of the cathedral ¿ai'ish/will be glad to hear that he has been"raised of Archdeacon, Southern Archdeaconry pf Tasmania. Tho trip of the Warrentinna was. á groat success, and tho.party.of about forty enjoyed this ^wayr¿?bf í sp^ndirig .vEa.sterf^immensely. ; Oystw/OoVo^tAdfohlMpa^ay, South Bruny Lighthouse SSoutiÍpórfc -Recherche,.and Ports Esperance and. Cygnet were all visited in turn, the views from some, of these places . being little shorfc pf perfection. The ladies and gentlemen ; visited the village settlement, whore they, found Mr. and Mrs. Henry Dob son busy a's usual superintending affairs and keeping, things going; and, after forming, themselves into a choir for. the little Cownby church on Easter Sunday, started for Hobart again, tho wharf being; reached on Monday evening. - Mr. Hosking has boen, .having lars'e .and most.attentive audiences, afc- bis "spook "en-1 tertainments in tho concert hall at the Exhi-; bition. He explains beforehand that it is all unmitigated trickery, and that he shows you, for ls, what Mrs. Mellon became notorious for. So real and so dover is tho manifesta tion that", unbelieving and reason- loving as I should evor be, it is quite possible to understand that tho weak- minded and super-: stitious .would readily believe in tho reality of these appearances. Tho questions as to how ho does it are many and varied. Does Hosking get out of the cabinet on to which lie has been tied, the cords knotted and sealed by the committee of gentlemen on the platform f" Or does the figure of the ghost owo its form to lantern slides P. Certainly, it is all very clever, till you find out how it is done, anil judging by the majority of men in the audi ences, we women feel that wo ara not the only ones who, like Pandora, would like to know ! Easter Monday was quite a people's day at . tho exhibition-the sort of crowd one sees at the regatta, large family parties, including tho baby, Edwins and Angelinas from the country in dozens, groups of quiet country lads gazing open-mouthed at the pictures, hurrying past the shocking ones, of course, and studying tho minerals and the trophies with ; a look that put into words would be, " Well, that's the finest thin;,' as over I see." In the conoert-hall ono had a fine opportunity for beholding the country maiden in all tho glory of her " best things." Oar fashions and: styles'are often fearful and wonderful, but her modifications are simply irresistible. The ;white straw hat, with it3 mass of somewhat uncurled feathers, also whito, ita pink rib-, bons and roses not matching, ita ends of lace and fancy pins, is a thing to make ono weep, but dear little "Susan " was quito happy in it and rejoiced that her " Tom " thought it a lot smarter than the'.'plain bonnets and simple hats of many of the fine ladies who had come down to see what sort of concert Mr. Louden would provide that afternoon. Least said soonest mended with regard to the oonoert; it was about the poorest I have heard at tho ex hibition. Miss Lockhart, from Sydney, sang ; aiid with regard to her singing, from a per sonal point pf view, I warn myself to refrain from saying. anything if I cannot say some thing good. A very pretty, thoucrh quiet, wedding was celebrated yesterday at the Hopkins Memorial Churoh (Congregational), the bride being Miss May Saber and the bridegroom, Mr. Haroourt Smith, of Launceston. Pastor Sharpe was the officiating olergyman, and being unfamiliar with the marriage ceremony of this churoh I could nob help being struck by its shortness and general conciseness. The bride's gown was of heavy cream corded silk, yoke-and frills Of cream- lace, tight-fitting sleeves-to the elbow, with butterfly tops veiled in lace ; lace also trimmed the foot of tho skirt,. the usual tillie veil and orange blossoms were worn, and an exquisite bouquet with long floral streamers completed the toilotte. The attendant maids and grooms men woro Miss Lucy Smith and Mr. Salier, , Miss M. Barclay and Mr. Norman Smith, and throe - little girls, ..nieces of tho bride, Misses Salier', Gwen Jones, and Delicé Jones. The gowns were bf cream oropette, with collars of yellow miroir velvet, cut into points and falling over tho back and front of bodice, small rolls and bows of velvet at the waist, and tho sleeves made of velvet to . the elbow and with'draped top3 of the cream material. Long sprays of chrysanthemums Were carried, and all, inoluding the two very little girls, who wore embroidered oream silk gowns, had court veils falling from a roupho of tullo, à most becoming Btyle of head. gear. Tho bride's mother were biaok. corded silk, lace mantle, and widow's bonnet; Mrs. C. ' Smith (Launceston), black, with long black plush mántle, trimmed with .blue .fox fur, black laoo -bonnet with touches of crimson.; Tho guests, Who wore not very numerous, carried bouquets ^ to match their costumes. Amongst them I notiood Mrs. David Barclay, Miss Salier, Miss Barclay,'-'Miss Hogg, Mr. and Mrs. W. Salier. Altor a short honeymoon tho happy couple prooeed tu Zeehan, whore Mr. Smith carries on his business as civil engineer. There was another dance in tho Masonic Hall last night given by Mrs. and the Misses Webster, and there havo been several sniall at homes and pionioa, but space will not allow of any more Hobart news this time Nell Diemen.. 