Sermon for Sunday. The Unpardonable Sin. By Rev. Dr. Talmage. All mwnor of sin and blasphemy shall bo for- Slvon unto men ; but t.lio blusphoray against tbo Colv Ghost shall not bo forgiven unto num. And whoHoovcr spuakcth a word against the Son of Man. it shall bo forgiven liim: but whosoovcr upealcoth auninst tho rlolv Ghost it sbnll not bo forprivun him, neither in this world, neither In the world to oomo.— Matt. xil. SI, 82. Ho found no piaco of repentance, though ho sought jt carefully with tears.— Hob. xil. 17. You seo from tho first passago that tliero is a sin against tho Holy Ghost for which a man is uovor pardoned. Onoo having committed it, he is bound hand and foot for tho dungeons of despair. Sermons may bo preached to him, songs may bo sung to liim, prayers may bo offered in his bolmlf ; hut all to no purpose. He is a captive for this world, and a captive for tho world that is to como. Do you supposo that there is anyone hero who has committed that sin ? All sins are against tho Holy Ghost, but my text speaks of ono especially. It is vory clear to my mind that tho sin against tho Holy Ghost was tho ascribing of tlio works of the Spirit to tho agency of tho dovil, in tho timo of the apostles. Indeed tho Bible distinctly tells us that. In other words, if n man had sight givon to him, or if another was raised from the dead, und some- ono standing thcro should sny, "This man got his sight by Satanic power ; tho Holy Spirit did not do this, Beelzebub accomplished it;" or, "This man raised from tlio doud was raiaod by Satanic influence," tho man who said that came under tho curse of tlio text, and com mitted tlio fatal sin ngainfit tho Holy Ghost. Now, I do not think it possible in this day to commit that sin. I think it wus possible only iu apostolic times. But it is a very terrible thing over to say anything against tho Holy Ghost, and it is a marked faot that our race has been marvellously Kept buck from that pro fanity. You hear a man swear by tbe name of tho eternal God, and by tho name of Jesus Christ, but you novcr board a man swear by tho name of tho Holy Ghost. Thoro nro thoso Jiero to-day who fear thoy aro guilty of tlio unpardonable sin. Havo you such nnxioty ? Then I havo to toll you positively that you havo not committed that sirg bccauso tbo very unxioty is a rosult of tbe movomont of the gracious Spirit, and your anxiety is proof posi tive, us ccrtuinly as unythiug tliut eun be demonstrated in mathematics, that you havo not committed tho sin that I liavo been speak ing of. I can look upon this uudionco and feol that thcro is salvation for ull. But whilo I havo said I do not think it is possible for us io commit tho particular sin spoken of in the first text, I havo by reason of tho second toxt to call your attention to tlio fact that there are sins which, though thoy may bo pardoned, tiro iu soma respects irrevocable ; and you can find no placo for repentance, though you seek it carefully with tears. Esau had a birthright given lihn. In oldcu times it mount not only temporal but spiritual blessing. Ono day Esau took this birthright and traded it off. for something to out. Oh, tho folly! But let us not bo too severe upon him, for somo of us have committed tho samo folly. After lie liad mado the trade, ho wanted to get it back. Just ub though you to-morrow morning should take all your notes and bonds and Govornmont securities, and should go into a rcstyuraut, and in a fit of reck lessness nnd hunger throw all those securities on tho counter und ask for u plato of food, making tliat oxohunge. This was tho one Esau made. Ho sold his birthright for a mess of pottage, and lio was vory sorry about it afterward ; but i ' ho found no place for ropont- uneo, though he sought it carefully with tears." Thoro is uu impression in almost overy man's mind that somewhero in tho futuro tliero will bo a cliuncn whore lio can correct ull his mis takes. Live as wo may, if we only ropont in timo, God will forgive us, aud then all will ho as woll as though wo had nover committed sin. The simple fact is, that men and women often take twotity years of their lifo to build up influences that reqniro all the rest of thoir life to break -down. Talk about a man beginning life when lie is twenty-ono years of age ; talk about a woman beginning lifo when fiho is eighteen years of age ! All, no ! In muny respects that is tho time thoy close lifo.' In niuo cases' out of ton,' all the questions of eternity are decided boforo that. Talk about a majority of men getting their fortunes botwoon thirty and forty ! Thoy get or loso fortunes between ten and twenty. Wlion you toll mo that 'a man is just beginning life, I . tell you ho is just closing it. Oil, yoiing man ! tho Riu of yesterday, the sin of to- iuorrow, will rcnoh ovor ten thousand . years — ayo, over tho groat and uneuding eternity. You may after a whilo say, " I am Yory sorry. Now I havo got to bo 30 or 40 years of ago, and I do wish I had nover com mitted thoso sins." What docs that amount to ? God may pardon you ; but undo those things you nover will, you novor can. I put nil purontal mistakes in this samo category of irrovo®;abIo mistakes. , Wo begin tho education of our children too lato. By the tiuio thoy get to bo 10 or 16 wo wake up to our mistakes, and try to eradicate this bud habit, and change that; but it is too lato. That parent who omits in tho first 10 years of tho child's lifo to mako an oternul impression for Christ, novcr mnkos it. Tlio uhild will probably go on with all tho disadvantages whioh might havo boon avoided by parental faithfulness. Now, you see what a mistake that father or motlior makes who puts off to Into lifo adherence to Christ. Hero is a man who nt fifty years of ago says to you, " I must bo a Christian " ; und ho yiolds his heart to God, and sits in tho placo of prayer to-day a Cbristiaq. Nouo of us can doubt it. Ho goes home, and ho says, "Hero at fifty years of ago I havo givon my heart to tho Saviour. Now I must establish a family altar." What ! Whero aro youvohildron now ? Ono in Boston ; another in Cincinnati ; another in Now Orleans. Aro you, iny brother, at your fiftieth year, going to establish your family altar? Vory well ; bottor lato than novor ; but alas, alas that you did not do it twenty- five years ago ! Oh, there is suoli a thing as coming to Obrist soon enough to savo ourselves, but not soon enough to savo othors ! How many pnronts walco up in the luttor part of lifo to find out tho mistake ! Tho parent says, " I havo been too lonient," or " I havo been too sovoro in tho disoiplino of my children. If I had tho littlo ones around mo again, how different I. would do !" You will nover liavo thom around again. Tho work is dono, tho bout to tlio chaiaoler is giveu, tlio etornity is dooidod. I say this to young parents— thoso who aro twenty-five or thirty, or tliirty-fivo years of ago, — havo tho family altar to-night. How do. you suppose that father felt us ho leaned ovor tho couoh of his dying child, aud tho expiring son said to him, " Father, you have beon vory good to mo. You liavo given mo a fine education, and you bavo plaaod mo iu a tiro sooiul position ; you liavo dono ovary- thing for me in a worldly sonso ; but, fatbor, you novor told mo how to dio. Now I am dying, and I am afraid." In this list of irrovocnblo mistakes, I place also tho unkinducsscs dono to tho dopartod. When I wns a boy, my mothor nsod to say to mo somotimos, " Do Witt, you will be sorry for that when I am gone." And I remember just how slio looked, sitting there with cap and spcctaoles, and the old Bible in lior lap ; and she nover suid a truer tiling than that, for I liavo ofton been sorry ainco. Whilo wo liavo our friends with us, wo say un guarde things that wound thofoolinga of thoso to whom wo ought to givo nothing but kind ness. Perhaps tho paront, without inquiring into tho matter, boxes tho child's cars. Tlio littlo ono, who has fallou in tho stroot, comes in oovorcd with dust, nnd, as though tbo first diBustor was not onough, sho whips it. Aftor a whilo tlio child is takon, or tho parent is takou, or tho compunion is taken, nnd those who aro loft say, "Oh, if wo could only got baok thoso unkind words ; if we could only reoall thom !" But you cannot got them lmok. Thoro is another sin that I place iu tho olnss of irroyooublom)BtnkG8, und that is lost oppor tunities of getting goad. I novor oomo to a Saturday night but I can seo tlmt during that wook I liavo missod opportunities of gotting good. I novor como to my birthday but I can son thnt I liavo wasted many olianoos of gotting bottor. I novor go homo on Snbbatli from tho disoussion of a roligious theino without feeling that I might liavo dono it in a moro successful way. How is it with you ? Thoro is ono moro class of sins that I put in this category of irrovooablo bIub, and tliut is lost opportunities of usefulness. Your business pavlnor is a proud man. In ordinary uiroum- stanned, sny. to him, "Boliovo in Christ," and lio will say, " You mind your business, und I'll mind mine," But thoro has boon ufillotiou In the household. His heart is tomlor. Ho in looking around for sympathy undsolaoo. Now is your thuo. KputtW/jpoiiK, or for ovov hold your poaoo- Thoro is a timo in farm-hfo when you plant tlio corn aud when you sow tlio socd. Lot that go by, and tho farmor will wring his hands whilo other husbundmon are gathering in tho shiavos. You ore iu a religious mooting, und there is an opportunity for you to spoulc a word for Christ. You say, "I must doit." Your olieelc flushes with embarrass ment. You riso half way, but you cowor boforo mon whose breath is in thoir nos trils, and you fall back, and t tho oppor tunity is gone, and all eternity will feel tbo . offeot of your silence. Try to got baok tlmt opportunity ! You cannot find it. Romorabor that tnoro aro wrongs und sins that can novor bo corrected ; that our privileges fly not in clrolos, but iii n straight lino ; that tlio lightnings havo not as Bvrift feet as our privi leges when tlioy aro gono ; and lot an oppor tunity of salvation go by us an inch, tho one- hundredth part of an inch, tho thousandth part of nn inoli, and no man can overtake it. Firo- winged seraphim cannot como up with it. Tho eternal God Himself cnimot catch it. I stand boforo thoso who havo a glorious birthright. Esau's was not so rich us yours. Soil it onco and you soil it for over. I remember tho story of tho lad on tho Arctic somo years ago— the lad Stewart Holland. A vessol crashed into the Arctic in the timo of a fog, and it war foun(l tlmt tho ship must go down. Somo of tho passengers got off in the lifohoats, some got off on rafts ; but threo hundred went to tho bottom. During all thoso hours Holland stood at tho signal gun, nnd it sounded across tho ac», " Boom ! boom ! " Tho helmsman forsook his plucc, tho engineer was gono, and somo fainted and somo prayed and some blnsphomcd ; and the powder was gone, and thoy could no more set on tho signal gun. The lad broke in the magazine, and brought out moro powder ; and again tlio gun boomed over tho sea. Oil, my friends, tossed on tho rough sous of lifo, some hu vo takon tho warning, liavo gono off in tho lifeboat, und thoy aro safe ; but others aro not making any nttcmptto escape. So I stand ut thin signal gun of tho Gospel, sounding the alarm. Beware! Bcwnro! " Now is the accepted limo ; now is tho day of salvation." Hour it, that your soul may live ! 