CHAPTER III. A HOME OP ANCIENT PEACE. The hunting was nearly over by (be time Allan Carew bad established himself at Beeoh buret and completed bis stnd. The selection of half a dozen hnnters had given him an excuse for running up to London onoe or twice a week; and he had found the conve nience of express trains between Salisbury and Waterloo as oompared with the slow and ' soanty train service betwesn Fendyke and' Cambridge, which made a journey from his• native village a trial of youthful patience. , London wsb full of pleasant people at this after-Faster season, so Allan took his timo at Tattereall'e, saw his friends, dined them, at dined with them, at those clubB whiob young ' men most affect, went to his 'favourite theatres, rode in the park, and saw. a race] or two at Sundown, all in the" process of buying" his horses; but at last thestud was complete, and his stud-groom', a' man he had brought from Suffolk, tbe man who taught him to ride, had shaken a wise head and told his young master to stop baying. ■ " You've got just as many as you oan use, Mr. Allan,"he Baid, "and if you buy another one it 'ud mean another b'y, and we shall have b'ys enough for me to keep in order as it is." So Allan held his hand. " And now I am a country gentleman," be said, "and 1 must go and live on my acres." Everybody in the neighbourhood wanted to know him. He was under none of the disad vantages of the new man about whom people have to ask each other, " Who is he!" Ho came to Matcham with the best possible cre dentials. His father was a man of old family, againBt whose name no evil thing had ever been written. His mother wag an earls daughter; and the estate which was hie had been left him by a man whose memory was re spected in the neighbourhood—a man of easy temper and open hand, a hind master and a stanch friend. Allan found his hall table covered with cards when he returned from bis London holiday, and be was occupied for the next fortnight iu returning -the oalls that had been made lor the most part in his absence. To a shy young man this business of returning calls in an unknown land would have been terrible—invading unfamiliar drawing-rooms and seeing strange faces, wondering which of two matrons was his hostess and which the friend or sister-in-law—an ordeal as awful as any mediicral torture ; butAllan was not shy, and he acoepted the situation with a winning ease which pleased everybody. When he blundered —and his blunders were rare — he laughed at his mistake, and turned it into a jest that served to help through the first five minutes of small talk. He had a quiok eye, and in a room full of people aaw at a glance the welcoming smile and extended hand which marked his hostess. " Quito an acquisition to the neighbourhood," said everybody, and the mothers of marriageable daughters were as eager to improve the acquaintance as Jane Austen's illimitable Mrs. Bennett wae to cul tivate the irreproachable Bingley. In the course of that round of visits Allan contrived to find out a good deal about - the neighbourhood which was lienoeforward to be his home. Ho discovered that it was above all a hunting neighbourhood ; but that it was also a shooting neighbourhood; and that there was bad blood between the men who wanted to preserve pheasants and the man who wanted to hunt [oxaa. From the point of view of the rights of property, the ehootere would appear to be iu their right, sinco they only wanted to I feed and foster birds on their own land; while tlio hunting-man — were he but the eeason-ticket holding solicitor from Blooms bury—wanted to bunt his fox over land which belonged to another man, and to spoil that other man'e costly eport in the pursuit of a pleasure which cost bim, the season-ticket holder, at most a stingy subscription to the hunt lie affected. But, on the other hand, hunting is a strictly national eport, and shooting ie a selfish hole-and-corner kind of pleasure ; so the hunting- men claimed imme morial rights and privileges as against the owners of woods and copses and hatchers of pheasants. Allan found another and more universal eport also in the ascendant ntMateham. The neighbourhood hnd taken lately to golf, and that game had found favour with old and young of both sexes. Everybody could not hunt, but everybody could play golf, or, al least, look on from a respectful distance v/hile golf was being played. The golf links on fifatcham Common had thersfore become the most popular institution in the neighbour hood, and people came from afar to seethe young ladies of Matcham contest for the bangles and photograph frames which the Golf Olub offered as a reward of the strong arm and the accurate eye. Allau, who could turn his hand to most things in the way of physical exercise, was able to hold his own with the member of the Golf Club, and speedily beoome a familiar figure on the links. Here, as elsewhere, be met people who told him he was like Geoffrey Wornook, and who praised Wornock's skill at golf just as other people had praiBed his riding or bis shooting. "He seems to be something of a Crichtop, this Wornock of yours," Allan said sometimes with a suspicion of annoyance. He was sick of being told of his likeness to this man whom he had never seen — weary of hearing the likeness diseussod in his presence, weary of being told tbat the reseinbluncewas in expression rather than in actual feature; that there was an indefinable something in bis face which recalled Wornook in an absolutely startling manner; while tlio details of that face taken separately were in many respeots unliV o Wornock's face. " Vet it is more than what is generally called a family likeness," said Mrs. Morning ton, of the Grove, a personage in the neigh bourhood, and the cleverest woman amongst Allan's new acquaintances. "It is the individuality, the life and movement of the face that are the some. The likenesB is a likeness of light and shade rather than of line and colour." There was a curious feeling in Allan's mind by the time this kind of tbiug had been said 1 to Mm in different forms of speech by nearly j • everybody he knew in' Matobam — a feeling V whiob partly irritation, partly interest in the man whose outward likeness to himself might 1 : be allied with some identity of mind and in- j olinatiane. _ j " I wonder whether I shall like him very much, or hate him very much," he said to Mrs. Mornington. "I feel sure I must do one or j the other," " You cannot help liking him. He iB not the kind of man for anybody to hate," answered the lady quiokly; and then-growing suddenly thoughtful, she added, "You may 1 find a something wanting in his character, pBrhape; but you cannot dislike him. He ie thoroughly likeable." " What ie the something wanting which you have found 1" ".I did not say I had found"— " Oh, bat you would have suggested that I might discover the weak spot if you bad not found it yourself!" " You are as searching as a cross-examining counsel," said Mrs. Mornington, laughing at him. "Well, I will be perfectly frank with you. To my mind Geoffrey's oharaoter suffers from the fault whiob doctors — speaking of a patient's physical condition — call want of tone. There is want of mental tone in Geoffrey. I have known him from a boy. I likeliim; I admire hie talents. He and my tons were at Eton together. I have seen more of him perhaps than any one else in this neighbourhood. 1 like him — I am sorry for Mm." Why sorry ? Has ho not all the good things of this world V "Not all. He lost his father before be was .five years old ; and bis mother is I fear a poor creature." " Eccentric, I understand." " Lamentably so — a woman who isolates herself from all the people whose eooiety would do her good, and who opens ber door to any Bpirit-rappiug charlatan whose tricks become public talk. Poor thing 1 .One ought to be angry with her, but it is provoking to see such a plaoeaB_ Disoombe in the posses sionof a woman who is utterly unable to fill the position to which ehe bee been elevated." "Who was Mrs. Wornock before she beoame Mrs. Wornook 1 I have heard hiDts"— " Yes, and you are never likely to hear more than bints," retorted Mrs. Mornington impatiently. "Nobody in this neighbour hood knows who Mrs. Wornook was. No creature of her kith or kin has ever been seen at Disoombo. I don't suppose her son knows anything more of her antecedents than you or I. Old Squire Wornook left Disoombe about seven and twenty years ago to drink the waters of some obaoure spring in Bohemia—a place nobody hereabouts bad ever heard of. He was past sixty when he set out on that journey, a confirmed bachelor. One would as scon have expected him to bring back the moon as to bring a wife, but, to the utter atupefaotion of all his friends and aoquain tanoe, he returned with a pretty - looking delioate young oreature he had married in Germany—at Dresden, I believe — and who looked muoh more like dying within the next five years than he did." "Did he introduce her to his neighbours? Was she well reoeived ?" " Ob, she was received well enough. Mr. Wornock was not the kind of man to marry a disreputable person. People took her on trust. She seemed painfully shy, and her only merit ia society was that she sang very prettily. Everybody oalled upon her, but she did not respond warmly to our advanoes; and about six months after her marriage there were rumours of an alarming kind about her health—her mental health. Our own good little doctor, dear old Mr. Podtnore, who had attended three generations of Womooks, shook his head when he was questioned, about her. "Was itserious?" people asked—fori sup pose you know that in a neighbourhood as rustic as ours if the doctor's carriage is Been at a particular house very often people will ask questions of that doctor. Yes, it was very seriouB. We never got beyond that. Mr. Podmoio was loyal to bis patient, fondly as he loves a gossip. By-BDd-by we beard that Mr. Wornook had taken his young wife off to Switzerland. He who in his earlier life had seemed rooted to the soil was off again to the Continent, and Disoombe was shut up once more. I'm afraid we all hated poor Mrs. Wornook. In a neighbourhood like ours one detests anybody who disturbs the pleasant order of daily life. Dinners and hunting breakfasts at Disoombe were an element in our daily lives, and we resented their cessa tion. When I say we I mean, of oourse, our menfolk," " Vv ere your men-folk long deprived of Mr. Wornock's hospitalities?" "For ever," answered Mrs. Mornington, Bolemnly. "The Wornooks bad only gone half a year or bo when we read the announcement of a eon and heir, born at Grindelwald in the depth of winter. A nioe plate for the future owner of Disoombe to be born in — Grindel wald — at the sign of the Bear 1 We were all indignant at the absurdity of the thing. This oom»8 of an old man marrying a nobody, we said. Well, Mr. Oarenr, it wae ages before we saw anything more of the Wornocks. Geoffrey must have been three or four yeare old when hie father and mother brought him to the bouBB in whioh he ought to have been born— a poor little fragile Frenchified object hang ing on to a French bonne, and speaking nothing but French. Not one aentenoe of hie native tongue did the little wretch utter for a year or two after he appeared amongst ua 1" Allan laughed heartily at Mrs. Morning ton'a indignant recital of this ancient history. Her disgust wae as fresh and as vigorous as if she were desoribing the events of yesterday. " Was be a nice child ?" he askod, when they had both bad their laugh. "Nice? Well, yea, he was nioe, jnst as a Frenoh poodle is nioe. He was very active and intelligent - hyper-active, hyper-intelli gent. He frightened me. But the Wornooks and the Morningtons had been close friends from generation to generation, eo I oould not help taking ail interest in the brat, and I would have been a oordial friend of the brat's mother for poor old Wornook's sake, if ahB would have let me. But she wouldn't, or Btie oould n't, respond to a sensible matter-of-fact woman's friendly advances. The poor thing was in the clonds then, and she ib in the clouds now. She has never come down to earth. Musio, spirit-rapping, thought-reading, slate-writing - what oan one expect of a woman who gives all her mind to suoh things as those? — a woman who lets her house keeper manage everything from oellar to garret, and who has bo will of her own in her garden and hothouses? I have known Mrs. Woruook seven and twenty years, and I know no more of her now than I knew when she oame a stranger to Disoombe. I oall upon her three or four times a year, and she returns my oalls, and Bits in my drawing room for twenty minutes or eo looking miserable and longing to go. What oan one do with euob a woman ?" "Is it sheer stupidity, do you think?" "Stupidity! No, I think not. She hat Anything bat a stupid expression of counts-. nance. She has an air of spirituality; as of a nature above the oommon world, wbioh oan not come down to oommon things. I am told that in music she is really « genius; that her powers of oritioism and appreciation are of the highest order. She plays exquisitely, both organ and piano. She has, or had, a heavenly soprano voice ; bat I have not heard her eing since Geoffrey's birth." "She must be interesting," said Allan with conviction. "She is interesting—only she won't let one be interested in her. " Oan one get a look at her? Does she go to Matcham Church ?" " Never. That is another of her eccentrici ties. She either goes to that funny little old Obureh you may have noticed right among the fields — Filbury Parish Church — nearly six miles fro-o Disoombe, or she drives thirteen miles to Salisbury Cathedral. I believe she sometimes plays the orgaD at Filbury. The organ was her gift, by-tbe-way. They bad only a wretched harmonium when she oame to DiBoombe." ! " I shall go to Filbury Churoh next Sun- i day."eaid Allan. "Shall you 7 I hope you are not forgetting the lapse of time. This interesting widow is only interesting from a psycbologioal stand point, remember. She must be five and forty years of age. Not even Cleopatra would have been interesting at forty-five." " I am under nohallucination aa to the lady's age. I want to see the mother of Geoffrey Wornook. Is is Geoffrey Wornock in whom I am interested." "Egotistical person! Only because Geof frey is like you." " Is there any man living who would not be interested in his double?" "Ah, but he ie not your double! The village mind ie given to exaggeration. Hehaa not your firm chin nor your thoughtful brow. His faoe is a reminiscence of yours. It is weaker in every characteristic, in every line. You are the substance, he the reflection." "Nowyou are laughing at my egotism and developing toy vanity." " No, believe ine, no !" protested Mrs. Mornington gaily. "I see you both with all your defeots and qualities. You have the stronger oharaoter, but you have not (Geof frey's fascinating personality. His very faults are attractive. He iB by no means effeminate ; yet there is a something womanish in his nature which makes women fond of him. He has inherited his mother's sensitive, dreamy temperament. I feel sure he would see a ghost if there were one in the neighbourhood. The ghost would go to him instinctively as dogs go unbidden to certain people — some times to people who don't oare about them ; while the genuine dog-lover may be doing his best to attraot bow-wow's attention and failing ignominiously." " Every word you say increases my interest ! in Mr. Wornock. In a neighbourhood like this, where everybody is sensible and oommon plaoe and conventional, excepting alwaye yonr brilliant self"— Mrs. Mornington codded and put her feet on the fender— "it is so de lightful tu meet some one who does not move just on the common lines and is not worked by the oommon machinery." "You will find nothing oommon about . Geoffrey," said the lady. " I have known bim Binoe he was a little white boy in a blaok velvet snit, and he was just as enigmatical to j me the day he left for Bombay as be w»s on his seventh birthday. I know that he has winning manners, and that 1 am very fond of him; and that is all I know about him." Allan drove to I'ilbury on the following Sunday and was in bis place in the little old parish Ohuroh ten minutes before the servico began. The high oak powe were not favour able to his getting a good view of the congre gation, since when seated the top of his bead was only on a level with the top of his pew ; but by leaving the doorof the pew ajar be contrived to see Mre. Woruock as Bhe went up j the narrow aisle — nave there was none, the pews forming a solid square in the centre of the Church. Yes, be was assured that slim, graoeful figure in a plain grey cashmere gown and groy straw bonnet must be Mrs. Wornock and no other. Indeed, the inference was easily arrived at, for the rest of the congrega tion belonged obviously to tbe small tenant farmer and agricultural labourer class—tbe women folk homely and ruddy-obesked, tbe men ponderous and ill at ease in their Sunday olothes. The lady in the grey flown made her way quietly to a pew that oooupied the angle ot" ahe Gliuioh nearest the pulpit and reading desk—the old threedeoker arrangement, for olerk, parson, and preacher, Mr. VVornook was patron of the living of Filbury and Dis combe, and this large pew had belonged to the Wornocks ever since the rebuilding of the Ohuroh in Oharles the Second's reign, a year or two after the manor-bouBe was built, when the estate, wbioh had hitherto been an out lying possession of the Wornocke, became their place of residenoe and most important property. Allan oould see only the lady's profile from Mb place in the body of the Churoh—a delicate profile, worn as if with long years of thoughtful ness ; a sweet, sad face that had lost all fresh ness of oolouriug, but had gained the spiritual beauty which grows in thought and solitude where there are no vulgRr oares to harass and vex the mind. A pensive peacefulness was the chief oharaotoristio of the face Allan thought when the lady turned towards the organ during the Te Ileum, listening to the village voices which sang truer than village voioeB generally do. Allan submitted to the slow torture of a very long sermon about nothing particular, od a text in Nehemiah, wbioh suggested not the faintest bearing on the Christian life-^a sermon preached by an elderly gentleman in a blaok silk gown, whose eloquence would have been more impressive had his false teeth been a better fit. After the sermon there was a hymn, and the old-fashioned plate was carried round by a blacksmith, whom Allan reoog nised as a man who had fastened his hunter's shoe one day at a little forge or the outskirts of Filbury in the midst of a run ; and then the little congregation quietly di- poreed, after an exchange of friendly greetings between the Church dour and the lychgate. Allen's gig was waiting for him near the gate, and a Victoria, on which he reoognieed the Wornook crest—a dolphin crowned—stood in the shade of a row of limes, whioh marked the boundary of the vicarage garden. Allan waited a little, expecting to see Mrs. Wor nock come out; and then as she did not appear, he re-entered the chnrohyard, anc| straved among moss-mantled tombstones, reading the village names, the village histo ries of birth and death, musing as he read | upon the long eventless yearB wbioh make the sum of ruetio lives. The blue pure aky, the perfume of a bean field in flower, the hawthorns in undulating masses of snowy blossom, and here and there in the angles of the meadows the heaped-up gold of furze bushes that were more bloom' thau bush—all these made life to-day a sensu ous delight whioh exaoted no questionings of the intelleob, suggested no doubt as to the bliss of living, If it were always thus—a crustof bread and i cheese under suob a sky, a bed in the hollow I of yonder bank between bean-field and clover, would euffioe for a man's content. Allan : thought as he stood on a knoll in "God's acre, and looked down upon the meadows that rose and fell over ridge and hollow with gentle un dulations between Filbnry and Disoombe. What had become of Mrs. Wornock? He had make the oirouit of the burial-ground, pausing often to read an epitaph, but never relaxing bis watchfulness of the oarrisge yonder, waiting under the limes. The car riage was there still, and there was no sign of Mrs. Wornock. Was there a celebartion? No; he had seen alltheooDgregatinn leave the Oburob except the mistress of that curtained pew in the corner near the pulpit. Presently tho broad Btrong chords of a prelude were uoured out upon the still air—a prelude by Sebastian Bach, masterful, im posing, followed by a fugue, whose delioate intrioaoies were exquisitely rendered by tbe player. Standing ib tbe sunshine listening to that grand music Allan remembered what Mrs. Mornington had told him. The player was Mrs. Wornock. He had . seen the profes sional organist and schoolmaster leave the Ohurobwitb bis flock of village boys, Mrs. Wornook had lingered in the Oburoh to gratify herself with the musio she loved. He saun tered and loitered near the open window, listening to the mneio for nearlyan hour. Then the organ sounds melted away in one last long rallentando, and presently he beard the besvy old key turn in the heavy old look, and i the lady in grey came slowly along the path to the lych-ratB, followed by a olumsv boy, who looked like a smaller edition of the black smith. Allan stood within a few yards of the pathway to see ber go by, hoping to De himself unobserved, screened by the angle of an old monument, where rust had eaten away the railing, and moss and liohen had enorus'ed the pompous Latin epitaph, while the dense growth of ivy had muffled the funeral urn. Here, in the shadow of ostentation's futile monument he waited for that slender and still youthful form to pass. In figure the widow of twenty yean looked like a girl, and 'hefaoe which turned quickly towards Allan, her keen ear having caught the rustle of the long grass under his tread, had the delioaoy of outline and transparent fairness of youth. The cheek had lost its girlish roundness, and the large grey eye was somewhat sunken beneath the thoughtful brow. Involuntarily Allan recalled a long familiar line— Thy cheek is pale with thought and not with care. That expression of tranquil thoughtfulnesB changed in an instant as she looked at him ; changed to astonishment, interrogation, whioh gradually softened to a grave curiosity, an anxious scru'iny. Then, as if becoming sud denly aware of her breach of good manners, the heavy eyelids sunk, and a faint blush coloured the thin cheeks, and she hurried on ward to the gate, where her oarriagehad drawn up in readiness for her. Her footman, in a sober brown livery, was holding the gate open for her. Her horseB were shaking their bridles. She stepped lightly into the Victoria, nodding an adieu to the sohoolboy who had blown the organ bellows, and vanished into the leafy distance of the lane. "So that is my double's mother. An in teresting face, a graceful figure, and a lady to the tips of her fingers, Whether she is county or not oounty, Geoffrey ""ornook has no cause to he ashamed of his mother. Nothing would induce me to think ill of that woman." He brooded on that startled expression whioh had flashed anross Mrs. Wornook's faco j as she looked at him. Clearly she, too, had i seen the likeness whioh he bore to her son. " I wonder whether it pains ber to be reminded of him when he is far away," speculated Allan, " or whether she feels kindly towards me for the Bake of that absent eon V' This question of his was answered three days later by the ladv's own hand. Among the letters on Allan's breakfast-table on Wed nesday morning there was one in a strange penmanship, which took hie breath away, for on the envelope, in bold brown letters, appeared the address, Disoombe Manor. He thrust all his other letters aside—those uninteresting lettPrB which besiege the man who is supposed to have money to spend, from tradesmen who want to work for him, chari ties who want to do good for him, stook jnhbers who want to speculate for him—the whole race of spiders in quest of the worried flv. He tore open the letter from Diecoinbe Manor, aud eagerly devoured the following lineB '* Dear Sir— "' People tell me that you are kind and amiable, Nuid I ana emboldened hy this assurance to ask yon a favour. Etiquette for bids me to oall upon you, and ae I rarely visit anvbodv T have no opportunity of meeting you casually in the housea of other people, but you can, if you like, gratify a solitary woman by letting her make your acquaintance in her own house; and perhaps when nay son comes home on leave the acquaintance so begun may ripen into friendship. I dare eay people have told vou that you are like bim, and you will hardly wonder at my wishing to see more of a" faoe thst reminds me of my nearest and dearest. " I am generally at home in the afternoon. " Very truly yonre, "E. wORNOCK." " E. Wornook !" he repeated, studying the signature. " Why no Christian name? And what ie the name which that initial repre sents? Eliza perhaps — and she sinks it, thinking it common and liousemaidiah—for get' ing how Ben Joneon hy that houee maidish name does designate the mo't glorious of oueens. _ Possibly Ellen—a milk and-water name, with less of dignity than Eliza; or Em-'ly, my mother's name—graceful hut Romewhat oolonrless. I have never thought it good enouph for so fine a oharaoter an tnv mother. She should have been ICatherine or Margaret, Gertrude or Barbara, names that have a fulness of sound whioh im plies fulness of meaning. I will oall at Dis norohe Manor this afternoon. Delay would be to the last degree ohtirlish—and T want to see what Geoffrey Wornock's home is like." The afternoon was warm and sunny, and Allan made a leisurely nircuitof the obase and park of Disoombe on Mb way to Mrs. Wor nook's house. The beauty of the Manor consisted as mnob in the perfection of detail as in the grandeur of the amotion or iheextralof gardensiuid: park. The mansionwa* Dot strikingly archi tectural nor even strikingly picturesque. It was seober old b'riok house, -with a high, tiled (oof, and level .rows of windows—those of the upper, story were the original lattices of 1664, the date of tbehouse; but on the lower floors tnullions and lattioes had given place to long French windows, of a uniform nnpiotnresque flatness, opening on a broad gravel walk, beyond whioh the smooth-shaven grass sloped gently to the edge of a moat, for Mrs. VVor nock's house was one of those moated manor bouses of wbioh there are eo few left in the south of England. The gardens surrounding that grave- looking Carolian house had attained the ideal of horticultural beauty under many generations of garden ■ lovers, the ideal of old-fashioned beauty, be it understood; the beauty of clipped hedges and sunk lawns, walls of ilex and of yew, solemn avenues of obelisk-Bbaped conifers, labyrinths, arches, temple8,and aroades ofroBes, teunu-lawns, and bowling-greens, broad bordersof old-fashioned perennials, olnmpe and masses of vivid colour, placed with art that seemed aooidental wherever a spot of bright colour waB wanted to relieve the verdant monotony. If the gardens wereperfeot, the house, farm, and cottages wsre even more attractive in ; their arcadian graoe. Quaint roofe and massive chimney staoks, lattices, porches, snndials, of a day that iB dead, gardens brim ming over with flowers, trim pathways, shining panes, everywhere a.spotlesB oleanli ness, a wealth of foliage, an air of prosperous fatness, beehives, poultry, cattle, all the eigne and token of dependence for whom much is done, and whose dwellings flourish at some body else's expense. Allan noted the cottage which bore the Wornook " W." above the dateof the building —he noted them but lost count of their number — keeper's lodges in the woodland which skirted the park—gardener's or dairy men's oottages at every park gate; farmhouBO and bailiff's house; oottages for aoaohmen and helpers. At every available angle where gable, roof, and quaint old chimney stack could make a pioturesque feature in the land scape a cottage had been plac-ed, and the number of tbese ideal dwellinga suggested territorial importance in a manner more obvious than any effeot made by the mere extent of acreage, a thing that is talked about but not seen. Diaoombe obese, the Disoombe lodges, and the village and Bchool-houEe, ot Disoombe were obvious faots which impressed the stranger. That sweetly pensivefaoeof Mrs. Wornook's bad slain the viper envy in Allan's breast. When first he. rode through those woods and over those undulating pastures and by those gables embowered in roses and wisteria, or starred with the pale blue clematis, he had felt a certain sour discontent with his own good fortune, about whioh people, from his mother down to the acquaintance of yesterday, prat tled and prosed so officiously. He was sick of hearing himself called a luoky fellow. Duck, forsooth 1 What was his luck oompared with Geoffrey Wornook's? That a bachelor uncle of his, having soraped together a modest little fortune, and not being able to earry it with him to the nether world, should have passed it on to him, Allan, was not Buoh a strange event as to warrant the running commentary of congratulation that had assailed bis ear ever srince he came to Matoham. No one con gratulated Geoffrey Wornock. Nobody talked of his good luck. He had been born in the purple, and people spoke of hi at as of one having a divine right to the best things that this earth oan give—to a f 'arolian mansion, and oha«e and park, and wide-spreading farms. There seemed to Allan Oarew's self consoiousnesB an implied disparagement of himself in the tone whioh Matoham people took about Geoffrey Wornock. They in a manner congratulated bim on his likeness to the Lord of Disoombe Manor, and insinuated that be ought to be proud of himself because of his resemblance to the local magnate. To-day, however, Allan forgot all those in finitesimal vexations which in the beginning of his residence at Matoham bad made the name of Wornook odious to him. His thoughts were full of that palo sad faoe, tbe wasted oheeks, the heavy eyelids, the somewhat eiokly transparency of complexion, the large violet eyes, whioh lit np the whole face as with a light that is not of this world. It was the most spirituel countenance hf had ever seen— the first faoe which had ever suggested to bim the epithet ethereal. He remembered what society had told him about Mrs. Wornock ; ber encouragement of spirit-rapping people and thought-reading people, and every phaBa of modern snper Daturalism ; her passion for mu«io—a passion so absorbing as almost to pass the borderline of sanity; at least in the opinion of the com monplace sane. He wondered no longer that such a woman had beld hereelf aloof from the hunting, and ehooting, and dinner-giving, and tea-drinking population scattered wiihin a radius of eight or ten miles of Disoombe; the people with whom had she lived, the conven tional life of the conventional lady, ehe would have been on intimate terme. She was among them, but not of them, Allan told himself. " Surely I'm not in love with a woman old enough to be my mother}" he thought, between jest and earnest, as he drove up to the house. " I have not thought so persistently of any woman since the dean'e pretty daughter, fairest and IaBt of my calf loves." He was not wholly in jest, for during the last three days the lady's image bad haunted him with an insiatenoy tliat bordered on "pos- I session." It was as if those dark-grey eyes had cast a spell upon him, and as if he must | neede wait until the enchantress who held bim in her mystio bands should deign unweave ber mystery and set his thoughts at liberty. The hall-door etood open to the summer nir and the afternoon sun. A large black poodle, with an air of ineffable wisdom, was stretched near the threshold; a liver-end-white St. Bernard sunned his hairy hulk upon the grass in front of the steps ; and on the broad terrace to the right of the house a peacock spread the rainbow splendour of his tail, and strutted in stately slowness towards the sun. " House and garden belong to fairyland," thonght Allan. "The enchantress has but tp wave her wand and fix the pioture for a century. We may have extended the limit of human life a hundred years hence, and Mrs. Wornook's age may count as girlhood when some gay yonng prinne of fifty-five shall ride through the tangled woodland to awaken the sleeper. Who can tell ? * We know what we are, but we know not what we may be.'" | 