PRISON SKETCHES. THE Rev. H. F. Scott, for about twelve years chaplain of the Melbourne Gaol, delivered a lecture under the auspices of the Footscray brinch of the A.N A., at the lodgeroom, Royal Hall on Thursday evening to a fair audience, a number of ladies being present. The Rev. lecturer in opening dealt with the abstract moral and physical effects of incarcer- ation; and gave descriptions of the several wards into which the prison was divided, wi!h illustrations of the food supplied, the exercise given and the library for the the use of prisoners. Afterwards he then gave some highly interesting sketches of typical prisoners instancing one of an old woman who was about to be released after nineteen years im- prisonment, and who, on looking over her clothing and dresses, which had been stored up for her during all that period, said mourn- fully "Oh! How the fashions well have changed by this time." Another old woman of 94 whose only crime was that of poverty, was also instanced, and the speaker hoped that the Australian Natives, who had stepped into the rights and privileges obtained for them by their fathers, would use all their influence to bring about some better means of dealing with poverty and old age, than by sending such un- fortunates to jail. It was a disgrace to our civilization that such things should be. One old woman 90 years of age had been run in as a vagrant, and when informed she would have to get a bath, pathetically appealed to the chaplain to avert that catastrophe, as "she had not had a bath for 90 years." He did succeed in having the water warmed for her. The bathing process was in many cases found to be absolutely indispensable on account of the state of filth of many of the vagrants received. The first night of those run in was most un- comfortable, sleep was impossible and much misery was endured. The rules of the prison were that all prisoners should get up at six o'clock a.m. They were allowed to write to their friends once in three months, and to be visited once a month. To those who were committed for trial and awaiting it, the accom- modation was shocking, even though they might be innocent and were certainly not yet found guilty. Some reforms respecting the accommodation and shelter in the exercise yards for that class of persons detained was absolutely necessary, With respect to the differences of sentences, Mr Scott said it appeared that offences against property were much more severely dealt with than those against persons. He instanced the case of three men who said they had been put away by a mate, and had ten years for robbery, while as one of them said, if he had mauled a man about or half-murdered him the sentence would have been one to four years. In cases of forgery, a man might be sentenced to eighteen months in prison leaving his helpless wife and children to misery and want, or even much worse on the part of the woman. Brutes under the name of men, who abused children should have the lash, sharp and strong, and the late castigator had always a soft spot in his heart for females, and laid it on with a will to those guilty of cruelty or abuse to women and children. In the bail yard were some 30 to 40, who either from contempt of court by failing to pay on a judge's order, or through being unable to find bail securities were detained. It seemed most irrational that a man who could not pay an order made against him for the support of his wife and could not find sureties that he would do so, should be locked up and so prevented from earning any money at all. When the bread- winner was in gaol, what could the unfortunate wife do? Fre- quently they drifted from the pawn shop to the streets, and became criminals themselves. It was a senseless system, absurd and per- nicious to shut up men to be maintained in idle- ness at the cost of the honest ratepayers. The hard labour, yard, breaking stones, pick- ing oakum, etc., was badly managed. In the breaking yard there were some t50 hammers going, but only at the Government stroke. The yard was open to all weathers, heat or cold, as it might be. One man complained bitterly that he had to break stones over Ned Kelly's grave, who had been buried in that yard and was afraid his ghost would haunt him. Occasionally a fight took place, but was quickly subdued as the men were under the rifle of the sentry, who could cover any of them from his look out. The punishment for such a break out was usually a few days' solitary and short rations. Amongst the most degraded of the class was the larrikin tribe, who were quite willing to be sup- ported in idleness by the money earned by their wives or mistresses from prostitution and some very sad reminiscences were given of that class. The condemned cell and its fearful associations were briefly touched upon, and the lecturer then gave a few minutes to the causation of crime. Some were born hereditary criminals, from bad stocks, under the very worst circumstances in bringing up. With every man's band against them, at war it with society from the first. Others were turned into crime by sudden fits of passion. Some by direct poverty and privation, but a geat number from the desire of display and show. In men, racing, gambling and drink- ing were fruitful causes, in women, love of ex- pensive dresses and excitement were common causes of crime. Reference was made to the swindler Captain Dandy, alias Captain Burney, etc. etc , who figured as Lord Car- rington and others, and had actually been received at Government House and spent some time there. He was now doing a sent- ence of eighteen months, and acknowledged having had a "high o'd time of it" while it lasted. In the jail hospital were cases of women dying from the effects of men's selfish- ness and cruelty. As a means of grappling with incipient crime the lecturer advocated the teaching and example of thrift and good home associations; and a few examples of prison poetry brought a most interesting lecture to a close. A cordial vote of thanks to Mr Scott for his very instructive and entertaining remarks was given on the motion of the president, Mr J. S, Johnson, supported by Messrs Barr and Thompson, and duly acknow- ledged. 