COURSING NOTES. [Bt Ebknilc.] Since my last the Quorn club has had its draw. The stake was overful and a lew good dogs were drawn out, Carry the News being one of them. This fine slut was bred by Mr. Dnfton Fitzroy, and was nominated by that excellent sportsman, Mr. Tanner, of Quora I should have been very pleased to have heard that he had won the Quoru stake with her, hut that cannot be now. I hope he will be more fortunate with his next nomination. The Bnrra fixtures were more successful formerly than of late years; but no fault can be found with those in charge of the meetings, as there is not the slightest doubt they do their best to promote the nohle sport of coursing, and there are some excellent men ounuocted with the club. This club generally holds its meetings eaxly. Last season it bad splendid nomina tions and the stake was over-applied for, bat owing to atmospheric influences and scarcity of game, the -clu,b wisely divided the stake among the five remaining dogs. I wish every club would adopt the same sensible plan. There ought to be a great dash of the Celtic blood in the Burra people, and I am confident it only wants oppor tunity to manifest itself m the noble and heroic sport of the chase. There can be no douht about the stability of the gentlemen connected with the Burra Coursing Club, and as long as they stick to their guns they must be victorious. The secretary (Mr. Parks), with such names as Pascoe, Neville, Babbich, Vivian, Crosby, and others, whose names I do not remember just now, should make any club a success. I respectfully ask theui to give the sport of their fore fathers (coursing) their best assistance. They have done so before and I hope they will continue it, commenoing at once to burnish up their coursing material fov a good meeting this season. Mr. F. Treloar, the general manager for Mr. Duncan, of Gum Creek Estate, has been a good sup porter of the club by allowing the use of the properly, and he has also judged for the club for the last two years. I have not the pleasure of knowing Sir. Treloar, but I am proud to have this opportunity of thanking him in the name of coursing men for his valuable assistance in that direction. ■ Petersburg is a smartish town, and a number of sporting people are to be found in it, from the plebeian, who cleans the railway carriage,, to the aristocratic pro fessional. One of the latter is Dr. Elliot, who likes s, good dog and is fond of sport of all varieties. He has all the noble aspiration of an unselfish man, as he heals the sick' and he encourages sport and amusement for others. By the way, his professional advice and physic are as good, if not better, than the administrations of dreamers who ant always prating about that beautiful place " beyond the stars." Dr. Elliott has a fair dog, Minstrel, and j his performance in the Waterloo Plate last ! season at Bur.tia.nd Park, when he was i runner-up to Isinglass, was a very good one. The unassuming T. J. Barrett, I hear, has got a dark one that he believes is a " wWallo w catcher." Well, I wish him good luck with it as he is a decent fellow, and I on the coursing field he is never without I the everlasting tonic, which he distributes to : the coursers irrespective of color and j nationality. Mr. Handle is an enthusiast j in all varieties of sport, and as a lover of the leash he is m the front rank. He is the proprietor of a nicc hrindle slut named Sea foam, and it is beautifnlly christened, as it is by fianwick out of Black Squall. Thanks, Mr. Handle for preserving gene alogy. I wish other dogowners would adopt his cultured style, as the breeds could then be traced so easily. Often j gentlemen tell me they have splendid dogs. I asked one liow is he bred. He replies that his name is Scorcher, out of Biddy by Marly's Ghost; another calls his dog Buster, out of Fly by Singapore. In a few removes the breed is not traceable, j and the dogs are not one-tenth so valuable ' as they would be if their names were classically arranged, Some of these days South Australia will produce a clinking good dog, as she has done before, worth hundreds of pounds, and it may be found with an outlandish name and no definite pedigree. Then the lucky possessor will find out when too late that his dog's name reduces his value—so in that case there is something in a name. The eluhs in South Australia should be j " nationalized," but I have not space to go | into that subject now, as I must hie back to Petersburg, whose club gave a splendid I stake of J 00 last year, but, unfortunately, | the meeting was not brought to a successful issue. However, I ho|K' it will have better luck this season as it deserves it for its pluck in offering such a stake. I attended the Petersburg meeting, and I saw more courses lun off in one paddock for the size <>f it than any other coursing field I have beeu on. I am confident last year's coursing failure was OA'ing to the soolums who have got that latent desire for blood and slaughter in their organiza tions, and are a plague b) coursing clubs when they are iu juxtaposition. The Petersburg club altered its date last seas g to please a f-.'w" toffy owum-s" who thought they had a mortsrasre ou ibo stake. This was " bad business," and showed a irieat weakness on the part of those in power, as also in making it- au open stake, and I question very much if the whole arrange ment was not illegal. I have not the slightest doubt but everything was fair and sqnare and the club did it for the best, but there are quite a number of tricks cou neclei with coursing that the Petersburg club has never dreamt of nor will ever have an opportunity of knowing, and I should like to see it managed by local men. and not be induced to alter its decisions to please two and displease fifty. For when any fixture is altered without a legitimate reason th- whole aff;iir shows au amount of vacillation that is not encouraging to dog owners, and they fancy " Dogtown," or, bi-tter known, Caltmvie, will be nejrt on the piogramme, when! will have a talk ab lut it and that unique do^irie man -A. McDonald. 