2k&SS0;©*3S6= =&. loy£« disappearan ce -fc h ere etood a brici building In the eabarbi cff the city ol Ala m e da, which wu a wagon- sh o p and a smithy combined. The place had more than a local reputation, on account of the excellence of ifc« work, Ihe smith being especially proficient in his dep artment, employing the art of a veterin ary surgeon in a rude bat successful way. Nor had he his equal in the country for putt a shoe on a horse, the most fractious animal submitting itself to hie skilled hand without demonstration. Indeed his inhn^nt. T-s-t!' whistled through his teeth in an indescribable manner, acted like a charm on the most «?<. ruly equine spirit. So 8tere Darner's forge was glowing when others were dark and silent, and his riyals nprtwed their dislike for him and his suc cesses in many ways. They sneered at him for a half-breeed and attributed his look to the arts of savagety. The smith did not care There was only one thing on earth for which he did care-that wu Ms beautiful daugh ter Pauline, the stately giri who would hare Kissed the most refined home in Hw ?fa»|»| but who had returned from school with no higher ambition than to serve in her fathers kitchen. There was little else to the whole abode, save the loft above, but it was as neat and dainty as loving hands could make it. None of the neighbouring houses had such quaint decorations. The wings of bright plumaged birds crossed on the walls. Bow and arrows tied with strings of wampum. Mawatn of soft skins, embroidered in rare patterns with many colored beads, unlike any work done by skilled American hands. For why! Pauline Darner was the daughter of an Tmftm princess, and inherited her right to do such work, for her instincts were those of her mother's pictureeque people, the Tultisas, whose name means art and who are woMi nomads nor idolaters, but a people who are past masters in all the arts and When the dark-skinned young wife of Steve Darner died, be went back to civilisa tion to find himself an aiie i and his bright eved baby equaw, his little woman, an object of impertinent curiosity. *A marriage with a equaw is no marriage at all in the eyes of white law.' said the good people who sustain missions for Christianis ing the Indiens, and they then signified their willingness to receive the child barbarian as a ward of the nation. But Steve Damer was loyal to the memory of his dead wife m«1 her people, and refused to part with his Pauline, or give her over even temporarily to the despisers of her mother's ra-oe. He HM, however, send her to school, when she was even to the extent of being admixed and petted, for two reasons. One was that she was considered a sprig of nobility, however rough and rude the branch from which she came : the other because phenomenal sums were paid for expenses, and her father kept himself out of eight. The money was her mother's, a - heritage her father used to 1 make her a scholar and a lady, which last she was by birthright. Damer was busy in his shop, for it was race week, and the horses needed careful prepara tion for the event en which so many thous* ands of dollars were staked. Bendemeer had been brought over from Ban Francisco to have his shoes refitted, and Nankipoo Mi being shod anew on all fours, while 8on-of a Gun waited his turn, Jockeys and hostlers and a few owners accompanied the horses. All the ta'ent was on hand and there was the usoal acrobatic betting, the stakes being of unusual importance. Little Tough M won a five furlong race in 1:01 the fastest time, made by a 2 year old, and JordUufhad been fouled atJthe head of the stretch. Fo the talk went on until all had taken their tarn and gone, with the exception of one man an owner who sent his jockey away and lin gered to have a confidential talk with the smith. 'Why doesn't Harlow Lincoln bring his chestnut here to be shod?' was the firtt ques tion when they were alone. 'Ask him/ answered the smith enrtly; he knew his man and did not feel it was necess ary to be civil. .Have a swallow," said the other witha disagreeable smile, extended a handsome sil ver-mounted flask toward the smith. 'How do I know it ain't fixed?' asked Damer suspiciously. . 'Great Caesar's ghost, man, have you no common sens ? I want you to have all pour wits about yon if-if Lincoln's Delight is to lose the race to- morrow. I should thii»V you would want to be even with him for all bis snubs and slights/ Damer took a long draught fipm the flask before ants > f The subtlety of the l<q« " nor entered into his heart ani brain. As ? long as be let liquor alone-and lie knew ft, I for a fact-he was a decent num. Whetii I lie drank he became ugly and morose, and easily offended, it was long since his last spree. He had promised Pauliue-ha! Paul h ins the thought of ber accelerated this work b of theliquor. Harlow Lincoln had Blighted 9 Paulioe in some way. Damer did not know b how' but on ber coming tbere the young ) ranchman had shown her much attention, i and she almost admitted to her father that she looked upon him as a king among men, and then he had stayed away, and ever since t Pauline had lost her light-heartedness. [ Damer heard to often thetaunting couplet j of fait own people: E Tne floods may pour from morn till night, t Nor wash the pretty Indian white. , Hie hated Lincoln for not returning bis i daughtes's lore, and ttiis scheme to get even ? appealed to his worst nature, Put into speech it meant that the smith should get across to I Delight, the famous gunning chestnut booked , for the morrow's race, and cripple the animal , so as to prevent him running on the track. To the little honor he had left, he refused money for the crime. He was willing, in Ms caps, to do the dastardly deed solely for revenge, Neither of the conspirators saw a shadow cross the door-till and speed away into the i gathering night. It was Pauline, who had cone to the smithy to walk home with her father, as she often did, leaving the supper ^ ready to eat on the table. ^ How she did not go home, bat straight as an arrow flies, she sought the home of Har low Lincoln. No blush of delicacy stained her olive cheek. She thought not of heeself, but of the two men die loved, her father and Harlow Lincoln, who had stolen tbe sweet possession - of her roung heart from her. She knew how much be cherished the , chestnut Delight and that a fortune awaited him should he -and-she would save her father from baing a criminal. But Lincoln was away from home. The bachelor menage was closed and no one about but the man who took care of Delight, and the small jockey who on the morrow was to ride him as he confidently believed to vic tory. The little jockey had heard of the Indian princess, but had never seen hsr, and he was so pleased with her beauty that he at took her for his mascot, and begged a bit of ribbon to wear as his colon. Together they visited the stable and Paul ine took around. 'Does someone watch here all night?* ehe asked. *1 do/ nid the jockey proudly . Ihad my bed 'longside o' Delight and lodes up, and I has pistols, and know how to shoot.* «ie girl stood by the favourite who h«d been watched and admired every hour of the day, and was nervous as a woman. Pauline touched 'the silky skin that shone in a Vinn dred galden lights in the glare of the lantern" which the jockey lighted. It was beaubifal, « bat she belonged to a people who do not love the horse, except, a§ an article of diet. Bat she loved the horse's master. Sot that she had admitted it to herself, a relator of facts, may state what I know, The native delicacy of her Indian nature was tempered by the reserve of her white blooi. Not for world's would she hare given Harlow Lincoln a foretaste of that love which could have made his heaven, She went leaving no message, and mock troubled about the course she should pursue. Her father was not at the house, nor did he come later, and she could stand the suspense no longer. She determined to go back to the stable and warn die young man if he had ret urned and if he were still absent, to caution the litt'e Jockey, Bhewaifcrd long after coming to this?decis ion; then faking down from the wall the ooil of xa "hide that hung there, she hid it under Wt!T?"Bnd ep<*1 "flight of th° * Ubere all was dark, and still, except an occ asional rtamp of the impatient animal, or a tow whinney, and Paoline called in rain for the boy or any attendant, and at last finding ?JT0,r ^ «P in the stable open, she sca led the wall and groped her way through the *pl^*L whePe «be nouldsee the flbor below and Delight in his stall, with the ' beeifl® Jiim. The little fellow had been drugged, and would not awa kenforsomehours. Pauline was stricken r the consequences to hTh^W »fr>iiof him,too. when d°? Seating herself on a bale of elfalfiiahe tried to think, wbenehe heard a noise at a side entrance to the build ***. .A*1**1® Possibilities of the occasion rnshe d into hermind like a torrent. What aodH»riow Lin coln did » it might not be necessary Ior her ^f5in*te her tether, b^Sen how Sjf ft /or her own presence condition of the boy ? And then the door opened and the outline ofa man appeared. It was her father! He crept «n stealthily ~«o unlike his hmrewitii the familiar *p*e-M* Then he droppodon one knee and took op the left IS!? t® hadno timefto wreak his will on the poor brnte, §ometbing}whi«e4 -taj&t; Jit the Tiedk of of ^itere Uuner, ©a the floor' wfaere he wzitfa faee; At theeante moment ; wllfc Hax, tried to bteaitltis iwasv moment's commotkfei 7\. i front of the stable which w&s; bfokanfrom its hinges, and Harlow Lincoln, followed by aBmal exdlied iiHiii, -? = It took bats momnt to mlin the true meaning of the wbbb, . wad tiun flicli man eanght «old of the lasso, aud gave it» twiri. ; Bat libaip^a form glided between ibem 1 i&red; foarfajrse-^re me my father's life.* said the girl, cod&jnting; the angry O^nerotpelight. <You-»ved-iny-horse ?': faeubdu scorn* fid incredulity. leg. ¥m do Botknov how to cam for and your enemy-not my father-is at jour \- door. Ity father was the tool of another sum. Give me his life for your Delight and win the raceto-morrow. We willgo where you canneverliearofiju again.* Damerhad recovered his consciousness and «aiim hv feet, but being sobered conld not reca31hi*pturtinthe«ffiEiir. *3jBke him,* said Lincoln not nnkindly, and ifyou savedmyhorse I thank you Panl * ine. She looked like a young queen as die led ^yfla bewildered man away and one of the men made a sli ghting remark about her Injun blood giving her a good gait, and measured his length on the floor before the epeeeh. was well out of hiB mouth. Tot w|il please speak respectfully of Delight's friendB-and mine,1 said Lincoln, with a fiercegleam in his eye. The next day the little jockey was all *ight and figured to win. "He wore the ribbon of the Indian p incees, and Delight ran from .tart to wire in the good time of 1*13* distan cing all competitors. When the owner of the winning boree counted up his gains he was satisfied to keep that which he had vsn and retire to his ranch a rich man.1 He thought mush of Pauline in those days, as he had at an other and earlier phrase of JJtheir acquaint ance. Her beauty, her maidenly modesty hermany graces ofmind and character, had upon, and he believed were derived from her He felt it to be an imper ative duty to call cm her and thank her again for the good luck die had broughthim Perhaps she would be Ids mascot for life. He rode Delight, who was proudly ctn scions of a new outfit, and pranced accord ingly, Betting off the figure of his young master to its best advantage. There was no sign of life about the cabin, the smithy was closed but the owner of the wagon, «nak* ing portion of the building said that the smith had taken his daughter and gone hack to her mothery people oa Big Biver. To bfe foiled in his desire is the strangest incentive to a man to gain the object of his hope. Delight felt his matter's tpure that day as never before. Harlow Lincoln could hear that softlow voice saying, *You do not know how to caxe or precious things,' and he realized as most «{ nsdoat some period of our lives, that hlrewngs brighten as they take their flight. Bntlie isa yonng man of enterprise, and the tightening of the lasso of love around hii affections, may lead him to the ranch on theBig River, which is not quite at the end of the world. 