Among the Pastoralists and Producers. [By Harold M. Mackenzie.] ABBEY GREEN. Before proceeding at once to pastoral and agricultural matters I have a word to say on a subject which the more one thinks about the greater wonder it appears, that half the nation in summer is not carried off by typhoid, cholera, or some other dreadful endemic disease. From Port Darwin in the North, Melbourne in the South, and Albany in the West, no British territory, I think, can boast of such utterly shocking and disgraceful sani tary arrangements as we have in Australia. Were we a nation of savages, instead of the most modern of the nineteenth century folk, our barbarism in this respect might not even then pass uncriticised, but blessed as we are in having all the experience of old-world cities to go by actually warning us to avoid these pitfalls, which they themselves have stumbled into, we are pursuing a reckless course in the matter of our sanitary condition that must sooner or later develop into wide-spread evil. This is not a savoury subject, nor one that I would have willingly drawn attention to, but having seen a good deal lately of the re pulsive aspect of Australian life on my travels, I cannot refrain from touching upon a question of momentous import to humanity at large. We are living and breathing every moment of the day, in our towns and villages, an atmos phere laden with all that is vilely corrupt; and yet town councils, because such conditions of lifo have become second nature to the inhabitants, make little or no attempt to rectify an existing evil that is by no means an impossibility. Melbourne, of all cities, is par excellence the most horribly offensive place I have been in, its ' congregation of foul and pestilential vapours' being such that even the Mayor of Cologne himself — a city noted for unique odours — might blush to inhale. Are Australians clean ? Taken as a nation they do not seem to be passionately fond of grooming, even in the height of summer, — a matter absolutely essential — if the system would have a chance of performing its natural functions. Numbers of bath-rooms — chiefly in Riverina — are seemingly used for a variety of odd purposes, even to plucking fowls and storing portmanteaux ' not wanted on the voyage,' whilst the bath itself — phew ! bring me carbolic and boiling water ! If cleanliness be next to godliness, then, the anticipated verdict must be that millions of people haven't a ghost of a chance of entering heaven. With these few remarks on a subject that I have been itching to unburden myself, let us turn to something of a pleasanter character in the shape of Abbey Green and the result of my visit to Mr. George Loder. The name is peculiar, and how it originated in connection with a place that is by no means an historical ruin, with owls hooting in the quadrangle, as one's fancy might suggest, is one of those puzzles in regard to the nomen clature of places that no one can solve. Abbey Green is charmingly situated- on the crest of a hill, to approach which one must proceed with caution down a break-neck road with an un guarded culvert at the bottom, and then, if the driver be merciful, he will jump out and diminish the dead weight on the horse by walking up to the house. Abbey Green com prises in all about 9000 acres, being within half an hour's drive, or a little more perhaps, of Singleton, and was one of the grants in early times to Mr. Mossman, one of the Bay people, passing thence into the hands of Mr. Hobbler, who sold it to Mr, Pat Scott, New castle,' finally becoming the property of the present owner, Mr. Geo. Loder. The place in January was looking dry and very much in want of rain — that is to say, a few good storms — in order to replenish dams and waterholes, which, Mr. Loder informs me, owing to a peculiarity of the soil, have a brackish flavour whenever signs of a drought are apparent. The estate is utilised by its owner chiefly as a resting place for stock, which are travelled from Marah, another grazing property, on the Namoi; besides which, the same gentleman owns St. Clair, a fine fattening property, about 20 miles from Singleton, amongst the mountains, which contains, out of a total of 20,000 acres, no less than 16,000 acres freehold. The hilly property, being within the coastal rainfall, is always greener and more refreshing to behold than this under notice, which is flat by com parison. Mr. Loder has devoted a good deal of his time to sheep breeding, and has on Abbey Green at present between two and three thousand merinoes, which, however, cannot be said to thrive as well as they do at Marah, where foot-rot is not so prevalent. The common fault of the Hunter Valley as regards pasturage for sheep appears to be a deficiency of lime in the soil, which would account for the outbreak of foot-rot amongst merinoes being less due to richness of land than from the absence of a con stituent which is essential to healthy sheep. An illustration of this is afforded when Mr. Loder, by the removal of sheep from here to the Namoi, where the land is quite as rich, has found this baneful disease to leave them entirely. Tho soil of the Hunter is more suitable for breeds such as South Down and Romney Marsh, the latter especially being in his element on most soil, but these sheep appear as yet to have found but little favour amost the old school of merino breeders. Mr. i Loder speaks well of the South Down, having owned at one time as good a little stud-flock as could be seen on the Hunter. Sheep that, though having wills of their own, and inclined to ramble, were nevertheless very profitable to their owners, and quite free from the diseases that, usually attack the merino. Theso sheep are now, I believe, in the possession of Mr. Pawcett, whose place is not far from Abbey Green. Upon the subject of cattle Mr. Loder ex presses the opinion that the Herefords and Polled Angus are more to his taste than other breeds, reasons for which will be assigned. His experience amongst the Herefords dates from 1851, when he began breeding, and has continued down to the present time without any radical change, Mr. Loder may be con sidered an in-and-in breeder, and if he have the art of selection in knowing which sires will produce the best stock — the real secret of in-and-in breeding — he is ' gifted with a discernment that all the practice in the world could never teach a man. Hence, it may be, that we have so few successful cattle breeders amongst us. Tlicy lack discernmont. With regard to the character. of the Hereford, Mr. Loder prefers them on account of their requiring less attention than' the Durhams, being more self-reliant and able to travel miles for pasturage where a Durham would starve. On the other hand, if suitable fodder could be always found, the owner of Abbey Green does not deny tho superiority of the short-horn. The Hereford, it is well known, puts on beef rapidly, and for this reason his early appearance in the sale yards is a thing that commends him. In reference to the Polled Angus, Mr. Loder has not been quite successful in the purchase of a high-priced bull from South Australia, which before its introduction to the Hunter appears to have been fed on oil cakes and otherwise pampered. The conse quence is this aristocratic sire, when con fronted with ' hard tack,' lost condition to such an extent that his efforts at the stud have been almost futile. The Polled Angus when well fed are a type of beast 'most profitable to breeders, but on no account can they stand 'perishing,' but given fair play, these line will carry more beef on their small frames than any other breed. It may be interesting to note that in New Zealand, where this breed of cattle is reared on artificial grasses, that young bullocks — 2| years old — have weighed as heavy as 7\ cwt. The Angus breed at Abbey Green fell away considerably when first brought to the place, but are now in good con dition and improving daily. The pasturage for stock is fairly good, taking it all round, the average yearly carrying capacity being reckoned at a sheep to the acre all through. Special areas, of course, will do remarkable things in the carrying — one paddock, for instance, containing 2,500 acres, having as many as many as 3,000 sheep, besides 50 to 100 head of cattle, within its fences at the present time. The property, besides having a good frontage to the Hunter of 1 1/2 miles, is also furnished with creeks in every paddock that have never been known to fail within the last 40 years. On this score, consequently, the owner need have no apprehension. Now that the question of shipping cattle on their feet to Britain is creating a stir in the pastoral world, it may he stated that a large business in which Mr. Loder was directly concerned used to be carried on with New Zealand in the early days. The arrangements, however, in regard to their treatment on uuuiu ui cb vuij imcnuboard was of a very inferior description com- pared to what the modern steamship can boast, and likely as not before the steamer reached port 5 per cent, of the shipment were washed overboard or perished from bad venti lation. These cattle, a much wilder type of animal than is now usually met with, were shipped at the rate of 200 per month for twelve months. This being the nature of Mr. Loder's contract. Enquiries by agents in these colonies for cattle in tended for the home market are for beasts averaging in weight from 900 to 1,000 pounds — a class of bullock that is hard to find under 8 or 9 years of age ; so that unless we wish to destroy our chances in the British market, it would be advisable to send nothing so old. Weight comes with age, and tough ness too. We must endeavour, when prac ticable, to send bullocks from two to three years old, as heavy as we can procure them. The whole secret of bringing our stock into the Mersey in prime condition is to have plenty of good food and water, and, above all, perfect ventilation — the latter being a sine qiui non to all cattle boats passing through the tropics. The 'tween decks of large living freight steamers have not up to | the present been sufficiently looked after in the matter of air, and this in a great measure has been the cause of cattle en voyage languish ing, and in some cases succumbing altogether. The cost of bringing our cattle by rail from the interior militates considerably against the expansion of the live stock trade, in view of the fact that it costs as much as 32s (5d per head to bring them from Bourke to Homebush. This journey is under 600 miles, for which mile ago in America cattle would be trucked for at the rate of £1 per head. Even from Single ton, which is under 15.0 miles to the metropolis, the cost of trucking fat bullocks is 8s per head, which in these degenerate times runs away with a considerable amount of the producers' profit. Cultivation at Abbey Green is carried on to some extent, chiefly by tenantry, there being four in number paying a lease for the ground of 15s per acre, or working for them selves and Mr. Loder's benefit on the now popular 'halves' system. Mr. Loder finds this scheme to work very satisfactorily, being content to take half of what ever is grown, and hoping, when the crop is not so profitable, for better luck next time. It is pleasing to note that the paddocks on this estate do not present that tombstone appearance that so many do where ruthless ' ringing ' has been carried on. The trees still offer shade in places for stock when a merciless summer sun strikes upon the arid earth. 