The Atrocities 111 Armenia. HORRIBLE BARBARITIES The " Speoial Commissioner'' of the " Daily Graphic" sends a two -column de spatch dated " Tiflis, 12th February," which furnishes ample confirmation of the storv of fiendish barbarity told by the special corre spondent of the " Daily Te'egraph ': Speaking of the period when the small body of protesting Armenians, their ammunition given out, had determined upon dispersal, the Commissioner writes : — 44 Wherever an Armenian was found — man, woman or child — no msrey was shown. Everybody was put to the sword. In thiB man -hunt the Kurds joined, until Zekki Pasha gave the signal for a stoppage of the butchery." Then the Armenians, it seems, somehow got the idea that the Turks were willing that they should return to their homes and live in peace, "and some of them actually descended the mountain and returned to their villages, to find them burnt and destroyed." " The peasants whom I interrogated, who say they are frozn Galeguzau," continues the correspondent, 44 stated that they went back, to their own village and arrived there iu time to witness the terrible death of a priest who was flayed alive, and then forced at the point of the bayonet to dance and sing. He died thus singing psalms. 44 The house of the village Elder, or Res, of Galeguzan was raised to the ground, and in its place an enormous pit was dug, and 100 peasants — men, women, and children — were driven into it, bayoneted, and buried while many of them were still living." At the sight of these horrors a party of four escaped. These 44 determined to carry off and protect from harm the person of Petros, the village priest of Galeguzan, who was much revered for his piety, and enjoyed a wide reputation. This wise and pious man they took care of and hid in caves. Ttiey managed to evade the vigilance of the Turks for some time, but they were without food, except wheat, which they ate raw. One night tney made a fire and warmed the wheat by »t. This fire betrayed them to some Turkish soldiers who were huuting fugitives. The peasant who told me this seized the one muBket possessed by the party of five, jumped to the mouth of the cave, and was on the point of firing at a Turk who was close upon him, when the priest implored him not to do so. I am sorry I listened to him, said the peasant, for at that moment my musket was wrenched out of my hand I drew my dagger and plunged it into my opponent's body, the blood spouting all over me. He grasped me in his Hrms, and we both rolled down a steep precipice. I could hear the soldiers call upon me to surrender, bat it was impossible for me to stop. In rolling over the sharp rooks of the precipic, my face and hands and body were torn. When I teacbed the bettom my opponent was dead. The Turks were watehing me from above, but could not follow. I could see them cut off my brother's ear: He' is alive now, anc, has escaped. The two other men escaped .also. ...... But the -priest, the peasant added, 4 I saw them butcher ; his head was cut open with two blows of the sword, given in the shape of a cross, so that it was split into four pieces. They then proceeded to cut up his body in small circular bits.' " The remainder of the party then escaped, hut were ultimately captured and driven back to their village, and these having been de stroyed, they were finally billetted upon peasants almost as poor as themselves. They had in the meantime cried, "Kill | us as you killed the others, for we are dying cf starvation," and one body of soldiers to whom they had made a similar appeal had ironically replied, 44 You have now a new master, the English Consul. Go to him and ask him to give you food." The correspondent supplies examples of barbarity that, as he observes, 44 seem in credible in these latter days of the nineteenth century." " For instance, ten girls were outraged by Turkish soldiers, who offered to marry them if they would change their religion. They refused, and were all cat up into pieces. «' Many women threw themselves from precipices to escape from the soldiers, and many killed their children to prevent them from falling into the handB of the Turks." 4 Before leaving the correspondent (these simple peasants told him of the heroic death of Krikor, the Res, or Elder, of the vil lage of Shenik. This brave fellow himself killed twenty-one Turks before he fell, hit by a bullet, and when he gave up the ghost there was a flash of light in the heavens, which was repeated several times, and convinced the pious peasantry that his spirit was imme diately taken up to heaven and is dwelling with the saints." The correspondent states that from a care fully compiled list prepared by the surviving priests, it would appear that 12,850 men, women, and children have disappeared. 