Lore's Stratagem. j Bbandon Cloud, aathor. sat oo tbe I edge of hie bed aod gazed Id dismal \ despair at tbe aptaroed sole of bis boot. Oo tbe table lay ao almost completed oovel, whnee progress bad received a dual obecte. Firstly, tbeeapply of paper bad beoome ;exbaasted, whlob, secondly allowed tbe aotbor time to tbiok of tbe woman he IrvaiI ? and thia aIvhdr madn blm so utterly miserable tbat be oould Dot briug bis thoughts to bear upon any thing but tbe apparent bopeleseoess of tbe Btate of mao. ' Well, Brandon, my boy,' be mused, bitterly, 4* you've resobed the eod at last. Assets, 1J-1 ; liabilities, ao emotystomaob aod a landlady's bill for £10 3a. 2d.' Tbe eud of tbe month fouod him lo a worse plight tban ever. Somelblog bad to be done, tbat was very plain ; but wbat? Be sat down at the table to ibinfe tbe matter over, though be bad done eo before many times. There must be a way out of tbe piofele eomewbere ; but wbere ? He had thought of Buioide before, hut be was young and clung to life, bad as it was ; living more on hope than substaooe. Tbe only other alternative was starva tion, and this be considered worse stiil. He oould oot bave laboured manually if be bad got work to do, for having been born lo tbe purple, be had always oounted poverty oot of bis life, so had learned no trade. He dropped loto bis chtir agaio and piohed up tbe maooscript of bis novel. How beautifully smooth it read; what a grand plot it was; and what a character was tbe poor, struggling, ambitious, loving journalist—' AFindf s b^le Fool.' Ab ! If be could but fiufBh it. No more starvation, no more iy-ug iu wiuuw itmuiauieB, do more dreamiog of the woman be loved but would not marry, While be eat thinking of what might be tbere oame a bnocfc at tbe door, bo timid tbat be did not notioe ituutil it waB repeated thrioe. 11 The landlady !' be thought, without rising. However, it was oot tbe portly form of the widow that met Brandon's gaze wben the door opened, hut the svvfet little vision of a girl enwrapped io sables. He Rtartel to bis feet with an exclamation, as sbe oame iuto tbe room, the smile no her faoe lighting up tbe apartment like a ray of saruroer euuehiDe. 'My dear Minnie,' be orled, aa he , oSered bor a ohair and relieved ber of ber muS and boa, 14 what in the world Induced you to come here?' M Curiosity and — love ; but-^— ' 'Curiosity! Seven-eights of a wo man'* nature ! It bas ruined many a woman aod—' 41 Now it's goiog to save a man,' sbe interposed, witb a smile, wuiob died from ber eyes as sbe glaooed around the room. ' You don't appear to be very comfortable h-ire. Bed and eiulag-roooj combioed, aod no fire. You said iu your letter you were making your fortune. Tbat is not true.' Braodon was seated on the edge of the table, lootciDg at nothing iu particular. 44 Perfectly,' be answered, shifting un easily, 'Ooly, you feaow, Minoin, it'* slow work ; there are eo many at the game and I never was clever.' ' You have erown pessimistic. Poor BrandoD !' aod she oaught his bands. 11 flow cold you era ! Why don't you have a fire?' The aotbor did oot answer. 11 Ob, I understand,' she said, in a low, sympathetic voice. 'No wood, no coals, oo mooey, eh?' and sbe caressed his band fondly. ' You have not made much progress on tbe royal road.' 'Dio't you understand, Minnie, I have endeavoured to earn my own living honestly, endeavoured to be ittdeoendent of any mao, and I want to&mtinue; so. Tbere are enough parasites in tbe world. *v u-o wouu n viti ui m Bll UtCgiC, j. I( BUU1I1, but I bave grown accustomed to it.' ' Brandon,' Minnie's solemn response. 44 1 want to show you tbe folly of your in* dependence. Did you think I oould not read between the lines of your letter to me? A man who ia makiog his fortune, or who is earning a living aud bas hopes for tbe future, does not implore the woman he loves co forget him aod marry Borne other man. Brandon, you do love me?' She plaoed her bands upon bis shoulders and looked up into bia face. He shut bis eyes for a moment, his lips quivered, and he did not speak, but he (smoothed ber fair hair softly. ' Then you wi!l come away witb me,' sbe pleaded. ,4 You will sink your foolish spirit nf pride and independence, and make me a happy woman,' and sbe nestled ber head on bis arm. ' Not long ago, wben yoa were rich, you loved me, and we were to be married ; but wben you lo9t your all In those wretobed com panies, you would oot be my husband, tbougb my fortune Is ample for both.' 11 1 wish I oould swallow my wretohed pride, hut I cannot. I could oot live on your money in your house. My inmost | feelings would cry ahame at me ; my position wnuld be unbearable !' Minnie shivered. ?? You are cold ?' be asked, Bbe nodded. 'Well, you had better be going,' and he handed ber her furs. ' It ie so kind aod good of you, Mlnoie, but— hut I'll try a little longer for tbat fortune,' and tbe ghost of a smile lingered oo his face for an iostaot. 14 1 suppose I oould oot help you io aoy way, Brandon ? May I leave my cheque* book ?' Tbe question was putvsry hesitatingly aod while the Inner man cried ?? Yes,' In pttlouB aocents, tbe ooter gentleman de* ollned tbe kind offer witb a ooorteous firmness. ' I bave read several of your sbort stories,' Mlonie said, as she pulled oo ber eloves, 'and I think tbey are really clever. But you ought ;to try something big— 6 tbree volome novel.' 'Tbey Bre going out of faahloo, and, besides, they takeeuob a tim*. Ooe oan sorlbble off short stories like oarsery rhymes, and tbe return iequiok.' He referred to tbe retorn, of tbe maou soriptB ; sbe thought be meant payment. '* But bore,' he went on rapidly, goiog to the table aod taking up his unfinished book—' bere Is a novel I bave almost oompieieu. none or yoar ordinary drivel but realism, and tbat is tbe demand of tbe hour. It will not be more than 40,000 words, and I am confident of Us eaooess.' 'When you finish your book, Bran* don,' ebe advised, 4- send it to Irvine and Irvine. They will publish U in tbeir ? Nom-deplume* series. You will bave an ecoentrlo, idiotic poster all t? yourself in tbe new art style, and the puzzle of tbe hour will be: * What is tbe writer's oame? Ie It a beor a ebe ?» Then, wben tbe papers bave criticised your book, praised It, slated It, and discussed It for all It Is worth, your real name will be die covered ; Interviewers will regard you as a anoninl Drlza ? vnnr nhntn will ho at tempted 10 the half-peony evening newa eheetg, and yoa will be famous.' Her throat burned while ebe epofee ; ber voice w«b very dry, aad ber bon hornmie artificial. ' Good-bye, good-bye !'' At tbe open door tbey etood looting foto each other's eyee, with , clasped hands. 'Kles me, Brandon ; a laet felse.' He bent and pressed bis lips to bera, then to rued qalofely away as ahe harried downstairs and home, and eat in bis ebalr far into the evening, the most miserable opao od earth. It was about a week later, and Brandon ' was Bt ill In bis lodgings. His landlady bid ioformed him Immediately after Minnie's visit that someone had settled a long-standing debt ; ao be need not worry over bis little account. He blessed ber; she passed the blessing on to Minnie Horton. He sat at tbe table, bis bead in bis bands, endeavouring to think out his novel, bat be oould not compose a single sentence, for on tbe news-sheet spread out before blm tbere danced io tbe biaokest of type a paragraph wbioh bad | paralysed all tbe energy within blm. Minnie was to be married ! Bbe bad i taken him at bis ward, and would wed young reroy urnii m tureu iuuuiu' lime. Well, that ended If. The one ray of hope tbat had made hie exialenCB bear able had been flashed from bis life, and death was tbe only panaona. Poieou, banging, drowning, or a ballet— any- thing to get out of tbe world quickly. And he had loved ber so much. Of course it was bis own cboloe ; if he oould only bave conventionally murdered his pride and laughed in tbe world's face, be might have been bappy with tbe woman be loved, bat be oouid not, and now he could not live Thus ran bis reflections, when tbe landlady :breogbt him a letter, written on perfumed yellow paper. He reoog nised tbe handwriting at once. It was from Minnie, and confirmed the news niper item. She retained bis ring as a keepsake. 11 Do not give way to ridloulous pas- | Blon,' sbe advised blm, and bia faoe ! hardened as be read tbe words again. Not he! Why should he? Must bis dispelled, because be bad lost the love of one woman? Tbere were scores of others— all beautiful, all loving, all good — no, some good ; aod when be was famous ? Ah! that was it-wb6n be was famous He bad struck the right ohord, and his wbole being sprang into a furious blaze of ambition — a desire to cheat tbe woman wbom be tbougbt bad jilted him. and laugh at her in mockery and triumph. He walked bis room feverishly, bis bands alenobed and bis lipB set tight, while the fire of ambition rorged bis de termination and withered bis love. By beaveos, he would be famous ! Day and night he would toil at tbat book until It was finished, and then— then his trinmph ! Yes, that was It ; work, work and for get ber ; and be pitohed tbe dainty note into tbe fire and commenced. He un froze, all his energy returned, all bis thoughts rushed baok upon blm and fell over each other as bis pen reached acro?B tha n.nAr Inafnw davs hie book wae ready for tbe publisbers. Bmndon received a reply from Irvine and Irvine within two days. This was a revelation that astounded bim. But wliut surprised him still more was the fact that tbe publishers wished to see blm. It was a pity Minnie bad been eo busty Bramlin tbougbt, an be consumed Irvine's mite, time after tiuae. Fortune and fame were written all over blm ; and if be only bad ber. At least, be ought to write and con gratulate her on ber engagement. He woDilered, with a mean exultation, wbat Hlie would feel like; if ebe would turn white wbnu she read of bis success. So be sat down to write, but, remembering tbat all eggs did not turn out obioka, he deferred it until he bad seen tbe pub llebers. After tbe Interview be was mad with himself beoauae be bad uot written, for Irvine aod Irvioe paid bim £300 down for all tbe rlgbts of bis book. How be walked borne from tbelr offloe be never knew, and be wouUered wby be bad not cabbed it. He remembered obanging blB obeque at tbe bank, buying a sbilllug Uigur, ouj'.jou ' I and visiting bis tailor's, wbere be par chased a ready- made suit, aid was mea sured for various others. Of course he would bave to change his lodgings now. He oould noteutertain interviewers In bis present garret. Nothing under a Ken sington flat or a villa at St. Jobn'a Wood would satisfy blm. Arrived home, be desired to wipe oft bis debts with tbe landlady at once, sbowering carelessly upon tbe table io ber best parlour a handful of gold, tbe sight of which took all tbe breath from tbe old lady's body. Sne wae iu no hurry, however. Tnere was a visitor upBtalrs waiting for bim. 'A man?' gasped BraudoD, with a sinking heart, us his mind flew to inter viewers. But it was a lady, as be quickly discovered, and tbat lady, Mlnoie. His beart beat rapidly, bia breath came quickly, bis eyes gleamed brightly, and be was about to CiLoh ber In bis arms wben be remembered tbat she belonged to anotber, and the memory crushed blm. He endeavoured to speak, but a sudden attack of aphasia stilled his tongue, and j be sank into a chair and aovered his faoe : witb his bands, while tbe lump tbat bad risen in bis tbroat almost choked blm. ' Aren't you well, Brandon?' Minnie inquired, alarmed at bis appearance Bbe placed ber small band lovingly upon bis burning forehead, but be winoed at the touch as though it was something that hurt him. ' Are you ill, dear ?' and ebe sank on ber knees and strove to pull his handB from bis face. 'It was ooly a joke, darling, only a joke,' sbe icried piteouely, ber eyes wet witb tears, 'I am not going to marry Oloott ' Braodon sat upright suddenly, bis faoe very white. 'You are not?' as he oaugbt her wriste !u a frantio grasp, 'No, no! Forgive me, dearest. I thought if I told vou tbat. you would fancy I waB bappy, and so be able to work. You said eo.' Brandon slgbed deeply, bent and kissed ber. 'I might bave killed myself,' be re marked, presently. ' You had too muoh pride.' Bbe was smiling now. ' Eat wby bave you come here again?' 'You never wrote to me, Brandon, and I tbougbt, I ? ' ' You reared I should do wbat you knew I would not. That's like a woman !' and be iaagbed lightly. ' Bat It is all over bow, Minnie. I bave com pleted my book and sold It to Irvine's for £300. The announcement of your en gagement kicked my pride so hard tbat I bad to do something desperate.' rainme wasa spieanir, actress. ' Wbat? craning forward, with ooe hand on ber lover's shoulder; '£300! Yoa darling,' and sbe kissed him eagerly. 'Yes, and tbsre'i more to follow. Tbey are oertalo it will he a eucceee, an't tbey alalm tbe refusal of all mv other works. God bless you Mlon ! But for you — you've got to share tbie with me 1 He threw tbe gold and note* npon tbe table, but tbe girl sbrank baok. ' No, do, Braodon. your brains earned ii-, » ib an yuurs. xtroi vtb win auare It, and all that le to come. No refusal ; you proposed it ' Tbey were married within a month, bat 'A Fln-de- sifc jle Fool' was not a snooees. Indeed, it was ao utter failure ; and one paper remarked that Messrs. Irvioe and Irvine bad better olose np if tbat iu the best rubbish tbey oould secure. How Minnie Iaagbed at tbe great un known (scribe wbo penned those lines ! Like Brandon, be never knew tbat Mlonie Horton wae the real pablleber of of tbe volume ; that Bbe paid Brandon tbe £300, and tbat she published all bis fol lowing effueiooe. Brandon works merrily ou ; writes four bourB each day, and sells each book as sooo as it is finished. StraDge to relate, maoy of bis works are oat of print. Though paid for, tbey bave never been published. Occasionally be determines to trot rouod to Irvloe's and Inquire wbat tbey mean by snob soaodalouB ooa dnot ; but wben tbisfit seizes blm, Mlonie always has something for bim to do, and be always doeB it. 