ANOTHER SCENE. IN THE BRIGHTON COUNCIL The Brighton Council is apparent. ly a family of unhappiness and dis cord. -'Scenes" are of frequent occurrence, and childish bickerings are eternal, while transparent bluff is a striking characteristic of all the -ivic proceedings at which the public ire graciously permitted to be pre ient.' How the secret deliberations ire managed is not known-there may be occasional' free fights or there may be blissful unanimity and celestial good will. If a ghost were to stalk forth and diseintomb the secrets of the star chamber the rate. payers niight be surprised, either agreeably or disagreeably; but cer. tainly that which we are privileged to see 'and hear is not edifying or creditable. The mayor and Cr Wilson indulged in a wrangle last Monday evening, which was absolute ly disgraceful. We are, however, bound to say that the mayor was the. mole to blame, because, in the first place, he dragged a speech from Cr Wilson which that gentleman was reluctant to make, and then, in the second place, he assumed an over bearing, hectoring, and insulting attiuiade towards the' councillor, and,' f'lthe?he?e tof :pasiiio;;.appeari6do~: - livious of the fact that he was wear ing the robes of a high civic office, and was supposed to be discharging one of the primary functions apper taining to the First Citizen in an important town. Or Wilson casually inquired if the finance committee had passed ac counts for sums of money before they were due. He was answered in the negative, and resumed his seat. The mayor insisted on Cr Wilson explaining fully what he meant. "Out with it," said His Worship; "no insinuations; let us have it straight." "Well," said Cr Wilson; !'I am satisfied so long as the finance com mittee give an assurance that no money will be passed in future until it is due." "Oh I oh I" cried the mayor; "no beating about the bush; make your charge. sir; make your charge." "All right," replied Or Wilson, rising 'slowly, if you insist- -" "Oh, yes; I want it; I'll have it," exclaimed the mayor. "Well, then," continued the coun cillor, "I object to the mayoral al lowance having been paid in advance. The mayor should not have taken it until it was earned. A mayor might die or go away. or might not continue in office for his allotted term." "The finance committee had noth ing to do with passing the mayor's allowance," observed Or Falkingham. "Of course not," added the mayor, in a towering passion ; "oE course not. The council passed the money. If the council wish I will return it. It is the univeraiL practice for p mayors to take their allowance in not only in bad taste, but, are not worthy of a gentleman. What do I S'caioe "about your £75." ' he last -words were uttered in a tone of withering contempt. "If you are quite done," said Cr Wilson, with assumed coolness, "I would like to continue my remarks." "Go on, go on," cried the mayor; "you are no gentleman--" \- "Thank you," interjected Cr Wilson. "I am extremely obliced to you,'" continued His Worship, "You take it in the wrong spirit," observed Cr Wilson in a conciliatory tone. "I shall," said the mayor, violent ly, 'take it in the spirit in which you usually say nasty cruel things." "Thank you, thank you," observed the councillor. "Your paltry £75," muttered the mayor. "We would be getting interest on it," chimed in Or Wilson. Ors Backhouse and Hamilton at this stage interposed, and the mayor threatened to resign his seat on the finance committee. "The money should not be paid un til it is earned," observed Or Filson. "Oh stop is," cried two or three councillors. "Let him go on--let him go on," exclaimed His Worship; "he is in order. I don't earn the money. I'm not supposedl to earn it. I sup pose if I died you would not pay the allowance at all-is that what you mean. I consider the attack mnost unfair and ungentlemanly. You are no gentleman i" Or Wilson now rose with all his Scottish blood aflame. "Do you consider," he cried, in tones tensioned-strained with emotion and anger; "do you consider you are conducting yourself with mayoral dignity to.night ? are you dignifying? that chair I are you in a fit condition to.night----" Cr Baokhouse rose'and objected. "Let. him go ahead,"- said the mayor; ' 'll deal with him. Any thing more ?" - "Yes," said. Or Wilson; "other sums of money hlave been paid in advance." "What are they ?" said the mayor; '"let's hIave them." "Salaries," observed Cr'Wilson. After consulting the town clerk the mayor said. "The committee only authorised salaries to be paid during the holi days. ''There's nothing in that. Anything else ?" After further nagging of this des cription, Or Bent throw oil on the troubled waters by explaining the law on the point, which entitled a mayor to draw his allowance as soon as itf was voted by the council. The mayor, however, kept chipping in with nasty remarks thrown at Or Wilson, who had the good sense to refrain from renewing the row. A large number of new advertise niSnts in this issue. Tenders are invited by the M1Ioorabbin Council in our advertising columns of this issue for a quantity of bluestone spalls-. 