BAPTIST CHURCH. In further celobration of the anniversary of the Baptist Chuirch a tea and public meeting were held inh the Town Hall on Tuesday evening. A capital preand, provided and dispensed by the following ladics, was attended by about 300 persons :.-Mrs. aund'Iiso Brow, MIrs. Newman and IMrs. Brasnett, lIrs. Hockey and the Misses Moodio, Mrs. Moss and iliss Pigott, Mrs. Milton and Mrs. Line, irse lobss and Mns. Bugg, Irs. Jones and Mrs. Hancock, IissEverett and Nrs. Kecnnedy. The number of tables was seven. ? dr the meeting the ball was crowded to its utmost capacity. 'roceedings began with the sing ing of a hymn, after which Mr. Percy Brasnett, a deacon, led the audieonco in prayer. The Rev. D. J. Graham, the pastor of the church, presided, and in his openicig remarks apologized for the absence of the lRev. J. W. Holden, who was prevented from attending by a previous engage ment in Sydney, but he keow they had Hr. Holden's sympathy and love. Ie had also received a iote from the Rev. A. M. Tait. (Ir. Tait wrote that he was sorry he could not be present, but hoped to do himself the honour on some future occasion. He trusted they would have a successful gathering.) Me had also received a note from thle Rev. Mr. Rodd, whom they hoped to seepresentlateron. The church had reached its second acicIversary, and he was two years older, for the church was formed on his birthdny. He thanked them for their attendance and wished them a very hearty welcome and a deep bltesiug from the eternal spirit of God. The past 12 mouths had not perhaps been all sunshino, but they were going to forget anything that appeared like darkness, thank God for victories won, and take courage. During the year, as far as they could gather, there had boon somethinlg over 30 won to Christ through the preaching of the gospel on the Sunday evening, and there had been a con siderable number added to thie church. They stood now at somewhere about 58, which was for two years' work. Their gatherings right up to the last Sunday night had increased in numbers and in interest. They had been very much blessed from on high, and he was sure the church membcrs with the deacons and himself returned that night to their heavenly Fither sincereat tihanks for His goodness. When they first came to the town it was prophesied that the Baptist Church would not stand; give them six or nine months, it was said, and the Baptist denomination would be a thing of the past. That put himin mind of men who prophesied when he was first converted to God. It was said wait a while and see if he will stand; but eighteen years had passed since and he was still standing. The chumh had gone on for two years and increased in numbers and blessings, and they hoped to be able to say at the end of another twelve months that they were not I8 strong, but 110 strong. (Applause.) lre. Tilliam W'hite, of Sydney, sang a hymn as a solo. MIr. S. B. Hockoy, who was called upon to read thereport, prefaced the performance of that duty with some remarks on the constitution of thie clurch. :e said they had no pope, no bishop, no general, no presbytery, no conferences to dictate to them afiything that they should do. The Baptist Church was purely and simply democratic in its principles. An individual Baptist Church such as they had in Goulburn had it in its powerto conduct its own affairs on what lines it might think proper, aind nobody had aiy right to dictate to them. When the church meeting assembled in session they were all their own bosses, and could do what they chose in church matters. They were just the same in principles as Sthe Congregationalists. He would explain the way in which members were admitted. They did not think it sufficient for an indhividuil to come forward -and say he was saved to put him down as a mdainbcr at once. What they wanted to do was to keep out of their fellowship asa Christian church Salil those that shoulld bo kept out and to encourage those to join who ought to join. TWhat they wanted was a line of demarcation-the line between the church and the world. Unfortunately to-day the thing had got so mixed up that they had to put on-a better pair of spec. than he had to sea the difference in many instances between theo church uand the world. But it was said the Lord knowoth them that aro His. The way that they admitted members was this-In thebo first instance the pastor gave out an invitation from the platform. ~hen the name had been given in the pastor had a con Sversation with the person, respecting more particu larly the new birth, for theirs was not a mixture of forms and ceremonies, but they tried to got at the rctit-of the matter, and they maintained that if an individual was not born again he had no right to be with them or any church. WVhen the pastor was satisfied that the candidate was converted two of the deacons were told off to hold a conversation with him or her, and the deacons had also to be eatisfied that theiudividual had passed from death unto life. After' that the candidate had to go before the members of the church when in session assembled, and give his testimony and assure the members that he was converted in deed aed in truth. If the members were satisfied with the report of the pastor and the deacon and .with what they had H~eanrd for themselves the candidate was admitted a member of the church after having been baptized. At the first ordinance of the Lord's Supper the pastor gave the canrdidate the right hand of fellowshaip aid hlido him we!come. e-Is did not kinow whether the Baptist Church did the same in other places with rcgird to the admission of members. If an indi vidual absented himself from the ordinance of the Lord's Supper for three successive imonths without giving a justifiable reason he was no longer con oidered a member of the church. MIr. Hockey then read the report, which was as follows: REPOIT. . " Dear Christian Friends,-In presenting to you 'tho second annual report of this church, we do so with profound gratitude to God for His unceasing care over us and for the many tokens of His favour bestowed upon us. When we consider the magni tnde of the work enltrsted to sucn imperfect mortals as wo are, we feel deeply humbled. Ours is a work of which angels may be envious; not a nobler or grander theme occupies the mind of angels or men. God has seen fit to commit to our charge the carry ing out of His noblest design and perfecting Iis noblest work. To us is entrusted the great com mission-' Go ye into all the world and preach the gospel to overy creature; he that believeth and is baptiied shall be saved, but he that bclievoth not ehall bedamned.' And to carry out this commis eion to the very lotter is imperative on the Christian Schurch. When wo fail in discharging the solemn trust committed to us we become guilty before God and unfaithful to our fellow men; and the issues resultiung from such unfaithfulness God only knows. "The grand old book closes with the solemn admonition-' Take nothing from, neither add any thing to, the record herein given.' As a church we have attempted through another year (although deeply consoious of many shortcomings) to carry out .the work the Great Builder has entrusted to us. We are thankful to record that our work has not only been maintained, but marked progress lnas crowned our efforts all along the liue. Our congregation has greatly increased, often ',.taxing the capacity of this hall to its utmost limits. The week evening service in Coromandol-streot hall has nearly doubled. Our Saturday evening service in the open air Ihas been a means of presenting the gospel to many nou-church-goers, and the un fortunate unemployed camping around the town are .often to bhe seen at these services. The prayer rumeeting, which roae ckoa'lcdgcd to bo tho index to church life, are well attended, and although we ' have six prayer meetings for the week there is no lack of interest in them. One of these is for ladies only and is held from house to house. One is for the gentlemen only, combined with the study of the Seriptures. Our Subbatlh- school, although but two years old, numbers 120 scholars with 9 teachers. T*he pastor's Bible class, which meoots Sunday after. noons, has a membership of 2.1 and is a great help 'to the members in acquiring Scriptural knowledge. 'The infant class, under the care of Miss WiCemiau, is doing a good work by instructing the young and .tender mind in things pertaining to God. 23 have been baptised during the year, of whom 21 hrave"joined thie church. Our membership now stands at 3S. There are many more who have pro fessed conversion who have not come forward to join the church. Thus God has honoure His word .in the conversion of at least 30 souls during the year. Ten have removed to other places or been struck out for non-attendance. ' * " Wo can bear testimoay from what wehavaseen and heard that the gospel has lost none of itsaociout . power. We have not had occasion to resort to any other means for drawing the people together eavo ' lifting up Jesus as the sinner's friend, and we can S.positively assert that during the two years of ourt pastor'a ministering, not a single Sabbath evening has passed but the gospel has been preached in all its simplicity, and in all earnestness the sinner has been'faithfully warned of his danger and urged to ., escape for his life. Jesus only has been the themo of the preacher. t"Ourfinancos, asyou will gather from the balance sheet, have been fairly well sustained, and although the members of tihe church and congregation are of that class who gather around tihe despised Nazarene tiihy have contributed nobly to the funds of the church. Kind friends from a distsnce have manifested their sympathy with our work, tno good brother hasing given us our church organ, und " another brother has given us a small one for our opeu air work. Thus our uceds have been mot To Cod be all tho glory. ... .".Tho int that wo are bad'y in ?ant of a church builditng to carry on our work will sugest isep)f to Sevory right-thiluking mind. We are under heavy exponse in rentiug this hall, besides the want of accormmodation, espccially for tarrying on Sunday tEchool work. l3ut we remember that "patience is a virtuo." So we patiently wait until the Lord bids us omova in this direction. In the meanwhile we are depending upon the kindness .of our friends for the holding of many of our nmeet. stige, and we cannot forbear mentioning the namo MIof r. aud Mrs. Newman, of Clinton Oottange, whoso commodious premises havo.been placed almost at the disposal of the church, and we feel very mtuch indebted to these friends for the ecom modation girvenus. Now, Christian friends, we close another year's work for the Master; our failings we cannot forget, and for them.we seek forgiveness. Our success has been achieved in the all-prevailing name of Jesus Christ and Him crutciflied, Who alone is worthy to receive all honour and glory, world without end. Davin JncMs Gnitut, Pastor, 8\. D. IHooocw, Secy." Mr. D. Edwards, treasurer, then read the balance sheet as apihndcd:- Gaolhurn aiptist Clurc Bal Dneonklct, rom August lcth, 189s, to August tit, toe5, Aug. 10, 9'4.-Balanuce in bank.................. 218 Collections ................:........... 123 11 Proceeds of ta-toonting........... 12 iS SelI-doni und.................... 018 Reeied o rthymin-okso - 5 0........ 5 Capitn tion Ceo......................... 018 0 looationsBnd eontribktlons... 0 0 eeorvednodrCpaslllng Fuend ... 1o h e flonation from Sabbathisehooel o 01 L1i7 5 51 AMOUNTSl PAID." Lad lipenal ont ........ r.... ........ , w. 5. ) 0 5 8 Cle ar o h ................... . .............. O o inceattittheokl -tpn oeht ea ahe woul Prrlcinlgc ........ 01...........,..........,......... , 10 0 I ymn-book s ...................................;... ..... 1 Pelttyc ~t si ..................... ;.......................... Cnlpitatlrn fee .......... .................:... '.................Me el-eo n fo boks &o....;.... ;.... 21 Otieitiiall-cooess fee kooks, 8.1.5..;...:.. OttJ 0 lolnation to aimspital .....................;.;............ t15 0 Pastors ? ratnla eand Itiddlestono's oanneads toand p from Sydnoy ......... h .. O 09i Pastor 0. Jones's epo ulburn o urh........... s t C. ans intld, foar traigo nd ltleng ..,,a...... 1i 0 T.lou nsise, oing piansof .....7............. 0... u drio s .......................................t u i .......... ..... 1 0 Eict a s Balance in basnk....... pf,,,... u n nc...., 21r0 i t167 5 91 Thei chairman explained that in additi on o tein stipend mentioned he had received money from the Baptist Home sD ission, which enabled him to go n. (The amunt, we are informed, was £75.) Naext year the church moeeting in Goulbu would have to incureaso the stipend sonetwhat, bceauso they Could not get quite as touch frott the Home blissiou. A hymn was neat sting. The Rev. Dr. Porter then delivered an address. He eoxpressed the pleasre it gave him to be there, tand spoke of the high esteemo in which he held their minister. The Gotiarn chure wo as the child of tele dcnomination, a robust little creatureo giving glorious signs of promise of a vigorous tond usefl lifo. Ho thought their churc lii e, considering all things, was in a most hopeful and encouraging condition. He prayed God that it miglt continue to grow. Thto Doctor, after theso words of pro litminary, went on to say that loe could lonetly declare thIt he had huid all scotbrian feelings wiped ont. He loved a man because tht t an wts a Christin, and he believecd there e ere signs of lthe times that maere most hopeful. Hoe believed that when people canto to thUe word of God to huow what clurcer they shoold belong to tie Baptist Church would grow wonderfully. He had knownt mno who were troubled about the subject of believers' banp tism who had gone to the Nesw Testament and let that guide them, and lie had never known one who so acted who had not come out on the other side of the water. One very itportant matter in their teaching must be to enxalt the word of God. What ever that says they muast do. Peoploe who belonged to- ehurc with a creed were expected Ito be familiar with the creed, and ll acreed churches Cx pccted their people to be loyal to the creed. He was not going to express Ihittiself about the wisdoto of that, but he wos going to sady that God expected him to he loyl t i his cireed, the cred God-given, itlspired by the holy spirit. A person should join a church intoelligently, and it was right that everybody who held the Now TeCst meat as the God-given creed of the church should become nfamiliar uwith it. The Now Teshiment we the creed of the church of Christ. The church of Christ must have its roots in the Nlew Testament, and every memher of that churchl had a right to aske what God required of him. The most importount thing was that they should be plcuesing to God, and no mtan had ever come to the Non Testo ment to inqtuire of God what Hito would have hi do and with a determination to do it thit did not have the blesing of God. Chireh relatiotnship was ai most blessed thing, but only a few appreciuted the good of it. The roev. gentleman cowtidetnoed most sm phaotieally the lace of friendly relationship bctaeon members of the same church end of different churches. Ho believed that tite church of Christ wos a family, and being so they should mael it as mucht like a family as they possibly coiuld. When ever they got out of hartony with God's mind or intention they always suffered. tWih all his soul he sympathized with the aspiration of the anion of God's people. There never would ho union unless it was brought about by love, for the power of Christ was love. He could tell thoem how the union of Christendom could be brought about. When they all had the same teacher they would all boe alike. The churches eers tecehing differently. Lot them al stop it and go to the feet of the Holy Ghost. eeino the restedthemselves i on the teaching of the Holy' Spirit it wvus aseonishing hbee soon they would all ihiottc alike. Ho Ihtad quit asking the people to bellevo whit he believed, but ht asked them to conme to the salen source, the word of God, andlet that be the rule of their faith antd perCtice. Ih wancted them to ask Godt to mas their sympathies large enough to embrace overybosdy who loved Jesus Christ. A great many treated God evilly. They did not seem to realize that it was a glorious pri vilege to defendt His truth and His honour and to stanud up for it no matter what it cost them. on had gono to the stake for God's truth. He com mended to themn a sintee surrender of their souls to God, and spolo of theblessing that would follow. After another hymn by Mhr. Whito, The Rev. e. J. Rsdd wa called upoen for an address. He said he was glad to he able to fulfil a promise he had moade to their pastor, anod he felt, too, that ho owed a debt to hr. Graham for the deep interest h toolk i thle mission recently hold at the Weslycan Church. For himarelf he oumld not brt see in their varioed doenominatioual lifo soething of valhe, somethoing of uhse. He Inew how it might run into abaso, how it mniglht at times cotni perilously near to evil; hut le still thought that wisely and trulyhold denominationa milnhnd got some beonefits. He could uederstand that since their ihurmh had opened some had gone bhck to the fold. They thooght the grass was sweotor there, and they hknew there was more water. (Laughter.) In some details there was a dif ferenoe in the presentatiton of Christian truth. He could understand that th er e some people who waxed fat in the Baptist Church who might starve in mind elsewhere, while there were some people perhops who were sitting under his ministry who foiund it profitable who might not find it so profitable in the Baptist Chuireh. There were different temperamonts, different views, different dispositions, and chlluarch life woas, Tnder as he thought God's providete, so varied as to omeet those vlirious types. He kneso there were many con siderations that affeoted people in ttailtig choice of a church. Sotne who had been in the ministry Itmown that some of these ecnsiderations were very frivolous iand some very nnworthy bait every mat shlotld chooss for himself that type of church life shich he fosnd most helpfal for ii own Christian grouth and that offered lic the greatest opportuni ties for the service of his tnaster. Hs thought they wonted to cultivate the spirit of dcnomitlniionalisni and iho free from the evil of whito h might call sctarianism. They could love their own church and forms and ordinances, and yet they scould love theso whoso typo wns somewhat different. Hoe' over different in some cases theoir views might be, they had brought them awaty from the same book, and some who had brought away different views had gone to that book with an equally pore heart. Why should he say sto li brothor khoso view differs 'You're wreong and I'm right," or Why should the latter ray iYoui'ar wrong atid I'm right?' They did not clain ig ollibility. Lot them sympa teizs with acah other's conscientious beliefs and proetices, and holdlunds as brothers, The older he grov -the more to hid was the gldrious personality sf Jesus Christ, dwarfitg everythinlg elm,- And the mo?so they ill came to that the mnore tpiy wottd come tl that blevscdexperieice, the unity of the spirit in the bond of peace. The things that were )asgned against Christ wore many" and subtle ahd streng, and this wis not the time for them to make much of tl tlrehiffee"?cos. Mfr. C. Moos moved a veto of tlianie to the ladies who had assisted, especiolly those nopt ponneoted with thie church, to Dr. Porter for his servieso, to MIr. Ilodd for his address, to MI~r. White for his sntiineg, and to the press. The speaker spoke of his 0av experience in beitig converted to God. He said that the congrogation needed a church, and would have it. Hr. Nowman seconded the motlon .whlioh was accorded by acelittation. The Nov. Dr. Porter responded, and Mr. Wrhito also mads a few reniarks. The proceedings closedwith another hymn and the benedietion, a collection being taken at the doors ats the audience dispersed, thus ending a most sue coasful anniversary. His. Kennedy presided at the ergan during the evotling. 